THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

54 GEORGE III. 1814.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers;

And sold by J. Butterworth and Son, Law Bookseliers, in Fleet-Street.

1814.

[Price 3l. 11s. 6d. in Boards.]

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the SECOND Session of the FIFTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

54 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Profecution of the War.	Page 1

2. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Perfonal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.	7

3. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty two Millions by way of Annuities.	8

---

4. An Ad to continue until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament, an Ad palled in the last Seffion of Paxhament, intituled . n A3 to continue and amend an A3 of the frefeut Seffion, to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold sad Silver, or other Metal, nfually called Tokensy except such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively.

5.	An Ad to indemnify such Perfons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Purpofes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred md fifteen 5 and to permit such Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.	10

6.	An Ad to stay, until the Twentieth Day of April One thoufand

eight hundred and fourteen, Proceedings in Actions under an Ad naffed in the Forty third Year of His prefect Majesty, to «Wd the Laws relating to Spiritual Perfons.	15

A a	7.	An

t ^ 

IV

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

7.	An A A to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One

thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and amend an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.	Pagc,\§

8.	An Act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to thp Public

Funded Debt of Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.	4^

9.	An Aft for fixing the Commencement and Termination ,9^ li-

cences to be granted for the Diftillatibn of Spirits from Corn,or Grain in Scotland,	f	^	i'9

10.	An Aft to amend an AA passed in the Fifty first Ye?r of1 the Reign of His prrfent Majesty, intituled An AH to permit tic tn» ter change of the British and Irifti Militias rc/pcHively. * lmJ* 20

11.	An A A for extending the Provifions of an Act, parted in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making betterTro-

'•vifion for Soidlers, to Serjeants of the Militia. *	‘	/	i	t

12.	An Aft to enable His Majefty"to augment live ^ixtunh Regiment to Ten Battalions, by Enliftment of Foreigners.	22

13.	An Aft for giving EffeA to certain Engagements of His Majefty

with the Emperor of all the Rufjtas and the King of Prujfia, for ~furnifhing a Part of the pecuniary SuCcours foraflifting *HJs Majefty’s said Allies, in supporting the Expcuccs of the.War yyith France.	  ...	"	'	1	23

14.	An Aft to provide that Property vested in the Accountantf.Ger

neral t>f* the High Court of Chancery as such, shall, upon his Death, Removal or Refignation, veil from time to time in thole who flia^l succeed tr> the Office." 7"	“	x	*26

15.	Att Aft forthemore Cafy Recovery of Debts, in His Majefty*s

"Colony of New South Wales. ..	71'	^'27^

i6‘.‘ An-Aft to explain an Aft of the Forty first Year of tils" present '"Majefty, for declaring what Perfons shall. be disabled from fitting -and1 voting in the Hotife of Commons of the United Kingdom, pf Great Britain andIreland. '	-	.,	« s	‘	28

17; A rt A A" tt> enable His Majesty to accept the Services of a Pro-^portion of the Militia of the City of London, out of ifieUnited -Kingdom,* for the vigorous Profecutieri of the War. , r "	‘-30

. 14. An Aft for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred tfaou-"firnd Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service ofGreat ^ri-■fain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.? A4

!J; An A A to enable His Majesty to accept the Services or t]he * Local Militia out of their Counties, under certain ReftriAiops, and until the Twenty fifth Day of March Oi^c Chpu (and, eight “hundred and fifteen.	JliJ.

20.	An AA to explain and amend an AA passed in the present Seflion of Parliament for enabling His Majesty to accept tne Scr-

■ vices of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom*, -for the vigorous Profecntion of the War ; and to extend the Pro--vifions thereof to the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and Devon-'	:

21.	An A A for charging an equalizing Duty on Scotch Salt brought

*to England.	37

22.	An A A to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March *Gne thousand eight hundred and fisteen, an A A of the Fifty* second ^fear of His prrfent Maidly for the .more effectual

—	■*'"*	Prefervation





[Public General) 540 GEO. III.	V

Prtfervation of the Pe^ce by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.	.	/We	38

23.	An Aft to amend an Aft of the Fifty third Year of Ilia

Krjefty's Reign, intituled An Ad for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors' ix England.	,	*	39

24.	An Aft for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of Mirth One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on

‘Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Aft of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended.	^45

25". An A A for puni Hiing Mutiny and Defertion 5 and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.	-	48

26.	An Aft for repeating the Duties of Guftom9 on Madder im-

ported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the Fifth pay.of January On^ thousand eight hundred and feventeep. .	r	- - .	63

27.	Aq. Aft \o rectify a Miftake in anAft of the present Sefiioi^

of Parliament, for repealing the Duties .of Cuftoms on Madder imported into Gteat Britain, and for granting othcrrDuties in. lieu thereof.,	....	-<54

25.	An Aft for the Relief of certain Infolvent Debtors in England.

-,165

29. An Aft to charge an additional Duty of Cuftoois oxi,Brandy imported into Great Britain for the Purpofe of Exportation, aiW which shall be taken out of Warehoufe for Home Confunaptioa, before the Thirty firftDay of March One thousand eight hundred r and fourteen.	^	, £1

jo. An Aft to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and from thence ta*he End* of the then next Seflion of Parliament, several Laws relating to the Tranfportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to the authorizing the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confine* ttn; in England and Scotland’.	.. 92

31. An Aft for the, regulating of His Majesty,a Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.	.93,

31. An Aft to amend the several Afts for preventing the illicit Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland.105 3$. An Aft to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, an Aft, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the better Execution of the Law and Prefervation of tne Peace wfthin Counties at large, as amended by an Aft of the Thirty fixth	of His	Majeihy.	X07

34. An Aft for the Further Regulation of the Trade to and from the Faces within the Limits of the Charter of The East India Confanj.	108

33. An Aft to	extend	the	Period	for allowing Importations from

and Exportations to the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the Eafi India Company, in Ships not of 2?r/7^&-built, until *e Eirff Day of Jasmary Onjt thousand eight hundred an^ fifteen.

/	•	HI

£ An Aft to repeal the Dutiespf Cufioms payable qo Goods,

Warts and Merchandize imported into Great Britain from any *	A	3	Port



The TITLES of the STATUTES,

J7 Port dr Place within thfc Limits of the Charter granted to The United' Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies ; and to grant other Duties in beu thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported 5 and to alter the Periods of making up and presenting certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament ; to continue in force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.	Page	iiz

37.	An Aft for repealing an Aft, made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Adminillration of the Office of a Juftice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surry as lie in and near the Metropolis ; and for making other Provifions in lieu thereof ; to continue in force until the First Day. of June One thousand eight hfindred and. twenty, and from thence until the Expirat’on of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Seflion of Parliament. 150

38.	An Aft for allowing a certain Proportion of the London Militia

to' enlist into the* Regular Forces for the vigorous Profecution of the War; also, a certain Proportion to enlist annually into the Regular Forces ; and for completing the fard Militia. -	159

39: An Aft for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Exchequer ** Bills, fbr the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.	“	172

40. An Aft to remove Doubts refbefting the Payment Of Drawback on the Exportation of French Wine in certain Cafes.	Ibid.

44. An Aft to continue, until the First; Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, to suspend the Importation of British or Irijh made Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland re-fpeftively.	173

x 42* An Aft to repeal an Aft of the Fifty second Year of His present ‘ Majesty, for the Punifhment of Perfons destroying Stocking or Lace Frames, or any Articles in such Frames, and to make other ' Provifions instead thereof.	174.

*	43. An Aft to vest in Trustees certain Mefluages, Lands, Tene-

ments and Hereditaments, for extending the present Lines and Works, and fbr erecting other Works and Buildings at and near Portsmouth and Hilsea, in the County of Southampton•	175

44.	An Aft to continue, until the Twentieth Day of May One

thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Aft passed in this Seflion of Parliament, intituled An A8 to Jlayy until the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, Proceedings in Aftiont under an A3 passed in the Forty third Tear of His present Majejly^ to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Perfons•	201

45.	Ari Aft to continue the Period For purchasing the Legal Quays

in the Port of London.	202

•	46. Ail Aft for altering the Period during which'Writs of Affift-

ance shall remain in force.	203

47.	An Aft to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One . thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Aft of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Separation of Damaged from Sound Coffee, and to permit Dealers to fend out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight, without Permit.	204

48,	An

{Public Gsntrtl) J4t-OIO.HL-

43. An Ad to revive and make perpetual certain Adi for corrfo-lidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of Certain Articles into and from certain Ports in the IVeft Indies*	Pegs	204

49.	An Ad to revive and continue) until the Expiration of Nine Months after the Conclusion of the War with the United Stitcs of America, an Ad made in the lad Seffion of Parliament, to authorize the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles into and fro A the Wsft Indiet, South America and Newfoundland*	205

pj. Aa Ad to amend so much of an Ad of His present Majesty,

.G far repealing the several Duties of Cudoms, and granting other Dopes in lieu thereof) at relates to the Duties payable on Salt exported.	,	Ibid.

54.	Am Ad to revive and further continue, until Nine Months after theCon^ufion of the present War, an Ad of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal aa4 Indigo.	ac6

Aa Ad to revive and continue* during the Continuance of any Ad hapQ&ng any Redridion on the Governor and Company of ■ the Bank of Rnglcusd with respect to Payments in Cafh, an Ad of the Fifty second Year of His present Majcdy, for making mord efiedual Provifion for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the . Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Canent Value of such Coin; and for other Purpofes therein men-tinned#	Ibid*

53.	An Ad to enable the Coomif&oAers of His Majefty’s Treasury to idue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as hare been or shall be granted by Parliament fov the Service of Grim

- Britain for the Year One thoufaad eight hundred and fourteen.

a°7

54.	An Ad to discontinue Proceedings in certain Adi on* already commeneed, and to prevent vcxafious Suita againfk Spiritual Per-low, under an Ad passed in the Forty, third Year of His present Majesty ; and further to continue, untd the Twentieth Day of July

. One. thpafond fight hundred a*d fourteen, an Ad of the present Sdfion ot Parliament, for laying Proceedings under the laid Ad.

,	Ibid.

$i- An Ad for fixing the Rates of Subfiftsuct to be paid to Inn-. keepers and others on quartering Soldiers.	212

56. An Ad to. amend and reader mote efisdual aa AA of. His pee Cent Majesty, for encouraging the Art of making new Models aad Calls of Buds, and other Things therein mentioned 4 and for giving further Encouragement to fitch Art*.	215

5}. An Ad to repeal the Schedule annexed to an Ad of tho Forty fifth Year of Hu present Majesty, by which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported ire to be ascertained, and Substituting mother in lieu thereof; and to permit the Importation of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, the Produce of Martinique, Mariego* loots. Saint Euftatiof Smat Martin and Saba, under the feme Duties and Regulations as fimikr Articles of the Briiift Plantations, to continue until the Fifth Day of April Oas thousand eight hundred sad fifteen-	21J

{L An Ad to continue, doing the prefect HoftiHties with the United States of America, an Ad of the Forty third Year of His

A 4	prefeat





viii

The TlTtES 6( th STATUTES,

preiefit Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom.	Page	220

59.	An Ad to allow Ships taken and condemned for being used in carrying on the Slave Trade to be registered as Britijb-built Ships.

Ibid,

60.	An Ad for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His

Maiefty’s Cordage.	221

6j. An Ad to amend an Ad of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An AS to prevent the granting in future any Patent Office, to be exereifed in any Colony or Plantation, nova or at any Time hereafter belonging to The Crown of Great Britain, for any longer Term than during such Time as the Grantee thereof \ or Perfon appointed thereto, shall discharge the Duty thereof in Perfon, and behave well therein.	Ibid.

6j. An Ad to amend several Ads for erecting or eftabliffiing Public Infirmaries or Hofpitals in Ireland, so far as relates to the Surgeons and Apothecaries of such Infirmaries or Hofpitals.	223

6j. An Ad to amend several Ads for enabling; His Majefty’s Poft-mafter General of Ireland to purchase Preraifes for the Enlargement of the General Poft Office in the City of Dublin.	I2g

64.	An Ad to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, certain Temporary or War Duties of

"Cuftoms on the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Great Britain.	128

65.	An Ad to repeal certain Duties on French Goods imported into

Great Britain, and on Foreign Hides exported to France, and io grant other Duties on French Goods so imported.	229

66.	An Ad to repeal the Duties on Teak Wood and other Ship Timber imported from the East Indies; and to repeal so much of an

-Ad of the Nineteenth Year of His late Majesty, as exempts Captains of VefTels coming from the East Indies, from Penalties for having Foreign-made Sails.	2*0

67.	An Ad to allow Viva Voce Verdids to be returned to the

High Court and Circuit Courts of Jufticiary of Scotland, in certain Cafes 5 and for allowing Appeals to tne Circuit Courts of Jufticiary, in Civil Cafes to a certain Amount.	231

60. An Ad for the better Regulation of Ecclefiaftical Courts in Ireland; and for the more easy Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes.

69.	An Ad to permit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal,

and Flour, from any Part of the United Kingdom, without Payment of Duty, or receiving of Bounty.	241

70.	An Ad for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of The

Crown. '	24*

7 f. An A'd to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One 'thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, the Manufadure of Maid• Jhne Geneva.	278

72% An Ad for pemitdng a Trade between The United Provinces and certain Colonies now in His Majefty’s	Poffeffion.	279

7J*. An Ad to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, certain Additional Duties of Exdfe in Great Britain*	"	'	Ibid.

74.* An Ad for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Moriey to be railed by Lotteries.	281

An

v^.ooQle

/J	6 ^ VMV mmivM vvurnuiiu*^^	*MJV*

fiiteen thousand fix nundred and sixty fix Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence Irijh Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight, hundred and fourteen.	*	Page	281

ft. An Ad for raising the Sun* of Twenty four Millions by way u£ Annuities.	„

77.	Ao Ad to amend an Ad of t^e Fifty third Year of *H)s ptffenp

Majedy, for repealing the Du tits payable on the Importation ^of Wine the Produce orthe Cape of Good ptvpt> and rtsDependepcfcs, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof. .	.	*

78.	An Art to repeal so much of an Ad pafTed in tBe Ninth, and , Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, and^bf

another AdJpafled in tne Twenty eighth Year of His, pepfi^nt Majesty, as relpeds the Removal of Wool, within a attain Difo* unce of the Sea.	*^8c£

79.	An Ad for raising the Sum ,of Six Millions,' by, Exchequer

Bills, for the.Service of Great Britainp for the Year,Oneihoulan^ eight hundred and fourteen.	......	3:87

so. An Ad for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred tbou-. find Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. Hid* Si. An Ad to continue until the Fifth Day of July Qpee thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and to amend several Ads tor granting certain Rates and/Duties, and for allowing certain, Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into $nd exported from Ireland, and to grant until the said Fifth Day of July .One thousand eight hundred and fifteen certain new Duties on the Importation, ana to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland; audio make further Regulation# for securing the Collection of the said Duties.	Ibid.

82.	An Ad to grant to His.Majesty Duties upon Au&ioo# in Jre*\

land, in lieu of former Duties thereon, and to provide for the regulating and securing the Colledion. of the faia Duties, and to prevent Frauds therein.	308

83.	An Ad for tb.; more effectual Regulation of the Receipts and

Woes of His Majefty^ Treasury; and for securing the due Application of Money coming into the Hands of the Public Accountants, in Ireland.	221

84.	An Ad for regulating the Time of holding the Michaelmas

Quarter Seffions in England.	427

85.	An Ad for raising tne Sum of Three Millions, by way of An-

nudes, for the Service of Ireland.	328

86.	An Ad for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money; and

to provide for the Payment of unclaimed and forfeited Shares to Cbelfea HofpitaL	Ibid.

87.	An Ad to grant Duties of Exdfe on certain Sorts of Glafs

made in Ireland, and to grant and allow certain Countervailing Dudes and Drawbacks in respect thereof.	352

88.	An Ad to amend the several A6ta for regulating and securing the Cofledion of the Duties on Spirits diftilfed in Ireland. 256

89.	An Ad for the Charge of the further Addition to the Public Traded Debt of Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One

thoefnd eight hundred and fourteen.



TbflTftlfLSS «f tfw STATUTES,

90. Afii Aft to explain and extend an Aft* passed in, the.Forty thiycl

Year of His present Majedy, intituled An Aft for remedying

., in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County\Bx^A9tt9 and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitant* of Counties in England; and for extending the said Aft to Bridges and other Works maintained at the Expence of Hundreds, Page z69

'91. An Aft to amend so much of an Aft, passed in the Forty -third Year of Her late Majedy Queen Eli%abeti% as concerns the Time of appointing Overseers of the Poor,	.

92.	An Aft to secure the Payment of Stamp Duties onFrobate»

and Letters of Adminidration, and on Receipts for Property obtained by Legacy, or Intedacy,	in Ireland.	36c}

93.	An Aft for regulating the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and

the Traiifmiflion of Accounts and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hofpital.	424.

94.	A<i Aft to grant additional Annuities to Judges of the Courts ot

Scfiion, Judiciary and Exchequer, in Scotland* who had refigned* their Offices before the lad Augmentation of Salaries granted to the Judges of those Courts.	461

95.	An Aft to enable His Majedy to grant additional Annuities to

the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer, in Ireland, on the Refignation of their Offices.	46^

96 An Aft to amend an Aft, passed in the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth y intituled An Aft containing divers Orders for Artificers 9 Labourers, Servants of Hufbandry	and Apprentices.	464

97.	An Aft to continue until the Fird Day of Augufi One thoufand

eight hundred and fisteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glafs made in Great Britain ; for granting an Excife Duty on Common Glafs Bottles imported ; and for the further Prevention of Frauds iu the	Exportation	of Glafs.	465

98.	An Aft to empower the Auditor General of the Accounts in

Spain and Portugal to examine Accounts of Public Expenditure in Prance.	469

99.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One

thousand eight hundred and fisteen, an Aft of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majedy, to continue the Redriftions contained in several Afts of His present Majedy on Payments of Cafh by the Bank of England.	470

100.	An Aft to repeal the Schedule annexed to an Aft of the Forty

seventh Year of His present Maiedy, by which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugars exported from Ireland are to be afeertained, and to fubditute another Schedule in lieu thereof; and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, the Produce of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eufla* tia, Saint Martin and Saba, under the fame Duties and Regulations, as similar Articles of the British Plantations ; to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred aid fifteen.	Ibid*

101.	An Aft for the more effectual Prevention of Child Steading.

102.	An Aft to continue, until the End of the next Seffion of Pariia-meat, several Afts relating to the Britifb White Herring Fiffieiy.

Ibid* 103* An



" [Public General) W GIO. IIL

103.	An A ft to grant until the Tenth Day of April One thbufand

eight hundred and nineteen, certain Duties on Goods, Wares aad Merchandize imported into Ireland from any Port or Place within the Limks of the Charter granted to the United Compauy of Merchants of England trading to the East Indices and to eftablifti further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported.	Pag* 476

104.	An Aft for maintaining and keeping in Repair certain Roads

aad Bridges made in Scotland, for the Purpofe of Military Communication ; and for making more effectual Provifion for maintaining and repairing Roads made, and Bridges built, in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commiflioners for Highland Roads and Bridges.	504

let. An Aft to remove Doubts as to the Duties and Taxes heretofore imposed and levied under the Authority of the several Governments in the East Indies.	513

106. An Aft to remove Doubts, as to the Allowance of Drawbacks upon Bibles and Books of Prayer to The King^s Printers, under an Aft paiTed in the Thirty fourth Year of His prefeat Majesty.

5*4

107. An Aft to render valid certain Indentures for the binding of Pinih Apprentices, and Certificates of the Settlement of Poor Perfooi.	515

io8r An Aft to repeal Two Afts of the Thirtieth and Thirty second Yean of King Charles the Second, for burying in Woolien, and far indemnifying Perfona again (I Penalties for Offences committed against the said Afts.	517

*109. An Aft to amend an Aft of the Thirteenth Year of His preset Majesty, to explain, amend and reduce into One Aft, the Statutes now in force for the Amendment and Prefer ration of the Public Highways within England 5 and for other Purpofes. Ibid. no. An Aft to prevent the Embezzlement of certain Property belonging to the Hbfpital for Seamen at Greenwich, and to amend so much of an Aft of the Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty as relates to Payments to Out Pe»-foam of the said Hofpital refiding	in Ireland.	cai

in. An Aft to continue certain Afts of the Parliament of Ireland far preventing the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder and Ammunition ; and the making, removing, felling and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms and Ammunition, without Licence.	cay

111.	An A ft for the further Encouragement of Fever Hofipitals in Inland.	§26

113.	An Aft to vest in His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, for

ever, Part of the Ground and Buildings now belonging to the Society of King’s Inns, Dvblisiy for the erecting thereon a Repo-fitory for Public Records in Ireland.	527

114.	An Aft to amend an Aft, made in the last Seffion of Parliament for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors in Ireland.	529

115.	An Aft to amend an Aft of the Parliament of Ireland, for

preventing the pernicious Pmftice of burning Land; and for the sore effectual destroying of Vermin-	532

116.	An Aft to repeal the several Laws for Recovery of small Sums das far Wages in Ireland; and to make other Premiums for Re-earmy of fach Wages.



ThiJIttlHS of tte STATWES,

11 1-An A<ft R>	as'relates to "Ae biiifding n<W

Cmirches, an Aft of the Parliament of Ire!attd,^HtA	the Thirty

*	third Year of the Reign of Hte late Majesty 'King" George the^ Second, intituled An AS for reviving arid Amending an Afipajfcdin th* Twenty third Tear of His frefent fiftyefty' IRtign, inf it tiled An. AS for amending, continuing and making mori 'ejfcQuctl the fevered'

» Acts now in force in this Kingdom for the more easy 'Recovery gf Tithes and other Ecclefaflical Dues offmall Value arid qffof or the more easy providing a Maintenance for farijh Clerks, so fair only as the fame relates to the more easy providing a fifhintenarice for' Parijh

*	Clerks ; and to encourage the building of new Churches. ‘ Page 536

118.	An Aft to grant to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to explain and amend an Aft made in the Fifty second Year of His Majelty’s Reign, for granting Stamp Duties irt inland.' 537

119.	An Aft to repeal certain Duties tipon Letters and Packetsj feat

by the Poft within Ireland; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.	*	1 540

iao. An Aft to amend several Afts relating to the Revenues, fifalte'rs and Things under the Management of the Coramiflioners of X>*T-

*	toms and Port Duties, and of the Commifliouers of InlaiwJ T&cifc

and Taxes in Ireland.	. i , . Vv ^ ^.

ill. An Aft to repeal tile additional Ditties t>f Excififbn french VViue imported and on Spirits exported from the Warehouses 5 and "authorizing the Repayment of the additional Duty in respect gf

*	tFrench Wme found in Dealers' Stocks; and'authorizing the Com-

Ofufliontrs of Excife Duties to repay' 6r remit Dtitfcs paid" oj\ 'Liqtaors loft by accidental staving before Landing. „ r'	" Sfirf-

122.	An Aft to alter the Mode of declaring the Value dfCpoi^s imported into or exported from Great Britain.	»	ry8

123.	An Aft to amend an Aft of the Thirty ninth and Fphietlv

Year of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abufes in the Trade of Hops.	*	1	1

124.	An Aft to permit the Importation of Tobacco and SriufF into

the Port of Plymouth.	;:	‘	562*

125.	An Aft to continue, until the End of the nett Seflitfn of Partia-.

ment, an Aft made hi the Forty sixth Year of His prefeutMajefty,’* for permitting the Importation of Mafts, Yards, Bdivrprits an^ Timber for Naval Purpofes from the British Colonieslri North America.	'k‘*	563“

126.	An Aft to alter and extend an Aft plfltd hr the Eighth Year of

King George the First, for Relief of Shipwrecked" Mariners and diftrcfTed Perfons, being His Majefty'e Subjefts/ in the Rin^doik* of Portugal.	1	7trA

127.	An Aft to permit the Exportation toForeignTafts fibttfdfu/-hmd and Inland of Linen Cloth, without Stamps. ’ ’ ff u

128.	An Aft to amend the several Afts for reguNtmg the F^unming

Hofpital in Dublin.	 ^	J?J<5o

X29. An Aft to grant to His Majesty Rates and Duties, andfo afroi* Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods,- Wares and:Merchandize imported into and exported from Inland9 in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties.	^	~57&

130. An Aft to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing ot'any Reftriftkm iaspofed on the Bank of England from ifldhfg Cdfti in Payment, the several Afts for confirming and continuing the Re-ftriftioas on Payments in Cafh by the Bank of Inland.	676

131. An

VjOCK^lC

54’;.$fCXtIL r

ijj- An Ad tfkppwridefar the betttrExrcu tics of the L*ws In Ire. tjiiSy.b]Mppbi»img£^	Magiftrates	*sd	additional Con.

dabfe3 m Counties,certain C*fess. -	-	,1	-	Page	677

!3h -A? Ad to repeal the posy, payable inIreland00 certain Houfes pr jTehement% Under tne annual Value of Ten Pounds.	684

tjj- “An Ad fbr-better Enabling -the Commilhoners of Stamps to ■ make.Allowances for J^ifed Stamp* on Policies of Jnfurance. in /Great Britain, and for preventing Frauds relating thereto* Ibid. 134. An Ad to continue^ until 4he F*rft> Day of January One thou-. fani eight hundred and .sixteen,.. and to amend several Ads for 2Lllo«iag Importation? from and Exportations to the Places within the limits of the Charter of the Baft India Company, in Ships not of .JSr//^-bi*ilt4 fuid for the hotter Maintenance and Care of La/cdri and other AJsatic Seamen arriving in this Kingdom. ✓ 690 135- An Ad to Further explain and amend an Ad of the Fiftieth ; Yeir of His present Majefly’s Reign, for repealing certain Parts of ieferal Ads relating to the limiting the Number of Perfons to be carried by	Qoashtsialreland.	.u	,	n	,»	/	69a

136. An Ad for enabling the Conamifoonets of the Northern Light-Louies to purchase the lflaudand light of dtfny, atr the Entrance of the Frith of Forth ; for enabling the Compuifioners of the! Treasury to.advancer a certain -Sma-.o? Moa^J towards that Pucpofe ; and for an^d^Jciferal Ad* iu,regard to the. Northern Light->oufes* ;	- -.1 .	.	vi	' ^	■'*	694.

i3l.AhA&hr Anderipg the Payment*£ Creditors more equal andexpeitio^f foScotland, %T., rw	,	f »	•»	699

138.. Air Ad to qufole the- Triiftees appointed,by ,anfAd of}.the 'Forty ninth. Yexr-pf His-prefent Majeilyj for the Improvement of the Pailage across the^Jof Forth, called The Queensferry^ to carry the fame Jnto Execution* ♦ , r ,	730

139. An’A&‘to tsdifyta Miftal^e in .an Ad of this Seffion of Par-ament, for railing the Sum of Twenty four Millions by way of

140, An Ad to amend several Ads of the Parliament of Ireland granting certain t^nnuix**.	Ibid.

141... Aa A& $p*Jtev so much of an Ad, made in the Fifty second Year of His jjrfcsent; Majedy, as relates to the Duties payable in re-fp-d of iuUiftg! .of; C^rae*	733

142.	An Ad to permit the Exportation of Tea to the British Colo,

pies is America, Guerufey, Jerfcy, Europe and Africa, without Payment of Duty.	734

143.	An Ad to. reral the Duties granted by an Ad palled in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending and supporting t£e several Harbours and Sea Ports in the Isle of Man, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and for giving further Powers to the Coznmiffioners appointed under the (aid Ad. 735

144.	An Ad for better securing the Stamp Duties on Sea Infur-ances made in London, and for altering the Period for taking out Stamp Office Certificates by Attormes and others in England.

738

145.	An Ad to take away Corruption of Blood lave in certain

Cafes.	742

14S. An Ad to alter the Punifhioent, in certain Cases, of High

Annuities. ».

Trtafon.



ibid.

147. An

:ed by 

XtT

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

147.	An Aft for the better Regulation of the Driver* of Xicenfed

Hackney Coaches ; for chaining and amending an Aft pafied in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, relating to Hackney Coaches ; and for authorising the licensing of a limited Number df Hackney Chariots.	Page	743

148.	An Aft for impofmg an Excife Duty on Silk Handkerchiefs fold by the Eafi India Company for Home Confumption. 749

149.	An Aft to regulate, until the End of the next Seffion of Parlia-

ment, the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally.	7 $4

150.	An Aft to consolidate and amend the Regulations contained in

several Afts of Parliament, for imposing and levying of Fines upon Parities, Townlands and other Places, in respect of the unlawful Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland.	769

151.	An Aft to repeal an Aft pafied in the Fifty second Year of Hia

present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office, and to make further Provifions for the Regulation of the Office of Agent General.	787

if2. An Aft to repeal certain Parts of an Aft made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating themaking, keeping and carriage of Gunpowder, within Great Britain•	792

153.	An Aft to regulate the Payment of Drawback* on Paper allowed to the Univerfities in Scotland.	793

154.	An Aft for further amending and enlarging the Power* of an

Aft of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty,? intituled An AB for consolidating and rendering mote efftQoal the several ABj for the Pur chafe of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster HaHand the Tvm Houftref Parliament; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned. v. - ■	794

iff. An Aft to repeal an Aft for establishing Regulation* refpeft-mg Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom in certain cafe* 5 and for substituting other Provisions, until the End of the next

" Seffion of Parliament in lieu thereof.	. 808

tj6. An Aft to amend the several Afts for the Encouragement of Learning, by securing the Copies and Copyright of Priited Books, to the Authors of such Books, or their Affigns. v ♦ : * G 817

157.	An Aft for the better Regulation 6f the Conduft of the Bufi-nefs of the Office of Works, and the Expenditure thereof. 1. .823

158.	An Aft to continue, for One Year, certain Afts fkrihebetter

Prevention and Punifhment of Attempts to fedoce Perfon* ferting in His Majefty'* Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty dnd Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Dif-obedience.	... -	'	•	*	A	8*J

150. An Aft for the better Regulation of-the several Ports* Harbours, Roadfteads, Sounds, Channels, Bays and Navigable Rivers m the United Kingdom, and of His Majefty's Docks, Dock/Yands, Arfenals, Wharfs, Moorings and Stores therein % and for repealing several Afts pafied for that	Porpofe.	826

160.	An Aft to enable His	Majefty	to	fettle	an	Annuity	upon

Her Royal Highneft the	Prmcefs	of	Wales*	during	the	Joint

Lives of His Majesty and of Her Royal Highoefs.	829

161.	An Aft for fettlmjg and securing an Annuity on Arthur Duke of Wellington and hi* Heirs; and for empowering the Lord

10	High

. IPitto Central) 540 GE0.JIL

ttgh lYenfarer or Lords CommUfioner* of the Tresfey to advance# out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, a Sum of Money in fieu of such Annuity, to purchase an Ellate* in enkr to icri—priny the said Title, in Confideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Duke of Wellington *t» His Majesty and to the Public f and for making farther Pro*-nbon for the Dtfpofid of m Sam of Money granted by an Ad of the hk Seffion of Parliament, for pm-chafing an Eftate for the said Dakr, then Marquis of Wellington.	842

Ida. An Ad for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Beres-r.fwdi and the Perfons to whom the Title ot Lord Beresfurd r Rail defend* hi Confideration of hie eminent Services.	860

tfij. An Ad for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Com-iermere, and the Two next Perfons to whom the Title of Lord Combermere shall defend* in Confideration of his eminent Services.

tfi*. An Ad for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Ex-month, aad the Perfons to whom the Title of Lord Enmouth /hall defend, in Confideration of his eminent Services. t	865

165. An Ad for feeding and securing an Annuity on Lord Hill, and •the Perfons to whom the Title of Lord Hill shall defend, in C011-fiderauna of hit eminent Services.	867

t£6. An Ad for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Lyne-

*	Jock, and the Peribos to whom the Title of Lord Lyncdoch

-	-flmil defend, m Confideration of his eminent Services.	870

t&j. An Ad for applying 0 certain Sum of Money arisen or to arife

-	from certain Duties granted to His Majeihy. during the Conti-nsanceof the proftnt War, and for applying certain Monies therein

•	raxstioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred 1 and fourteen ; and hr further appropriating the Supplies granted

in this Sdfion of Parliament.	872

168. An Ad to amend the Laws refpedbg the Atteftation of Xn-

-	inants of Appointment and Revocation* made in exerctfe of

" certain Powers in Deeds, Wills and other Instruments,	88$

#69. An Ad for making-certain Regulations respecting the Poftage

of Mp Letters* afd of Letters in Great Britain•	886

170. An Ad to repeal certain Provifions in Local Ads for the Makxcranee and Regulation of the Poor; and to make other Pro-

•	rifions m ggintaon thereto.	890

f7t. An Ad to empower the Commiifioners of His Majefty’s Tn-a-

to veftdre Seizures or remit or mitigate Fines* Penalties or

*	Forfeit dreo* incurred concerning any Laws relating to the Culloms

tr Exdfev bfr Navigation aad Trade of Great Britain.	894

172.	An Ad for repealing the Duties payable in Scotland upon

DifoHen* Wa4b, Spirits and Licences* and for granting other D uties in Ik* thereof.	895

173.	Ad Ad to alter aad amend certain of the Powers and Pro-

dfioos of fereral Ads palled for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax; and for making further Provision for the Redemption thereof. '	902

V74. An Ad far letting to fmn dm Pod Horse Doties.	909

175.	An Ad to explain and amend federal Ads relating, to Spiritual 5 Prrfonr holding of Farm; aad for enforcing the Refid< nee of faeh ftrfoa* on -their Btntfioet m England, tor One Year* and

862

from



orci

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

from thence until Six Weeks after the Meeting of die then next

Seffion of Parliament.	P*g* 912

176.	An Ad for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing

of the Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thou-fand eight hundred and fourteen.	915

177.	An Ad for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 919

178.	An Ad to continue so much of an Ad made in the Forty third Year of His present Maiefty’s Reign, for authorizing the

biiletting and subjecting to Military Discipline certain Yeomanry Corps and Officers of Cavalry or Infantry, as relates to such Corps

in Ireland.	926

179.	An Ad to amend an Ad, passed in the Forty ninth Year of

His present Majeity's Reign, intituled An AS for amending and reducing into One Ah of Parliament the several Laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland.	927

180.	An Ad to provide for the preserving and restoring of Peace

in such Parts of Ireland as may at any time be disturbed by seditious Perfons, or by Perfons entering into unlawful Combinations or Confpiracies.	929

181.	An Ad to render more easy and cffedual Redrefs for A (Faults

in Ireland.	939

182.	An Ad to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March,

One thousand eight hundred and iixteen, an Ad for regulating the Trade to the Ifle of Malta ; and to revive and continue, for the fame Period, several Ads relating to the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain*	940

183.	An Ad to impose a Countervailing Duty of Excife on Bleaching Powder imported from Ireland.	941

184.	An Ad for the effeduai Examination of Accoiuts of the

Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Ifhmds of Ceylott9 Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope, for Five Years.	944

18;. An Ad to allow a Bounty on the Exportation from Great Britain of Briti/h-made Cordage.	950

186.	An Ad for the more easy apprehending and trying of Of-

fenders, escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other.	953

187.	An Ad to revive and continue, until the First Day of June

One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and to amend several Ads for the more effeduai Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity.	955

188.	An Ad for enabling His Majesty to raiie the Sum of Three

Millions for the Service of Great Britain ; and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds Briti/h Currency for the Service of Ireland.	971

189.	An Ad to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Difembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and for granting Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Surgeons’ Mates and Seneant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen. Ibief.

109. An

(Local & Perfinal) 54® GEO. IQ»

/90. Ah Ad for appointing Commifficmers for carrying into Execution an Ad of this Seifion of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penfion9 and Offices in England; and an Ad made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight.	Pag*	9	91

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO HE EVIDENCE.

i,	A N Ad to continue and amend Two Ads of the Thirty

eighth and Forty third Years of His present Majesty, for more effedaally repairing that Part of the Roads from Manchester to Rochdale* Bury and Radcliffc Bridge, all in the County Palatine of Lancasier, which is called The Manchester DiftriQ ; and for nuking and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate ^therewith.	Page	984

ii.	An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His

present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Chejhunt, in Lbe County of Hertford.	Ibid.

Hi An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Col ling ham, through Wetherby, to the City of Tort.	985

if- An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the West End of Saint lues Lane, in the Town of Saint Neots in the County of Huntingdon* to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge.	/bid.

v.	f An Ad for the Improvement of Bryanjlon Square, in the Panft*.

.of Saint Mary le Bone* in the County of .  Middlesex.	I' id,

vi.	An Ad for the Improvement of Dorset Square, in the Pa-ifii

pf Saint Mary le Bgne, in the County of .  Middlesex.	Ild	I,

vii* An Ad. for the Improvement of Montagu Square, in the Par!!1!

of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of .  Middlesex.	/hi	I,

riii An Ad-to enable The Sun Life AJfurance Society to fuo and he ford so the Name of their Chairman or Secretary, under cc- ■ tain Regulations.	/hid.

ix. An AcI to enable The Sun Fire Office Company to sue and be fucu.

in the Name of their Treasurer, under certain Regulations. Ibid. L An Ad to enable The Wefi of England Fire and Life Infur ance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secret

Ibid.

A An Ad to enable the Company of The County Fire Office to sue and be sued in the Name of their Managing Director, or any other LHre&or.	,	;	!	Ibid.

tS, An Ad to enable The Imperial Infur ance Company to sue and be feed in the Name of the Chairman for the Time being, or of lpj other Member of the Company*	986

S%Q*0. III. ' ~	a	xiii.	An

xviii	The	TITLES of the STATUTES,

xiii.	An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers pf an Aft qF HU

prefect Majesty, for rebuilding the Bridge ovpr the River Rea9 at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, jn>d fojr making other Improvements therein mentioned.	"'	Page	986

xiv.	An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Canterbury Lane, within the Liberty of the Town of FolkeJIone, to a Place in the Parifh of FolkeJIone called Mudjhole, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent.	‘	Ibid.

xv.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of

His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Warwick Road near Solihull to the Guide Poll in Kenilworth, and from Stonebridgey to meet the aforesaid Road at Balfall Common, in the County of Warwick, so far as respects the (aid Road from Stonebridgc to Balfall Common, and from thence to the said Xown of Kenilworth.	-	Ibid•

xvi.	An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Woodbridge to Eye, in the County of Suffolk; and for repairing certain other Roads to communicate therewith.	Ibid»

xyii. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads, pafied in the Twelfth and Thirty third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Parifh of Cardington to the great Northern Road near Terns ford Bridge in the County of Bedford / and for making and maintaining a Road branching out of the fame at Roxton Hill, to the South End. of the Turnpike Road leading from Bedford to Kimbolton, in the Cdunty of Huntingdon.	Ibid.

sviii. An Ad for repairing the Road from Barrow Hill in AJhford, to a place called New Englandy in the Parifh of Hollingborne, and for making a new Road thence to Eafl Lane, in the Town of Maidjloncy all in the County of Kent.	Ibid.

xix. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His %	prefent	Majefty,	for repairing the Road from Cockerton Bridge to

Staindrofy in the County of Durham.	987

XX.	An Ad for watching, lighting and cleansing the Town of Goff porty in the County of Southampton ; and for amending and rendering more effcdual an Ad palled in the Third Year of Hi* present Majesty, for better paving the Streets and preventing Nuifances and Annoyances in the laid Town.	Ibid.

xxi.	An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Ads

of Hi* late and present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads leading from South Moltony in the County of Devon.	.	Ibid.

xxii.	An Ad for enlarging the Tfcrm and Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lyne Bridge, through Long town, to the Scotch Dykcy and from Longtown to the Bridge over the River Sarky in the County of CumbeAand, and for repairing certain other Roads to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xxiii.	An Ad for lighting, watching and regulating the Police within the Borough of Macclesfield, in the County of Che^tr.

xxiv.	An Ad for amending and widening the Road, commencing at or near the Side Gate on the Hinckley and Lutterworth Turnpike Road, in the Parifh of Burbage, m the County of Leicf/ler,

to

v^ooQle

(Local fcf Perfonal) 54* GEO. III.

to the Lmcefitr Turnpike Road, in or near to the Village oljfar-koroygfy, in the said County.	Page	987

nr. An A A for enlarging the Term and Powers of an AA of His prefect Majeftjr, for repairing the Roads from Darlington to West Auckland, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Durham*	Ibid.

>*ri. An AA for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Adts of Hit prefect Majesty for Repairing the Road from Burlton,

, Jjirough Knocking to Llanymynech, in the County of Salop, and other Places therein mentioned.	988

iim An A A for enlarging the Term and Powers of an AA of His prefeat Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Marjh Lane in Ajhford, in the County of Kent, to the End of the Parifh of Or left one, near StocUridge, in Romney Marjb, in the said County.	Ibid»

^ xxriit. An AA for enlarging the Term and Powers of an AA of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads from West Harptry to the fath and Wells Turnpike Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing certain other Roads to communicate therewith.	Ibid,

nix. An AA for making and maintaining a Road from the Turnpike Road between North Shields and Newca/Ue upon Tyne, to Morpeth CtL Hie, and for making and maintaining Three several Branches of Road to communicate therewith 5 all lying in the ' Counties of Northumberland and Durham.	Ibid.

xxx. Ao AA for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers * of aa A A of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present far repairing and widening the Road from Selby Ferry, in the Parifh or Uemingbrough, to the Town of Market Weigh-top, ia the East Riding of the County of Tork.	Ibid.

xxxu An AA for continuing and amending Three AAs, One of His late Majesty, and Two of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Middleton Tyas Lam End to Bowes, m the Norths Riding of the County of York*	Ibid*

XXXU. An AA for rebuilding the Chapel of Newton, in the Parifh of Manckdkr, in the County Palatine of Lancajler•	Ibid,

mvi An AA for inclosing Lands within the Parifh of Tottenham, in the County of ffertford.	989

Tlxif. An A A for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Bray, in the County of Berks.	Ibid.

xxxt.. Aii.Ad for inclosing Lauds within the Manor of Bewaldeth, in the Parifh of Torpenhow, in the County of Cumberland. IbidL XxxtL An AA for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Hockwold cm Wilton, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

XXXtd. An AA for inclosing Highjlone Common, in the Parifh of Bewcef&e, in the County of Cumberland.	Ibid.

XxxrftL An AA for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Lowejloft, in the County of Suffolk*	Ibid.

Xrxix. An AA for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Allonby,

. io the Parifh of Bromfield, in the County of Cumberland.	Ibid.

x£ An AA for enlarging and amending the Powers and Provifioos of the fereral AAs tor making the London Docks•	990

iSL An AA for amending the rowers and Provifions relating to the foot's Rato# of an Aa pf His present Majesty, for maintaining

a 2	the





XIX

XX

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

the Poor, and cleanfmg the Streets, in the Parifh of Saint George, in the County of .  Middlesex.	Page	991

xlii. An Ad tor enabling the Severn and Wye Railway and Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money fur the Completion of their Works.	Ibid»

xliii. An Ad for the better Management and Relief of the Poor in the Parifh of Lewt/ham, in the County of Kcnty and for better aflefiing and colleding the Parochial Rates in the said Parifh.

Ibid.

xliv. An Ad for amending and more effectually carrying into Execution the Purpofes of certain Ads of the Sixteenth, Twenty* third and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

xlv. An Ad for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majefty’* Judges at the Aflizes for the County of Warwick.	Ibid.

xlvi. An Ad to enable The Birmingham Mining and Copper Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary. £99 xlvii. An A& for continuing and amending an Ad of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road between Gatejhead and Hexham, near Lobby Hilly in the County of Durham, to Burtry Ford» iu the Panfc of Stanhopey in the fame County, together with federal Branches therefrom.	~ f Ibid*

xlviii. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an. Ad of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering and repairing the Road from Swell Wold to the Turnpike RoOd from Tewkesbury to Stow9 in the County of Glouoefter9 and from the . Parifh of Cheltenhamy in the said County of Gloucester, to Sedgloroughy in the County of Wor after y ana from the Town t>f Winch comb y in the said County of Glouafter% to the said Turnpike < Road from Tewkesbury to Stow•	Ibid.

vlix. An Ad to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Ads of His present Majefty* for amending . the Road from Bejfeljleighy through Wantage to Hunger for dy in the County of Berks, and other Roads ia the said Ads mentioned, in the said County, and in the County of Wilts« Ibid.

1.	An Ad for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Swindon to or near Knighton Farm, in the Panih of Ram/bvry9 and from Liddington to the Road leading from Swindon to Marl-borougby in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

li. An Ad for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the * Road leading from Sturry Street to Herat Bay, m the Count* of Kent.	ibid.

lii. An Ad for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Ads, made for repairing the High Road leading front . Brent Bridgey in the County of Devon, to Gqfking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth in the laid County of Devon*

1000

liii. An Ad to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an. Ad of the Twenty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms of feveralAds for repairing the Roads from ColeJf$U$ through the City of Lkifteldy pod the Town

of

L,ooQle

(Local 1st Perfortaf) GEO. III.

Stone, to the Ehd of the County of Stafford, in the Road hading- towards Chester, and several other Roads in the said Ad* aeotioned, m the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Lichfield.	Page 1000

Ih. An A A for making and maintaining a Road from Balderjlon to Bnrfcongb Bridge m Walton in h Dale, in the County Palatine of Lan coder.	Ibid.

It. An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Ad of His present Majesty for widening and maintaining the Road leading from the East Side of the Market Pbce in New' Sleaford to and through the Town of Anwick, in the County of Lincoln ; and other Roads therein mentioned, in the {aid County; and for building a Bridge over the Witham, at or near to Tatterjball Ferry,	Ibid.

In. An Ad for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers, of aa Ad for making a Road from Stand Edge within Saddle-worth, in the County of Tork, to or near Mumtfs Brook, in the Townftiip of Oldham, in the Parifh of Prejlwich, in the County of Lmcaflcr, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

Wii. An Ad for repairing the Road from the Maidjlone Turnpike Gate on the Loofe Road, near Sutton Lane, in the Parifh of-Maidjlone, to the King’s Head Inn, in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent; and for making and repairing other Roads therein mentioned in the said County.	Ibid.

Win. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of Hit present Majesty, for repairing, widening and altering the Road from Crtckhowell, m the County of Brecon, to the Croft Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Rofs, and other Roads therein described. 1001 fix. An Ad for continuing and amending Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Guide Poft at the West End of the Town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the Town of Staines, in the County of .  Middlesex.	Ibid.

lx. An Ad for amending, improving and keeping in Repair the-Road from the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancafer, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bury to Hafling den, at or near Edenfield Chapel, in the Townfhip of Tottington Higher End, in the fame County.	Ibid.

Ixi. An Ad to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stone to Lane End, and to the Road between Leek and Samdon, on Meir Heath, and from thence to Blithe Bridge; and also from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stahl ford Bridge; and die Road from Walton to Ecclejlall, in the County of Stafford.	Ibid.

briL An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from a Place called Lees, in the Pan(h of Bingley, to commence and branch off from the Rood leading from Croft Roads Inn to Haworth, at the North East Comer of a certain Clofe of Land called The Highfield, to Hebden Bridge, in the 'Parilh of Halifax, all in the West Riding of the County of Tork.	Ibid.

Win. An Ad for enlarging and improving The Minjler Tard of the Cathedral and Metropohtical Church of Saint Peter, in Tork, and «ber Placet adjacent thereto.	1002

a 3	lxiv. An

CjOOgLC

XHl

xxii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

lxiv. An Ad for veiling certain Eftates devised by the Will of Benjamin Hyett Esquire, deceased, in	to be fold, and for

laving out the Monies thence arising in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftatea so fold* ,

lxv. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Middleton$ in the County of Norfolk-	Ibid.

Ixvi. An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Townftiips and Manor of Great and Little Clifton, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid• lxvii. An Ad for better colleding the Tithes in the Townihip# of : Hunton and dr rat borne* in the Pari flies of Patrick Brompton and • Hornby, in the North Riding of the County of York.	Ibid•

hcviii. An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Manor or Divifion of - Beet bomy in the Parifh of Beet homy in the County of Weftmor-land.	Ibid.

lxix- An Ad for inclosing certain Lands in the Parifli of Cbif-wick, in the County of Middlefeie, over which Right of Cotn-'*	mon hath been extinguished.	Ibid•

lxx. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet or Chapelry of : Edington in the Parifh of Moorlinchy in the County of Somerset.

lxxi. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parifli of Ren-•wick* in the County of Cumberland.	Ibid.

lxxii. An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Parilhes of Mettingham and Bungay Trinityy in the County of Suffolk•	Ibid.

lxxiii. An Ad for inclosing Landfc in the Parifli of Bayton9 in the County of IVorceJler.	^ . 1003

Ixxiv. An Ad for confirming and establishing a Divifion and Inclo-fure of the Common Fields, Common Downs and Waftea, in the Parifli of Sutton Mdndevilley in the County of Wilt*.	Ibid.

lxxv. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Littlecoty in the Parifli of Enfordy in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

lxxvi. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifli of AJlon Clinton, in the County of Buckingham.	Ibid.

Ixxvii. An Ad for building a Church or Chapel of Eafe in the Parifli of Sculcoatesy in the Eait Riding of the County of York.

Ibid.

Itcxviii. An Ad for enlarging the Provifions of an Ad palled in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled jin Ad for » altering and enlarging the Provifons of an All passed in the Par-liament of Ireland in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for making and conjlituting a new Parijhy by the Name of u The Parifh of Saint George,” on the Ground adjoining the City of Dublin, therein deferibed; and for making and building a Pari/h Church therein.	Ibid.

lxxix. An Ad to enable The Atlas Affurance Company to sue and be filed in the Name of their Chairman, or Secretary, under certain Regulations.	Ibid.

lxxx. An Ad for making and maintaining certain Roads from the Town of Slroudy and Teveral other Places therein mentioned, all m the County of Ghucejler.	Ibid.

Ixxxi. An Ad for continuing the Term and enlarging die Power*

of an Ad of His present Majesty, for making a Road from Fremch Topi In the West Riding of the County ut York% to GJqp+% in the

1 /■ Page 1002

Ibid.

County



(Local {5* Prrfand) 54° GEOLIIt

xxiii

Qoooly eA Derby ; and for repairing* the Road leacting; from Copley MeadoW to Stayley Bridge, in fcbeCotmty Palatine ofChcfter.

Page 1003

kxxii. An Ad. for cenrinaing' the Term add altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford / and also the Road from Stafford to Newport, in the County of Salop.	1004

kxxhi. An Ad for continuing and amending an Ad of His late Majesty, and Two Ads of His prefeat Majesty, for repairing cer-tai Roads leading to and from the City of Lineal*, and other Roads therein mentioned.	Ibid*

lxixnr. An Ad for repairing the Road from Anktjler to Wootton Women, in the County of Warwick.	Ibid.

Ixxxr. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road from Beffelfleigb, to Hungerford in the County of Berks, to Ledford otherwise Soufley Water, in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

hrxxn. An Ad for indoiiag Lands in the Tithing of AJbton Gifford*

* in the Parifh of Codford Saint Peter, in the County of Wilts. Ibid. Irxx .ti, An Ad fbr inclofmg Lands in the Parifhes of Wallafey, and

W d Kirby, in the County of Chester.	Ibid.

Ixxvjt. An Ad for inclofmg Lands within the Parifh of Bnllymore Evjlace, in the County of Dublin.	Ibid.

Ixxxix. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh aud Redory Manor of Crewkerne, in the County of Somer/ef.	Ibid.

sc. An Ad for incfofing Lands in the Parifh of Fridley tnn Clayton, otherwise Clayton with Fridley, in the West Riding of the County of York.	I0o$

m. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Barkisland, in the - Parifh of Halifax, in the County of York.	Ibid.

sen. An Ad for inclosing Lands in Whixall, in the Parifh of Frees, in the County of Salop.	Ibid.

con. An Ad fbr inclosing LandB within the foreral Parifhes of KUmn^ton, Charlton, Mufgrdve, W'tneanton and Peiifchnood, in the County of Somerset.	lied.

xcir. An Ad for inclosing Lauds in the Manor of Ovenden, in the Parifh of Hdefeat, in the County of York.	Ibid.

see. An Ad fbr inclosing Lauds in the Parifh of Streatley, is the

•	County of Berks.	Ibid.

xdei. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Townlhip of

Woodland, in the Pariftt of Goekfield, ia th* County of Durham.

Ibid.

As Ad for the Relief of Poor Debtors, and others* confined within the GoM of Dover CafHe.	Ibid.

leriiu An Ad for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, Newport Pagnell to The Grand Junttion Canal, at Great Linford, J< is the County of Buckingham.	io*S

teat. An Ad for altering and amending an Adof the Fifty fiecond - Year of His present Majefty’s Reign* for inclosing the Foreft of ' Ddamtre, in Ac County of Choker.	Ibid.

An Ad for erecting and maintaining a new Court Htrafe and * akfeOAous hu ib* City I so& Cmottyvf AbtdMm-ifed'Jkrffl*-

a 4'	riding





xxi*

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

viding’ and maintaining an additional Gaol for the said City and County, and for other Purpofes relating thereto. Page IOI2 fei. An Ad for making and maintaining a Tram Road or Railway from the Parifh of Mamhilad, in the County of Monmouth, to or near UJk Bridge, in the said County.	Rbd.

C»i. An Ad for erecting a new Gaol and Court House in the Burgh of Inveraray, in the Shire of Argyll.	Ibid.

ciii. An Ad for making a fair and equal County Rate for the County of Buckingham.	Ibid.

civ. An Ad for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent to hold a General Seflions annually, or oftener, for levy-

•	ing and applying the Rates and Expenditure of the said County ;

' and to alter and amend an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Rates of the said County.

*	1019 cv* An Ad for better paving, cleanfmg, lighting, watching, regulat-

- ing and improving, the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Pre-cinds thereof.	1029

cvi. An Ad for improving the Town of Wolverhampton, ii» the County of Stafford, and for removing and regulating the Markets 1 in the said Town.	Ibid.

evii. An Ad for enabling the Proprietors of The Commercial Rooms in the City of Bristol, to foe and be foed in the Name of their Sec-retary, and for the Regulation of the said Rooms, and the Property thereof.	Ibid•

criiki An Ad for lighting, watching and improving the Town of Dart ford, in the County	of Kent.	Ibid.

An Ad for cleansing, lighting and otherwise improving certain

*	h Streets and Places	within	and	near the Town and Borough of

' Qatejhead, in the County of Durham.	*030

Y-ck. An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His present 1 Majesty, for repairing the Church of Saint Si dwell, in the City of

*	.v Exeter. ^	ibid.

' cxi. An Ad for building a New Church within the Town and

, Parifh of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Letneafior4 Ibid* cxii. An Ad for enlarging the Church Yard and Burial Ground for the Parifh of Lambeth, in the County of Surry ; and for improving and widening the Approaches to the Church in the fame Parifh ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned, relating thereto.

Ibid.

cxiii. Ah Ad for repealing an Ad passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 for better affejjfng and eolleding the Poor and other Ratet in the Parifh of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surry, and regulating the Poor thereof; and granting other rowers in lieu thereof ; for rebuilding or repairing the Workhoufe ; and removing and preventing Encroachments and Annoyances in the said Parifh ; and for other Purpofes relating thereto, ouv. An Ad for altering, amending and rendering more effectual an Ad of the First Year of King George the Second, for erecting a Workhoufe in the City of Canterbury, for employing and maintaining the Poor there; and for other Purpofes mating thereto.	Ibid.

cxv. An Ad to aiuherixc the Xafpcdota appointed by an Ad of the

Forty

CjOOQle

Ill

{Lead iff J*jtrf$nal) 34° OHCX 111*

Forty eighth Year of Hit present Majesty to examine, infpest, damp and mark Raw Skins-of Sheep and Lambs in the Market held in King*4 Place, in the Pariih of Scant Mary Newington, in the County of Surry,	P°ge	1030

C*ri. An Aft for enlarging the Power* of an Aft of His present Majfcfty for granting certain Power* and Authorities to the Ga* Light and Coke Company.	1034

oiriu An Aft to enable the Several Perfons therein named to dispose • of certain Securities upon the Tolls of the Iron Bridge at Btjbop Wearmouth, in the County of Durham, and Ferry Boats attached thereto, by way of Lottery.	*037

cxTUji. An Aft to enable the President and College or Commonalty of the Faculty of Phyfic, in London, to hold their Corporate Meetings within the City of Weflminfler, or the Liberties thereof.

crix. An Aft to repeal certain Parts of an Aft patted in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and : Government of the	of	Cutlers	within	the I 1	‘	of

* Hallamshire, in the C _.s Tori, and to alter and	the

laid Aft.	1039

out. An Aft for continuing and amending an Aft patted in the - Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for more efFeftually repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middle'fix, to the Twenty Mile Stone on Egbam, . Hill, in the County of Surry.	Ibid*

cui An Aft for continuing and amending an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunflable to Hocklisse, in the County of Bedford,	Ibid•

exxii. An Aft to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Aft of Hi* late Majesty, and Three Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road front Tadcafter Bridge, within the County of the City Torb, of to Hahmoor Lane End*	Ibid.

cxxiii. An Aft to continue the Term, and amend, alter and enlarge the Power* of an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the . Road from Heart, in the County of Derby, through Belper, to IhffM, in the laid County.	Ibid.

exxiv. An Aft for repairing the Road from Saint Lloyds, in the Towa of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Olney to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Buckingham.	Ibid,

axr. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Aft* of Hi* present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Newcastle under Line to Hajjbp, and from Middle Hills to the Maeelcsficld Turnpike Road near Bunion, and several other Road* therein described, in the Counties of Stafford*nd Derby; so far as such Afts relate to the Second Diftrift of the said Roads.	1040

cxxru An Aft for continuing and amending an Aft of His present Majesty for repairing the Rond from Old Stratford, in the County id Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick. Ibid. turn. An Aft for vetting certain Edates devised by the Will of . William Burder, and now belonging to Jasu Border, William Border, Charles Forjler Border, Ann Goldfmith and Mary Gold-> faith. Infants, and to Samuel Border, Mary Needham Burder and SBishth Border* ia undivided Share* in lee Simple, in Trutteet,

tn

Ibid.



xxvi1

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

to fee’ fold; and for investing the Put-chafe Monies arising from the Shares of such of them as are Infants in other Real Eilates to be conveyed to them in Fee Simple, in lieu of such Shares.

Page 1040

Cxxviii. An A61 to enable the Prebendary of the Prebend of Stoit ' Newton, or Newnton otherwise Newington, in the County of Middlesex, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul iir _ London, to grant a Leafe of the Manor of Steke Newton, or Newnton otherwise Newington, in the said County, Parcel of thO ' said Prebend, in Manner therein mentioned, and to enable the granting of Sub Leafcs for building thereon, and otherwise improving the fame, and for other Purpofes.	Jbidi

cxxix. An A6t for veiling certain Meffuages and Farms, situate in the County of Warwick, Part of the Eilates devised by the Will of Sir Charles Henry Talbot Baronet, deceased, in Truflees,

*	in Trust, to convey the fame to the Moil Honourable Francis Ingram Seymour Conway, Marquis of Hertford, upon Payment by him of Fifteen thousand Pounds for the Purchafe of the fame, and

*	for inveiling such Money in the Purchafe of other Eilates to be

fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

cXxx. An Ad to enable the Right Honourable George Lord Calthorpe, and others, to grant Building Leafes of Land in the Pariih of Saint Pancras, in the County of .  Middlesex.	1041

cxxxi. An Ad for amending and enlarging the Powers of an A<51 of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Feoffees and Truflees of an Eilate in the County of Middlefcx9 given by Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a School and Alms Houfes at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to ; ft 11 Part of the said Eilate, or to grant Leafes thereof; and for other Purpofes.	Ibid'*

exixii. An Ad for veiling in the Commifiioners of Wefiminjler Bridge the legal Eilate in Fee Simple of certain Eilates veiled in Thomas Prichard, an Infant Truilee, and others ; and for confirming a Sale made by the said Commifiioners, and for making them a ' Corporation, and giving them further Powers of felling and leafing.

Ibid*

toctxiii. An A& for veiling an undivided Third Part of certain fettled Eilates of Thomas Symons Esquire, and Mary his Wife, u in the County of Suffer:, in Trullees, to be fold, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchafe of other Eilates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eilates so fold.	Ibid*

Cxxxiv. An A 61 for veiling certain Eilates, devised by the Will of Thomfon Bonar Esquire, deceased, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be fold; and for laving out the Monies thence arising, in the Purchafe of other Eilates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eilates so fold*	Ibid*

cxaxv. An A€t for amending an A61 of King Charles the Second^ relating to the Cathedral Church of Saint Afapb, in the County of Flint*	Ibid*

cxxxvi. An A€t for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Townfhipa .

of Gnmfftsll,1Norton and Afhetii, in die County-of Tori* Ibid* Ctxxvii. An A61 for inclosing Lands within the fevnful ToWrtfhipt of BartioldfwM+^Siktrforth, thfc Pariforef Barmfd/kuict, inthe VttfL Riding <tf the County of Terri* r r 1 Ibid* v'	cxxxviii. Aa





(Lieut (Jf Ptrfmul) 54* QEO. IIL

ttmui* An Ad for indofiftg, and exonerating from Tithe®, Land® h the Pari ft of Potion* in the County of Bedford* Page 1042 cixxix. An Ad for inclofiog Landa in the Pariih of Murjley, in the County of Buckingham.	Ibid*

cxL An Ad for inclosing Land® in the Parift of Combr Saint Nicho-/«, in the County of Somerset.	Ibid*

cxIl An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Hilderstone, in the County of Stafford.	7£;V*

criii. An Ad to complete the Porpofes of an Ad, intituled An AQ for inclosing Lands in the Parijbes of Kirkdale and Helmfley, in the North Riding of the County of York*	Ibid.

crim. An Ad foe inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Welford, in the County of Bark**	Ibid*

edit. An Ad for veiling certain Common Fields and Wafte Grounds within the Town and Borough and Parifh of Tetbury, in the County of Gloucefiar, in Trustees, discharged of any Right of Common therein, and upon certain Trails declared thereof.	Ibid*

cxl?. An Ad for inclosing and reducing to a Stint, or for fub-dinding and inclosing several Commons and Wafle Grounds within the Lower Dirifioa of Hor tony in Ribblefdale, in the Parifh of Horton* in Ribbhfdale* in the West Riding of the County of York*	Ibid.

cxlri. An Ad for inclosing Lands in Scammonden* in the West Riding of the County of York.	Ibid*

orivii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Goutran, in the County of Kilkenny.	1043

cxlmL An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Tithings of East Overton and Lockeridge* and in the Hamfet Or Tithing of Fyfield, in the Parifh of Overton* in the County	of	Wilts.	Ibid.

radix. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Boxford* in the County of Berks* ,	Ibid*

cL An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Cumber* and in the Chapelry of South Hinekfey, in the County of Berks.	Ibid*

cli. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the several Manors of Nether-ball and Redory of BradJUld, in the Parifh of Bradfuld* in the County of EJfex.	Ibid*

die An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Manor or Townfbin of Tbmiou* in the Parifh of Tkortton* in the West Riding ot the Couftty of York*	Ibid*

dm. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Egham* in the County of Surry.	Ibid.

cbr. An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Townfbip of Prefion Patrick* in the Parifh of Bnrtoa* in the County of Wofbnorland*

ibid*

6f* An Ad for allotting Lauds m the Parifbtis of Broad Chalke and Ciilmarky fn the County of Wihe.	Ibid*

eftvi. An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Parifh of Eafi Bra* dtnham, in the County of Norfolk*	1044

Ant* An Ad for inclosing Linda within the Parifh of Fonlrt* in > the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

Arm. An Ad for inclosing Landa is the Parifh of Bealey* in the Comity of Kent*	Ibid*

dm* An Ad forin it} fifing Land* ift the Pasifb of Dtmingfbu* \n^to ComeyoCfi^bK ,	<	, URL

cbs An





sxvli

xxviii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

clx. An Aft for iuclofing Lands in the Manors of Great Chekxsorth • and Little Chelworlh, in the Farifhes of Crick lade Saint Sampjon and Cricklade Saint Mary, in the County of Wilts•	-Page IO44

clxi. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parilhes of Llandijiito and Llaneilian, in the County of Anglefea.	Ibid.

elxii. An Aft for incloiing Lands in the Parilhes of Aymefirey and ^ Kingsland, in the County of Hereford.	Ibid*

clxiii. An Aft for incloiing Coxheath, in the Parifhes of Boughton Monchelsea, Loose, Linton, East Farlcigh,	Farleigh and Hun*,

ton, in the County of Kent,	Ibid.

clxiv. An Aft for incloiing Lands in the Parilhes of lVargrave and Warfield, in the	County of Berks.	Ibid•

clxv. An Aft for incloiing certain Moor, Common and Waile Grounds, in the Parilh of Tunflal, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for converting the fame into Stinted Paflure, and other Purpofcs.	Ibid•

clxvi. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Townfhip of Church Coppenhall, in the Parilh of Coppenhall, in the County of * Chefler.	1045

clxvii. An Aft for reviving and confirming certain Powers given and granted by the Will of the late William Eger ton Esquire, deceased, over certain Parts of his Eftates thereby devised. Ibid. clxviii. An Aft to alter and amend an Aft made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for making a Canal from the Stort Navigation, at or near Bifhops Stortford, to the River Cam-

Ibid•

clxix. An Aft to amend and render more effectual an Aft palled in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better railing and securing a Fund for a Provifion for the Widows and Chilcjreu of the Miniftcrs of the Church of Scotland, and of the 'Heads, Principals and Mailers in the Univerhties of Saint Andrews, Glafgovs, Edinburgh and Aberdeen ; and for repealing Two Afts, made in the Seventeenth and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for these Purpofes.	Ibid•

clxx. An Aft to amend an Aft palled in the lait Selfion of Parliament, for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol and other Buildings for the County and City of Edinburgh ; for opening . Communications to the new Gaol, buildiog a Bridge over the Low Cult on; and for other Purpofes relating thereto, 1057 clxxi. An Aft for amending an Aft of the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for ellablilhing a Ferry over the River Thames from Greehwich, in the County of Kent, to the Ifle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex, and for making and maintaining Roads to communicate therewith.	Ibid.

chum. An Aft to repeal an Aft, palled in the Twenty first. Year of His present Majesty, for better maintaining and regulating the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock and Parilh of Stole Damarel, in the County of Denson, and for other Purposes, and granting further Powers in lieu thereof; for lighting, watching and otherwise improving the said Town and Parilh, and regulating Porters and Watermen therein.	1058

dxxiii. An Aft for paving, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the several Streets and other Public Places partly lying oa

the



XXIX

(Local far Perforiaf) 54* :GEO. III.

tk West Side of Maiden Lane, partly on the North Side of the Reno Road, and partly on the West Side of the Pancras Road near Battle Bridge, in the Parifh of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing BJuifanccs and Obftruftions therein.	page	1058

dniY. An Aft for repairing the Road from Seven Oats Common to Woodfgate, Tunbridge Wells and Kipping9s Cross, and from Tnhidge Wells to Woodfgate in the County of Kent,	Ibid\

diXT. An Aft for erecting a Shire Hall and Courts for the Admi-niftration of JufUce, and other Buildings for Public Purposes, for the County of Gloucester, and County of the City of Glouceffer.

Ibid.

chni. An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, tor improving the Navigation of the River 0s/', in the County of Sisffex.	Ibid.

dim. An Aft for more effe£iually draining and preferring certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parifhes of Stoke Ferry, Norlbnvold, Wret ton, Werebam, IVeft Dereham, Roxham, Fordham% Denver, Downham Market, Wimbotjham and Stow Bardolph, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

dxxTm. An Aft to enable The JBritifb Fire AJfurance Office to sue and be sued m the Name of their Secretary.	Ibid.

dixit. An Aft to enable The IVeftminJler Society for Infurance of 'Lives and Survivorship, and for granting Annuities, to sue and be feed in the Name of their Secretary.	1059

dxn. An Aft for repairing the Road from Potton in the County of Bedford, and Gamlingay, in the County of Cambridge, to Ejnesfarj, in the County of Huntingdon.	Ibid.

chin. An Aft for veiling the Settled E(bates of Thomas Grove the elder and Thomas Grove the younger, in the Counties of Radnor, Derby and Sdherfet, in Trustees, in Trufb, to be fold; and for hying out the Monies arising from such Sale hi the Pur-chafe df other Efbates, to be fettled to the fame uses. Ibid. dmi AriAftfor veiling an Eft ate of the Reverend Thomas Walker and Sarah his Wife, situate in or near the Borough of LAcdter, comprited hi the Settlement executed in pursuance of the Ankles entered into prewioufly to their Marriage, in a Truftee for&le. —	Ibid.

dntiir. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Portijhead, it the County of Smerfet.	Ibid.

choniv. An Aft' fsr inclosing the Borough Lands in the Parifh of Getejktad, in the County of Durham.	Ibid.

dint. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Bcilby, n the Pirilh of Hayton, in the Eafl Riding of the County of Tub.	Ibid.

dttivi. Air Aft for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three Afts passed in the Seventh, Eighth and Eighteenth Years of His present Majefty** Reign, for repairing ad widening the Roads from Oxford over Botiey Caufeway to P$eid in the County of Berks, and Witney in the County of Oxford; and for more effectually repairing and amending the ftosd from and out of the Witney Road at the Village of Botiey, > feto the find Road at or near Svsinford Bridge.	Lbid.

clxxxvii. An'

v^ooQle

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

^lxxxrii. A* Aft for the Sale of federal Mefluages and Lands ' in the Town of Northampton, and in the County of Buckingham, called Beckett7s and Sargeant** Charity Efiates, veiled in Trustees for charitable Purpofes} and for inveiling the Money arising fro in * the Sale thereof, in the Purchafe of Three Pounas per Cetftum Consolidated Bank Annuities, until a proper Purchafe of Real Eft ate can be found ; and in the mean Time for applying the Dividends and Annual Produce thereof upon the Trulls of the Charity; and for other Purpofes.	Pagt 1060

clxxxviiu An Aft for veiling the legal Ellate in Premifes in the Counties of Radnor and Kent, the Property of Samuel Lewin Esquire, upon the Ufes declared thereof, by Two several Indentures of Releafe and Common Recoveries fullered in pursuance thereof.	Ibid.

clxxxix. An Aft for incloling Lands in the Parilhes of Cardington and Church Stretton,	in the County of Salop.	Ibid.

cxc. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parilh of Yar-combe, in the County of Devon.	■' Ibid.

cxci. An Aft to enable the Governor, Deputy Governor and Direftors of the Society called 4 The British Society for extending the Filherie8, and improving the Sea Coails of the Kingdom,' to levy certain Rates and Duties on VelTeis frequenting their Harbours.	Ibid.

exciL An Aft to enable Edward Mafon of Edge hill, in the Parilh of Walton, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, to appoint a Curate to the new Church or Chapel of Edgehill, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	1066

Qxciii. An Aft for better paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Northampton ; and for taking down, widen-ing and rebuilding the Bridge over the River Nine or New at the South Entrance of the raid Towti> and improving the Avenues to the said Bridge.	Ibid.

Cxciv. An Aft for rebuilding the Workhoufe of the Parilh of Saint Ann Limehouse, in the County of Middlesex / and for amending an Aft of King George the Second, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Paving, and other Purpofes relating to the said Parilh.	/bid.

«xcv. An Aft to enlarge, alter and amend the Powers of the several Afts for making and maintaining the Forth and Clyde Navigation-

Ibid.

cxcvi. An Aft to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge of Com* mercial Improvements within the City and Port of Cork, in Ire-land.	Ibid.

PXcvii. An Aft to regulate the Price, Affize and Weight of Bread, and to provide for the due making thereof, within the City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties of the . fame.	Ibid.

agcviii. An Aft to explain and amend so much of an Aft, palled in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, as relates to building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Saltmarket Street in the City of Gla/gow ; and for regulating the Chimnies of Steam Engines, and other Works, in the laid City and Suburbs . thereof.	1092

tftcis* An Aft for altering, amending and enlarging an Aft faffed

in

CjOOQle

(\ Pfrjawl) 54* CIO.ill

, iatbeTaath of the Reign bf His present M a jetty, intituled An A^ for building 4 Bridge over the River Clyde, near the Twen of Hamilton, m the County of Lanark ; and for mating and repairing certain Road? and Avert nee leading to the fame ; and for building mid maintaining m place thereof another Bridge over the said River Clyde* farther up the River; and a Bridge over the . River Avon near its Jun&ion with the said River Clyde, with the neceffnry Road? and Avenues tp and from both Bridges.

Page 1092

tc. An A& u> continue and amend an Alt palled in the Thirty third Ynr of Hie prefeni Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road leading from the City of Glafgoou to Port Dnndat, and from Port founder to the High Road leading from the City of Glaf* gcvf to Garfcvbt Bridge, by Dobbie’e Loan, in the County of Lanark*	Ibid*

cri. An A£t for repairing the Roads from Harrowgate, through Ripley and Rigan* to Hutton Moor, and from Kirkby Hill Moor to Rigan, io the County of York.	Ibid.

cqL Aa A€t for repealing Several A &s passed for making and re<r pairing the Road from Livingdou, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the of City Glafgonp, and certain Roads connected therewith; and for making further and other Provisions for maintaining and repairing the laid Roads*	Ibid.

iciii. An A& for vetting certain Ettates Situate in the Counties of Hertford, Cambridge, Gloucester and Somerset, entailed by an Aft of Parliament of the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Henry the Eighth, in Trustees, upon Truft to fell the Same, and to lay out the Monies thence arising in the Pur* chafe of other Ettates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Ettates £0 fold.	Ibid.

cdv. Aa A£t for vetting certain Lands belonging to the Right Honourable Hugh Earl Fortefcuc, Situate in the Parish of FiL lejgb, in the County of Devon, and a Parfonage House to be built oq the Said Lands, in the Re&or for the time being of the said .	PariSh, in Exchange	for	the	Parfonage House and certain Glebe

*	Lands belonging	to the	Said	PariSh.	1093

•cv. Aa A& for amending Two several A6b of the Tenth and Thirty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Ettates devised by IVilham Hulme, Efquire ; and to enable the Trustees thereof to apply the Truft Monies in making an Allowance to and Provision tor the Exhibitioners of certain Exhibitions, founded by the said Teftator in Brazen Nofe Coliege, Oxford; aad also us founding and supporting a Lecture in. Divinity in the Said Coliege; and to (incorporate the said Trustees; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.	Ibid•

Ctvi. An A£i for vetting certain Ettates at Middleton, in the County of LaneaAer, devised bv the Will of the late Richard Caton deceased, in Trustees, to be fold; and for laying out the Monies thence anting, in the Purchafe of other Ettates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Ettates so fold.	Ibid.

Cm. An A& for incloSing Lands in AmcoH, in the PariSh of Amhnfden, in the County of Oxford.	Ibid.

Kriii. An A£t for the Improvement of the Square called Saint ' iV Green, ia the City of Dublin,	Ibid.

ccix. An

xxx





Tife TITLES of Ait STATUTES,

ccim dkitsAaft brinliing tHa ^PMb iwi wltering* andrjtnlaqpag tW Boiera of several Ads pafbd Jor repairing the Highwayaribe-»iWwem jybwm fd 'UmbridgOj ip the County of Mtddleftx, autlifer wanudiag the Rood leading fatal Strut Bridge y' lorer*IfanioeJl thaaagh dr Paii&t>ef HanmmUy ~frt%u iBrent/onMend ' Baling to* the great tWe&ern JM in, the fcfcKJcraoty ; «id for .: lighting, watching and watering the Highway between Tybtsm r a*d Kexfington Gravel Pits?'and far 1 exempting domain Carnage* from Payment of Toll.	^	Page MM3

ccx. An. Ad to enlarge the Term and Powers of T*4 A&s palled ta the Tenth and Thirty third Years of His present Majesty, for ' repairing the Highways from Speenbaadmnds iuMbe County jcof Beriiy to Marlborough, in the County of Wdtr ; wad fettral other Roads therein mentioned.	•	-m	**	>*..	< 1191

ocxi. An Ad for preventing the Right Honourable Charles Sail 's of Shrewjbury, and other Perfons claiming under the Arfkf'fer 1 * * entailing certain Edates with the Earldom of Sbrewjimryt, frouMiif-torbing certain Exchanges or Partitions heretofore madey of admail : Part of those Eftates by George late Earl of Sbrewjkmrf*. ♦ .Mid* ccxii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip or Hanrietjof Conocky in the Parifh of Chirton, in the County of < Wilts* ' 'Mid* ccxiii. An Ad for lighting and watching certain Parts oftbe > Liberties, Hamlets or Diftrids of Camberwell aad Pubham,

• in the Pariih of Saint Giles Camberwell, in the Couaty o£^ Sorry*

*	^	.	■	.	...	:atV-	Mud.

ccxiv. An Ad for improving certain Streets andrpfacea iwfthe Precind of Saint Katharine, and in the Parifh of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the County of Mtddiejen.^ :. •	bilked*

eexv. An Ad for more effectually repairing and. maintaining emtain •Roads and Bridges in the County of Lanark.	..	jJihid.

ccasvi. An Ad for empowering the Judges of the^Court of iieflioa 4 in Scotland to fell such Parts of the Entailed Eftates of Mmebity Ifauld and others, in the County of Caithnessbelongima to Sir John Gordon Sinclair Baronet, as shall be {ufficieat^for Ay-«.*ment of the Debts atteding the fame. - .	^	dbtd*

•exvii. An Ad for inclosing, and exonerating framTitbet^ Rands *• ia the Parifh of Great Honneady in the County of. Hertford*'Mid retain. An Ad for taking down the old Church, Tower .and Sfecpfe of the Parifh of Omberjley, in the County of Worce^eri and *.*vweeding a new Church, and enlarging the Church Yard}.'and .walso, for building a Workhoufc for the Poor of the (aid Parrtk.

Mid*

"taxis. An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Eigbtaenth Year •vof His present Majesty for making Drains and Sewers far carrying off the Water from the Prebendel Effete of Halliwell and FiajMtry -v-iia the Suburbs of the City of Londony and for pthev Patpafe* therein mentioned ; and to extend fame of the Pronfioat whereof to Part o£ the Holhorn Division, in the Gounty of Middle/**^ *095 tax. An Ad far paving, cleaning,, lighting, watching: and reflating the Streets and Public Places, within Part of the Precind of Saint Katherine, in the Copnty of Middlefcx.	Ibid*'

ocxxi. An Ad to explain and amend an Ad pafTed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for the more effedumi Improvement of the City of Dublin, and the Environs thereof. Ibid*

.	>	it	. fytCxzm* An



ike

the

*U5

'(Wtri^W) svGtD.BL mmL 4a Aft

dr Pnrifoof Bamdda*?*BWn* mm* AnAA iw altering, mumriing and at tour AA*df Hbprefapt ftiricftyfor imnmving tl ■tftef lkTUw Thw# Weftwmrd of London ifouggat i Lfaitk*,of tk Gky of London, and for further ingrowing the laid rNvtigmino *	Aid*

mm, As Afit for exchanging Parts of the Settled Eftates of the MoiJNobfe Charles Duke of Norfolk, for Fee Simple Eftates of the kid Sake and for exchanging’ other Parts of such Settled Efcties for Fte Simple Eftates of Char Us Goring Efquhre. Ibid, cm. An Afi for coafiramig the Annexation of the Re&ory of Fhogham, in the Comity of Norfolk, to the MafterJhip of Mag-risk* College* in the Univerfity of Cambridge,	Ibid*

on. An Ad for enabling the Reverend Sir Richard Hughoe Baronet to foil certain Parts of his Settled Estates, in the Counties tof fan j and Suffix, to the Moft Noble Charles Duke of Notsoli, “ J ^ applying the Money thence arising in the Purchafo of other i to he fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates so fold. Aid, An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parifti of fososo, izt-the County of Woreeder,	1116

uni. Aft Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Afo made in the Forty third and Forty iixth Years of His r, for the further Improvement of the Port of by making Docks and other Works at Blackball, for the Aconmndatioa of the Eq/i India Shipping in the (aid Port.

Aid*

ruix. An A& for paring, lighting, watching, cleaafing and regu-hasm ihr Smuts and other Public Places on the Eftate of Lord CaaLorfe, near Gray'* Inn Lane Road, in the Parifti of Slain Pmcrar, m the County of .  Middlesex.	it«7

An Aft for rebuilding or repairing the Bridge across the Fogle, or Laagh Foyle, at Londonderry, for ensiling the on of that City to raise Money for that Purpose; to the Advance ot a certain Sum of Money out of the Con-Find of Ireland, and for regulating the Fairs and Mar* Acts, and imploring die Race Courfe there.	Aid*

maxi. An A& for amending and continuing fereral A£U mode for the Improvement of the Lagan Narigation, and for further w the fame.	1138

An A€t to alter and amend so much of an Ad, made imne Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads in the Comity of Forfar, as relates to the Road from Dundee to<£W far, with its Branch to Meigle,	Aid*

mam* An Ad for extending the Powers of the federal A As for * ig the Turnpike Rond from Shoreditch Church, through to StamfordHill, in the County of Middlesex, to a new of Rond leading from Kingsland Green into the above Turnpike Rond at Hackney.	Hid,

Htbm* III,	%

xmriii



The TITLES of the STATUTES,

* . - ' '' • *

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

NOT PRINTED.

!• A N Aft for inclosing Lands in Longwood and D^anhead, 1\ both in the Parifh of Huddersfield\ in the West Riding of the Cqunty of Tori,

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes,*] t. An Aft for inclosing the Commons of Wain y Gyfir and'Alltyr Onotv, in the Parifh of Llanthew, within the Manor of Alexander? forte, and Mara Mota, in the County of Brecon•

3; An Aft for indemnifying Charles Grant Junior, Esquire, from certain Penalties which he has incurred by fitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the Oaths required "by Law to be taken before the Lprd Steward, pr his Deputy or Deputies.

4. An Aft to enable Sir William Payne Baronet and his Iflue, to take, r use and bear the Surname and Arms of Galwey, pursuant to th^ Will of Tobias Wall Galwey Esquire, deceased. f. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Pmifh of Inklerrow, in ihf County of Worcester.	^

0. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Dift* in the County of Norfolk.	\	^

7.	An Aft for inclosing Lands within the Parifiies of HemPstead, Barn* wood and Upton Saint Leonards, and the Hamlets of Barton Saint Mary, Barton Saint Michael, Wotton, Tqffley, South Hamlet and V3I of Wotton, all in the County of Gloucefler.

8.	An Aft for inclosing Lands within the Manor pf Hurley, in the Parifh of Kingsbury, in the County of Warwick.

9.	"An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of WcndUng, in th$ County of Norfolk.

10.	An Aft for naturalizing Francis Platamone Count Saint Antsn^o. it. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Binham, in the

County of Norfolk.

12.	'An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Hardwick, in the' County of Norfolk.

13.	An Aft for inclofing’Lands in the Parifh of Melton Parva other* wife Little Melton, in the County of Norfolk.

14.	An Aft for altering, amending and rendering more effectual an

Aft of His present Majesty (a), intituled An A3 for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Commonable Lands in the Parifbes Congrefbury, Week Saint Lawrence and Puxton, ip the County of Somerset.	(a)	[49	G.	3.	c.	14. PR.]

15.	An Aft for inclosing Lands within the Townfhip and Manor of Collingham, in the West Riding of the County of Tork*

.	for ma^tnS Comfenfation for Tithes.]

16.	An Aft for inclosing Lands within the Parifhes of Berkley and Standerwick, in the County of Somerset.

17.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Sastdon, in the « County of Stafford.

18.	An Aft for inclosing Lands within the Parifh of Sloley, in the County of Norfolk.

i§	An.





{Local ctflt Per final) riot printed) 54* GEO. HI.

19.	An Aft xfqr incloflne Lan4s iji the Parifli of Norton Canon, in the Cbunty-rf HerefordV

20.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Abler ley, in the County of Worccfler•

21.	An Aft for inclosing Lands within the Parifli of Quinton, in the Gouty of Northampton, and for extinguithing the Tithes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands within the said Parifli.

Leafes of Lands by ReSorf of Quinton and Courtenhall without Confent of His Majessy, his Heirs and Succejfors» as ^ Patrons of the laid Redories.

It. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifli of Sevenhampton, in the County of Glotuefter.

[fAnd for making Cornpenfation for Tithes.*] .

23.	An Aft to dissolve the Marriage of George Henry Green ECqmre, with Sarah Nijbet Rutherford his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

24.	An Aft for confirming and establishing the Diriflon and Inclofure * of certain Lands within the Parifli and Manor of Tarrant Keinjlon, in the County of Dorfit.

if. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifli of Hemlock, in the County of Devon,

26. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifli of Wicierfley, in the County of Tori.

[Andfor making Compcnfation for Tubes.]

27^ An Aft for inclosing Lands within the several Townfhip9 of Pluttwwtb, in the Parifli of IVath upon Dearne, and Kimberr worth, in the Parifli of Rotherham, in the County of Tori. x [Andfor making Compenfitionfor Tithes.]	tf,	‘

28.	An Aft for inclosing Lands m the Hamlet of Gretton, in the

Parifh of Whuhcomb, m the County of Gloucefler.	}

[Andfor making Compenfition for Tithes.]

29.	An Aft for establishing and confirming several Exchanges of Glebe Lindsy Sheep Paftures, Cow Paftures, Beaft Leazes a other Rights of Common belonging to the Reftory and Parifli Ckmch 0? BUmdford Saint Mary, in the Parifli of Blandford Saint Mary, in the'Countyof Dorfit, for Lands of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Carney ord the Father, and Thomas Lord Came (ford the Son, both deceased, and of the Right Honourable Wuliam Wymdham Lord Grenville, and Anne Baronefs Grenville his Wife, in the hid Parifh.

JO. An Aft for effeftoating an Exchange between the Provofl and Scholars of Oriel College in Oxford, and George Harris Efquire^ of certain Freehold Eflates in the County of Kent.	,

)x. An Aft for settling and securing the Lands and Barony of

BeUecbtoml Giryan, afcd otter Hereditaments, in the County of *

Ayr, to and in favour of Sir Hew Dalrymple Hamilton Baronet,

and the Scries of Heirs entitled to take, by certain Deeds of Entail

Bade by John Lord Bargany and John Hamilton Esquire, deceased,

wrier the Conditions ana Limitations contained in the said Deeds.

tad in lieu thereof, for veiling certain Parts of the entailed Eftate

of Bttgany lying in die raid County, in the (aid Sir Hew 1

DalrympU Hamilton Baronet and hit Heirs and Afsighs, in Fee

CBBieJ ■ * “

b a	33.	An



XXXV

xx*?*x>

Th* TTEJJES-rf the STATUTE^

3a. A&'fW^faldtfhirtg 'las W ftibKc Highway a* Road >An Kelfield, in the-feaft JUdmg dr the'Ctamty Yorky fet -efif tid# the tCtlfuld Iaalofure M (i) as* Private

Rtfd/’	a	"

fcMH/3' ^ m	3.	e-7T,	PR.}	-	A	::'% <*.

33.' A^A&fWaJkHtfog Lands in the ParWh of Th&rfiuiafi ititlik

Gobfetf of 'Lit&olri:' '	:	i<*	*1	:.n	:	/	.

[And/or making Compenfation for Ttrhit, No Lehfet of Land

34*

,i. *_

A h ^

County of Berks.

L	[Anti for making Compenfation for Tithe**]

35-uAif*Aft for mclofmg Lands in the Lordihip or. Manor rb£ Whitigader otherwise Whitagada, in the several Parifbes -<rf MergwUly, Llanegwad and Llanllemddogy in the County t>F% Carmarthen.	^	1	*n	\	j	to'

36.	\A* Aft for inclosing Lands in the H&mlet or ChapcJry of A^r-

the Parifhof Bredon, in the County of Worctfler*"*-for making Compenfation,for Tithes,^ ^ v urr

37.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in theParifhes of	i?ory£	nrx/

Ay If am and Tottington, in the County of Norfolk1	f; x- 1/

cio fin "	‘	“	'	‘	‘

38.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Tukfledd and ScA

Rvflon, in the County of Norfolk.	r. . i :Ji : :A i;\ „

39.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Pariflt of Sletehmxkthvih ther

GoUfky of Cambridge*	.	A

‘	.	1	[And for making Compenfation for Tithes*] »:;■ t f\ \ .

40/ An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Panfh of Fingxinghoe, in the Comxtyof EJex; "

41* Art1 Aft for indoftitg Lands in the Borough of Biyy^SainmEd• msmdt, in theConrtty of Suffolk. •	.	'	,	*	r^	'

49. Ah Aft for indoiing Lands in the Pari fh of Oreop, in the County of Hereford, -	•	v	v..

' -	[Ahd for making Compenfation forTithes.] ' . V

43. An A ft for inclosing a Piece of Common or Wafte Land in the Phtifo of Effingham, within the Manor of Ay feet t inthtCowAy





•1

a

IT]

'J

«*

ftl

h

»n

id

“-it

a.i

a

*4



>i

; 3

of Airftl

[Am for nt irking Compenfation for Tubes*. \All6tmefd ta^Mie Mayefiy or Lord of the -Manor of BydeeL No., Leaf of Lands, by Yicctr * of Effingham, •without Confast tef:- His hie Metre or Soecejore, as Patron of thef^d Tic a-rage.]	:	; . Ay •. VV

44.	An Aft for inclosing Land* in the several LordJhipa hfrMantfrs. * v of Llandih Patria, Llangaddck artd JAnafynydd^ r\\-the fidr&ai. Parifhes of Llandilofawr> Llaodefeifant, Llamdgadock add Lida* v* ^ fynidd, in the County of Carmarthen* ■ A '. * v ■ 't

45.	'An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Cobreqr* io tho**

Pariflt of Chicveieyi in the County of iferfr* ’	L	rL

46.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the- ParHh of Strenfiaihi, th€>

Coudty cf	M	^	s i . ■ c- j cj P. , -4A 8>

^And fbr-mdktng Gempcnfatinnfbr Tishtt.y

47* *An Aft for Jdiffolvfflg^the Mmiage of Samuel Authhnjt Atomwmii whi*	his	now	Wife	^fatr ^oy MiLeant 8fuifax\TMdZ

for enabling to marry ^ga»|-and fbr otherTPiuqiofe6 iMtiancd*

1	4S.	Aft

>1

s;

xxxfii

(L*al d&tisfamti	EO,	III.

4$. An Ad. to dissolve die Manage of f/*nr/ Pren4trgnM Garde _ £fq«ife**th Cathermr Garde his now Wife, and to enable him to ■fcry	<v^d>fiaK.	other P*rpp£$e therein mentioned.

49.	An Ad to aif^obfelthe Marriage of Thomas Bejl Esquire, with SUfy corAmonly galled the Right Honourable Lady Emily ( BeL his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and forc other Purpofes therein mfefltjoued. ~

50.	Am Ad for incloling Lands in the several Parifhes of ffenkrntgey Caxnocl a*d Bsjrhfwichy and the ejctraparochial Place of Ttddejley other wife Teddejley Hay, in the County of Stafford,

51.	An Aft for veiling in John Sommers Lord Sommers, his Heirs

(	and A Signs, the Right of Nomination and Prefentation of a Mi-

nifter or Curate to the Pariflt and Pariih Church of Stoultony in die County of Worcester. u«

52.	Ai Aft'for inclofuig Lands in the Pari/h of Bur •welly in tlie

County of Cambridge.	-NU:

<[Hh Majejly's Allotment may be fold before Execution of Award. Extra& of Award defer thing His Ma] efly's Allotment to he made and sent to Commiffxoners of His Majejly's Woods,

■ tar Foreds and Land Revenues.] .?	y

53.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip and Liberty of Blyihy in the County of Nottingham.

!	54.	Am	Aft for inclosing Lands in the several Parilhes oI Llatfainb

j	fnad rod Llanvtlh, in the County of Brecon.	;

[Ccmsufftcners of His Majejly's Woods, For {/Is a fid Land I	Revenues,	or Surveyor General of His Majejly's Land Reve-

nues, to appoint Affiflaut Commjjjioners for Manor of Wetyh Penkelly. Allotment to His Majesty, his Heirs and Suecefforjy |	as Lord of the fad Manor. Ex trad of Award relating to His

Allotment to be sent to Commif/toncrs of HU Majejly's Woodsy &c. or Surveyor General of His Majejly's Land Reve- 4 , nme. His Majejly's Allotment may be fold before Execution of Award. Provifo for His Majesty as Lord of the fasd * Manor.]	A	^

55.	Am Aft for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Weftcombbndy u» the Parifh of Buckland Saint Mary, in the County of SomerfeK

[His Majejly's Allotment may be fold before Execution of Award. ExlraS of Award defer thing His Majejly's Allotment to be made Tnsod sent to Commissioners of His Majejly'* Woods, r	-	Forejl^and Land Revenues, or Surveyor General of His

. . Xajejtys Land Revenues.]

56.	»An Aft for annexing the Vicarage of Almondjbury, in the County of Glouceffer, to the Bilhoprick and See of Brijlol.

yj. An Aft for effeftuating an Exchange of the Advowfon of the Reftory of the Church of Bignor% in the County of Sufsex, belong-n*:t# Him Majesty, for the Advowfon of the Reftory of the Church of North Scarle in the County of Lincoln, belonging to Gorge Obrien Earl of Egremont. jf. Am Aft to eiUblilh and confirm the Aflumption of the Sur-came and Ufe of the Arms of Powell by John Powell Powell, famailf John Powell Roberts Esquire, and to enable the Heirs of Hit Body to tike, uft and bear the Surname and Arms of powelly patfoafl* to the Will of John Powell Esquire, deceased.

S9- A»



Xfcitnf

of the4 STATUTES.

59. An Ad* for inclosing Land? in the Pari (lies of Wroth am arid" Ightham, in the County of Kent.

[Andfor making Compenfationfor Tithes

60.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the rarifli of 1Itrling, in th£ County of Kent.

61.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of flanrhaiadr, ia Kinmerch, in the County of Denbigh.

[Commijfoners of His Majefty9s Woods, For efts and Land Revenues, or Surveyor General of His Majeftyfs Land Revenue, /<? appoint qjftftant Commtjfoners. Extract of Award relating to Hts Majejly’s Allotment to be made'andfent to Coni-mi/Roners of His Majefty's Woods, or Surveyor General of Hts Majejly's Land Revenue. //m Majeftfs Allotment may Be fold before Execution of Award. Provtfo for His Majesty as Lord of the Lordjhip of Denbigh aits? Denbigh Land. Pro-vi/o /or Zftr Majeftys Right to Mines and Minerals ^2* An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhesof Wenden othefwife Wendens Ambo, and Ar kef den, in the County of EJfex.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes. J 6}. An Ad for rendering valid and effectual the Powers df Sale and Exchange, and for the Appointment of new Trustees in the Settlement made subsequent to the Marriage of the late Moft Honourable John Dennis Marquis of Sligo, with Louifa Catherine his Wife ; and for the other Purpofes therein mentioned*

<54. An Ad for more effectually carrying into Execution an Aft palled in the Fifty third Year (<z) of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled AnABfor vefttng a Leafehold Meftuage in Curzon Street, in the County of Middlesex, and other EjfeBs fettled by the Will of Dame Harriott Reade, dectafedin Trustees to be fold, and to lay out the Money thence ariftng in the Purchafe of other Eftates9 to be fettled in like manner•	taY [5$	3. c. 70. PjR.]

65. An Ad to dissolve the Marriage ot Robert Dundas Esquire, with Jane Rollo his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again$ and /or other Purpofes therein mentioned.

*

> i



J i * *' K * ’

(^.ooQle

Lately pubB/h,

I.

THE STATUTES AT LARGE,

FROM MAGNA CARTA TO THE UNION OF THE KINGDOMS OF GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

(41 Geo. III. 1800.)

Ilkd to the End of Henry VIII. By T. E. TOMLINS, Efq. Barriiler at Law. lad from that Period, By JOHN RAITHBY, Efq. Barrifter at Law.

In Ten large Volumes Quarto, Price 31/. lot. in Boards. „

ALSO,

ANOTHER EDITION OF THE SAME WORK,

In Twenty large Volumes 0<5tavo.

Price 21I. in Boards.

II.

THE STATUTES AT LARGE,

FROM THE UNION WITH IRELAND TO THE PRESENT TIME.

Tbe Qnirto Edition, 5 Volumes (including 54 Geo. III.) Price 14L 17s. 6d.in Board*. The O&avo Edition, in ia Volumes, Price 1 %l. 171. in Boards.

[Theie Editions are continued Annually f and any Volume or Seffion may yet be had separately.]

III.

AN INDEX

TO THE STATUTES AT LARGE,

from Magna Carta, to the Forty ninth Year of Geo. HI. inclufirew

By JOHN RAITHBY, Efq.

Of Lincoln’s Inn, Barriiler at Law.

h Mr* Volumes	Otiavo, Prkc 3/. 6*. in Boards.



v^ooQie

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

■n

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis,

Quinquagefimo Quarto.

*	A T the Parliament begun and holden at Wejlmtrfltrt the Twenty f jT~\^ fourth Day of November, Anno Domini 1812, in the Fifty

*	third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE f the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of

*	Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith ; And

*	from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Fourth

*	Day of November 1813; being the Second Seffion of the Fifth ? Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland?

CAP. I.

An AG to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Profecution of the War.

[24th November 1813.]

*	'IT7HEREAS it is highly important that the moil effedlua!'"’

*	W Meafures should be adopted for the vigorous Profecution of f the War upon the Continent of Europe $ and it is therefore expe-

*	dient that His Majesty should be empowered to accept any Offers ‘ of a Proportion of the Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Drum-

*	mers and Private Men, of the Militia of the United Kingdom, to ‘ serve in any Part of Europe^ or to transfer their Services to ? Regiments of the Line, under certain Regulations j' May it there-forepleafe Your Majesty that it may bje enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Loros Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the famei

That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to accept the Services, and His Majerty to employ in any Part of Europe, under the Regulations and Rei may accent vo-ftriftions specified in this Aft, such Part of the present Regular luutary Offer* of Militia of Great Britain, and of the Militia of Ireland, not exceeding ^opoition of m any case three fourths of the Number actually serving in any Regi- in any p^rtof& merit, Battalion or Corps of any such Militia, as may make a voluntary Europe.

Offer, duly certif}ftl by their respective Commanding Officers, of extending their Services to all Parts of Europe, and as His Majesty may think proper to permit to extend their Services in consequence of such voluntary Offers as aforesaid ; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signed by the principal Secretary of State, or by the Lard Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governor^ of Ireland, or by hit or their Chief Secretary, directed to the Commanding Officer cf any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Militia of Great Britain 54 Geo. III.	B	or



Bounty of Eight Guineas to Per-fons inakine voluntary Offer.

bath.

Enrolment.

Difcharge.

Commanding Officer* to explain that Offer is voluntary.

Services of Three Field Officers accepted with 900 Men; Two Field Officers with 600 Men; and One with 300, &c. and Proportion of other Officers according to Sftablifhmcut.

C. 1.

54* GEO. IH.

A.D.iST(f

or Ireland, to propose to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, ory MBy Part or Parts thereof, not exceeding such Proportion as aforefaity co extend their Services to all Parts of Europe, under such Rules and :~4-:tc Regulations as His Majesty may think fit to appoint.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct that a Bounty not exceeding Eight ■ [ Guineas shall be allowed to every Non Commiflioned Officer, Drum- 4*4$ mer and Private Man, who shall make such voluntary Offer as afore-

said; and every Non Commiflioned Officer, Drummer and Private ^ ,4 Man, making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid, shall take the ? ^ following Oath ; videlicet,

*	J A. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful

*	and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, his Heirs

€ and	Succeffors, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia in	,

*	any	Part of Europe, during the Remainder of the War, and until	^

*	the	Expiration of Six Months after the Termination thereof, to	:fe};

*	be	reckoned from the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty of	V ^

*	Peace, unless I shall be sooner discharged.*

And every Non Commiflioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man, making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid, and taking such Oath, shall be enrolled to serve in the Militia in any Part of Europe, according 2} to the Terms of such Oath ; and such ieveral Enrolments' shall take %st: place and such Oaths shall be administered, by the Officer commanding 1$^ any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, or by any Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Peace, at fuck Times, and under fucu Regulations, as His Majesty, by any Order to be signed by the Secre-tary of State, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Secretary, shall in that Behalf >4-dired or appoint; and every Non Commiflioned Officer, Drummer >'4 and Private Man, so enrolled to serve in the Militia in any Part of Europe, under the Proyifions of this Ad, shall be entitled to his ^ Difcnarge at the Expiration of the Period specified in such Oath, without any regard to the Period for which he shall have been enrolled to serve in the Militia under any former Ad or A ds of Parliament relating to the Militia, in any Part of the United Kingdom.	>	4

III.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon serving in the Militia of any Part of the United Kingdom shall be compelled to make such Offer, or be engaged to serve out of the United Kingdom 4-for which he is enrolled and serving, except by his own Consent; and , no Commanding Officer shall certify according to this Ad any voluntary Offer, before he shall have explained to every Perfon offering to ^ serve, that the Offer is to be purely voluntary on his Part.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for HU Majesty to accept the Services of Three Field Officers of any Regiment of Militia, in which Nine hundred Private Men shall offer to extend their Services under this Ad ; and of Two Field Officers of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, in which Six hundred Private Men shall so offer to extend their Services; and of One Field Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Ccrps of Militia, in which Three hundred Private Men, or Three Fourths of the Number of Private Men actually serving in any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, shall so offer to extend their Services; and its every case in which such Proportion of Field Officers of any Regi- ^ H*ot9 Battalion or Corps of Militia, from which such Numbers of

Mm

uooQle

AJ).I8l3.

54*GEO.IIL

C.I.

3

Mea respectively shall so volunteer as afore laid, shall not offer to extend their Services with such Men, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to give the Rank of "Field Officers to any Captains in such Regiments*

Battalions or Corps of Militia respectively, who may offer to extend their Services with such Men; and it shall also be lawful for His Majesty to accept the Services of such Proportion of other Officers*

Nod Commiffioned Officers and Drummers, with any such Numbers of Private Men as shall be allowed to such Numbers of Men refpedt-ively in the Eftablilhment of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which they respectively belong.

V.	And be it furtner enacted. That it shall be lawful for His HU Majefty

Majesty, from time to time to form the Officers, Non Commiffioned	^

Officers, Drummers and Private Men, who shall so extend their tended Service* Services from the Regiments, Battalions or Corps of Militia, into into Provifional such Provilional Regiments or Battalions as may be deemed moll Regiments or expedient for His Majefty's Service : Provided always, that in all Battalion*, cases in which a Field Officer of Militia shall have volunteered for

Extended Service in any Part of Europe, the Officer having the Chief Command in such provilional Battalions shall be a Field Officer of Militia.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Officer of the Rank of Militia shall, while out of the United Kingdom upon any such Otfker*, Extended Service, rank with the Officers of His Majefty’s Regular Forces higher than as a Lieutenant Colonel of the Militia.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any case in In what case which the Number of Officers of each Rank so volunteering to extend Hh Ma,e.fty their Service* to any Part of Europe, and accepted by His Majesty,

(hail not be in due Proportion to the Number of Men io volunteering, it Hull be lawful for His Majesty to appoint any fit and proper PerfonB to be Officers in such provilional Battalions of Militia without regard to the Qualifications now required by Law for such Officers in the Militia, and from time to time to supply any Vacancies which may occur in such provilional Battalions of Militia in consequence of the Death, Re fig nation or Difmiffal of any such Officer who shall have been so appointed by His Majesty : Provided always, that no Perfon Provifo. so appointed by His Majesty (nail hold a Commiffion in any such pro-rilkmal Battalion of higher Rank than that of a Subaltern, unleis he shall at the time of such Appointment have been an Officer of His Majefty’s Regular Forces or Militia ; Provided always, that nothing Provifo. heron contained shall be construed to affect the Appointment of Officers, a* by Law eftabliffied, in any case of Vacancy which may occur in conlequence of the Death, Refignation or Difmiffal of any MiLtia Officer who may have volunteered for Extended Service in Europe.

VIII.	And be it further enabled,, That all Commiffioned Officers Officers, whoso of the Militi», whose Offers of extending their Services to all Parts Offers of Ex-cf Europe under the Provifions of this A6t shall be accepted by His lended Service Majesty, /hall be entitled to Half Pay according to the Ranks in Xtafeentl" which their Services shall be accepted to serve out of the United t|ed to Half Kingdom, in like manner and under such and the like circumstances Pay. Penfiom

Officers of His Maiefty'g Regular Forces j and the Widows of to Wid ows of til such Commiffioned Officers killed in such Extended Service shall officcrt*

'be entitled to receive such Penfions for Life as are given to Widows if His Majefty*! Regular Foroes: Provided always, that no Officer

Bi

who

4

C. i.

Subje ft to Mutiny Aft. Officers a»d Officers of Regulars fitting on Courts Martial.

How far to remain fuhjeft to Militia Regu* iations.

His Majesty may make Regulations for retaining Officers, See. as Supernumeraries.

Number of Men in a Company. His Majesty imy appoint Officers from Militia, and make Battalions of Companies, lec.

54* GEO. III.

A.D;i8i3*

who shall be appointed to supply any Vacancy which may arise in the Militia on such Extended Service shall be entitled to such Half Pay, unless he shall actually join the Militia upon such Extended Service.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all Officers, Non Commif-fiooed Officers, Drummers and Private Men, of the Militia extending their Services as Militia tq any Part of Europe, shall, upon leaving the United Kingdom upon such Extended Service, and during such Service until their Return to the United Kingdom, be subject to all the Laws in force for the Puqifhment of Mutiny and Defertion, in like manner in every respect as His Mainly’* Regular Foroes; and all Officers of His Majefty’s Regular Forces (tiaU be entitled to fit iq any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer Non Commiffioned Officer, Drummer or Private Man of the Militia, while so serving out of the United Kingdom under this Aft; and all Officers ot the Militia shall, during such Extended Service, be entitled to fit in any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier of His Majefty* s Regular Foroes; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Militia enrolled and formed for Extended Service as Militia to any Part of Europe under this Aft shall, notwithstanding such Extenfion of Service, remain subject to all the Provifions and Regulations in force, in relation to the Militia to which they shall respectively belong

^in such cases as are in this Aft particularly fpecined), and entitled to all such Privileges and Immunities, and to such Provifions for their Wives and Families, as if they had continued serving as Militia in the United Kingdom.

XI. And be it further enafted* That it shall be lawful for Hi$ Majesty from time to time to make such Regulations as His Majesty may deem moll expedient in relation to the retaining upon the Ellablifiiment of the Militia to which they belong, as Supernumeraries or otherwise, any Officers, Non pommiffioned Officers and Drummers, of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, as may nqt so volunteer to extend their Services to any Part of Europe, or as may not be so employed upon such Extended Service; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to the Militia, and the officering of the Militia, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That where any Number of Private Militia Men shall be desirous -of enlifling into any Regiment of the Line of His Maiefty’s Regular Forces which may be appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, as a Company or Companies of not leis than One Hundred Men to each Company, and His Majesty shall have signified H13 Intention of granting Commiffions in His Majefty’s Regular Forces to any Officer or Officers actually serving in the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, from which any fuck Company or Men shall volunteer to serve as aforesaid in Hi a Majefty’s Regular Foroes, as Captain, Lieutenant and Enfign pf any such Company, that in every such case it shall be lawful for such Men to enlist as such Company or Companies as aforesaid $ and iip every such case it shall be lawful for any Number of Non Com-miffioned Officers, Corporals and Drummers of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, not exceeding Five Serjeants and Six Corporals to every Hundred Men, to enlist with any such Com-

pany

C^ooQle

C. i.

s

ID. 1813.	540 GEO. III.

pany of Men as aforesaid ; and every Colonel and Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, is hereby required td discharge such Non Commiflioned Officers, Corporals and Drum-rm, as shall be desirous of enlisting as aforesaid, not exceeding such Number as aforesaid • and it shall be lawful for His Majesty to attach such Company or Companies of Men to any Regiment of the Line of His Majefty’s Regular Forces so appointed by Hi9 Majesty, or to join together any Number of such Companies, and form the fame into an additional Battalion or additional Battalions of any such Regiment as aforesaid, and in such case to appoint fuch* tad such Number of Field and Staff Officers to any such Battalion or Battalions as His Majesty shall think necessary : Provided always, Provifo. that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any*

Number of Men less than One Hundred, from enlisting as Part of a Company into any Regiment so appointed by His Majesty, under such Regulations with refpe£l to the Proportion of Officers and Non Commjffioned Officers, as His Majesty riiay think fit to appoint.

XIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Ferfon Certain Perfon (erring in the Militia, who shall be usually employed as Adjutant's

Clerk or Regimental Clerk, or as a Drummer, or as a Mufician in of Commanding

the Band of the Regiment of the Militia to which he shall belong. Officer.

or shall be usually employed as an Armourer in any such Regiment,

or wHo Anil have been trained as an Artillery Man or Matross, and

as such /hill be attached to any Artillery belonging to any Regiment

of Militia, not exceeding Twenty Men in each Battalion, shall bfe

entitled to his Difcharge, or to enlist into the Regular Forces as

aforesaid nnder this A&, unless he shall obtain the Content for that

Purpofe of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment of Militia

in which be shall be then serving.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That ft shall be lawful for the Commanding

Commanding Officer of any Regiment of Militia to refute to dif-	rc~

charge any Private Militia Man, who shall desire his Difcharge for Men upon Tuf! the Purpofe of being enlisted into the Regular Forces under this ficient Caufe. Ad, upon assigning m Writing to the General Officer commanding

in the Diftri& within which such Regiment of Militia shall be quartered, or to the Adjutant General of His Majefty's Forces where there shall not be such General Officer as aforesaid, such Caufe for his Refufal as shall be deemed sufficient by such General Officer ot Adjutant General, as the case may be.

XV.	Provided alwayt, And he it further enacted, That if any In what case Perfon discharged frond the Militia for the Purpofe of being enlisted Perr°ns dif-into His Majefty's Regular Forces under this A6t, shall notwith- timte to hcio°n~ (landing refute to enlist purfuatit to ady Declaration of being defirouS to Regiment”8 to enlist, so made by him as aforesaid, or shall n«3t be approved from which dif-of by the Officer appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, then charged.

and b every such cafe* such Perfon shall continue to belong to the Regiment of Militia from which he shall have been so discharged for the Purpofe of enlisting ad aforesaid, notwithstanding any such Difcharge.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That every Pfcrfdn who shall tte Nofp*r^on tobt enlisted to serve b any Regiment so named and appointed as aforefaid

tall fcrve b the Regiment in which he shall have originally enlisted wbfch cnUftej.

B 3	to





6	C.I.	54*	6EO.	m.	A.D.1813.	^

to serve, and in no other Regiment whatever; and no Perfon enlisting f * in any such Regiment shall, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, t be drafted into or serve in any other Regiment without his Consent, 1 except in some Garrifon or Veteran Battalion, in case it shall be necessary or expedient to transfer such Perfon into any Garrifon or -Veteran Battalion on account of his being disabled, or for any other fuflicient Caufe.	C

Militia Officers XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every serve inCRe8ular	Officer volunteering to serve in His Majefty’s Regular Forces	^

Force* to have	^th anv such Company of Men as aforesaid shall, upon his Reduftion,	^

Half Pay.	be entitled to and receive the Half Pay of the Rank in which he (hall	”il

have been serving at the time of his Reduftion.

Number of Men XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the total t?ken from Numbers of Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and exceed "0*000.	^>r'vate Men, to be raised under this Aft, either by extending their	Vy

cec 30,	Services to Europe as Militia, or by Enliftment by Companies into	;rj

such Regiments of the Line as may be appointed by His Majesty „_L. for that Purpose, shall not exceed Thirty Thoufand ; and that tne Number of Men to be raised under this Aft in any Regiment,	^

Battalion or Corps of Militia, either by extending their Services	^

to Europe as Militia, or by Enliftment by Companies into such ^ Regiments of the Line as may be appointed by His Majesty for that	£

Purpose, shall in no case exceed Three fourths of the Number of	/

Private Men actually serving in any such Regiment, Battalion , or Corps.

5tO.3- cc.ip. XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Militla cnlUtmg	*n Aft contained shall affest, or be construed to affest, any of	'

into the Line, to	the Provisions, Claufes or Regulations contained in the several Afts	'

continue in force, passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, exre» t in the	the one intituled An ASf to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia

*■ cs*[e	of Great Britain to enlijl annually into the Regular Forces ; and

m * to provide for the gradual Reduction of the /aid Militia; and the other, intituled An A3 to amend the fevered A8s for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland, or any of the Provifions or Regulations now in force, for allowing the Militia of any Part of the United Kingdom to enlist into His Mijefty’s Regular Foroes, except in such cases as* are in this Aft particularly and especially specified and provided: Provided always, that in any Volunteering from the Militia, which may be ordered by His Majesty, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or for any succeeding Year, under the Provifions of the aforesaid Afts of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, if He shall think fit, to order and direct that the Number so permitted to enlist into the Regular Foroes, may transfer their Services into that Part of the Militia • serving in Europe, or may enlist as Companies, or Parts of Companies, into the Regular Foroes, under the Provifions of this Aft, in the manner herein preferibed, without regard to the specific Quota - which each Regiment, Battalion or Corps is by the aforesaid Afts required to furmfti.

Frorifofar	XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing

Leodou Militia, in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the London Militia*	[&r 54 G.3. r.38. § i.l

XXI* And



XXI. And be it further enacted, That this A61 may be altered, mended or repealed* by any Ad or Ads to be made in this present Seffioa of Parliament.

e. 17. pojl, A3 explained and amended, and extended to Regiment of Minerj of Cornwall and Devon, c. 20. pojl, fee c* 38. pojl.]

CAP. II.

An Ad for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Matt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain ; and on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Estates, in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[26th November 1813.]

* XXXIX. And whereas by the said Ad passed in the Thirty

*	eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 A3 for making perpetual fubjeS to Redemption and Purchafe in 4 the manner therein fated, the several Sum of Money now charged 4 in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty 4 fftb Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight,

*	it was enacted, that the several Duties imposed on Sugar by Three

*	Ads of the Twenty seventh. Thirty fourth and Thirty feventh

*	Yean of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Ad 4 made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His prefent

*	Majefty, and the Duties of Excife on Tobacco and Snuff, by an 4 AA made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, should continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day 4 of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and no

*	longer, but should from thenceforth cease and determine, unless 4 the fame should be specially continued by Parliament, which said 4 several Duties were by an Ad made and passed in the Thirty 4 ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 A8 for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penfions,

4 OJucs and Perfonal EJlates, in England, Wales and the Town of 4 Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco 4 end Snuff, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred 4 osld ninety nine, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of 4 March One thousand eight hundred, and which by several lub-4 feqnent Ads, were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day 4 of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven: And whereas 4 by an Ad passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His 4 present Majesty, intituled An A3 for repealing the several Duties 4 of Cujhms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other 1 Date* in lieu thereof the said several Duties on Sugar were 4 repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar in lieu thereof:

4 Aad whereas by another Ad, passed in the Forty third Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to repeal the 4 Duties of Excife payable in Great Britain, and to grant other 4 Duties tn lieu thereof \ certain of the said Duties on Licences to 4 be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain 4 Dudes on Tobacco, were repealed, and other Duties granted in 1 Beti thereof: And whereas the said Duties granted by the said 1 hft recited Ads were continued until the Twenty fifth Day of 4 March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen: And whereas

B4	‘the

Aft titered, ic.

38 O.3. c.60. §108.

27 G. 3. c. 13. 34 O.3. c.4. 37 G. 3. c. is-170.3. c.4. 19 G.3. c. 68.

39 G. 3- c.3.

490.3- c-9*

I*. 7.

Duties 00 Sugar, See. continued.

43 o. 3.

»«.

v^ooQle

I

j3yG-3. c.jij.

Parate ^couau

$3 0.3. c. 114.

\ %. repealed.

Time within which Tokenj to circulate.

£.2,3,4.	540	GEO.	III.	A.D.	18131

r the said Duties on Sugar, and the laid Duties on Malt, Tobacco

*	and Snuff, together with the said Duties relating to Licences and 4 Tobacco, were by an Aft passed in the Fifty third Year of the

*	Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the Twenty 4 fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen £

Be it further enabled, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and the said Afts granting and continuing the fame, and alL the Provifions thereof, fhafl be and the fame are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and all Monies arising thereby which shall be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

{This A8, except the Otniffion of the Words “ ly the Authority aforefaid” in Scfiion 2. and the Claufe above infer tea is Jtmilar to 53 G.3. c.15.]

C A P. III.

An Aft for railing the Sum of Twenty two Millions by way of Annuities.	[26th	November 1813.]

[See c.S. pofl. 24,000,0001. raised r.76. pojl. and 3,000,000b for Service of Ireland, c.%$. pojl.~\

C A P. IV.

An Aft to continue until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament* an Aft passed in the last Seffion of Parliament, intituled, An AB to continue and amend an AB of the present SeJJion, to prevent the ijfuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver, or other Metal9 usually called Tokens, except such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland refpeBively.	[26th November 1813.3

4 TT7HEREAS an Aft passed in the last Seffion of Parlia-4 VV ment, intituled An A8 to continue and amend an Ad 4 the present Seffion, to prevent the ijfuing and circulating of Pieces

*	of Gold and Silver, or other Metal, usually called Tokens, except 4 such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland refpec-

*	tively : Ana whereas it is expedient that the Period limited in

*	the laid recited Aft for the Circulation of Pieces of Gold or Silver 4 and mixed Metals, in the said recited Aft specified and denominated 4 Tokens, should be fuither extended ;* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That so much of the said recited Aft as prohibits the Circulation of any such Tokens as are in the said recited Aft deferibed, after Six Weeks from the Commencement of this Selfion of Parliament, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And 1 it further enacted, That, from and after Six Weeks from the Comniencement of the next Selfion of Parliament no Piece

of

«V1 - _





9

AD. 1813.	540 GEO. III.	C.	4.

tf Gold or Silver, or of any mixed Metal composed partly of Gold or Silver, of whatever Name the fame may be, shall pals or circulate as a Token for Money, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof is entitled to demand any Value denoted thereon, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Mark or otherwise, whether such Value is to be paid or given in Money or Goods, or other Value, or in any manner whatsoever; and every Perfon who ihall, after Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next SelTion of Parliament, circulate or pass as for any nominal Value n Money or Goods any such Token, shall, for every such Token (q circulated or palied, whether such Perfon shall be or have been concerned in the original Iffuing or Circulation of any such Token, or only the Bearer or Holder thereof for the time being, forfeit any Sum not less than Five Pounds nor more than Ten Pounds, at Penalty, the Difcretion of such Juftice or Justices of the Peace who shall hear and determine such Offence j provided that nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Perfon from presenting any such Token for Payment to the original Iffuer Original bluer, thereof, or to discharge or excuse any such original Iffuer from his Liability to pay the fafcne.

III. And be it therefore enacted, That all Perfons who shall have bluer, of Local originally issued or have been concerned in the original I (Tiling or Tokens liable to Circulation of any such Tokens, and their respective Executors and Pay fame by Adminiirators, shall be and they are hereby declared to be liable Law*

m Law, upon Demand made of the Value denoted upon the Tokens issued by such Perfons respectively, to pay the fame 5 and the Amount of Money or Value denoted upon any such Tokens, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks or otherwise; may be recovered by the Bearer or Holder hereof, in any Aftion of Suit against the Perfon or Perfons who shall have originally issued or been concerned in the original Iffuing of Circulation of such Token, in like manner as the Amount or Value of any Promiffory Notes payable to Bearer, and iffuable by Law, may now be recovered; to pay off or discharge the lame.

IV.	Provided alwayd, and be it further enacted, That nothing IflTue ofPromif-in this Aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Tory Notes authorize or make legal the issuing of any Promiffory Note, not under aoi* being a Token composed of Gold or Silver, or of mixed Metal

compofed partly of Gold or Silver, which cannot noW be issued by Law.

V.	Provided always;	and be it further	enacted, That	nothing	provifofor

in this Aft contained	(hall extend, or be construed to	extend.	Tokens of Bank

to any Tokens iffued	or circulated by	or under the	Autho-	of England	or

rity of the Governor and Company of tne	Bank of England, or	Irclaud-

by or under the Authority of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland respectively; or in arty manner to affect any such Tokens, or the Circulation thereof; or to subject any Company or Companies', or Perfon or Perfons, to any Penalty for issuing or circulating any futh Tokens.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That all Penalties arid Forfei- Penalties ho# tunes imposed by this Aft shall and may be recoverable and re- recovered, towered, and levied and applied, in like manner and by such Means as die Hke Penalties and Forfeitures are n ..le recoverable by the (aid recited Aft; and all the Powers, Authorities, Clauses,

Matters

kjOOQle

Matters and Provisions, in the said recited Aft contained or referred to, shall be and remain, and continue in full force, and be applied and executed for the enforcing the Provifions of this A61, and for the recovering and applying of any Penalties and Forfeitures under this Aft, as fully and effectually as if all fucli Powers, Authorities, Claufes and Provifiona, were severally and Separately re-enafted in and made Part of this Aft.

A& titered, Sec. VII. And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be palled in the present Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. V.

z o. x. sut. a. ci 3.

13 Car. %. Sut. %. c.x.

as Car. a. c. a.

30 Car. a. Sut. a.

t C. x. c 6.

An Ad to indemnify such Perfons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Pur-pofes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen; and to permit such Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attomies and Solicitors to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.	[6th	December	1813.3

*	TT7 HE REAS divers Perfons, who, on account of their Offices,

*	VV Places, Employments or Profefiions, or any other Caufe or

*	Occafion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oath or Aftu-

*	ranee respectively appointed to be by such Perfons taken and

*	subscribed, in and by an Aft, made in the First Year of the

*	Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, of glorious € Memory, intituled An AS for the further Security of His Majefly's 9 Perfon and Government, and the Succeffion of The Crown in the 9 Heirs of the late Princefs Sophia, being Protejlants ; and for ex tin-

*	gu*fotng the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open 9 andfecret Abettors; or to have qualified themselves according to

*	an Aft, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King

*	Charles the Second, intituled An AS for the well governing and 9 regulating of Corporations ; or to have qualified themselves accord-

*	ing to another Aft, made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign 9 of King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for preventing the 9 Dangers which may happen from Popijh Recufants by receiving 9 the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according to the Ufage of the 9 Church of England, and making and fubferibing the Declaration 9 against Tranfubjlantiation therein mentioned (a); or according to

*	another Aft, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King 9 Charles the Second, intituled An AS for the more effeSual prefers 9 ing The King’s Perfon and Government, by disabling Papifls from € fitting in either Houle of Parliament; or according to another Aft,

*	made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King 9 George the First, intituled An AS for granting the People called 9 Quakers such Form of Affirmation or Declaration as may remove

(a) [TbeTitb of 25 Car.2. c.i. on the Roll is 99 An Aft for preventing Dangers which may happen front Popifh Recufants.”]

9 the



XI

AD.i8i3-

54* GEO. III.

C. s*

*	the Difficulties which many of them lie under; or according toano-

*	ther Ad, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late 9 0.1. c. 26.

4 Majesty King George the Second, intituled An A3 for indemnifying

*	Perfons who home omitted to qualify themselves for Offices within 4 the time limited by Law, and for allowing further time for that

*	Purfo/e; and for amending so much of an Ad, faffed in the 9 Second Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, as requires Per•

9 Jons to qualify themf elves for Offices before the End of the next Term 9 tr Quarter Seffions ; and also for enlarging the time limited by Law,

4 for making and subscribing the Declaration againjl Tranfuhjlantia-

*	tic s ; and for allowing a further time for Inrolment of Deeds and 4 IVills made by Pabifts ; and for Relief of Proteflant Pur chafers,

4 Devifees and Lejfees; or according to another Ad, made in the

4 Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George 18 G.a. c.xo 4 the Second, intituled An Ad to amend and render more effectual an 4 Ad faffed in the Fifth Tear of His frefent Majefly’s Reign, in-9 tituled An A3 for the further Qualification of Jufiices of the Peace ;

4 or according to another Ad, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign 6 G.J. c.53*

4 of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for altering the Oath of 4 Abjuration, and the Affurance ; and for amending so much of an A3,

4 made is the Seventh Tear of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen

•	Ante, intituled An Ad for the Improvement of the Union of the 4 Two Kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the 9 Delivery of certain Lifts and Copies therein mentioned to Perfons 4 iadiSed of High Treason, or Mijfrifion of Treafon ; have, through

*	Ignorance of the Law, Abfence or some unavoidable Accident,

4 omitted to take and subscribe the said Oaths and A durance, and 4 make and subscribe the Declaration required by Law or other*

4 wife to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within iuchTime, and in 4 such Manner, ?s in and by the said Ad respectively, or by 4 any other Ad of Parliament in that behalf made, is required,

4 whereby they have incurred, or may be in Danger of in-4 earring, divers Penalties and Difabilities For quieting the Minds of His Majefty’s Subjeds, and for preventing any Inconveniences that might otherwise happen by means of such Otmf&oos, be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by aad with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiem-

bkd, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every Perfon Eerions omlt-or Perfons who, at or before the palling of this Adi, hath or shall have omitted to take and subscribe the said Oaths and Declarations, fore oi or to receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, or otherwise to Ad; qualify him, her or themselves, within such time, and in such manner as in and by the said Ads, or any of them, or by any other Ad of Parliament in that behalf made, is required, and who, after accepting any such Office, Place or Employment, or undertaking any Profemon or Thing on account of which such Qualifications ought to have been had, and is required, before the passing of this Ad, hath or have taken and fubferibed the said Oaths, or made the Declarations required by Law, and also received the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, according to the Ufage of the Church of England, or who, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou- . .... fend eight hundred and fisteen, shall take and subscribe the said *r ^ch Oaths, Declarations and Affurance respectively, in such cases where- *5> 1815, qUa-

ia My thqpulyes,

CjOOQIC

12

indemnified acainlt Forfeitures.

In by Law the said Oaths, Declarations and Affurance, ought td have been taken and fubferibed, in such manner and Form, and at or in such Place or Places as are appointed in and by the said Aft, made in the First Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, or by any other Aft or Ads of Parliament, in that behalf made and provided, and also hath or have received, or, /hall, on or before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand, eight hundred and fisteen, receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper,, according tb the Ufage of the Church of England, in such cases wherein the said Sacrament ought to have been received, and hath or ought to (a) have made and fubferibed, or shall, on or before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and. fisteen, make and subscribe the said Declaration against Tranfubftan-tiation, and also hath or have made and fubferibed, or shall, on or before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight, hundred and fisteen, make and subscribe the said Declaration in the, said Statute made in the Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, in such cases wherein the said Declaration ought to have been made and fubferibed, or take and subscribe the Oath directed by the said, Aft made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, in such cases wherein the said Oath ought, to have been taken and fubferibed, in such ihanner as by the laid. Aft is dirested, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Dilabilities, incurred, or to be inciirred for or by reason of any Negleft or Omission, previous to the palling of this Aft, of taking or fubferibing the said Oaths or Affurance, or receiving the Sacrament, or making or fubferibing the laid Declaration, or takiug or fubferibing the laid Oath according to the above mentioned Afts, or any of them, or any other Aft or Afts; and such Perfon and, Perfons is and are* and fttall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to thd fame State and Condition as he, /he or they, were in before such Negleft dr Omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her or themselves, according to the above mentioned Afts; and every of them; and that all Eleftions of, and Afts done or to be done by any such Perfon or Perfons, of by Authority derived from him, her or them, are and shall be of the fame Force and Validity as the fame, or any of them, would have been if such Perfon or Perfons respectively had taken the said Oaths or Affurance, and received the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, and made and fubferibed the said Declarations, and taken and fubferibed the said Oath according to the Direftions of the said Afts, and every or any of them5 and that the Qualification of such Perfon or Perfons, qualifying themselves in manner and within the time appointed by this Aft, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, as effectual as if such Perfon or Perfons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Affurance, and received the Sacrament, and made and fubferibed the said Declaration, and taken and fubferibed the said Oath, within the time and in the minneir appointed by the several Afts before mentioned. (4) [Query. The Words " ought to.’*] * II. And whereas several Penons well affected to His Idajefty’a

*	Government, and to the United Church of England and Ireland

*	have, through Ignorance of the Law, neglested, or been by Sick* 9 riefs or other unavoidable Causes, prevented from taking and

« fubferibing





,AJ).i8i3»	54°	GEO.	III.

C'J« 1}

*	fobfcribing the Declaration, and from receiving the Sacrament

*	of the Lord's Supper, and delivering a Certificate thereof ac-1 cording to the Direftiohs of an Aft passed in the Parliament of

*	Ireland in the Second Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty a Ann. (I.) c.6.

1 Qaeen Anne, intituled An AS to prevent the further Growth of

*	Popery ;* Be it therefore further enacted, That all Perfons who Negle&ing to

kve incurred any Penalty or Incapacity in the said recited Adi qualify agreeable mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the 10	A<^-

hid A ft, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed and difcharged

from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred before March

by reafoo of such Omiffion or Negleft as aforesaid; and that no 25,1815, iq„

Ad done by any of them not yet avoided, shall be questioned or damnified.

avoided by reason of such Omiffion or Negleft, but that all fuch

Ads shall be and are hereby declared to be good and eflfeftual, as

if Inch Perfons respectively had taken and subscribed the said Oath,

and received the said Sacrament, and delivered the Certificate thereof,

and made and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, at

such Time, Place and Manner, as in the said Aft is mentioned; any

thing in the said Aft to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided Provifq,

always, that such Perfon or Perfons do and shall take and fubfcribe

the laid Oaths, an<J make, repeat and subscribe the said Declaration

in such Manner and Form, and in such Place or Places refpeftively

as are dxre&ed and appointed by the said last recited Aft, on or

before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred

and fifteen.

TIL Provided always, That this Aft, or any thing herein con- Not indemnified tafaed, shall not extend, or be construed to extend* to indemnify for any Penalty any Perfon against whom final Judgment shall have been given, in Jr Aakm of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Mafefty’s Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by hayjng negWfted to qualify himself within the time limited by Law.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Not to exempt contained in this Aft shall extend or be conllrued to extend to Juflices a^in^ exempt any Juflice of the Peace within Great Britain from	legal

the Penalties to which he iB subject for acting as such without being ^ua cat,on* poffeifcd of the Qualification required by the Laws now in force.

4 V. And whereas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the Appointment?

*	Peace, Town Clerks, and other public Officers, and the Admiffiops

1 of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations and Bo- March^.jSis*

*	rough Towns in Great Britain, or the Entries or such Admiffions

*	in the Court Books, Rolls or Records of such Cities, Corpora-

*	tkms and Borough Towns, which by several Afts of Parliament

*	are directed and required to be {lamped, may not have been pro-

*	vsded, or the fame not llamped, or may have been loft or mifjaid ;*

Be it further enacted. That, for the Relief of such Perfons whose ^Appointments and Admissions, or the Entries of whose Admiffions as aforefiud, may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the fame have been loft or mistaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Perfons in Great Britain, on or before die Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, to provide or cause to be provided, Appointments, and Admissions, or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly llamped; or, in case where such Appointments, Admiffions or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not

been





confirmed, and qualified to a& as Clerk, kc. of Corporations, kc.

Offices enjoyed, and indemnified from Penalties, kc. of Omiflfions.

Not to extend to reltore Pcrl'ons to Office avoided by Judgment.

filing Affidavits before Hilary Term 1815,

C.5.	54°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

been duly stamped, to produce such Appointments, Admiffions or x Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, to the Commillioners appointed .. to inspect and manage the Revenues of the Stamp Duties to be duly (lamped $ which such Commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered and required to duly (lamp, on Payment of the Duties first payable, or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admif- , lions or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, without any Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote the said Duties, the "• said Commiflior.crs are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to do all other Things necessary for putting this Adl in Execution, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper 5 and such Perfons ^ so providing Appointments, Admiffions or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly (lamped, or procuring the fame to be duly (lamped, in manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified c to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Public Officer, : or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Pur-poses, and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Offices, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, not with (landing his or their Omission, or the Omiffion of any of their Predeceffors, in such Cities, Corporations or Bo- , rough Town8, as aforesaid ; and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Difabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties and Damages by reason of any such Omission, and none of his or their Adis shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the fame.

VI.	Provided always, that this Adl, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to rcllore or entitle any Perfon or Perfons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgment of any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record, or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other Perfon; but that such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter or Thing, so avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Perfon or Perfons who is or are now, or shall, at the passing of this Adl, be legally entitled to the lame, as if this Adl had never been made.

4 VII. And whereas many Perfons have omitted to cause Affida-4 vits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper Office, of 4 the actual Execution of several Contrails in Writing entered into 4 by them to serve as Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors in Great 4 Britain ; and such Contract, and the Indenture thereof to be inrolled 4 within the time in which the fame ought to have been done, and 4 many Infants, and others, may thereby incur certain Difabilities For preventing thereof, and relieving such Perfons, be it enabled. That eveiy Perfon who, at the passing of this Adl, shall have neglected or omitted to cause any such Affidavit or Affidavits as aforesaid to be made and filed, or such Contradl or Indenture to be inrolied, and who, on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, shall caule such Contradl or Indenture to be WpUed with the proper Officer in that behalf, and One or more

1L	Affidavit



*5

iD. 18134	54° GEO* HI. C. 5,6.

Afidarit or Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in such sanner as the fame ought to have been made and filed, in due Time, M be, and is hereby indemnified, freed and discharged, from and apicft all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Difabilities, in or by any A61 or Acts of Parliament mentioned, and incurred or to be iocnrred, for or by reason of such Negleft or Omifiion; and every such Affidavit and Affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the Fhrft Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight bundled and fisteen, shall be as effectual, to all Intents and Purpofcs, as if the fame had been made and filed within the respective times th$ fame ought, by the Laws now in being for that Purpose, to have been made and filed.

VIIL And be it further enacted, That in case any Aftion, Suit, Bill of Indiftment or Information, shall, from and after the passing of this Aft, be brought, carried on or profequted again ft any Per-foo or Perfons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity or Difability whatsoever, incurred or to be incurred by any such Negleft or Omifiion, such Perfon or Perfons may plead the General Ifsue, and, upon their Defence, give this Aft and the fpechl Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon*

CAP. VI.

An Aft to flay, until the Twentieth Day of April One thou-had eight hundred and fourteen. Proceedings in Aft ions under in Aft passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Perfons.

[6th December 1813.3

1 TITHE REAS many of the Provifions of an Aft pafied in the

•	W Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

•	incftoled An A3 to amend the Law relating to Spiritual Perfon? 4 bdJing of Farms; and for enforcing the Refidence of Spiritual 1 Perfons on their Benefices in England* have given Occafion to 4 Amy vexatious Profecutions; whicn it is expedient to prevent the 4 farther Proceeding in at present ;* Be it therefore enacted by Tl*s King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fist of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefist Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the passing of this Aft, it shall and may be hwfol far the Defendant in any A6lion already commenced or wnich &afl be commeneed, for any Penalty or Forfeiture under the said recited Aft of the Forty third Year aforesaid, previous to the Twentieth Day of- April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to tpply to the Court in which fudi Aftion shall be brought, during the Sitting of such Court, or to any Judge of such Court during Vacation, for Stay of Proceedings in such Aftion ; and such Court, aid such Judge, respectively, are hereby required to stay such Proceedings accordingly, until the said Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen*

[Condoned to 20tb May 1814, c. 44. pojf. ; loth July 1814, c* 54. i *3* TU 48 43 (?. 3. f. 84. explained and amended, r. 175.

CAP.

indemnified and ditch.lived from Penalties.

General Kibe.

EXP.

43 0.3. c.s^

8uying Proceedings in Attiona brought.



16

C.

54* GEO. III.

A.D. i&i$.

CAP. VII.

47 G. 3. Seff.1. c 19. further continued.

S3 0-3-

Exception.

49 G.3. c.30.

43G.3. c.31.

Drawback** Bounty payable on Importation J&ertaiotd.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March On*

* thousand eight hundred and f/teen, and amend an Aft for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.	[6th December	1813.3

4 YT7HEREAS the Aft herem**ter mentioned has by Expe-4 VV rience been found useful and'-beneficial, and it is expedient 4 that the fame should be further continued in njanner hereinafter 4 mentioned ;*• Be it therefore enacted by The Ring’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of tl\e fame. That an A& made in the forty seventh Year of His present Majefty’a Reign, intituled An A& (0 provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight (a), and which by an Aft made in thelaft Sefiion of Parliament, was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen* shall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March Onq thousand eight hundred and fisteen, except only so much of the (aid yecited Aft of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, as relates to the allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, and which, under the Provisions oFan Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign for continuing the said Aft of the Forty seventh Year, is direftea to be warehoused under the Provi(ions of an Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of His present M^efby’s Reign, for permitting Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or (ecured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid, and except as the said recited Aft of the Forty seventh Year is amended by this Aft.	(a) [Schedule to 47 G. 3*

Sef. I. r. 19. repealed, c. 100. § 1. pod-']

II. And be It further enacted, That if in the Publication of the Dublin Gazette containing Notice of the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar for die Four Mouths preceding the First Wednefdayya May or preceding the First Wednefday in September in the Year Une thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or preceding the First Wednefday in January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, or preceding any or either of the said Days in any fub-fequent Year, during the Continuance of the said recited Aft of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, and this A ft, ascertained and taken in manner prescribed by Law in Great Britain, and inserted in the JLcn-don Gazette, it shall appear that the Average Price of such Sugar so ascertained and taken for the preceding Four Months in England shall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings Sterling British Currency for an Hundred Weight, exclulive of the Duties paid or payable on the Importation thereof, then and in every such case the Drawback, or Bounty in the Schedule to the (aid recited Aft of the Forty seventh Year annexed mentioned, as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the London and Dublin Gazettes (hall

Have

booQle

*7

A.D. 1813.

GEO. III.

C. 7> 8.

hr? been given as aforefaid* shall be paid or allowed on Exportation (ficept to Great Britain) of the several Sorts of Sugar mentioned a the said Schedule* until Notice published in the London Gazette of tb? Average Price for the Four Months preceding any other of fcch subsequent Days shall be * jferted in the Dublin Gazette, and focb Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like manner in DrawWkor etery nrfpect and fubj>£l and under and according to the like Rules* Bounty how Regulations, Reflrictions, Pennies and Forfeitures as any Drawbacks Pai<*.

»'I Bounties are paid and alio ked under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force or to be in force in Ireland relating to Drawbacks and Bounties, except in so far as the fame are altered by the said recited Act of the Forty Lventh Year aforesaid or this Ad.

III. And be it further enacted. That this Ad, and the Ad hereby Afl amended, eoctumed* may be amended* altered or repealed by any Ad to be &c. pai&d ia this Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[6th December 1813.]

€ V17HEREAS by an Ad passed in the lafl Seflion of Parlia- 53 G.3. 0.3$. g V ? meet* intituled yin A8 to alter and amend several Afls i faffed in His present Majejly's Reign relating to the Redemption of t toe National Debt; and for making further Provifions in respect g there f it was enacted and declared, That, for the Purpofes ot the $ 1 • g said Art, an Amount of Public Debt* equal to the whole Capital of t the Public Debt in perpetual redeemable Annuities existing on the t Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty fix,

should be deemed to be satisfied and discharged, and so much of the Capital Stock so purchased and transferred as therein men-

*	toned, and (landing in the Names of the Commiflioners for the 4 Reduction of the National Debt, in the Books of the Governor 4 and Company of the Bank of England, as Parliament by any Adi 4 or Ads of the said Seflion should or might direct should be can-4 celled in like manner as if the fame had been transferred to the

*	had Commifiioners for the Redemption of Land Tax, pursuant to 4 the Provisions of the several A<ds thereunto relating, in order to 4 make Provifion for the Charge of any Addition to be made to 1 the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, by way of Loan, or in 4 any otheT manner* for the Service of the Year One thousand eight 4 hundred and thirteen 5 and it* was thereby further enacted* that 4 whenever the Amount of the Sum to be raised by way of Loan,

« of in any other manner which might create an Addition to ^he « Public Funded Debt of Great Britain in the present or any future 1 Year should exceed the Sum which on the First Day of February * fiwaid have been or should be ellimated to be applicable in the fame 4 Year to the Reduction of the National Debt 5 then and in every « (ach case an annual Sum amounting to the One hundredth Part of 4the Capital Stock* created by so much only of the Monies raised 1 by way of Loan* or in any other manner as aforesaid in the Year*

4 »(hould be equal to the Sum so ellimated to be applicable to the 4 Reduction of the National Debt within the fame Year, should be

54 G*0- III.	C	4	itfu-d

t 5





18

C.3. ante.

Certain Sums Pawling iit Bank Books in Names of Com* millioners for Reduftion of National Debt cancelied, and Intereft applied to Confolidated Fund.

C. 8.	54°	GEO. m.	A.D.	1813.

*	iflued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the Account of the 4 said Commiflioners in the manner directed by the said therein recited

*	A& of the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty ; and with

*	refpeft to the Exccfs of the Monies which might be so raised in any 4 Year by way of Loan, or in any other manner as aforesaid, above the

*	eftimated Sum applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt 4 within the fame Year, such an annual Sum as should be equal to 4 One Half of the Intereft of such Excels should be fet apart out 4 of the Monies compofmg the Confolidated Fund, and should in

*	like manner be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the 4 Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them 4 placed to the Account of the said Commiflioners: And whereas 4 the Sum, which on the First Day of February One thousand eight 4 hundred and thirteen was estimated to be applicable in the present 4 Year to the Redu&ion of the National Debt, amounted to Thirteen 4 millions and thirteen thousand nine hundred and fourteen Pounds:

4 And whereas subsequently to the palling of the said A& several 4 Sums of Money, exceeding the said Amount of Thirteen millions 4 and thirteen thousand nine hundred and fourteen Pounds have been 4 added to the Amount of the Public Debt by divers A&s of Parlia-4 ment: And whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom, in 4 Parliament assembled, have resolved that the Sum of Twenty two 4 millions shall be raised by way of Annuities for the Service of 4 the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen : And whereas 4 the Charge of the said Sum of Twenty two millions will amount 4 to the Sum of One million seven hundred sixty three thousand 4 nine hundred and eighty two Pounds: And whereas it is expedient 4 to make Provifions for such Charge in the manner directed by the 4 said recited A&Be it therefore enabled by The King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Ccmfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Sum of Twenty two millions two hundred and fifty seven thousand four hundred Pounds Three Pbunds per Centum Confolidated Annuities standing in the Names of the Commiflioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Sum of Thirty fix millions five hundred and forty two thousand Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities standing in the Names of the said Commiflioners as aforesaid, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, be cancelled from those Days respectively ; and the Intereft or Dividends which would have been payable thereon shall from thenceforth refpedfively cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged upon the Confolidated Fund; and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the grow-ing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Pur-pofe of defraying the Charge occasioned by the Addition made or to be made (a) to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain in the present Year.	(a)	QSee c. 3. ante• ce. 76. 85. post.]





C A P.

AJJ.iSrj,

*9

540 GEO. IIL	C.9.

CAP. IX.

An Ait for fixing the Commencement and Termination of Lxences to be granted for the Diftillation of Spirits from Com or Grain in Scotland.	[6th December 1813.]

1 TXT HERE AS the Prohibition to brew or make Worts or

*	VV Wafh for Di it illation, or to distil Spirits from Corn or

*	Grain, being continued in force until the First Day of December 1 One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Licences granted 1 or to be granted for the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain 4 in Scotlandy for the Confumption of Scotland, for the Year ensuing, 1 cannot commence and take Effect on the Tenth Day of November,

*	the legal and accuilomed Day of Commencement in each Year: 1 Aad whereas it is expedient, for the better levying and collecting 4 the Doties by Law imposed for or in respect of the Diftillation of 4 Spirits from Com or Grain, that each and every Licence granted or

*	to be granted for the making and distilling of Spirits in Scotland for

*	Confumption in Scotland, should commence and take Effeft from the

*	Period fixed by Law for the Commencement of such Licences Be k therefore enacted by The King’s Mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every Licence or Licences granted and issued, or to be granted and issued in Scotland, under and by virtue of any Aft or Adis of Parliament in force to anjr Perfoa or Perfons to make or distil Spirits from Corn or Grain io any Part of Scotland for Confumption in Scotlandat any time after the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, shall be permitted or allowed, and before the Tenth Day of November One thooiand eight hundred and fourteen, shall commence and take ellbft, and be deemed, taken and adjudged to have commenced and taken effect, from the Tenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, at whatever time such Licence or Licences may hare been or shall be granted or issued.

II. And be it further enacted, That no such Licence or Licences, as granted as hereinbefore mentioned, shall be and continue in force for zzj longer or further Period than until the Tenth Day of No-vember One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

IIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every Licence granted or to be granted by virtue and in pursuance of this Aft, Brail he and the fame is hereby made subject and liable to dl and every of the Conditions, Rules, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures to which Licences granted for the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain is or may be liable to by any A& or Afts of Parliament in force before the palling of this Aft, in a? fell a manner as if aH and every the Clauses, Powers and Direftions therein contained were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of the present Aft.

IV. And be it further epasted,. That this .Aft may he altered, nried or repealed by any Aft or Afts of this present Sefiion of PvBament.

C 2	CAP.

Commencement of Licence.

Duration of Licence.

Licence fuhje& to Conditions in force before palling of A

Ail altered, kc.



40

C. 10.

54B GEO. III.

A.D.t8t3.

Si G.3. C.X18.

His M*jefty may employ in »ny Part of United Kingdom any Par* or present Militia Force of G. B. or Ireland, making voluntary Offer to serve, without Reference to such Limitation.

Commanding Officer Ifiall explain to Men that Offers are to be voluntary.

Continuance. Aft altered, &c.

C A P. X.

An A ft to amend an Aft passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AH to permit V the Interchange of the British and Irifh Militias respectively.

[6th December 1813.]	-

WHEREAS an Aft passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS to permit the Interchange of the British and Irifh Militias refbeBivelj: And ^ whereas it is expedient that the said Aft should be amended, for the Purpofe of enabling His Majesty to employ a greater Number of the Militia of Great Britain in Ireland, and of the Militia of Ireland in England I a), at one time, than are allowed by the said Aft;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent ^ Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual -and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, from and after the pafling of this Aft, and during th« Continuance thereof, to accept the Services of the Militia of Great Britain, or any Part thereof, to serve in Ireland, and of the Militia of Ireland\ or any Part thereof, to serve in Great Britain (£), without regard to the Proportions of the Militia of one Country allowed I to serve in the other, or any Rotation, specified in the said recited i Aft 5 and from time to time to employ in any Part of the United Kingdom such Part of the Regular Militia of Great Britain and 1 the Militia of Ireland respectively, as may make such voluntary Offer, duly certified by their respective Commanding Officers, of extending their Services to all Parts of the United Kingdom, without regard to such Limitations as aforesaid, and as His Majesty may think proper to permit so to extend their Services in consequence of such voluntary Offer as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signed by the Principal Secretary of State, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by his, or their Chief Secretary, directed by the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, of the said Militia Forces of Great Britain or Ireland, to propose to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or any Part or Parts thereof, so to extend their Services, under such Rules and Regulations, and upon such Allowances as His Majesty may think fit to appoint; any thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

(a) [&r the enaSing Part of this SeBion* ]	(£)	[&*	the Preamble*]

II. And be it further enacted, That no PerTon serving in the said Militia, of either Part of the United Kingdom, shall he compelled to make such Offer, except by his own Confent ; and no Commanding Oflicerffiall certify according to this Aft any voluntary Offer previously to his having explained to every Perfon of the Militia offering so to serve, that the Offer is to be purely voluntary on his Part.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen; and may be altered, varied or repealed by any A& or Afts to be made in this present Selfion of Parliament.

CAP,



4.D.i8i3

54° GEO. III.

C ii

21

CAP. XI.

An Ad for extending the Provifions of an Aft, patted in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making better Provifion for Soidlers, to Serjeants of the Militia.

t [6th December 1813.]

1 TT J HE REAS it is expedient that certain of the Provifions of 46 G.j. c.6f.

1 VV an Aft, patted in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His

*	prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 for mating better Provifion for

*	Soidlers, and of any Regulation made in pursuance thereof, (hould

*	be extended to Seneants of the Regular Militia of Great Britain

*	or Ireland/* Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Maiefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affembied, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Serjeant Serjeants of of Militia who shall, from and after the patting of this A&, become Militia may rs-entitled to his Difcharge by reason of the Expiration of any Period ce,^e ^enfi!in# of Service fixed in any Orders and Regulations made by His Majesty gulauonsmadV in that Behalf, or shall have been discharged by reason of being an by His Majesty. Invalid or d.fabled, shall thereupon become legally entitled to receive

such Penfion, Allowance or Relief, as shall have been fixed in any Order* or Regulations made by His Majesty in relation to such cases respectively, and for the Payment whereof Money shall have been voted by Parliament 5 and every such Seijeant may claim to be paid or receive the fame, under the Provifions of this Aft, or any Rules or Regulations made in pursuance thereof.	.

II.	And be it further enacted, That every Serjeant of Militia

who shall have been discharged by reason of the Expiration of any Serjeants dii-Period of Service fixed in any Orders and Regulations made by charged.

His Majesty, in that Behalf, or shall have been di(charged by reason of being an Invalid or disabled, shall, from and after the patting of this Ad, become legally entitled to an additional Penfion, which together with the Penfion he may now receive shall be equal to the incr^afed Penfion to which Surgeons are entitled under the Provifions of this Ad, or any Rules and Regulations made in pursuance thereof, such additional Penfion to take Effed from the patting of this Ad.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, 'That every Ser- Mode of com* jeant of Militia, whole Offers of Extended Service in the Militia Put,I?&ot foil be accepted by His Majesty, shall be allowed to reckon, for Scmce*

the Parpofe of claiming any Penfion, Allowance or Relief, given by any iuch Orders and Regulations as aforesaid at the Expiration of his Service, or in case of his Difcharge Two Years for such Offer of Extended Service, and also Two Years for every Year of such Service in the Militia as aforesaid, in any Part of Europe out of His Majefty’s Dominions ; and every Militia Man who shall so extend \c% Service*, and who shall ^hereafter volunteer into His Majefty’•

Regular Foroes, shall be entitled to reckon for such Offer of Ex-teafton of Service as a bfilitia Man, and for such Extended Service under any such Offer, and also for such volunteering into His Majesty *• Regular Fprcet, such Number of Years respectively for the Purpofe of claiming any Penfion, Allowance or Relief as a Soldier, as shall be fixed by any Rules, Regulations or Orders, made by Hit Majesty in that Behalf.

Q J	IV-	PW-



C. 11) 12.

Orders and Regulation laid before Parliament.

Provifions of 46 G.,v c.69. to apply to Ad.

His Majtlly nuy ad.i an F.uhth, Niuth and Tenth Battalion, in Sixtieth Regiment, Foreigners may serve therein.

Foreign Officers m ay lerve, and receive Pay.

54° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Orders and Regulations from time to time made by His Majesty, in relation to the Difcharge of Serjeants of the Militia after the Expiration of any Periods of Service, and also in relation to any Pdifion, Allowance or Relief, to any dii'chargcd or invalid, disabled or wounded Soidlers, shall be laid before Parliament ; and that Efti-mates of the Amount of all such Penfions, Allowances and Relief, and of all contingent Expences and Charges relating to the Payment, Control and Management thereof, shall also be annually laid before Parliament.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things in the said recited Aft of the Forty sixth Year of His Majefty’s Reign aforesaid contained, shall extend and be construed to extend, and be used, applied and enforced, in relation to any Rules and Regulations made for giving any Penfions, Allowances or Relief under this Aft, and the demanding, paying, receiving, recovering and accounting for any Penfions, Allowances or Payments, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame w re severally repeated and re-enafted in and made Part of this Aft ; and the said recited Aft and this Aft shall be construed as one Aft.

CAP. XII.

An Aft to enable His Majesty to augment the Sixtieth

Regiment to Ten Battalions, by Enliftment of Foreigners.

[6th December 1813.]}

*	TTJ'HEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty should be em-€ VV powered to augment His Sixtieth Regiment of Infantry*

*	now consisting of Seven Battalions, by the Addition of an Eighth*

*	Ninth and Tenth Battalion ;9 Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent * of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent* Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, to augment the said Sixtieth Regiment of Infantry, by the Addition of an Eighth, Ninth and Tenth Battalion, to confilt of One thousand Men each, and to enlist as Soldiers to serve in such Battalions any Foreigners now in His Majefty’s Pay, or other Foreigners who shall voluntarily enter themselves to serve as Soldiers therein, and to employ such Regiment, or any Part thereof, in any Country or Place out of Great Britain ; any thing in any Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Foreign Officers who shall receive Commiffions from His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, to be Officers in the said Regiment, for the Purpofe of enabling His Majesty to augment the fame to Ten Battalions (which Com-miffions it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, nis Heirs and SuccefTors, to grant) shall be enabled to serve and receive Pay as Officers in the said Regiment ; and when reduced shall be capable of receiving Half Pay, according to the Rank in which they shall serve at the time of fuel: Reduction.

CAP.

CjOOQle

A.D.iSj3«

54® GEO. HI.

C.13.

«3

CAP. XIII.

An A St for giving EfFe& to certain Engagements of His Majesty with the Emperor of ail the Rujfias and the King of Prujfia, for fumifhing a Part of the pecuniary Succours for afiiiting His Majefty’s said Allies, in supporting the Ex-pences of the War with France. [6th December 1813.]

* Mod Gracious Sovereign,

1 \\J HE REAS by Two several Conventions, signed at London Conventions,

*	Yr on the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight h^ndon, Sep-

* hundred and thirteen, between Your Majesty on the one Part, tcml'er

* ard their Majesties the Emperor of all the RuJJiai and the King ,5‘ s of PruJJla respectively on the other, it was agreed, That a Part

< of the Pecuniary Succours which Your Majesty was desirous of t fjrn:ih:r*g to Your said Allies, to assist them in supporting the s Expeiicr s of the War with France, should be furnilhed by Aid 1 oi the Public Credit of Great Britain, and under the Form of t Bills exclusively applicable to the Ex pences of the War, and to 1 be re-;mburfed in Specie, upon certain Terms and Conditions 5 and t Your Majesty by the said Conventions engaged to propose to « Your Parliament to authorize the Iflue of these Bills of Credit, c for the Benefit of their Majesties the Emperor of all the Rujfias 1 icd the King of Prujfia, for the Sum of Two millions five hundred 4 thouhnd Pounds Sterling, or of Fifteen millions PruJJian Thalers 4 of the Denomination and Weight of One thousand (even hundred 1 and sixty fcrtir, to be furnilhed Monthly in manner therein mentioned,

1 in the Proportion of Two Thirds of each Monthly Iflue for the 1 Emperor of all the Rujfias, and of One Third thereof for the 4 King of PruJJla, and to be computed from the Fifteenth Day of , Jane of the Current Year; so that Your Majesty has engaged 1 to place at the Difpofal of the Emperor and the King, for the , Fir& Irftalment, as many Millions of Thalert as there shall have 4 been Months elapsed since the Fifteenth Day of June last, and 4 thereafter a Million each Month, until the Iflue of Fifteen 4 Millions of Thalers ftiall be completed: And it is in the said 4 Conventions further stipulated, that Commiflioners should be named ( on the Part of Your Majesty and the said Sovereigns respectively,

« upon the Conti cent, who ftiould be charged to direct the Circu-4 Ltcn of the said Paper in conformity with the Principles of the 4 Lid Conventions ; and that the Bills of Credit to be issued under 4 the said Conventions ftiould not bear Interect, but that a General 4 .Office fnould .be opened, in such Town in the North of Germany t a? the Britifib Government with the Concurrence of the Court*

4 of Rujfia and PruJJia should point out for the Purpose, wherew 4 the Holders of each Bill should be admitted to fund them in a

*	Capital Stock or Fund bearing Intereft at the Rate of Six ter Centum per Annum, or at the Choice of the Holders of the laid Bills, in Debentures bearing Six per Centum Intereft ; and that

1 the Intereft of the Bills funded and converted into a Six per Centum

*	Stock, or into Debentures, should be payable every Six Months, in 1 whatever City of the North of Germany Your Majefty*s Com-4 mdfioners should point out for that Purpose, to commence from

C 4	‘the





*4

Treasury mny ifrue Bills of Credit, and provide Books for funding fame; and prepare Bills bearing an Intereft to be exchanged in lieu thereof.

Money issued oiu of Supplies of Year, to piy Intereft and Principal of Securities,

!. 13.	540	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

*	the Month following that of their being deposited in the General

*	Office ; and that the Bills which should neither have been regiftered

*	nor funded before the Signature of the Preliminaries of Peace

*	(hould be ^entitled to an interest of One Half per Centum per 4 Month, to commence from the Period of the faia Signature until

*	that of their Re-imburfement; and that the Re-imburfement

* of the whole of the said Fifteen millions Thalers of Bills of

* Credit, should be made in Specie either in Prujfian Thalers ac-

*	cording to the Tariff of One thousand seven hundred and sixty ‘ four, or in Spani/b Dollars at the Rate of Two Spanish Dollars 4 for Three such Thalers as aforesaid, and to the Amount of One 4 Million of Thalers per Month, in the manner stated in such Con-4 ventions, and to commence from the Month following the Ratifi-

*	cation of a General Peace: And whereas we, the Commons of

*	the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, have resolved that

*	Provifion be made for enabling Your Majesty to defray the Ex-

*	pences which may be incurred in the Execution of the said Conven-4 tions, not exceeding Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds

*	Sterling, or Fifteen Millions of Prujfian Thalers Principal Money:* , May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be

it enabled by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affeinbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Lord High Trcafurcr, or the Commifiioners of the Treasury of Great Britain, or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall and they are hereby empowered to cause Bills of Credit in the Form specified in the said Conventions, and not exceeding the Amount of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, or of Fifteen Millions of Prujfian Thalers of the Denomination and Weight of One thousand (even hundred and sixty four, to be prepared and signed by the Commiffioner to be named on the Part of His Majesty, and to be issued to the respective Commiffion-ers to be named on the Part of their Majesties the Emperor of all the Rujfas and the King of Prujfa, in the respective Proportions and at the times specified in the said Conventions; and tne said Lord High Treafurcr, or Commifiioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby also empowered and required to cause proper Books to be provided and kept by the Commiffioner to be named on the Part of His Majesty for receiving the Subfcriptions of all such Holders of the said Bills of Credit as may be desirous to fund the fame in a Six per Centum Stock, and also to cause Bills bearing an Intereft of Six per Centum from the Month succeeding the Date of their Regiftry, to be prepared and issued to all such Holders of the said Bills of Credit as may be desirous of converting them into Bills bearing an Intereft as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said ^.ord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being respectively, shall, and he and they is and are hereby empowered from time to time, out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament for the Service of any Year, to cause to be issued such Sums of Money as shall he required for the Payment of the Intereft on such of the said Securities as may from time to time bear an Interefti and also for the Payment



I

ID.i 8ij.

54* GEO. HI.

*5

wot of the Principal Monies due thereon, as and when the fame may frjm time to time become payable, conformably to the Tenor of His Mijfih’s Engagements, as ipecified in the said Conventions refpec-Lniy; and also such Sums as may be required to pay and satisfy all the Expences attending the Execution of this Ad.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said Lord High Trea- Account*laid forer, or Commiflloners of the Treasury for the time being, (haH before Pwlia-caufe to be prepared, and shall lay before both Houfes of Parlia* mcnu

meat, within T wenty Days after the Commencement of every Seflion, u Account of the Total Amount of the said Bills of Credit which have been ifibed, and also of such as have been funded, and of those which hare been converted into Bills bearing an Interect, and of tWe which remain unfunded and unconverted as aforesaid respectively, up to the Thirty first Day of December then next preceding, together with an Account of the Total Sums which shall from time to tune have been issued and applied by virtue of this Ad for paying and (atisfying the Interefl on all or any of the said Securities, and toward* paving and satisfying the Principal thereof (in case the Prin-epaiof any of the said Securities shall then have been paid), and also tor paring the Expences of carrying this Ad into Execution.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Treasury may Lord Ri-rhTreasurer, or the Commiflioners of the Treasury, or any

Three or more of them for the time being, to appoint such Officers *#rry A^t int# and Clerks in the Office of the said Commiifioner to be named on the Execution, and Part of His Majesty, and in Great Britain, as they may deem ne- S.«l.»iiei for cefhrj for carrying this Ad into Execution, and to grant such Trouble. Salaries and Compenfations to the said Commiflioners and Officers and Clerks for their Trouble and Labour therein, as they may think it and reasonable in that Behalf.

V.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons For«ine, fcc. shall forge, counterfeit or cause or procure to be forged or counter- Bills See. kited, or willingly ad or aid or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Bill, Receipt, Inftrument or Security, made and iflued

under the Authority of this Ad, or the Signature or Name of any Commiffioner or other Perfon or Perfons to or upon any such Bill,

Receipt, Inftrument or Security, or any Indorfement or Writing upon any such Bill, Receipt, Inftrument or Security, or alter or cause or procure to be altered, or ad as aforesaid, or assist in the altering any Number, Figure or Word therein, or utter or nbtiih as true, any such false, forged, counterfeited or altered Bill,

Receipt, Inftrument or Security (knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited or altered), with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Hrirs or Succeffors, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, then and in every such case every Perfon being thereof convicted in due Form of Law shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Death. Clergy*

VI.	And be it further enacted. That this Ad may be altered, Aa altered, taried or repealed, by any Ad to be passed in this Seflion of Par- *c-

toot.

PAP,





1<S

A.D.1813*

On Re(?t»nation, &c. of Accountant General, Property to vert in Succeflor.

Property heretofore verted in ?my former Accountant General verted in pre-fent Accountant peneraL

Afc done by

Accountant General under

C. 14.	54° GEO. III.

CAP. XIV.

An Aft to provide that Property veiled in the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery as such, shall, upon

his Death, Removal or Refignation, veil from time to time in

those who shall succeed to the Office. [6th December 1813.] 1

€ TT 7 HE REAS it is expedient to provide by Law as is hereiu*

* VV after enacted ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiemblcd, and by Authority of the fame, That in all cases in which, by virtue of this Aft or of any Aft of Parliament, Conveyance. Afiignmcnt, Transfer, Obligation or Security, any Intcreft in Real or Perfonal Estate, EfFefts or Property, hath been or shall be veiled in, conveyed, assigned, transferred, made payable to, or secured to the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery as such Accountant General, and in respect of His Office as such, the fame, upon the Death, Removal or Refignation of each Accountant General from time to time, and as often as the case fh-*ll happen, and the Appointment of a Succeflor, shall veil, subject to the fame Trulls as the fame were before refpec-tively subject to, in the succeeding Accountant General by force of this Aft, and without any Aft whatever to be done by the Accountant General resigning or removed, or by the Heirs, Ex- ’ ecutors or Adminillrators of any Accountant General religning, removed or dying, or any Perfon or Perfons claiming under him, them or any of them, and notwithilanding any such Intcreft may have been exprelfed to have been veiled in, conveyed, assigned, transferred, made payable to, or secured to the Accountant General, his Heir*, Executors, Adminillrators and Afsigns, or any of them, and shall and may be proceeded upon in the Name of such fuc-ceeding Accountant General by any Aftion or Suit in Law or Equity, or in any other manner as the fame might have been proceeded upon by or in the Name or Names of the Heirs, Executors or Adminillrators of such former Accountant General.

II.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases in which by virtue of any Aft of Parliament, Conveyance, Alignment, Transfer, Obligation or Security, any Interells in any Real or Perfonal Estate, EfFefts or Property have been heretofore veiled in any former Accountant General as Accountant General, and in respect of his Office as such, and which may now remain veiled in his Heirs, Executors or Adminillrators, notwithilanding the fatne was veiled in him as Accountant General in

ircfpeft of such his Office, all such Interells shall, by force of this Aft, from and after the palling thereof, be and the fame are hereby veiled in the present Accountant General as Accountant General, and shall and may be proceeded upon in the Name of the present Accountant General, or the Accountant General hereafter for the time being in any Aftion or Suit in Law or Equity, or in any other manner as the fame might have been proceeded upon by or in the Name or Names of the Heirs, Executors or Adminillrators of such former Accountant General.

III.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That fill Afts done or to be done by the present or any future Accountant





ID.i8i3-	54” GEO.III.	C.14, 15.

cm tint General, under any Order or Orders, Decree or Decrees, of the Court of Chaneery, touching any Real or Perfonal Estate, Property or Efsects, the Interefl wherein respectively is by this A61 felted or intended to be veiled in the present Accountant General, aad in succeeding Accountants General, shall by force of this A6t be deemed and taken to be valid and effectual; and also, that all A 61$ heretofore done by any Accountant General for the time being, in Obedience to any such Order or Orders, Decree or Decrees, touch-rag any Real or Perfonal Estate, Effe&s or Property, the Intereft wherein respectively might have remained at the time such A6ls were done in any former Accountant General, who had resigned or had been removed, or in the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators of any then deceased Accountant General, shall by force of this A A bo deemed and taken to be valid and effectual.

C A P. XV.

An Acl for the more easy Recovery of Debts, in His Majefty’a Colony of Nru) South Wales.	[6th December 1813.3

1 Ttf HE REAS His Maiefty’s Subje6ls, trading to and refiding

*	Y\ in the Colony of New South Wales, and its Dependencies,

*	lie undeT great Difficulties, for want of more easy Methods of

*	proving, recovering and levying of Debts, due to them within the

*	faid Colony : And whereas it is expedient those Difficulties should 1 be removed ;9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majetly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ad Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflVmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Twenty 6lth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in any Suit or Adfion then depending or thereafter to be brought in acy Court of Law or Equity within the said Colony of New South Wah:, or its Dependencies, for or relating to any Debt or Account, wherein any Perfon residing in Great Britain shall be a Party, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Defendant, and also to and for any Witncfs to be examined or made use of in such Aerioror Suit, to verify or prove any Matter or Thing by Affidavit or Affidavits in Writing upon Oath, or in case the Perfon making fjch Affidavit be one of the People called Quakers, then upon his or her folernn Affirmation, made before any Mayor or other Chief Magiftrate of the City, Borough or Town Corporate in Great Britain where or near to wliich the Perfon making such Affidavit or Affirmation ihall relide, and certified and transmitted under the Common Seal of fucli City, Borough or Town Corporate, or the Seal of the Office of such Mayor or other Chief Magiftrate 5 which Oath and solemn Affirmation every such Mayor and Chief Magiftrate Bull be and is hereby authorized and empowered to administer ; and ewry Affidavit or Affirmation so made, certified and transmitted, ball in all such A&ions and Suits, be allowed to be of the fame Force and EffeA as if the Perfon or Perfons making the fame upon Oath or folernn Affirmation as aforesaid, had appeared and sworn or affirmed the Matters contained in such Affidavit or Affirmation viva voce in open Court, or upon a Commiffion issued for the Ex-nuoation of Witneffes, or of any Party in any such A&ion or

Suit

*7

nny Order of Court valid.

Debts in New South Waif'S proved on Oath before Chief May (irate here.

Quaker!.

Eff*e£l of AflRd*. vit or Affiimar tion.



*8

Provifo.

Debts to His Majesty proved in fame manner.

Falfe Oath, or Affirmation.

Perjury.

Lands, Sec. in Plantations, liable to satisfy Debts.

41 G. 3. (U.K.) c.ja.

C. 15, 16.	54*	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1813.

Suit refpcdttvely: Provided, that in every such Affidavit and Affirmation there shall be expressed the Addition of the Party making such Affidavit or Affirmation, and the particular Place oif his or ner Abode.

II.	And be it further enacted, That in all Suits now depending, or hereafter to be brought, in any Court of Law or Equity, by or in behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, in the said Colony of New South Wales or its Dependencies, for or relating to any Debt or Account, that His Majesty, his Heirs and Succelfors (hail and may prove His and their Debts aud Accounts, and examine His or their Witnefs or Witneffes, by Affidavit or Affirmation in like manner as any Subjeft or Subjedts is or are empowered or may do by this present Aft.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Perfon making such Affidavit upon Oath or solemn Affirmation as aforesaid, shall be guilty of falsely and wilfully swearing or affirming any Matter or Thing in such Affidavit or Affirmation, which if the -fame had been fwom upon an Examination in the usual Form would have amounted to wilful and corrupt Perjury, every Perfon so offending, and being thereof lawfully convisted, shall incur the fame Penalw ties and Forfeitures as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are « provided against Perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the Houses, Lands and other Hereditaments and Real Estates, situate or being within the said Colony of New South Wales or its Dependencies, belonging to any Perfon indebted, shall be liable to and chargeable with all just Debts, Duties and Demands of what Nature or Kind soever, owing by any such Perfon to His Majesty or any of his Subjests, and shall and may be Affets for the Satisfaction thereof, in like manner as Real Eftates are by the Law of England liable to the Satisfaftion of Debts due by Bond or other Specialty, and shall be subject to the like Remedies, Proceedings and Proceis, in any Court of Law or Equity in the said Colony of New South Wales or its Dependencies, for seizing, extending, felling or difpoftng pf any such Houses, Lands and other Hereditaments and Real Estates, towards the Satisfadtion of such Debts, Duties and Demands, and in like manner as Perfonal Eftates in the said Colony are seized, extended, fold or disposed of, for the Satisfadtion of Debts*

CAP. XVI.

An Adi to explain an Adi of the Forty first Year of Hia present Majesty, for declaring what Perfons shall be difabied from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

[6th December 18*3-1^

- TT7HEREAS by an Aft made in the Parliament of the 4 VV United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the 4 Forty first Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A^

4 for declaring what Perfons shall be difabied from ftting and voting 4 in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain f and Ireland ; and also for carrying into effcQ Part of the Fourth 4 Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in '6	f	opbat





C. 16.

AD. 1813.	54°	GEO.	III.

2)

1 cW Cafes Perfoni holding Offices or Places of Profit under The 1 Crstun of f Ireland shall be incapable of being Members of the t &ie%

1 Hwfe of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom,

1 it is, amongst. other things, enacted, That if any Perfon being § 9.

*	eta fen a Member of the Hcufe of Commons shall, from and after

*	tta passing of the said Ad, accept of any Office of Profit whatever 1 immediately and directly from The Crown of the said United

*	Kingdom, or by the Nomination or Appointment, or by any other 1 Appointment, ftibjed: to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant,

*	Lord Deputy, Lord Juflices or other Chief Governor or Governors 4 of that Part of the said United Kingdom called Irelandf his Seat 4 shall thereupon become vacant, and a Writ shall ifTue for a new

*	Eledion : And whereas it may have happened, and may frequently 4 happen, that Perfons being Members ot the House of Commons,

4 sad holding or having holden Offices of Profit by the Nomination

*	or Appointment, or by some Appointment subject to the Appro-4 bation of the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, Lord Juslices, or 4 other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ may have remained 4 or continued in, or may remain or continue in, or may have been 4 or may be nominated or appointed, or re-appointed by the Sue-4 ctffor or SuccefTors to the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, Lord 4 Jufticet or other Chief Qovernor or Governors of Ireland^ by 4 whom such Perfons were nominated, appointed or approved, to 4 hold, or to continue to hold the fame Office to which such Perfons 4 werr so appointed ; and Doubts may have arisen, or may arise,

1 whether in such case, the Seat of such Perfons shall thereupon

4 become vacant or not :* For the obviating of all such Doubts, be Seats ofPerfons it declared and enacted by The King’s Mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern- fUCCe^ng poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Lieut* nants, *c. Authority of the fame, That if at any time before or after the paifing not to be of this Ad any Perfon being a Member of the House of Commons, vacated, who shall have accepted of any Office of Profit whatever, on the Nomination or Appointment, or by any other Appointment subject to the Approbation of any Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, Lord Juflices or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have remained or continued in, or shall remain or continue in, or shall have accepted or re-accepted, or shall accept or re-accept the fame Office, by the Nomination or Appointment, or by any Appointment subject to the Approbation of any SuccefTor or SuccefTors to the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, Lord Juflices or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by whom such Perfon was previously nominated, appointed or approved, or re-appointed or continued, the Seat of such Perfon so remaining or con-rimniig in, or accepting or re-accepting such Office, from or under mmj fcch SuccefTor or Succefiors, shall not thereupon become vacant, nor shall any Writ ifTue for a new Eledion; any thing in the said recked Ad, or in any other Ad or Ads contained to the contrary sotwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, That nothing in this Ad contained shall To whttPer-extead, or be construed to extend to any Perfon or Perfons but such fon* have been or shall have continued and remained, or shall be, or wlcn fell continue and remain, in any such Office at the time of the De-ctafe, Removal or Abfence, as tie case may be, of the Lord Lieutenant,



30

c. I. ante.

His Majesty empowered to accept voluntary Offers of Proportion of London Militia to l'erve in any Pan of Europe.

Bounty of Eight Guineas to Per-fons making voluntary Offer.

Oath.

C. 16, 17.	54®	GEO. III.	A.D. 1813*

tenant, Lord Deputy, Lord Jufticea or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by whom such Perfon was nominated, appointed or approved, or re-appointed or continued.

CAP. XVII.

An Aft: to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia of the City of Lcmlony out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Profecution of the War.

[6th December 1813.3

*	TT7HEREAS it is highly important that the mod effectual

*	VV Meafures ftiould be adopted for the vigorous Profecution of 4 the War upon the Continent of Europe : And whereas the City of 4 London, notwithstanding the Exemptions from raising Men for

*	Military Service contained in their Charters, are desirous and have

*	voluntarily proposed, That His Majesty ftiould be empowered to 4 accept any Offers of a Proportion of the Officers, Non Commif-4 fioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Two Regiments 4 of Militia of the said City of London, to serve in any Part of 4 Europe, under certain Regulations, in Addition to the Proportion 4 of the Militia of the United Kingdom, whose Services shall be 4 accepted by His Majesty by virtue of an Aft patted in the present 4 Seffion of Parliament, intituled An A3 to enable His Majesty to 4 accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United 4 Kingdom, for the vigorous Profecution of the IVar :* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it ffiall be lawful for His Majesty to accept the Services, and to employ in any Part of Europe, under the Regulations and Reftriftions specified in this Aft, such Part of the prefepfr Militia of the City of London, not exceeding Three fourths of tne Number actually serving in each Regiment of such Militia as may make a voluntary Offer, duly certified by their respective Commanding Officers, of extending their Services to all Parts of Europe, and as His Majesty may think proper to permit to extend their Services in consequence of such voluntary Offers as aforesaid 5 and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signed by the Principal Secretary of State, or by his Chief Secretary, directed to the Commanding Officer of each or either of such Regiments, to propose to such Regiment respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof not exceeding such Proportion as aforesaid, to extend their Services to all Parts ot Europe, under such Rules and Regulations as His Majesty may think fit to appoint.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct that a Bounty not exceeding Eight Guineas, shall be allowed to every Non Commiflioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man who shall make such voluntary Offer as aforesaid ; and every Non Commiflioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid shall take the following Oath; videlicet,

4 J A. B. do fmcerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful 4 and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King Georget his

5	*	Heirs



A.D.1813^

54* GEO. m.

3*

*	Heirs and Succeflors, and that I will faithfully fcrve in the

*	London Militia in any Part of Europe during the Remainder of the

*	War, and until the Expiration of Six Montha after the Tcrmina-1 tion thereof, to be reckoned from the Ratification of any Definitive i Treaty of Peace, unless I shall he sooner discharged.’

And every Non Commifiioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man Enrolment, making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid, and taking such Oath, loallbe enrolled to fcrve in the London Militia in any Part of Europe, according to the Terms of such Oath, and such several Enrolments shall take place, and such Oaths shall be adminillered, by the Officer commanding the Regiment to which such Non Commifiioned Officer,

Drummer and Private Man respectively shall belong, or by the Lord

Mayor or any Commiffioner of Lieutenancy, or Juflice of the Peace,

at such times and under such Regulations as His Majessy, by any

Order to be signed by the Secretary of State or his Secretary, fhall

in that behalf direct or appoint; and every Non Commifiioned

Officer, Drummer and Private Man so enrolled to serve in the London

Militia in any Part of Europe, under the Provifions of this Adi fhall

be entitled to his Difcharge at the Expiration of the Period specified Diich.uge.

in such Oath, without aoy regard to the Period for which he fhall

have been enrolled to serve in the Militia of the City of London, by

virtue of Two several Adis of Parliament, one of them palled in the

Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled G 3 c. a.

An Aa for amending and reducing into One Aa of Parliament Two

several Ads passed in the Thirty fourth and Thirty ffth Tears of the

Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the

Cay of London ; and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands

or Militia of the said City; and the other of them passed in the

Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 39 G. 3.08*.

An A3 to explain and amend an AS passed in the Thirty Jixth Tear of

the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled An Aa for amending and

re discing'into One A3 of Parliament Two several Afts passed in the

Thirty fourth and Thirty fifth Tears of the Reign oj His prefent

Mai fly*for the better ordering of the Militia of the City of London ;

and for the further regulating the Trained Bands or Militia of the

said City.

III.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon serving in the Commanding London Militia shall be compelled to make such Offer, or be engaged Officers toex-toferve ont of the United Kingdom, except by his own Confcnt, and Wa*n tllat Offer no Commanding Officer shall certify according to this Adi any volun- is VoluDUry-tarv Offer before he shall have explained to every Perfon offering to

serve, that the Offer is to be purely voluntary on his Part. -

IV.	And be it further enabled. That it shall be lawful for His Service* of One Majesty to accept the Services of One Field Officer of each or either Field Officer sc-Regiment of London Militia, in which Three hundred Private Men cePled with 300 fhafi offer to extend their Service under this Adi, and in case no

Field Officer of either Regiment from which such Numbers of Men	a^0^

refpe&Tely shall so volunteer as aforesaid, shall offer to extend his ing to EfUbliiK. Sernces with such Men, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to give the ment.

Rank of Field Officer to any Captain in such Regiment respectively who may offer to extend his Services with such Men, and it shall aifo be lawful for His Majesty to accept the Services of such Proportion of other Officers, Non Commifiioned Officers and Drummers, with such Numbers of Private Men as are allowed to such Numbers



of



3*

His M-ijcrty may form Militia for eitendod Service into Provifional Regiments.

Rank of Officer*.

In what case Hi* Majesty may appoint Officer*.

Provifo.

Provifo.

Officer* whose Offers of Extended Service are accepted, in wh^t case entitled to Half Pay. Penfions to Widow* of Officers.

C. 17.	54"	GEO. m.	A.D. 1813.

of Men rcfpc&ively in the Eftablifhment of the said Regimems of London Militia, by virtue of the said A6ls of the Thirty* sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for H:s Majessy, from time to time to form the Officers, Non Commif-fioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men, who lh J1 so extend their Services from the said Regiments of London Militia, into such Provifional Regiments or Battalions as may be deemed most expedient for His Majefly’s Service, either by th emfelvcs or together with the Officers, Non Commifiioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men, who shall have extended their Services from the Regiments of Militia of the United Kingdom : Provided always, that in all cases in which a Field Officer of Militia shall have volunteered for Extended Service in any Part of Europe, the Officer having the Chief Command in such Provifional Battalion shall be a Field Officer of Militia.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Officer of the London Militia shall, while out of the United Kingdom upon any such Extended Service, rank with the Officers of His Majefly’s Regular Forces higher than as a Lieutenant Colonel of the Militia.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in case the

Number of Officers of each Rank so volunteering to extend their Services to any Part of Europe, and accepted by His Majessy, shall not be in due Proportion to the Number of Men lo volunteering from the fame Regiment, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint any fit and proper Perfons to be Officers in such Provifional Battalions of Militia, without regard to the Qualifications now required by Law for such Officers in the Militia, and from time to time to supply any Vacancies which may occur in such Provifional Battalions of Militia, in consequence of the Death, Refignation or DifmifTal of any such Officer who shall have been so appointed by His Majesty 2 Provided always, that no Perfon so appointed by His Majesty shall hold a Commifiion in any such Provifional Battalion of higher Rank than that of a Subaltern, unless he shall at the time of such Appointment have been an Officer in His Majefly*s Regular Forces or Militia:	Provided

always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect the Appointment of Officers as eflablifhcd by the said A&s of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majcliy, in any case of Vacancy which may occur in consequence of the Death, Refignation or DifmifTal of any London Militia Officer who may have volunteered for Extended Service in Europe•

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Commifiioned Officers of the London Militia whose Offers of extending their Services to all Parts of Europe under the Provifions of this A£l shall be ac- 5 cepted by His Majessy, shall be entided to Half Pay, according to the Ranks in which their Services shall be accepted, to serve out of • the United Kingdom, in like manner, and under such and the like cir-cumstances, as Officers of His Majefly's Regular Forces 5 and the Widows of all such Commifiioned Officers killed in such Extended Service shall be entitled to receive such Penfions for Life as are given to Widows of His Majefly’s Regular Foroes: Provided always, that no Officer who mail be appointed to supply any Vacancy which may arise in the Militia on such Extended Service, shall be entitled to such Half Pay, unlefil he shall actually join the Militia upon such Extended Service.

IX. And





AD.i8i3*	54°	GEO*	HI*	0*	iy«	23

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all Officers, Non Commif- Subject to houed Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the London Militia, Mutiny Aft. mending their Services to any Part of Europe, shall, upon leaving the United Kingdom upon such Extended Service, and during fuen Service until their Return to the United Kingdom, be subject to all the Laws in force for the Puniffiment of Mutiny and Defertion, in Hke manner, in every respect, as His Majefty’s Regular Forces ; and ill Officers of His Majefty’s Regular Forces shall be entitled to lit 0^cerf and h any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer, Non Commif- °®cer* °f Re~ fioaed Officer, Drummer or Private Man of the London Militia, while Courts Maftial. fio serving out of the United Kingdom under this Aft; and all Officers of the London Militia shall, during such Extended Service, be entitled to (it in any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, of His Majefty’s Regular Forces ;

y Aft or Ads of Parliament to the contrary not-

always, and be it further enacted, That all the Lon- Militia con. don Militia enrolled and formed for Extended Service as Militia to tinued and re-any Part of Europe under this Aft, shall, notwithstanding such Ex- ?*?*” tension of Service, remain subject to all the Provifions and Regula-	*su

taxis contained in the said Afts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Yean of the Reign of His present Majesty (except in such cases as are in this Aft particularly fpecified), and shall be entitled to all such Privileges and Immunities, and to such Provifions for their Wives and Families as they would have been entitled to by virtue of fach Ads if they had continued serving as the London Militia in the United Kingdom.

XL And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for His His Majesty Majesty, from time to time to make such Regulations as His Majesty may make Regu-may deem most expedient, in relation to the retaining upon the Efta- }at,on*Jfbrretain-bhffiment of the London Militia, Supernumeraries or otherwise, any ^Su rnume-Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers and Drummers of each or either	n°

Regiment of London Militia, as may not io volunteer to extend their Service to any Part of Europe, or as may not be so employed upon such Extended Service; any thing in the said recited Aft or Afts of Parliament of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth years of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII- And, in order that the Rights and Privileges of the City of Provifo for City London may not be infringed, be it further enacted, That this Aft or of London, any thing herein contained, shall not diminiffi, or be prejudicial to the Rights, Privileges, Immunities and Exemptions to which the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London or the Freemen, Citizens or Inhabitants of the said City, or the Suburbs and liberties of the fame or of all privileged Places within the Limits and Precinfts thereof, as well within the Liberties as without, are entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Aft of Parliament, Charter or Uiage; but the laid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens and Freemen, Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, shall and may continue to enjoy all and singular the said Rights, Liberties,

Ulages, Cu floras, Privileges, Immunities and Exemptions, in as full, xnple and beneficial a manner as if this Aft had not been made.

Xlll. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That this Aft Aft altered, &c. oc any of the Provifions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this present Seffion of Parliament.

54 Gso. HI.	D	XIV. And

any thing in an wkhftanding.

X. Provided

v^ooQle

34

Public A&.

C. 17, 18, 19.	S48	GEO. III.	A.D.i8i3.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

[5Ve as to Proportion of Men raised under this A3, e.38. § 4. poft*] 1

CAP. XVIII.

An Aft: for railing the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thou* sand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Bri-taiti, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[ 1 oth December 1813.]

4	TREASURY empowered to raise jfi 0,500,000 by Exchequer 4 Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G.3. c. 1.— {1,2. Trealury 4 to apply Money raised, § 3. Principal of said Bills charged on 4 first Supplies of next Seilion, $4. Intereft thereon of 3I per . 4 Cent. per Diem, § 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer ; 4 after April 5, 1815, $ 6. Bank of England empowered to advance 4 ^6,500,000. on the Credit of Aft, notwithftandmg 5 & 6 W. & M. C.20.—£7. Aft altered, &c. this Seffion, § 8.

CAP. XIX.

An Aft to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of the . Local Militia out of their Counties, under certain Reftric-tions, and until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand : eight hundred and fifteen.	[loth	December	1813.]	5

4 TT7HEREAS it is highly expedient, in the present circum-4 VV fiances, that His Majesty should be enabled to make the 4 most effectual Ufe of the Diipofable Military Force of His Realms,

4 in aid of the Efforts now making upon the Continent of Europe,

4 and for that Purpofe ftiould be empowered to accept of a limited 4 Extenfion of Service of the Local Militia, for a (hort Period, for 4 the Internal Defence of Great Britain; * Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. His Majesty That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to accept the Services of may accept any such Parts of the Local Militia of Great Britain as may make volun-Offers of Local tary Offers, duly certified by their respective Commanding Officers, out of Counties ^erv*nff u°der the Aft, out of the Counties within which they shall under certain * be enrolied, and as His Majesty may think proper, to permit so to Reftriftions. extend their Services in confeauence of such voluntary Offers as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signed by the Principal Secretary of State, directed to the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, of the said Local Militia Forces of Great Britain, to propose to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or any Part or Parts thereof, so to extend their Services under such Rules and Regulations, and upon such Allowances, as His Majesty may think fit to make and appoint in that behalf, futyeft nevertheless to the Reftriftions contained in this Aft ; and it mall be lawful for His Majesty to call out and employ from time to time, any such Parts or Proportions of any Local Militia so volunteering as aforesaid, at such times and in such manner a9 He shall 13	think



3*

ID. 1813.

54* GEO. III.

&ak fit, oat of their Counties* for any Period not exceeding such n are allowed by this Ad 5 any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to the Local Militia to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Local Serv,c«* not to Militia shall be allowed to extend its Services, or be liable to be kept aiTcmbled upon any such Extended Service under this Ad, for any	y

longer Period than Forty two Days in the whole in any One Year, including the Days of assembling and difembodying 5 and all Days of Service, under any such voluntary Offers as aforesaid, shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercife under the Ads already in force for the Regulation of the Local Militia of England and Scotland respectively ; and if they shall exceed the Number of Twenty eight Days, shall be deemed to include the Period of Training and Exercife under the said Ads.

ill. And be it further enacted. That all the Rules, Regulations, Regulations as Pnmfoes, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, to embodied Matters and Things, in the said Ads respectively contained, as to	y*

the Local Militia when embodied for Service in case of Invafion, ijOC3\ Militia IhaU extend and be construed to extend to the Local Militia when on such Ex-fcnring under any such voluntary Offers under this Ad, out of the tended Service. Counties within which they are enrolied, as fully and effectually as if the fame were severally and respectively re-enaded as to such Service of the Local Militia.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon who shall have Provifion for ferred as a Serjeant in the Local Militia for Twenty Years, or any SerKants Perfoa who, having previously served as a Serieant in the Regular ear* *r“ Armyf or in the Regular Militia, shall, by Service in the Local

Militia, make up in the whole such Period of Twenty Years Service in the Army, Militia and Local Militia taken together, and who fall be discharged on account of Age or Infirmity mall, on the Recommendation of the Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, or of the Lieutenant, or Two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding or Place to which the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, be entitled to Examination at the Cbelfea Board, and be capable of being placed on the E&ablifhmcnt of Chelsea Hofpital, if the said Board mall judge him deferring thereof, at such Rate of Penfion as shall be assigned to the SeijoLts of the Regular Militia by any Rules or Regulations made by His Majesty in their behalf.

V.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall continue in Continuance,

force until the Twenty fifth Day of March Onethoufand eight hun-	altered, lie.

died and fisteen, and no longer ; and may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Ad or Ada which ipay be pafied in the present Scf-

fioo of Parliament.

D 7

CAP.



by 

C.ao.

5"4" GEO. m.

A-D. 1813.

c*i. ante.

Power of appointing Field Officers to Pro-vifional Regiments.

C I. § 5. ante.

Militia Officers serving with higher Rank, deemed such within meaning of Aft.

Officers of Militia entitled to Half Pay.

Regulations made for retaining Officers on Eftablilhment of Militia after Expiration of Extended Service*

CAP. XX.

An Aft to explain and amend an A ft passed in the present Seffion of Parliament for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Profecution of the War \ and to extend the Provifions thereof to the Regiment of Miners o£ Cornwall and Devon.	[ 1 oth December 18x3.3

•	TT7HEREAS an Aft was passed in the present Seffion of

•	W Parliament, intituled jin A£t to enable Hit Majesty to accept

*	the Services of a Proportion of the ATilitia out of the united King—

4 dom9 for the vigorous Profecution of the War : And whereas it is

*	expedient that further Provifions should be made for the more 4 effectually carrying the said Aft into Execution, and that the Pro-4 visions of the said Aft should be extended to the Regiment of 4 Miners of Cornwall and Devon;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint any such Number of Officers of his Regular Forces or Militia as His^Majefty shall think fit, to serve during any Period of Extended Service, out of the United Kingdom, as Field Officers in the Provifiopal Regiments or Batttu* lions of Militia, formed under the said recited Aft for Extended Service, in addition to the Officers of the Militia allowed to volun~ teer for Extended Service, in Proportion to the Number of Men who shall extend their Service; and all Perfons so appointed to serve as Field Officers in any such Provifional Regiments or Battalions shall rank as Field Officers therein, in such manner as His Majesty shall ^ direct, subject nevertheless to the Provifions in the said recited A£k contained as to the Officer having the Chief Command in every fuel* Provifional Battalion being a Field Officer of Militia.	s.

II.	And be it further enacted, That all Officers of Militia who shall be appointed by His Majesty to serve in any Provifional Batta* lion of Militia, formed for Extended Service, with higher Rank than that which they previously held in the Militia, shall be deemed and * taken to be Militia Officers within the Meaning of the said recited '< Aft passed in the present Seffion of Parliament, and as such shall be capable of commanding such Provifional Battalions.

III.	And be it further enacted. That all Commiffioned Officer* of Militia whose Services shall be accepted by His Majesty, and who shall hereafter serve upon Extended Service out of the United Kingdom, shall be entitled to Half Pay according to the Rank in which they shall so actually serve, and not according to the Rank < in which their Services shall have been so accepted; any thing in the said Aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Hi* Majesty, from time to time, to make such Regulations as Hi* Majesty shall deem expedient for the retaining at the Expiration of any Extended Service out of the United Kingdom any Field Officers, Captains or other Officers of Militia, who mall have actually served upon any fuck Extended Service in any higher Rank* than those in

which

^.ooQle

C.20, 21*

31

which they shall hare volunteered their Services, either as Supernumeraries or otherwise, upon the Eftabliftiment of the Militia to which they belonged, with the Rank in which they shall have so actually fared, or upon such other Terms in respect to Rank and Service in the Militia as His Majesty shall think fit; any thing in any Aft or Ads of Parliament relating to the Militia to the contrary notwith-ftandiog.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Powers of r«-Provifiooa, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and cited Ad and Things in the said recited Aft of this Seflion of Parliament, and in lhis Aft to ex-th» Aft contained, in relation to the Regular Militia of Great *«*<! to Miners Britan and Ireland, shall extend and be construed to extend to Devon.”'™ the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, raised under an	g. 3. c. 7*.

A ft passed m the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for repealing an A3 made in the Thirty aglth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 fir racing a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon,

/w the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War; and for

the more ejfe3ualfy raising and regulating a Body of Minert for

tit Defence of Great Britain, in like manner and as fully and effec-

taally to all Intents and Purpofes as if the said Regiment of Miners

lad been comprised within the Provifions of the said Aft, and made

Put thereof, and as if the fame were severally and separately repeated

and re-enaftcd in this Aft as to the said Regiment of Miners; and Afts conftrued

the said recited Aft of the present Seflion of Parliament and this as one Aft.

AA Sail be construed as One Aft.

VL And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered. Aft altered, ftg. mended or repealed by any Aft or Afts of Parliament to be made io this present Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. XXI.

An Aft for charging an equalizing Duty on Scotch Salt brought to England*	[ I oth December 1813-3

*	\T 7 HE REAS for the Purpofe of equalizing the Duties for or 1 W in respect of Salt made in that Part of Great Britain called

*	England, and Salt brought from Scotland into that Part of Great

•	Britain called England, it is expedient to impose the additional

•	Duty hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-feat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight Addition*! Dutj handled and fourteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and Sn Sa<^b.r,°’^,ht paid, to and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, int™Engl*nd. the additional Duty hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay. For every Bafbd of Salt or Rock Salt which shall be brought from Scotland kto that Part of Great Britain called England, accompanied with t Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the Duty of Tour Shillings, imposed by an Aft made in the Forty third Year g.i.c.6s of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, Sch. A. saitalfd An A3 to repeal the Duties of Excife payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and also the idSfioad Duty of Two Shillings, imposed by an A& made in the #

D 3	Forty





38

45 G. 3. C.14. §i-

In eaK s of Contrail, Duty added.

How Duty levied.

Application of Money.

52 G. 3. c.17.

C. 21} 22.	540	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1813.

Forty fifth Year of His said Majesty, intituled An A8 for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain (a) \ for every Bulhel of Salt or Rock Salt made at any Salt Work taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland, to be paid by the Mailer or Commander of every Ship or VelTel bringing or importing such Salt or Rock Salt, before the Landing thereof. Three Shillings.

(a) [Query', What is the Duty meant to be imposed on the JirJl mentioned Salt .*]

II.	And whereas Contrails or Agreements may have been made before the palling of this Adi by Dealers in Salt or Rock Salt re-fpedlively in that Part of Great Britain called England upon which the additional Duty is by this Adi imposed for such Salt or Rock Salt rdpedtively, to be delivered after the said Fifth Day of Ja-nuary ; Be it therefore enacted, That such Dealers delivering any such Salt or Rock Salt after the said Fifth Day of January in pur-fuance of any such Contradl or Agreement, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duty by this Acl imposed for or in respect of such Salt or Rock Salt which shall have been charged with the said Duty to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Adi to be paid for the fame accordingly.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said Duty by this Adit imposed shall be afeertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and adjudged in such and the like manner as the Duties of Four Shillings and Two Shillings per Bufhcl respectively imposed by the said Adis made in the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for Salt or Rock Salt brought from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England, accompanied with a proper Certificate, is by any Law or Laws in force at the time of palling this Adi to be afeertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered or adjudged.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duty by this Adi imposed (the necefiary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted 1 shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty's Exchequer together with the said recited Duties imposed by the said Adis made in the Forty third and Forty fifth Years aforesaid, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain.

CAP. XXII.

An Adi to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, an Adi of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prefervation of the Peace by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.	[10th December 1813.3

4 VT^ HEREAS an Adi was patted in the Fifty second Year of * W His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 for the more 4 eJfeBual Prefervation of the Peace by enforcing the Duties of Watch-4 mg and Warding, until the Firjl Day of March One thousand eight 4 hundred and fourteen, in Places tv here Disturbances prevail or ora 4 apprehended: And whereas the said A€t has by Experience been 4 found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the fame should 4 be continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords

Spiritual



39

Afl.1813.	54«GEO.m.	C.	22,23.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament allembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Adi mall, from and after the said First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, be and the fame is hereby continued until the continued. Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

CAP. XXIII.

An A& to amend an Ad of the Fifty third Year of His Ma-jefty’s Reign, intituled An A51 for the Relief of bifolvent Debtors in England.	[10th	December	1813.]

•	YY7HEREAS an A61 passed in the Fifty third Year of His 53 G. 3. ciot.

*	W Majcfly’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the Relief of Jnfol-4 vent Debtors in England, and it is expedient to amend the said 4 AdBe it therefore enacted and declared by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be Pbce for hold-lawful for the Commifiioner appointed or to be appointed by virtue inS Court.

of the said Ad, to hold the Court established by virtue of the said Ad, and to exercise his Office as occasion shall require in any Part of England; but nevertheless such Commifiioner shall at all times have aa Office in Come convenient Place, either in the Cities of London or Wefimuser, or in the County of Middlefext witliin the Bills of Mortality, for the Difpatch of Bufinefs.

4 IL And whereas it is required by the said A61 that every 53 G. 3.0.10*.

4 Prisoner applying by Petition to the said Court to be discharged § 1.

4 by virtue of the said A61 shall previously take the Oath required

4 by the said Ad, and that such Petition, with the Schedule in the

4 (aid Ad mentioned, and the said Oath, shall be filed as in the faid

4 Ad mentioned ; and it has been found inconvenient that such Oath

4 should be taken previous to such Petition, and the Order thereon

Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said Ad as

requires such Oath to be taken before the presenting of such Petition*

and to be filed therewith, and that Notice thereof should be given as

provided by the said Ad, be and the fame is hereby repealed from in part repeaie^#

and after the passing of this Ad.

III.	And be it enacted. That instead thereof, from and after petition to con-the palling of this Ad, fuph Petition shall contain an Offer to take tain an Offer t# the Oath required by the said Ad, in such Form as the circumstances take Oath.

of the case shall require; and that the said Oath shall be taken upon or after the Examination of such Prisoner under the said Ad, and shall thereupon be filed as the said Ad directs ; and that the Notice required by the laid Ad to be given upon the Order made on such Petition shall not extend to such Oath : Provided always, that in all pr0Tjf0 cases in which such Oath shall have been taken l>efore the passing of this Ad, the iame shall be of the fame Force and Effed as if this Ad had not been made, and the said Court shall proceed therein accordingly, if the said Court shall think fit.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which No- Notices under tices of the Petition of any Prisoner for Difcharge under the said recited Ad ho* Ad, and of the Schedule of such Prisoner, and a Copy of the Order S,vea

on such Petition* are required by the said Ad (a) to be served on

I") [J3 G-3- c. 10a.§ 1.]

D 4	Creditors*





4®

Court may order any other Notice.

Defe&ive

Notices

remedied.

R*te paid for Advertisement.

In Adjudication!, Creditor* need not be specified.

Court empowered to order

C. 23.	54®	GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

Creditors, or Perfons claiming to be Creditors of such Prisoner, it -i shall be lawful for the Court established by virtue of the said Ad s to dispense with such Service, and to order that Notice of such several Matters may be in the Form or to the Effed expressed in the Schedule to this Ad marked (A), or in such other Form or to such other Effed as the said Court shall direct, and that such Notice may be given either by Advertifement in the London Gazette or other Newfpaper or Newfpapers, or in such other manner as the said Court shall fee fit; and it shall be lawful to comprise Notices on behalf of several Prifoners in the fame Advertifement or Inftrument, if the said Court shall so order 5 and it shall be lawful for the said Court either to direct Lifts of the Creditors or Perfons claiming to be Creditors of each of such Prifoners to be annexed to such Notice, or to direct that such Notice shall refer to the Schedule delivered by each of such Prifoners filed in the proper Office of the said Court; and such Notice so given according to the Order of the said Court shall be deemed sufficient Notice to the Creditors deferibed in such Lift, or deferibed in such Schedule, as the case may be 5 any thing in the said Ad to the contrary not with standing ; and it shall in like manner be klawful for the said Court to order any other Notice required or authorized by the said Ad or by this Ad to be given by Advertifement in any Newfpaper or Newfpapers, or in any other manner as to the said Court shall seem fit.

V.	And be it further enacted, That in case of Defed in the Form or Manner of Service of any Notice required or authorized by the said Ad (a) or by this Ad, or in the Infertion of such Notice in the London Gazette or in any Newfpaper, or in any Mode of Notice ordered by the said Court, it shall be lawful for the said Court from time to time to adjourn the Hearing of any Petition, and to make such further Order respecting the fame, or respecting such Notice, as to the said Court shall appear to be reasonable.

(a) [53 G.3. c. 102. $6.]

VI.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Advertifement to be inserted under the Authority of the said Ad (b) or of this Ad, in any Newfpaper, shall contain more than Fifty Words, there shall be paid for the Infertion thereof at the Rate of Six pence for every Ten Words contained in such Advertifement beyond the Number of Fifty Words over and above the Sum of Three Shillings mentioned in the said Ad, and no more.

(3) [53 G.3. c. 10a. $3.]

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in the Adjudication of the said Court that any Prisoner is entitled to the Benefit of the said Ad and the Order thereon, it shall not be necefTary to specify the several Creditors and Perfons claiming to be Creditors of such Prisoner, as required by the said Ad (A, but it shall be sufficient, i£ the said Court shall think fit, to refer in such Order to the Schedule fwom to by such Prisoner, specifying such Creditors or Perfona claiming to be Creditors of such Priloner, either generally or fpe-cially, or with such Exceptions as the circumstances of the cade shall appear to the Court to require. (r) [53 G. 3. c, 102. $ 10.]

VIII.	And be it further declared and enacted, That the laid Court shall have full Power, and the fame is hereby authorized, by any Order for that Purpose, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers

or



I

I

41

AD. 1813.	54* GEO. III.	C.	23.

or Gaolers of any Prifon, or any other Officer having the Cuflody of any Prisoner, to bring before such Court, or any Juilices of tit Peace, at any Quarter Seffion or Adjourned or Special SelGon of the Peace, or out of Seffion, as to the said Court shall seem fit, aav such Priloner, for any of the Purpofes authorized by the said A & or by this Ad ; which Order every such Sheriff, Keeper, Gaoler cr other Officer shall obey 5 and for so doing such Order ihall be a luflicieiit Warrant.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Court, in (lead of ordering any Prisoner to be brought before the said Court for Examination, shall direct such Prisoner to be examined before His Majeily's Juflices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Divifion or Piace, at a General Seffion of the Peace or any Adjournment thereof, and it shall appear to the said Court, from the circumilances of the case, to be proper to authorize such Juflices to certify their Opinion, whether such Prisoner is entitled to be discharged under the Authority of the said A61, it shall be lawful for any Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner to oppose such Difcharge before such Juslices, who shall thereupon proceed to determine whether such Prisoner is or is not entitled to the Benefit of the said Ad, and shall certify such Determination to the said Court established by virtue of the said Ad, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Court to proceed to adjudge accordingly, as the said Court might have done in case fitch Priloner had been brought before the said Court; and it shall act be lawful for any Creditor or Perfon claiming to be a Creditor of such Pnfoner to oppose the Difcharge of such Prisoner before the (ad Court, unless due Notice shall not f have been given or, to such Credit or Perfon claiming to be a Creditor, according to the Order of the said Court for that Purpose, or unless some Fraud or improper Condod of such Prisoner, or some Irregularity not in question before the (aid Juslices, shall be made appear to the Satisfadion of the (aid Court.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Notice to be given of the Examination of any Prisoner before Juflices of the Peace, at their Quarter Seffion, or any Adjournment thereof, may be given bT Advertisement in some public Newfpaper, according to the Order of the find Court, for Relief of Infolvent Debtors, in the Form or to the Effed expressed in the Schedule to this Ad marked (B), or in such other Form or to such other Effed as the said Court shall direct 5 and it shall be lawful to include any Number of Prifoners m such Notice, if the said Court shall so order.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the said Court, and also the Juflices of the Peace, to whom the Examination of any Prisoner shall be referred by the said Court, shall respectively have full Power, tad they are hereby authorized, by Order of the said Court, or of the (aid Joffices respectively, as the case shall require, to cause the Keepers or Gaolers, or other Officers of any Prifon, or any other Period, to come before such Court or Juslices, as the case shall require, and to examine such Gaolers, Keepers, Officers or other Periods respectively, on Oath, touching any Matter relating to the Execution of the (aid Ad, and of this Ad, as to the said Court and the find Jnffices respectively shall seem fit $ and if any such Gaoler, Keeper, Officer or other Perfon, who shall be so examined,

(hall

Court may order Prifoners to be examined be ore Juflices in Quarter Seflions.

Creditor opjxv ling Dilchaige.

f Sic.

Notice given of Examination before Juilices.

Gaolers exs-mined on Oath by Court or Quarter Seffion3



42

Perjury.

Sheriffs and Gaolers indemnified.

General I Hue.

Treble Cofts. Provifional Afiignee appointed*

Succeffor.

Receiver.

shall wilfully forswear or perjure himself or herself on such Examination, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he or (he so offending shall suffer such Punifhmcnt as by Law may be inflicted on Perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sheriffs, Gaolers, Keepers or other Officers of any Prifon or Prifons, who have done or shall do any thing in obedience to any Order of the said Court, or of any Juftice or Justices of the Peace, authorized by any Order of the said Court by virtue of the said ACt or of this ACt, shall be and is and are hereby indemnified for and in respect of any thing so done, and every such Order shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Sheriffs, Gaolers, Keepers and other Officers re-fpeCtively, for whatsoever hath been or shall be done by them refpeCtively in obedience thereto, and shall indemnify them re-fpeCtively against any Efcape or ACtion for Escape, or any ACtion or ACtions whatsoever, which hath been or shall or may be brought against any such Sheriffs, Gaolers, Keepers or other Officers re-fpeCtively, for any thing which hath been or shall be so done as aforesaid ; and such Sheriffs, Gaolers, Keepers and other Officers refpeCtively, shall and may plead to any such ACtion the General Ifsue, and give the said Aft and this ACt in Evidence, and on Production of such Order or Orders as aforesaid, a VerdiCt shall be

?iven for the Defendant or Defendants in any such ACtion ; and on uch VerdiCt, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Actions shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their ACtion, or if Judgment shall be had for the Defendant or Defendants on Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cofts.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case no fit Perfon shall be willing to accept the Office of Afiignee of the Eftate and EffcCts of any Prisoner under the said ACt, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order such Eftate and EffeCts to be assigned to an Officer of the said Court to be appointed for that Purpose, and to be called The Provifional AJfgnee of Infolvent Debtors in England* and such Eftate and EffeCts shall be thereby veiled in such Provifional Afiignee and his Succeffors, and shall not remain in him if he shall resign or be removed from his Office, or in his Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators in case of his Death, but shall in every such case go to and be veiled m his Succeffor in Office; but such Officer shall not be bound to do any ACt with respect to such Eftate or EffeCts, except to convey or assign the fame to any Perfon or Perfons to be appointed by the said Court, Afiignee or Aflignees thereof for the Purpofes of the said ACt 5 but in case no Perfon will accept the Office of Afiignee of such Eftate and EffeCts, and the fame shall therefore remain vested in such Provifional Afiignee, and it shall appear that there are or may be Eftate or EffeCts which may be applicable to Payment of the Debts of such Prisoner, it shall be lawful for the said Court to make such Order for the Prefervation and Care thereof as to such Court shall seem necefla/y, and to appoint a Receiver or Receivers of such Eftate or EffeCts, with such Allowances and giving such Security for the fame as to the said Court shall seem fit; and such Receiver or Receivers shall duly account for and apply such Eftate and EffeCts under the Order of the said Court, and shall fell and dispose of or let and fet the fame,

if



43

it necessary, as die said Court shall direct, and shall be removed as the said Court shall think fit.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said A ft S3 3*c* as requires any such Prisoner to execute an Engagement for Pay- §10-,n P*rt rent of the Debts or Demands of the Perfons against whom such rei*a e Prisoner shall be adjudged by the said Court to be entitled to the Beneht of the said Aft, and as directs any Proceeding on such Engagement, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and instead a Recognizance thereof the said Court shall require such Prisoner to enter into a enti red into by Recognizance to The King’s Majesty for the full Amount of such Priibner, indeed Debts; and it shall be lawful tor any Creditor or Creditors of „en* w'mGer fcch Prisoner, from time to time to apply to the said Court to have re*lteJ Ait. such Recognizance put in Suit, and the fame shall be put in Suit in purfuacce of the Order of the said Court for that Purpose, if the fani Court shall fee fit; but all Proceedings thereon shall be subject Proceedings fuN-to the Order of the said Court, and any Money which shall be *)rder of recovered upon any such Recognizance shall be paid and applied °U * nn-ier the Order of the said Court, in the fame manner as any Money which might have been recovered under such Engagement as aforesaid, and the Judgment directed by the said Aft to be entered thereupon, might have been paid or applied under the Authority of the said Aft 5 and the laid Court shall in all cases proceed upon such Recognizance as the said Court might have done under the Authority of the said Aft, upon the Engagement aad Judgment thereupon by the said Aft required to be executed and entered as aforesaid: Provided always, that in case any Pro- at E*P«nce ceedrng shall be had upon the said Recognizance, the Creditor uf ceJitora. or Creditors desiring the fame shall be at the Expence of all Proceedings thereupon, but shall be at Liberty to retain such Expences, and ail Expences attending any Application to the said Court touching the fame, out of any Money to be recovered thereon, if the said Court shall so direct ; and in case any Application shall be nade to the said Court for Liberty to proceed on any such Recognizance, such Court shall order the Cods of fuen Ap- Cofts. phcation, or of any Oppofition thereto, to be paid as to the said Court shall seem just.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That in case the said Court Court may retail think fit, it shall be lawful for the said Court to receive ^davit* Affidavits of the Service of any Notice, or of any formal Pro-

ceeding in the Execution of the said Aft or of this Aft, such Proceeding. *

Affidavits being sworn either before any Officer of the said Court

appointed by the (aid Court for that Purpose, or before any

Mafter Extraordinary in Chaneery, or any Commillioner for taking

Affidavits in the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas or

Exchequer, which Affidavits such Officer, Mailer or Commiflioner Perjury.

is hereby authorized to take; and if any Perfon making any fuch

Affidavit before any such Officer, Mafter or Coramimoner, (hall

wilfully forswear and perjure himself or herself, and shall be lawfully

eoavi&ed thereof, he or (he so offending shall suffer such Puniftiment

as by Law may be inflicted on Perlons convicted of wilful and

corrupt Peijury.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Aft S3 0.3* tot, as provides a Court of Appeal from the Court eftablilhed by virtue $5R repealed.

the laid Aft, shall be and the fame it hereby repealed.

XVII.	And





44

Continuance of Ad.

Ad repealed. Ice.

0*23*	540	GEO. m.	A.D.1813^

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That this Aft shall continue- [1 in force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred

and eighteen, and thenceforth to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, and no longer.	^

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this ^ Aft or any Part thereof may be repealed or altered by any Aft •

or Afts to be made in this present Seffion of Parliament.

[See o.*8. pojl. as to Ireland, c. 114. poJl.~\

Schedule (A).

NOTICE to Creditors of hearing Petitions in Court.

* By Order of the Court for Relief of Infolvent Debtors, the

•	Petition [or, Petitions] of A. B. late of	and

4 now a Prisoner in	[or,	of A> B. late

*	of, &c. C. Z). late of, &c.

4 &c. &c.] will be heard on the	Day of

4	at

1 LIST of the Creditors of the said A. B.

4 E. F. of 4 G. H. of

or if such Lijl shall not be added to such Notice* 4 there may be added:	The	Names of the Credi-

4 tors of the said A. B. appear in a Schedule annexed to his Peti-4 tion, filed in the Office of the said Court at 4 to which any Creditor may refer.’

Schedule (B).

NOTICE to Creditors of the Examination of a Prisoner before Jullices at their Quarter Seffions of the Peace, and that such Justices are authorised by the Court to certify whether the Prisoner is entitled to the Benefit of the said Aft.

4 By Order of the Court for the Relief of Infolvent Debtor*, 4 A. B. late of	and	now	a Prisoner in

4	[or,	A. B. C. D. &c. as the case may he~] will

4 be examined before the Jullices of the Peace for 4	,	aflembled	at their Quarter Seffions of the Peace

4 at	,	on	the

4 Day of	, for the Purpofe of determining

4 whether the said A. B. is [or, the said A• B. C. D. &c. 4 are] entitled to the Benefit of the Aft for the Relief of In* 4 solvent Debtors 5 and all Creditors of the said A. B. [or, of the 4 said A. B. C. Z). &c. as the case may be~\ are required to attend 4 accordingly, if they shall think fit/

;as..

:’>v

istl

tM;.

"or-,

?'T4i

e, s

^‘T

Cap.



540 GEO. III.

C. 24.

4 S

CAP. XXIV.

An Ad for funher continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain ; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an A£t of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be fuf-pended.	[ 1 oth December 1813.]

TI7HEREAS an Ad palled in the Forty third Year of His 1V present Majesty, intituled An A8 for discontinuing certain Drawback and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and • Bounties in lieu tbernf, until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hun• drtd and four: And whereas an Ad palled in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to amend Two A8s fafttd tn the Forty third and Forty fifth Tears of His present Majesty for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain : And whereas Three other Ads palled in the Forty sixth, Forty seventh and Forty eighth Years of Hit present Majesty, for further continuing the said Ad of the Forty third Year ot His present Majesty: And whereas another Ad passed m the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An A& for further continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, certain Bounties and Drawbacks m the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain ; andfor suspending the Countervailing Duties And Bounties on Sugar when the Duties mpoftd by an A8 of the Forty Jixtb Tear of His present Majesty fall beJufpended: And whereas an Ad palled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 for repealing the several Duties of Cufioms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And whereas by Four other Ads passed in the Fiftieth, Fifty first, Fifty second and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty, the Drawbacks allowed by the laid recited Ad passed in the forty ninth Year aforesaid, and the Bounties allowed by the said recited A (ft of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty were further continued; sad it is expedient that the said Drawbacks and Bounties so continued by the laid Ads of the Fiftieth, Fifty first, Fifty second and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty, should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the several Drawbacks in the Schedule to the said lait recited Ad of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid uaexed, and the Bounties in the Schedule to the said recited Ad of the Forty fifth (a) Year of the Reign of His present Majesty annexed, shall be refjxaively paid and allowed, in like manner and under lad according to the like Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties asd Forfeit ores (except where any Alteration is made by this Ad), »the bud Drawbacks and Bounties were respectively paid or allowed before the passing of this Ad. (a) [\c. 45. But that Schedule

rttMt’S!' i'-PM	„	_	J

II. Aad

43 0.

3- C.II.

43 G.

3. c.93.

i?®*3- f »o.

£0.3.MT.«.

c-16. G.3. c.ix.

49 G. 3. c. 93.

J° O.3. c.18. &x G, 3. c. 13. S* G. 3. c. 15. S3 G. 3, c. 31.

Drawbacks in Schedule A. Inwards of 49 G 3* c- 98.

and Bounties in Schedule to 45 G. 3. c,3< allowed.

v^ooQle

4<S

Exception. When Drawbacks allowed, tec.

3* G. 3. c. 43-

49 G. 3. c.98. 45 G. 3. c 93.

To what Duty Raw Sugar lub. jett in cale of Exportation.

49G*3. c.98.

C. 24.	540	GEO. III.	A.D.	1813.

II.	And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear by Notice

in the London Gazette published on the Saturday which shall happen next after the First Wednefday in May, the First Wednefday in September One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or the First Wednefday in January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, that the Average Prices of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar taken in manner directed by an Ad made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ail for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar9 and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda I (lands in Foreign Ship/, for the Four preceding Months, computed to the Wednefday immediately preceding such Saturday aforesaid, shall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings for an Hundred Weight exclusive of the Duties of Cuftoms paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain, then and in every such case the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedules to the said recited Ads passed in the Forty ninth and Forty fifth (£) Years of His present Majesty aforesaid reipedively annexed mentioned, as cor-refponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the London Gazette shall have been given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed until Notice of any other Average shall in like manner appear in the London Gazette on any other of such Saturdays as before mentioned ; and such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like manner in every respect, and subject and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations, Reitri&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks or Bounties were paid or allowed before the palling of the said first recited Ad (except as any such Rules or Regulations are altered by the said recited Ads of the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years aforefaid).	(b)	[See Note to $ 1.]

III.	And whereas Doubts may ariie in certain cases respecting the Duty that would be chargeable on Raw or Clayed Sugar of the Produce of the Britifb Plantations, or of the I (lands of Martinique, Mariegalaute, Guadaloupe, Saint Euflatia, Saint Martins and Sabay exported from the Warenoufe in which any such Sugar shall have been secured on Importation into Great Britain ; Be it therefore enacted and declared, That, from and after the palling of this Ad any fuel Sugar so warehoused on which the Duties of Cuftoms shall not hav< been paid, which shall be exported or shipped for Exportation fron any such Warehouse, shall be subject and liable only to the Pay men of such Portion (if any) of the Duties of Cuftoms due and payabl on the Importation of Britifb Plantation Sugar into Great Britain a shall exceed the Amount of the Drawback that would have been pai or allowed on the Exportation of any such Sugar, at the time an such Sugar as aforesaid shall be so exported or shipped for Export; tion in case the full Duties due and payable thereon had been pr< vioufly paid.

* IV. And whereas by an Ad passed in the Forty ninth Year \ 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for repealix * the several Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and J 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof\ the Lord High Treasurer 4 the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’* Treasury, or anyThi 4 or more of them, are authorized to suspend the Payment of the a 4 ditional Duties of Cuftoms on Sugar granted by the said laR recit 4 Ad, either in the Whole or in Part, whenever the Average Pr

v^ooQle

47

54° GEO. III.

C.24-

*	of Sugar ascertained as directed by the last recited Aft, and by an-

*	other Aft palled in the Forty ninth Year of His Majdty, intituled 49 G. j. c.43.

4 An Aftfor regulating the Mode in which the Average Price of Brown

4 #r Mufcovado Sugary ex elusive of the Duty thereon, is to he ascertained 4 under the Provifions of an Aft faffed in the Forty sixth Tear of His 4 present Majessy, /hall be below the Prices mentioned in the said fir ft

*	recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid s And whereas it is

*	expedient, that during the Period of such Sufpension, the Counter-

*	vailing Duties on Refined Sugar imported from Ireland into Great 4 Britain, and the Equivalent Drawback or Bounty on the Ex*

*	portation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great 4 Britain, and also the additional Bounty on the Exportation of 4 Refined Sugar from Great Britain, other than to Irdandy imposed 4 and allowed by the said last recited Aft, should in like manner be

4 suspended ;* Be it therefore further enacted, That whenever the When Treasury Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commifiioners of His Majefty’s suspend Pay-Treafury for the time being, shall exercise the Power veiled in them, ™e“l of Dut^ and shall, according to the Directions of the said Aft, suspend the 49*0.3””^ Payment of the Whole or Part of the Duties on Sugar thereby im- c. 98. they shall pofcd, it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized also suspend and required, in like manner and for the like Period, to suspend either Countervailing the wbak of the additional Countervailing Duties of Cuftoms on Re- Duues>&c-fined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland imported from thence into Gnat Britain, and of the additional Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain other, than to Irelandy imposed and allowed hj the said last recited Aft, or such Part thereof respectively as shall bear a just Proportion to the Amount of Duty so suspended.

V.	And be it further enacted. That the said recited Aft of the 43 G. 3. c.ix. Forty third Year of His present Majelty, and all the Powers, Pro- furtherC0Q-vifioas. Authorities, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things in tinu£<l* the (aid Aft contained, except as the fame are varied or altered by this Aft, shall be and the fame are hereby further continued from the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, aid shall be and remain in full Force until the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, for the Port of London, and from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand right hundred and fourteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, for other Parts of Great Britain,

4 VI- And whereas by an Aft passed in the Forty seventh Year of 47 G.3. SeiT. 1. 4 His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to allow for Two Tears, c.aa.

4 from and after the faffing of this Aft,'an additional Bounty on Double 4 Refitted Sugar; and to extend former Bounties on other Refined 4 Sugar to such as shall be poundedy crafhed or broken ; and to allow • for One Tear certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar 1 exported, a certain Bounty was allowed upon the Exportation of 4 Double Refined Sugar, and also a Bounty was allowed upon the 4 Exportation of Raw Sugar; and it was enacted, that so much of	fr.

1 the (aid recited Aft as related to the allowing of a Bounty upon	f &•

4 Double Refined Sugar /hould continue in force for Two Years 4 from the passing of the (aid Aft and so much thereof as related to 4 the allowing of a Bounty upon Raw Sugar should continue in r	4	force



48 G.j» c.IS»

47 G.3. SefT.i.

C. 22. §1.4*

53 0-3- c.3*’ §5*

So much of 47G.3. Seff*.l. c. 22. as relates to Bounties on Raw Suears, Arc. continued.

Bounty on Raw Sugar governed by Average Prices of Brown Sugar published in London Gazette.

AO altered,

&c.

C.14,25.	540 GEO. III.	A.D.i8t3.

4 force for One Year from the pafling of that Adi: And whereas 4 by another Adi palled in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent

*	Majefty, intituled An A3 to amend and continue, until the Twenty ‘fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, so much 4 of an A3 of the Forty seventh Tear of His present Majesty, as 4 allows certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported9 4 so much of the said first recited Adi as related to the said Bounties

*	upon Raw Sugars was further continued with certain Alterations 4 until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred 4 and nine: And whereas so much of the said recited Adi of the 4 Forty seventh Year aforesaid, as relates to the Bounties upon Raw 4 Sugar, as altered and continued by the said last recited Adi, and 4 also the said last recited Adi altering and continuing the fame, 4 have been by subsequent Adis continued until the Twenty fifth 4 Day of March One thousand eight hundred aqd fourteen : and 4 whereas so much of the said recited Adi of the Forty feventh

*	Year aforesaid, as relates to an additional Bounty on Double 4 Refined Sugar 5 and to extend former Bounties on other Refined 4 Sugar to such as shall be pounded, cralhed or broken, was by

*	an Adi of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty continued

*	until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hun-4 dred and fourteen, and it is expedient that the said Bounties should 4 be further continuedBe it therefore enabled, That so much of the said recited Adi of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, as relates to the Bounties on Raw Sugars, as altered and continued by the said recited Adis, as likewise so much of the said Adi of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty as relates to the Bounty on Double Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar to such as shall be pounded, cralhed or broken, shall be further continued from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March Once thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

VII.	Provided always and be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred (and fourteen, the Allowance of the Bounty granted upon the Exportation from Great Britain (except to Ireland) of Brittjh Plantation Raw Sugar by the said last recited Adi of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be governed by the Average Prices of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, computed and publilhed in the London Gazette, for the Periods, at the Times and in the Manner hereinbefore directed.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That this Adi may be altered* amended or repealed by any Adi to be passed in this present Sefiion of Parliament.

C A P. XXV.

An Aft for punishing Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[10th December 1813.]

*	TT7HEREAS the railing or keeping a Standing Army within

*	VV the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Time ‘ of Peace, unless it be with the Confent of Parliament, is againlt

*	Law: And whereas it is judged aeceflary by Hit Majesty, and

4 this



A9

54* GEO. III.

tiii present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should be continued ix the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Poffef-Soas of His Maiefty’s Crown, and that the whole Number of such Forces should con lift of Two hundred and thirty fix thousand Number of four hundred and ninety seven effective Officers and Men, exclusive orce* or His Majefty’s Forces employed in the Territorial Poffeffions of the EaJI India Company, and of the Foreign Corps in Britifb Pay: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in time of Peace to any Kind of Punilhment within this Realm by Martial Law or in any other manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and eftabfifhed Liws of this Realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite for tho retaining all the before mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Difcipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or fct up Sedition, or shall desert His Majefty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punimment than the ufuil Forms of the Law will allow ;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cocfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeat Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That if any Perfon who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, &c. Officer, or who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, shall at any time during the Continuance of this Act, begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majefty’i Land or Marine Foroes, or shall not use his utmost Endeavour? to fapprefs the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mai!ay or intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer ; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy ; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrifon, Fort refs, Poft or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Go-wraor or Commanding Officer of any Garrifon, Fortrefs or Poft, to dehrer up to the Enemy or to abandon the fame; or shall speak Words, or use any other means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy; or fhaaefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrifon, Fortress, Poft or Gsard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Poft before refctyed; or shall be found fleeping on his Poft; or shall hold otfleejying upon Correfpondence with, or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel pj{* h,s or Enemy of His Majesty, either by Letters, MefTages, Signs or * C* Tokens, in any manner or way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majefty’s Lceucc, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall °f ftr’»king or fthke or use any Violence agaihft his superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; or ftiall disobey any lawful Command of Death, or such ks fttperior Officer; or shall desert His Majefty’s Service; all and Funiftiment at ettrr Perfon and Perfons so offending in any of the Matters before Court Martial arntioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this may bjflift. Realm, or in any other of His Majefty’g Dominions, or in Foreign tort*, upon Land, Or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Pdcftnneat as by a Court Martial shall be awarded.

[b&i—x 2. to 20. are the fame as the like ScBions of 53 T

54 Gao. III.

E



50

General* or other Officers commanding Stations abioarf may summon Courts Martial* in certain cales.

Provifo.

Provifo.

Non Commif-(ioned Officers and Soldiers to forfeit Pay.

Allowance to ttaolcrs, &c.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General or other Officer commanding any Station, or commanding any Division, Brigade, Detachment or diftinCl Party belonging to any Army of His Majesty which may at any time be serving in any Piace beyond the Seas out of His Majefly’s Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any Crime or Crimes, Off nee or Offences done or committed against the Property or Perfon of any Inhabitant of or resident in any such Countries by any Non Commiffioned Officer, Soldier or other Perfon, serving with or belonging to His Majefty’s Armies in the Field being under the immediate Command of any such General or other Officer, to summon and cause to assemble a Court Martial which shall consist of not lefa than Three Officers at the leail for the Purpofe of trying any such Perfon or Perfons accused or suspected of having committed any such Crime or Crimes, Offence or Offences as aforesaid, notwithstanding such General or other Officer shall not have received from His Majesty or from any Perfon having His Majelty’s Authority in that behalf any Warrant or Warrants empowering such General or other Officer to summon or assemble Courts Martial, and every such Court Martial shall have Power to try any such Perfon or Perfons so accused or fufpeCted as aforesaid, and to adjudge any such Perfon or Perfons to suffer any such Punifhinent as shall be preferibed for any Crime or Crimes, Olienee or Offences with which any such Perfon or Perfons flia.ll be charged before such Court Martial : Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Court Martial shall be executed until the General commanding in Chief the Army of which the Division, Brigade, Detachment or Party to which any Perfon so tried, convicted and adjudged to suffer Punifhment shall belong, shall have approved and confirmed the fame : Provided also, that every such Court Martial shall have such and the fame Powers for summoning and examining Witneffes ; and WitnefTes guilty ol Perjury, on Examination before them, shall be subject and liable tc the fame Penalties and Punifhments as are or shall be by any Law or Ufage in force in relation to any other Court Martial or to an] Witneffes examined before any other Court Martial.

[Sections 22. to 25. are the fame as § 21. to 24. of 53 G. 3. c. 17”

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every N011 Commiflione< Officer or Soldier sentenced to Imprifonment by any General o other Court Martial shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Da of his Commitment during the time of such Imprifonment ; and alfc that during the Continuance of any Imprifonment in any Gaol c House of Correction, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prifon c House of Correction in Great Britain, and in Ireland the Infpe&c under whose immediate InfpeCtion such House of Correction, Gat or Prifon shall be, shall receive and apply in the Maintenance of fuc Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier the Sum of Nine pence p< Diem out of the Subfiflence of such Non Commifiioned Officer i Soldier during the time that such Non Commiffioned Officer or Sc dier shall continue in Cuftody, which said Sum the Secretary 1 War in Great Britain, and in Ireland the Chief Secretary to tl Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor, or in his Abience tl Under Secretary for the Military Department, is hereby authorizi and required to cause to be paid to the said Gaoler or Keeper, < Infpe&or refpeClively as aforesaid, upon receiving an Applicatu



5*

AJ).i8i3*

540 geo. in.

ia Writing signed by any Juftice of the Peace for the County or Riding in which such Gaol, Prifon or House of Corre&ion shall be isxaily situate, toecther with a Copy of the Order under which the fekl Non Commiifioned Officer or Soldier was confined: Provided prorifo. always, that it fha.ll be lawful for the Secretary at War, or for such Chief Secretary as aforesaid, or in his Abfcnce for the Under Secretary for the Military Department for the time being, if he should think fit, to order the I flue and Payment of any Arrears of Pay, or of the Surplus of such Pay, or any Portion thereof, or of ary Arrears thereof, to or on account of such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, during or after the Expiration of the Period of bis Imprifonment, in auy Gaol, House of Correction, or Place of Military Confinement.

[Sc 3: ora 27- to 41. are the fame as § 26. to 40. of 53 G. 3. r. 17.] Mufter Roll*, XLII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all Mufter &c- venfied on Rolls and Pay Lifts which are required to be verified upon Oath, ^Mail: all be sworn before and attested by any Juftice of the Peace or a rate without Mag.strate, who are hereby authorized and required to administer Fee. such Oath and attest the fame without Payment of any Fee or Reward whatever in respect thereof, either to such Juftice or Ma-giftrate or the Clerk of any such Juftice or Magiftrate.

XLlll. And, for preventing of Fraud and Deceit in the Mufter- Giving false Cer-ieg of Soidlers, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That if any Perfon do make or give, or procure to be made or given, from Mufter*.

any fesse or untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for

Ais Abitncz from any Mufter, or any other Service which he ought

to attend or perform, upon Pretence of such Soldier being employed

on some other Duty of the Regiment, or being Tick, in Prifon, or on

Furlough ; then every such Perfon, so making, giving or procuring

such Certificate, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Penalty.

Fifty Pounds, and shall be forthwith cashiered and displaced from his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Office or Employment within this Realm, or in His Majefty's Service ; and no Certificate shall excuse the Abfence of any Soldier but for the Reafons above mentioned or one of them.

\Se3ions 44. to 46. are the fame as § 42. to 44. of 53 G. 3. c. 17.]

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, A: what time That in Great Britain the Deputy or Deputies of the Commiffary Mufter Rolls Geaeral shall, upon every Half-yearly Mufter taken by him or them 10 Miles distant rrfpe&ively of any Regiment, Troop or Company, in His Majefty’s L°ndon» Service at any Place Ten Miles distant from London, close the Mufter	Com-

RoOs of the said Regiment, Troop or Company, within Twenty nuffrry General lour Hours after such Mufter shall have been made ; and shall return of Mufters, &c, the Rolls so taken by the Poft or other safe Conveyance, within Seven Day* after their being closed, to the Office of the Commiffary General of Mufters, who shall, and he is hereby diretfted and required to trvnfmit One Set of every of the said Rolls to the Secretary at War, One to the Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Land Foroes, and One to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, on or briore the First Day of May, and Twenty ninth Day of September, rtfpe&ively following such Half-yearly Mufter: And no Alterations or Indorfements shall be made in or upon the said Mufter Irik, other than in the case of Orders of Leave or Dates of Com-and other than involuntary Errors or literal Miftakes in

E 2

writing





s»

C. 25.

54" GEO. III.

A.D.ilh3.

Penalty.

Petition of Right, 3 Car

31 Car.a. c 1.

*5*

CrnRahles, fcc. in England to quarter Officers and Men in

writing or tranferibing the said Mutter RoHs, upon Pain of forfeiting their respective l£ni ploy men ts, and the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Perfon that will sue for the fame, for every such Offence.

* XLVIII. And whereas, by the Petition of Right, in the Third Year of King Charles the Fir ft, it is enacted and declared, that the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burthened with the sojourning of Soldiers again ft their Wills ; and by a Claufe in an Adi of the British Parliament, made in the One and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and fix thousand four hundred sixty two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three pence, for paying and di/banding the Foroes, it is declared and enacted. That no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Perfon whatsoever, should from thenceforth presume to place, quarter or billet, any Soldier or Soldiers upon any Subjedl or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality or Profeffion whatsoever, without his Consent, and that it shall and may be lawful for any Subject, Sojourner or Inhabitant, to refuse to quarter any Soldier or Soldiers notwithstanding any Demand or Warrant or Billetting whatsoever: But foraimuch as at this time, and during the Continuance of this Ad, there is and may be Occafion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops and Companies, in feverai Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ;9 Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for and during the Continuance of this Ad, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Conttables, Tithingmen, ana men in Headboroughs and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Inns^Alehouses, Towns and Villages, and other Places within England, Wales and &c.	the Town of Berwick uton Tweed, and in their Default or Abfence,

for any One Juftice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and such Con-stables, and other Chief Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majefty's Service, and Perfons receiving Pay in His Majefty’s Army, in Inns, ^Livery Stables, Alehouses, Vidualling-houses, and the Houfes of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging ; other than and except Canteens held and occupied under the Authority of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, or of the Department of the Ordnance, and other than and except Perfons who keep Taverns only, being Freemen of the Company of Vintners of the City of London, who were admitted to the Freedom before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, or who since have or shall hereafter be admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Perfons who keep Taverns only have taken out Vi&ualling hut in no Dif- Licenfcs; and all Houfes of Perfons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, tillers' or Shop- Cyder or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank in Houses, other than keepers Houles, an(j except the House or Houfes of any Diftiliers, who keep Houfes Houfes.^ pr‘vate or Places for diddling Brandy and Strong Waters, and the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes than in Brandy and Strong Waters (fo at such Diftillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or suffer Tippling in his or their Houfes), and in no other, and in no private Houfea

whatsoever 1

v^ooQle

AJJ.iSiJ.	54* GEO.IK.

C-*S-	S3

whatsoever ; nor shall any more Billets at any time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers present to be quartered ; all which Billets when made oat by such Chief Magistrates or Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present: And if any Conftabie, Tithingman, or such like Officer or Magistrate, as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any such private House, without the Confent of the Owner or Occupier, in such case such Owner or Occupier shall have his or their Remedy against such Magiftrate or Law Officer, for the Damage that such Owner or Occupier shall sustain thereby: And if any Officersquartfr-Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwile ing Soldiers con -than is limited and allowed by this Adt, or shall use Or offer any J£ary10 Menace or CompuKion to or upon any Mayors, Conftables or other c'

Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and difeourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Military Officer shall, for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witneffes), be deemed and taken to be ipso faffo cashiered, and shall be utterly p^,foment. dfibWd to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majefty’s Service; provided the said Convidfion be	at	the next Quarter Seffions of the Peace of the faid

Couaty, and a Certificate thereof be tranfmitte’d to the Judge Advocate u Lendon, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the Commander in Chief and Secretary at War: And in case any Perfon Perfons ag-ifaJl find himself aggrieved, in that such Conftabie, Tithingman or Srieved by being Headborough, Chief Officer or Magiftrate (fuch Chief Officer or	t0

Magiftrate not being a Juftice of the Peace), has quartered or	P

biiletted in his House a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace of the Divilion, City or Liberty, where such Soldiers are quartered; or in case fuen Cbirf Officer or Magiftrate shall be a Juftice of the Peace, then, on Complaint made to Two or more Justices of the Peace of such Drvi-tk>o. City or Liberty, such Justices respectively shall have, and have hereby Power to relieve such Perfon, by ordering such and so many of the Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other Perfon or Perfons as they shall fee Caufe 5 and such other Perfon or Perfons lull be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

* XLIX And whereas by an Adi passed in Ireland in the Sixth 6 Aon. (I.Jc.i*

*	Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An A8 to prevent the

*	Difordtrs that may happen by the marching of Soldiers and fro-1 Tiding Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their March, it

*	was, amongst other things, enacted and declared, that no Officer, § g.

4 Soldier or Trooper m the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer,

*	nor any Attendant on the Train of Artillery, nor any Yeoman of 1 the Guard of Battle Axes, nor any Officer commanding the faid

*	Yeomen, nor any Servant of any such Officer, should at any time 1 thereafter have, receive or be allowed any Quarters in any Part of

Ireland, save only during such time as he or they should be and 1 remain in some Sea Port Town in order to be transported, or 1 during such time as there should be any Commotion in any Part 1 of Ireland, by reason of which Emergency the Army or any con-1 fiderabie Pan thereof should be commanded to march from any

E 3	*	Part





54

Reputations for quartering Soldiers in Ireland.

Billetting.

Remedy.

Officers menacing Constables, Jfcc.

Puniftunent.

ConviOion affirmed at Quarter Sefiious.

€ Part of Ireland to another, or during such time or times as he or	~

* they should be on their March as aforesaid: And whereas the Bar-	-

*	racks of Ireland are not at present sufficient to lodge all the Forces

*	upon its Military Ellablifhment: And whereas it may be neceffary

*	to station Part of the Troops in Places where there are not Bar-

*	racks or not sufficient Barracks to hold them Be it enabled, and it is hereby declared and agreed by the Authority aforesaid, That it

shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding the said recited Ac!, to and	j

for the Conftables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages and other Places in Ireland\ and in their Default or Abfence for any One Juftice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others, and such Conftables and other Chief Magistrates as aforesaid, or in their Default, such Juftice of Peace as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majclly’s Service in Inns, Livery Stables, Ale Houses, and the Houfes of Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houfes or Places thereunto belonging, and all Houfes of Perfons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Mctheglin, by Retail; and where there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then in such manner as has been heretofore customary, taking care not to billet less than Two Men in any One House, except only in the case of billetting Horse or Dragoons in manner hereinafter mentioned; nor shall any Billets at any time be ordered for more than the Number of effective Soldiers present to be quartered; all which Billets, when made out by such Chief Magistrates or Conftables or Juftice of the Peace, as the case may be, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Staff Officer emploved, or of the Commanding Oificer present; and if any Constable or such Chief Officer or Magiftratc as aforesaid shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the Meaning of tins Ac!, without the Confent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; then such Owner or Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law again ft such Magiftrate or Officer for the Damage that such Owner or Occupier shall sustain thereby, and such Constable, Chief Officer or Magistrate, being duly convicted of such Offence by Indidlment, shall be imprisoned for the Space of One Calendar Month; and if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this A&, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulfion to or upon any Mayor, Constable or other Chief Officer before mentioned, tending to deter or difeourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed, or to induce any of them to do any thing contrary to their said Duty, such Military Officer shall, for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Jutlices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witm ffes, be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment wlratsoever: Provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Affixes or Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the said County, or County of a City or Town, and a Certificate thereof transmitted to the Secretary at War; and in case any Perfon shall find himself aggrieved in that such Constable, Chief Officer or Magiftrate not being a Juftice of the Peace, has quartered or billetted in his House a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear m

proportion

^.oogie

iD.1813.	54p GEO. III.	C.	2$*	SJ

ppor.ion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to One or

sorejait ce or Justices of the Peace of theDivilion, City or Liberty,

iwtfjch Soldiers are quartered, or in case such Chief Officer or

Migrate ftia.ll be a Juftice of the Peace, then on Complaint made Justices, Juri£

toTffOor more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City or Li- ^tttiou of.

bfrty,such Juftice or Justices refpedivcly shall have, and have hereby

Poorer to relieve such PeHons by ordering such and so many of the

Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other Perfon or

Perionsas he or they shall fee cause, and such other Perfon or Perfons

kd be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

[&u,W 50. to 5*5. are the fame as § 48. to 53. of 53 G. 3. c. 17,]

LVl. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That officers Men the Omcers, Men and Horfes, belonging to His Majefty’s Horse or and Horfes, be-Dn??o>n$, and also all Bat and Baggage Horfes belonging to any of longing to the HiiMatty'S other Foroes, and also the Horfes belonging to Staff ft°rle or Drawl Field Officers in His Mijefty's Forces when upon actual Service,	e

aoteiceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or Horfes fco.^how fcall be allowed by His Majelty’s Regulations, shall and may be quartered, &c. qojrt/red and billetted in the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses,

Victualing Houses, and other Houfes in which Officers and Soldiers vt by thu Ad allowed to be quartered and billetted, and that they (tailhe rectwed and furniflied by the Owners or Occupiers of such Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Vidualling" Houses, and other Houfes a which they are so allowed to be quartered and billetted, with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, and Hay and Straw for such Horfes, paying and allowing for the fame the several Rates tiut are or shall be ellablifhed by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force in that respect.

[Ssdions 57. to 60. are the fame as § 55. to 58. of 53 G. 3. e» 17.]

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Constables, &c. if any High Constable, Constable, Beadle or other Officer or Perfon Money taking wfcatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Ad, shall quarter orbilkt, or be employed in quartering or billetting any Officers or quar^erjug-Soldien, shall neglect or refuse to quarter or billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this Ad directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, contract or agree far any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her or their House or Houses, any such Officer or Soldier; or in case any Vidualler, or Vi&uallers relay other Perfon liable by this Ad to have any Officer or Soldier fufin8 to quarter billetted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or vidual So^cr*’ any such Officer or Soldier so quartered or billetted upon him or her as aforesaid ; or shall refuse to furnish or allow according to the Diredions of this Act the several Things hereinafter respectively directed to be furniflied or allowed to Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid; or (tall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and iufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid, at the Rate that is or shall be ellablifhed by any Ad or Ada of Parliament in force in that re-(jk&, and shall be thereof convicted before One or more Juftice £ 4	or

"



Penalty,

how applied.

Officers and Soldiers to pay Rates for Diet.

Innholders fur oilhing Men quartered with Candles, &c. gratia.

In what case Men to provide their own V&tuls and Small Beer.

C. 2$+	54®	GEO.	IIL	A.D.	1813.

or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confeffioa or by the Oath of One or more credible Witncfs or Witneffes (which Oath the said Juft ice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to adminifter), every such High Constable, Constable, Beadle or other Officer or Perfon so offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, or any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings (as the said Juftice or Justices before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall in his or their Difcre* tion think fit); to be levied by Diftrefs aud Sale of the Goods of the Perfon offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Juftice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convi&cd, or of One or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parifh where the Offender shall dwell; which said Sum of Five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, when levied, shall be applied in the first Place in making such Satif-faCtion to any Soldier for the Expence he may have been put to by reason of his not being billetted or quartered as aforesaid, as such Juftice or Justices shall order and direCt 5 and the Remainder shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parifh if in England, and to the Churchwardens of the Parifh if in Ireland, wherein the Offence shall be committed, or to some One of them, for the Ufe of the Poor of the said Parifh.

[Seflions 62. and 63. are the fame as §60. and 61. of S3 G. 3. **17*] LXIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enaaed, That the Officers and Soldiers so quartered and billetted as aforesaid, shall be received and fumifhed with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Houses, and other Houfes in which they are allowed to be quartered and billetted by this ACt 5 paying and allowing for the fame the several Rates that are or shall be established by any ACt or ACts of Parliament in force in that respect.	[Rates fixed, c. 55. pojl]

LXV. Provided always, That in case any Innholder, or other Perfon on whom any Non Commiffion Officers and Private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this ACt (except on m March or employed in recruiting, and likewise except the Recruits by them raised, for the Space of Seven Days at most for such Non Commiffion Officers and Soldiers who are recruiting and the Recruits by them raifed), shall be desirous to fumifh such Non Commiffion Officers and Soldiers with Candles, Vinegar and Salt gratijt and allow to such Non Commiffion Officers or Soldiers the Ufe of Fire, and the necessary Utenfils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice of such his Defire to the Commanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the fame accordingly; then and tn such case the Non Commiffion Officers and Soldiers so quartered shall provide their own Vi&uals and Small Beer; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive the Pay and Subfiftence of such Non Commiffion Officers and Soidlers, shall pay the several Sums to be payable out of the Subfiftence Money for Diet and Small Beer to the Non Commiffion Officers and Soldiers as aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Perfon on whom fi	fuch

LiOOQle

57

AJ). 1813.

540 GEO III.

C. 25.

fad Nod CommifBon Officers and Soldiers are quartered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. And, that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers may hfreafter be duly paid and satisfied, and His Majefty's Duties of Excite better answered, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of March One thou-fend eigiit hundred and fourteen, every Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive the Pay or Subfiftence Money, diver for a whole Regiment, or particular Troops and Companies, or otherwise, shall every Four Days, or before the Troops shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, fettle the just Demands of all Perfons keeping Inns, or other Places whert 0Seen or Soldiers are quartered by virtue of this A 61, out of the Pay and Subfiftence of such Officers and Soidlers, before any Part of the said Pay or Subfiftence be distributed to either of them reflectively : And if any Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall not fetiify, content and pay the fame, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witneffes, at the next Quarter Sefiions for the County or City where such Quarters were (which Oath the Juifcces of the Peace at such Sellions are hereby authorized and required to adminiiler), the Secretary at War in England, and the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the Under Secretary for the Military Department in Ireland^ is hereby required and authorized (upen Cert ricate of the said Justices before whom such Oath was • zade,o/ the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Perfons to whom tie fame is owing), to give Orders to the Agent of the Troop or Company to pay and satisfy the said Sums, and to charge the lame agiinft such Officer.

LXVIL And be it further enacted, That m case of any Troop or Company being suddenly ordered to march, and that the respective Commanding Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodgings for the Men, and Stabling for the Horfes, every such Officer shall before his Departure make up the Account with every Perfon with whom such Troop or Company may have keen quartered, and (ign a Certificate thereof, which Account and Certificate shall be tranfmhted to the Agent of the Regiment, that immediate Payment may be made, which he is hereby required to make accordingly, and to charge the fame to the Account of such Officer.

68. to 90. are the fame aif66. to 88. of 53 G. 3. r. 17.] XCI. And be it further enacted, That any Perfon who shall enlist into His Majefty’s Foroes, and who shall be difeovered to be incapable of active Service by reason of any Infirmity which shall tore been concealed by such Perfon, or not declared before the Joftice of the Peace at the time of his Attestation, and mentioned aft the Foot thereof, may be transferred into any Garrifon or Veteran or Invalid Battalion, or into His Majefty’s Marine Foroes, not-withffcuxfing he shall have enlisted for any particular Regiment, and toll be entitled to receive such Proportion or Refidue of Bounty only as shall be allowed by His Majesty by any Regulation made in tot Behalf, in tiefl and kiftead of the Bounty upon which such Man toll toe been enlisted ; any thing in any A6t or A&s of Parliament, •r ary Rales and Regulations relating to Soidlers, to the contrary tftwithibmdtag.

[toto19*. the fame cu j 90. of 53 G. 3. e. 17O

XCIII. Pro*



Officers receiving Fay to fettle Demands of Innkeepers.

Officers not

Satisfying Accounts charged against them by Agents.

Quarters not paid for before Marching of Troops, Certificate of Amount transmitted to Agent.

Concealing Infirmities on efi-lifting transferred to Garri-fon, &c. Battalions, of Marine*.

Enliftm* r.nd wilfully c-nceal-ine; any Infirmity.

Punifliment.

Advertizing for Keener without Authority.

Penalty.

Imprifo: ment.

How M iftrrs in Sco'land flu:; I proceed to recover Apprentices.

C.2$.	54°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it further enaited, That it shall be lawful for any Two Jultices of the Peace or Magiilrates before whom any Perfon shall be brought who has enliiled, and who shall be proved upon Oath before them, and convicted of having wilfully concealed any Inch Infirmity upon being attested, or of having knowingly, wilfully and deliguedly made any such false Reprefenta-tion as aforesaid, to adjudge such Perfon to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and such Perlon shall thereupon he fubjeit to such Punilliment as by and under any Statutes or Laws now in force may be inflicted upon Rogues, Vagabonds and Vagrants and incorrigible Rogues, to be adjudged by the Justices of the Peace or MaiJltrUes io convicting any Inch Perfon as aforesaid.

* XC1V. A..d whereas various Perfons are in the habit of ad-

*	veruzing for Recruits for Regiments of the Line, the Militia, or ‘ for the . or vice of the Honourable The East India Company ; and

*	alfo under tfir Pr tence of procuring Subflitutes for the fame, to

*	the great Detr.in^nt of the Service Be it therefore further enacted, That all Perfons whatsoever who shall after the paffnig of this Ait advertize, poit or dilperse, or caufc to be advertized, post d or difperf d, Bills for the Purpofe of procuring Recruits or Subflitutes, or shall open or keep any Houfes or Places of Rendezvous purporting in any manner whatever to be connected with the Recruiting S rvice or Department for the Line, Militia or East India Company, or shall interfere or he concerned directly or indirectly in any manner or way therewith (except such recruiting Parties as may be Rationed under the Command and Direction of the refpeitive Field Officers of Diltriits, without the express Permiflion in Writing of the Adjutant General, if for the Line or Militia, or of the Court of Directors, if for tin* Honourable East India Company’s Service), or shall receive any Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid at his House or Office under any such Bill or Advertifcmcnt on any Pretence whatever, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence; to be recovered on Conviction before a Magilirate, One Moiety to the Informer and the other to the Poor of the Parifh where fuen Information shall be laid ; and on Default of Payment thereof, shall be committed to the Common Gaol or other public Prifon, at the Difcr<non of the Magilirate, for any Period not exceeding Three Months and not 1c fs than One Month for each and every such Offence.

[Sections 95. and 96. are the fame as § 93. and 94. of 53 G. 3.

c. J 7 I

XCVII And be it further cnaited, That no Maftcr in Scotland fit..11 be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the pafiing of this Act, enlist ns a Soldier in His Majclty’s L.and Service, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of at leall Four Years by a regular Contrail or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, iigned and telied, and binding on both Parties by the Law ol Scotland, prior to the Period ol Knlitl-ment, and uuhfs such Contract or Indenture, so duly executed, shall within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprentice-lliip, and before the Period of Enlillment, have been produced to a Juitice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been indorffd thereon by such Juilice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when, and the Perfon by whom such Contrail or Indenture shall have been so produced,

15	which

Gooele

59

which Certificate or Declaration such Juftice of the Peace is hereby required to endorfe and sign ; and unless such Apprentice fhull, when ckimedby such Mafter, be under Twenty one Years of Age, and unless such Mailer shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have abfeonded or left his Service, go before some Mice of the Peace, and before such Jullice of the Peace take the Oith mentioned in the Schedule to this Adi annexed, marked (K.), and produce the Certificate of such Juftice of the Peace of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Juftice of the Peace is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Ait annexed, marked (L..): Provided always, that any Mafter of Provifo. an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover any such Apprentice in the Form and manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bouad for a Lefs Term than Seven Years in England, or Four Years in Scotland.

[Stdions 9*. to IOC. are the fame as § 95. to 102. of 53 G, 3. c.17.]

CVl. Provided always, and be it further ena&cd, That if any In what cases P?rfon who shall have been hired to serve any Mafter for a Year or Servant entitled othenme, shall before the Expiration of his Term of Service NV agc* uadeT such Hiring, enlist into His Majefty’s Service, such Perfon ° C°

(haftbe entitled to such Proportion of Wages as the Magiftrate shall think proper from his Mafter, for the time he has actually served under such Hiring, notwithstanding he shall have failed, in confe-quence of such enlisling, in completing the full Term of Service agreed for under such Hiring 5 and the Magiftrate shall give an Order and take such other Steps as shall be necessary to enforce the Payment of such Proportion within Four Days after the Amount (hill haTe been declared by such Magiftrate. iStctions 107. and 108. are the fame as § 104. and 105. of 53 G. 3.

4 CIX. And whereas several Soidlers, being duly listed, do after-« wards desert, and are often found wandering, or otherwise absenting 4 themselves illegally from His Majefty’s Service It is hereby further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Constable, Headborough or Tythingman of the Town or Place where any Perfon who may be reasonably suspected to be such a Deferter shall be found, or if no such Constable, Headborough or Tything-man can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Soldier m His Majefty’s Service to apprehend, or cause such suspected Perfon to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Juftice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Perfon ; and if by his Consession, or the Teftimony of One or more Witnefs or Witnefies upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Juftice of the P^ace, it shall appear or be found that such fufpe&cd Perfon is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, fuen Juftice of the Peace shall without Fee or Reward to himielf or Clerk, forthwith cause him to he conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or the House of Correction, or other public Prifon in such Town or Place ■®here such Deferter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case loch Deferter shall be apprehended within the City of London or iVtjlminJhr, or Place* adjacent; or to the Provoft Mar dial in cafe

fuch

Juft ices committing De-ferters.





Keepers of ■Gaols, &c to receive Deferter* on tht March.

Fee.

Concealing

Deferters.

Penalty.

Diftrefs.

Goods not sufficient.

Imprisonment.

C. 25.	54° GEO. in.	A.D.	1813.

such Deferter ftudl be apprehended within the City or Liberties of DuUUty or Places adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this A& marked (N.), to the Secretary at War for tire time being in London; or if the Deferter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary, to the Chief Governor or Governors thereof, to the end that such Perfon may b£ removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded againu according to Law 5 and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Cor-re&ion or Prifon, in which such Deferter shall at any time be confined, shall receive such Subfiftence for the Maintenance of. such Deferter during the time that he shall continue in his Cuftody, as by His Majefty’s Regulations is or shall from time to time be directed in that behalf; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction of other public Prifon of the City, Town or Place, at or in which the Party or Perfon conveying such Deferter shall halt on the March, shall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine every such Deferter, who shall be delivered into his Charge and Cuftody by any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier who shall be conveying such Deferter under any lawful Order, Warrant or Authority, while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended, to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warrant or Authority for so doing than the Production of the Warrant of the Juftice of the Peaec, on which such Deferter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Cuftody of the said Deferter, while the Party or Perfon conveying him shall halt on the March ; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

[SeSionj no* and in. arc the fame as $107. and 108. of 53 G» 3. I7-]

CXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Perfon fhaU harbour, conceal or assist any Deferter from His Majefty’s Service, knowing him to be such, the Perfon so offending shall forfeit for every fudi Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Wit-neffes, before any of His Majefty’s Juft ices of the Peace, the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of such Juftice of the Peace, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender ; One Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to which any such Deferter did belong, and shall be credited by such Agent in his Public Accounts, and a Report of the Penalty being adjudged shall be made to the Secretary at War by the Juftice of the Peace by whom the fame shall have been imposed 5 and in case any such Offender, who shall be Convicted as aforesaid of harbouring, concealing or assisting any such Deferter, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs may be made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty withir Four Days after such Conviction, then and in such case such Juftice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to rejnain, without Bail or Mainpme, for the Space of Six Months : Provided alfo

thai



61

iD* 1813.	54®	GEO.	ni.	C. 25.

«tint if any Perfon shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or other- Receiving receive from any Soldier or Deferter, or any other Perfon, upon Arm*? m Account or Pretence whatsoever, any Arms, Clothes, Caps or ©r Deferter*” other Furniture, belonging to The King, or any Meat, Drink, Beer *c# or other Proviiion, provided under any Regulations relating thereto, or any such Articles belonging to any Soldier or Deferter, as are generally deemed Regimental Neceffanes, according to the Cuftom of the Army, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, the Perfon so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds ; or it any Perfon shall buy or receive any Pentlty.

Oau, Hay, Straw or other Forage, provided for the Ufe of any Buying Oati,

Horse or Horfes belonging to His Majefty’s Service, from any Dra- *£■

goon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or shall move, pro- service?6 * *

core, counsel, solicit or entice any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing

him to be such, to fell or otherwise cjifpofe of any such Oats, Hay,

Straw or other Forage as aforesaid, the Perfon so offending fhall

forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds ; and upon Penalty,

Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Wit-

BeiTes, before any of Hia Majefty’s Juflices of the Peace, the faid

refpetkive Penalties of Five Pounds, and Five Pounds, shall be levied how applied.

by Warrant under the Hand of such Juftice of the Peace, by Dif-

trcfft and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One

Moiety of the said first mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid

to the Informer, and One Moiety of the said last mentioned Penalty

of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and the Reiidue of the

said respective Penalties to be paid to the Agent of the Regiment or

Corps to which any such Deferter or Soldier did belong, who fhall

report the lame to the Secretary at War and credit the fame in hia

Psblic Accounts ; and in case any such Offender who shall be con- Receivers, lie.

vided as aforesaid, of having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes,

Caps or other Furniture belonging to The King, or any such Meat,

Drrnk, Beer or other Provisions, or any fuen Articles generally deemed Regimental Neceflariea, or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, or of having bought or received any Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage, provided for the Ufe of any Horse or Horfes belonging to His Majefty’s Service from any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or of having moved, procured, counfelied, solicited or enticed, any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent of this A&, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered a gain ft him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties upon such Convi&ion, or give sufficient Security for Payment thereof within the Space of Four Days from such Convi&ion, then and in such case such Juftice of the Peace shall and may, by In whatcafe Warrant tinder his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to Offender lathe Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Three Months* or cause such Offender to be publicly or privately whipped at the Difcretion of such Juftice.

[SeBimu 113**0 ll6. or# the fame <u $ no. to 1x3. of 53 G. 3.

CXVII. Pro*





His M*jefty nxav nuke Regulations for advancing Money

in cites o- 1.x-tenfinn of Furlough.

Officers,&c. of Trains of Artillery, £c. tubjert to Art.

Innkeepers re- • fusing to receive Soldiers.

C.25.	540GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

CXVII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That it shall 1 be lawful for His Majesty to make any such further or other Regulations for the advancing of any Sums of Money in all such cases of Extention of Furlough, and for the Re-imburfement thereof as may be from time to time necessary for the carrying the fame into EfFc&. and entnring the immediate Advance of such Money, where necessary, in Great Britain or Ireland, and the due and regular Re-unburle-ment thereof.

[ScBions 118. to 129. are the fame as § 114. to 125* of 53 G3.

c. 17. |

* CXXX. And whereas it may otherwise be doubted, whether

*	the Officers and Perfons serving in the Royal Artillery, and thofe

*	hired to be employed in the Trains of Artillery, or the Officers

*	ferving in the Corps of Royal Engineers, or the Officers and Per-

*	fons serving in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftf-

*	men, or the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, or the Mafter

*	Gunners, and Gunners under the Ordnance, be within the Intent 4 and Meaning of this A 61 ;* It is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers and Perfons serving and hired to be emploved, or who shall serve and be hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery, and in the several Trains of Artillery, and all Officers serving or who shall serve in the Corps of Royal Engineers, and all Officers and Perfons serving or who shall serve in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftfmen, or in the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, and all Mafter Gunners, and Gunners who now are or shall be under the Ordnance, shall be at all times subject to all the Penalties and Punifhments mentioned in this A£t, and shall in all respects whatsoever, be holden to be within the Intent and Meaning of every Part of this A61, during the continuance of the fame, and shall be quartered and billetted, together with the Horfes employed for the Service of the said Corps, in the fame manner and under the fame Penalties and Regulations as are directed by this A& to be observed in quartering and billetting the Officers, Soldiers and Horfes, of His Majefty’s other Forces 5 and all Innkeepers and others on whom the Officers and Perfons serving in the said Corps, and the Horfes employed therein shall be legally quartered, refusing to receive and provide for them as is directed for the Officers, Soldiers and Horfes,of His Majefty’s other Foroes, shall be subject to the fame Penalties as in the case of His Majefty’s other Forces.

\_SeSions 131. to 151. are the fame as § 127. to 147. of 53 G. 3* r. 17. — Schedules A. to H. are the fame as the lihe Schedules of 53 G. 3. c. 17.]

SCHEDULE (I.)

T	One	of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace of

* [or, Chief Magiftrate of	]	do hereby certify, That

appeared to be	Years

old,	Feet	Inches	high,	Complexion,

Eyes,	Hair,	came	before	me	at

on the	Day	of	and	ftated himself to be of

the Age of	Years,	and	that	he	had	no	Rupture, and

was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lamenefs,

Deafnefi



<*3

A.D.1813.	54o GEO. III.	C.25,26.

•	.	Deafnefs	or otherwise, but had the perfect Ufe of In’s Limbs and

Hearing, and was not an Apprentice legally bound To as to prevent his enlilling, and acknowledged that lie had voluntarily enliiled Bimlelf for the Bounty of	to	ierve	the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and »id engage to serve for the Period of	[this	Blank to be

find up by tbs JdEigiflrate either until ilifcharged or for Tears as ui the preceding Form cf Enhjhncnt~\ ; and I do hereby certify, that in my Pre fence the Third and Fourth Articles of the S cond . Stdion and the Fir ft Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War againil Mutiny and Defertion, were read over to him, and 1 he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the A cl of the Fiftieth 50 G 3. c. S;. YesrofHis present Majesty, and alio the Oath above fet forth, and that he received the Sum of	on	being	attriled,	and that I

hive given to the faid	a	Duplicate	of	this	Certificate,

*	#	Cgned	with my Name.

[Schedules K. to O. are the fame as the like Schedules of ^3 G.3. c. 17.

A'tie, this Aft is in all other respects similar to 53 G. 3. c. 17. ex-cept as to the Dates.— Rates of Su If fence increafd, c. 55. poJL~\

CAP. XXVI. hn AA for repealing the Duties of Cufloms on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

[loth December 1813.]

4 \T7 HERE AS it is expedient that the Duties of Cufloms pay-• W able on the Importation of Madder into Great Britain 4 should cease and determine, and that other Duties of Cuftoms 4 should be imposed in lieu thereofBe it therefore enabled by The King** Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That, from and after the pafling of this Aft, the several Duties of Cuftoms (a), imposed by an Aft palled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for repealing the several Duties of Cufloms chargeable in Great Britain, and for grant- , 1( us?other Duties in lieu thereof and by an Aft palled in the lall SclTion c ^8. of Parliament, intituled An Aft for granting certain additional Duties, 53 G. 3. c. 3 j. of Cufoms imported into and exported from Great Britain, shall cease to cease. acd determine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof refpeftivelv, which may, on the palling of this Aft remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the pafluig of this Aft.	(a) c. 27. pofT\

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and alter the pafling Ad valorem of this Aft, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto Duty of 5 per His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, upon all Madder imported into	oa

Great Britain a Duty of Cuftoms of Five Pounds for every One hun- A er* dred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, which Value shall be afeertaraed according to the Declaration to be made by the Owner or Proprietor, or his known Agent, in like Manner and Form and •ader the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Conditions, and

fuch





*7 G.3.C.13. 117-

Madder Root unmanufactured and imported (except from France, kc.) before Jan.5,1816, not charged with Duty.

Duty levied as heretofore.

Application of Duties.

Ad altered, dec.

Continuance of

Ad.

c. 26. ante.

C. 76)	54° GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

such Goods shall be subject and liable to such and the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are preferibed and directed for ascertaining and col-lefting Duties to be paid according to the Value by an Aft passed in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Ma jelly's Reign, inti-tuled An A3 for repealing the federal Duties of Cujloms and Exeife, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties compoftng the Public Revenue ; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, IVares and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to she Reduction of the National Debt, or by any subsequent Aft or Afts relative thereto in force on or immediately before the palling of this Aft. (a) [See 43 G.3. c.68. $ 12.—49 G.3. c.98. § 26. —c. 122. f 1. pofl.~\

III.	And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to charge with Duty any Madder Root unmanufaftured which shall be imported into Great Britain from any Country or Place before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, except from France, or any Country, Place or Territory annexed to France, or under the Dominion of the Perfon or Perfons exercising the Powers of Sovereignty in France.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Duty of Cuftoms granted by this Aft shall and may be managed, afeertained, raised, levied, col-lested, answered, paid and recovered in such and the like manner as the Duties on Madder hereby repealed were or might be managed, afeertained, raised, levied, collcsted, answered, paid and recovered, and the Goods shall be subject and liable to all and every the Condi* tions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Seizures and Forfeitures as such Goods were subject and liable to by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the palling of this Aft.

V.	And be it further enacted. That all Monies arising from the Duties imposed by this Aft, the necelfary Charges of railing and ao counting for the fame excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Westminster, and Ihau be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the Duties of Cuftoms imposed on the like Goods under the Head of Permanent Duties were directed to be appropriated and applied.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this present Sefiion of Parliament.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall continue in force until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and no longer.

CAP. XXVII.

An Aft to rectify a Miftake in an Aft of the present SefliQn of Parliament, for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.	[	14th December 1813.]

•	XT7HEREAS an Aft was made in the present Sefiion of Pan-

•	W liament, intituled An A3 for repealing the Duties of Cufioms

•	an Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other

‘ Duties





A.D.i8i3-	54°	GEO. III.	C.27,28.	6

*	D tiles in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the Fifth Day of ‘January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen : And whereas ‘it was intended by the said A61 that the Duties of Cuftoms on ‘Madder imported into Great Britain and no other Duties fhould

; be repealed, but by Miftake the Words « on Madder” were ‘ omitted in the Claufe in the said Adi relating to the Repeal of

*	Duties of Cuftoms Now, to redlify such Mistake, be it enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Ccafent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this frefat Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That, from and after the Tenth Day of December One thousand eight Duty on Mad* hundred and thirteen, the Duties of Cuftoms upon Madder imported der on,y> re~ iato Great Britain, in the Recital of the said Adi mentioned, and no Pealeti by Ac * other Duties of Cuftoms, shall be deemed and taken to be repealed by the (aid Adi; any thing in the said Adi contained to the contrary not with Handing.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Aft for the Relief of certain Infolvent JDebtors in England.

[14th December 1813.]

*	VVJHEREAS it may promote the beneficial Purpofes of an 53 G. 3. c. 101.

*	W Aft, patted in the Fifty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign,

1 intituled An Ad for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors in England, and

*	thereby render it unnecessary hereafter to make temporary Laws for

*	the Rdief of Infolvent Debtors, if such Provifions should be made,

*	by Law, as are hereinafter enacted, for the Difcharge of such 1 Perfons confined for Debt, as are hereinafter mentioned, to the 1 Intent that the Number of such Perfons shall be thereby so re-‘ ducsd, as to render more effectual the Provifions of the said Adi of

*	the Fifty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign ;* Be it therefore

ended by The King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the	<	A

Adnce and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-	-	-j

now, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority	J

cf^hefame. That, from and after the pafling of this Adi, all and every Oaolers te-

Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon in any County, Riding, Division, quired to make

City, Town, Place or Liberty within England, shall and is and are <hh Lifts ot

hereby required to make a true, exact and perfect Lift alphabetically £^0^ on*

of the Name or Names of all and every Pcrfon or Perfons who upon ^'ov 6,1X13,

t5e Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen	’	*

was or were, and have since continued to be, and at the time of mak-

ic£ out every such Lift shall be really an idlual Prisoner or Prifoners

is the Cuftody of any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of

any Prifon refpedlitely, upon any Procefs whatsoever, for or by

reason of any Debt, Damage, Cofts, Sum or Sums of Money, or

Contempt for Non-payment of Money ; and an Account of the time

when such Prisoner f was or were respectively charged in Cuftody or t Sie.

received in Prifon, together with the Name or Names of the Perfon

or Perfons at whose Suit or Profecution such Prisoner or Prifoners

is or are detained, together with the Amount of such Debts as the

hid Pr.foner or Prifoners are detained for ; and shall deliver the fame «nd deliver fame

tot!* Justices of the Peace at their First or Second General Quarter to Jui*‘ces

Scfioos or General Seflions of the Peace, to be held after the pafling Peace*

54 Geo- HI.	F	of

C^ooQle



66

Keepers of Pri-fons to take Oath on delivering Lifts.

Oath.

c.28.

54° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Oath adminifter-ed in open Court.

Lifts kept by Clerk of Peace, and examined gratis.

At Requell of Creditors, Gaolers examined on Oatk

of this Aft, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, City, Divilion, Town, Place or Liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of His Majefty’s Prifon of the Fleet, and Marfhal of The King’s Bench Prifou, and every other Keeper and Gaoler of any other Prifon in any Place or : Liberty in England, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such Lift of Prifoncrs in their respective Cuftody, take an Oath in the open Court of such General Quarter Seflions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to the Efteft following ; that is to fay,

*	J A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Prefence of Almighty God>

4 do solemnly swear, profess and declare, That all and every Perfon

*	and Perfons whose Name or Names is or are inserted and contained 4 in the Fir ft Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and fubferibed,

4 was or were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the Sixth

*	Day of November in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight

*	hundred and thirteen, really and truly Prifoners in actual Cuftody

*	in the Prifon of [infert the Name of the Prifon] at the Suit or Suits 4 of the Perfon or Perfons therein respectively mentioned 5 and alfo

*	that all and every Perfon and Perfons whose Name or Names is or

*	are inserted or.contained in the Second Part of the said Lift now 4 by me delivered in and fubferibed as aforesaid have, since the said 4 Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen,

4 been committed or surrendered to the said Prifon of [infert the 4 Name of the Prifon] at the Suit or Suits of the several Perfon or 4 Perfons therein respectively mentioned; and that the Perfon or Per-4 fons whose Name or Names is or are therein contained, was or 4 were, to the belt of my Knowledge and Belief, really and truly 4 Prifoncrs in actual Cuftody on the said Sixth Day of November 4 One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, as appears by the Returns 4 made to me on his and their respective Commitments.

4 So help me GOD.>

Which the said Jufticcs, at their First or Second General Quarter Seflions or General Seflions of the Peace aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurifdiftions, are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Words of the said Oath hereinbefore directed to be taken by the said Warden and Marfhal respectively, and other Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be fubferibed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court ; and every such Lift which shall be so delivered in, fubferibed and sworn to in pursuance of this Aft, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of every such County, City, Town, Place or Liberty respectively in which any such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaftion of the said Jullices, and Information of all or any Prifoncr or Prifoners therein named, and so as the fame may from time to time be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prisoner or Prifoners, without Fee or Reward.

# III. And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Prifoners in any Prifon or Gaol Books, be it further enacted, That the Jullices of any General or Quarter Seffion or Adjourned Seflion are hereby authorized, at the Requeft of any Creditor

5	w



A.D.i8i3»

54° GEO. III.

C.28.

<*7

or Creditors of any Prisoner, to convene before them at some certain time to be appointed by them, any Pcrfon or Perfons who was or were Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon or Gaol within their refpcdlive Jurifdidlions, on the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or at any time, and examine every such Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper or Gaoler on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Cuf-todr of any such Prisoner, as the Jufticcs at any such General or Quarter Seflion or Adjourned Seflion shall think fit; and if any S!>ntf, Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall negied or refuse to bring before any such Juftice9, at any Seflion of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, any such Prisoner as shall be dneded and required by Warrant of any Juftice or Justices as afore-hid, or to attend on being summoned for that Purpose, he shall on Conviction Differ Six Months Imprifonmcnt; or if any Keeper or Gaoler attending shall refuse to make Anfwer and Difcovcry in the Premifes as shall be reasonably required, at such General or Quarter SelSans or Adjourned S.flion, he, (he or they so offending in the Premifes shall, for every such Offence, pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to anv Pcrfon who shall sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majeily5* Courts of Record in Wcjltnlnjler by Adtion of Debt.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler of aay Prifon, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall without just Cause, to be approved of by the Jufticcs at some General Quarter Seflion or General Sclbon or Adjourned Seflion of the Peace within their re-fp?&ive Junfdictions, refuse or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such General Quarter Seflion or General Scllioa or Adjourned Seflion of the Peace, in order to his or her Dif-charge; or shall negleet, refuse or deflgnedly omit to insert in any such Litl the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prifoners who was or were actually in Cuftody in his or their respective Prifon or Gaol on the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up or dfiner such Lifts as afore said; or if any Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler shall neglect or refuse to take any of the (aid Oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, crftul detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as afordaid; or if the Printer of the London Gazette or other Newf-pper as aforesaid shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notice by this Act directed to be given, on reasonable Requcft eade to him for that Purpofe ; every such Keeper and Gaoler of such Pr/on and Prifons, his Deputy or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid, shall refpedfively forfeit and pay to such Prisoner, in every such case injured, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, which frrilaad may be recovered with Treble Colts of Suit by Adlion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of the said Courts of Record at IVeJlminfler^ wherein no EfToin, Protection or Wager of Uw, or more than Ooe Imparlance shall be allowed.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, or any Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon, (hill, in taking of the afore-mentioned Oaths, forswear and perjure themselves, and (hdl thereof be lawfully convicted, such Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper cr Gaoler of such Prifon or Prifons kail, over and above the Penalties to be infiidted on Perfons con-

F z	vidted

at Seflion t, touching Commitments.

Sheriffs, Ac. difob eying Orders of Juilicts.

Penalty.

Gaoler end Printer of Gs-zette or Newf-paper not complying with Regulations of Adi.

Penalty.

Goalers perjuring themfelves*





68

C.28.

Penalty.

Application of Penally.

Clerk of the Peace not giving Copies of Adjudication of Diiclurge.

Penalty.

Dirtrefs.

Copy of Lifts fixed up in Prifons, before Delivery to SetCons.

Prifoners for

K ) Debt on taking Oaths, kc. dif-charmed.

54* GEO. III.	A.D.	1813.

vi&ed of Perjury, upon every such Convi&ion, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Cofts, by Bill, Plaint or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Effoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by and in the Name of such Perfon or Perfons, his and their Executors and Adminiftrators, to whom an Aflignment or Conveyance in pursuance of this ACt shall be made of the Eftate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prifoners 5 and if no such Affignee or Aflignees shall be living, then in the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall sue for the said Penalties, to be applied One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such Creditor or Creditors.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such Prisoner adjudged to be entitled to his Difcharge a9 aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after such Adjudication, a Copy of the Order of such Adjudication, on the Payment of Two Shillings, or shall take more than Two Shillings and Six pence for such Copy, or shall take more than One Shilling for an Aflignment or Conveyance of such Prifoner’s Eftate or Effe&s, every such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any such General or Quarter Scffion of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of Twenty Pounds, as the Justices of the Peace at such General or Quarter Seffions, or Adjournment thereof, shall order, and who are hereby empowered to cause the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace so offending.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That all and every the Keeper or Gaoler, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prifon or Gaol is and are hereby required, Ten Days at least before the First or Second General Quarter Seffions or General Seffions of the Peace shall be held after the pafling of this A&, for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty in which any Prifon or Gaol shall be, or to which the fame shall belong, to fix up in some conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prifon or Gaol, and at the mod frequented or usual Gate, Door or Entrance into every such Prifon or Gaol, Three or more true Copies of the Lift or Lifts proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Keeper or Gaoler at the said General Quarter Seffions, or at some Adjournment thereof.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons who on the Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen were charged in any Prifon or Gaol for the Nonpayment of any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, taking the Oaths hereby directed to be taken, and who shall perform 011 his or her part what is required to be done by him or her by this A6t, shall as to his Perfon and Effects refpec-tively be for ever released, discharged and exonerated, to such Extent and in such manner as is hereinafter provided, and no otherwise.

IX. And





ID. 1813.	540	GEO. III.	C.	28.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any Juftice or Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty within England, upon the Petition of any such Pnioner or Prifoners to any Juftice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their respective Jurifdi&ions, upon every such Prisoner or Prifoners so petitioning, and at the time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the Juftice or Justices so petitioning f, a true Copy of the Schedule containing his or her intended Difcovery of his or her Real and Perfonal Eitate, to be fwom to at the First or Second General Quarter Seflions next ensuing after every such Petition, or fame Adjournment thereof (and at the Foot of which said Schedule the Gaoler or other proper Officer shall fet forth and sign the Amount of the Debt or Debts with which such Prisoner was charged on the laid Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen), by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or under their Hards and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prifon within the Jurifdi&ion of any such Juftice or Justices, to bring before the Justices at the First or Second next General Quarter Seflions or General Seflions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as the case shall happen to be, next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, the Body of any Perfon being in the said Prifon as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainers, together with a Copy or Copies of the Caufe or Caufe9 which he, file or they is or are charged with in any Prifon or Gaol aforesaid at the time aforesaid; for which Copy or Copies of such Caufe or Caufes such Prisoner shall apply to the said Keeper or Gaoler of sech Pnfon, or to the Clerk of the Papers, or other proper Officer or Perfon, who shall make out and tranferibe the fame, at lead Six Days before the time of his or her Appearance ; which Warrant of every such Juftice or Justices, every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Keeper or Gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

* X. And whereas confiderable time may intervene between the ‘ pdlLig of this A&, and the next General Quarter Seflions or ‘ General Selfions of the Peace, which would be the Means of de-

*	tabling in Pnfon a Number of Perfons who with their Families are

*	in the greatest Diftrefs 5* Be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, upon Petition from Debtors as aforesaid to assemble their respective Courts as soon as Buy be after pafling this Adf, for the Purpofe of administering the Oaths and other the Matters required by this Act, and to appoint fi-ch Day or Days for the Difcharge of Prifoners as they shall fee proper.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That the Copy of every such Schedule, which shall be left or delivered in as aforesaid, shall be asd remain with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other 0 Sneer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty in which the fame shall have been lo left, there to recnain and be inspected from time to time as Occafion shall require, by ay Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspect the

F 3	XII. And

69

Juftice! may, on Prifoners delivering in Schedules, ift'ue Warrants to bring them to Quarter Seffions.

■|- Sic,

Special Seflions may be held.

Schedules to remain wirh Clerk of the Peace.



7o

C.28.

Debtors not having given Notice, intending to apply for Diich^rge to give Notice in the Gazette, be.

Debtors to deliver Schedules to Gaoler previous to Firfl Notice.

54° GEO. III.	A.D.	1813.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Debtor and Debtors confined in any Gaol of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exonerated under this A<51, shall firil cause public Notice to be in-ferted in Three several London Gazettes, previous to such General or Quarter Seflions or General Seflions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, at which such Application shall be made 5 and if such Debtor shall be in Cuflody in any such Gaol, out of London, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or shall have been moved by Habeas Corpus from one Gaol to another, then also in some Newfpaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or flic shall be or have been so in Cuflody, containing the Name, Trade, Occupation and Description, and the Two last Places of Abode (if so many) of every such Debtor and Debtors, and the Prifon wherein he, (he or they is or are confined, and of his, her or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Ad, and mentioning such Notice in such Gazette or Newfpaper respectively, to be the Firfl, Second or Third Notice, according to the time of publishing each of such Notices; and for the inserting each of the said Notices in the London Gazette or in any other Newfpaper, there shall be paid each time by every Pri-foner the Sum of Four pence and no more; the Firfl of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazettes respectively and in the said other Newfpapers, as the case may require, Twenty one Days at the least, and the lall of the said Notices Six Days at the leait before any such Firfl or Second General Quarter Seflions or General Seflions, or Adjournment thereof, shall be held as afore-said, so that as well all the Creditors who have not charged the said Debtor or Debtors in Cuflody, as those Creditors who have charged such Debtor or Debtors in Execution, or on Mefne Procefs or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof.

XIII.	And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and sufficient time to consider the Matters and Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or Debtors, be it further enacted, That every such Debtor, where he or she shall, according to the Directions of this Adi, publish the Firfl Notice of an Intention to take the Benefit of this Adi, he or she shall in such Notice declare that the Schedule containing his or her intended Difcovery of his or her Real and Perfonal Eslate, to be sworn to in manner as by this Adi is directed, is lodged in the Hands of the Keeper or Gaoler, or the Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of the Prifon wherein any such Debtor shall be confined; and every such Debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule to such Keeper, or Gaoler, or Deputy, as the case may be, before he shall publish such Firil Notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her own Chrillian Name and Surname, to be attelled by any such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy; and in case any Debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver One iuch Schedule to such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, prior to such hi3 Firfl Notice to be given as aforesaid, he or she upon due Proof made of such Negledt or Refufal, to the Satis -fadtion of the Court to which such Debtor shall make Application, shall be remanded back to Prifon, there to remain until he or she shall have complied with the Diredlions aforesaid ; and every such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, is hereby directed and required to attelh

the





€.28.

7*

AJ). 1813.	540 GEO. HI.

\k Signature of the Debtor’s Name to such Schedule, and to re-core the fame into his Cuftody and Charge, giving a Duplicate Duplicate, thereof to every such Debtor, with an Acknowledgment of his having received the Original; and he is hereby further required to Copy of Scj,e. deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by himself, upon dule to Creditor Requtfl made to him by’ any Creditor for that Purpofe in Writing, such Copy to be delivered to the Creditor himself, or to such Perfon a.' be fhali appoint to receive the fame, within Thirty Days after Demand made ; and if any such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy shall or refuse to conform to the Directions hereby given him re-fjtding such Schedule, every’ such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy’ so ofteading shall be liable to a Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be reco- Penalty, vrred by an Action of Debt in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wcflminfler, at the Suit of any Perfon who shall be aggrieved by such Neglect or Rcfufal.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by fiery Debtor, in manner directed by this Adt, (hail be to the Effe& following; that is to fay,

1 J	[infert the Name, Trade, Occupation Form of Notice.

4	and Description, and the Two la)} Places of Abode, if so many ]

4 new confined in Qinfert the Name of the P rtf on and County] and 4 bemg charged in Cuftody on the Sixth Day of November One 4 ihouland eight hundred and thirteen, do hereby give this [Firft,

* Second or Third] public Notice, that I intend to take the 4 Beoebt of an A6t pafTed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present 4 Mijed.fi Reign, intituled [here fet forth the Title of this Aft, and 4 if tt be the F'trjl Notice then add] And I do hereby give Notice,

4 that a true and perfect Schedule, containing a Difcovery of all my 4 Real and Perfonal Estate, hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready 4 to be delivered to any Creditor applying for the fame to the Keeper * or Gaoler or his Deputy of the said Prifon.’

And every such Notice shall be signed by the Debtor, and counter-figned by the Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of such Prifon.

XV.	And be it further eoacted, That every such Debtor as afore- Debtors proving

M, being charged as aforesaid, on the said Sixth Day of November Notices given, One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, who shall apply to the ‘n °l,en . General or Quarter Seflions, or any Adjournment thereof, in case it	m

shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said Three Gazettes (jll|es? and tajte aad Newfpapers respectively before mentioned to the said Justices Oath.

rt any such Seflions or Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were inserted in the London Gazettes and other Newfpapers respectively, as were required in manner aforesaid ; and that the Per-lon or Perfons so applying was or were actually a Prisoner or Pri-fooers on the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hondred and thirteen, in the Prifon or Gaol in which his, her or their Nime or Names is or are specified in a Lift delivered in at such Firil or Second Seflions, or any Adjournment thereof, or in some other Prifon or Gaol as aforesaid, in pursuance of this A 5 shall hi open Court at the said General Quarter Seflions or General Sef-fioos, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe or deliver in a true Schedule or Account of all his or her Real Eftate in Pofleflion, Re-verfion. Remainder or Expe&ancy, and of any other Nature and Kind whatsoever, and alfb the Wnole of bis or her Perfonal Eftate

F 4	which



72

C.28.

Oath.

54° GEO. III.	A.D. 1813.

which he or she, or any Perfon or Perfons in Trufl for him or her, or for his or her Ufe, Benefit or Advantage, is or are seised of, in-terefied in or entitled unto, or was or were in his, her or their Pof-session, Cuflody or Power, or which he, she or they, or such Perfon or Perfons had any Power of disposing of, or charging for his, her or their Benefit or Advantage, at any time since his or her Com* mitment to Prifon, with the Name of his or her several Debtors, and* where they refpe&ivcly live or may be met with, and the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the fame respectively became due and are secured, and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note or other Writing, then the Name and Names and Places of Abode of the several Witnefies who can prove such Debts or Contracts ; and shall also make Oath and swear to the following Efsect, according to the fpecinl cireumfiances, so far as the fame shall be confident with the Provifions hereinafter contained ; that is to fay,

*	J A. B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Prefence of Almighty 4 God, do folenuily swear, proteft and declare, That on the Sixth

*	Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, I was 4 really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Cultody of

*	,	in the Prifon or Gaol of	,	at	the Suit

4 of	, without any Fraud or Collufion what-

4 soever; and that I have ever since continued a Prisoner within the 4 Prifon of	,	in	the	a&ual	Cuflody	of	the

4 Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prifon of	,

*	[ or mentioning fame other Prifon as the case may bc~\ or within the

4- Liberties thereof, at the Suit of	,	and with-

*	out any Fraud or Collufion whatsoever ; and that the Schedule now 4 delivered by me and fubferibed, doth contain, to the bed of my 4 Knowledge, Remembrance and Belief, a full, jult, true and perfeA 4 Account and Difcovery of all the Goods and Efsects, Ellates 4 Real and Perfonal, in PofTeflion, Reversion, Remainder or Expert-4 ancy, and of every other Nature and Kind whatsoever, which I 4 or any Perfon in Trufl for me or for my Benefit or Advantage 4 are seised or possessed of, interested in or entitled to, or was or were

*	in my PofTeflion, Cuflody or Power, or in the PofTeflion, Cuflody 4 or Power of any such Perfon as aforesaid, or which 1 or such Per-4 son had any Power of disposing of or charging for my Benefit or 4 Advantage, at any time since my Commitment to Prifon ; and of 4 all Debts to me owing, or to any Perfon or Perfons in Truft 4 for me, and of all the Securities and Contrails whereby any Money 4 now is or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or 4 Advantage may accrue to me or to my Ule, or to any Perfon or 4 Perfons in Trufl for me, and the Names and Places of Abode of 4 the several Perfons from whom such Debts are due and owing, and 4 of the Witnefles who can prove such Debts or Contracts, (if any 4 such there be) ; and that neither I, nor any Perfon or Perlons in 4 Trufl for me, or for my Ufe, have any Lands, Money, Stock, or 4 any Eflate Real or Perfonal, in PofTeflion, Reversion, Remainder 4 or Expedlaney, or of any Nature or Kind soever, or Power of 4 disposing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage, other than 4 what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel 4 and Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools, and the 4 necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together

13	4	with

CjOOQle

Ci 28*

73

‘with a Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, and these in ‘theWhole not exceeding the Value of Thirty Pounds 5 and that 11 have not, nor any Perfon for me, hath directly or indirectly * fold, lefiened or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or con-‘ cealed all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels,

‘ Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts or £ dates Real or Perfonal,

1 whereby to secure the fame, or to receive or expect any Profit or 4 Advantage therefrom, or with an Intent to defraud or deceive any 4 Creditor or Creditors to whom I am or was indebted in any wile 4 howsoever.	So	help	me	GOD/

And before such Oath shall be taken by every Debtor, the said Justices shall examine, upon Oath, such Debtor, touching the several Matters contained therein, as they shall think fit 5 and if such Debtor shall, opon such Examination, make Anfwer to the Satisfadion of the said Juibees, then the said Schedule and Oath shall be by such Debtor fuSfcnbed in the Prefence of the Justices in open Seflions of the Peace as hereby directed, and shall be kept by and remain with the Clerk of the Prace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where the fame Hull be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of all the Creditors of such Debtors who shall desire or may have Occahon to resort thereto; and every such Creditor shall be at Liberty, at seasonable times in the Day-time, to peruse and examine the fame.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurifdidions at any such General Quarter Scions or General Seflions, or Adjournment thereof, either at the Requed or without the Requeft of any Creditor or Creditors of acv such Debtor, are hereby authorized to cause the Deputy Warden and Marfhal of the Fleet and King’s Bench Prifon, or any other Under Officer, TipftafF and Turnkey of any Prifon or Gaol, or any other Perfon within their respective Jurifdidions, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on Oath touching any ef the Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken, and the Truth thereof, either before or after such Oath shall have been taken; and if the Oath which shall have been taken is open Court by any Debtor or Debtors shall not be disproved by rood Teftimony of any credible Perfon or Perfons on Oath, and iuch Justices, or the major Part of them present at any such General Quarter Seflions or General Seflions, or any Adjournment thereof, kill be satisfied with the Truth of the Oath taken by such respective Debtors, then such Justices shall, in such Seflions or some Adjourned thereof, adjudge such Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, and shall order the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prifon or Prifons, forthwith to fet at Liberty such Prisoner or Prifoners 5 and every such Order shall be a sufficient Difcharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, of such Prifon or Prifons, and ihall indemnify him or them against any Efcape or Escapes, Action or Adions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be bought, commenced or prosecuted against him or them.

XVII.	And he it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tlut all the Estate, Right, Tide, Intereft and Truft of such Debtor d, ia and unto all the Real Eftate as well Freehold and Copyhold

as

Schedules and Oath subscribed by Debtors.

Court, at Re-que'.l of Creditors, may examine (Jaolers on Oath.

Eftates and Effects of Debtors difcharped, veiled in Clerk

CjOOQle

74

C.a8.

of Peace, who is

to aflien fame to such CrpHitors as Court shall direct, ia lruft.

Affiances to get in Dct tors Effcds ;

ml to make Dividends;

54° GEO. Ill;	A.D.	1813.

as Cuftomary, and to all the Perfonal Estate, Debts and Effe&s of every such Dtbtor, shall immediately after such Adjudication be, and the fame is hereby veiled in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of and for the County, Riding, City, Town Corporate, Division, Liberty or Place where any Debtors shall be respectively discharged; and every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby directed and required to make an Alignment and Conveyance of every such Debtor’s Eftate and Effefts, veiled in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Debtor, as the Justices at any General or Quarter Stflion of the Peace, or at anv Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective Jurifdi&ions, shall order and direct; which Affignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, without being written on Parchment or Paper (lamped, to veil the Eflatrs thereby assigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the fame shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her and their Pleirs, Executors, Admi-niftrators and Afsigns, according to the Eftate and Intereft which the Debtor had therein ; and every such Afligmnent and Conveyance shall be in Trull for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Debtor to whom the fame shall be made, and the rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor in respect of or in proportion to their refpc&ive Debts; and every Perfon or Perfons to whom any such Affignmcnt and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue from time to time as there may be Occafion, in his, her or their own Name or Names for the Recovery and obtaining any Eftate or Efiedls of any such Debtor, and also to execute any Trull or Power veiled in or created for the Ufe or Benefit of any such Debtor, but in Trull for the Benefit of him or them and the roll of the Creditors of every such Debtor, and to give such Difcharge and Difcharges to any Perfon or Perfons who shall rcfpe&ively be indebted to inch Debtor as may be requisite ; and every such Affignee or Aflignees ftnll with all convenient Speed after his or their accepting inch Alignment or Conveyance, use his and their bell Endeavours to receive and get in the Eftate and EfFeas cf every such Debtor, and shall, with all convenient Speed, make Sale of all the Eftatcs of such Debtor veiled in such Affignee or Aflignees; and if such Debtor shall be intcreiled in or entitled to any Real Estate, either in Polk flion, Revcrfion or Expeaaucy, the fame within the Space of Two Mouths after such Alignment and Conveyance shall be fold by Public Auction, in such manner and at such Place as the major Part of the Creditors of any such Debtor, who shall assemble together on any Notice in Writing publilhed in the London Gazette or in feme Daily Paper printed and publilhed in London, if the Debtor before his or her going to Prifon resided in London or within the Bills of Mortality, and if elsewhere, then in fomc printed Newfpaper which shall be publilhed in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such Debtor resided before he or Ihe was committed to Prifon, Thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall under his Hand or their Hands agree on ; and every such Affignee pr Aflignees, at the End of Three Months at the fartliell from the

time

v^ooQle

C.28.

7J

tiro of bis or their accepting any fucli Aflignment or Conveyance a*

iforesaid, shall make a fair and just. Dividend of all such Debtor’s

Eiate and Effeds which (ha\\ have been then recovered amongst his

« her Creditors, in proportion and in regard to each Creditor’s

rrfpedive debt; but before any such Dividend shall be made, such ind to make up

Affignee or Affignees shall make up an Account of such Debtor’s Account of

Eitate, 2nd make Oath in Writing before One or more Juftice or ^et>tor’s Bftata#

JclVtces of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division, Town,

Liberty or Place in which any such Debtor shall have been dif-

charged, that every such Account contains a fair and just Account

of the Eftate and Effeds of every such Debtor got in by or for

(uch Affignee or Aflignees, and of all Payments made in refpect

thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged were

truly and bona Jide made and paid ; and Notice of the making of Notice of

every such Dividend shall he publiftied in like manner as a Meeting making Divi-

of the Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be ptiblilhed, Thirty dends.

Day* at least before the fame shall be made; and no Creditor (hall

be allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend, until he shall have jend*8

made out the Juftnefs and Identity of his Debt, by Oath, or due Proof

is Writing before some such Juftice or Justices ; and if any Creditor Creditor dif.

ot Inch Debtor shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or Fairnefs of any C^nsfied with

Debt chirred by any other Creditor, then the fame, at the Requeft of

any such Creditor or Creditors so difsatisfied, shall be examined into	e

by the Jctiices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty

or Place m which such Debtor shall have been adjudged to have been

entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, at the next General or Quarter

Selims, or at some Adjournment thereof.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Afiignee or in wfc A'fig. AJgne?s of the Eftate and Effeds of any Prisoner discharged by ntesur their nrtue of this Ad, or the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators of Heirs do not aav decrafed Afiignee or Aflignees, shall not deliver over any Part £e!,ver ov*f fuclt of fa± Eftate or Effeds, or pay the Balance of the Produce of ^nce! to b/ar-ar.y such Eftate or Effeds, found to .be in the Hands of such relied.

Affiznee or Affignees, or of such Heirs, Executors or Adminiftra-

ton is aforesaid, according to the Tenor of this Ad, it shall be law-fi for th“ Court before which the Prisoner was discharged, to order the Perfon or Perfons so offending to be arretted and committed to the next County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize Etil such Perfon or Perfons shall have fulfilled the Duty required by the +■ Act, or until such Court shall make other Order to the contrary. f Sie.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and cre(Ttor8 for every Creditor and Creditors of any Debtor who shall be discharged Amiuiiits pay. by virtue of this Ad, for any Sum or Sums of Money payable by able at any wiy of Annuity or otherwise at any future time or times, by virtue ,utu'e time, to of ary Bond, Covenant or other Securities of any Nature whatsoever, jp^g^under asy be and shall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, Commi non of acd shall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Eftate Bankruptcy.

of such Debtor, in such manner and upon such Terms and Conditions a such Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto by the Laws now in force if such Debtor had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their respective Securities, otherwise than n the fame would have been affected by a Proof made in respect thereof by the Creditor under a Commiflion of Bankrupt and a Certi-kae obtained by the Bankrupt under such Commifiion.

XX. And

CjOOQle

C. 28.

Eftntes of Debtor. not inserted in Schedule verted in Clerk of Peace.

Holders of Secu-ritie- without C •iifideiatinii, n >t entitled to Benefit.

Eft ate? to vest In Clerk of Peace tor time being.

No Suit in Law or Equity without Con lent of Majority of Creditors.

Mortgages to take place of Debts of an inferior Nature.

54P GEO. III.	A.D.	1813*

XX.	And, to the Intent that no Lofs may arise to any Creditor or Creditors from any Negleft or Omiflion in the Schedule not contain-ing the Whole of the Eftate Real or Perfonal, belonging to any Debtor who shall apply for his or her Difcharge under the Authority of this Aft, be it enacted, That all the Eilate, whether Real or Perfonal, which shall belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and of which he, Ihe or they shall be actually pofTeflcd or entitled unto at the time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Eftate contained in such Schedule, though not inserted therein, and shall in like manner become veiled in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as such, to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been contained in such Schedule, and had been delivered into the Court according to the Directions of this Aft.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That no Perfon holding any Security whatsoever, for which such Debtor never received any valuable Confideration, shall be entitled to receive any Benefit from the Eftate of such Debtor, unless the Perfon holding such Security shall make it appear to the Satisfaftion of the Justices at some General or Quarter Seflions or Adjournment thereof, that he or she became possessed of the fame bona Jide, and for good or valuable Confederation.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the Death or Removal of any Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer aft ing as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in whom the Estate, Right, Title, Interefl or Truft of any Debtor or Debtors shall have veiled by the Authority of this Aft, every such Estate, Right, Title, Interefl and Trust, shall become veiled in the SuccefTor or Suc-ceflors to every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid respectively, as the case maybe, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever under the Provifions of this Aft.

XXIII.	Provided further, and be it also enacted. That no Suit in Law or Equity shall be commenced by any Affignee or Aflignees of any such Debtor’s Eftate and Effefts without the Confent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given at lealt Ten Days before such Meeting in the London Gazette or other Newfpaper which shall be published in the Neighbourhood of the lad Refidence of such Debtor or Debtors for that Purpofe.

XXIV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft shall extend or be conltrued to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens upon the Ellate of such Debtor or Debtors, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments or Perfonal Eftate or Effefts comprised. in or charged or a fleeted by such Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens respectively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Mereliant, Recognizance or Judgment, acknowledged by or obtained again ft any such Debtor or Debtors, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Real Eflates of such Debtor or Debtors ; and also, where any Inquifition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any such Judgment before such Difcharge shall be given in open Seffion

to

CjOOQle

C. 28.

77

to any such Debtor as aforesaid, the Perfonal Eftate of any such Debtor respectively shall be fubje£h thereto in the fir ft place for so much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Charge, Lien, Statute,

Recognizance or Judgment refpedfcively, in like manner as such Mortgagees and PeTfons having such Charges or Liens, and Creditors by Statute, Recognizance or Judgment respectively would hate been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the Real or Perfonal Eftate of such Debtor or Debtors respectively, if this Aft had not been made ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

‘ XXV. And whereas many Perfon9 who may be entitled to and 1 claim the Benefit of this Aft are seised and possessed of Lands,

*	Tenements and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the

*	Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leafes and

*	taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Eftates for One, Two 1 or Three Lives, in Poffeffion or Reversion, or for some Number 1 of Years determinable upon Lives, or have Powers over Real or 1 Perfonal Estate, which such Debtors could execute for their own 1 Advantage, and which said Powers ought to be executed for the

*	Benefit of the Creditors of such Debtor ;* Be it therefore enacted Power of leafing by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such case all and every the hands,&c. veiled Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and m Afl‘&nee,“

all other such Powers as aforesaid over Real or Perfonal Estate, which are or shall be vested in any such Prisoner or Prifoners as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested in the Aflignee or Aflignees of the Real and Perfonal Eftate of such Prisoner by virtue of this Ad, to be by such Aflignee or Aflignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prifoners as aforesaid.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the Justices at any Gaoler, on R«-Geceral or Quarter Seflions or Adjourned Seflions of the Peace to t^fworn^* wb ch any such Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Aft * °rn‘ stall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prifoners, who shall oppose his or her Difcharge, or if the said Jcdices shall so think fit, administer to the Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prifon or Gaol, at the time of bringing up any such Prisoner in * crder to be discharged under this Aft, an Oath to the Effeft following ; that is to fay,

‘ j	do	swear,	That	^ ^

4 * was really and truly a Prisoner in my Cuftody, in the Prifon of *

*	or	in Cuftody in some other Prifon [at the

1 case may be] to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon «the Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thir-1 teen, and that the Copy or Copies of the Caufe or Caufes of his ‘ [or, her] Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought, with the

*	Body of the (aid	and	produced	to the faid

‘ Court, is or are a true Copy #or Copies of the Caufe or Caufes of

*	fuch Commitment or Detainer, without any Fraud or Deceit by me

*	or any other Perfon, to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief.

4 So help me GOD.*

And if any Perfon who was a Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper person d.e!i-or Gaoler of any such Prifon or Gaol, on the said Sixth Day of ^sno^Gaoler hyctmbtr One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or since, shall on 6th Nov. act happen to be the Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler 1813, he shall « any such Prifon or Gad at the time any such Lift as afore- take following

said °ath*





C. 28.

Oath.

Debtors fallety (wearing shall (utter as tor wilful Perjury.

Debtors dif-chargcd not liable to be im-prifoned for Debts prior to 6lh ISov. 1813.

PriToners not discharged of

$4° GEO. III.	A.D.1813.	:i

said is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices at any such Seflions or at any Adjourned Seflions may and are hereby required to administer to the respective Perfon or Perfons who shall be Keeper	-I

or Gaoler of any such Prifon or Gaol, or deputed Keeper thereof, and	—

deliver in such Lift as aforesaid at any such General or Quarter Sef-fions or Adjourned Seflions, an Oath touching the Commitments or Books of Commitment of any such Prifon or Gaol, to the Effed fol-lowing ; that is to fay,

*	T	do	swear,	That I have examined the

*	A Commitments or Books of or concerning the Commitments of

*	Prifoners to the Prifon of	[/»	the	County, Riding9 ::'-

*	Divi/ionf City, Town> Place or Liberty,] and that I do verily believe

*	that the said Commitments or Books of Commitment are really true « and not fiditious, nor calculated for this Purpofe ; and by them it

*	doth appear, that	was	on	the Sixth Day of

« November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen really and truly

€ a Prisoner in the actual Cuftody of	the	then	"	i

1 Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prifon G

* or Gaol [or other Prifon as the case may be~\ without Fraud or

1 Deceit by me or any other Perfon or Perfons, to my Knowledge or	c

t Belief.	So	help me GOD*

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor as aforesaid, who shall come er be brought up to such General or Quarter Seflions, or Adjournment thereof, under the Provifions of this Ad, shall wilfully forswear and peijure himself, herself or themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Ad, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she or they so offending shall suffer such Punifhmcnt as by Law may be inflicted on Perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That no Perfon entitled to the Benefit of this Ad shall at any time hereafter be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts for Non-payment of Money, Cofts, Sum or Sums of Money contracted, incurred, occa-fioned, owing or growing due before the said Sixth Day of Novcm* her One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, but that upon every Arreft upon every Judgment or such Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Cofts, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Procefs issued, or for any Two Justices ol the Peace, upon (hewing the Copy of the Order of Adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of Cuftody such Prifoners as aforesaid, and at the fame time to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits to pay such Prisoner or Prifoners the Cofts which he, she or they ftndl have incurred on such Occafion, or so much thereof as to such Judge or Juiiices shall seem just and realisable j and every such Judge is hereby empowered so to do on such Prifoner's cauiing a Common Appearance to be entered for him on every such Attion or Suit.

‘ XXIX. And whereas under former Ads of this kind, Doubt9

*	have arisen what was to be done with such Prifoners who applied at € any Seflion to be discharged, who owed and flood charged with Debts

*	as well previous as fublequent to the Day limited by the respective Ads ;* To remedy which, be it therefore enacted, That no Prisoner or Prifoners shall be discharged of any Debts incurred fubfequent

to



C.28.

79

i-D. 1S13.	54°	GEO.	III.

Dthe Sixth Day of INTot?ember One thousand eight hundred and thir- Debtsfubfe-aa<l ft ft shall appear to the Justices at any SeiLoiis or Adjourn- <luent to Ath r^t, that any Ihrifoner or Prifoners then applying to them to be Nov* I^I3* diicharged lhaU stand charged as well with Debts previous to as fub-teqaent to the said Sixth l)ay of November One thousand eight hundred a&d thirteen, that in fucli cases it Iliall and may be lawful to and for the Justices to discharge the Perfon of fuel) Prisoner on account of ail Debts which shall appear to their Satisfaction, by the Oath of such Phfoner not being disproved (or otherwife), to have been incurred previous to the laid Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and to remand him or her hack to the Cudoiy of the Keeper of the Prifon from whence lie or {he was brought, for all Debts which he or (he itands charged with in his Cuttody, which shall appear to the Justices to have been incurred fub-ftqueat to the laid Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ; and their Order for such Difeharge shall indemnify tb Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, against Sheriff indem-any Efeape or Escapes, Acftion or Adlioii9 whatsoever for Escapes, nihed. which shall or may be brought, commenced or prosecuted against him or them; anything to the contrary herein notwithllanding.

XXX.	And be it further enabled. That in any Adlion of Ucape, or any Suit or Action to be brought against any Juilice or Juiticrsd the Peace, Shcriif, Keeper or Gaoler of any Prilbn, for performing their Office in pursuance of this A61, they may plead

the Gectnl Ifsue, and give this A& in Evidence ; and if the Plaintiff General Ifsue,

be nonfaited or discontinue his Acfion, or Verdidf pais again!! him, or

Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have Treble Cofts. Treble Coils.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Scire Facias AH pleaded or Artioo of Debt, or upon Judgment, shall be brought against generally by aay Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Admini lira tors, upon I>r‘foncrs* any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute

or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her before the said Sixth Lhy of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, with to Prifoners in atftual Cuitody on the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, it shall and ciy be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Aiaiuiftrators, to plead generally that such Prisoner was actually a Priuner in such Prifon or in some other Prifon, at such a Per ion’s Sint, on the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and was or were duly discharged according to this Ad, at the General Quarter Seflions or General Seflions or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place for such County,

LI Tty, City, Town or Place (according to his, her or their case,) w shout pleading any Matter specially ; and in case any other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her or them, for any other Dd>t, Sum or Sums of Money due before the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, to plead in dJcharge of his or her Perfon from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforefaid), that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the case my be) was contracted or due before the said Sixth Day of Novem• ier One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, without pleading any other Matter specially, whereto the Plaintiff shall or may reply gene-my, and deny the Matters pleaded a9 aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may (hew the said Defendant not to bo

entitled

Goode

So

C. 28.

Treble Cofts. Prifoner^, who on Application as Insolvent Debtor* have been remanded back, and lince ditchaived without Content, entitled to Benefit •i* Adt.

A& not to extend to Attornie,. Servants embezzling Money, Sheriff’s Officers, &c. eiccept confined I o Year. :

54° GEO. III.	A.D.181J.

entitled to the Benefit of this Aft, ctr not duly discharged according to it, in the fame manner as the Plaintiff might have replied in case the Defendant had pleaded this Aft, and his Difcharge by virtue of this Aft specially; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his Aftion, or Verdift pass against him, or Judgment on Demurrer, the Defendant to have Treble Cofts.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Perfon being a Prisoner charged in Execution on the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and having before or since that Day petitioned any Court to be discharged as an Infolvent Debtor, and having conformed to the several Provifions of the Laws in being for that Purpose, shall have been brought up, and by the Court remanded back to the Pri-fon or Gaol from which such Prisoner was brought up, there to continue in Execution, on the Undertaking of his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay to him such weekly or other Allowance as by Law is directed to be paid in such case during such time as such Prisoner shall remain in Execution at the Suit of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such Prisoner so continued in Execution shall have been or shall be discharged from such Execution by his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs without his or her own Privity or Confent subsequent to the said Sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Day whereon he or she might other wife have applied to take the Benefit of this Aft, every fuen Prisoner shall be entitled, notwithstanding such Difcharge, to the fame Relief and Advantage to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever which he or she might or could have otherwise obtained by virtue of this Aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII.	Provided always, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, Solicitor, or any other Perfon or Perfons acting or pretending to aft as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall stand charged, for any Money or other Effefts recovered or received by him or them for the Ufe of any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Corporate or Politic, and bv any Attorney, Solicitor, or any other Perfon or Perfons acting as such, embezzled, concealed or converted to his or their own Uie ; or to release or discharge any Servant, or any other Perfon or Perfons employed or entrulled as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, she or they shall stand charged, for or on account of any Money, Goods or other Effefts received or possessed by him, her or them, for the Ufe and on Account of his, her or their Mafter or Mafters or Employers, and by such Servant or such other Perfon or Perfons aforesaid, embezzled, concealed or converted to his, her or their own Ufe ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding; except where such Perfons shall have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Ten Years last past : Provided, that nothing in this Aft contained extend or be construed to extend to release any Sheriff’s Officer, or Seijeant at Mace of the City of London, or to release any other Perfon employed by any Sheriff, Bailiss, Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon, with regard to any Debt or Demand for or on account of any Money, Goods or other Effefts, received or pofteffed by any-fuch Sheriff’s Officer, Serjeant at Mace, or other Perfon as aforefaid* for the Ufe or on the Account of his, her or their Employer* and bj





C.28.

8i

fcA Sheriff’s Officer, Serjeant at Mace, or other Perfon as aforesaid, ok**lied, concealed or converted to his, her or their own Ufe.

‘XXXIV. A nd whereas many evil disposed Perfons, to support 1 their profligate way of Life by various fubtiic Stratagems, 1 Threats and Devices, and under afTumed and fictitious Name or ‘ Names for the Purpofe of obtaining Credit, have fraudulently c obtained divers Sums -of Money, or Securities for Money, Goods ‘ and Merchandizes, to the great Injury of Trade and CreditBe k varied, That no Prisoner, who knowingly and designedly, by filfe Pretence or Pretences, or under any fictitious Name or Names illumed for the Purpofe of obtaining Credit, shall have obtained fmm any Perfon or Perfons Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Bo'ub, Bills of Exchange, PromifTory Notes, or other Securities for Money, {hill have or receive any Benefit or Difcharge by or under this Ad; but en due Proof of such fraudulent Condudl as aforesaid, the Jiiftices shall remand such Prisoner to the Cuftody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prifon from which he or (he shall have been brought up to take the Benefit of this Adi; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding ; except where such Perfon shall hive been confined in Prifon for the Space of Ten Years hll pafL

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Truth of each of the Objedlions and Exceptions aforesaid againll the obtaining the Benefit of this Adi, shall be proved by the Teib’aoDT upon Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or otiher legal Proof or Evidence admissible in a Court of Law: Profided always, that no Prisoner, who shall have been remanded to Prifon nnder any Aft heretofore palled for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Money, Goods or Securities for Money on false Pretences, or for having secretly or fraudulently removed Stock, Cattle or other Effedls, which were fubied or liable to be detained for Rent, or who shall have loft or forfeited the Benefit of any such former Adi, by having made any fraudulent Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Afiignment, since his or her Imprifonment, to the Prejudice of his Creditor or Creditors, or who shall have fraudulently obtained a Difcharge under such former Act, or shall have taken a false Oath under such Adi, shall have or receive any Benefit or Difcharge under this Adi, but shall be remanded to Prifon as aforesaid by the Justices before whom he or (he ihall be brought up to take the Benefit of this Ad : Provided always, that such Objedlions or Exceptions were supported by loch Proof or Evidence as is hereinbefore provided and directed to be made under this present Adi, and not otherwise ; and that no Poriou shall be permitted to make the Objedlions in this Adi mentioned against any Prisoner, except a detaining Creditor, or such Perloa or Perfons as have commenced their Adlion or Adlions igunft such Prisoner previous to the Sixth Day of November last pal grounded on the Matters in the said Exceptions mentioned s Pnmded also, that no Perfon charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any A&ion for Criminal Converfation with the W ife r.f the Plaintiff in such Adlion, or in any Adlion for seducing or rurally knowing the Daughter or Female Servant of the Plaintiff, w in any Aftion for a malicious Profecution, or in any Adlion t* any otbcT malicious Injury, shall have any Benefit under this Adi, 54 Gfx>, HI.	G	except

Nor to Perfons

obtaining Money. Sec. under false Pretences, Ac. except confined io Year*.

Evidence of

Objections

given.

Nor to Prifon-ers remanded to Prifon under any Infolvent Ad, for fraudulently obtaining * Money, See.

Nor to Perfons charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Action for Criminal Converfation,

v^ooQle

C.a8.

Ac except confined 10 Years.

Nor to Perfons removing Effcds of Value of 30I. liable to be dil-trained for Rent, except confined lb Years.

N ox to Perfons iV-llin.T or atfign-ina Effects to defraud Creditors, except con-tiued 10 Years.

Nor to Perlons iofing Money a Play, except confined ZO Y ears.

$4° GEO. III.	A.D.	1813.

except only in cases where the Plaintiff in such Adions respectively shall be dead, and no Perfon shall have obtained Probate of the Will or Letters of Adminiftration of the Effeds of such Plaintiff within Twelve Months after his Decease; and except where such Perfon shall have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Ten Years lad pad.

* XXXVI. And whereas many Debtors for Rents of Lands, Mef.

4 fuages, Houfes and other Premises, have, with fraudulent Intent to

*	difappoint the Right of their respective Landlords, removed the

*	Stock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods or other EfFeds, which were fub-1 jed or liable to be distrained for the Satisfadion of the said Rents ;*

Be it therefore enacted, That no Prisoner or Prifoners, who, in a secret, clandedine or fraudulent manner, shall have removed or caused to be removed within Six Years, any such Stock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods or Effeds of the Value of Thirty Pounds or upwards, which were fubied or liable to be didraincd by their respective Landlord or Landlords for or in Payment of such Rent or Rents, whereby such Landlord or Landlords shall have loft all or some Part of the Rent or Rents due to him, her or them as aforesaid, shall be dif-charged by or under this Ad, but shall be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned; provided such Proof shall be made thereof as shall be satisfactory to the Justices before whom such Prisoner shall be brought up to take the Benefit of this Ad, except where such Perfon mall have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Ten Years last past.

4 XXXVII. And whereas many Debtors have, with a view to 4 defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed or assigned 4 their Eftate or Effeds to some Perfon or Perfons, subsequent to 4 their being in Cuftody of Law or imprisoned under some Procefs for 4 Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Aflignment 4 hath been fraudulently made, to the Injury of his Creditor or Cre-4 ditors, though it hath been difficult to convict the Party of a 4 fraudulent Defign ;* Be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved that such Prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed or assigned to any Perfon or Perfons all or any Part of his Eftate or Effeds,

. with an Intent to defraud or delay his or her Creditors, or without just Caufe for so doing, to be determined by the Justices before whom such Prisoner shall be brought tip to take the Benefit of this Ad, every such Debtor shall lose all the Benefits and Advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the Authority of this Ad, and shall be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned j and every such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Aflignment is hereb) declared null and void, except where such Perfon shall have beet confined in Prifon for the Space of Ten Years last past.

4 XXXVIII. And whereas many Prifoners squander and expenc 4 great Part of their remaining Property by playing at Cards, Dio 4 or other unlawful Games, to the great Injury of their Creditors ; Be it enacted, That nothing in this Ad shall extend or be conftrue< 1 to extend to discharge or release any Prisoner who hath or fha! have loft, in any one Day since the Date of his Commitment t Prifon for any Debt with which he flood charged on the Sixt Day of November last, the Sum or Value of Twenty Pounds, or i the Whole since such Commitment as aforesaid, the Sum of Or hundred Pounds, in playing at or with Cards, Dice, Tables, Tenni 15	Bowl





C. 28.

83

A.D.1813.	54*GEO.	III.

EowU, Billiards, or other Game or Game* whatsoever, or in or by bearing a Share or Part in the Stakes, Wagers or Adventures, or in or by betting on the Sides or Hands of such as do play as aforesaid ; but on due Proof thereof to the Satisfa&ion of the Justices aifmbled at such Quarter Sefiions or Adjourned Seflions before which such Prisoner shall be brought, it (nail be lawful for such Jciiices, and they are hereby required to remand such Prisoner to Gaol; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwith-tbacting, except where such Perfon shall have been confined in Prifon tor the Space of Ten Years last past.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler or Gaolers not per* Keeper of any Prifon shall and is hereby required to suffer any mining Prifon-Perfoo or Persons desiring the fame, to fee and speak with in the Day-time either in the Lodge or other convenient Room in the •'” Books of ^ fad Prifon, any Prisoner or Prifoners whose Names are inserted prison to bo in the before mentioned Lift or Lifts, or the London Gazette or seen. other Newfpapers, in manner aforesaid, and also to fee in the true and genuine Books of the said Prifon the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prifoners, Debtor or Debtors, together with the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons at whose Suit or Suits he, (he or they are or were detained ; and if any such Keeper or Gaoler shall refuse or neglect to comply with what is hereby above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper who shall so offend in the Premises, shall forfeit and pay to the Perfon so refused and aggrieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered with Penalty.

Coh of Suit by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the Courts of Wejtminjfery wherein no Eftoin, Protection,

Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names of the Perfons so refused and aggrieved.

XL. And be k further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, Gaoler or deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon or Prifons shall make making salsa or cause to be made apy false Entries in any Book or Books belong- Entries, ing to any Prifon or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or wa9 Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be prepared or kept, say false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be made therein, or shall inlert in any Lift to be drhvered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfect who was or were not in actual Cuftody as aforesaid, except as in the Oath of any such Gaoler or Keeper or deputed Gaoler or Keeper shall be excepted, every such Gaoler or Keeper or deputed Gaoler or Keeper shall, over and above the Penalties which he fh*ll be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Treble pendty.

C^fts of Suit, by and in the Name and for the Ufe of any Perfon or Perfons who shall be prejudiced by any such false Entry or Entries, which Penalties shall and may be recovered by A&ion of Debt, Bill,

Pbint or Information in any of His Majelty’s Courts of Record at Wejtminjiery wherein no EfTom, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XL1. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor, being Dehors refusing thereunto required by any Creditor or Creditors, shall refuse to come to discover to the Lodge of the Prifon in which any such Prisoner shall be Trade and confined, or when come to such Lodge shall refuse to discover and A,>odc of Ware the Trade or Occupation and the last Place of Abode or suVdJuintd,

G 2	Habitation,





84

C.28.

excluded Benefit ct Ait.

Justices for Surry may adjourn to Sefiion lirul'e Horfemoiiger Lane.

Juft ices for York and Lincoln may hold Seffion near to County Gaol.

Justices for Pif-tt»et of 1 lolljnd m jv liolftan Adjourned

b e . on.

ri i:\-nrrs in Cuilcdy ler

54° GEO. III.	A.D.	1813.

Habitation, to the best of his or her Knowledge or Belief, of the Perfon or Perfons at whose Suit he or ft\e was detained or charged in Cuflody, without some reasonable Caufc being (hewn for such Rc-fufal, every such Debtor, on Proof being made thereof before the Juf-ticesat any General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, Shall not have or receive any Benefit or DiScharge by or under this Adi ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereoS in any wife notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That it shall not be lawSul for any Juftice or Justices of the Peace for the Said County of Surry to ifTue his or their Warrant or Warrants for the bringing up of any Prisoner or Prifoners in order to his, her or their Difcharge under the Provisions of this Adi, at any Quarter Seflions or Adjourned Seflion of the Peace, other than such as Shall be holden at the Seflions House in Horfemonger Laney in the Parifh of Newington aforesaid.

4 XLIII. And whereas there is but one Common or County 4 Gaol for each of the respective Counties of Tork or Lincoln, which Said Counties are each of them divided into Several Ridings 4 or Divisions, all of which have several Commifiions of the Peace ; 4 and if the Gaoler of these Gaols be obliged to carry the Debtors * Prifoners therein, to the Quarter Seflions of such Riding or 4 Division, the fame will be a very great Charge, not only to such 4 Gaoler but also to the Prifoners in these large Counties Be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it Shall and may be lawful for Two or more Jultices of the Peace for any of the Ridings or Divifions in the respective Counties (or any other County or Counties where the Prifons are at a Diftance from the Place where the Seflions are held), at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at any other Gaol or Gaols within the said Counties, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet and to hold Seflions there by Adjournment from their respective Quarter Seflions from time to time, for the Difcharge of the respective Prifoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations and Diredlions of this Adt.

4 XLIV. And whereas the Diftridl or Divifion of Holland in 4 the said County of Lincoln, is distant near Forty Miles from the 4 said County Gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expensive for 4 the Justices of the Peace acting for the said Division, to be obliged 4 to travel to the said Gaol, for the foie Purpofe of discharging the 4 Prifoners under the Powers by this Adi given Be it therefore cnadied, That, for the several Purpofes aforesaid, the Justices for the laid Divifion or Diftridl of Holland may adjourn their original Seflions to the County Gaol, or to some Place near thereunto ; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace acting either for the Parts of Lindfeyy Kejleven or Holland, to hold fuen Adjourned Seflions for the foie Purpofe of discharging such Prifoners, Notice of the Adjournment of such original Seflions being given by the Clerk of the Seflions to such Justices, and who shall attend there to register the Proceedings of the said Court, so far as the fame relate to or affcdl the Difcharge of any Prisoner detained for Debt in the Divifion of Holland, and claiming the Benefit of this Adi.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Debtors and others, who were in Prifon on or before the said Sixth Day of November

One

CjOOQle

AD-1813.

54° GEO. III.

•C.28.

85

One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in any of the Gaols of Prifon Fec<, E*;!irJ, and now remain, for not paying their Fees, Rent or other ^charged. Draacd' due or claimed as due to the Keeper or Keepers of any Pnfoa respectively, or to any other Officer of such Prifon, and upon no other account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, (he or they taking the Oath by this Ad required to be taken by Prifoners.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That A&nottocx-th* Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to discharge any tenc*ro Drhiors Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Ad, with respect of any Debt or	ft

Penalty with which he or {he shall Hand charged at the Suit of The th^RcvVmfe,” Crown, or of any Perfon for any Offence committed against any uc. unless Ties-Act or Adis of Parliament relative to His Majdly’s Revenues of fury content. Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Public Officer upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Perfon prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Adi or Adis of Parliament relative to His Majefty’a said Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of the Public Revenue, unless any Three of the Lords CorrurAtTioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being shall certify their Consent, under their Hands, to the said Juflices at their hid Seffions or Adjournment thereof, for the Difcharge of such Prisoner as afore said.

4 XLV7I. And whereas under former Ads Creditors have been 4 put to great Expence and Trouble in attending every Seffions 4 2nd Adjournment, during the whole Continuance of this Ad, to 4 oppefe the Difcharge of Debtors clearly excluded from any Benefit 4 under the said respective Ads, but who, after having been before 4 ose Seffions and refused a Difcharge, or having given Notice of 4 his or her Intention to be brought up as required by this Ad,

4 and cot procuring himself or herself to be brought up conformably 4 to such Notice, gave fresh Notices for each fublequent Seffions and 4 Adjournment of their intended Application to be discharged, with 4 the foie View of harassing and fubjeding to Inconvenience their 4 Creditors To remedy which, be it further enacted by the Determination Amhority aforesaid. That in all cases whatever the Determination of of Jl,ft,ces final, the Juflices in Seffions or Adjournment shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, unless the Debtor shall get rid of the Objedion or jedions to Dif-Objedions for which they refused his Difcharge; and that the fame charge, ray be clear and certain, the Jullices are hereby required to Rate the OVedions why such Debtor’s Difcharge is refused by them ; and in all cases whatever it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at some one subsequent Seffions within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after he shall have been so remanded, upon Application of the Prisoner, and due Proof on Oath or otherwise to the Satisfaction of the Justices in Seffions or Adjournment, of such Objedion or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice served at lead Twenty Days previous to such Application on the Creditor or Time within Creditors who before opposed his Difcharge, or on satisfactory which Justices Keatons being given to the said Court why he or she was not diic,larSe* Wight up comformably to such Notice, and of Notice like wife laf-ried in the JLondon Gazette in manner before directed by this Act, to order such Prisoner to be brought before them ; and. if they then shall be of Opinion that the said Debtor is entitled to the

G 3	Benefit

Gc $le

EfUtes of which Prifoners are seized in Tail, delivered up to Creditors.

Aflignees nay ■j-plv for further Examination of Debtors to Two Jutiices.

Benefit of this Aft, to adjudge him or her to be entitled thereto, and if a Prisoner, to order him or her to be discharged, he or (he taking the Oath, and in all other respects conforming to the Direftions of this Aft.

4 XLVIII. And whereas it may happen that several Perfons who 4 may claim and be entitled to the Benefit of this Aft, arc seised of 4 an Eftate Tail in some Freehold Lands, Tenements or Heredi*

*	taments, which Entail, with the Remainders thereon expeftant,

4 they have by Law Power to defeat and bar, either by levying

*	a Fine or Fines, differing a Common Recovery or Common 4 Recoveries whereby the laid Freehold Lands, Tenements and 4 Hereditaments of such Perfon or Perfons would be liable to the 4 Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up according to the 4 Terms of this Aft, for the Benefit of their Creditors ;* Be it therefore further enacted, That in every such case such Perfon or Perfons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Aft, shall to all Intents and Purpofes what-foever in Law be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in Fee, and the fame shall be delivered up to such Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner in the fame manner as if such Perfon or Perfons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, and thereby had become seised in Fee; any Law or Ccnftruftion of Law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

4 XLIX. And whereas many Perfons who may be entitled to 4 and claim the Benefit of this Aft have been great Dealers, or 4 otherwise engaged in large Tranfactions, whereby they may be 4 entitled to fundbry and great Debts and Demands of various and 4 intricate Natures, and they may be entitled to Equities of Re*

4 demption of Edates subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments or 4 other Incumbrances, or to Reversions, Remainders, or other Con*

4 tingent Estates, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to other 4 Truds or Intereds in Edates both Real and Perfonal, which 4 may not be fufliciently deferibed or difeovered in the Schedule 4 or Inventory before directed to be delivered in upon Oath by 4 the Prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or which may want his 4 Aid and Afiidance to adjud, make out, recover or manage for the 4 Benefit of his Creditors y Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Aflignees of the Edate and Effefts of such Debtor or Debtors who shall obtain his, her or their Difcharge in pursuance of this Aft, or any other Perfon or Perfons duly authorized by them for that Purpose, from time to time to apply to any Two or more of the Judices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty where such Debtor or Debtors shall be then redding, thereby desiring that such Debtor or Debtors may be further examined as to any Matters and Things relating to his, her or their Edate or Effefts; whereupon such Judices shall fend for or call before them such Debtor or Debtors by such Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means as they shall think fit, and upon such Debtor’s appearing, shall examine him, her or them, as well upon Oath or otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Ailignee shall desire, relating to the Eftate and Effefts of such Debtor or Debtors; and if any

Debtor





a 2t.

87

LD. 1813.	34"	GfiO.	III.

Debtor or Debtors, on Payment or Tender of Payment of fuch

reasonable Charges as such Justices shall judge sufficient, shall negleft

or refuse to come or appear, not haring a lawful Excuse, allowed by

fsch Judices, or being come before them shall refuse to be sworn, or

to answer such Queftions as by such Justices shall be put to him,

her or them, relating to the Difcovery of his, her or their Eftate

or Effefts so wefted or intended to be Yelled in such Clerk of the

Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace,

of such Affignees as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to

md for such Jufticea by Warrant tinder their Hands and Seals to Warrant.

apprehend such Debtor or Debtors so offending as aforesaid, and him,

her or them to commit to the Common Gaol, there to remain without imprisonment.

"Bai or Mainprize until such time as he, (he or they shall fubmit

bam, her or themselves to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to

all such lawful Queftions as shall by such Justices be put to him, her

or them, for the Purpofes aforesaid.

L. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Fraudulent dif-Difcharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Aft, if it charges void, shall hereafter appear that the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath taken by any such Debtor was not true, then aid is every such case every such Difcharge shall be void and of none ESeft.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful at Affignees with all times hereafter, for any Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate or Coufent of M«-E&ecbot any Debtor or Debtors, who shall be chosen in pursuance j“r'7 Value* of diis Aft, by and with the Confent of the major Part in Value of compoundD^bts the Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors who shall be present at a and submit dif-Meetmg to be bad on Twenty one Days* Notice being previoudy put. s to Arbi-giwB for the Purpofe hereafter mentioned, in the London Gazette, if tration. the Debtor was in Cuftody in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if not, then also in some Newfpaper which shall be psblifhed in the County, City or Place in or near which such Perfon or Perfons shall have been in Gaol, to make Compofitions with any Perfon or Perfons or Accountants to such Debtor or Debtors, where the some shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can upon any such Compofition be gotten, in full Difcharge of such Debts and Ac-cooats; and also to submit any Difference or Difpute between such Affignee or Affignees and any Perfon or Perfons for or on account or by reason of any Matter, Caufe or Thing relating to the Eftate and Lffefts of such Debtor or Debtors; and every such Affignee or Affignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do is the Premifes in pursuance of this Aft.

4 L1I. And whereas Provifion ought to be made as to what

*	(herald become of the Eftate and Effefts of any Debtor or Debtors

•	not got in, obtained or recovered by any Affignee or Affignees at 4 the time of his or their Death or Deaths, and whose Heir or 4 Heirs, Executors, Adminillrators and Affigns refuse to aft or

4 meddle therein;* To remedy wbich, be it enacted, That in all such if Affignees die, cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such others choiVn. Debtor or Debtors to choose a new Affignee or Affignees, and to ttasi a new Affignment from the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy,

Twrn Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, pursuant * the Order of the Justices, and which said Order the said Juftices

G 4	are





88

C. 28.

Courts removing Aflignee*.

In cases of mutual Credit, Balance Hated.

540 GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

are hereby required and empowered to direct (on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of such former Aflignee or Aflignees, and Refufal of his or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns to ad or meddle therein) ; and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to all Orders and Directions made by this Ad relative to them or any of them, and to be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as are inflicted on them or any of them by this Ad for Difobedience in any Part thereof, or Negled of Duty whatever; and in case any such Aflignee or Aflignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or Afligns shall refuse to ad, that then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Aflignee or Aflignees with like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Ad; and the said Justices shall have Power in a summary way to oblige the Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns of such Aflignee or Affignees to account for and deliver up all such Eftate and Effeds as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Purpofes of this Ad.

LIII. And, to the Intent and Purpofe that the Eftate and Effeds of such Debtor or Debtors as shall be discharged by virtue of this Ad, may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her or their real Creditors, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts at Wejlminjler% and the Courts of Great Scffions in Wales, and the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancajlcr and Durham respectively, from whence any Procefs issued upon which any such Debtor or Debtors was or were committed, or where the Proccfs issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer, or of Great Seffions, or Counties Palatine aforesaid, within their respective Jurifdidious, or any one of them, from time to time upon the Petition of any such Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Debtor, complaining of any Insufficiency, Fraud or Mifcondud of any Aflignee or Aflignees of the Eftate or Effeds of any such Debtor or Debtors, to summon all Parties concerned, and upon hearing the Parties concerned therein to make and give such Orders and Dircdions therein, either for the Removal of such Aflignee or Affignees, and appointing any new Aflignee or Aflignees in the Place of such Aflignee or Aflignees so to be removed, and for the prudent, just and equitable Management or Diftribution of the Eftate and Effeds of any such Debtor, for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal of any Aflignee or Aflignees, and the appointing of any new Aflignee or Affignees, the Eftate and Effeds of such Debtor or Debtors shall from thenceforth be divested out of the Aflignee or Aflignees so removed, and be vested in and delivered over to such new Aflignee or Aflignees, in the fame manner and for the fame Intents and Purpofes as the fame were before vested in the Aflignee or Affignees first chosen ; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases where mutual Credit hath been given between any Debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Ad and any other Perfon or

Perfons

v^ooQle

I

C.28.

AD. 1813.	54* GEO.	III.

89

Perfons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, before the Delivery of such Schedule or Inventory of the Eftate and Effeds of such Debtor or Debtors upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Aflignee or Aflignecs of iuch Debtor or Debtors is and are hereby authorized and required co his and their Parts to state and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be veiled in such Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Aflignee or A&gnees as aforesaid, as the Eftate or Effeds of such Debtor or Debtors than what ihall appear to be justly due to him, her or them itipettwely, as and for the Balance of iuch Account when truly Hated.

‘ LV. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and 4 are now imprisoned for Debt upon Proceffes issuing out of Courts

•	ot Conicience ;* It is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Perfons imori-Pnforttrs shall be entitled to have the Benefit of this Ad, and be frned by Courts difcnarged under the fame, provided he, ihe and they conform to the f^?nJc'cnre Directions hereinbefore preferibed, touching other Prifoners who fhall

be dilcharged by virtue of this Ad; and the Keeper or Keepers, j ^ ^turned of Gaoler or Gaolers, of all and every Gaol, Prifon or other Place of them to Seflion. Confinement, in which any Perfon or Perfons are confined, or charged in Execution with Debts under Procefs or Proceffes issuing out of or from (uch Courts of Conscience, are hereby required to make out and deliver to the Justices assembled at the next Quarter Seflions or Adjourned Seflions of the Peace, a true Lift or Lifts of the Prisoners in their Cuftody so confined or charged in Execution, in like mincer as the Gaolers or Keepers of other Prifons are directed by thisAa.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein by this Affirmation of Ad an Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Perfon being Quakers taken, a Quaker Ihall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Perfon making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of trill’ll and false Affirmation, shall incur and suffer such and the fame Penalties as are in Aided and imposed by this Ad upon Perfons con- Perjury, tided of wilful and corrupt Peijury.

4 LVII. And whereas Debtors are frequently, to the Injury of

*	tbemfclves and their Creditors, remanded back to Prifon on account

*	of mere Errors or Omiffions in point of Form relating to their

•	Notices or the making out of their Schedules, or other Proceedings

4 directed by this Ad It is hereby enacted and declared. That it juflicei mar fcall and may be lawful to and for the Justices assembled at such amend Nonces Quarter Seflions or Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, to amend such and Schedules in Matters of Form or to supply such Omissions, or to correct such Er- M*,tcr*ot rors in the said Notices, Schedules or other Proceedings directed or °rm* declared to be effectual by this Ad, as shall appear to the said Justices to have arisen from Ignorance or Miftake of the Parties, without remanding back the said Prifoncr or Prifoners; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases whatsoever Infolvent on retie Insolvent, upon his releasing any Intcreft he or she may have leifing Intereil, tn the Reiiduum of his or her Estate, shall and may be admitted as a sood w,tncls‘ £ood and sufficient Witnefs in any Adion or Caufe to be inllituted by bi* or her Aflignee or Affignees for the Recovery of any Debts &e to the said Insolvent, in the fame manner as a Bankrupt may dcr obtaining his Certificate,

LIX. And





9°

C. 25.

Future Eftates of Debtor! dif-charged under Atl liable for Debu.

Ptrfons having taken Benefit of Infolvent Adt within Five Year*, not entitled to Belief.

Bankrupts how far availed by AO.

54# GEO. III.	A.D.i8i3.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained /hall be deemed or taken to discharge the future Eftate or Effe&s, Real or Perfonal, of any Perfon or Perfons discharged under this Aft, whether such Perfon or Perfons shall or /hall not have been charged in Execution of or from the Payment of any Debts, Damages, Cofts, Sum or Sums of Money due, owing or demandable from any such Perfon or Perfons, 6r in respect of which any such Perfon or Perfons was or were in Cuftody; and all and every Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive or be paid any such Debt, Damages, Cods, Sum or Sums of Money, /hall have all such and the like Remedies in Law or Equity against such future Eftate and Effefts, other than and except the necessary Apparel and Bedding of such Perfon or Perfons and their Family, and the necessary Tools for his, her or their Trade and Occupation, not exceeding the Value of Forty Pounds, but not against the Perfon of the rarty for Payment thereof, as he, /he or they might have had if this Aft had not been made; and in any case in which the Payment or Recovery of such Demands or Sums of Money could before the passing of this Aft have been enforced only by Commitment, cither on the Ground of Contempt or otherwise, of the Perfons liable thereto, the Party interested therein /haD be and is hereby enabled to sue the Perfon or Perfons who ought to have paid the fame for what /hall remain unfatis/ied thereof, m like manner as if the Sum remaining unsatisfied had been Money lent and advanced by or Money had and received for the Ufe of the Perfon having such Demand, but /hall be entitled to recover or have Execution out of or against such future Eftates and E/fefts only, and /hall not be entitled to arrest or take in Execution the Party against whom such Demand /hall be enforced.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfon who /hall have taken the Benefit of any Aft heretofore passed for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors, within the Space of Five Years last pad, /hall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Aft, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, fa as to be discharged under the fame; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwith/landing.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Pri-{oner against whom any Commiflion of Bankrupt /hall have i/Tue<l and /hall remain in force, and who /hall not have obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts under such Commiflion duly allowed, /hall be di/charged by virtue of this Aft from any Debt which /hall have been or may be proved under such Commission, unless such Commiflion /hall have issued, and such Bankrupt /hall have duly surrendered himself or her-felf to the Commiflioners, or the major Part of them named in fucH Commission, Two Years at the least before the palling of this Aft, and /hall in all Things have duly conformed himself or herself to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts; and unless the major Part of the Commiflioners named in such Commiflion /hall specially certify, which they are hereby authorized to do if they /hall think fit, that such Bankrupt has so duly conformed, and has in their Opinion made a full and fair Difclofure of all his or her Eftate or Effefts, and in all Things conducted himself or herself properly under fiich Commijf-fion ; and in all such cases such Bankrupt /hall be capable of being discharged in respect of all Debts which cannot be proved under fuch

Commission,

v^ooQle

9l

A.D.1813.	54*	GEO.	III.	C.	28, 29.

Commission, in the fame Manner and upon the fame Terms as any ether Prisoner may be discharged by virtue of this Aft, and shall and my be discharged as to perional Arreft for Debt in respect of all Debts proved or capable of being proved under such Commiffion ; bat oeverthelefs such Bankrupt, and his or her Effefts, shall in all ether refpeft8 whatsoever remain subject to the Laws in force concerning Bankrupts, as he or (he would have been if this Aft had not been made.

LXII. Provided always, That in the Notices to be given by hch Bankrupt as aforesaid, and in the Oath to be taken by him or her according to the Provifions of this Aft, such Bankrupt shall be deferibed as a Perfon against whom a Commiffion of Bankrupt has iffoed and is dill in force, and who has not obtained a Certificate of bis or her Conformity to the Statutes concerning Bankrupts duly allowed; and such Bankrupt, instead of swearing to the Truth of a Schedule of his or her Eftate or Effefts, shall swear that he or (he has made a full Difclofure of his or her Effefts under the said Commif-fkn, and that he or (he has no Effate or Effefts which can be veiled in an Affignee under this Aft, all the Eftate and Effefts of such Bankrupt being veiled in the Affignee or Affignees under such Com-nnf&oo by virtue of such Commission, and the Affignment made in pursuance thereof.

LXII I. Provided always, That in case such Commiffion shall at any dine thereafter be superseded, then and in such case the Difcharge which Adi be obtained by virtue of this Aft shall be null and void.

LXIV. Provided also, That nothing in this Aft contained shall be (kerned or con ftrued to repeal or affect any of the Provifions contained in the A 6k hereinbefore mentioned, of the Fifty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, or any Aft passed to amend the fame 5 or to prevent any Perf<in from having or taking the Benefit of the said Ad, or of any A61 passed to amend the fame.

LXV. Provided also, That this Aft may be altered, varied or amended, during this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An Aft to charge an additional Duty of Cuftoms on Brandy imported into Great Britain for the Purpofe of Exportation, and which shall be taken out of Warehoufe for Home C011-fumpdon, before the Thirty first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.	[14th	December	1813.]

*	XTTHEREAS certain Quantities of Brandy have been brought 4 VV into Great Britain under the Authority of Licences granted

*	00 the Condition of such Brandy being exported to Foreign Parts,

*	and which Brandy now remains under the Care of the Officers of 1 the Revenue: And whereas it is expedient that such Brandy ffiould 4 row be permitted to be used in Great Britain on Payment of the

*	Duties of Cuftoms and Excife due and payable thereon, and alfo

*	of a further Duty of Cuftoms Be it therefore enacted by The Xing’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent d the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from ad after the passing of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietor or Coufignee of any such Brandy so imported or brought

into



Notices of Bankrupt, how regulated.

Commiffion fu-perfeded, Discharge void.

Art not to repeal or affect 53 G.3. c. ica.

Aft altered, lie.

EXP.

Additional Duty on Brandy.

On Payment of

Duties, Brandy delivered for Home Con-fumption.

Duty levied as other Duties of Cultoms.

A& altered,&c.

*9G.3. c. 74.

11, a.

C, 29,30.	540	GEO. III.	A.D. 1813.

into Great Britain as aforesaid, and which now actually remains under the Care of the Officers of the Revenue, to make an Entry thereof with the proper Officers of the Cuftoms and Excife, and to pay the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife due and payable on Brandy at the time of such Entry, and also an additional Temorary or War Duty of Cuftoms of Two Shillings for every Gallon of such Brandy: Provided always, that no such Entry ffiall be permitted to be made, or the Duties on any such Brandy be received, unless such Entry shall be made and the full Duties on such Brandy paid on or before the Thirty first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

II.	And be it further enacted, That on such Entry being made, and the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife due and payable on the Importation of Brandy into Great Britain, together with the additional Duty of Cuftoms imposed by this Adi of Two Shillings for every Gallon of such Brandy being paid within the time hereinbefore limited, any such Brandy shall and mav be delivered to the Proprietor or Confignee thereof, for the Purpofe of being used or consumed in Great Britain ; any thing contained in the Licence or Licences under the Authority of which any such Brandy may have been imported or brought into Great Britain, or in any Adi or Adis of Parliament ta the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said additional Duty of Cuftoms shall be afeertained, managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered in such and the like manner as the Duties of Cuftoms due and payable on Brandy on and immediately before the passing of this Adi are afeertained, managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered ; and that the Produce and Amount of the said Duty shall be appropriated and applied in such and the like manner in every respect as the Temporary or War Duty payable on Brandy imported into Great Britain is appropriated and applied.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That this Adi may be altered, amended or repealed by any Adi or Adis to be made in this present Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. XXX.

An Aft to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament, several Laws relating to the Tranfportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to the authorizing the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland.

[14th December 1813.]

« TT7HEREAS the Laws hereinafter mentioned have by Expc-« VV rience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient « that the fame should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That so much of an Adi, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad to explain and amend the Law

relating

CjOOQle

93

iD.i8i3*.	54C GEO. HI.	C. 30, 31.

stlniaj to the Tran/portationf Imprisonment and other Punifhment of artjiu Offenders^ as relates to Tra importation beyond the Seas ; and Liu so much of an A£l> made in the Twenty fourtli Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A£1 for the effectual Tran/-pcnjlitnof Felons and other Offenders ; and to authorize the Removal if Prijaner: in certain Cafes ; and for other Purpofes therein men-as extends to authorize the Kemoval of Olfenders to temporary Places of Confinement ; which A6ls were amended and conti-by Six other Acts of the Twenty eight, Thirty fourth, Thirty aistb, Forty second, Forty lixth and Fifty third Years of the Reign ct His present Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand ei^ht hundred and fourteen, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and from thence to the End of the then lca: Sdhon of Parliament.

If. And be it further enabled. That so much of an A& made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for the more effectual Tranfportation of Felons and «t 'tcr Offenders in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and ts jzi/.orize the Removal of Prifoners in certain Cafesy as authorizes the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, vdnch was to continue in force until the Firfl Day of June One thousand tarn hundred and eighty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament; and which was revived and continued by Five A6ls of the Thirty fourth, Thirty ninth, Forty ikond, Forty lixth and Fifty third Years of His present Mii-ifr's Reign, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou-isBui eight hundred ana fourteen, shall be and the fame is hereby farther continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament.

III. And be it further enabled. That this A 61 may be altered, amended or repealed by any Adi or Adis to be pafied in this Sefiion cf Parliament.

CAP. XXXI.

An Acl for the regulating of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.	[14th	December 1813.]

[SECTIONS l./o 8. are the fame as the like Sections of 53 G. 3.

<•15*]

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Non Cocr.irJfiioned Officer or Marine so convicted of Defertion, shall 2ppcar to have enlisted for a limited Term of Years, it shall be lawful for such Court to sentence any fucli Non Commiflioned Officer or Marine so enlisted, to serve for Life as a Soldier, or for ry Number of Years beyond the Period for which such Non Com-13aifioced Officer or Marine shall have enlisted, or generally, in any Rrgunent or Corps which His Majesty shall please to direct ; and any Non Comoniffioned Officer or Marine may, in any case, in addition u inj Service, be further adjudged to forfeit all Benefit or Advan-Urt 23 to Increafe of pay, or as to Penfion or Difcharge, which C'At otherwise have accrued to such Non Commiflioned Officer or Iforae from the Length or Nature of his Service.

X. And





and part cf 24 G. 3. Sell*. 2. c. <6. continued.

28 G. 3. c. 24-

§ .v

;>4 0.3. c.6o.

§ X

.^0.3 c. 51.

§ 1.

41 G. 3. c. 28.

§ 1

46 G. 3. c. 28.

§ 1.

53 O 3. c. 39. § x.

25 G. 3. c. 4^’-

§ 4. continued.

34 G. 3. c. 60. §2.

39 G.3. c* J1*

§ 2.

4 2.G.3. c.28.

§ 3-

46 G. 3. c. a8.

§ 2.

53 G. 3. c.39.

§2.

A6t altered,kc.

Court may sentence Dcterteis to ierve for Life, &c

54° GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

or order them to be marked*

Pay forfeited during Imj'ri-Ibn merit.

Provifo.

Confbbles, &c. to quarter Olficers and Men in Inns, Alcboul'es, Sec*

X. And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for any Court Martial before which any Non Commiflioned Officer or Marine shall be tried and convicted of Defertion, to difedl, if it shall so think fit, in addition to any other Punifhment such Court may award for any such Defertion, that such Deferter be marked on the Left Side Two Inches below the Arm Pit with the Letter (D.), such Letter not to be less than Half an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with Ink or Gunpowder or other Preparation so as to be visible and conspicuous and not liable to be obliterated,

[1Sections II. to 18. are the fame as § 9. to 16. of 53 G.3. e. 25.] XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Non Commif-fioned Officer or Private Marine, to be imprisoned as aforesaid, shall forfeit all Right to any Pay, from the Day of his Commitment, during the time of such Imprifonment; and also that, during the Continuance of any such Imprifonment, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prifon or House of Corre&ion shall receive the Sum of Nine pence per Diem out of the Subfiftence of such Non Commiflioned Officer or Private Marine, during the time that such Nod Commiflioned Officer or Private Marine shall continue in Cuftody, which laid Sum the Lords Commiflioners of the Admiralty are hereby authorized and required to cause to be paid by the Pay-mafter of Royal Marines to the said Gaoler or Keeper aforesaid, upon receiving an Application in Writing to their Secretary, signed by any Juftice of the Peace for the County or Riding in which such Gaol, Prifon or House of Corre&ion shall be locally fltuate, together with a Copy of the Order under which the said Non Commif-fioned Officer or Private Marine was confined: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commiflioners of the Admiralty for the time being, if they should think fit, to order the I flue and Payment of the Surplus of such Pay, or any Portion thereof, or of any Arrears thereof, to or on Account of such Non Commif-floned Officer or Private Marine during or after the Expiration of the Period of his Imprifonment in any Gaol, House of Correction or Place of Military Confinement.

[SeSions 20. to 28. are the fame as f 18. to 26. of 53 G.3. r.25.]

• XXIX. And whereas there is and may be Occafion for the * marching and quartering of the said Royal Marine Forces in several ‘ Parts of this Kingdom ;* Be it further ena&cd, That, for and during the Continuance of this A&, and no longer (in pursuance of an Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of Three or more of the Commiflioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the time being), it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief Officers and Magiflrates of Cities, Towns and Villages, and other Places within England and Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy and in their Default or Abfence, for any One Juftice ot the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and such Conflables and other Chief Magiflrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Marines, both Officers and Private Men, in His Majefty’s Service in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Vi&ualling Houles, and the Houfes of Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houfes or Places thereunto belonging, and all Houfe! of Perfoos felling Brandy,

Strong





\

ID.1813.	540	GEO.	III.	C.	31.

Strong Waters, Cyder or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank in their own Houses, other than and except Canteens held and occupied w«der the Authority of the Commillioners for the Affairs of Bar-reeks, or of the Department of the Ordnance, or of the Lords Corcmiffioners of the Admiralty, and other than and except the but in no Dirtil-Houfe or Houfes of any Diftiliers, who keep Houfes or Places J*r# or,s^,P-for di&illing Brandy, or Strong Waters, and the House of atay Shop- any Pr^ste keeper, whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Houle*. Merchandize than in Brandy and Strong Waters (fo as such Diftil-lers and Shopkeepers do not permit or suffer Tippling in his or their Houfes), and in no other, and in no Private Houfes whatsoever, without the Confent of the Occupier ; nor shall any more Billets at any nine be ordered than there are effective Royal Marines present to be qiartered ; and if anyConffable, Tythingman, or such like Officer or Magiftrate as aforesaid shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Private Man in any such Private House without the Con-» feit of the Occupier, in such case such Occupier shall have his or her Remedy at Law against such Magiftrate or Officer for the Damages that such Occupier shall sustain thereby; and if any Marine Officer Officers quarter-fhall take upon him to quarter Private Men otherwise than is limited in8 Men and allowed by this Ad, or shall use or offer any Menace or Com- t0 puVuon to any Mayors, Conflables or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and difeourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Marine Officer shall, for every such Offence (being thereof confided before any Two or more of the next Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witneffes), be deemed tad taken to be ipso failo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled Punishment, to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majefly’s Service; provided the said Convi&ion be affirmed at the next Quarter Seffions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the next Court Martial 5 and Aggrieved by in case any Perfon shall find himself aggrieved in that such Confla- ***”& <lu*rtered Ue, Tythingman or Headborough, Chief Officer or Magiftrate (fuch	Juftke

Chief Officer or Magiftrate not being a Juftice of the Peace V, has ^	1

quartered or billetted in his House a greater Number of Royal Marines than he ought to bear in proportion to his Neighbours, sad shall complain thereof to One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty, where such Royal Marines are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magiftrate shall be a Jaftice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to Two or more Jcihces of the Peace of such Division, City or Liberty, such Juftice or Justices respectively shall have, and is or are hereby declared to have. Power to relieve such Perfon by ordering such and so many of the said Royal Marines to be removed and quartered upon such other Perfon or Perfons as they shall fee Caule ; and such other Perfon or Perfons shall be obliged to receive such Royal Marines

■g]y-

30. is the fame as § 28. of 53 G.3. r.25.]

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby ena£lcd, That Officcrsand the Marine Officers and Private Men, so quartered and billetted as Marines to pay ffiirtsaid, shall be received and fiirnifhed with Diet and Small Beer

the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling v> !uns*

Houses,





A.D.i8f

Innht Hers re-filling to luinilh Men quartered on them with Meat, to allow them Candles, &c. gratis.

Officers to give Notice to Innkeepers of Sub-fitience Money in their Hands, Icc.

c’3r.	54°GEO.III.

3

Houses, and the Houfcs of Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houfcs or Places thereunto belonging, and other Houfes in which they are allowed to be quartered and billetted by this Aft ;	-

paying and allowing for the fame the several Rates that are or ffiall be eftabliffied by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in that respect.	:	:

XXXII. Provided always. That in case any Innholder or other Perfon on whom any Non Commiflioned Officers or Private Men ffiall be quartered by virtue of this Aft (except on a March or : employed in recruiting, and likewise except the Recruits by them railed, for the Space of Seven Days at moll, for such Non Commif- , honed Officers and Private Men, who are recruiting, and the Recruits by them raifed), ffiall be desirous to furniffi such Non Commiflion Officers and Private Men with Candles, Vinegar and Salt, and with either Small Beer or Cyder, not exceeding Five Pints for each Man per Diem, gratis, and allow to such Non Commiflion Officers or Private Men the Ufe of Fire, and the necessary Utenfils for dressing and eating their Meat, and ffiall give Notice of such his Defire to the Commanding Officer, and ffiall furniffi and allow the fame accordingly, then and in such case, the Non Commiflion Officers •and Private Men so quartered ffiall provide their own Viftuals ; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or who ffiall actually re-ceive the Pay and Subfiftence of such Non Commiflion Officers and Private Men, ffiall pay the several Sums that are or ffiall be efta-bliffied by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in that Behalf to the Non Commiflion Officers and Private Men aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Perfon, on whom such Non Commiflion Officers and Private Men are quartered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[SeB’tons 33. to 35. are the fame as § 31. to 33. of 53 G. 3. e. 25.] XXXVI. And, that the Quarters both of the said Marine Officers and Private Men, while on Shore as aforesaid, may, during the Continuance of this Aft, be duly paid and satisfied, and His Majefty’s Duties of Excife better answered, be it enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, every Officer or other Perfon to whom it belongs to receive, or that ffiall actually receive the Pay or Subfift-ence Money, for One or more particular Company or Companies of the said Royal Marine Foroes, or otherwise, shall immediately upon each Receipt of every particular Sum which ffiall from time to time be paid, returned or come to his or their Hands, on account of Pay or Subfiftence, give public Notice thereof to all Perfons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or Private Men are quartered by virtue of this Aft; and ffiall also appoint the said Innkeepers, and others, to repair to their Quarters at such times as they ffiall appoiut for the Diftribution and Payment of the said Pay or Subfillence Money to such Officers or Private Men, which shall be within Four Days at the farthest after the Receipt of the fame, as aforesaid $ and the said Innkeepers, and others, ffiall then and there acquaint such Officer or Officers with the Accounts or Debt9 (if any fhafl be) between them and the Officers and Private Men so quartered in their respective Houfes ; which Accounts the said Officer or Officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the fame, before any Part of the said Pay or Subfiftence be distributed either

to

QjOOQle

97

ID. 1813:

54° GEO. III.

& the Officers or Private Men; and if any Officer or Officers, as officers not rixtuid, shall not give Notice as aforesaid, and shall not imme- Notice of daiely, upon producing such Account dated, satisfy, content and Subliiteiice par rie fame, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Mo[l)cy an(* Witneffes, at the next Quarter Seffions for the County or City ,Ui> therein such Quarters were ( which Oath the Judices of the Peace at fad Seffions are hereby authorized and required to adminider), the Paymader, or Perfon tor the time being authorized to pay the said Roril Marine Foroes, is hereby required and authorized (upon Cer-ttkite of the said Judices, before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Perfons to whom the fame sowing), to pay and satisfy the (aid Sums out of the Arrears due Paymafterto to the (aid Marine Officer or Officers, upon Penalty that such Pay- lat^fy them out mailer or Perfon shall forfeit their respective Place or Places of Pay- of An tars, mailer or otherwise, and be discharged from holding the fame for the future; and in case there shall be no Arrears due to the said No Arran Officer or Officers, then the said Paymader, or Perfon for the time due, Pay nutter br.Qg authorized to pay the said Royal Marine Foroes, is hereby to deduct out of authorized and required to dedud the Sums he shall pay, pursuant to "cxt Suhli‘leuce the Certificate of the said Judices, out of the next Payor Subfid- Jnejr* act Money of the Company to which such Officer or Officers shall bekmg; and such Officer or Officers, shall, for such their Offence, or for neglecting to give Notice of the Receipt of such Pay or Subsidence Money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are officers neelefl-hatbr declared ipso fado calhiered.	ing.Punifliment.

[Sesisfu 37. to 40. are the fame as £35. to 38. of 53 G. 3. c. 25.]

XLI, And be it further enatted, That, for the better and more regular Provifion of Carriages for His Majedy’s Royal Marine Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements in England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all Judices of the Peace within the several Counties, Ridings, Divilions, juftres or-SLirta, Liberties and Precin&s, being duly required thereunto by Her Conftabl*? the (aid Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commiffion- 1,1 provide Carers for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the for lhe time being, by an Order in Writing under his or their respective onM]rch. ^ Hand or Hands, shall, as often as such Order shall be brought and unto One or more such Judice or Judices by the O nicer or Officers of the Company or Companies of Royal Marines so ordered Jo march, iffae out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High CoctUbles, or Petty Conilables, of the Division, Riding, City, Li-brrte, Hundred or rrecind, from, through, near or to which such Company or Companies shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such Provifioo for Carriages, with able Men to drive the brae, as shall be mentioned in the laid Warrant, allowing them fuf-fcfceat time to do the fame, that the neighbouring; Parts may not ffiways bear the Burthen; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, Divifion or Precinct, then the next Judice or Judices of the Peace for the Ccaaty, Riding or Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought, or (hewn to One or more of them, by any of the Marine Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, to the High Con (tables or Petty Conftables of such next County, Riding,

Divifion or Precind, for the Purpofes aforesaid, to make up





9*

Hire j»aid down.

Waetrona, &c. not flopped on account of Weight or Number of Hurfes. .

Officer forcing Waggon* to traveJ more than One Day'* Journey, 8c c

Penalty.

Rates of Car-• e.

■31*

54® GEO. Ilf.

A«D.i8i3»

tuc of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from such Juftice or Justices of the Peace, is or are to demand the Carriage or Carnages therein mentioned of the High Cbnftable or Petty Constable, to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the fame time, to nay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable for the U(e of the Perfon who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the respective Sums hereinafter mentioned, for which respective Sums so received, the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing to the Perfon or Perfons paying the fame ; and such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Perfon or Perfons having Carriages, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to protide and furnifti such Carriages and Horfes and Oxen and Men according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnifti the fame accordingly; and no Perfon owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage be (lopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horfes or Oxen j but it shall be lawful for any Owper of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to put any ad-* ditional Number of Horfes or Oxen to those preferibed or paid for . under this Ad; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway . or. Road, to the contrary notwithstanding ; and if any Marine Officer ,or Officers for the Ufe of whose Company or Companies the Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carnage to travel more than One Day’s Journey, or Audi not dif-charge the fame in due time for their return Home, or shall fuller any Marine or Servant (except such as are (ick), or any Woman, to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid ; or shall force any Constable or Petty Constable, by Threatenings or menacing Words, to provide Sadcue Horfes for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horles from the Owners, by themselves, Servants or Private Men ; every such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds$ Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Twts of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the fame County or Riding, who are to certify the fame to the proper Paymafter of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Foroes, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of such Justices of the Peace $ and is also hereby empowered to dedudfc the fame out of such Officer’s Pay.

XLII. And be it further enacted, that the Sums to be paid into the Hands of such Constable or Petty Constable in Englandt Wales and Berwick upon Tweedy shall be according to the following Rates ; that is to fay,‘ the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wag-

son with Four or more Horfes, or any Wain with Six Oxen, or our Oxen with Two Horfes, shall travel; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horfes, or carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; and the Sum of Six pence for every Mile any Cart or other Carriage with less than Four Horfes, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel 5 or any further Sum not exceeding Four pence for every Mile any* Waggon with Four or more Horfes, or any Wain with Six Oxen, 11	or





\

AJ3.1813.

54* GEO. HI.

C.31.

99

or with Four Oxen and Two Hoffeii, shall travel 5 and not exceed-bj Three pence for every Mild an^ Cart with Four Horfes, or carrying notlefs than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; and not weeding Two pence for every Mile? any Cart or other Carriage with le£s than Four Horfes, and riot carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, /hall travel ; according as the fame shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or Diftrift akmMed at any General Sefiions of the Peace for such County or Fixed at Seflions. D-irid, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the time of fixing such Additional Rates : Provided always, Provifo. that in cases where the Day’s March /hall exceed Fifteen Miles, fifth further Compenfation shall be made and paid in like manner to the Owners of the said Carriages as shall be deemed reasonable by the Magiftrate who granted the Warrant for impressing them, not ex* ctedtng the usual Kate and Hire of such Carriages: Provided always, Provifo. tfef every Order of the Justices assembled at any General Seflions of the Peace, fixing a further Sum to be paid for t{ie Hire of Carriages n aforesaid in Addition to the customary Rates of One Shilling and Nine peace and Six pence ter Mile respectively, shall specify th&

Period for which the fame mall be in force, and which shall not ixi any case exceed Ten Days beyond the General Seflions of the Peace fet Inch County or Diftrift next ensuing the Date of such Order, and a Copy of every such Order (igned by the Chairman or presiding Magiftrat? and one other Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate at the Otaner Seffions at which the*fame shall be made, shall within Three Dsp after the making thereof be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and no such Order shall be valid or effectual unless a Copy thereof be so (igned and transmitted as aforesaid : Provided also, that in every case of any increased Rate being allowed for the Hire of any Carriage, the Juftice of the Peace granting or signing sick Warrant shall insert in his own Hand the Amount of such increased Rate for each Defcription of Carriage as so authorized by tfce Justices at the Quarter Seffions as aforesaid, and such Warrant shall be given to the Officer or Non Commiffioned Officer commanding the Regiment, Corps, Company, Detachment or Party requiring such Carriages, as his Voucher for the Payment of fbch increafea Rate ; and* no increased Rate shall be demanded, but such is shall be so inserted by the Juftice in the Warrant, f SeSions 43. to jl. are the fame as $40. to 48. of 53 G, 3. c.25.]

LIL And whereas several Marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards desert and be found Wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from His Majefty’s Service 5 it is hereby further enacted, That it mall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Cooftablet, Sec. Headborough or Ttthingman, of the Town or Place where any may apprehend Perfoo who may reasonably be suspected to be such a Deferter shall Deferters, and be found, or if no such Constable, Headborough or Tithingman can cur! ^ be immediately met with, then for any Marine Officer or Marine to foc# * ,uft,ce» apprehend Or cause such suspected Perfon to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Juftice of the Peace Iniaj in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and rtqjired to examine such suspected Perfon ; and if, by his Consession, the Teftimony of One or more Witnefs or WitnefTes upon Oath, or by Knowledge of such Juftice of the Peace, it shall appear or be ffrad that faefi‘fufpefted Perfon is a Marine duly entered, and

H 2	ought





ami transmit an Account to Secretary of Admiralty.

Gaol Keeper to receive Sub-fiftence of Defciters.

Concealing Del'erters, ice.

Penalty.

Diflreli.

Goofs, Sec. not i'utficienL

Jmpriibatnent.

Receiving Arms, Clothes, &c. of I> e fetters, kc.

C. 3*.	54®	GEO. HI.	AJ?*i8i3*

ought to be with the Company to which he belongs, whether such Company shall be employed on board any of His Majefty’s Ships or Veffels, or quartered on Shore, or employed on board any Tranfport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Veffel, luen Juftice of the Peace shall without Fee or Reward to himself or Clerk forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found; or to the House of Corre&ion or other public Prifon in such Town or Place where such Deferter shall be apprehended ; or to the Savoy; in case such Deferter shall be apprehended within the Cities of London or Wejlmtnjler, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being, to the end that such Perfon may be proceeded against according to Law ; and* the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Corre&ion or Prifon, shall receive the full Subfiftence of such Deferter, during the time he shall continue in his Cuftody, for the Maintenance of such Deferter 5 but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of the Imprifonment of any such Deferter ; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding s Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being, if he should think fit to order the Iflue and Payment of any Arrears of Pay, or of the Surplus of such Pay or any Portion thereof, to or on account of such Non Commiifioned Officer or Marine, during or after the Expiration of his Period of Imprifonment in any Gaol or House of Corre&ion or other public Prifon.

[Seffions 53. to 56. are the fame ai § 50. to 53. of 53 G. 3. r. 25.]

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, Tnat if any Perfon shall harbour, conceal or assist any Deferter from His Majefty’s Royal Marine Service, knowing him to be such, the Perfon so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon Convi&ion, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before any of His Majefty’s Juflices of the Peace, the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of such Juftice of the Peace, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Paymafter of the Royal Marine Foroes, and shall be credited by such Paymafter in his Public Accounts, and a Report of the Penalty being adjudged ihall be made to the Secretary of the Admiralty by the Juftice of the Peace by whom the fame Ihall have been imposed 5 and in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring, concealing or afiifting any such Deferter, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs may be made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Convi&ion, then and in such case fuph Juftice of rhe Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Six Months.

LVIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to The King, from any Marine or Marine Deferter, or any other Perfon, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or any such Articles belonging to any Marine or Marine Deferter, as are generally deemed Regimental 3	Neceffarie3#

CjOOQle

AJX1813.	S46GE0.III.	C.31.	iqi

Neccflkries, according to the Cuftom of the Royal Marine Corps (being provided. For the Marine and paid for by the Dedu&ions out of his Pay), or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed,

Cray such Perfon so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence

the Sum of Five Pounds; and upon Convi&ion by the Oath of Penalty.

One or more credible "Witnefs or Witneffes before any One or more of His Majefly's Justices of the Peace, the said Penalty shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hands of the said Juftice or Justices ct the Peace, by Dilirefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of Piilrefis. the Offender, One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Paymafter of the Royal Marine Foroes, who shall report the fame to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and credit the fame in his public Accounts 5 and in case any such Ofcder who shall be convicted as aforesaid, of having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to The King, or any such Articles as are generally deemed Regimental	*

'Neoeflanes, or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed contrary to the Intent of this A£t, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs may be made to the Value Goods, Ac. not of the Penalty recovered against him or her for such Offence, or sufficient.

shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Con vision,

then and in such case such Juftice or Jnilices of the Peace (hall

and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands

and Scab, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, Imprifonment,

there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of &c*

Thrre ^fonths, or cause such Offender to be publicly or privately whipped, at the Difcretion of such Juftice or Justices.

‘ LIX. And whereas Marines absent on Furlough granted to them

#	by their Commanding Officers are sometimes prevented by Sick-

•	nrfs, or other unvoidable Cafualty, from returning to their Duty

*	before the Expiration of the time limited by such Furlough ; and

*	Doubts have arisen whether in such cases the Extenfion of a f Marine's Furlough by a Juftice of the Peace be sanctioned by

♦	legal Authority, and effectual for preventing such Marine from

1 being apprehended upon Sufpicion of his having deserted j* Be Furlough ex-

it further enacted, That any Infpe&ing Field Officer, stationed on tended in case of

the Recruiting Service, or any Officer of the Rank of Captain Sicknefs,&c.

or of fuperipr Rank, or any Adjutant of Local Militia ftationed

within the Diftri& ; or in case there be no such Officer as aforefaid

within a convenient Distance, that any Juftice of the Peace may

and be is hereby authorized to grant in Writing under his Hand

an Extenfion of Furlough to any Non Commiffioned Officer or

Marine applying for the fame on account of Sicknefs or other

Cafoalty which shall pn due Enquiry appear to render such Ex-

tendon necessary; and that every such Officer or Juftice of the

Peace, who fhaU grant to any Non Commiffioned Officer or Marine

an Extenfion of Furlough as aforesaid, shall immediately certify the

fame with the Caufe of its being so granted to the Secretary of

the Admiralty, and that such Non Commiffioned Officer or Marine

during the Period to which his Furlough shall have been so extended

as aforesaid shall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwise mplefted

on the Ground of his having deserted, or of criminally absenting him-

kft from bis Division: Provided always, that nothing in this A61 pr0vifo.

wcuined 'fhall be construed to exempt any Non Commiffioned Officer

H 3	or





IQ2

’ .	*1.	i	.1‘

• IV'. .... 1

Provifo.

Order made for Pay due for Period of extended Furlough.

Provifbr

C. 31.	540 GEO. III.	A.D.	1813.

or Marine, Whefe Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid, from being ptoCeeded agafaft and puniffied acqordirfg to the Provi-fions of this A£t, ffiould it thereafter appear that ftfch Non Commif-fioned Officer or Marine had obtained the Ext&ifion of his Furlough by1 faHe Reprefentation made to such Officer or Juftice of the Peace as aforesaid, or in applying for and obtaining the fame, had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Difcipline: Provided also, that no such Furlough shall be extended by any Juftice of the Peace for any longer Period than One Month, unless with the Approbation of the General Officer commanding in the DiftriCt where such Marine shall be.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in aD cases in which any Extenfion of Furlough shall be granted as aforesaid in England, and upon the Requeft of any such Non Commiffioned Officer or Marine to whom the fame shall be granted, it shall he lawful for the Juftice of the Peace granting the lame, or where the lame shall be granted by any such Officer as aforesaid, for any Juftice of the Peace upon the Production of a Certificate in Writing from such Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order in Writing in the Form in the Schedule to this ACt annexed, marked (D.)» under his Hand, upon the Churchwardens and Over-feers of the Poor of the Pariffi, Town ship or Place wherein such Non Commiffioned Officer or Marine shall reside, requiring them to pay to such Non Commiffioned Officer or Marine any Sum of Money directed in such Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non Commiffioned Officer or Marine shall amount to for the Period to which such Furlough shall be extended as aforesaid; such Julboe of the Peace taking particular Care to (late upon the Furlough in Words, the Amount so directed by him to be paid, and the Periods from and to which the fame has been ordered to be issued, both inclq-five, corroborating the Statement of his Signature, and further fpe-cifying upon the Order to the Pariffi Officer the Date of the Furlough originally granted, and the Name of the Commanding Officer by whom signed, and the fame so authorized shall be paid accordingly upon Production and Delivery to him of such Order by any such Pariffi Officer out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor; and the lame so advanced by such Pariffi Officer shall, upon the Production and Delivery of fuen Order to the Collector of Excife of the DiftriCt within which such Pariffi, Townffiip or Place shall be situated, or any Perfon officiating for such Collector, be repaid to such Pariffi Officer to be applied to the Relief of the Poor by such Collector of Excife or other Perfon out of any Public Monies in his Hands, and the fame shall be allowed in his Accounts; and such Orders of Justices shall be taken as Caffi in the Payment of Duties of Excife received by him, and all Sums of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excife shall be repaid to the Account of the said Duties by the Paymafter of the Royal Marines, to any Perfon or Perfons authorized by the Commissioners of Excife in England, or any Three or more of them, to draw for and receive the fame : Provided always, that if any Juftice of the Peace ffiall not think fit to make such Order for paying any such Money as aforesaid, he ffiall state his Reafons for such Refufal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough.

LXI. Pro-





ID. 1813.

540 GEO. III.

C.31.

ICJ

His Mjjefljr

may make further Orders re« fpe^tinp. luck Pay men is.

Concealing I*, firmity ho# dealt with.

LXI. Provided always, and he it farther enacted, That it shall be

bwful for HU Majesty to make any such further or other Regulation* fcr the advancing of any such Sums of Money in all such cases of Eitenfion of Furlough, and for the Re-imburfement thereof, as may be from time to time necessary for the carrying the fame into Efed, and insuring the invnediate Advance of such Money, where oeceflary, in Grmt Britain or Ireland, and the due and regular Re-tmburfement thereof.

KZiont 62. to 75. are the fame at J $6. to 60.	53 C7. 3. c. 2C.1

XVI.	And be it further enaded* That if any Perfon who (nail cnlift into His Majefty’s Marine Foroes, and who shall be discovered to be incapable of active Service, by reason of any Infirmity, which tail have been concealed by such Perfon, or not declared before the Juihce of the Peace at the time of his Attestation, and mentioned at the Foot thereof, may be transferred into any Garrifon, or Veteran or Invalid Battalion, or into His Majefty’s Regular Foroes, and flail be entitled to receive such Proportion or Refidue of Bounty ody as shall be allowed by HU Majesty, by any Regulation made in that behalf, in lieu and instead of the Bounty upon which such Man shall have been enlisted; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament or any Rules and Regulations relating to Soldiers or Marines to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVII.. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Concealing la-(hafi be btrful for any Two Justices of the Peace, or Magistrates, fimihy. before whom any Perfon shall be brought who has enlisted, and who AaJ1 be proved upon Oath before mem and convicted of having wHfaHj concealed any Infirmity, upon being attested, or of having knowingly, wilfully and designedly made any such false Reprefenta-bra as aforesaid, to adjudge Tuch Perfon to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and fuch* Perfon shall thereupon be subject to such Puniih- Puniihment. amt as by and under any Statutes or Laws now in force may be inJbded upon Rogues, Vagabonds and Vagrants and incorrigible Rogues, to he adjudged by me Justices of the Peace or Magistrate# so confiding any such Perfon as aforesaid.

[.Sediout 78. and 7 j. are the fame at § 70. and 71 •	S3 C. 3. r. 25.]

LXXX. And he it further enacted, That no Mafter in Scotland Apprentices in ball be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the nailing Scotland, of this Ad, enlist as a Marine, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of at lead Four Years by * regular Con trad or Indenture of Apprenticeihip, duly extended, signed and tested, and binding on both Parties by tne Law of Scotland* prior to the Period ofEnliftment, and unlels such Contrad or Indenture, so duly executed, shall within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeihip, and before the Period of Ej&ftment, have been produced to a Juftice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such Juftice, a Certificate or Declaration signed by him,

Verifying the Date when, and the Perfon by whom such Contrad or Indenture (haft have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration Inch Juftice of the Peace is hereby required to indorse and sign, and unkh such Apprentice shall,'when claimed by such Mafter, be wader Twenty one Years of Age, and unless such Mailer ihall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have abficonded or w. to Service, go before feme Juftice of the Peace, and before H 4	fuch



ic>4

Provifo for Apprentices in Sea Service.

P»rfon< hired by Year enlisting entitled to Proportion cf Wages.

Continuance of Act.

Ad bow far

ai:erid, &c.

C.3i:

54® GEO. III.

AD. 1813.

such Juftice of the Peace take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule 1 to this Aft annexed, marked (B*), and produce the Certificate of such Juftice of the Peace of his having taken such Oath, which Cer. tificate such Juftice of the Peace is hereby required to give in the > Form in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (C.): Provided always, that any Mafter of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover any such Apprentice in the Form and Manner above dirested, notwithstanding such : Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Seven Years in England', Five Years in Ireland, or Four Years in Scotland.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Perfon who shall have been hired to serve any Mafter for a Year, or otherwise, shall before the Expiration of his time of Service under such Hiring enlist into His Majefty’s Royal Marine Foroes, such Perfon shall be entitled to such Proportion of Wages as the Magi ft rate shall think proper from his Mafter for the time he has aftuatly served under such Hiring; notwithstanding he shall have failed in confe-

Sluence of such enlisting in completing the full Term of Service agreed or under such Hiring* and the Magiftrate shall give an Order and take such other Steps as shall be necessary to enforce the Payment of such Proportion within Five Days after the Amount shall have beei* declared by such Magiftrate.

[ Sections 82 .to 84. are the fame aj { 72. to 74. of $ 3 G. 3. r. 25 *3 LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Aft and every thing herein contained shall be and continue in force, within Great Britain, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifteen ; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen ; and shall be and continue in force within the Gavrifon of Gibraltar, and in Spain or Portugal\ from the Twenty fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifteen ; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and in the Wejl Indies and North America^ and Cape of Good Hopey from the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen ; and mall be and continue in force in all other Places from the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifteen ; and that this Aft, so far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Royal Marines, and providing for their Horfes, may be altered and varied by any or Afts to be made in this present Seflion of parliament.

SCHEDULE (D.)

TO the [Churchwarden or Overfeer] of the [Parifh, Townfhip o?

Place.]

YOU are hereby required to pay to A. B\ [deferibe whether Nor\ * Commiffioned Officer> &c.j within named; ~	*

Day of

w 00 Furlough from th9 to the	Day	pf

figoed



A-D.1813-	J4°	GEO.	m.	C.31,32.	105

Ignedby [	Commanding Officer Jigntng the the Sum	of

out of any Money now in your Hands, or out of the foil Mo**? which shall come to your Hands, in respect of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, being at the Rate of	per

Day, from the	Day	of	to	the

Day of	both	incluflve; and for so doing this shall be

roar Warrant, and pass as such, for your Repayment under the kirine Mutiny A6k. Witnefs my Hand the	Day	of

C. Z>- Juftice of the Peace for [This Schedule is an additional one9 and is referred to from § 60. of tbit da. —This A3 is in all other reffeftsJtmilar to 53 G. 3. c. 25, txctft as to the Dates,']

C A P. XXXII.

An Ad to amend the several Ads for preventing the illicit Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland. [17th December 1813.]

* ITT HERE AS by an Ad made in the Forty seventh Year 47°-3«

* W of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled jin AS c*l7*

4 t9 amend an A3 made in the FortyJixth Tear of His present Majejly’s

4 Reign for the regulating qnd securing the Collection of the Duties on 1 Sprits drilled in Ireland, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That $

*	it shall 2nd may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace in Ireland,

*	npoa Iformation upon Oath to him given, that any unlicensed 1 StdU or any Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any 4 Worm, or any Utenfil for distilling Spirits has been found or ufed

*	m any Place within the Jurifdi&ion of the said Juftice, or that any

*	fuch Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings as in the said Aa 1 is mentioned and deferibed has or have been found in any Place 4 within the Jurifdidion of such Juftice, to examine into the Truth 1 of the said Information; and if he shall find Reafon to believe that 4 such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such 1 Worm or other Utenfil had been so found or used as the case may 4 be, or that such Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings has or 4 have been so found, he shall sign a Notice of such Information 4 durded to, and the said Notice shall be served upon any Two In-4 habitants, being Houfeholders of the Parifh (or if such Still, or 4 Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other 4 Utenfil shall be found or used, as the case may be, or if such Wafh,

4 Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall be found in any Extra-4 parochial Place, then such Notice shall be directed to and served 4 on Two such Inhabitants of the Townland, Manor or Lordfhip), in 4 which it shall appear by such Information that the Place is situate 4 where any such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a 4 Still, or such Worm or other Utenfil shall have been so found 4 or used, or any such Wafh, Pot Ale, L°W Wines or Singlings 4 shall have been lo found : And whereas there are many Townlands 4 hi Ireland which contain but few Inhabitants being Houfeholders

*	therein, and it is expedient to provide for the more effectual Service 4 of the Notices required by the said Ad Be it therefore enacted bj The King's Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Client of the Lords Spiritual sma Temporal, and Commons, in this

5 Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the . fame. Manner of it shall and may be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons who shall fervms Notice*



io6	C.3*.	54°GEO.UL	A.D.1813.

required by r*. be employed to serve any such Notice, to forve the fame by leaving ck«d Aft. such Notice at the Dwelling Houle of each such Inhabitant in such Parilh, Townland, Manor or Lordlhip, with any Perfon or Perfons resident therein, above the Age of Sixteen Years; and if no Perfon shall appear at such House, on whom such Notice can be served, then the Perfon or Perfons who shall be employed to serve the fame shall and he or they is and are hereby required to poll such Notice on the Door of such House, and shall leave the fame there polied; and every such Notice so served or polled shall be deemed and taken to be a good and fufiicient Notice for proceeding under the said recited Ads and this Adi, or any other Ad for the preventing the illicit Diflillation of Spirits in Ireland*

53 G. 3. c. 148.	* II. And whereas in and by the said recited Ad of the Fifty

§ x*	* third Year aforefaid(a) it is, amongil other things, enacted, That

*	all and eveiy the Claufes and Provifions in the said recited Ad of

*	the Forty seventh Year and in the several other Ads in the said < Ad of the Fifty third Year mentioned, relating to the imposing or

*	levying of certain Fines in respect of unlicensed Stills, or Parts of f Stills, or Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, being used or

*	found in any Townland in Ireland* should be revived and be in full

*	Force, except so far as the fame relate to the fining of any Parilh,

*	Manor or Lordlhip, or any other Diflrid than a Townland : And ‘ whereas it is expedient that all the Claufes and Provifions in the 1 said recited Ads should be extended to Pari(hes, Manors and Lord-1 ships, as well as to Townlands in Ireland ;* Be it therefore enacted. That all and every the Claufes and Provisions, relating to the filing for, imposing or levying all or any such Fine or Fines on any Parilh, Townland, Manor or Lordlhip, which are contained in an Ad mad*

47	G. 3. Seff. a. hi the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An AS to

C**7’	amend	An AS made in the Forty finth Tear of His present Majefly

the regulating and feeurtng the ColleSion of the Duties on Spirit*

48	G. 3; c.81. * (Milled in Ireland ; and in an Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of

Mis present Majefty*s Reign, intituled An AS to amend the federal Ads for the regulating andJecuring the ColleSion ofthe Duty on Spirits

49	G.3. c.99. diftiiled in Ireland; and in an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of

refpefting levy- Hig present Majefly’s Reign, intituled An AS to amend the fevered inttcenfed **	for r*g*"*ti*£ a*d securing the ColleSion of the Duties otu

£ till* revived.	Spirits distilled in Ireland ; and for the regulating the Sale of fuch

Liquors by Retail> shall be and the fame are hereby revived and shall be in full Force to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever; and that all Proceedings whatever had or to be had relating to or in any man net* concerning the suing for, imposing, levying or applying any such Fine or Fines on any Parilh, Townland, Manor or Lordlhip, shall be had and taken under and fabje& to the Rules, Regulations and Diredions contained in the said several recited Ads of the FortJr seventh, Forty eighth. Forty ninth and Fifty third Years aforesaid, and this Ad.	(a)	[53	G* 3. c* 148. is not before recited.1

Affixes msy fiat HI* And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful Pariihes for un- for the Court or Judge at any Affizes for any County, County of Is licenced Stills. City or County of a Town in Ireland* or at any Prefenting Term in the County, or County of the City of Dublin, to fine any Parilh, Townland, Manor or Lordlhip, for or id respect of any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or any Appendage of a Still, or any Worm, or aay Utcnfil for diddling* Spirits, or any Walh, Pot Ale, Low

- Wins*

v^ooQle

I07

A«D*i>i3*	540	GEO.	UL	0.32,33.

Wm or Spirits + which at any time after the paffioff of the said re-	f Sic,

cited Aft of the Fifty third Year aforesaid shall nave been or shall be M or found within any Parifh, Townland, Manor or Lordfhip in Inland, in such Sum or Sums of Money or Penalty as is and are in ad by the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, directed to he inflicted for or in respect of the fame refpeftivaly, on any Townland in Ireland ; and all and every such Fine and Fines on any Panih, Townland, Manor or Lordflup shall be sued for, imposed, levied and applied in the manner and under and subject to the Rules and Regulations by this Aft revived, or intended to be revived, rebuag to such Fines as are contained in the said recited Aft f,	t Su.

pr any of them ; any thing in any Aft or Afts to the contrary

notwkhfbmding.	r,

tY. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited °* 3-c- M8-A a of the Fifty third Year aforesaid as enacts that all Informations *	*****	e

for any 0Hence on account whereof any Townland shall be liable to the Payment of any Fine, and all IHiies and Traverfes concerning such Informations, and for the Recovery of such Penalt ies or for the . proving or controverting of any Matter or Thing relating to such In* formation \ or Penalties, shall be proceeded upon by the Court at such f 5/,,

Afire* or Prefenting Term, before any Iffue in any Civil Cafe (a) or aay private Aftion shall be proceeded upon, tried or determined a*, any such Affixes or Prefenting Term respectively, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.	(a) [gn. Caufe

V.	And be it further enacted, That the several Claufes and Provi- Provifions re-ions in the £nd feverfil recited Afts hereby revived, or intended so to vived t°com* be, aad this Aft, and all and every the Claufes and Provifions herein “jj?* ^fom contained, shall be deemed and taken to have commeneed, and the 53 0.3, c 148. fast shall be in force to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, from thp time of the passing of the bid recited Aft of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, and as if the fame had been incorporated therein.

VI.	Provided always, and be it fmfld, That all Informations Informations fat far any Offence on account whereof any Townland, Parifh, Manor p.^en^s or Lordfhip shall be liable to the Payment of any Fine or Penalty 1 u safer this Aft, or any of the Afts hereinbefore recited or revived by the find recited Aft of the Fifty third Year, or this Aft, which ffafl be delivered to the Clerk of The Crown, and laid before the Coart at any Affixes in manner directed by the said recited Aft of the Fiftr third Year aforesaid, and all Iffues and Traverfes concem-mg Inch Informations, and for the recovering of any such Fine or Penalty, or for the proving or controverting any Matter or Thing editing to any such Information, Fine or Penalty, shall be proceeded upon, and shall be folly tried and determined by the Court at some Hue during the Continuance of such Aisizes, and before the Judges fcall depart from the County in which such Affixes shall be holder*

YIL And be it further enacted. That this Aft may be altered* Aft altered, *c. amended or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be pa&d in this present SdSon of Paniament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Aft to continue, ijntil the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, an Aft, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of Hil present Majesty, for the better Execution of the Law

and





C. 33, 34.	54®	GEO.	in.	A.D.1813.

*7 O. 3. (!.) c. 40.

36 G.3. (I.) *.* S- 5 7°.

[44 G. 3- c. 90. 3* G. 3. c.91.]

Irifh A£U continued.

AQ altered, Stc.

and Prefervation of the Peace within Counties at large, as amended by an Aft of the Thirty sixth of His Majesty.

[ 17 th December 1813.]

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign,

4 intituled An A3 for the better Execution of the Law and Prefer-* vat ion of the Peace within Counties at large, which said recited Aft c was continued and amended by an Aft made in the Parliament of * Ireland in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign,

4 intituled An A3 for the better and more convenient Admini/lration < of Jujlice, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a summary Way,

1 at the Srjfions of the Peace of the several Counties at large within 4 this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin ; and for continuing and 4 amending an Aft, intituled An Aft for the better Execution of the 4 Law and Prefervation of the Peace within Counties at large;

4 and which said recited Aft of the Twenty seventh Year, as amended * by the said Aft of the Thirty sixth Year, was further continued 4 by Two Afts, made in the Forty fourth and Fifty second Years 4 of FI is present Majefty’s Reign, and is now near expiring j and * it is expedient that the fame should be continued Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said recited Aft made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as the fame is amended by the said recited Aft made in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and shall be in force, from and after the pafiing of this Aft* until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

II. And be it further enacted. That this and the said Aft of the Twenty seventh Year hereby continued, may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this present Selfion of Parliament.	c. 131. poflf\

CAP. XXXIV.

.An Aft for the further Regulation of the Trade to and from . the Places within the Limits of the Charter of The Eafl India Company.	[17th December 1813.3

S3 G.3. c. 155. 4 TT7HEREAS an Aft was passed in the last Seflion of Par-* W liament, intituled An Aft for continuing in The East India * 4 Company, for a further Term, the Poffejfion of the British Territories 1 in India, together with certain exclujive Privileges : for ejlabltjh 'tng 4 further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and 4 the better Adminijlration of Ju/iice within the fame ; and for regu-4 lating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said $	4 Company9s Charter ; And whereas by the said recited Aft it was

4 enacted, that it should be lawful for any of His Majefty’s Suhjefts*

4 in Common with the said United Company, to export, in Ships 4 navigated according tp Law, from any Port or Ports within the 4 United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to all Ports and 4 Places within the Limits referred to, save and except the Domi-4 nions of the Emperor of Ch\nax any Goods, .Wares and Merohan-

4 4*ze*



AJ>. i8t3*	540	GEO.	III.	C.	34.	109

4 dize, which would then of might at any time or times thereafter 4 be legally exported, and also in Common with the said Company 4 to import in Ships navigated as afore said from any Port or Ports 1 within the Limits aforesaid, save and except as aforesaid, into the 4 said United Kingdom, any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the 4 Produce or Manufacture of any of the Countries within the said 4 Limits, which could or might at any time or times thereafter be 4 legally imported ; subject nevertheless to the several Reltridtions,

*	Conditions and Limitations in the said ACt contained: And | jq,

4 whereas it was also enacted by the said Adt, that nothing therein

4 contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the

*	making, during the further Term thereby granted to the said Com-4 pany, such furtlier Provisions, by Authority of Parliament, as

*	might from time to time be deemed necefTary for enabling His 4 Majefly’s Subje&s to carry on Trade and Traffic, diredfly or cir-4 cuitoufly, as well between all Ports and Places situate without the 4 Limits of the said Company’s Charter, and all Ports and Places 4 (except the Dominions of the Emperor of China) situate within 4 those Limits, as between the said United Kingdom and all the lad 4 mentioned Ports and Places, except as aforesaid ; but without Pre-4 judice to any of the Reftridlions or Provifions therein contained,

4 as to the Refort to and Refidence of any Perfons in the East 4 India, and Parts aforesaid : And whereas it is expedient to make 4 Prorifion for the enabling the said Company, and all other His

*	Mayefty’s Subjedls, to carry on such circuitous Trade, also to g carry on Trade between all Ports and Places within the Limits of 4 the Charter of the said Company, under certain Reftri&ions and 4 Regulations Be it therefore ena&cd by The King’s Moft Excellent Ma jelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after Ea<* ln<^a 90rn*

the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, PTn?\fr,*Jw.

it shall be lawful for tne said Company, and also for any other of His jtai^myay carry

Majetty’s Subjects to trade (in Ships navigated according to Law, on Trade7 with

and proceeding upon any Voyage from the United Kingdom to any intermediate

Ports or Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Com- circuitous

pany) to, and at any intermediate Ports, Places or Countries between 1 orw#

the said United Kingdom and the Limits of the Charter of the faid

Company, situate in North and South America (other than and except

any of His Majefty’s Colonies and Plantations in America), and to

and at the IJland of Madeira, The Canaries, and Cape de Verde

IJlands, the IJland of Saint Helena* and the Cape of Good Hope ; and

for that Purpofe to difcliarge the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of

any such Ship or VefTel at any such intermediate Ports, Places or '

Countries as aforesaid ; and in the Profecution of any such circuitous Voyage to take on board any other Goods, Wares and Merchandize which can be legally carried from any of such intermediate Countries, Ports or Places, to any Ports or Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company ; and in like manner to trade, in any such Ship or VefTel, in any Voyage from any Ports or Places within the Limits of the said Company’s Charter as aforesaid, to the United Kingdom, to and at any intermediate Ports, Places or Countries between such Limits and the said United Kingdom, situate in North or South America (other than and except the Colonies or

Planta-





UO

C34.

54° GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

Importation of Tea. .

Prcrvifo for 53 G.3. c. 155-as to Size of Ships, Licences, Certificates, Lifts aqd Re* (trillions as to Refort, fcc.of Perfons to the East Indie*.

Cape of Good Hope, as to India Trade, deemed within Company's Limits; but not for other Purpofct.

Ad altered ,&c

Plantations of His Majesty in America)* and at the Cape of Good Hope* or the Ifland of Saini Helena .• And it shall also be lawful for His Majefty's Subjefts to carry on Trade and Traffic in Ships navigated according to Law, directly and circuitously, between all Ports and Places within the Limits of the said Company’s Charter, except the Dominions of the Emperor of China; any thing contained in any Charter of the said Company, or in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize any of His Majefty’s Subjests, other than the said Company, or Perfons properly licensed by tnem, to export or import from or to any such Countries, Ports and Places, within or without stich Limits, or to import into the United Kingdom any Tea, or iO any manner to trade or traffic in Tea between any such Porta or Places as aforesaid.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or alter, or in any manner to affect the Reftriftions, Regulations and Provifions in the said recited Aft contained, as to the Size of Veffels allowed to clear out from or enter in at any Port of the United Kingdom ; or as to any Licences, Certificates or Lifts required by thi said Aft, in the cases therein specified; or any of the Reftriftions or Provifions in the said Aft, or in any other Aft contained, as to the Refort to and Refidence of any Perfons in the East Indies : Provided also, that all Trade with all Ports and Places upon the Continent of Afia* from the River Indus to the Town of Malacca itaelusive, ot any I (land under the Government of the said Company, lying to the North of the Equator, or the said Company’s Faftory at Bencoolcn and its Dependencies, shall remain and continue, subject to all such Regulations, Provifions and Reftriftions, as shall from time to time be in force in relation to Trade at any such Ports and Places, under the Authority of any of the Governments of the said Company at their several Prcfidencies in India.

III.	Provided also, and be it further enacted. That His Majefty’s Settlement at the Cape of Good Hope shall, as to aR Trade allowed

this Aft to be carried on between Ports and Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, be deemed, construed and taken to be within such Limits; Provided also, that nothing herein contained, as to the said Settlement being deemed, as to fuck Trade as aforesaid, to be within such Limits, shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent or in any manner to limit or affect any other Trade which now may or which may hereafter be allowed to be carried on between the said Settlement and any other Countries, Ports or Places whatever.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be palled in this Seffion of Parliament



y 

c A r.

A.D.i8i3-

54* GEO. HI.

C-35-

HI

CAP. XXXV.

An AGt to extend the Period for aQowing Importations from and Exportations to the Places within the Limits of ‘ the Charter of the Eafi India Company, in Ships not of Britijk-built, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.	[ 17th December 1813.]

WHEREAS an Ad was passed in the last Seffion of Parlia- 53 G.3. c.155.

ment, intituled An AS for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Time, the Poffejfion of the British Territories in India, together with certain exclujtve Privileges ; for cfiablifbing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the letter Adminifiration of Jifiice within the fame ; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter : And whereas the Provi(ions of an Ad passed ia the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for allowing the Importation of Goods from Places within the Limtt of the Charter of the laid Company in Ships not of Briti/h-built nor rendered as such, and of another Ad passed in the Forty fecood Year of the Reign of His present Majesty in relation to such Ships, were continued by the said recited Ad of the last Seffion of ' 13°» Parliament until the First Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, unless any Provinon was made relating thereto in the present Seffion of Parliament; and His Majesty was by the f 30.

Cud recited Ad authorized by any Order or Orders in Council to authorize any of his Subjeds to import from the Eafi Indies and other Places within the Limits of the Charter of the (aid Company into the United Kingdom, and to export from the United Kingdom into the Eafi Indies or Places within such Limits in such Ships under such Regulations as His Majesty ihould think fit: And whereas it is expedient that such Provifions should be extended and continued until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen;’ Be it therefore enacted by The Kina’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Tnat all Provisions, Regulations » Regulations, Conditions and Reftxi&ions, contained in the said Ads ^ Importation or in any Order or Orders of Council now in force, or which may ™ ShiuTnot*^ be issued by His Majesty under the said recited Ad of the lan Bmifh-built Seffion of Parliament in relation to the allowing of the Importation continued, into the United Kingdom from the East Inches, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, or the Exportation from the United Kingdom to the East Indies or any Ports or Places within such Limits, of any Goods, Wares and Merchandize by the (aid Company or by any of His Majefty’s Subjeds in any such Ships or Veffels as are in the said Ads or Orders in Council dp-scribed, shall be and the fame are hereby extended and continued in full force and effect, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and shall extend and be applied to all such Ships and Veflels which shall fail from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

II. And

LjOOQ. Le

m	C. 35,36.	540	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

Aft amended, II. And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be amended, fce’	altered	or	repealed	by	any	Aft	or	Ads	which	may	be	palled in the

present Seflion of Parliament.	[Srr c. 134. § t. pojl.]

CAP. XXXVI.

53 G. 3. r. 155.

Exifling Duties of Cuftomi tepealsd.

Exception.

An Aft to repeal the Duties of Cuftoms (*) payable on Goods* Wares and Merchandise imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to The United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and tc establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported; and to alter the Periods of making up and presenting certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament; to continue in force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.	[17th December 1813.]

WHEREAS an Aft parted in the last Seflion of Parliament, intituled An AS for continuing in The East India Com-* pany>fora further Term, the Pojfejfton of the Britiflt Territories in 4 India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for cjlablijhing 4 further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and 4 the better Adminijlration of Jujlice within the fame ; and for regu-4 lating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said 4 Company's Charter : And whereas it is necessary, in order to carry 4 the laid Aft into Effeft according to the true Intent and Meaning 4 thereof, that further Provifions and Regulations should be efta-4 bliftied, and that the Duties on Goods so imported into Great 4 Britain, whether by the said United Company, or by other Perfons 4 under the Authority of the said Aft, should be ascertained and 4 equalizedBe it therefore enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Tenth Day of April One tnoufand eight hundred and fourteen, all the several Duties of Cuftoms (b) payable to His Majessy, his Heirs and Succeflors, by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, upon the Importation into Great Britain of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and also the several Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation from Great Britain of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, having-been imported from any Port or Place within the said Limits, fhafl cease and determine ; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the laid Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, remain unpaid or allowed, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

(a) [See as to Power to Officers of Excife tofecurc Hatchet of Ships, § J5*	(b)	[49	G.3.	c.98. Table B.J

II. And

CjOOglC

AD. 1813.

54* GEO. ffl.

C.36.

fI3

‘ IT. And whereas it is necessary that other Duties of Cuftoms ‘ should be granted to Your Majesty, in lieu and instead of the 1 Duties repealed by this A&,’ We, Your Majefty’s mod dutiful »d loyal Subje&s, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, have therefore given and granted to Your Majesty the several Duties of Cuftoms hereinafter mentioned, and do humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be facted; and be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Tenth <hy of Atril One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in lieu and raw ackl* in4ead ot the Duties of Cuftoms hereby made to ccafe and determine, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majefbr, his Heirs and Succeffors, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported or brought into Great Britainf from any Port or Pkce within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the several Duties of Cuftoms as the fame are relpe&ively inserted, described and (Set forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) ; and that there shall also be paid or allowed the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Cuftoms, as the fame are also refpe&rvely inserted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the said Table hereunto annexed, marked ( B.); any Law, Cuftom or Uiage to the contrary notwithstanding.

‘ 111. And whereas it is necessary, for the Security of the

*	Public Revenue, that additional Regulations should be eftablifhed

*	with rripe& to Manifefts, directed to be brought by Matters of

*	Ships or VefTels arriving in Great Britain, from any Port or Place

*	within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company

*	of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from His

*	Majefty’* Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, the Territories

*	and Dependencies thereof, or from the Ifland of Saint Helena ;*

Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, the Mafter or other Period having or taking the Command of every Ship or Veffel, behaging in the Whole or in Part to His Majefty’s Subjects, amring in Great Britain from any of the Places before mentioned, fiall hive on board a Manifeft or Manifefts, as deferibed and directed

by 21 A& passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s *6 0.3. c.40. Reign, intituled An AB for the ProduBion of Manifejls, and for the mm ejfeBmally preventing fraudulent PraBices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine relanding of Goods ; and shall prodice and deliver such Manifelt or Manifefts, in the manner pre- Manifefts to be fenbed and directed by the said recited A<5t; and that all the Rules, on hoard Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, required and Produced* tirr&ed by the (aid recited A6t, shall remain in force, and be applied to the Purpofeo of this present A&; as far. as they relate or may be applicable thereto; except where any of the fadd Rules, Regulations,

Pravifioot, Penalties and Forfeitures, are repealed, or in any wife altered by this A 6L IV. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from »y the Ports or Places before mentioned, in any Ship or Veffel Britain, shatmr, belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majefty’s uniefs the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of e»ery such Ship or Veffel refpediveiy, Ihill Jf Geo. III.	I	bare

Defcription of Manifeft delivered in Great





H4

C. 36.

54“ Geo. in.

A.D.1IJ13.

16 O.3. c.40. 5i.

Alterations of Stowage of Good* noted in Log Book and in Supplementary Manifeft.

Manifeft of Goods laden, how delivered and authenticated.

have on board a Manifeft or Manifefts in Writing, signed by such Mailer, and containing the Particulars deferibed and fee forth in the said recited A<ft, palled in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign j and which Manifeft or Manifefts shall also contain the Name or Names (if the fame shall be known) of the Perfon or Perfons to whom any such Goods shall be consigned, the time when and the Place where any such Goods shall have been taken on board ; and diftinguilhing in every Manifeft the Goods which are stowed in the Hold, from those which are stowed in other Parts of the Ship.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all Altera-tions which shall, after the completing of any such Manifest, be made in the Stowage of any Ship or Veffel, by the Removal of any Goods from the Hold to any other Part of the Veffel, or from any other Part of the Veffel to the Hold, or from any one Deck of the Veffel to any other Deck, shall be registered, on the Day of such Removal, in the Log Book or Journal kept by the Mailer of the Veffel, and also in a Supplementary Manifeft which shall be kept for the Purpofe of registering any such Alterations in the Stowage of Goods by any such Removals as aforesaid; and every such Supplementary Manifeft shall be attached to and kept with the ‘Original Manifeft to which it refers.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That before any such Ship or Veffel shall clear or depart from the Port or Place wherein the Lading or any Part thereof shall have been taken on board, the Mailer or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Veffel, shall prepare and deliver a Manifeft in Writing, as hereinbefore required, to the Officer who shall or may be appointed by the Governor, or by the Perfon or Perfons exerdfing •the Powers and Authorities of Government of any such Settlement or Place; and such Mafter or other Perfon aforesaid shall verify upon Oath the Truth of the Contents of the said Manifeft before the said Perfons so appointed (which Oath the said Officer is hereby authorized and required to adminifter), and also to cause a Duplicate thereof to be forthwith made, and to indorse upon the Original Manifeft his Name, with the Day and Year on which the fame was produced to him; which said Original Manifeft shall then be returned to the said Mafter or other Perfon aforesaid, on or before the Clearing or Departure of any such Ship or Veflelj and such Officer, so appointed as aforesaid, shall, by the first Opportunity other than by the fame Ship or Veffel, transmit the said Duplicate of such Manifeft so made as before directed under his Hand and Seal, to the Commiffioner8 of the Cuftoms in England or Scotland, as the cafe

Lifts of Mtrks •and Numbers of Packages delivered on Ship-Mg of Goods,

may require.

VII. Provided

always, and be it further ’enacted, That every Perfon who shall ship any Goods, Wares or Merchandize on board any such Ship or Veflel, shall at the time of such Shipment deliver to the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Veffel, a'true and exact Lift in Writing, signed with the Name of the Perfon so (hipping any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, defcrihiqg therein the particular Maakfrand Numbers of the several Packages; and such Mafter or Other Perfon as aforesaid shall infart in the Manifeft of such Ship or Veffel the Particulars «ppntajn$d in such Lift, >aad Ihall pnnex such original Lift to the

XI	^Duplicate





A-D.I&I3*	54°	GEO.Ill-	C.36.	ii$

Duplicate of the Manifeft hereinbefore described and required to be transmitted to the -Commiffionera of the Cuftoms.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Mafter or Mmifeftof other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship Goods I;,den at or Veffel, shall, after having departed from the Port or Place where j*her the Whole or any Part of the Cargo shall have been first taken on anJautheatt board, proceed in such Ship or Veffel to any other Port or Place cated. hereinbefore described, and there discharge any Part of the Cargo so taken on board, then and in such case, the Officer so appointed as aforesaid, ffiall endorfe upon the Manifeft containing the Part of the Cargo so discharged, an accurate Particular, by Numbers, Marks and Descriptions, of the Part of the Cargo 10 discharged, and verify the fame, and make out and transmit a Duplicate of such Endorfement as required in cases of Manifest; and in case any such Mafter or other Perfon aforesaid shall, at such or any other Port or Place, take on board any other Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the laid Mafter shall, before his Clearance or Departure from any such Port or Place, prepare and deliver to the Officer who may be appointed as aforesaid to receive the fame, an additional Manifest, Addkionil coutamiog such and the like Particulars of the Goods, Wares and Manifeft. Merchandize, there taken on board, in every respect as is hereinbefore ffire&ed and preferibed; and such additional Manifeft ffiall be authenticated, and the Duplicate thereof transmitted in such and the •like manner, in every respect, as hereinbefore is directed and required.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Veffel in the Manifeft of Courfe of the Homeward Voyage ffiall touch either at His Majefty*s Goods shipped Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope or at the Ifland of Saint « Cape of Helena, the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge **ope, ** or Command thereof ffiall produce and deliver to the Officers who Helej|a ^ «ty be appointed as aforesaid, all and every the Original Manifeft or delivered and Manifefts so authenticated as aforesaid, and ffiall again verify on Oath, authenticated* before the said Officer, the Truth of the Manifeft or Manifefts;

and the Officer who may be appointed to authenticate such Manifeft or Manifefts, at the said Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope or the said Kkrfd of Saint Helena, shall, upon the Clearing of eveiy such Ship or Veffel, immediately transmit a Duplicate of such Manifeft or Manifeih to the Commissioners of the Cuftoms in England or Scotland, as the case may require; Provided always, that in every case wherein Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall have been taken on board either at the said Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope or at the Illand of Saint Helena, a separate Manifeft for such Goods, Wares and Separata Merchandize shall be produced and delivered to and authenticated Manifeft. by the said Officer, and Duplicates by him transmitted in such and the like manner in every respect as is hereinbefore directed and required with respect to Manifefts.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That m case Original Mmi. the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Com- fest delivered at rand of any Ship or Veffel so tracting, ffiall not intend in the

Courfe of the Homeward Voyage, to touch either at His Majesty,s first touch. Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or at the Ifland of Saint y Helenas or in case any such Mafter or other Perfon as aforesaid of any such Ship or Veffel which ffiall touch either at the said Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope or at the Ifland of Saint Hekuot shall afterwards on the Voyage to Gnat MrUain touch

I 2	at

Ii 6

C .36.

540 GEO. IH.

A.D. 1813.

of Officers.

Goods brought

into G. B. with-

at any Port or Place ; then and in every such case, the Mailer or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Veffel shall, at the Port or Place from whence he shall clear or take his Departure for Great Britain, deliver each and every such Original Manifell or Manifefts, duly authenticated, as required by this A6t, to the Officer who may be appointed as aforesaid to receive the fame; and every fucli Mailer or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Veffel, and the Officer so appointed as aforesaid at any such Port or Place to receive and authenticate the Manifeft or Manifefts so to be delivered by the Mailer or other Perfon as aforesaid, shall proceed in every respect as in this A61 is dire6led with regard to the Mailer or Officer so appointed in the case of Ships or Velfels which in the Homeward Voyage shall touch at or depart from His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hopc> or the Illand of Saint Helena•

Conf«ls at	XI. Provided always, and be it further ena6led, That in case the

Foreign Ports to Port or Place where any such Ship or Veffel shall clear or take her perfonn Duties Departure for Great Britain shall not be under the British Government, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the British Conful resident at any such Port or Place to do and perform every Matter, A61 or Thing dire6led by this A61 to be done or performed by the Officer so appointed as aforesaid ; and such British Conful is hereby authorized and required to receive from the Mailer or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Veffel so arriving, the Manifeft or Manifefts required by this A6t to be delivered by such Mailer or other Perfon ; and such Conful is also authorized and required to administer the Oath so directed to be taken and to authenticate such Manifell or Manifefts, to transmit Duplicates thereof, and to perform every A6t, Matter or Thing refpc6ling Manifefts required by this A6t to be done or performed by the Officer to be appointed for that Purpofe as aforesaid, {a) or any other Port or Place.	(0) [Qu. this Reading.]

XII. And be it further ena6led, That, from and after the said Tenth Day of Hpril One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, if any ^n^ofnot6" ^00c*8» Wares or Merchandize shall be imported or brought into mdude^&c^ Great Britain, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the *	*	Charter	granted	to the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East Indies, from His Majefty’s Settlement at the Cape of Good Hope> its Territories or Dependencies, or from the Illand of Saint Helena, or from such other Port or Place as aforesaid from whence the Ship or Veffel shall have cleared or departed for Great Britain, in any Ship or Veffel belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majefty’s Subje6ls, without the Manifell or Manifefts hereinbefore required, or shall not be included or deferibed therein, or shall not agree therewith, all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, not-withftanding such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been included in the Report of such Ship of Veffel; and the Mailer or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Veffel shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Package which shall be so imported or brought into Great

Britain

Penally.



II?

JLD.1813.

54* GEO. nt

C.36.

Britain without the Manifeft hereby required, or which shall not he included or inserted therein or which shall not agree therewith.

• XIII. And whereas by this Aft certain Penalties are imposed I l%* *nte-1 on Mailers of Ships or VefTels in which Goods shall be imported

*	or brought into Great Britain without the Manifeft or Manifefts

*	hereby required;* Be it therefore enacted, That the Penalties Penalti-s in imposed by the before recited Aft, parted in the Twenty sixth a6G-3 c* 40-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on the Mailer or other on\jaftcrl of Perfon having or taking the Command of any Ship or Veflel v/in^rting belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majefty** Subjests, in Goods without which any Goods shall be imported or brought into Great Britain proper Manifcft, without the Manifeft or Manifefts requirea by the said before repealed, recited Aft, or which shall not be included or deferibed therein, or

shall not agree therewith, shall, from and after the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, be repealed, so far as the fame relate to Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United East India Company, His Majefty*s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, its Territories or Dependencies, or the Ifland of Saint Helena, or from such other Port or Place from whence the Ship or Veffel shall have cleared or departed for Great Britain as aforesaid.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Aft not to alter in this Aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

repeal or in any way alter the manner according to which Manifefts autheiuicated'ui

are directed to be delivered and authenticated, m respect to Goods China.

imported into Great Britain by the United East India Company,

finoin any Port or Place within the Dominions of the Emperor of

China, by an Aft passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign *7 G.3. c.31.

of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for making further Pro- *IX*

vtfotu in regard to such Vtffels as are particularly deferibed in an

Aft made in the Twenty fourth Tear of the Reign of His prefent

Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this

Kingdom, and for extending the said Aft to other Veffels and Boats

mat particularly deferibed therein ; for taking off the Duties on Flajks

in which Wine or Oil is imported; for laying an additional Duty

on Foreign Geneva imported; for taking off the Duty on Ebony

the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom ; and for amending

several Laws relative to the Revenue of Cufioms.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Hatches locked* Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen,

the Hatches of all Ships and VefTels arriving from any of the Ports

or Places before mentioned, in any of the Ports of Great Britain

which shall have been or shall be declared fit and proper for fuch

Importation, shall be secured under the Joint Locks of the Mailer Excife.

of such Ship or Veflel, and of the Officers of His Majefly's Cuftoms

and of the Exdfe, in cases where that Revenue is concerned; and

no such Hatch or Hatches shall be opened on any Account or

Pretence whatever, but in the Prefence of such Officers respectively 5 Opened in pre-

ad if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to attend at the locking fence of Officers

up or opening any such Hatch or Hatches, after due Notice fhaU

arc been given him for that Purpose, every such Officer so offending

for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit Penalty, fed pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

13

XVI. And





II*

F. I. Company may warehoufc Goods as here* tofore.

39 0-3- c.59*

Goods imported into Port of London by Private Traders, how warehouled.

53 0.3- c.155.

Wareooufing Goods imported into any other Port than Port of London*

53 O 3. c. 155.

43 6.3. C.X30.

C. 36.	54®	GEO. Ills	A.IX1&13.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said United Company to land and lodge, in approved Warehouses, any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported by them into the Port of London, under the Securities, Rules, Regulations and Reftridions, directed and required by an Ad, palled in the* Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled jin Aa for permitting certain Goode importedfrom the East Indies to be warehoused; and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof on the Duties imposed by this Ad, as the fame are respectively deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), under the Defcription of Warehoufing Duties, being first paid or secured.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That, from and after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into the Port of London from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United East India Company, by any Perfon or Perlbns so trading under the Authority of the said re* cited Ad of the last Seffion of Parliament and of this present Ad, and also any Goods, Wares or Merchandize Co imported, which shall have been brought into the Port of London from Come other Port in Great Britain, by virtue of the Provilions contained in the said recited Ad patted in the last Selfion of Parliament, shall be lodged and secured in any Warehoufe or Warehoufes belonging to the said United Company, or in any other WarehouCe or Ware* houses approved by the Commilfioners of the Cuttoms, or any Three or more of them for the time being, subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Securities and Provisions, directed and required by the before recited Ad patted in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, or by any other Ad or Ads of Parliament re* fpeding the warehousing such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United East India Company, into any of those Ports in Great Britain (except the Port of London) which shall have been or may be declared lit and proper for the Purpofe of such Importations, under the Rules, Regulations and Provifions of the before recited Ad patted in the lask Seffion of Parliament, either by the said United Company or by any Perfon or Perfons so trading under the Authority of the before recited Ad: patted in the latt Seffion of Parliament, and of this present Ad, shall be lodged and secured in Warehoufes approved by the Com* miffioners of the Cuttoms in England or Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them, for the time being; subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Securities and Provisions, directed and required by an Ad patted in the Forty third Year of His present Mkjefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to he secured in lVareboufes without Payment of Duty} or by any other Ad or Ads of Parliament made for amending or explaining the said Ad, in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen*

XIX. Pro*



AJ). 1813.

54? GBO.IIL

C 3!	up

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Nothing com, mourned either in the (aid recited Aft, palled in the Thirty ninth tained in 390.3. Tear or in the recited Aft passed in the Forty third Year of His £ /9i°to43G#3* pndimt Majefty** Reign, shall extend, or be con (trued to extend,. ^p3t

to exempt any of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize so warehoused romiWarc-a aforesaid, from the Payment of the Duties of Cuitoms imposed houfiog Duties by this Aft on any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as the imP°fed b7 Ad. fame are respectively described and fet forth in the Table hereunto annexed marked (A.), under the Head of Warehoufing Duties; which Dudes shall and may be paid at any time previous to the Delivery of any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize from fuck Warehouse, either for the Purpofe of Exportation or Home Con-fumption.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be E* L Company lawful for the (aid United Company to secure by Bond, in the Bond uiual and accustomed manner, the (Several Duties of Cuftoms imposed utltl*

by this Aft on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported by the said Company ; and such Bonds shall be given under such Penalties aod Conditions, and for such Periods, as to the Payment of the (aid Duties, in like manner as Bonds were given for the Payment of Duties of Cuftoms by the said United Company before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

XXI.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful	^

for the Proprietor or Proprietors, Purchafer or Purchafers, of any Duties paid" ex-Goods, W*res or Merchandize, which, having been imported from ported from forae Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the Warehoufe United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East without Pay-Itdiei* and lecured in approved Warebouses, and on which Goods I?cm further the Duties impoied by this Aft, under the Description of Ware Uty' houiiag Duties, as the fame are refpeftiveiy described and fet forth

in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), shall have been paid or secured, to export the fame directly from any such Warehouse, without Payment of any further Duty of Cuftoms or Exctfe whatever; subject nevertheless to all and every the Rules,

Regulation*, Reftriftions and Securities, directed and required by any Ad or Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the (aid Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, as for as the feme are applicable.

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That in case the Proprietor Goods intended

or Proprietors, Purchafer or Purchafers of any such Goods, Wares ^	out

or Merchandize, imported as aforefeid (not being prohibited to o:i paying Duties be tifed or consumed in Great Britain)* on which, die Duties on Home Con-impofed by this Aft under the Description of Warehoufiug Duties fumption.

foall have been paid, shall intend to take the feme out of the Warehoufe wherein the feme shall have been lodged as aforesaid, in. order to be used or confirmed in Great Britain, the Perfon or Pet-font? so mtendiag to take out any such Goods, shall, before the feme feast be so delivered from any stich Warehouse,. make a due Entry of such Goods, Waves or Merchandize with the proper Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, and pay down in ready Money to the Colkftor or other proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms,. the foil Duties due and payable on such Goods# as the feme, are- re-fpetivcly described and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto •acted, marked (B.), under the Defcriptsouof Home Conftimption

14

Duties,



Exrife Duties.

New Duties paid in all cases.

No Drawback allowed on Goods not exported within One Year.

Value how ascertain d on Goods ernime-rated in Table (A.)

0.3. c. 13. I *7*

Value how ascertained on Goods enume-

C.36.	54°	GEO.	III.	A.	D. 1 Si 3.

Duties, together with such Duties of Excife and other Duties as may be due and payable on such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, at the time the fame shall be taken out of such Warehouse, in order to be used or consumed in Great Britain.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, which may hive been imported into Great Britain by the said United East India Company, before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and lodged and secured in Warehouses, shall be delivered from any such Warehouses, either for Exportation or Home Confumption, until the Duties imposed by this Ad, and inserted and fet forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked

iA.) and (B.), under the Defcription of Warehoufmg Duties, or some Confumption Duties (as the case may be), shall be fully paid 5 notwithilanding such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may hav been imported and fold before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the several Drawbacks to be paid or allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as the fame are respectively deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.), shall not be paid or allowed, unless such Goods shall be exported or shipped for the Purpofe of Exportation, within Twelve Calendar Months from the Day on which the Home Confumption Duty shall have been paid thereon.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Duties of Cu(lom8 imposed by this Ad on the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, enumerated and deferibed in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), are charged, not according to the Weight* Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be afeertaiued, whether such Goods. Wares or Merchandize, shall have been imported by the said United East India Company, or by any other Perfon or Perfons, according to the Declaration of the Value thereof, in like Manner and Form, and under the Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Conditions; and such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall be subject and liable to such and the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are preferibed, directed and imposed, for ascertaining and colleding Duties to be paid according to the Value, by an Ad pa(Ted in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for repealing the fevered Duties of Cujloms and Excife, and granting' other Duties in lie u thereof; and for applying the said Duties, together with others compiling the Public Revenue; for permitting the Im~ portal ion of certe. tn Goods, IVares and Merchandise, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives $ to the Redu&ion of the National Debt; or by any other subsequent A6t or Ads (0) relative thereto, in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, (a) [SeetfG. 3.C.68. § 18.—49G.3-f.98. j 18.—f. 122. § I'pqft.] XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Duties of Cuiloms imposed by this Ad on the Goods, Wares and. Merchandize enumerated or deferibed in the Table hereunto annexed*



ID. 1813.

S4° GEO. ra.

C. 36.

Bfxed, marked (B.), are charged, not according to the Weight, TMe, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, the Value of fiich Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which shall be imported into the Port of Land on either by the said United East India Company, or by any other Perfon or Perfons, or whicn, laving been imported into anv Port of the United Kingdom other than the Port of London, shall have been removed to the Port of London for the Purpofe of Sale for Home Confumption, under the Authority of the before recited Aft palled in the last Seflion of Parliament, shall be ascertained according to the gross Price at which such Goods shall be fold at the Public Sales of the said United Eqft India Company, without any Reduftion or Abatement whatever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Duties of Cuftoms imposed by this Aft on the Goods, Wares or Merchandize enumerated and described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.), are charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof; the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively, which shall be imported into any Port of Great Britain other than the Port of London, except such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which by the said recited Aft, passed in the last Seflion of Parliament, are required to be removed to the Port of London for the Purpofe of Sale for Home Confumption, shall be ascertained according to the Declaration of the Value thereof, in like Manner and Form, and under the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Conditions ; and such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall be subject and liable to such and the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are preferibed, directed and imposed, for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value by the before recited Aft, passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by any other subsequent Aft or Afts (3) relative thereto, in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thoiifand eight hundred and fourteen.	(3)	[«SW	Note to § 25.]

‘ XXVIII. And whereas by this Aft Duties of Cuftoms are pay-

*	able on certain Articles, according to the true and real Value

*	thereof, to be ascertained by the gross Price at which such Goods

*	/ball have been publicly fold at the Sales of the United Company

*	of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: And whereas

*	much Inconvenience and Delay hath arisen in the Payment of the ‘ Duties and Delivery of the Articles brought from the East Indies, ‘ either as Prefents or for Private Ufe, particularly Specimens of

*	Natural History, Models, Drawings, and other Articles, tending

*	to illustrate or improve the Arts or Sciences, arising from the

*	Necef&ty of such Articles being exposed to Public Sale by the

*	EaJL India Company, in order to afeertain the Value according

*	to winch the Duties payable by Law are to be levied and collested,

*	and such Articles are also thereby exposed to great Injury and 4 Damage \ And whereas it is expedient, in order to remedy such 4 Inconvenience and Delay, that the Duties of Cuftoms payable on 4 such Goods should be ascertained, without the fame being in fu-4 tore exposed to Public SaleBe it therefore enacted, That, from

% *“r**ter the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred fourteen, it shall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons

who

121

rated in Table (B.) imported orhrought into Port of London.

j3G.3-c.155.

Value how ascertained on Goods enumerated in Table (B.*) imported into any Out Port in G.B.

53 G* 3- c.155.

17 G.3. c.13. § 17.

Articles for Private Ufe, entered on declared Valtfe.





Value ho<v af* eeruined.

Goods imported before April ic, 1814, entered on declared Value, on Oath that Goods are for Private Ufe. Duties on Prize Goods, how paid.

Duties on Prize Goods, how paid.

Duty on Sugar continued till 25th March 1815. t.s. ante.

C3&	j406E(Xm	AJ).,i8ij.

who shall import or bring into Great Britain i from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Com-pany of Merchants of England trading to the East India, any of the Articles before mentioned* or any Articles whatever (not being prohibited to be used or consumed in Great Britain), on which the Duties of Cuftoms are now chargeable according to the Value thereof, either as Prefents or for Private Ufe,. and not by way of Merchandize, to enter the fame with the proper Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, such Goods having been first lodged and housed in Warehoufes according to Law; and that the Value of such Goods, according to which the Duties of Cuftoms are due and payable, fhalL be ascertained according to the Declaration of the Value thereof, to be made by the Owner or Proprietor, or his known Agent, in the like Manner and Form, and under all die Rules, Re*

fulations and Reftridion6, and subject and liable to such and the like orfeitures and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed and imposed with respect to Goods not imported by the East India Company, and on which the Duties of Cuftoms are payable according to the Value thereof!

XXIX.	And be it further enaded* That any such Goods on which the Duties of Cuftoms have not been paid, may be entered*, and the Value ascertained, according to the Diredions of this Ad,, notwithstanding such Goods may have been imported or brought into Great Britain on or before the laid Tenth Day of April One thou* sand eight hundred and fourteen: Provided always, that no such Goods shall be admitted to entry under the Authority of this Ad, unless Proof shall be made on Oath, before the Colledor and Comp* troller of the Cuftoms of the Port of Great Britain into which such Goods shall have been imported or brought, that such Goods were imported or brought for Private Ufe, and not by way of Merchandize.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produdion or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, taken and condemned as Prize* fhafi be lodged and deposited in the Warehoufes of the said United Company, or in Warehoufes approved by the Commissioners of the Cuftoms, or any Three or more of them for the time being, and shall be fold at the* Public Sale of the said Company; and such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be subject and liable to such Duties, and entitled to such Drawbacks as the like Sort of Goods are refpedively-fubjed and entitled to by this Ad, when imported by the said United Company, and shall be subject and liable also to all and* every the Rules, Regulations and Reftridions directed by this Ad or any other Ad or Ads respecting such Goods in force on or before-the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four— teen, as far as the fame are applicable.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded> That the Duties imposed by-this Ad upon the Importation of Sugar, as inserted, defenbed and-fet forth in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B-j, shall continue-and be in force until the Twenty fifth Day of Merely One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and no longer; and shall be appropriated* applied and accounted for,, according to the Ptovifiont of an Ad. passed in the present Seifion of Paruamept, intituled A* AS for

continuing



A.IXiSi3-	54°	GEOi	Ht

C.35^	M3

eoatiuuimg to Hu Mafefy certain Duties on Mbit, Sugar, Tobacco and SnujF in Great Britain ; and on Penftons,	am/	Perfonal Efiates

In England, /or the Service of the Tear One thousand eight hundred and fourteen ; and that a separate Account of such Duties shall be Separata kept at the Cuftom House, diftinti and apart from all other Duties Account, of Cuftoms; and the fame ihall be paid into the Exchequer, pur*-fsant to the Provifions of the said recited Ad, as to the Duties by the laid Ad granted on Sugar.

XXXII.	And be it farther enacted. That it shall and may be Treasury may

bwful to and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Trea-	on

fary, or airy Three or more of them for the time being, to suspend ugM*

the Payment of a Part of the Temporary or War Duty on Sugar impoted by this Ad, in like manner, and in such Proportion and according to the Average Price of Sugar, as the Lords of Hi*

Majelty's Treasury are authorized to do with respect to other Sugar imported into Great Britain, by virtue of an Ad pafTed in the Forty 49 G. 3. c.98. ninth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for re- § 8* feeling the several Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for grouting other Duties in lieu thereof .

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted. That whenever it shall Regulations reappear by Notice in the London Gasette, in the manner directed by	Sugar

an Ad patted in the Forty sixth Year of His present Maiefty’s * c ^ Reign, intituled An ASt for granting to His Majesty during the pre- 110.

fiat War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goode, Warts and Merchandise imported into and and exported from% or brought or carried Coaftvnfe within Great Britain, that the Average Pace of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, taken in the manner dve&ed by the (aid recited Ad, for Four Months preceding the fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of May and the Fifth Dap of September respectively, in every Year, shall exceed Sixty Shillings the Hundred Weight, then and in such case. One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Permanent Duty on Sugar imposed by this Ad, wall be suspended, until a new Average Price, in the manner directed by the (aid recited Ad, shall be publi(hed; and if such Average Price shall exceed the Sum of Sixty one Shillings the Handled Weight, then Two Shillings in the Hundred Weight,

Pvt of the hid Duty, shall be suspended; and in like manner, if inch Average Price shall exceed Sixty two Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Three Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty flail be fufjpen ded 5 if such Average Price shall exceed Sixty three Shillings toe Hundred Weight, then Four Shillings in the Handled Weight of the (aid Duty shall be suspended; if such.

Avetre Price mall exceed Sixty four Shillings the HundredWeight, then Free Stuffings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be suspended \ if such Average Price ihall exceed Sixty five Shil. bigs the Hundred Weight, then Sit Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the hid Duty shall be suspended; if such Average Price flail exceed Sixty fix Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Seven ShOfegt in the Hundred Weight of the (aid Duty shall be fuf* pended; if fiich Average Price shall exceed Sixty seven Shillings the Hundred Weight, tnen Eight Shillings in the Hundred Weight tf the laid Duty fhsril be suspended y if such Average Price shall u«td ditty eiglx Stuffings the Hundred Weight, then Nine Shillings





Bounties on Refined Sugar.

Ship with more than Six Pounds of Tea on board forfeited.

Goods and Ships forfeited seized by Officers of Navy.

C. 36.	540 GEO. III.	A.D.	iffi	p

lings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be suspended and if such Average Price mall exceed Sixty nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Ten Shillings in the Hundred Weight, Part of the said Duty, shall be suspended. 1

1 XXXIV. And whereas certain (Bounties are allowed on the

*	Exportation of Refined Sugar produced from Raw Sugar im-

*	ported from the British Plantations in America: And whereas it

*	is expedient that the like Bounties should be allowed on the Ex-

*	portation from Great Britain of Refined Sugar produced from

*	Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England

*	trading to the Eafi Indies, or by Perfons authorized to trade within

*	the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United Company Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain of Refined Sugar produced from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies, or by any Perfon or Perfons authorized to trade within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United Company, the like Bounty as is now or hereafter may be allowed by Law on the Exportation from Great Britain of the like Sort or Defcription of Refined Sugar produced from Raw Sugar imported from the Britifb Plantations in America g subject in every respect to the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reft ri£lions, Penalties and Forfeitures now by Law practised and applied with relped to the Bounty allowed oh the Exportation of Refined Sugar.

* XXXV. And whereas it is necessary that some further Pro-

*	vifion should be made to prevent the illegal Importation of Tea

*	into this Kingdom Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, if any Ship or Veflel coming from Foreign Parts, and belonging wholly or in Part to His Maiefty’s Subjeds, or whereof One Half of the Perfons on board shall be Subjeds of His Majesty (other than and except such Ships or Veflels as shall belong to or are employed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies), shall be found on the High Seas, or shall be difco-vered to have been within the Limits, having on board any Tea exceeding Six Pounds in the Whole, except Tea for the Ufe of the Perfons on board, not exceeding One Pound for each Perfon, then not only such Tea, together with the Packages containing the fame, but also every such Ship or Veflel, together with all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officer*, of His Majefty’s Navy or Marines, or of tne Cuftoms or Excife. '

[ See $ 36. as to such Seizures by Officers of Cuftoms*'}

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the: Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and all Ships or Veflels forfeited by this Ad, may and shall be seized by the Commander or Commanders of any of His Majefty's Ships of War, or any Commiffioned, Warrant or Petty Officer specially appointed by him or them, or by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms (a); and that every Forfeiture incurred by this A61, and whereof'the-Recovery is not specially provided for by this Ad, may and shall respectively be (a) [See $ 35. ante, as to such Seizures by Officers of Excife also.]

fued

125

A.D.i8i3*	54°	GEO.III.	C.36.

foed for, prosecuted and recovered in such Courts, and by such and the like ways, means and methods, and the Produce thereof re-fpe&ively disposed and applied in such and the like manner, and to such and the like Ufes and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Cuftoms(a) may now be sued for, prosecuted or recovered, disposed of and applied, either in Great Britain, or in the Iflands of Jerfevy Guernsey, Alderney, Sari or Man, or in any of His Majefty’s other Dominions in or out of Europe respectively, as the case may happen to be. la) [See 6 35. ante, as to such Seizures hy Officers of Exctfe also.]

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That Provifo for A6L nothing in this A&, or in the before recited Ad palled in the lad by wbicb Goods Seffion of Parliament, shall extend or be conilrued to extend to alter, vary or repeal any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or imme- 1	°

diately Wore the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, for proliibiting the Confumption or U(e of any Foreign Manufadure within Great Britain; but that all and fin-gular the said Ads, and the Provisions, Penalties and Regulations therein contained respectively, shall remain and continue of the fame Force and EfFed, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Ad and the (aid before recited Ad paded in the last Seffion of Parliament had 53 G. 3. c. x55. not been made ; any thing contained in the said recited Ad or this Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Goods subject to nothing in this Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, former Laws of to permit or allow any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, to Imported £*-be imported into or exported from Great Britain, in any way or P°rl* manner contrary to any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the laid Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, except in any case where Provifion is expressly made for that Purpofe by this Ad, or by the before recited Ad palled in the last Seffion of Parliament.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted. That the Duties granted Duty payable and imposed by this Ad, and made payable according to the Weight, on any SrealeP Tale, Guage, Meafure or Value of any Goods, Wares or Mer- w QuantitX* chandize, charged with such Duties, shall be charged and payable upon any greater or less Weight, Number, Quantity or Value thereof, than the Weight, Number, Quantity or Value particularly	t

inferred, deferibed and fet forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, maked (A.) and (B.), in proportion to the actual Weight, Number,

Quantity or Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

• XL. And whereas it is expedient that Goods, Wares and Mer-

*	chandize, legally imported into that Part of the United Kingdom

*	called Ireland, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the

*	Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England 1 trading to the Eafl Indies, should be allowed to be imported into 9 Great Britain directly from Ireland;9 Be it therefore enabled,

That, from and after the said Tenth Day of April One thousand Regulations s* eight hundred and fourteen, any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize to E. I. Goods fa imported as aforesaid into Ireland, (hail and may be imported imported from (Sre&ly from thence into any of those Ports in Great Britain, which I**1*™1-fcall have been or may be declared fit and proper for the safe Cuftody of such Goods; and all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize so imported into Great Britain, shall be fabjeft and liable to

fuch





126

C.3 6.

54° GEO. HI.



Aft not to alter

now paid or recovered.

Not to repeal Afts of Union.

39&40 G.3.

<.6;.

40 G. 3. (1.) c.38.

such and the like Duties on Importation) and entitled to such and the like Drawbacks on Exportation, as the like Articles would be subject and liable to, if imported directly into Great Britain from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United East India Company 5 and all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize mail in every other respect be subject and liable to the Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Limitations and Conditions, and to the fame Penalties and Forfeitures, and shall and may be ware-houfed under the fame Regulations, Securities and Conditions, as such Goods, Wares or Merchandize would be subject and liable or entitled to, if the fame had been imported into Great Britain directly from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United East India Company; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. Provided always, an<r be it further enacted, That nothing manner in which ^ ftns Ad shall extend or be construed to extend to alter the utieion ea manner in which the Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation of Tea into Great Britain, are now paid or secured, but that the said Duties shall continue to be paid or secured as heretofore.

XLIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing-in this Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter any of the Provifions contained in Two Adis for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland\ the one made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majefty’s Reign, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty *s Reign, or any other Ad or Ads in force on or immediately before the said First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported from Ireland into Great Britain, or any Goods, Wares and Merchandize exported from Great Britain to Ireland, are respectively made to remain liable to or are charged with or exempted from any Duties of Cuftoms, whether Countervailing or other, or by whicn any Drawbacks or Bounties are allowed or given in respect of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Ad shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal, or in any wife to affect the Tonnage Duty on Ships and Veffels entering Inwards or Outwards in any Port in Great Britain, from or to Foreign Parts, granted by an Ad palled in the Forty ninth. Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled An A3 for repealing the feyeral Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Tonnage Doties in this Ad shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeS 39	or ^ wife t0 affect any of the Duties on 8hips or Veffels, accord-

c. xix. § 134.	tQ tjjg Tonnage thereof, granted by an Ad pafTed in -the Thirty

ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An jf8 for rendering more commodious, and for letter regulating the Port 43 G.3. c.cxxiv. of London ; or by an Ad passed in the Forty tnird Year of the 3*	Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to authorize the

Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Confolidated Fund9 to be applied in the Improvement of the Port of Londou, by the Mayor9 Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Councit

cffembled z  GoogTe

Not to affect Tonnage Duty in G.3.

49 O. 3. c. 98. Table D.

Nor to affeft

**7

54°GEO.nL

C.36.

sfmhled; mod to empower the Loris Gornmifftoners of His Majefty's Trcafury to purchaje the Legal Quays between London Bridge and the Towr of London.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Not to affect this Aft shall extend or be conffrued to extend to, or in any way affest, alter, vary or repeal, any of the Duties granted by, or any of ws‘ the Provifiona contained in an Aft passed in the Forty fifth Year of 45 0.3. c. 10. the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled An A3 for making father rnyvifion for the ejfeducd Performance of Quarantine ; or in 20 Aft passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present 46 g. 3. c.98. Majetly, intituled An A3 for making additional and further Provi•

/uo fa the ejfedual Performance of Quarantine m Great Britain.

XLVI. Provided afro, and be it further enacted, That nothing Nottoafleft in thk Aft contained fhaQ extend or be conffrued to extend to East India Dock alter or repeal, or in any wife to affect any of the Rates or Duties RaUs* granted and made payable to the East India Dock Company, by any Ad [a) or Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the fad Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred ana fourteen.

(*) [43 G.$.c.cxxn. #91.]

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft Not to affect contained shall extend or be conffrued to extend to repeal or in any ScavaS«* wde diet the Duties of Package, Scavage, Baillage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citaessof the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate wtikm Great Britain, or any other special Privilege or Exemption no wkch any Perfon or Perfona, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law; but the fame shall be continued as heretofore.

XLV1II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Excife Afts not nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be conffrued to extend dtered. to aker, vary or repeal any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by which Duties of Excife are imposed on any Article imported or brought into Great Britain, or by which any Securities, Rules, Regulations or Reflriftions are made or provided for the fecuriag any of the Duties of Excife, but that the lame frail remain in full Foroe and Effeft as if this Aft had not been made.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Aft of Parliament FormerRegylt-m force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April tions continued. One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by which any Rules, Regulation s, Conditions or Reftriftions were made, established or dirested, for the afoertairriug the Value of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or far the remitting or allowing of any Deduftion of any Duties on account of Damage, or for the better fecurmg the Revenue of Cuf-tome, or far the regular Importation into or Exportation from Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying Coaft wife, or from any Port to Port within Great Britain, or the entering, landing or (hipping of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, except where any Alteration is cxprefdv made by this Aft; and all Protifions, Clattfes,

Matters and Things relating thereto, shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effest, and shall be applied to fre Subjeft of . this Aft, sad for carrying the fane into Execution

as





Duties and Drawhaiks col-le&ed as former Duties and Drawbacks.

Goods in Tables A. B. fubjett to former Regulations.

Exceptions*

Former Pemrt-ties, ftc. m Force. Exception.

Duties under Commiflioners of Cultoms.

C.36.	54*	GEO.	IH	A.D.1813.

as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

L. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money respectively infer ted, described and fet forth in Figures in the said Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.), as the Duties of Cuftoms, and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Cuftoms, upon, for or in respect of the several Goods, Wares or Merchandize specified therein, may and shall respectively be managed, afeertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Ad, in such and the like manner, and by the fame means, ways or methods, as former Duties of Cullom8 and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize in general, and also by any such special means, ways or methods respectively as former Duties of Cuftoms and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the fame Sorts or Kinds, were or might be managed, afeertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed; and the Goods, Wares or Merchandize whereon Duties of Cuftoms are by this Ad charged, and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms allowed, as the fame are respectively inserted, described and fet forth in the said Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) upon the Importation thereof into, or Exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other account whatsoever, shall be and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftridions, Seizures and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares or Merchandize were subject and liable by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of Aprii One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, respecting the Revenue of Cuftoms, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Ad; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, of whatever nature or kind the fame may be, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever, committed again ft or in breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the {aid Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provifiona and Declarations contained in any such Ad or Ads, shall (unlefs where expressly altered by this Ad) and are hereby dirrded and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Cuftoms and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, a6 if all and every the said Ads, Clauses, Provihons, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this Ad, and made Part thereof.

LI. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Cuftoms by this Ad imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Bri~ tain called England shall be under the Management of the Commif-fioners of the Cuftoms in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland

14	fhall

12 9

ID. 1813.	54* GEO. III. C.	36.

(tall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms b Scotland for the time being.

LII. And be it further enabled. That the Duties of Cuftoms by Continuation of this Ad imposed on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and which Temporary or are particularly described and fet forth in Figures in the Tables War 1>ul,cs-hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.J, under the Title and De-fcription of Temporary or War Duties, mall continue in force during the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.	[Continued till $th July 1815, c.64. poJll\

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from Appropriation, the Duties of Cuftoms imposed by this Ad, described and fet forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and f B.), under the Head of Permanent Duties (the necessary Charges of railing and ac- Permanent counting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid into Duties, the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, and be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, and shall be appropriated, issued and applied in like manner and to the fame Services as the Permanent Duties of Cuftoms hereby repealed would have been appropriated, issued and applied if this Adi had not been passed; and that the Monies arising from the Duties of Cuftoms, as the fame are deferibed and fet forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.), under the Head of Temporary or War Duties (the Temporary or neceftary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), War Duties, shall from time to time be appropriated, issued and applied in like manner in every respect as the Monies arising from the Duties called Temporary or War Duties, granted by an Adi palled in the Forty ninth Tear of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad for re- 49	3-c-98*

pealing the federal Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and $ $2m for granting other Duties in lieu thereof were dire died to be appropriated, iiTued and applied.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That on the due Exportation Drawbacks al-from Great Britain of any Sugar on which the Home Confumption lowed on Sugars Duty imposed by this Adi shall have been paid, the Exporter or exported. Exporters thereof shall be entitled to such and the like Drawbacks as shall be allowed at the time of such Exportation on Brown or Muf~ cQ’oado Sugar of the Produce of the British Plantations exported from Great Britain: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall Provifo. extend or be construed to extend to impose any Duty on such Sugar when taken out of the Warehoufe for Exportation only.

1 LV. And whereas by an Adi made in the Thirty third Year of 33 0*3*

•	His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for continuing in the East 1 India Company, for a further Term, the Pojfeffion of the Britifli

•	Territories in India, together with their exclu/tve Trade, under cer-‘ tain Limitations ; for ejlablijhing further Regulations for the Go-‘ vemment of the said Territories, and the better Adminiftration of

•	Juftice within the fame ; for appropriating to certain Ufes the Re-1 venues and Profits of the said Company ; and for making Provifion

•	for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta,

1 Madras and Bombay, it is, among other things, enacted, that the §116.

‘ Court of Diredlors of the United Company of Merchants of 1 England trading to the East Indies should, within the Fir ft Four-1 teen Sitting Days after the Thirtieth Day of March in every * Year, lay certain Accounts before Parliament: And whereas it is ‘ expedient to alter the Periods for making up and presenting the said 54 Gbo. III.	K	*	Accounts





Accounts of Company when pi et'ented to Pailiaraent.

I.imitation of Actions.

General Iflue.

Treble Cofti.

Aft altered, dec.

Continuance of Adt

* Accounts to Parliament ;* Be it therefore enacted, That the several Accounts directed by the said recited Aft to be presented to Parliament shall, by the Court of Direftors of the said United Company, be annually made up to the First Day of May% and be presented to both Houfes of Parliament within the First Fourteen Sitting Days after the said Period, in every Year 5 anything in the said recited Aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Aftion or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Perfon or Perfons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Aft, such Aftion or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Faft committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Caufe of Complaint did arise and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Aftion or Suit may plead the General I flue, and give this Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon 5 and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Aftion or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Aftion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared ; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant had in other cases to recover Cofts by Law.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Aft, or any of the Provifions thereof, may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be made in this present Seflion of Parliament.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Aft and every thing herein contained, shall continue in force (except where any special Continuation is directed by this Aft) until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and no longer.

[Srr cc. 34, 35. ante; and at to Ireland, c. 103.

TABLES

l



A.D.1813.

54° GEO. III.

131

C. 3d.

TABLES to which this A£t refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, either by the said United Company, or by Perfons authorized so to Trade, on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being secured in Warehouses.

TABLE (A.)  WAREHOUSING DUTY.	Permanent  Duty.	Temporary  or  War Duty.
MUSLINS, plain; plain white Calicoes; Muflins or white Calicoes, flowered or stitched ; plain white Dimity 5 Nanquin Cloths ; and all Articles manufactured of Hair or Cotton Wool, or any Mixture	£• !•	£. I. d.
thereof - for every £100, of the Value Good*, Wares and Merchandize, prohibited to be worn or uied m Great Britain,	0  0	IOO
for every £100. of the Value  For the manner in which the Value of the before mentioned Goods shall be ascertained ; and for the Rules, Regulations and Conditions, for ascertaining and colleding Duties to be paid according to the Value, and for the Penalties and Forfeitures to which such Goods are liable; —See the 27 Geo. III. Cap.13.—53Gco.HL Cap.155. and the Ad to which this Table is annexed.	0  O	ICO
Coffee - the cwt.	04O	OlO
Indigo - the lb. Raw Silk viz.	0 O I	OOl
—	- Bengal Raw Silk - - the lb.  —		 ■■■ of any other Sort - - the lb.  I For the Conditions, Rules and Regulations under which the Warehoufing Duty on such of the Articles enumerated or described in this Table, as shall be imported by the East India Company, may be secured by Bond; — See 3pfGeo. III. Cap.59. and the Ad to which this Table, is annexed. And, for the Conditions, Rules and Regulations, refped-ing the Payment of the Warehouung Duty on such of the laid Articles as shall be imported by Perfons authorized to Trade within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company ;—See the Ad to which Ais Table is annexed.	004  006	O O X  0 0 I§

K 2

t

54° GEO. Ill

A.D.i8i3#

C. 36.

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS on the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, having been imported into Great Britain from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East; Indies, either by the said United Company or by Perfons authorized so to Trade, and secured in Warehouses, payable on the Delivery of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize refpeCtively, from any such Warehouse, for the Purpofe of being used or consumed in Great Britain (not being prohibited to be so used or confumed) ; exclusive of the Duties paid or payable on warehoufing any of the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and exclusive also of such Duties of Excife, or other Duties, as shall be due and payable thereon at the time of such Delivery.

TABLE (B.)	PERMANENT		T cmporary or
HOME CONSUMPTION DUTIES.	Duty.	Drawback.	War Duty.
ALMONDS ; — viz.  		 Bitter - the cwt.  	of any other Sort - the cwt.  Aloes;—viz.	£• J. d. 1 5 0 3 16 0	£• s, d*	£. s. d.  063  0190
	 Socotorina - - the lb.	020	-	0 0 6
	of any other Sort - the lb.	Oio	-	003
Alum - the cwt.	0 14 0	-	036
	Roch Alum - - the cwt.  Amber ;—viz.  	 Beads or other Manufactures of	094		O24
Amber - - the lb.	096 0 1 4	-	N 0 0 0
Ambergris - the oz. Ammoniacum, Gum. See Gum Ammoniacus.  — ■ 	Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus.  Animi, Gum. See Gum.  Annifeed. See Seed.  		Oil of. See Oil.	040		OIO
Annotto - - the cwt.	1 12 0	-	080
Aqua fortis - - the cwt. Arabic Gum. See Gum.  Arangoes or Arangoe Beads,	0 11 4		O 2 IO
for every j£ioo. of the * Value Arrack. See Spirits.	25 0 0		650
Arfenic - the cwt.	0 11 4	-	0 2 10
Afafcetida - the lb. Auripigmentum. See Orpiment.	008	* “	0 0 2
Balfam ; viz. Artificial or Natural - the lb. Bamboo Canes. See Canes.	0  0	-	OIO
Barilla - - - the cwt. # [&* 43 G. 3. c. 68. § 41.] 1	086		0 2 1}



A.D.1813

54° GEO. III.

C.36.

f33

TABLE (B.)—continued

Bark;—viz.

—	Jefuits Bark. See Cortex Peruvianus.

—	not otherwise enumerated or described,

-	- if for Medicinal Ufe,

for every £100. of the Value

-	- if not for Medicinal Ufe,

for every £100. of the Value Bdellium -	the lb.

Beads; viz.

------Amber Beads. See Amber.

------Arangoe Beads. See Arangoes.

■-----Coral Beads	-	- the lb.

------Cryftal Beads	-	the	1000

------not otherwifeenumerated or described,

for every jtfioo. of the Value Bees Wax. See Wax.

Benjamin Bczow Stones Books; viz.

bound ------ unbound

the lb. the oz.

the cwt. the cwt.

Borax; viz.

------refined	-	-	the lb.

------ unrefined, or tincal	-	the lb.

Bottles of green or common Glass, full or empty, not of less Content than one Pint, and not being Phials - the Dozen Quarts Brandy. See Spirits.

Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, Duty-free.

Cajaputa, Oil of. See Oil.

Cake Lac. See Lac in Gum.

Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis.

Calicoes 5 viz.

--------plain	white Calicoes,

for every £100. of the Value Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Calicoes, which shall have been printed, painted, framed or dyed in Great Britain,

for every jgioo. of the Value white, flowered or stitched,

I	for every £100* of the Value

1 Calve Skins. - See Skins.

Sec Gamboge.

Kj

PERMANENT		Temporary  or
Duty.	Drawback.	War Duty.
£• J. d.	£. s» d*	£. s. d.
40 0 O	.	IO O O
20 O O	-	500
0 0 8	'	0 0 2
0 12 6		O, 3
12 0	-	056
O  O  O	-	12 10 0
OI4	. ,	004
0 2 0	-	006
5 4 0	-	160
3 17 0		0 19 3
0 1 4	•	004
006	- - •	0 0 ij
060	• * ■	016
50 0 0	-	12 10 0
26 0 0	« 0 ov	6 10 0



[34

54* GEO. III.

A.D.1813

C. 35.

Tabic (B.)— continued.

(Camel Hair. See Hair. ICamphire; viz.

-------refined

■-■■■■ unrefined | Candles of Wax I Canes;

• the lb. - the lb. the lb.

viz.

Bamboo -	-	the	1000

Rattans (not ground Rattans)

the 1000

Reed Canes -	the	1000

Walking Canes or Sticks, mounted, painted, inlaid, er otherwise ornamented or manufactured, for every £100. of the Value - Wanghees, Jumboo, Ground Rattans, Dragon’s Blood, and other Walking Canes or Sticks,

the 1000

Cantharides	*	-	the lb.

Caps of Cotton,

for every ^100. of the Value

1 Cardamoms	- - the lb.

Carmenia Wool. See Goat Hair in Hair. Carmine	-	-	-	the oz.

Carpets ; viz.

of Perfia - the Yard square of Turkey, under 4 Yards fquare

the Carpet

-	-	-	4 Yards square, and not

exceeding 6 Yards square - the Carpet -	-	-	exceeding 6 Yards fquare

the Carpet

See Gum.

Cafhew Gum. Caflia Buds ■■	Fiftula

■	Lignea

I-----Oil of -

the lb. the lb. the lb.

Caftor, Oil of I } S“ °iL Cayenne Pepper. See Pepper.

Chemical Oil. See Oil.

China Root	-	-	the lb.

China Ware,

for every ^ioo. of the Value Cinnabar. See Vermillion.

Cinnabaris Nativa	-	-	the lb,

PERMANENT		Temporary  or
Duty.	Drawback.	War Duty.
£• S. d.	£. /. d*	£• d*
0 I 8	.	0 0 s
0 1 0	-	003
020	-	006
1 7 0	-	069
170	.	069
1 1 0	*	0 5 3
0  0  0	-	12 10 0
3 4 0		0 16 0
028	-	0 0 &
50 0 0	.	1210 0
018	-	0 0 y
0 3 4	-	0 0 10
200	-	0100
1 0 0	-	050
0  0		100
650	-	in 3
014	-	004
008	-	002
020		006
010	-	0 0 3
100 0 0		*5 0 0
018	-	005



Table ( B.) — continued.

PERMANENT

Duty.

Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

Cinnamon

Oil of. See 03.

Cloves

- Oil of. See Oil. Cochineal

------ Dull

Cocoa Nuts

the lb.

the lb.

the lb. the lb. the lb.

Subje& also to a Duty of Excife.

Coculus Indus	-	.	the	lb.

Codee	...	the	lb.

Subje& also to a Duty of Excife.

Coin, Foreign, of Gold or Silver. See

Bullion.

Colocynth. See Coloquintida.

Coloquindda, or Colocynth - the lb. Colours for Painters. See Painters* Colours. I Cohinbo Root -	-	the	lb.

Contrayervae Lapis. See Lapis.

Radix. See Radix.

Copal Gum. See Gum.

Copper ; viz.

------ Ore -	-	the cwt.

------ Old, fit only to be re-manufa&ured

the cwt.

—	■ ■ unwrought; viz.

-	Copper	in Bricks or

Pigs, Rofe Copper, and all Caft Copper the cwt.

-	Copper	in Plates and

Copper Coin, the cwt.

—	- ■ part wrought; viz. — Bars, Rods or

Ingots, hammered or raised, the cwt.

| — ■ . Manufactures of Copper, not other-wife enumerated or described, Copper enamelied, and Copper Plates engraved,

for every £100. of the Value

Coral ; viz.

----- Beads. See Beads.

---- in fragments	-	- the lb.

— whole poliihed	-	the	lb.

-	-	unpoliihed	- the lb.

Coriander Seed. See Seed.

£. t. do

020

046

008

002

004

020

004

014

0	1	4

008

074

074

0120

1	5	o

50 o o

o o 10 o 9 o

st

£• /• d%

£. t. d.

006

ox U

002 o o o1, o o I

006 Q Q 1

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 0 2 O X IO

o I 10 030 063

12 10 O

o o 2§!

O 2 4 )

0X2

k4



Table (B.) — continued.

PERMANENT

Duty.

Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

Cortex Peruvianus or Jefuits Bark the lb. Coftos	-	-	the lb.

Cotton j viz.

Articles manufactured of Cotton Wool, or of any Mixture thereof, not particularly enumerated or de-scribed,

for every £ 100. of the Value Thread. See Thread.

Wool. See Wool.

—------Yarn. See Yarn.

Cowries - for every jgioo. of the * Value Cryflal Beads. See Beads.

Cubebs	-	-	the lb.

Cummin Seed. See Seed.

Dyagrydium. See Scammony.

Diamonds, Duty-free.

Dimity j viz.

-------Plain White Dimity,

for every £100* of the Value Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Dimity, which shall have been printed, stained, painted or dyed in Great Britain,

for every £100. of the Value Dog Skins. See Skins.

Drawings, coloured	-	-	each

> plain ,	-	-	each

——, piam I	cacn

Drugs, on which ipecific Duties are payable according to the Quantity. See the several Articles in Alphabetical Course, ■ * ■■ ■ ■ manufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

for every £100. of the Value ■ ■ unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

for every £100. of the Value Earthenware. See China.

Ebony. See Wood.

Elemi Gum. See Gum.

Elephants Teeth	the cwt.

Elk Skins. See Skins.

Emeralds, Rubies, and all other precious Stones and Jewels (except Diamonds)

for every £100. of the Value * ZSee 43 G. 3. c* 68. $ 41.]

£. t. d. 018 o o 10

£. s. d.

£. s. d. 005

O O 2{

5 000

25 0 0 008

50 o o

12 10 o

650 0 0 2

12 IO O

45 o o

030

016

009 O O 4£

50 0 o

40 O o

340

12 10 O

12 IO O

IO O O

O 16 O

3 2 6



AD. 1813.

54’ GEO. Ill

137

« --------------------------------

I

I	Table	(B.)—continued.

|Feathers; viz.

|«-------Oftrich Feathers, dressed - the lb.

|	-	undreffed	-	the lb.

- ■ of any other Sort,

for every £ 100. of the Value Flax, rough or undressed - the cwt. [Fareft Seed. See Seed.

Fan. See Skins.

Galaoga	...	the	lb.

Galbamim -	-	-	the	lb.

Galls -	-	-	the	$wt.

Gamboge	-	.	-	the	lb.

Garden Seed. See Seed.

[Garnet; viz.

	cut	• the lb.
	rough  Gem SiL See Sal.	- the lb.
Geneva. See Spirits.  Ginger ...	the cwt.
	preferred	the lb.
Ginfeng - * Glass; viz.	the lb.

-----Bottles. See Bottles.

---broken, fit only to be re-man ufa&ured

the cwt.

—	rough Plate Glass, and ground or

polifhed Plate or Crown Glass,

for every ^100. of the Value - - - - And besides for every Foot superficial Meafure —— Manufa&ures of, not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every jffioo. of the Value

—	Paintings ou Glass,

for every £100. of the Value Glafs is subject also to a Duty of Excife. Goat Hair. See Hair.

Gold Coin. See Bullion.

------ Plate. See Plate.

Gran 31a	-	-	-	the	lb.

Gum; viz.

> Ammoniac us • Animi Arabic Cafhew

---Copal

— Eiemi

the lb. the lb. the cwt. the cwt. the lb. the lb. I

C.36.

PERMANENT					Temporary
Duty.			Drawback.		War Duty.
£.	> /•	d.	£• s.	d.	£. s. d.
2	4	0	.	.	OIIO
O	*3	4	-	-	0 3 4
40	0	0	.	.	IO O O
O	0	4		■	O O I
O	0	4			O O I
O	1	0	-	.	003
O	9	4	-	-	024
O	1	4	•	•	004
I	4	0			060
O	8	0	-	-	0 2 0
O	18	0			046
O	2	6	•	•	0 0 7{
0	1	2	"	•	003!
O	2	6	-	-	0 0 7I
90	0	0	-	-	22 10 0
O	3	il	—		—
90	0	0	-	-	22 10 0
So	0	0	-	-	12 10 0
0	0	4	•	•	0 0 1
0	1	0		.	003
0	0	8		-	002
0	9	4		-	024
0	6	0		-	016
0	1	4		-	004
0	0	6		-	0 0 i£



Gum Juniper. See Gum Sandrake.

—	Lac ; viz.

-	- Cake Lac	-	- the lb.

-	- Shellac, or Seed Lac - the lb.

-	- Stick Lac -	-	the	cwt.

-----Opoponax	-	-	the	lb.

-----Sagapcnum -	the	lb.

—	Sandrake or Juniper	-	the	cwt.

—	Sarcocolla	-	-	the	lb.

-----Senega	-	-	the	cwt.

—	Tragacanth	-	-	the	lb.

—	not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £100. of the Value

£• x. d.

£• x • d*

o o o o o 6

0 3 o o o 15 o o o 9 O I

40 o o

Hair; viz.

----Camel	-	-	the	lb.

----Goat, or Carmenia Wool	-	the lb.

----Human	-	-	the	lb.

----Articles manufactured of Hair, or

any Mixture thereof, not particularly enumerated or described,

for every £\oo. of the Value Hemp, rough or undressed, or any other vegetable Subftance of the nature and quality of Undrefled Hemp, and applicable to the fame purposes,

the Ton containing 20 cwt.

Hides; viz.

.	— Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox, in the

Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed - the Hide

-	-	-	tanned, and	not	otherwife

drefled	-	the lb.

-------Horfe, Mare or Gelding, in the Hair,

not tanned or in any way dressed the Hide

-	-	-	tanned and	not	otherwife

drefled	-	the lb.

--------or	Pieces	of Hides, raw or un-

dreffect, not particularly enumerated or described, or other-wife charged with Duty,

for every £ 100. of the Value ■ ■■ ■. . or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £100. of the Value

o

o

o

S°

o

o

o

o

o

*J

JO

I 4	.

04	-

4 o -

00-

6	4	-

o 8	-

o 10

08-o 10

00-

00-

Temporary

or

War Duy.

£.	X.	d.
0	O	1
O	O	
0	I	7
0	O	9
O	O	2
0	3	9
0	0	2
0	2	4
0	0	3
10	0	0
0	0	4
0	0	1
0	1	0
12	10	0

OI7

0 0 2

o o *{|

0 0 2 O O 2j|

650

|ao 10 1

(^.ooQle

*39



C. 36.

1  1  | Tabic (B.)—continued.  I	PERMANENT		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
1  Horns; viz.  — Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox Horns	jf. r. d.	£• /. d»	£• /. d.
the loo  	manufactured,	044	-	Oil
for every £100. of the Value 	unmanufactured, not otherwise enumerated or described.	O  O  O		12 10 0
for every j£ioo. of the Value	2? 0 0	.	650
Hordes, Mares or Geldings - each Human Hair. See Hair.  Hufle Skins. See Skins.	5 5 0		i 6 3
Japanned Ware, for every £iao. of the Value Jeftrits’ Bark. See Cortex Peruvian us.  Jewels. See Emeralds.	O  O  0	-	11 10 0
lwfoo . - - the lb. Iris Root. See Orrice.  Juniper Gum. See Gum Sandrake.  Knubsof Silk. See Silk.  Lac. See Gum.  Lacquered Ware,	0 0 a		0  0  0
for every £100. of the Value Lamb’s Wool. See Sheep’s Wool in Wool. Lapis; viz.	0  0  0	*	12 10 0
	 Calaminaris * - the cwt.	0 £ 8	.	018
	 Contreyervse - - the oz.	018	.	00 5.
- ■ Lazuli - - the lb.	028	.	008
	Tutiae - - - the lb.  Lazuli Lapis. See Lapis*  Lead; viz.	006	m *	0 0 ii
	White Lead - - the cwt.  Leopard Skins. See Skins.  Lialeed, Oil of. See OiL Long Pepper. See Pepper.	0  00  0	m m	020
Mace ... the lb. — Oil of. See Oil.	074	-	0 1 10
Madder Root - - the cwt.	040	0 m	010
Mangoes - - the Gallon	040	m ■	010
Manna ... the lb.	010	.	003
Maps ... the Piece Martin Skins. See Skins.  Ma&ich; viz.  — 1 — Red - - the lb.	010  008  010	• m	003  002  003
Mrlafa - . - the cwt.	060	m m	016
Mother of Pearl Sheik, rough . the lb.	008	m •	002

v^ooQle

C-3<5.

54° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

/ Tt \ rnntinued*	PERMANENT		Temporary  or  W ar Duty.
J, tiulC 1 U• 1 t (/•*•	Duty.	Drawback.	

Mufk -	the oz.

Muflins; viz,

• plain, for every £100. of the Value Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Muflins which shall have been printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain,

for every j£ioo. of the Value - flowered or ft itched,

for every jgioo. of the Value

j. d. 4 o

26 o o

26 o o

Myrobalanes; viz.

■	---- candied

— dryed

the lb. the cwt. the lb.

Myrrh

Nanquin Cloths,

for every jffioo. of the Value Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Nanquin Cloths, which shall have been printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain,

for every £100. of the Value

Nutmegs

Oil of. See Oil.

0	8 9 4

1	4

26 o o

Nux Vomica

Oil; viz.

■	--of Annifeed

---of Cajaputa

■	n— of Caflia of Caftor

the lb the lb.

044

o 1

. the lb.

the oz. • the oz. the lb.

-	V* WMAWft

----Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated

or described,

for every £100. of the Value ----of Cinnamon -	- the oz.

—	of Cloves -	-	the oz.

----of Linfeed -	- the Tun,

containing 252 Gallons

----of Mace -	-	the oz.

---of Nutmegs -	-	the oz.

----of Turpentine	- - the lb.

----not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every £100. of the Value Oker -	•	-	the cwt.

Olibanum -	-	-	the cwt.

Opium -	-	-	the lb.

Opoponax Gum. See Gum.

50

o

o

26

o

o

o

50

0

1

o

3

2

2

1

0

4

1

12

1

1

o

O o

5 4

18 o

7 o

£• x. d% |	£.	s.	d*

010 6 10 o

20 o o |	—

6 10 o

002 024 004

6 10 o

20 o o I —

Oil

003

o o o o o

o 9 o 6 o 6

12 10 o o 1 o

004

6 13 © o o 5

005

O O HI

li 10 O

O I 4 096 o i 9

^ O O Q 1.C

—			  T able ( B.)—continued•	PERMANENT		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
1	£. s. d.	£. x. d.	£. /. d.
Orange Flower Water - - the Gallon	028		0 0 8
Ore; viz.  —	Copper. See Copper.  —	Gold or Silver. See Bullion.  Orpiment, or Auripigmentum - the cwt.	I 4 O		060
Orrice, or Iris Root - - the cwt.	I40	.	060
Ofbicb Feathers. See Feathers.  Painters Colours, not otherwise enumerated or described - the lb.	0 0 8		0 0 2
Paintings on Glafs. See Glafs.  Paper; viz.  	 Brown Paper, made of old Rope or  Cordage only, without separating or extra&ing the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of any other Materials therewith - - the lb.	O08		0 0 2
	Printed, painted or stained Paper, or  Paper Hangings - the Yard fquare	O I 0		0 0 3
	of any other Sort, not particularly  enumerated or described, or other-wife charged with Duty - the lb.	014		«•  O  O
Pearls, - for every £ ioo. of the Value Pepper - the lb.	5 0 0 Ol6	-	004;
- ■ Cayenne - - the lb.	O40	-	OIO
—■ ■ Long Pepper - - the lb. Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, - the Gallon	O08	-	0 0 2
	O40		OIO
Pidnres; viz.  	under 2 Feet square, - the Pi&ure	* 13 4		0 J3 4
	of 2 Feet square, and under 4 Feet  square,. - - the Pi&ure	568		1 6 8
	of 4 Feet square, or upwards,  the Pi&ure	800		200
Plate; viz.  	Battered, fit only to be re-manufa&ured.  See Bullion.  	of Gold - - the oz. Troy	300		0 ij 0
	of Silver, gilt - the oz. Troy	050	-	0 1 3
	 - - - Part gilt - the oz. Troy	048	-	012
— - - ungilt - the oz. Troy	036	-	0 0 10;
Precious Stones. See Emeralds.  Prints 5 viz.  		 ■ Paper Prints, plain - the Piece	014		004
-— .... coloured,  for every £ioo. of the Value	JO 0 0	• m	12 10 0

v^ooQle

*4*

54r GEO. III.

A.D.1813

C. 36.

TABLE (B.)—	.

PERMANENT

Duty.

Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

PROVISIONS:

His Majesty is authorized to permit for a limited time, by Order in Couneil, the Importation into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever, in any British Ship or Vefiel, or in any other Ship or Vefiel, belonging to Perfons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever, of any Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivances, and all other Sorts of Pulfe; and also Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calyes, Sheep, Lambs and Swine ; Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal and Lamb, whether salted or otherwise ; Bacon, Hams, Butter, Tongues, Chcefe, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game, and Sour Crout, Duty-free, provided due Entry be made. His Majesty is likewise authorized in like manner to recal such Permission, either in Part or in the Whole, if circumstances shall seem so to require ;«— Sec 39 Geo. Ill, Cap. 87. continued by subsequent Afts; and by ci Geo. III. Cap. 14. further continued until Six Month* after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace.

[ Quickfilver -	the	lb.

[ Radix Contrayervac	- - the lb.

1 Rattans. See Canes.

\W00d. Red. See Wood.

[ Reed Canes. See Canes.

1 Rhubarb	... the lb.

[Rice	...	the	cwt.

1 f See the Note under the Head of Provifions.]

\ Roch Alum. See Alum, i Rofe Wood. See Wood.

| Rubies. See Emeralds.

[ Rum. See Spirits.

Safflower -	the	cwt.

1 Saffron	-	-	the	lb,

I Sagapenum Gum. See Gum.

1 Sago, or Sago Powder -	-	the	lb.

[ See the Note under the Head of Provifions.] i Sago Powder. See Sago.

I [See the Note under the Head of Provi(i<

| Sal; viz.

— Ammoniacus -	-	the	lb.

-— Gem	... the

I Salep or Salop	-	-	tl

\ Saltpetre	-	-	the	cwt.

San drake Gum. See Gum.

£.	X.	d.	£.	x. </.	£.	x.	d.
0	I	4	-	-	0	0	4
0	I	4	-	•	0	O	4
0	1	8			0	0	5
0	6	0			0	1	6
0	7	0			0	1	9
0	6	0	-	-	0	1	6
0	0	6	-	-	0	0	
0	0	4			0	0	1
a	6	0	-	-	0	1	6
0	1	0	-	-	0	0	3
0	0	4			0	0	1



AJO-1813.

54° GEO. IIL

C.3 6.	M3

Table (B.) —continued*	PERMANENT		Temporary  Of
	Duty.	Drawback;	War Duty.
	£• x. d*	£• x. d.	£. *• d.
Sanguis Draconis - - the lb.	0 1 4	. „	0 0 4
Ssrcocolla Gum. See Gum.  Saunders; viz.  	, White or Yellow - the lb.  Scaxnmony - the lb.	0 3 4 008  054	•	0 0 10 0 0 2 0 i 4
Sea Cow, Sea Horse or Sea Morfe Teeth  the lb.	014		0  0
Seal Skins. See Skins.  Seed; viz.  	Annifeed - - the cwt.	1 16 0		090
	Coriander Seed - the cwt.	076	•	0 110}
	Cummin Seed - - the cwt.	0 12 6	.	03 lx
	Foreft Seed,  for every £100. of the Value	0  0  w		650
	Garden Seed, not particularly enumerated or described, - the lb.	006		0 O I x
	Worm Seed - - the lb.	O I 0		003
	Dot particularly enumerated or described,  or otherwise charged with Duty,  for every £ioo. of the Value	25 O O		650
Seed Lac. See Lac in Gum.  Sena - - - - the lb.	OIO		0  0
Senega Gum. See Gum.  Shawls manufa&ured of Hair or Cotton Wool, or any Mixture thereof,  for every £10q. of the Value Sheep’s W00L See Wool.  Sbdhc. See Lac in Gum.  Silk; viz.  1	Knubs or Hulks of Silk - the lb.	5° 0 0		12 IO 0
	030		Ov  O  O
1 —- Raw Silk, viz.  I	Bengal Raw Silk - - the lb.	030		009
	of any other Sort - the lb.	046	.	O I lx
	Wafte Silk - - the lb.	030	• to	009
Silver Coin, Foreign. See Bullion.  	Plate. See Plate.  Skins; viz.  	Calve Skins in the Hair, not tanned,  tawed, or in any way dressed,  the Dozen Skins	018		005
Skins, Dog Skim in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed,  the Dozen Skins	0  0  00		0 0 2
—— Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed,  the Skin	0  0  M  O	•	tt  O  0



144

£4° GEO. III.

A.D.1813,

C. 36.

TABLE (B.) — continued.	PERMANENT		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
	£• x. d.	£• Sm d*	£• s • d.
Skins, Hufle Skins undressed - the Skin	004	m m	O 0 I
	Leopard Skins undressed - the Skin	080		0 2 0
	Martin Skins undressed - the Skin  	Seal Skins in the Hair, not tanned,  tawed, or in any way drefied,	010	“	OO3
the Skin  	Squirrel Skins undrefled	0 0 2	-	O  O  SL
the 100 Skins	094		024
	Tyger Skins undressed - the Skin  Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,	080		020
for every j£ioo. of the Value Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,	0  0  r*		650
for every £\oo. of the Value	50 O O	.	12 10 0
Snuff - - - the lb.  Subjeft also to a Duty of Excife. Socotorina Aloes. See Aloes.	O 1 4		004
Spikenard - - the lb. Spirits ; viz.  ■ ■■ — - Arrack - - the Gallon  	Brandy - • the Gallon  	Geneva - - the Gallon	024  Ol8  Ol6  Ol6		007  005 0 0 4! 0 0 4I
— Rum - - the Gallon Cape of Good Hope, its Territories	OIO	m “	003
or Dependencies - the Gallon Spirits are subject also to a Duty of Excife.	OIO	-	003
Squills - the cwt.	O4O	.	OIO
Squinanthum - - the lb. Squirrel Skins. See Skins.  Stick Lac. See Lac in Gum.  Stockings of Cotton,	0 0 8		002
for every £100. of the Value  Storax; viz.  	Calamita or Liquida - the lb.  	in the Tear or Gum - the lb.	50 O O  010.  068	-	12 10 0  003  018
Succades - - the lb.	026	•	007}
Sugar - - the cwt. For the Conditions under which a Portion of the Duties on Sugar may be suspended according to the Average Price of Sugar as publifhed	i 10 6	■	096

L,ooQle

1  Table (B.)—continued.	PERMANENT		Temporary  or
	Duty.	Drawback.	War Duty.
in the London Gazette, when such Price shall exceed the Sura of 60s. the cwt.;— See the Ad to which this Schedule is annexed.  For the Rules, Regulations and Conditions, under which the Lord’s Coramiflioners of His Majeity’s Treasury are authorized to fuf-pend, according to the Average Price of Sugar as published in the London Gazette, either ix. in the cwt. 2s• in the cwt. or 3/. in the cwt. being Part of the Temporary or War Duty on Sugar. See 49 Geo. IIT. Cap. 98. and the Ad to which this Table is annexed.  The Duties on Sugar imported into Great Britain are to be continued in force until the 25th March 1815. See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.  ! Sugar Candy ; viz.	£. x. d.	£. x. d.	£. X. d.
[— Brown - the cwt. ]	White - the cwt.	4 IO O 740	-	12 6 I l6 O
Talc ... the lb	006	_ m	OO In
Tamarinds - - the lb.  Tea, imported by the United East India Company,  for every £100. of the Value Which Value shall be afcerlained according to the gross Price at which such Tea shall have been fold at the Public Sales of the said Company, without any Dedudiou or Abate-j ment whatever.  1 Tea is also subject to a Duty of Excife.  1 Teake Wood. See Wood.	006  600	600	O O
Terra Japonica - - the lb. [Thread; viz*. Cotton Thread,	0 0 8	-	0 0 2
for every £100. of the Value TincaL See Borax unrefined.	50 O 0	-	12 IO O
Tobacco - the lb. Having been delivered out of the Warehoufe for Home Trade, Con-1 fumption or Manufedure in Great Britain, and afterwards manufac-1 turned according to Law, into Short 54 Geo. III. L	0 0 8  Digil	iized by G O O *	OOl%  '  3le

Table (B.)— continued*

Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco or Carrot Tobacco, and exported -	-	the	lb.

And besides, for every lb. of such Carrot Tobacco Tobacco is also subject to a Duty of Excife. Tortoife Shell; viz.

■■	--- ■ ■ Manufa&ures of,

for every £ 100. of the Value

------------rough	and	umnanufa&ured,	the lb.

Tragacanth Gum. See Gum.

Turbith ... the lb. Turmeric -	the	lb.

Turpentine, Oil of. See Oil.

Tutiac Lapis. See Lapis.

Tyger Skins. See Skins.

Vermicelli ... ^the lb. [Sr* the Note under the Head of Provifions.] Vermillion or Cinnabar	-	the	lb.

Walking Canes. 1 Walking Sticks. > See Canes.

Wanghee Canes. J Wax ; viz.

----Bees Wax, unmanufa&ured - the	cwt.

----White or manufa&ured	-	the	cwt.

----Candles. See Candles.

PERMANENT		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£• 1. d»	£. s. d.	£. s. d.
-	006	—
-	001	—
50 O 0		12 10 0
032	-	0 0 9|
020	.	006
006		0 0 i\
006	•	0  0
Ol8	1 -	O  O
2 12 0		0 13 0
4 l8 O		146

PERMANENT

Duty.

Drawback.

WINES; viz.

■ ■ - French Wine imported in a Britifti-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

—	-	-	-	not imported in a Britifh-built Ship,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	—	-	-	exported to any British Colony or

Plantation in America, to any Bri-tifh Settlement in the East Indies, to China, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Pofleflions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America the Tun containing 252 Gallons

£. I.  65 13 6	£. t.
0  0  0  t"*	
	59 *7 °





Table (B.)—continued’.	PERMANENT	
	Duty.	Drawback.
WINES, French Wine exported to any other Place,	£. j. d.	£. s. d.
the Tun containing 252 Gallons  	German Wine. See Rhenilh Wine.  	Hungary Wine. See Rhenifh Wine.  	Madeira Wine imported in a Britilh-built		54 12 O
Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons  	Madeira Wine not imported in a Britifh-  built Ship,	44 3 0	
the Tun containing 252 Gallons  	 ... exported to any British Colony  or Plantation in America ; to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Pofleflions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America,	47 6 6	
theTun containing 252 Gallons — ... exported to any other Place,	-	39 18 °
theTun containing 252 Gallons  	Rheuifh, German and Hungary Wine:  		 - - - imported in a British built Ship,		3615 0
the Tun containing 252 Gallons  	— ... not imported in a Britifh-built  Ship,	65 13 6	
the Tun containing 252 Gallons  		 ... exported to any British Colony or  Plantation in America ; to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Poffefiions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United Statqs of America,	O  O  O	
theTun containing 252 Gallons 		 - - exported to any other Place,	-	59 6 6
the Tun containing 252 Gallons  —	 the Produce of His Majefty’s Settlement  of the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependencies thereof, imported in a Britifh-built Sliip,		54 1 6
the Tun containing 252 Gallons 			 - - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship,	14 7 0	—*
theTun containing 252 Gallons  —	 • - exported to any British Colony or  Plantation in America; to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or ' Pofleflions of the Crown of Portugal, in South America 5 or to any L 2	00  00	



Table ( B.) — continued.

WINES of the Cape of Good Hope, continued.

of the Territories of the United States of America,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	-	- exported to any other Place,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

Portugal, Spanifh, and all Wine not other-wife enumerated or described, imported in a Britiih-buik Ship,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

•	-	not imported in a Britifh-built Ship,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

•	-	exported to any British Colony or

Plantation in America; to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or PofTeffions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	-	exported to any other Place,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons

Wine is subject also to a Duty of Excife.

PERMANENT

Duty.

£. s. d.

43 * °

46 6 o

Drawback.

£. t. d.

13 6 o 1250

'Ti .





39	0

36 15 o

Wood ; viz.

---- Ebony, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

---- Red Wood, theTon containing 20 cwt.

— Rofe Wood -	- the cwt.

---- Teake Wood(a ), 8 Inches square, or

upwards, the Load, containing 50 cubic Feet Wool; viz.

---- Carmenia Wool. See Goat Hair

in Hair.

■ ■■	. Cotton Wool - the ioolbs.

---- -	Articles	manufactured

of, or any Mixture thereof, not particularly enumerated or described, for every j€ioo. of the Value — Lamb* Wool. Sheeps Wool.

—Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool, the cwt.

Worm Seed* See Seed.

(a) [Repealed, r.66. f 1. pojt,] IQ

PERMANENT		Temporary \ or  War Duty. \
Duty.	Drawback.	
£• /• d.	£• /. d.	*. d.
6 IO O	-	112 6
I IO O	-	076
1 16 O	•	090
I 4 4	-	061
087	-	0  CO
O  O  O	•	12 IO
064	-	O X





A.D. 1813.

540 GEO. III.

C.3 6.	149

Table (B.)—continued.	PERMANENT		T erri pora^ or
	Duty	Drawback.	War Duty.
Yarn; viz.	£. /. d.	£. s, d.	£. t, d.
	 Cotton Yarn - - the lb.	008	-	002
Zedoaria - - the lb.  Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being herein enumerated or described, or other-wife charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great	010		003
Britain - for every jSioo. of the Value Goods, Wares and Merchandize, not being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being herein enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in	0  0  0		O  0  «  M
Great Britain, for every £ 100. of the Value :	N  v-n  O  O	-	650

THE Value of such of the Goods, on which the Duties fet forth in this Table are charged according to the Value thereof, which have been and or shall be imported into the Port of London, either by the United Company of Merchant* of England trading to the East Indies, or by any other Perfons authorized to trade within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said Company, shall be ascertained according to the Grofs Price at which such Goods respectively shall have been fold at the Public Sales of the said Company, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever; and the Value shall in like manner be ascertained, on such of the said Goods, which having been imported into any Port of Great Britain, except London, shall have been permitted to be removed to London, for the Purpofe of being used or consumed in Great Britain ; — See the 53 G. 3. c. 155. and the Aft to which tins Table is annexed.

Tor the manner in which the Value of such of the Goods whereon the Duties fet forth in this Table are charged according to the Value, and which shall be imported into any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of London, either by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or by any other Perfons authorized to trade within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said Company shall be ascertained, and for the Rules, Regulations and Conditions for afcer-taining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value, and for the Penalties and Forfeitures to which such Goods are subject and liable; — See the 27 G. 3. c. 13. the 53 G.3. c. 15$ 5 and the Aft to which this Table is annexed.

For the Conditions, Rules and Regulations under which the Home Con-fumption Duty on such of the Articles enumerated or described in this Table, as shall be imported by the East India Company, may be secured by Bond; — See 30 G. 3. c. 59 5 and the Aft to which this Table is annexed. And, for the Conditions, Rules and Regulations respecting the Payment of the Home Confumption Duty on such of the said Articles, as shall be imported by Perfons authorized to trade within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company; — See the Aft to which this Tbale is annexed.

by *

lS°

51 G.3. c. 119.

yppeah'd.

The Seven Pub. li; Offices, and Tilltccs ailing therein, continue (1»

His Majesty nay appoint Justices to fill up Vacancies.

Attendance.

C-37-

54" GEO. III.

A.D.1S13.

C A P. XXXVII.

An Act for repealing an A£t, made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Adminiltration of the Office of a Juftice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlefexand Surry as lie in and near the Metropolis ; and for making other Provifions in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Seflion of Parliament.	[17th	December	1813.]

:w HE REAS an Ail was made in the Fifty first Year of the

cr

5:

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ail for repeal-

*	ing Two Ails, made in the Forty second and Forty /eventh Tears of i the Reign of His present Majesty /for the more effectual Adm in fi ration

*	of the Office of a Jufticey of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of 4 Middlelcx and Surry as lie in and near the Metropolisy and jor th$ 4 more effectual Prevention of Feionics, and for making other Provi-4 fions in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the First Day of June 4 One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence until the 4 Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next 4 Sejjion of Parliament : And whereas it is expedient that the said 4 Ail should he repealed, and more eftcilual Provifions made in lieu 4 thereof May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confcr.t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fam^, That the said Ail shall, from and after the passing of tliis Ail, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it enaib'd, That the several Public Offices now efta-blifhed in the following Places, namely, the Parilhes of Saint Mar-garet Wejlmivfery Saint James Wejlminjlery Saint Andrew Holhorn, Saint Leonard Shoreditch, Saint Mary Whitechapel and Saint Paul Shadavclly in the County of Middlefexy and the Parifh of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry y shall be continued, and the several Perfons appointed by His Majesty to execute the Office of Juftice of the Peace at each of the said Officer* by virtue of the said Ait, shall continue to execute the fame, together, with such other Jufticcs of the Peace for the said Counties refpeiliveiy as may think, proper to attend.

III.	And be it further enaited. That it shall and may be lawful for H is Majesty, from time to time, upon any Vacancy in any of the said Offices, by l>eath or otherwise, to appoint other fit and proper Perfons, being Justices of the Peace of the said Counties cf Middlesex and Surry refpeilively, to execute the Duties of the said Office in his Place ; and that one or more of the said Justices fb appointed as aforesaid, shall diligently attend at each of the said Public Offices every Day from Ten of the Clock in the Morning until Light of the Clock in the Evening, and at such other Times and Places as shad be found necefTary ; and that Two of the said Justices lb to be appointed as aforesaid, shall in like manner attend together at each of the said Offices from Twelve of the Clock at Noon until Three in the Afternoon.

3	IV.	And

CjOOglC

:‘.y

fi.V



AD.1813.	54“	GEO.	III.

C.37.	151

IV. And be it further enafted* That no Juftice or Justices of the Juftice Peace for the County of Middlesex, County of Surry, City and	ut

Liberty of Wejlminfler or Liberty of the Tower of London, or his or their Clerk or Clerks, or any Perfon for them, other than at the said Public Offices, shall directly or indirectly, upon any Pretence or under any Colour whatever, take or receive any Fee, Gratuity, Re-vard or Recompence, for any A& by him or them done or to be done in the Execution of his or their Office or Employ as Juftice or Mices of the Peace, Clerk or Clerks as aforesaid, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the Parifhes of Saint Mary It lone, Paddington, Saint Pmicros, Kenjington and Saint Luke at Chdsea, in the said County of Middlesex, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence ; to be re- Penalty, covered, one Moiety thereof to the Receiver appointed in the manner hereinafter mentioned, to be applied to the Purpofcs of this A&, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Cofts of Suit, to the Perfon or Perfon5 who shall sue for the fame in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by A&ion of Debt, Plaint or Information, wherein no Efloin, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed : Provided always nevertheless, that nothing Not to extend in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Fees taken 10 ,or at any General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace or at any Meeting of houfeVo" Juftu.es, for the Purpofe of licensing Alehouses, pursuant to an A61 j7ees tai<en at palT-d in the Twenty sixth Year of His late Majesty King George Office in Bow the Second, intituled yin A3 for regulating the manner of licensing Street.

AukojJes in that Part of Great Britain called England ; and for the G* 2‘ c* 31* w-j/y easy conviding Perfons felling Ale and other Liquors without * ■*'

Licence; or to any Fees taken at a certain Public Oince within the Liberty of Westminster, known by the Name of The Public Office in Bno Street ; or to any Fees taken by any Veftry Clerk or his Aflif-tant, as Clerk to any Juftice or Justices of the Peace acting within the Pariih in which such Juftice or Justices reside, for the Purpofe of enforcing the Payment of any Taxes or Affeffments ariling within the fame Parifli, or for the Purpofe of hearing and determining any Otfmce cognizable before a Juftice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of any Statute made and provided for the special Regulation or Government of such Parifli.

V. Acd be it further enacted. That the Justices so appointed to Account of attend at the said Seven Public Offices as aforesaid, and their Clerks *ees taken *t refj)cckively, ffiall, in Books to be provided for that Purpose, keep a olhce/delivered full, true and particular Account of all the Fees taken and received Monthly to Re-at each of the said Offices, together with all Penalties and Forfei- ceiver, and tares which shall have been recovered, levied or received in pursuance Amount of of any Adjudication, Convi&ion or Order, had or made at any of * ees Fa,d to the (aid Seven Public Offices, or any Procefs or Warrant issuing from the fame; to which said Books and Accounts the Receiver to be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned shall at all times have free Accefs ; and the said Justices shall, Once in every Month, deliver unto such Receiver such Account, verified upon Oath by such Juftice or Justices, their Clerk or Clerks, and such other Perfon or Perfons as {lull be employed in keeping such Accounts refpactively, or any Pirt thereof, before some Juftice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex or County of Surry, as the case may he ; which Oath such Lftice is hereby authorized and required to administer, and shall pay

L 4	and





1J2

What Penalt:es recovered at Public Offices, paid to Receiver.

Fees not accounted for, Receiver may sue for fame in any Court of Record.

Double Coils.

Special Bail. Reference.

C.37.	54*GEO.IIL	A.D.1813,

and cause to be paid the Amount of all such Fees unto such Receiver to be applied in manner hereinafter mentioned 5 any Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That al! such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, as are or shall be limited and made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, or to any Description of Perfons, other than the Informer or Informers who shall sue for the fame, or any Party aggrieved, and which shall be recoverable in a summary way before a Judice or Judices of the Peace, and which shall be recovered or adjudged before any Juf-tice or Judices of the Peace at either of the said Seven Public Offices, shall be accounted for and paid into the Hands of the Receiver to be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, by the Judice, Clerk, Condable, Officer or other Perfon or Perfons who shall levy or receive the fame ; to be applied by such Receiver in manner hereinafter mentioned; any Law, Statute or Cudom to the contrary notwith-danding.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if the said Judices appointed as aforesaid, or any other Perfon having received any such Fees at any of the said Seven Public Offices, shall neglect to account for and pay the fame in manner aforesaid ; or if any Judice, Judice's Clerk, Con-dable, Officer or other Perfon, who shall levy or receive such Penalties or Forfeitures, or Shares of Penalties or Forfeitnres, shall neglect to pay the fame into the Hands of such Receiver in manner aforesaid ; or if any Perfon having resigned such Office of Receiver, or having been removed from the fame, shall negleet, within Twenty one Days after Notice for that Purpose, to account for and pay into the Hands of the succeeding Receiver all such Sums of Money as shall remain in his Hands applicable to the Purpofes of this Aft, it shall be lawful for such Receiver for the time being, in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Defcription of Office, to sue for and recover the fame, with Double Cods of Suit, in any of His Majedy’s Courts of Record at Wejiminster, by Aftion of Debt or on the Cafe ; in which Aftion it shall be sufficient for such Receiver to declare as for Money had and received to the Ufe of such Receiver for the Purpofes of this Aft ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Aftion may, at the Difcretion of any Judge of such Court, be held to Special Bail, in such competent Sum as such Judge shall order and direct; and in any such Aftion againd any such Perfon so liable to account as aforesaid, the said Court in which such Aftion shall be brought may, if such Court shall think proper, at the Inftance of either of the Parties, refer the Account in Difpute, in a summary manner, to be audited by any Officer of the said Court, or other fit Perfon at their Difcretion, who may examine both Plaintiff and Defendant upon Oath (which Oath the said Perfon shall have Power to adminider), and upon the Report of such Referee, unless either of the Parties shall shew good Caufe to the contrary, such Court may make such a Rule or Order, cither for the Payment of such Sum as upon such Report shall appear to be due, or for daying the Proceedings in such Cause, and upon such Terms and Conditions as to the fame Court shall appear reasonable and jud ; or the said Court may order Judgment to be entered up by Confeffion for such Sum as upon such Report shall appear to be due.

VIII. Pro-



A.D. i8i3*

54° GEO. III.

C-37-	1/3

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of the Receiver may Death of any Receiver continued or appointed by virtue of this Adi, or of any Perfon having resigned or been removed from such Office, or ceafedReceiver! of auy of the other Perfons whom the said Receiver for the time and recover from being is authorized to sue as aforesaid, then and in such case the Executors. Receiver for the time being may m his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Description of Office, sue for and recover such Sum of Money as shall have been remaining in the Hands of such deceased Receiver or other Perfon, applicable to the Purpofes of this Adi, or the Executors or Adminiitrators of such Perfon deceased; in which A&ion it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff in Subftance to state that the Deceafed was indebted to the Plaintiff for Money had and received for the Purpofes of this Adi, or that the Deceafed died pof-feffed of Money had and received for the Purpofes of this Adl> whereby an Albion accrued to the Plaintiff to demand and have the fame of such Executors or Adminiftrators ; and the like Adlion shall and may be brought against any Executors or Adminiffrators of Executors or Adminiftrators; in all which Adlions, the Defendant or Defendants may plead in like manner and avail themselves of the like Matters in their Defence, as in any Adlion founded upon simple Contracts of the original Teftator or Inteftate j and in nil A&ions to be brought by such Receiver by virtue of this A dl, Proof of the Plaintiffs acting in the Execution of such Office shall be sufficient Evidence of his holding the fame, unless the contrary can be shown in Evidence by the Defendant or Defendants in such Adlion.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful His Majesty in for His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, by and with the Advice Council may

of His or their Privy Couneil, to direct the Salaries hereinafter men- or<ier Salaries to tioDed, to be paid to the Justices so appointed to attend each of the Julllces* fud Seven Public Offices, for their Time and Trouble, and such further Sums for the Expences of the said Offices, and for the Payment of Clerks, Peace Officers, and others therein emploved, in such manner as to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, by and with the Advice of His or their Privy Couneil, shall seem meet : Provided Provifo. always, that the yearly Salary paid to each of the Justices shall be Six hundred Pounds, clear of all Taxes and Dedudlions whatever:

Provided also, that the whole Charges attending the said Offices (the said Salaries being included) shall not exceed the annual Sum of Twenty four thousand Pounds over and above the necessary Dif-burfements for hiring and repairing the Houfes or Buildings wherein the said Seven Public Offices shall be held.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Receiver appointed by Receiver con

virtue of the Adi hereinbefore recited and repealed, may be continued unued in Office, in his said Office,f it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his *" c/*fe ot Heirs and Succeffors, by and with the Advice of His or their Privy	J,s

Couneil, upon any Vacancy in the said Office of Receiver by Deatn appoint another, or otherwise, to appoint any other proper Perfon, not being one of | su.

the Justices appointed to act at either of the Offices aforesaid, to be

the Receiver of the said Seven Public Offices ; which said Receiver, Duty of Re-

or the Receiver now appointed under and by virtue of the hereinbe- ceivec.

fore recited Ad, shall keep an exact and particular Account of all

such Monies as shall be received by him by virtue of any Provifions of

this Adl, and shall apply the fame Quarterly in Difcharge of the

Salaries, Expences and Charges attending the said Public Offices,

and





»54

Receiver to render Accounts.

Allowance to Receiver.

Deficiencies provided for.

H's M;jelly in Council may alter Situation of Offices.

'What Af)* may be done by

C. 37.	54°GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

and the carrying this Ad into Execution, and shall make all such Contrads and Difburfements as shall be necessary for the hiring, fitting up and furnishing proper and sufficient Houfes or Buildings, wherein the said Seven Public Offices shall be held, in such manner as His Majessy, his Heirs and Succeflors, by and with the Advice and Confent of His or their Privy Couneil, shall think proper to dire A and appoint; of which said Premifes so to be hired, and the Fixtures and Furniture thereof, and of all other Neceflaries to be purchased for the Purpofes of this Ad, the Property or Interell so acquired therein shall be veiled in the Receiver for the time being, who shall and may in like manner fell, assign and dispose of the fame or any Part thereof, under the like Diredions and Appointment as Occafion shall require; and such Receiver shall forthwith after his Appointment prepare proper Plans and Eftimates of all such Contrails and Difhurfements as shall be necessary for the Purpofes afore, said, and shall deliver the fame to His Majelly’s Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department; and such Receiver shall further do and execute all such other lawful Matters and Things towards the Eilablifhment of the said Seven Public Offices, and towards the carrying this Ad into Execution, as His Majessy, his Heirs and Succef-fors, by and with the Advice of His or their Privy Couneil, shall from time to time think proper to direct.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Receiver shall every Six Months, and oftener if required, deliver to the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commifiloners of His Majefly’s Treasury for the time being, a full and particular Account of all Monies by him received and paid as aforesaid, with Vouchers for the fame ; which Account shall be verified upon Oath before any Juf-tice or Baron of any of His Majeily’s Courts of Record at Wejl-minjler ; and such Receiver for His Care and Pains in the Execution of such Office, shall and may retain to his own Ufe, out of the Monies so received by him as aforesaid, such Sum not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, as His Majessy, his Heirs and Succeflors, by and with the Advice of His or their Privy Couneil, shall direct and appoint: Provided always, that if it shall appear that the Monies hereinbefore directed to be applied by the said Receiver, in Difcharge of the Salaries, Expences and Charges attending the said Seven Public Offices, and the carrying this Ad into Execution as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to defray the fame, the Deficiency shall be made up and supplied out of the Confolidated Fund ; and if at the End of any Year there shall be any Surplus in the Hands of such Receiver, he shall pay the Amount of such Surplus into the Receipt of His Majefly’s Exchequer, and the fame shall be carried to and made Part of the said Confolidated Fund.

XII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majessy, his Heirs and Succeflors, by aud with the Advice of His or their Privy Couneil, to make such Alterations in the Places where any of the said Seven Public Offices shall be situated; or to make such Alterations in the Hours of Attendance therein, and to make all such other Regulations to be observed in conducting the fame, as He or they from time to time shall think proper.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That where by any Law now in being or hereafter to be made, any Ad is directed or authorized

to





I

A.D.1813.	£4°GEO.III.	C.37*	155

lobe done by any Juftice or Justices of the Peace refilling in or Jufticeaftingin nr or next the Parilh or Place where any Offence, or other Matter ncxl Public cognizable before them shall be committed or shall arise, the fame °thce* Jurild?ction shall and may be exercised by a Juftice or Juilices acting in inch of the said Seven Public Offices as may be situated next or tear stich Parifh or Place.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no Justices incapa-JQilices of the Peace appointed as aforesaid shall, during the Continu- of fitting in arce in such Appointment, be capable of being elected or of fitting

fc Members of the House of Commons.	f

XV.	And be it further enacted, That no Juftice, Receiver or Not to vot'* at Constable, nominated and appointed as aforesaid by virtue of this hleftmnsfur Act, shall, during the time he or they shall continue in their re- 1>a,l,amcut* fpfctire Offices, or within Six Months after he or they shall have

the fame, be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Middhfex or Surry, or for the City and Liberty of IVtjlrr.inJIcr, or the Borough of Southwark refpeClively ; nor shall, by Word, Meflago, Writing, or io any other manner, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give, or to dissuade any Elector from giving his Vote for his Choice of any Pertan to be a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Counties, or for the said City and Liberty of IVcjlminjUr or Borough of Soarkwark; and every such Juftice, Receiver or Constable as Penalty, aforesaid, offending therein, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety tbtrtof to the Ule of the Poor of the Pariffi or Place where fiich Offence shall be committed; to be recovered by any Perfon that shall sue for the fame, by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVcJlminJlcr, in which no Efioin, Protedlion, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; such Aclion to be brought Limitation of within the Space of One Year after such Offence so committed: Action*. Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this A& shall extend or be l>rovtf0, cemilrued to extend to fubjedfc any such Juftice, Receiver or Con-fLble as aforesaid, to any Penalty or Penalties for any A& or Acts done by him or them, at or concerning any of the said Elections, in thz Difcharge of his or their Duty or Duties in their said refpec-tiTe Capacities.

XVI.	And be it further ena&cd, That the Jultices appointed as juaiccs to em-aforefaid shall in their respective Offices retain and employ a fuffi- ploy Couftables. dent Number of fit and able Men, subject to the Approbation of

His Majefty’s Secretary of State for the Home Department, whom they are hereby authorized and empowered to swear in to act as Condoles, for preferring the Peace and preventing Robberies and other Feionics, and apprehending Offenders against the Peace within the said Counties of Middlesex and Surry respectively, as well by Night as by Day; which said Conftahles so appointed and sworn as aforesaid, shall have all such Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have by virtue of any Law or Statute now made or hereafter to be made; and shall obey all fucli lawful Commands as they if ill from time to time receive from the said Juft ices for the apprehending Offenders, or other wife conducing themselves in the Execution of their said Office or Employment; and such Justices, or

any







Provifo.

Provilo.

Receivers to pay Conftable*.

Conftables may apprehend ful-pecltd Per Ions.

• f Sit.

f Sic.

17 Ci *. c 5.

any Two of them, shall and may at any time dismiss from his said Employment every such Constable belonging to their respective Offices, whom they shall think remiss or negligent in the Exe-cution of his Duty, or otherwise unfit for the fame, and appoint, subject to such Approbation as aforesaid, others in their Stead : Provided always, that no greater Number than Twelve shall at one and the fame time be so retained as aforesaid, at any one of the said Public Offices : Provided also, that if any Pcrfon so appointed a Constable as aforesaid ffiall be dismissed from his said Employment as aforesaid, all Powers and Authorities vested in him as a Constable under and by virtue of this A61, ffiall immediately cease and determine, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver out of the Monies hereinbefore directed to be applied in Difcharge of the Salaries, Expences and Charges attending the said Public Offices, shall and may pay to the Conftables so appointed as aforesaid, for their Trouble and Attendance as aforesaid, such Sum as may from time to time appear reasonable to His Majcfty’s Secretary of State for the Home Department, and any extraordinary Expences they shall appear to have been necessarily put to in apprehending Offenders, and executing the Orders of the Justices acting under and by virtue of this Adi; such extraordinary Expences being first ex» mined and approved of by the Justices attending the Office in which such Conftables shall have been respectively appointed.

* XVIII. And whereas divers ill disposed and suspected Perfons 4 and reputed Thieves frequent Places of Public Refort, the * Avenues leading thereto, and the Streets and Highways, and 4 Places adjacent, with Intent to commit Felony on the Perfons and 4 Property of His Majefty’s Subjedls there being; and although 4 their evil Purpofes are sufficiently manifest, the Power of His 4 Majefty’s Justices of the Peace, to demand of them Sureties for 4 their Good Behaviour, hath not been of sufficient Effedl to 4 prevent them from carrying their evil Purpofes into Execution Be it enacted, That, from and after the pafiing of this Adi, it shall and may be lawful for any Constable, Headborough, Patrole, Watchman or other Perfon to apprehend every such suspected Perfon or reputed Thies, and convey him or them before any Juftice of the Peace ; and if it ffiall appear before the said Juflice upon the Oath of One or more creditable f Witnefs or Witnefies, that such Perfon or Perfons so brought before him, by such Constable, Headborough, Patrole or Watcliman, or by any other Perfon whatever, as well within the said Counties of Middlesex and Surry, or f elsewhere, is or arc a Perfon or Perfons of evil Fame and a reputed Thief or Thieves, and such Perfon or Perfons ffiall not be able to give a satisfactory Account of himself or themselves, and of his or their way of living, and it ffiall also appear to the Satisfadlion of the said Juftice that there is a just Ground to believe that such Perfon or Perfons was or were in such Public Place of Refort, Avenue, Street, Highway or Place adjacent as aforesaid, with such Intent as aforesaid, every such Perfon ffiall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond, within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled dn dd to amend and make more effeQual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and dijorderly Perfons, and to Houfes of Cor red ion.

■	 Goo3l£X* And

AJ). 1813.-	54®	GEO.	III.

c-37-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Convi&ion shall kb the following Form of Words, as the case may happen, or in at other Form of Words to the like Effedt:

DE it remembered, That on the	Day	of

u	in	the	Year of our Lord

A.B. is brought before me C. D. Esquire, one of His Majefty’a Justices of the Peace in and for the County of [*r, City, Liberty or Place, as the case may be'], and charged before me the said Juftice with being a Rogue and Vagabond ; he the said A. B. having been apprehended on the	Day of

in a certain	called	in	the Parifh

of	in the said County [or, City, etcetera, as the cafe

may be] ; and it appearing to me the said Juftice, on the Oath of

a credible Witnefs, that the said A.B. is a Perfon of evil Fame and a reputed Thies; and the said A.B. on his Examination before me not being able to give a fatis-fadory Account of himself, or of his way of living, and it also appearing to the Satisfaction of me the said Jultice, that there is pi Ground to believe the said A. B. was in such aforesaid, with Intent to commit Felony on the Perfon or Property of His Majefty’s Subjedts there being ; I do therefore, in pursuance of an Adt parted in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled \Jhere insert the Title of this A8], convict Lm the said A.B, of the said Offence, and adjudge him to be a Rogue and Vagabond, within the Intent and Meaning of tie Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Mijedj King George the Second, intituled An A a to amend and male more ejfe3ual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Perfons, and to Houfes of Corredion ; and that he for his said Offence be committed to the House of Corredion for the said County, until the next General or Quarter i- e case may be] Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the hid County-City or Place, [or the case may be] then and there to be further dealt with according to Law. [If the Party be committed for a less time than until the SeJJtons, then fay, there to Kmam for the Space of ]•’

And that such Convidfion shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed or fet aside, or adjudged void or insufficient, for want of any other Form of Words whatever 5 bot shall the fame be removed by Certiorai into His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enadfed, That if any Per-foa shall think himself aggrieved by the Judgment of such Jullice as aforesaid, such Perfon may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the rext General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Caufe of Complaint shall have arisen, loch Perfon at the time of his Convidtion entering into a Recog-azmee with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned personally to appear at the said Seffions to try such Appeal, and to abide the farther Judgment of the Justices at such Seffions assembled ; and in afe such Convidfion (Hal) be affirmed at such Seffions, the said Justices may adjudge such Perfon to be a Rogue and Vagabond,

and

*57

Form ofCou-vjdtion.

17 G.a. c. 5-

Gertiorari.

Appeal.

Rec^nizance.



i58	C.37.

540 GEO. III.	A.D. 1813.

Incorrigible

Rogue.

17 G. 1, c.5.

Warrant.

ProvUb.

Provifo for L«»rd Mayor,

& c. of London us 10 Jurildidion in Southwark.

And for Dean

and High Stew* ard of Weft-minfter.

Officers and Pa-troles of Row Street Office to act asConftables.

f Sit,

and proceed againll such Perfon in the fame manner as they might have done if such Rogue and Vagabond had been committed to the House of Corredltan until such General or Quarter Sellions; and in case such Perfon shall not appear pursuant to the said Recognizance, the Perfon so convicted by such Jultice shall be deemed an incorrigible Rogue within the Intent and Meaning of an Adl made and palled in the Seventeenth Year of His late Majelly’s Reign, intituled sIn AS to amend and make more ejfcftual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vaga~ bonds, and other idle and disorderly Perfons, and to Hovfes of Correction ; and the said Jullices at such Sefiiong, or any Two of them, shall issue their Warrant to apprehend and commit the Perfon so deemed an incorrigible Rogue to some House of Corredtion or Common Gaol within their Jurifdiction, there to remain until the next General or Quarter Sellions for the said County, [Liberty, or City, as the case may be,] then and there to be further dealt with according to Law : Provided always, that no Perfon convicted under this Adl shall be deemed subject or liable to Punilhment by Whipping.

XXL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be conltrued to extend to deprive the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, of any Rights, Privileges or Jurifdidlions, which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised or enjoyed, within the Town and Borough of Southwark and the Liberties thereof; or to prevent the Mayor of the City of London for the time being, and such of the Aldermen of the said City who have borne the Office of Mayoralty, and the Recorder of the said City for the time being, from acting as Jullices of the Peace within the laid Town and Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties thereof, in such and the like manner as they could or might have done in case this Adi had not been made.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Adl shall extend or be conltrued to extend to deprive the Dean of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter Westminster for the time being, or the High Steward of the City and Liberty of Westminster for the time being, or his lawful Deputy, of any Rights, Privileges or Jurifdidlions which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised or enjoyed within the said City and Liberty, in such and the like manner as they could or might have done in case this Adi had not been made.

* XXH I. And whereas it is expedient that the Officers and 4 Patrole belonging to the said Public Office in Bow Street, Ihould 4 be sworn in as Conllables, and be empowered to act within the 4 Limits of the several Counties of Middlesex, Surry, EJfcx and Kent, 4 the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the Liberty of the Tower * of London ;* Be it therefore further enadlcd, That it llrall and may be lawful for any Two Jullices belonging to the said Public Office in Bow Street (the Chief Magiftrate of such Office for the time being, being one) being Jullices of the said several Counties, City and Liberties, to administer to such Perfons respectively an Oath duly to execute the Office of Conllable within the Limits aforesaid; and each of such Perfons being sworn shall have Power to act as a Con-ftable for the Prefervation of the Peace, and for the Security of Property againll Felonies and other unlawful Modes of obtaining the lame f, within any and every of the said several Counties, City and Liberties, and for apprehending Offenders againll the Peace, as well



^.ooQie

JS9

A.D.1813.	54°GEO.III.	C.	37,38.

by Night as by Day ; and within the Limits aforesaid, every such Con liable shall have all such Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Conflable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have within his Conftablewick : Provided always, that when any fucn Provifo. Contlable shall be difmifTed from his said Employment, or cease to belong to the said Public Office in Bow Street, all Powers and Authorities, Allowances, Emoluments, Privileges and Advantages, veiled in the Perfon so dismissed or ceasing to belong to the said Office, shall immediately cease and determine.

XXIV. And be it further enabled. That this Aft shall continue Continuance of in force until the Firfl Day of June One thoufarrd eight hundred and twenty, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Aft for allowing a certain Proportion of the London Militia to enlist into the Regular Forces for the vigorous Profecution of the War ; also, a certain Proportion to enlist annually into the Regular Forces j and for completing the said Militia.

[17th December 1813.]

4 \TJHEREAS Two Regiments of Militia have been raised in

•	W and for the City of London, by virtue of Two feveral

4 Act? of Parliament, one of them pafTed in the Thirty sixth Year of 3^ G.3. c.92. 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Jin A3 for amending 4 asd reducing into One A3 of Parliament Two several A3s passed in 4 the Thirty fourth and Thirty fifth Tears of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London ;

4 andfor the further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the 4 said City ; and the other of them, passed in the Thirty ninth Year 39 G. 3. c. Si. 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to explain 4 and amend an A3, passed in the Thirty Jixth Tear of the Reign of His 4 present Majesty, intituled An A3 for amending and reducing into One 4 Ad of Parliament Two several A3s passed in the Thirty fourth and 4 Thirty Jiftb Tears of the Reign of His present Majesty for the better 4 ordering the Militia of the City of London 5 and for the further 4 regulating the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City : And 4 whereas an A61 was pafTed in the Fifty firll Year of the Reign of 4 His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to allow a certain Proportion 51 G. 3. c.so. 4 of the Militia of Great Britain to enlist annually into the Regular 4 Forces ; and to provide for the gradual ReduSion of the said Militia ;

4 and it was thereby enacted, that the said Aft should not extend to the 4 CHy of London la); And whereas an Aft has been pafTed in this c*

4 present Seffion of Parliament, intituled An A3 to enable His Majesty 4 to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the 4 United Kingdom, for the vigorous Profecution of the War; and $ 20*

4 it is thereby enacted, that the said Aft shall not extend to the 4 City of London: And whereas by an Aft pafTed in this present c*x7*ante*

4 Seffion of Parliament, intituled An A3 to enable His Majesty 4 to acccept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia of the City

*	of London, out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prof ecu-1 tion of the War, His Majesty has been empowered to accept the 1 Services, and to employ in any Part of Europe, such Part of the

{a) [No such Enadmnt appears.]

4 London





4 London Militia, not exceeding Three Fourths of the Number 4 actually serving in each Regiment of such Militia, as may make a	'

4 voluntary Offer of extending their Services to all Part9 0/ Europe :	r

*	And Whereas it is highly important that the most effectual Meafures 4 should be adopted for the vigorous Profecution of the War upon -4 the Continent of Europe, and it is uecefTary to provide a permanent

*	Supply of Men for His Majefty’s Regular Foroes: And Whereas

4 the City of London, notwithstanding the Exemptions from raising : 4 of Men for Military Service contained in their Charters and in '	4 the said recited A&s, are desirous, and have voluntarily agreed,

4 that His Majesty should be empowered to accept any Offers of a 4 Proportion of the Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers and Private 4 Men of the London Militia to transfer their Services into Regi- •: 4 ments of the Line, under certain Regulations; and that a certain 4 Proportion of the said Militia should be annually allowed to enlist 4 into His Majefty’s Regular Forces under certain Reftriftions :* t His Majesty May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and may accept Of- be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with fers of Propor- the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Militia to°enlift Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-into the Line. nty of the fame. That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to accept the Services, under the Regulations and Reftridlions specified in this Adt, of such Part of the present London Militia not exceeding in any case Three Fourths of the Number adfually serving in the said Militia, as shall be desirous of enlisting into His Majesty x	Regular Forces in manner hereinafter mentioned.

Number of	II. And be it further enadfed, That where any Number of Pi>

Men in a Com. rate London Militia Men shall be desirous of enlisting into any Regi-Pany*	ment of the Line of His Majefty’s Regular Foroes, which may

His Majesty be appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, as a Company or may appoint Companies of not less than One hundred Men to each Company, Officers from and His Majesty shall have signified his Intention of granting London Militia, Commiilions in His Majefty’s Regular Forces to any Officer or Battalions of Officers adf ually serving in the Regiment of London Militia, from Companies, &c. ^hich any such Company of Men shall volunteer to serve as afore-faid in His Majefty’s Regular Forces as Captain, Lieutenant and Enfign of any such Company; that in every such case it shall be lawful for such Men to enlist as such Company or Companies as aforesaid, and in every such case it shall be lawful for any Number of Non Commiffioned Officers, Corporals and Drummers of such Regiment of London Militia, not exceeding Five Serjeants and Six Corporals to every One hundred Men, to enlist with any such Company of Men as aforesaid ; and every Colonel and Commanding Officer of such Regiment is hereby required to discharge such Non Commiffioned Officers, Corporals and Drummers as shall be desirous of enlisting as aforesaid, not exceeding such Number as aforesaid, and it shall be lawful for His Majesty to attach such Company or Companies of Men to any Regiment of the Line of His Majefty’s Regular Forces so appointed by His Majesty, or to joiir togetherTany Number of such Companies and form the fame into an additional Battalion or additional Battalions of any such Regiment as # -	aforesaid, and in such case to appoint such and such Number of Field

and Staff Officers to any such Battalion or Battalions as His Majesty Provifo.	Audi think nccefiary: Provided always, that nothing herein contained

(hall



540 GEO. ML

C. 38.

itfl

&aH be construed to prevent any Number of Men Iefs than One hundred from enlisting as Part of a Company into any Regiment so appointed by His Majesty, under such Regulations, with respect to the Proportion of Officers and Non Commimoned Officers as His Majesty my think fit to appoint.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Officer so volunteering to serve in His Majefty’s Regular Foroes, with any such Company of Men as afortlaid, shall upon his Reduction be entitled to and receive the Half Pay of the Rank in which he shall have been serving at the time of his Redudion.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That the Number

of Men to be raised in either of the said Regiments under the lall recited Ad (£), palled in this Seffion of Parliament, by extending their Services to Europe as Militia, and under this Ad by Enlift-ment by Companies into such Regiments of the Line as may be appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, shall not altogether exceed Three Fourths of the Number of Private Men actually serving in such Regiment.	(b)	[r.	17. $ I. ante.']

V.	And, towards providing a Permanent Supply of Men for His Majefty's Regular Foroes, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty annually to accept the Services of such Men of the London Militia, not exceeding One Seventh Part cf the Number of Private Men in each of the said Regiments, as shall be willing to enlist into His Majefty’s Regular Foroes, under the Regulat:otrs and subject to the Reftridions hereinafter mentioned, but in addition to the Men now serving ip the said Militia who may enlist in Companies by virtue of the Provifions hereinbefore contained.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty by any Order or Orders, signed by His Maiefty’s Secretary of State, to name and appoint such and so many of the Regiments of His Majefty's Regular Forces as His Majesty shall think fit, to re cr.ve Volunteers from the London Militia under this Ad, out of other of the Regiments of such Militia named in any such Order; and it shall be lawful for auyNumber of Private Men, of each of such Rt^.ments of Militia, not exceeding the Proportion hereinafter mentioned, to enlist in the manner and under the Regulations herein mentioned into any Regiment as aforesaid, which, in any such Order of His Majesty, shall be named to receive Volunteers from such Regiments of Militia.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That His Majefty’s Principal Secretary of State shall, annually, afeertain the Number of Private Men that shall be allowed to enlist out of each Regiment of London Militia, so that the whole Number do not exceed One Seventh Part of each of the said Raiments; and His Majefty’s Secretary of State shall, annually, on or before the First Day of February, signify to the Commanding Officer of each of the laid Regiments the Number of Private Men that shall be allowed to enlist out of such Regiment respectively, under the Provifions of this Ad,

VIII.	And be if further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint such General or Field Officers especially authorized by His Majesty, or by the Commander in Chief of His Mijefty’s Forces for that Purpose, to insped, approve or reject the Private Men who shall be desirous of enlisting under this Ad, and loch Officers may approve of or reject such Private Men accordingly s

54 Geo. III.	M	Provided

Provifu

Officers volunteering tofervw in ReeuLrs to have Half Pjy.

Proportion of Men taken from London Miiicia.

Proportion of London Militia annually allowed to enhtL

His Majesty may app >int Regiments in which Militia Men may enlist.

Number of Men

to enliit.

His Majesty may appoint Officers to approve or xcjeifc Men.





Age, Height, &c. of Men.

Commanding Officer of each Jfcegimeut shall read Hi*

M »jt ft\ ’• Order and explain Terms oflnrol-ment, Sec,

V Number who fl ail eni lt shall not he due Proportion, in whsvt cale further En-liftmeut m:y take place.

lit what case Hi*

Majcily may appoint further Periods.

Provifo.

A* Torn at 2*1' inber enlisted frum either Bugtment is af* cert lined, they shall he diT-chirked; and fhal^ii approved,

C.38.	54"	GEO.	III.	AJ).i8i3.

Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained shall extend to authorize any such Officers to reject any Private Men, desirous of enlisting as aforesaid, who shall be of the Height of Five Feet and Four Inches or upwards, and under the Age of Thirty five Years, and not disabled by Lamencfs or other Bodily Infirmity*

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Commanding Officer of each Regiment of London Militia shall, within Two Days after the Receipt of the Order as to Men enlifiing, cause such Regiment to be drawn out, and such Commanding Officer shall read, or cause to be read, by some Commiffioned Oncer to the Regiment so drawn out, His Maiefty’s Orders in delation to enlisting under this Ad, and {Hall cause the fame to be given out iu Orders, and shall in such manner as His Majtfty shall direct, explain to the Men the Terms upon which any Man serving in such Militia may enliH into His -Majefty’s Regular Forces under this Ad, and shall, on the Day next succeeding, cause his Regiment to be drawn out, and the Names of the Men who shall then voluntarily declare their Intention of enlisting to be written down, and if the Number of such Men shall exceed the Proportion allowed to enlist, such Excefs shall be reduced by Ballot to the Number authorized to enlist.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Number of Private Men in either of the Regiments of London Militia, who shall (when so drawn out as aforefaid) voluntarily de* dare their lnlerGion to enlist, shall not amount to the Proportion authorized to enli(t as aforesaid, then and in such case, a Book shall be opened by the Commanding Officer, and it shall be lawful for any other of such Men, not exceeding the Number necessary to complete the Number allowed to enlist under this Ad, at any time within Seven Days after the last Day of such Two Days on which such Regiment shall have been drawn out, to enter their Names in such Book as willing to enlist as aforesaid.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That in case the whole Number of Men allowed to enlist in any One Year under the Proviflons of this Ad, from each or either of the said Regiments, shall not have enlisted into His Majefty’s Regular Forces within the said Seven Days as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order of the Secretary of State, signified to the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, to appoint, from time to time, further Periods of Three Days each for enlisting into His Majefty’s Regular Forces* until the whole Number allowed to enlist shall have declared their Intention of enlisting ; and during any such Periods it shall be lawful for any Man to enlist under this Ad from such Regiment in manner aforesaid : Provided always, that Ten Days Notice shall, from time to time, be given to such Commanding Officer, and by him to his Regiment, of the several Days or Periods so to be appointed for enlisting previous to each such Period, and that there be an Interval of Fourteen Days at lead between each such Period of Three Days*

XII.	And be it further enacted, That so soon as the Number of Private Men to be enlisted from either of such Regiments shall have been ascertained in manner by this Ad diredca at each of Rich respective Periods as aforesaid, the Commanding Officer of such Regiment is hereby required to discharge all such Private Men so to be enlisted from the Militia; and every such Private Man so discharged as aforesaid, shall, if approved by the Officer to be ap^

v .	pointed





AJXi8i3.	54®GEO.IIL	C.38.	t$3

ported by Hk Majesty for that Purpose, immediately belong to the be *ttefted for

Regiment into which he shall have declared or shall declare his la- Regular Sen ice.

teotios to enlist, if he fhaU have enlisted into any Regiment of His

Majefty’s Regular Forces fpacified in His Majefty's Orders, or

frail belong if he shall not have enliited into any such Regiment

« aa enliited Soldier in His Majefty’s Regular Foroes, and every

such Man shall be thereupon immediately attested for such Service in

Hk Majelly’a Regular Foroes, and shall fas soon as conveniently

may be) be transferred to some Officer of the Regiment into which

he shall have enlilted, or such Officer of His Majefty’s Regular Forces

si His Majesty may have appointed to receive Meu enliited under

this A6l

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Lieu- Lieutenancy to tenancy of the City of London shall within Ten Days after the receiv- transmit to ing of any Order for that Purpofe from His Majesty, signified by His I*r**y Counci* Msjefty’s Secretary of State, transmit to His Majelty’s Privy Council Nmn^r dif-aa accurate Account, in Writing, of the Number of Perfons that shall charged, &c. have been difebarged from the (aid London Militia and enlisted as

aforesaid under this A&, which Account shall, in all cases where the fame may be neceftary, be transmitted by the Commanding Officer of each Regiment of such Militia to such Commissioners aa aforesaid for that Purpofe.

XIV.	Provided always, and bf it further enacted, That no Private No Perfon un-M3kta Man shall be entitled to enlist under this Ad who shall be iu der Confine-Conhseoeut under any Sentence of any Court Martial, or with a View mcnt* entitled to bang tried by any Court Martial, until he shall have suffered the jh^have^of-* Satinet of such Court Martial, or shall have been acquitted, or until fered Sentence fab Sentence shall have been remitted $ and that no Private Militia of Court Mar. Man shall be entitled to his Difcharge or to enlist under this Ad tial, &c.

who frail have been feotenced to any Punifhment by any Court Martial for any Offence committed within the Space of Three Calendar Months next before the time of his so offering to enlist, un-lth hr shall obtain the Confent of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment of Militia in which he shall be serving at the time of his being desirous of enlist ing as aforefaid-

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Serj^nt* ind lawful, with the Conlent of the Officer commanding either of the Corporal* may find Regiments, for any Number of Serjeants and Corporals, not ex- enhit* cetdkg the* Proportion of One Setjeant and One Corporal for every

Twenty Men enlisting from such Regiment, to enlist in like manner and at such Periods as Part of the (aid Quota into His Majefty’s Regular Forces ; and if any greater Number of Serjeants and Corporals, than such Proportion as aforesaid, shall he deiirous of enlisting as aforf-fed, fetch Number shall be reduced by Ballot to the Number authorized to enlift*

XVI* Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Aft not to infra A£k contained shall authorize any Officers appointed by His thorize eniiiiing, Mwrfty to enlist and receive Militia Men under this A£t, or any Com- ori^rULaf ™t0-•aadug Officer or other Officer or Non Cororoiffionwd Officer of any *01 duty dit- ^ Regiment aa afturefrid, or other Perfon, to enlist or persuade to enlist charged. m mcriwa say Militia Men, other than such as shall have beta duly tfeharged by the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regimeot «f bfifiua to which the Perfon defirou* of enlisting shall belong j and i my Officer fraH cafcft, or attempt to cnhft any London Militia Man,

M 2	fuch

L.ooQle

C.38.

54° geo. in.

A.D.1813.

On Production

listed, Names ditchjrged from Lilt of Men serving.

■f* Sic, Adj’U*nti of Militia 10 trinf-mit Returns of Men who have entitled under

such Man shall not be permitted to enter into the Regiment to which the Officer persuading him to enlist may belong.

. XVII. And be it further enabled, That upon the Produdion to OfficeTTcertf. Colonel or Commanding Officer of either of the Regiments of ficates of Men London Militia of a Certificate, under the Hand of any Juftice of the having been on- Peace of any County in Great Britain, or of any Magiftrate of any City, Borough, Town or Place therein, of any Private Mnn belonging to the Militia having voluntarily enlisted and been attelled for His MajelW’s Regular Forces as aforesaid (which Certificate every such Juftice or Magiftrate and Officer respectively is hereby required to give gratis), such Colonel or Commanding Officer is hereby required to cause the Perfon named in such Certificate to be discharged from-the Lift of Militia Men serving for the City of London, provided that the Number of Men authorized by this Ad to enlist shall not have’ previoufiy enlisted.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of each such Regiments f of Militia, shall, after the Commencement of every enlisting of Men under this Ad, and until the whole Number of Men allowed to enlist from his Regiment shall have enlisted, at the End of

„............  every	Week	after	each Period of enlisting in each Year, transmit to

A&toCornmiffi- the laid Commissioners of Lieutenancy an accurate Return of all the oners of Lieute • private Men who shall have enlisted under this Ad, specifying therein tnnlmit toOver- Christian and Surname of each Private Man, and the Ward and feersof the Poor Pari(h or Place to which he is allotted, or for which he was serving at auaccountofPri- the time of such enlisting ; and the said Commissioners of Lieutenancy vates so enlisted. shall immediately, upon the Receipt of such Returns, transmit to the respective Overleers of the Poor, or Governors or Managers thereof, an Account of the Men allotted to or serving for weir respective Parilhes or Places who shall have enlisted under this Ad, and all Allowances payable to the Wives and Families of any fiich Private Men shall cease from the time such enlisting shall have taken place.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in any voluntary Offer from the London Militia, which may be ordered by His Majesty, by virtue of this Ad, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or any succeeding Year, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, if he shall think fit, to order and direct that the Number so permitted to enlist into the Regular Foroes, from the said London Militia, may transfer their Services into that Part of the London Mi* litia serving in Europe, under the Provifions of the said last recited Ad (0) of this present Seffion of Parliament, or may enlist as Com* panics, or Parts of Companies, under the Provifions of this Ad, and m the manner hereinbefore preferibed with regard to the fpedfic Quota which each of the said Regiments is by this Ad required to furnilh.

(a) [r. 17. ante.]

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfoa serving in the London Militia, who shall be usually employed as Adjutant’s Clerk or Regimental Clerk, or as a Drummer, or as a Mufi-cian in the Band of the Regiment to which he shall belong, or shall be usually employed as an Armourer in such Regiment, shall be entitled to his Difcharge, or to enlist into the Regular Forces as Part of a Company, or m an Enliftment for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or any succeeding Year, under this Ad, unleft he

(hall

His Majesty may direct Number permitted to en-iilt in any Year, •o transfer Services to Furope, or to enlist in Companies.

Perfons enlisting without Confent Of Commanding Officer.



A.D. 1813 •

54° GEO. IIL

0.38*'

16$

feall obtain the Confent for that Purpofe of the Commanding Officer cf the Regiment in which he shall be then fencing.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commanding Commanding Officer.of either Regiment of London Militia to refuse Officer* noay rate discharge any Private Militia Man who shall desire his Difcharge to d,f<*ir5« for the Purpofe of being enlisted into the Regular Foroes, as Part of

a Company, or in an Enliftment for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or any succeeding Year, under this Ad, upon assigning in Writing to the General Officer commanding in the Diftrid within which such Regiment of Militia shall be quartered, or to the Adjutant General of His Majefty’s Foroes, where there shall not be such General Officer as aforesaid, such Caufe for his Refufal as shall be deemed sufficient by such General Officer or Adjutant General, as the case may be.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Perfott* dif-Pcribfl discharged from the London Militia for the Purpofe of being charged refuting enlisted into His Majefly’s Regular Forces as Part of a Company, to cnlift, or not or in an Enliftment for the Year One thousand eight hundred and *SntUme to be-fourteen, or any succeeding Year, under this Ad, shall notwithftand- iong toRegi-iag refuse to enlist pursuant to any Declaration of being desirous to ment from whidi enld, so made by him as aforesaid, or shall not be approved of by the discharged. Officer appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, then and in every

such case such Perfon shall continue to belong to the Regiment of London Militia from which he shall have been so discharged for the Purpofe of entitling as aforesaid notwithilanding any such Difcharge.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon who shall No Petfon be enJifted to serve in any Regiment so named and appointed as afore-fnd, as Part of a Company, or in an Enliftment for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or any succeeding Year, shall lent in the Regiment in which he shall have originally enlisted to

lent, and in no other Regiment whatever ; and no Perfon enlisting in any such Regiment shall on any Account or Pretence whatsoever be drafted into or serve in any other Regiment without his Consent, except in some Garrifon or Veteran Battalion, in case it shall be ne-cefiaiy or expedient to transfer such Perfon into any Garrifon or Veteran Battalion, on account of his being disabled, or for any other sufficient Caufe ; and every such Perfon may also be transferred from one Battalion to another ot any Regiment in which he may be serving.

XXIV.	And, for repbeing the Number of Men hereinbefore allowed to enliil by Companies or Parts of Companies, and annually, mto the Regubr Forces out of the London Militia, be it further

enaded. That there shall be raised from time to time, in manner Men r.iiftd to hereinafter mentioned, a Number of Private Militia Men, equal to rejlace those en-the Number of Rank and File, as shall enliil into His Majefty’s ld*cd ,n mi!n,,e* Regular Foroes, as well in Companies or Parts of Companies, as an- a tcr mcmioned* sadly, by virtue of this Ad.

XXV.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for His Hi* Majesty Majesty, when it shall appear to His Majesty to be necessary for the may order Men mart ipeedily completing the Number of Men to be raised for the ^o be raised by Militia, from time to time, under the Provifions of this Ad, to order ftlL°i[?rura md direct, under an Order of His Majesty in Couneil, that the f°r * U** Commissioners of Lieutenancy of the City of London, or the Cobweb or Commanding Officers of the Two Regiments of Militia,

aod the Commiffiooea Officers, Adjutants, Quarter Mailers, Staff

M 3	Seijeants,



drafted from R^eimcnt hi which enlisted.

C*3&	j4#	GEO*	III*	A.0.1813.

Serjelints, Non Comfnifliohed Officers and Drummers of the London Militia, duly authorized by their Commanding Officers for the time being, or by other proper Order or Warrant, by Beat of Drum or otherwise, in the Counties of Middlesex, EJsex, Snrry and Kent, or any of them, to raise Volunteers for the Regiments of London Militia, for the completing the Number of Men required to be raised and enrolled under the Provifions of this Aft, and to direct that the railing of Men by the City of London, under the Provifions herein* after contained, shall either cease or proceed together with fitch railing or enrolling of Men, by Beat of Drum or otherwise, at aforesaid, and every Volunteer so raised as aforesaid, shall take the following Oath 5 videlicet,

« J sf.B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful « * and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, his Heirs < and SuccefTors, and that I will faithfully serve in the London Militia « during the Term of Five Years, and thenceforth during the Re-« mainder of the War, and until the Expiration of Six Months after € the Termination thereof, to be reckoned from the Ratification of « any Definitive Treaty of Peace, unless I shall be sooner discharged.’

And every Man taking such Oath shall be enrolled to serve in the London Militia according to the Terms of such Oath, and such fevenl Enrolments Aiall take place, and such Oaths shall be administered m the manner in the said Afts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty directed with respect to 36 G.3.c.94, 'the Men raised by virtue of those Afts; or by any Juflice of the 39 G. 3. c8a.	Peace, or Deputy Lieutenant for the County in which fnch Volun-

teers shall have been raised, or m which the Regiment for which We (HaH have been raised shall be at the time of his joining such Regiment. Commanding XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Colonels or Com-Officers to tranf- manding Officers for the time being, of the Regiments of Militia for SiST'1*? d*	any	Men	(hall	be so raised as aforesaid, shall, at the Expiration

toUeuunanev. °^ewerY Month from the Commencement of enhfthi^ such Volunteers as aforesaid, transmit to the Commiflioners of Lieutenancy of the City of London, a Certificate of the Number of Men raised for their respective Regiments, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Aft annexed marked (A.)

Bounty paid uo- XXVI1. And be it further enacted, That a Sum not exceeding der such Rqpi- Twelve Guineas, shall be allowed and paid in refpedk of every Man I?*008 a*	w^° ke provided or raised for the London Militia as a Volunteer

^ajefty fluu	ky 3^ 0£	or otherwise, under the Provifions hereinbefore

* '	contained, and such Part of (uch Sum shall be applied towards the

Expences of procuring the Volunteer, and the remaining Part as a Bounty to the Volunteer, and such Bounty shall be paid or applied to the Ufe of every such Man, at such Times asid Places, and in such Proportions, as to any Advance of any Part thereof, and in such manner, and under and subject to such Regulations and Re-ftriftions as His Majesty shall, by any Order of liis Principal Secretary of State, by any Regulations from time to time made in that behalf, be pleated to order and direct, and it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to order any Receiver General in England to advance and pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or in relpe^t of any such Bounties, or any Advances in respect thereof as i&sty be ac-

ccfiary.

Goode

tftf

Volunteer* to take Oath.

Oath.

Enrolled.

A.D.i8i3*	54°	GEO.	EtL

O.38.	167

ctflary, out of any Public Monies in their (lands, or received or receivable by them, out of any Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and all Monies paid under any such Orders as aforesaid shall be good and valid, and be allowed to ail such Receivers General in their Accounts.

XXVII F. And be it further enacted, That of the Number of Perfoni to be raised for the London Militia, under this Adi, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct that such Proportion as He shall think fit, not exceeding One Fourth Part of the whole Number of Ptrfons to be raised within the fame Year, shall confrit of Boys of the Age of Fourteen Years and upwards, of such Height as His M^fty may direct, who shall be raised by Beat of Drum.

XXIX. And be it further enabled, That all the Provifions contained in any Ad of Parliament in force for the Puniihment of Mutiny tad Defertion ; and the better Payment of the Army and their Qcarters, in relation to the enliflingany Men for His Majcity’s Army, Sail, so far as the fame can be made applicable to the Men cnliiled

for the London Militia, be applied and ufed* and put in force by all Indices of the Peace and others, and all Perfons authorized to raise Men by Beat of Drum for the London Militia, and the preventing Fnnds and absconding by Perfons enlisted, and for the Protedion of Men baring hastily enlisted, as fully and effeduaily as if all such Pro-vifiens w-re repeated and re-enaded as to the railing of Men by Beat of Dram for the London Militia.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That all Provifions contained ia ary Ad in force for the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion ; and tN better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in relation to the enh fling of Apprentices, and the claiming of Apprentices by tfcrir Matters, and tne Punifhment of any Apprentices, and the Liability to Service after the Expiration of the indentures, and all other Pforifions in any such Ad in relation to Apprentices or their Matters, tall, from and after the passing of this Ad, extend to all Apprentices who shall enlist or enrol tuemfelves as Volunteers in the London Mrfiria, and the Matters of such Apprentices, as fully and effectually as if the fame were severally and leparatcly repeated and re-enaded a this Ad.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That no Allowance to the

Wbes and Families of London Militia Men granted by the said Ada of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of His present Majesty, liafl be granted to the Wife or Family of any Man who shall be raised to fierve ra the London Militia by Eeat-of Drum, under the Provifions hereinbefore contained, but all Allowances to be granted under the fod Ads, or either of them, to the Wives or Families of any Men nded after the passing of this Ad, shall be confined to the Wives or Families of Men raised by the City of London, in manner hereinafter mentioned.	4

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Hts Majesty to order and direct that a Number of Men shall be raised for the London Militia by the City of London, equal to the Number of Men who shall from time to time enlist into His Majefty’s Regular Foroes, as well in Companies or Parts of Companies as an-aadBy by virtue of this Ad, and such Men shall be raised and supplied by the several Wards within the said City of London, and the Liberties and Precinfts within the fame, to whom, from time to

M 4	time,

His Majesty may direct Boys to be enlisted for Militia.

Mutiny A6t as to entitling extended to Men railed by Beat of Drum tor London Militia.

Mutiny Ad reining to Apprentices extended to London Militia.



Allowance to Families 36 G.3. c.92. 39 G. 3. c.8a.

Men raised to replace thole enliiled by Wards to whom such were aliened.





l6 8

Lieutenancyto sift in raising Men in such ond fame manner as in raising Men for London Militia.

Lieutenancy to ifTue Precejts for raising Men.

Ten Guineas to he allowed Wards by il« Majesty for every Man Tailed under Aft

t fa

C. 38.	540	GEO.	in.	A.D.	r813.

time, the Men who shall have enlisted into His Majefty's Regular Foroes, and who shall be directed to be replaced, shall have been allotted or belonged ; and so many of such Men shall be railed and supplied by each and every of such Wards, as shall be equal to the Number of Men directed to be replaced who shall have been allotted or belonged to such Ward respectively, in the manner by the said recited Ads of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty deferibed in relation to providing Men for the said Militia of the City of London ; and for that Purpofe all the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said Ads, as far as the fame are applicable, and are not hereby altered, varied or repealed, shall be applied and practised for the Purpofe of raising the Men directed to be raised by this Ad, in as full and ample a manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Clauses, Matters and Things were again repeated and enacted in this Ad.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Commifiioners of' Lieutenancy for the City of London, and the Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council of the (aid City, and all Conftables therein, shall re-fpedively have full Power and Authority, and are hereby authorised and empowered and required, from time to time, to raise and provide the Number of Men by this Ad directed to be raised, and to do all Ads, Matters and Things necessary for carrying this Ad into Execution, in like manner, and as fully and effcdually as they are re-fpedively authorized, empowered or required to carry into Execution the said Ads of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of His present Majesty.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That Courts or General Meetings of the Commissioners of Lieutenancy of the said City of London shall be held in the said City of London, from time to time, as often as Occafion shall require, and at such Courts or General Meetings the Commissioners of Lieutenancy, or such of them as shall be present at such Meeting, shall issue Precepts for the railing such Men, by this Ad directed to be raised in the said several Wards, in the manner in the said Ads of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty directed, and such Men shall be respectively raised and provided in the said Wards within Twenty eight Days after the issuing of such Precepts.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That a Sum of Ten Guineas shall be allowed by His Majesty in respect of every man who shall be provided or raised for the London Militia under the Provifions lafUy hereinbefore contained, and shall be paid into the Chamber of London

. to the Account of the Commissioners of Lieutenancy, and shall be applied in manner hereinafter mentioned, and it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to order any Receiver General in England to advance and pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or in respect of any such Allowances, or any Advances with respect f thereof that may be necessary, out of any Public Monies in their Hands, or received, or receivable by them, out of any Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and all Monies paid under any such Orders as aforesaid shall be good and valid, and be allowed to all such Receivers General in their Accounts.

10	XXXVI.	And



A.D.1813*	54°	GEO*	III,	C.38.	x69

XXX VI. And be it further enacted, That such Sum of Moner Money which is the CommiilioneTS of Lieutenancy shall from time to time thina Lieutenancy necessary (together with the Allowances to be made by His Majefty	'

as hereinbefore is mentioned) for providing for the London Militia by Wards, in the Men required to be provided by the said City of London by virtue fame Propor-of this Ad, shall from time to time be provided and raised by all the tions as they several Wards of the said City, and the Liberties and Precinds Mcn* within the fame, in such or the like Proportions as the Number of Private Men in the said London Militia was by the said Ad of the Thirty (ixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty required to be railed.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commif- I.ieutensncy to boners of Lieutenancy at their Courts shall, and they are . hereby iXTue Precepts to required from time to time as and when they shall think it necessary, raise Money, to issue Precepts to the Aldermen, Deputies and Common Council-	to

men of the laid several Wards of the said City, and the Liberties chamberto thereof, requiring them to cause the Proportions of the Sum of Account of Money for the tune being, thought necessary to be raised as afore- Commiflioners, (aid, hereinbefore appointed to be raised in their respective Wards to to )evfy 11 be provided; and the Aldermen or Deputies and Common Councilmen, of the several Wards aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall pro- Monies for vide the Proportions of the Sum of Money directed to be raised in raising Men. their respective Wards, and shall, within Twenty eight Days next after the issuing of the said Precepts, pay the fame into the Chamber of the City of London to the Account of the said Commiflioners of Lieutenancy, to be applied as hereinafter is mentioned; and for raising such Proportions of such Sums of Money the Aldermen, Deputies and Common Councilmen of the said several Wards, or the major Part of them, shall from time to time when and as often as Occafion shall require, make such and the like Rates, and upon such or the like several and respective Bodies and Perfons within their respective Wards as they were authorized and required to make by the said Ads of the Thirty (ixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for providing the Men thereby required to be raised, and shall levy or cause the fame Rates to be levied accordingly; and all the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Pains, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said Ads

of the Thirty (ixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His 3^0.3. c.92.

present Majesty in relation to the Rates thereby directed to be made, 39 G*3* c»8a.

shall, lb fax as the fame are applicable and are not hereby altered,

varied or repealed, fhallf be applied and practised for the Purpofe of f Sic.

making and levying the Rates to be made by virtue of this Ad in

as full and ample a manner as if the said Po ivers, Provisions, Rules,

Regulations, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were again repeated and enacted in this Ad.

XXXV III. And be it further enacted. That the said Allowances Monie* in or Sums of Ten Guineas, and the said Sums of Money to be, from Chamber ap. time to time, paid by the said several Wards into the Chamber of P*jed inrJfi”S . the City of London by virtue of this Ad, shall be applied in de- by lieutenancy, fraying the Expences of providing the Men by this Ad required to be raued by the laid City of London, and for that Purpofe shall be paid, from time to time, by the Chamberlain of the said City of London jin such manner, and at such times, as the said Commiflioners H by their Order or Precept shall direct j and such Precepts or Orders

of





Enrolment of Men railed under A6L

Men raised fab-jed to London Militia Regulations (except ns particularly provided by Ad).

Lieutenancy to apportion Men raised by Beat of Drum among Wards.



!

i

Hit Majeftj

tnay if rue Orders to Lieutenancy and Commanding Officers for

C. 38.	54°	GEO. Ill;	A.D.	1813.

of the fall Commiffiotiers shall be sufficient Authority to the foid Chamberlain for the Payment of such Monies, or so much thereof, as in such Precepts or Orders shall be directed to be paid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Man raised and provided by the said City of London* by virtue of the Provifions lastly hereinbefore contained, shall take such and the fame Oath, and shall be enrolled in such and the fame manner, as hereinbefore is directed, with respect to the Men to be raised by virtue of this Ad by Beat of Drum ; any thing in the said Ada of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Men raised by the Citv of London, under the Provifions lastly hereinbefore contained, shall oe subject to all the Provifions and Regulations contained in the fold Ads of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, in relation to Men enrolled for the Londm Militia (except in such cases as are in this Ad particularly fpecified), and shall be entitled to all such Privileges and Immunities, and to such Provifions far their Wives and Families, as they would have been entitled to if enrolled in the manner mentioned by the said Ads.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the ComoufRoners of Lieutenancy* and they are hereby required at some General Meeting which shall be held for that Purpose, on or before the First Day of February in every Year, to apportion and diftri-butc the Men raised by Beat of Drum under this Ad to fill up any Vacancies which may nave been occasioned in the Number of Men atifftted and belonging to any Ward, by enlisting into the Line or otherwise, and in like manner to apportion and distribute any Excels of Men raised by Beat of Drum, over and above the Number of such Vacancies in the several Wards where Vacancies may have arisen by reason of the Difcharge of Men whose Period of Service may have expired, and it shall be lawful for the Commilfioners of Lieutenancy, at any General Meeting to be held for that Purpose, to alter from time to time any such Apportionments and make any new and further Apportionments or Diftributions, and place any Men so apporGoned or distributed, or applied as aforesaid, to any other Wards, in case it shall appear to be necessary for the making a just jDiftribut >on of the Men so raised by Beat of Drum as aforesaid ; and all such Apportionments and Diftributions shall be made among the foveral Wards either by Bailot, and entering upon Lifts the Names of the Wards, or otherwise, and in such manner as shall appear to the Commilfioners of Lieutenancy, at any such Meeting, most effectually to produce an equal and just Diftribution of the Men raised by Beat of Drum among the Wards, and the Men entered and placed to any Ward under any such Diftribution or Apportionment shall thenceforth be deemed to belong to such Wards, for the supplying of any Vacancies thereafter, in like manner as if such Men had been provided by such Wards respectively.

XLI I. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signified by His Majefty’s Secretary of State, at any time, from time to time, during the Execution of this A&, or any Part thereof, to give such Orders aid Direftions to the said 7	Coill-



AJXi<X3.	540	GEO.	III.

Comroiffioners of Lieutenancy, or to the respective Colonels or Fating Aft info

Commanding Officers of the said Regiments of Militia, as His Exccuti<»*

Majesty shall from time to time think expedient and neceflhry for tlie

Execution of this A 61; and the several Commissioners and Colonels

2nd Commanding Officers aforesaid, shall proceed forthwith, in pur-

famce of His Majefty’a Orders,to do all inch Afts as shall be necef-

fery for the Purpofe of carrying such Order into Execution, and for

the doe Execution of the Provifions of this Aft.

XLIII. And, in order that the Rights and Privileges of the City Not to prejudice of London may not be infringed, be it further enacted. That this Rights of City Aft, or any thing herein contained, shall not dtminifiior be prejudicial hoodon. to the Rights, Privileges, Immunities aad Exemptions to which the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London* or the Freemen, Citizens or Inhabitants of the find City, or the Suburbs and Liberties of the fame, or of all privileged Places within the Limits and Precinfts thereof, as well within the Liberties as without, art entitled to enjoy by Prescription, Aft of Parliament, Charter or Ufage ; but the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and the Freemen, Citizens and Inhabitants of the laid City, shall and ■ay continue to enjoy, all and singular the said Rights, Liberties,

IHazes, CuRoms, Privileges, Immunities and Exemptions, in as full, ample and beneficial a manner as if this Aft had not been made.

XLIV. Provided always, ai»d be R further enacted, That this Aft altered, *e» Aft, or any of the Provifions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed* by any Aft or Afts to be made in this present Scffion of Parliament.

\ XLV. And be itfurther enacted. That this Aft (had be deemed Public Aft* aad taken to be a Public Aft, and (had be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices aad others without being fpecisUy pleaded.

C.3I*	171

SCHEDULE to which this Aft: refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

LIST of Perfo&s *nbfted for Militia between	Day	tf

sod	Day	of	•

Hinot of Mon.	When enrolled.	When jeiatd.	FUce «f Refideoce . vhen fnUfted.
			

CAP.



C-39# 40.

54* GEO- III.

A.D.1813.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Aft for ralfing the Sum of Five Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[20th December 18 r 3 “ TREASURY empowered to raise 5,000,000!. by Exchequer 44 Bills in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.—$ 1, 2. Treaiury M to apply Money raised. § 3. Principal of said Bills charged on 44 first Supplies of next Sefiion. $ 4. Intereft of 3 Id. per Cent, per 44 Diem, f 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer alter 44 April 5, 1815. § 6. Bank of England empowered to advance 44 5,oop,oool. on the Credit of Aft, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. 44 C.20.—$7.

53O.3. c.34.

§ 104

Sch. Cr **

Drawback not to axcaed ad. ditioaalDuty.

CAP. XL.

An Aft to remove Doubts respecting the Payment of Drawback on the Exportation of French Wine in certain Cafes.

[20th December 1813.!

4 \T7 HERE AS by an Aft made in the last Seflion of Parliament,

* VV intituled An A3 for granting to Hit b*ajejly additional 4 Duties of Excife in Great Britain on Tobacco and Snuff* and om 4 French Wines* it is enacted. That every Dealer or Dealers or Seller 4 or Sellers of Foreign Wine who should, on or before the Tenth 4 Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, have

*	aftually paid in Advance the whole of the Additional Duties by 4 the said Aft imposed on any French Wine which should have been 4 found, on the fir ft actual Survey by the proper Officer or Officers 4 of Excife, after the Thirtieth Day of March One thousand eight*

*	hundred and thirteen, in his, her or their Stock, Cuftody or Pof-

*	session, as in the said Aft was mentioned, should be entitled to an 4 Allowance equal to One Third of such Additional Duties so paid 4 in Advance as aforesaid; and by the said Aft a Drawback of 4 Sixty three Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or lefs

*	Quantity, was allowed for every Tun of French Wine imported

*	into Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed for or in re-

*	fpeft thereof should have been paid, and which should be duly ex-4 ported as Merchandize from or out of the entered Stock of any 4 Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers of French Wines : And

whereas Doubts have arisen whether, under or by virtue of the said 4 recited Provisions, the Drawback of Sixty three Pounds for every

*	Tun of such Fretieh Wine, and so in Proportion for any greater 4 or less Quantity so exported from or out of such entered Stock, is

*	not payable for or in respect of such Wine whereon the said recited 4 Allowance has been received for the said Additional Duties so 4 paid in Advance Now, to obviate and remove all such Doubts, be it enacted and declared by The King’s Mod Excellent Maiefty* by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual dfad Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That no Drawback exceeding the Amount of the (aid Additional Duty actually paid and retained in, the Hands of His laid Majesty, for or in respect of any'fuch Wine#





A.D.1813.	54°	GEO.	III. *	C.40,41.'	173

finll be paid or allowed on the Exportation of any such Wine $ any thing in the {aid Aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XLI.

Aa Aft to continue until the Firfl Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, to suspend the Im« portation of Britifb or /r/^-made Spirits into Great Britain^ and Ireland respectively.	[2oth	December 1813.]

« YT J HERE AS an Aft was made in the Forty ninth Year of Hi8 49 G. 3. c.8.

4 VA present Majefty's Reign, intituled An Aft to suspend the Im*

*	portation of British or Irifh-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland

*	refpeftively y until the Firfl Day of June One thousand eight hundred 4 and nine ; and by an Aft made in the lafl Scflion of Parliament,

4 intituled An Aft to continue, until the Thirty JirJl Day of December 53 G. 3. c. 7.

*	One thousand eight hundred and thirteen,, an Aft made in the Forty 4 ninth Tear of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Diflillation of 4 Spirits from Com or Grain in the United Kingdom, and another Afty 4 made in the Forty ninth Tear of His present Majesty, to suspend the 4 Importation of British or Irifh-made Spirits into Great Britain and 4 Ireland respectively, and to continue the Duties on IVorts or Wajb 4 made from Sugar in Great Britain, and the Duties on Spirits made

4 from Sugar in Ireland, it was, amongst other things, enacted, that § J-4 all the Powers and Provifions of the said recited Aft of the Forty 4 ninth Year of His Majefty's Reign (except as in the said Aft of 4 the Fifty third Year of His Majefty's Reign is excepted J, should 4 be continued until Four Calendar Months after the Expiration of 4 the time which should or might be fixed under the Authority of 4 the said Aft of the Fifty third Year of His Majefty's Reign for 4 prohibiting the Diflillation of Spirits from Grain in Great Britain:

4 And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Aft of the Forty 4 ninth Year of His Majefty's Reign should be further continued for

*	the Purpofe of affording sufficient time for making, effectual Pro-4 *i&ons for regulating tne Intercourfe between Great Britain and 4 Ireland, in relation to Spirits the Manufafture of either Country Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mod Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent or the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all the Powers and Provifions in the laid A ft of the Forty ninth Year of His Majefty's Reign contained 49 (except as in the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of His (CIq a*m Majefty's Reign is excepted) shall continue and be in force, from and f8e*Cepted/ after the passing of this Aft, until the Firfl Day of July One thou- continue, land eight hundred and fourteen.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said recited Aft of the Aclsamtnded, Forty ninth Year of His Majefty's Reign and this Aft may be &c.

•anded, altered or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this wriest Seffion of Parliament*

CAP.





repealed.

Convi£ed of cutting or de-ttroying Framework Knitted Pieces, & c. or Machines used In such Manufacture.

CAP. XLII.

An A fk to repeal an Aft of the Fifty second Year of Hi* present Maj^fty, for the Punifhment of Perfons destroying Stocking or Lace Fraihes, or any Articles in such Frames, and to make other Provisions instead thereof.

[20th December 1813.I

•	TXT HERE AS an Aft was pafied in the Fifty second Year of

•	W His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ac7 for the more 4- exemplary Punifhment of Perfons dejlroying or injuring any Stocking 4 or Lace Frames, or other Machines or Engines used in the Frame-4 work Knitted Manufactory, or any Articles or Goods in such 4 Frames or Machines 1 to continue in force until the Firjl Day of 4 March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen : And Whereas it 4 is expedient that the said Aft should be repealed and other Provi-4 fions made instead thereof 5* Be it therefore enacted by The King*3 Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of toe Lord's Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this Aft, the said recited Aft shall be repealed, and the fame is Hereby repealed, save and except as to any thins done before the palling of this Aft, with respect to which the faia Aft shall remain and be in full Force and Effeft a* if this Aft had not been made.

II.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the pa0ing of this Aft, if any Perfon or Perfons shall, by Day or by Night, enter by Force into any House, Shop or Place, with an Intent to cut or destroy any Framework Knitted Piece*, Stocking or Lace, or other Articles or Goods, being in the Frame or upon any Machine or En-

fine thereto annexed, or therewith to be used or prepared for that urpose, or with an Intent to break or destroy any Frame, Machine, Engine, Tool, Inftrument or Utenfil, used in and for the working and making of any such Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace -or other Articles or Goods in the Hofieryor Framework Knitted Manufactory, or shall wilfully or maliciously, and without having the Confent or Authority of the Owner, destroy or cut with aua Intent to destroy or render useless any Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Article* or Goods, being in the Frame or upon any Machine or Engine a* aforesaid, or prepared for that Purpose, or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without having the Confent or Authority of the Owner, break, destroy or damage with an Intent to destroy or render ufeless, any Frame, Machine, Engine, Tool, Inftrument or Utenfil, used in and tor the working and making of any such Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or othsr Articles or Goods in the Hofiery or Framework Knitted Stoeking, or Framework Lace Manufactory; or shall wilfully and malicionf]y> nnd without having the Confent or Authority of m Owner, break or destroy any Machinery contained in any Mill or Milk used or asy way employed in preparing or Spinning of Wool or Cotton, or other Materials for the Ufe of tne Stocking or Lace Manufactory 5 «very Offender being thereof lawfully convicted shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for Life, or for such Term of Years

not.





A JO. 1813.

$4* GEO. III.

C.42> 4>

*7;

not less than Seven Years, as the Judge before whom such Offender Tranfporution. ihail be tried in hit Difcretion Ihall adjudge and dirc&.

III. And be it further enacted. That this Ad may bettered, Aft altered, &c. amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be passed in this Selfioa . of Parliament.

a* i .r.O. •

CAP. XLIII.

An Ad to rest in Trustees certain Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, forextending the present Lines and Works, and for erecting other Works and Buildings at and near Portfmoutb and Hilfta, in the County of Southampton.

[20th December 1813.3 • TTJHEREAS, for better securing His Majcfty’s Docks, Ships 4 Vf of War, and Stores at Portsmouth, it is necessary to exteud 4 the present Lines and Works, and to ered other Works and 4 Buddings at and near Portfmoutb and Hilsea, and in order there 4 onto to purchase the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Here-4 (foments hereinafter mentioned 1 And Whereas the said Mef-1 fuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments are or may be veiled 4 in or belong to Infants, Femes Covert, Trustees, or other Per*

4 tons, who by Law are disabled to make any Contrads or Con-4 veyances; in att which cases, as also when, any Owner or other 4 Perfot* entitled to or interelied in the fame, designing to obstruct 4 the Public Service, or to make any unreasonable Gain to themfeives^

4 mfiii on extravagant Rates, it will be necessary to have Recourfe

4 to the fame Methods that have been taken in cases of the like	>	>.

4 mtnreTo the end therefore that the true and real Value of the

(aid EfLtcs, Rights and Intereils may be afeertained, and *he

Owners and Proprietors thereof, or Perfona entitled thereto, may ,A

foe a just and reasonable Satisfadion for the fame ; be it enaded

by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Cadent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ia

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That all mid singular the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Here- pwami(es fyeci-' i fpeciued in the Two Schedules hereunder written, or here- fied in Schedules

uatoannexed, marked (A*) and (B.), shall be, and the fame are (A.)»nd(B.)

hereby veiled in the Right Honourable Charles Abbot, William Chute Vti! dr™f*

Efooire and Thomas Freeman Heatbcote Esquire, their Heirs and ^n*taken°by "

Aligns; In Trull neveithelefs for such Perfon or Perfona as at or Ordnance, &c.

(mediately before the time of making this Ad was or were the

Owner or the several and respective Owners thereof, or had any

Rights or Intereils therein, according to their several Estates, Rights

asd Intcrefls in Polsession, Reveriion, Remainder or otherwise, until

such Estates, Rights and Interests respectively shall be ac^udged and

drummed, or Poffrifion thereof taken by the principal Officers of

His MrieRy’s Ordnance,* or their Engineers or other Officers adiug

under their Authority (which they are hereby empowered to do

when k ihaU be found necessary for His Majeily’s Service), and

sntil the Purchafe Monies for the lame, together with Intereft from

1he time of taking Pofteffion, after the Kate of Five Pounds per

Centum for the Year for the Sora^khat IhaU be agreed upon or affelied,

at the true Value thereof, IhaU be paid; and that the laid Pjsrchafc

Montes (half be pad and applied to such and the fame Ufes, Intents

and





17 6

Compensation made out of Money granted by Parliament.

Commiflioners appointed to al-certain and determine Claims of Owners.

Jury appointed.

C.43.	546 GEO. HI.	A.D.1813.

and Purpofes as the said Estates, Rights and Interefts so vested in the above mentioned Trustees, were limited and fettled previous to the palling of this Aft, so far as the Rules of Law or Equity will allow thereof, and that in the mean time, and until such Polfeflion taken, or Payment made as aforesaid, the Rents and Profits of the said Mefluages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall be paid and applied by the said Trustees to, and all such Right* and Interefts shall be held and enjoyed by such Perfon or Perfons as was or were entitled to have, receive, hold and enjoy the fame respectively, and in such Porportions, Manner and Form as the fame were payable, and were held and enjoyed previous to the passing of this Aft.

II.	And be it further enacted, That such Compenfation and Satis-faftion as shall be agreed upon, or as shall be found by the Verdift of a Jury, for and m respect of the Mefluages, Lands, Tenement* and Hereditaments hereby vested, shall be made to all and every the Perfon and Perfons out of any Money already granted by Parliament for that Purpofe.

III.	Apd be it further enacted, That, for the better afeertain-ing the several Owners and Proprietors of and Perfons interested in the said Me(Tuage8, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, vested by and to be purchased in pursuance of this Aft, and the respective Titles, Rights, Interefts and Claims of such Owners and Proprietors* and other Perfons thereto, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by One or more Commiffion or Commiftions, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to authorize and appoint any Number of Perfons to be Commiflioners to hear and determine all Titles, Rights, Interefts and Claims, that shall or may be made or fet up to the said Mefluages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or to any Part or Parcel thereof 5 which Com* miflioners so to be appointed, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, in a summary way, by and upon the Teftimony of WitnefTes upon Oath (which they or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to admi-nifter), or upon the Infpeftion and Examination of Deeds, Writings and Records, or by the Inqueft of Twelve good and lawful Men, to be impannelled and sworn in manner hereinafter mentioned and dirested, or by all or any of the said ways, or otherwise, according to their Difcretion, to enquire into, and to proceed, aft upon and determine all and all manner of Rights, Titles, Estates, Claims and Interests, and all Controverfies, Debates and Queftions, which shall happen or arise between any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, or any other Matter or Thing relating to any of the Premises, or any Part thereof, and shall have Power to (end for any Perfon or Perfons, and oblige them to produce their Deeds or Writings upon Oath, relating to any of the fame Premises, and also shall and may, by Agreement with the respective Perfon or Perfons that shall be determined to be the Owners and Proprietors of and Perfons interested in the said Mefluages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, vested by and to be purchased in pursuance of this Ad, or by the said Inqueft of Twelve good and lawful Men, to be impannelled and sworn as aforesaid, enquire into, proceed, aft and determine, touching and concerning the true and real Value of the said Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof; and the said Com* miffioners so to be appointed, or any Five or more of them, are

hereby





*77

AJD.i8i3-	54°GEO.	III.	C.	43.

hereby required to cause all their Judgments and Decrees to be entered fajrly in Books ; which Judgments and Decrees shall ex-prefsly mention and specify the respective Mefluages, Number of Acres or Parcels of Land, with their several Abuttals and Boundaries, together with the Name or Names of all and every Pcrfon acd Perfons interested refpeftivcly in the fame, and the Sum or Sums of Money that shall be so agreed for, or assessed by the said Jcry, to be paid for the fame respectively; which Judgments and Decrees shall be fairly engrofied on Parchment, and certified to the Clerk of The Crown in Chaneery, and to The King’s Remembrancer in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer 5 and such Judgment# and Decrees, so made as aforesaid, shall be final, and shall conclude all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate,

Ecddiaftical and Civil, their Heirs, Succeflors, Adminiftrators and Afigns respectively, notwithstanding any Difability or Incapacity wtatfoever ; any Law, Statute or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding ; Copies of which said Judgments and Decrees shall be laid forthwith before both Houfes of Parliament, that full Compenfation and Satisfaction may be made to the several Owners and Proprietors of and Perfons interested in the laid Mefluages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Corporations an* Commifioners so to be apppointed, or any Five or more of them, Incapac'.ted Per-flull and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to fons ma7 treaU treat and agree with all or any of the Owners or Proprietors of and Perfons interested in the said Mefluages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the absolute Purchafe thereof, and of all Eibtes, Rights and Interefts therein ; and it shall and may be lairful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, and all Feoffees or Trustees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, and for all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Tail, and for the Hafbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Attornies of such of the Owners or Proprietors of or Perfons interested in any of the (aid Mefluages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as shall be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Perfons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves; and for all and every other Perfon and Perfons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Succeflors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cejlui que Trusts, Remainder Men, or other Perfon or Perfons, to contraft and agree with the said Com-mifiooers, or any Five or more of them, for the Sale of all or any of the (aid Mefluages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Rights and Interests, for the Purpofe aforesaid ; and all such Contra&s and Agreements shall be valid and efle&ual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, and all Bodies Politic and Corporate,

Ecclefiaftical and Civil, and all Perfons whomsoever, are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall do in pursuance of tbs Aft ; but if it shall happen that any such Body Politic or in caf* of Refw-Corporate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, Tenant for Life, Tenant in Tail, fri lo treat, Hutoand, Guardian, Truftee, Committee or Attorney as aforesaid, Matter in or any other Perfon or Perfons interested in such Mefluages, Lands, Queft,on fettle! Torments or Hereditaments, shall, for the Space of Thirty Days hylwy-am after public Notice in Writing, fubferibed by the said Com-affiooers, or any Five or more of them, shall have been affixed 54 Geo. III.	N	on





*7*

C. 43.	54*	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1813.

bn the Principal Doors of the Parifti Churches of Wymertng, W'tdlt% and Portfea> and inserted in the London Gazette ; and also (in all cases where the fame shall be convenient or practicable) next after Notice shall have been given to the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body Politic or Corporate, or to such Feoffees or Trustees, Tenant for Life, Tenant in Tail, Hufband, Guardian, Truftee, Committee or Attorney, or to such other Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid, or left at his or their respective Place or Places of Abode, neglect or refuse to treat or agree, or by reason of Abfence shall be prevented from treating or agreeing with the said Com* miffioners, or any Five or more of them, or shall refuse to accept what they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think a reasonable Recompence or Satisfa&ion for such Meffuages, Lands and Hereditaments, Rights and Interefts as aforesaid; then and in every such case, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall with all convenient Speed proceed to inquire into, afeertain and assess the true and real Value of such Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Rights and Interests, by the Inqueft of Twelve good and lawful Men, or by such other way* and means, and in such manner and form, in all respects whatsoever, as herein is particularly mentioned and directed.

Manner of fum- V. And be it further enacted, That, for the better carrying into woning Juries. Execution the said Commiffion or Commissions, by virtue of this present AGt to be ifTued, the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any Five or more of them, shall and lawfully may, and they are hereby authorized and required, to issue forth their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to be directed to the Sheriff of the County of Southampton, thereby commanding him to iin-pannel, summon and return before the said Commissioners. at fuck Time and Place as shall be appointed in such Warrant or Warrants, Twenty four good and lawful Men, substantial Gentlemen and Freeholders of the said County of Southampton, qualified to serve Oath.	upon Special Juries at the Amzes, who upon their Oaths (which

Oaths they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to adminifler) shall enquire into, and by their Verdift afeertain and assess the true and real Value of such Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and of the respective Estates, Rights and Interefts therein ; and the feid Sheriff is hereby required to impannel, summon and return such Jury as aforesaid, and at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants to attend the said Com-miffioners with his Bailiffs or Officers, to prove if neceftary upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to adminifter) the summoning the Jurors so to be impannelled and returned; and in case the said Sheriffs,Sec. Sheriff or his Bailiffs or Officers shall neglect or refuse (being neglecting Duty, duly served with such Warrant or Warrants Fourteen Days or more before the Return thereof) to impannel, summon and return such Jury as aforesaid, or shall not attend the Commissioners with hi* Bailiffs or Officers at the Return of such Warrant or Warrant* as aforesaid, then and in either of the said cases, the said Com* miffioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to impose a Fine upon such Sheriff, Bailiffs and Officers, or any of them To making Default, not Paiulty. exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor left than Ten Pounds for any One

Offence *



A.D.i8i3«

54’ GEO. III.

179

Offence; and if any Perfon so to be impannelied, summoned and Jurymen

returned, shall not appear at the Return of fuCh Warrant or Warrants, negle^ing Duty.

or, appearing, shall refuse to be fwom for the Purpofes aforesaid,

or, being sworn, shall depart without the Licence of the said Com-

minioners, or any Five or more of them, before the Verdift is given,

or b any other manner neglect his Duty in the Premifes ; then and

is every such case the said Commiffionera then assembled or met, or

any Five or more of them, may, and they are hereby empowered to

frt a Fine upon such Perfon so offending, and not having lawful

Excufe to be allowed by the said Commissioners then fitting, or

the major Part of them,	not exceeding	the Sum of Ten Pounds	Penalty.

upon any one Perfon for	any Offence,	all which Fines the faid

Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to eftreat into

His Majesty,3 Court of Exchequer, to be levied to the Ufe of His

Majesty.

VI.	And be it further	enacted, That in case a sufficient Jury	I" default	of

fluff not appear upon the	Return of the	faid Warrant or Warrants	[uffic,*nt Num-

•	.	A	.	X	•	«	..	.	.	«	.	•	«	.	.	hnr of mrompn

MWfc	WMV AVVWU1 U V* VUV	V v	VI	V ▼ Ml I UUkO

to take the lnqueffs, it shall be lawful to and for the said Sheriff to ,*r

-*1__________________________________________r—,1:1-	 ~a	I"clucft	adJ°url1-

choofe others of the By danders, or that can speedily be procured C(j# being qualified as aforesaid, and if a sufficient Number cannot be procured, then the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may adjourn the Inqueft to any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days nor less than Four Days, from the Adjournment thereof, and to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for impannelling, summoning and returning an equal Number of Jurors to tliofe so making Default, and thereupon the Jurors who shall have been before 'returned by the said Sheriff, and shall have appeared upon such Return, together with those who shall be returned and shall appear upon such Second or any future Warrant and Return or Warrants and Returns from time to time to be issued and made, until a sufficient Jury can be obtained, shall enquire as aforesaid.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Twelve Inqueft taken, good and lawful Men shall be sufficient to take the Inqueff aforesaid; Commiftionert and that in case Twelve or more shall appear upon the Return of the I™? adk*urn lf laid Warrant or Warrants, then and in such case the said Com- uturc ay’ miffiootTS, by virtue of this Aft to be appointed, shall proceed to

take the said Inqueff, and after the Inqueft shall be taken may adjourn to some future Day for making their Judgments and Decrees thereon.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Notice given of by virtue of this Aft to be appointed, or any Five or more of them, Meetings of fluff cause Notice to be given in Writing of the Days appointed for C

the Meeting of the said Jurors as aforesaid, Fourteen Days at the 11 ur*' lead before any such Meeting, which Notice shall be affixed on the Doors of the Parifh Churches of Wymering, IVidley and Portfcs aforesaid, and shall also cause the fame to be published in the London Gfmitc ; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall not appear pursuant to Lch Notice, or shall refuse to shew his, her or their Deeds or Writings relating to the Premises, that then the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and also the said Jury, shall proceed open the best Information they can then procure or obtain* to make itch Inqntfts, Judgments and Decrees as hereinbefore dirested; and all inch Judgments and Decrees being entered and certified as aforesaid Hull be final and coaclufive.

N 2

I*. And



by 

J$0

After Payment of Purdufe Money, Pre-mites to veil in Trustees for Ufe of His Majesty.

Premifei to continue charged with Tithes, Land Tax, Poor and other Rates.

No Commif-fioner liable to Penalties of 2$ Car. a. c. a.

I W.&M.

BelT. 1. c. 8.

13 & 14 W. 3 c. 6.1 G z.btat. a. c.13.

CommifTioner* Dot difabled

C. 43.

54’ GEO. HI.

A.D.1813.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That immediately from and after the time that Payment shall be made of the Sum and Sums of Money to be agreed for or assessed by the said Jury, and decreed and adjudged by the said Commiflioners to be by virtue of this present A A appointed, or any Five or more of them, to the Owners and Proprietors of and Perfons interested in the said Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments veiled by and to be purchased in pursuance of this A 61, or to any or either of them, the Truftee* hereinbefore mentioned and their Heirs shall be deemed and adjudged to Hand seized of the said Premifes respectively, to and for the Ufe of His Majessy, his Heirs and SuccefTors, for ever freed and dif-xharged of and from all and all manner of Estates, Leases, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands whatsoever, which can or may be had, made, or fet up in, to, out of, upon or in respect of the fame Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by any Bodies, Politic or Corporate, Eccleliaflical or Civil, or any Perfon or Perfons whom foe ver on any account whatever.

X.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements aud Hereditaments, veiled by and to be purchased in pursuance of this A61, which were before the palling of this A€t liable to and charged with Tithes, Land Tax, Poor and other Rates, in the respective Parilhes wherein the fame respectively lie, shall, from the time the fame were or shall be taken PoffelDon of as aforesaid, Rand and be subject and liable to and chargeable therewith ; and that the said Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be charged and chargeable with such Tithes, Taxes and Rates, shall, as to so much thereof as shall not be otherwise demised to or occupied by any particular Perfon, Rand and be charged to and in the Name of and to be paid by the Storekeeper of His Majefty's Ordnance for the time being, at Portfmoutb aforesaid; and that such Storekeeper paying the lame shall be repaid and allowed such Sum and Sums of Money as he shall so pay by the Treasurer or Paymafter of His Majefty's Ordnance for the tune being, on Demand thereof, who shall be allowed the fame in his Accounts; and that in case such Storekeeper so charged and chargeable therewith shall neglect or refuse to pay any such Tithes, Taxes or Rates charged on him as aforesaid when demanded, that then and in every such case the Sum or Sums so due and claimed for such Tithes, Taxes or Rates, and charged on such Storekeeper as aforesaid, shall or may be levied on such Storekeeper so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, by such ways and means and in such manner as upon any other Occupier of Lands liable to the Payment of any such Tithes, Taxes and Rates ; any Law, Statute, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That no Commiffioncr who shall be so employed in the Execution of this A& shall be liable for or by reafok of such Execution to any of the Penalties mentioned ia the A61 of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Chapter the Second, nor the First of William and Mary, Chapter the Eighth, nor the Thirteenth and Fourteenth of William. Third, Chapter the Sixth, nor the First of George the First Chapter the Thirteenth.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Com-, miftioners as His Majeity shall nominate for tbs Purpofes in this A£k

mentioned*





* AJ).i8ij*	54*GEO.	HI.	C.43.	181

/ sectioned, or any of them, shall not by reason thereof in any fort be fr<*n iu drtabled or disqualified from fitting in the House of Commons, nor Padiamtnt. their Election thereby become void; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding^

A.

The FIRST SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers, marked A.

comprising the Lands, &c. at or near Hilsea,

ALL that Piece or Parcel of Paflure Land, containing by Statute Lands, Sc. be* Meafure Twelve Acres Two Roods and Twenty five Perches or	.

thereabouts, belonging to Richard Pittis, situate, lying and being in c ar°™tl*r the Parifh of Wymering in the County of Southampton, on the North Side of the Lake or Channel, belonging to His Majesty,

, running from Portsmouth Harbour to Langfton Harbour, and on the West Side of the Turnpike Road leading from Portsmouth to Loodon; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Paflure Land, containing by Statute Meafure Fourteen Acres and Twelve Perches or thereabouts, also belonging to the said Richard Pittis, adjoining the said Piece or Parcel or Land hereinbefore described, and bounded on the North by other Land of the said Richard Pittis, on the South partly by the before mentioned Lake or Channel, and partly by Land belonging to His Majesty, on the East by a Strip of Waite Land, belonging to Thomas Thilllethwayte Esquire, as Lord of the Thomas Manor of Wallefworth, adjoining the said Turnpike Road, and ou Thirtieth way 1* the West partly by other Land of the said Richard Pittis, and partly by the laid Harbour of 'Portfmouth ; and also all that the said Strip of Wafte Land, containing by Statute Meafure One Rood and Twenty Perches, and also the Mefluage erected thereon,, with its Appurtenances, belonging to the said Thomas Thilllethwayte, and Andrew now in the Occupation of Arthur Mills, near the South End of Lradegrtn. which said Strip of Land, the Weighing Engine of the Turnpike now Hands, bounded on the North by other Part of the said Wafte Laad, and a Cottage Handing thereon, in the Occupation of Thomas Holland, on the South by Land belonging to His Majesty, on the East by the said Turnpike Road, and on the West by the said Piece or Parcel of Land lastly hereinbefore described; and also aH that Mefluage or Tenement, with the Outhouses, Garden, Piece or ftrcei of Land, and other Appurtenances, containing by Statute Meafure One Rood and Thirty two Perches or. thereabouts, belonging to Andrew Lindegren Esquire, and now in the Occupation of Charles Browning, situate, lying and being in the said PfcrHh of Wymering, on the East Side of the said Turnpike Road, together with the small Piece of Wafte Land, containing One Rood and Fourteen Perches or thereabouts, on the East Side thereof, ftrt whereof forms the Way to Land of William Padwick, hereinafter described, and bounded on the North by a Road leading from the find Turnpike Road to certain Salterns, belonging to James Stead, hereinafter described, on the South by Land belonging to Wtlliani Garrett Esquire, next hereinafter described, on the East by the laid Turnpike Road, and on the West partly by the East End of the Road leading to the said Salterns, and partly by Land belonging to the said "William Padwick; and also all that Mefluage or Tenement, with the Outhoufes thereunto belonging, now used as

N 3	a	PubUa





i8a

William

Garrett.

W ilium Pudwick.

James Stead.

William

Padwick.

WHUam Friend.

C.43.	54nGEO.IIL	A.D.1813.

a Public Hoiffe, called The Horse and Jockey; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pallure Land adjoining thereto, belonging to the 1 (aid William Garrett, situate and being on the East Side of the said Turnpike Road, in the Parifh of Wymering, containing together by -Statute Meafure One Acre Three Roods and Twenty three Perches, be the fame more or less, and bounded on the North by the said Piece or Parcel of Land and Premises, lastly hereinbefore deferibed, on the South by Land belonging to His Majessy, on the East by Land belonging to the said William Padwick, and on the Well by the said Turnpike Road ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable 3 Land belonging to the said William Padwick, containing by Statute Meafure Nine Acres One Rood and Four Perches or thereabouts, situate, lying and being in the said Parifh of Wymering, and bounded on the North by the Road leading to the said Salterns belonging to • the said James Stead, on the South by Land belonging to His said Majesty, on the West partly by the Land and Premifes lastly hereinbefore deferibed, and partly by the said small Piece of Wafte Land, 2 containing One Rood and Fourteen Perches, and on the East partly . by other Land of the said William Padwick, and partly by the said Salterns and Pond of the said James Stead 5 and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure One Acre and Thirty five Perches or thereabouts, Part of a Meadow belonging to the said William Padwick, situate and being in the said Parifh of Wymering, being of a triangular Form, and bounded on the North by other Part of the said Meadow, from which the fame is intended to be parted off and divided, on the South and East by Land belonging to the said James Stead, and on the West by the Road leading to the said Salterns of the said James Stead; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, partly Arable, and partly used as a Saltern, together with the Boiling House or Tenements thereon erected, containing together by Statute Meafure Ten Acres Two Roods and Three Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said James Stead, and now in his Occupation, situate, wing and being in the said Parifh of Wymering, and bounded as follows; that is to fay, on the North by Land of the said William Padwick, on the South by other Land of the said William Padwick, next hereinafter deferibed, on the East by Land belonging to William Friend, and on the West by the said Two Pieces or Parcels of Land lastly hereinbefore deferibed ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pafture Land, containing by Statute Meafure Ten Acres Two Roods and Eighteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said William Padwick, situate, lying and being in the said Parifh of Wymering, and bounded on the North by the said Salterns lastly hereinbefore deferibe d, on the South by the laid Lake or Channel belonging to His Majesty, on the East partly by the said Lake or Channel, and partly by other Part of the said Salterns lastly hereinbefore deferibed, and on the West partly by Land belonging to His said Majesty, and partly by the said Piece or Parcel of Land belonging to the said William Padwick, containing Nine Acres One Rood and Four Perches hereinbefore deferibed ; and also all those ' Two Fields or Clofes of Pafture or Marfh Laud, together with the Tenements, Cottages, Outhoufes or Stables erected thereon, containing together by Statute Meafure Fifteen Acres One Rood and Fifteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said William Friend, situate and being in the said Parifh of Wymering, and bounded on the

North



i83

\	A.D. 18 j 3.	54* GEO. III. C.	43.

1 North partly by other Land of the said William Padwick, and partly by a Road leading into the said Two Fields or Clofes of Land, on the South by the said Lake or Channel of His said Majesty, on the East by Lands of the said Thomas ThifUethwayte called Nore Marlh, and on the Well partly by the said Salterns hereinbefore deferibed, and partly by the laid Lake or Channel of His Majesty; and also all those Four Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing together by Statute Meafure Twenty nine Acres Two Roods and Twenty nine Perches or thereabouts, being Part of the said Marlh, called Norc Marfh, belonging to the said Thomas Thiillethwayte, situate, lying and Thomat being in the Parilh of Wymering aforesaid, and abutted and bounded Thiillethwayte. on the North by other Part of the said Marlh, on the South by the laid Lake or Channel of His said Majesty, on the Eall by Land of James Knight, and on the Well partly by Land of the said William Friend, and partly by the said Lake or Channel; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Seventeen Acres Three Roods and Light Perches or thereabouts, being Part and Parcel of certain Marfh or Pallure Land belonging to the said James Knight, situate and being in the said Parilh of jaTOe» Knight. Wymering, and abutted and bounded on the North by other Lands of the said James Knight, on the South by the said Lake or Channel of His said Majesty, on the Eall partly by the said Lake or Channel, and partly by other Lands of tne said James Knight* and on the Well partly by the said Lake or Channel, and partly by one of the said Four Pieces or Parcels of Land lallly hereinbefore deferibed; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Statute Meafure Two Acres ^Three Roods and Twenty five Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said James Knight, adjoining the North Part of the Piece or Parcel of Land lallly hereinbefore deferibed, and bounded on the North, Eall and South by other Land of the Laid James Knight, and on the Well by Nore Marfh aforesaid ; and also all those Four several Pieces or Parcels of Paflure Land, containing by Statute Meafure Fifty four Acres Three Roods and Two Perches or thereabouts, late belonging to Sir John Carter Knight, deceased, but now to Dame Carter and sir John Carter. Arthnr Atherley Esquire, his Devifees in Trull, situate, lying and being at or near Hilsea, in the said Parilh of Wymering, on the South Side of Poll Bridge, and on the Well Side of the London ^unmike Road, and bounded on the North by Land belonging to His laid Majesty, on the South by Land belonging to John Burrell, on the Eall partly by other Lands of the said Devifees in Trust, partly by Land of William Goldfinch, partly by Land of John Hellyer Esquire, and partly by Land of Ann Burrell Widow, and on the Well by the Harbour of Portsmouth; and also all those s Eleven several Clofes or Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing together by Statute Meafure Sixty seven Acres and Thirteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said John Burrell, situate, lying and being on the South Side of the Pieces or Parcels of Land Lilly hereinbefore deferibed, and adjoining each other, situate, lying fLod being in the said Parifii of Wymering, and in the Parilh of Portsea, in the said County of Southampton, bounded on the North partly by the said Pieces or Parcels of Land lallly hereinbefore deferibed, and partly by Land of the said Ann Burrell Widow, on the South, partly by Land of the College of Weilminller, ^jid partly

N4	by





Richard Antram

and Joseph Crafler.

Sir John Carter.

Sir Roger Curtis, Bart.

Ann Burrell.

C. 43.	54* GEO. III.	A.D.	1813*

by Two Meadows of John Morey on the East, partly by Three Meadows or Pieces of Pafture Land now or late belonging to Admiral Sir Roger Curtis Baronet, to the Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter, and to Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, partly by other Land of the said John Burrell, partly by Land of Thomas Hopkins, partly by other Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, and partly by other Land of the said Ann Burrell, and partly by Land of John Morey, and on the West by the said Harbour of Portsmouth; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Meafure One Acre One Rood and Nineteen Perches or thereabouts, also belonging to the said John Burrell, situate, lying and being near the said Pieces or Parcels of Land lastly hereinbefore described, and bounded on the North by the said Land of Thomas Hopkins, on the South by the said Land of the said Ann Hopkins, on the East partly by other Land of the said Ann Burrell, and partly by Land of John Hubbard, and on the West by Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pafture Land, containing by Statute Meafure Five Acres and Twelve Perches or thereabouts, alio belonging to the said John Burrell, situate, lying and being near the Lands lastly hereinbefore described, and also the Cottage erected at the East End thereof, and bounded on the North by Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, on the South by the said Land of the said Thomas Hopkins, on the East partly by the said last mentioned Land, and partly by the said Turnpike Road to London, and on the West by Land of the said John Burrell, Part of the Lands hereinbefore described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pafture Land containing by Statute Meafure One Acre Two Roods and Twelve Perches or thereabouts, now or late belonging to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, situate and being on the North Side of and adjoining to the said Piece or Parcel of Land lastly hereinbefore described; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pafture Land, containing by Statute Meafure One Acre Two Roods and Twenty two PercheB or thereabouts, now or late belonging to the said Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter, deceased, situate, lying and being on the North Side of, and adjoining to the said Piece or Parcel of Land lastly hereinbefore described ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pafture Land containing by Statute Meafure Two Acres Three Roods and Six Perches or thereabouts, now or late belonging to Admiral Sir Roger Curtis Baronet, situate, lying and being on the North Side of and adjoining to the said Piece or Parcel of Land lastly hereinbefore described, which said Three last mentioned Pieces or Parcels of Pafture Land are bounded on the North by Land belonging to the said Ann Burrell, on the South and West by Land of the said John Burrell, and on the East by the Turnpike Road aforesaid ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable I.and containing by Statute Meafure Four Acres One Rood and Eleven Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said Ann Burrell, situate, lying and being in the said Parifh of Wymering; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Arable Land containing by Statute Meafure Three Acres Two Roods and One Perch or thereabouts, also belonging to the said Ann Burrell, situate, lying and being in the said Parifh of Portsea, adjoining the said Piece or Parcel 16	of





A.D. 18 i 3*	54* GEO. III. C. 43.	185

of Land lastly hereinbefore deferibed at the East End thereof, and bounded on the North partly by Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, partly by Land of the said John Burrell hereinbefore deferibed, and partly by Land of John Hubbard, James Soaper and George Dawfon, on the latter of which (lands a Public House called The King’s Head, on the South partly by Land of the said John Burrell hereinbefore deferibed, and partly by the said Land of the said John Morey, on the Eall by the (aid Turnpike [ Road, and on the West partly by the last mentioned Land of the said John Morey, and partly by Land of the said John Burrell hereinbefore deferibed 5 and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Meafure Two Acres Two Roods and Thirteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said Ann Burrell, situate, lying and being near the fud Piece or Parcel of Land lastly hereinbefore deferibed, and abutted and bounded on the North by the said Land of the said Thomas Hopkins, on the South by the said Land of the said John Hubbard, on the East by the Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the West by Land of the said John Burrell, hereinbefore deferibed; and also all that Farm House, with the Stables, Cart Houses, Bams, Granary and other Outhouses, Farm Yard, Garden and Orchard thereunto belonging; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land thereunto adjoining, containing together by Statute Meafure Ten Acres and Thirty three Perches or thereabouts, also belonging to the said Ann Burrell, situate and being on the West Side of the said Turnpike Road, and bounded on the North by Land of the said Devifecs in Trull of the said Sir John Carter, on the South by Land now or late of the said Sir Roger Curtis, on the East by the Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the West by Land of the laid Devifees in Truft hereinbefore deferibed 5 and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land lately Arable, containing by Statute Meafure Four Acres One Rood and Thirty fix Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said John Morey, now j0i,n Morey, used and occupied as Garden Ground, situate and being in the said Parilh of Portsea, and bounded on the North by Land of the said Ann Burrell hereinbefore deferibed, on the South partly by Land of the said John Burrell, adjoining a Public House there, called.

The Green Poft, and partly by a Meadow of the said John Morey, on the East partly by other Land of the said Ann Burrell hereinbefore deferibed, and partly by the Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the Well partly by other Land of the said Ann Burrell also * hereinbefore deferibed, and partly by other Land of the said John Burrell also hereinbefore deferibed ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Meafure Five Acres and Twenty five Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said Richard Richard Ar.tram Antram and Joseph Crafler, situate, lying and being in the said Parifti of Wymering, and bounded on the North by the Land next hereinafter deferibed, on the South by Land of the said Ann Burrell hereinbefore deferibed, and on the East and West by Land of the said John Burrell also hereinbefore deferibed; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land used as a Road from the Turnpike Rond aforesaid to the said Piece or Parcel of Land lastly hereinbefore deferibed; ar.d also all that newly erected MefTuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, Yard and Garden thereunto belonging, now used as a

public





186

George Da w ion.

James Soaper.

John Hubbard.

Thoma*

Hopkins.

C. 43.	54* GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Public House, called The King’s Head belonging to George Daw-fun ; and also all that old Cottage adjoining the fame, with the Appurtenances, also belonging to George Dawfon, situate and being in the Parifti of Wymcring aforesaid, adjoining the said London Turnpike Road, and bounded on the North by the said Road leading to the said Piece or Parcel of Arable Land be-longing to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, and by the Stables and Land of the said John Hubbard, on the South by Land of the said Ann Burrell, on the East by the London Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the West by Land of James Soaper; and also all that Cottage and Land of the said Jamea Soaper, situate and being at the Back of the said Premifes lastly hereinbefore deferibed, bounded on the North by the said Road leading into the said Piece or Parcel of Arable Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, and the Premifes of the said John Hubbard, on the South and West by the said Land of the said Ann Burrell, and on the East by the Land and Premifes lastly hereinbefore deferibed; and also all that Mefluage, Tenement or Dwelling House, with the Stables, Outhouses, Yard, Garden and Land, containing by Statute Meafure One Acre and Thirty fix' Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said John Hubbard, in the Occupation of	Mackenzie	Esquire, Barrack Mailer

at Hilfea Barracks, situate and being in the Pariih of Wymering aforesaid, bounded on the North by Land of the said Ann Burrell, on the South by the said Road leading into the Piece of Arable Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph,Crafler, on the East by the London Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the West by other Land of the said John Burrell hereinbefore deferibed; and also all those Four Meffuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, with the Carpenter’s Shop, Saw House, Yards and Appurtenances belonging to Thomas Hopkins, now or late pi the Occupation of James Carter and Edward Catchlove 5 and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Statute Meafure Three Roods and Seven Perches or thereabouts, also belonging to the (aid Thoma* Hopkins, situate and being on the West Side or Back of the said first mentioned Mefluage and Premises, in the said Pariih of Wymer-ing, bounded on the North by other Land and a Cottage of the said John Burrell, on the South by Land b^lpnging partly to the said Ann Burrell, partly to the feia John Burrell, aud partly to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, on the East by the Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the West by other Land of the said John Burrell; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Two Me linages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, Barns, Stables andC^ft Honfes Handing on the East Epd thereof, containing together by Statute Meafure Three Acres Qnc Rpod and Thirty nine Perches or thereabouts 5 and also all that other ,Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Cottages and Cart Houfes Handing on or near the East End thereof, containing together by Statute Meafure Three Acrqs and Two Roods or thereabouts ; and also all that Mefluage, Tenement or Dwelling House, with the Stable and other Appurtenances now used as a Public House, called The Coach and Horfes 5 jEnd also all that Piece or Parcel of Land adjoining the fame, now pfed as a Garden thereto, which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land, Mefluagcs pr Tenements, Cottages, Buildings and Premifes





*87

A.D. i«i3*	54°	GEO. HI.	C. 43^

laftly hereinbefore described, belonging to the said Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, are situate in the Parifh Sir John Cuter, of Wymering aforesaid, and are bounded on the North partly by a Road leading from the Turnpike Road aforesaid into other Lands of the said Devifees in Trust, and partly by Land of John Deliver Esquire, hereinafter described, on the South by Land of the laid	«

Ann Burrell, on the East by the Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the West partly by Land of the said John Hellycr, and partly by Land of the said Ann Burrell; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Two Acres and Thirty three Perches or thereabouts belonging to the said Deviftes in Trull of the said Sir John Carter deceased, situate in the said Parifh of Wymering, and bounded on the North by the said Road leading from the Turnpike Road aforesaid, on the South by Land of the said Ann Burrell, on the East by Land of the said John Hellycr next hereinafter described ; and on the West by the said Road leading to the said other Lands of the said Devifees in Truft ; and aifo all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Two Acres Three Roods and Eighteen Perches or thereabouts; and also the Cottage and its Appurtenances, erected and (landing on or near the Eail End thereof, belonging to the said John Hellyer, situate, John Hellyer. lying and being in the said Parifh of Wymering, and bounded on the North by the laid Road leading out of the said Turnpike Road to the Lands of the Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and on the South, Eail and West by the Lands of the said Devifees in Truft lastly hereinbefore described ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Seven Acres and Thirty four Perches or thereabouts,. with the newly erected Cottage at the East End thereof, belonging to William Goldfinch WiHIam Esquire, situate, lying and being in the said Parifti of Wymering, UoldHuck and bounded on the North by the Land belonging to the Devifees m Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, next hereinafter described, on the South by the said Road leading to other Lands of the said Devifees in Trust, on the East by a small Piece of certain Wafte Lands called Hilfea Green, lately allotted under an A& of Parliament paiTed for that Purpose, to William Pad-wick the Younger, and fold by him to the said William Goldfinch, and on the West by other Lands of the said Devifees in Trust; and also the (aid last mentioned small Piece of Wafte Land, lying between the said Land of the said William Goldfinch, lastly hereinbefore described, and the Turnpike Road aforesaid, containing by Statute Mealure Thirty eight Perches or thereabout*, on Part of which the Public Pound lately stood ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Eight Acres and Twenty two Perches or thereabouts, lately Part of the said Wafte Lands of the Parilh of Wymering, called Hilfea Green^ allotted under the said A cl of Parliament to the (aid Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, situate Sir John Carter, and being on the West Side of the said Turnpike Road, and bound- d on the North partly by Land of His Majesty, and partly by Land of Thomas Thiftlethway te Esquire, next hereinafter described, allotted to him as Lord of the Manor of Walk (worth, on the South by the said Land of the said William Goldfinch, and the laid small Piece of Wafte JUafid lastly hereinbefore described,

on



C. 43-	54* GECXHI.	A.D.181J.

on the East partly by the said Land of the said Thomas Thiftlethwayte, and partly by the Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the West by other Land of the said Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased ; and also all that the said Piece or Parcel t h m	J-*and belonging to the said Thomas Thiftlethwayte, containing

' e 7 # by Statute Meafure One Acre One Rood and Ten Perches, be the fame more or less, adjoining the said Piece or Parcel of Land, lastly hereinbefore deferibed, ana bounded on the North by Land of Hia Majesty, on the East by the Turnpike Road aforesaid, and on the South and West by the said Land lastly hereinbefore deferibed ; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Five Acres Three Roods and Two Perches belonging to the said Thomas Thiftlethwayte, being other Part of the said Wafte Land called Hilfea Green, allotted to nim as Lord of the said Manor of Wallefworth, situate on the East Side of the said Turnpike Road, and bounded on the North by Land of His Majesty, on the South and East by Lands of the said John Hellyer, next hereinafter deferibed, and on the West by the said Turnpike Road; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land containing by Statute Meafure Seven Acres and Twenty four Perches, or thereabouts; and also all those Two other Pieces or Parcels of Land, one containing by Statute Meafure One Acre and Twenty seven Perches or thereabouts, situate on the West Part of the said Piece of Arable Land, being Part of the said Wafte Lands called Hilfea Green, and the other on the East Part of the said Piece of Arable Land, containing by Statute Meafure Five Acres Three Roods or thereabouts, being other Part of the said Wafte Lands called The Great Common, which said Three John Hellyer. last mentioned Pieces or Parcels of Land belong to the said John Hellyer, and bounded on the North partly by the Land lastly hereinbefore deferibed, and partly by Land of His Majesty, on the South by Land of the said William Pad wick the Younger, on the East by other Land of His said Majesty, and on the West by the said Turnpike Road; and also all that Meffuage or Tenement, or Farm House, Barns, Stable, Yard, Garden, Orchard and other Appur-William	tenances thereunto, belonging to the said William Padwick the

Fad wick.	Younger, situate and being in the said Parifti of Wymering, contain-

ing together by Statute Meafure One Acre Two Roods and Twenty fix Perches, be the fame more or less, and bounded on the North by Land of the said Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, on the South partly by other Land of the said Devifees in Trust, and partly by other Land of the said William Padwick the Younger next hereinafter deferibed, on the East by the last mentioned Land of the said William Padwick the Younger, and on the West by other Land of the said William Padwick the Younger, late Part of Hilfea Green ; and also all that Piece or Pared of Arable Land, containing by Statute Meafure Nineteen Acres Two Roods and Thirty eight Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said William Padwick the Younger, situate, lying and being in tl^faid Parifh of Wymering, being Part of a Field called Ham Field, and bounded on the North by the said Land of the said John Hellyer hereinafter deferibed, on the South by a Road leading from Hufea Green, on the East by other Lands of the said William Padwick the Younger hereinafter deferibed, and on the West partly by other Lauda of the said William Eadwick the Younger, being

Part

Thomas





54“ GEO. m,

AD. 1813.

C.43.

Fart of the Wafte Lands called Hilfea Green, and partly by Lands of the said Devifeea in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, partly by an Orchard of the said William Pad wick the Younger, and partly by Lands of Charles Walker and of the said Ann Burrell ; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called North Field ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land at the East End thereof, containing together by Statute Mea-fnre Twenty nine Acres Three Roods and Thirty five Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said William Pad wick the Younger, situate in the said Parifli of Wymering, and bounded on the North partly by Ham Field and partly by other Land allotted to the said William Pad wick the Younger, being other Part of the said Wafts Lands called The Great Common, on the East by Land of the laid Devifeea in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and 00 the West partly by Ham Field aforesaid and partly by a small Parcel of Wafte Land next hereinafter described, lying between Ham Field and North Field ; and also all that the said last mentioned small Piece or Parcel of Wafte Land ; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure One Acre Two Roods and One Perch or thereabouts, other Part of the said Wafte Land called Hilfea Green, allotted to the said William Pad-wick the Younger under the said Aft of Parliament, and bounded on the North by Land of the said John Hellyer hereinbefore described, on the South by Land of the Lid Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, on the East by Part of Ham Field, and od the West by the said Turnpike Road; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Two Acres Two Roods and Twenty five Perches, or thereabouts, being other Part of the said Wafte Land of the said Parifli of Wymer-ing called Hilfea Green, so allotted to the said William Paawick the Younger, and bounded on the North by the Land of the said Devifees m Truft of Sir John Carter deceased, lastly hereinbefore described, on the South by a Road laid out by the Commiflioners of Indofure under and by virtue of the said Aft, on the East partly by the said Farm House and other Lands of the said William Pad wick the Younger hereinbefore described, partly by Lands of the said Devifees in Truft of the said Charles Walker and of the hid Ann Burrell, and on the West by the said Turnpike Road 5 and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Statute Meafure Twenty seven Acres and Fourteen Perches or thereabouts, being other Part of the Wafte Lands of the said Parifli of Wymenng, called The Great Common, so allotted to the Caud William Padwick the Younger a9 aforesaid, and bounded on the North partly by Land allotted to the said John Hellyer, and partly by Land of His Majesty, on the South by North Field hereinbefore described, on the East by other Part of the said Great Common allotted to the said Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and on the West by Ham Field; and also all that other small Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Statute Meafu^ Three Roods and Thirty fix Perches or thereabouts, other Part of the Wafte Lands called The Great Common, allotted to the laid William Padwick the Younger, and bounded on the North by* other Part of the Lid Common allotted to the said John Burrell, on the East by other Part of the said Common allotted to the faid

Ana





189

i$>o	C.43.	GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Ann Burrell Widow, and on the West; by other Bart of the said Common allotted to the said Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased 5 and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Statute Meafure. Seventeen Acres Two Roods and Eight Perches or thereabouts, other Part of the said Wafte Lands called The Great Common, allotted to the said William Pad wick the Younger, and bounded on the North and West by other Parts of the said Common allotted to Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, on the South by Lands of the said Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and on the East by Langfton Harbour, all which said Lands of the said William Pad wick the Younger are let on Leafe to the said William Hopkins for a Term of which about Sixteen Years aTe now unexpired 5 and also all that Meffuage, Tenement or Cottage, and Bam, with their Appurtenances, and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land on Part of which the fame (land, containing by Statute Meafure Two Acres and Thirty nine Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said Devifees in Truft of Sir John Carttr. the	Sir J0hn Carter deceased, situate and being in the faid

Parifli of Wymering : and also all that other small Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Three Acres Two Roods and Twenty fix Perches or thereabouts, also belonging to the said Devifees in Truft adjoining on the North Part of the said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Land, and bounded together on the North and East by Ham Field, on the South partly by the fame Field and partly by the Barns and Farm Yard of the said William Padwickthe Younger, in the Occupation of William Hopkins, and bn the West by other Land, Part of Hilfea Green, allotted to the said Devifees in Truft under the said A€t; and also all that small Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Two Roods or thereabouts, belonging to the laid Devifees in Trust, situate and being on the South Part of the said Bam and Farm Yard of the laid William Padwick the Younger, and bounded on the North East and West by the said Barn and Farm Yard and Land of the said William Padwick the Younger, and on the South by Tenements and Land of Charles Walker; and also all that other small Piece or Parcel of Land belonging to the said Devifees in Trust, situate and being opposite the East Side of Hilfea Barracks in the said Parifti of Wymering, and bounded on the North by a McfTuage and Land of the said William Hopkins, on the South by a Meffuage and Land late of Thomas Sandon, but now of John Green, on the East by Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, Part of Inn Field, and on the West by the Public Road leading to Hilfea Green ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Lana, situate, lying and being in the said Parifli of Wymering, in a Field called Inn Field, and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Arable Land adjoining the East Side of the said last mentioned Land, containing together by Statute Meafure Twenty Acres Two Roods and Thirty Perches Or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or ^Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Meafure Four Acres Three Roods and Twenty five Perches or thereabouts, being the remaining Part of an Inclofure now interfered by a Road laid out under and by virtue of the said A & of Parliament for dividing and allotting the Common Fields and Wafte Lands of the Pa-rifties of Wymering and Widley, and Part of a Field called Carfton

12	Field,



^4* geo. hi.

C.43.

191

Field, all which Three several Iail mentioned Pieces or Parcels of Land belong to the said Detifees in Trull of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and are bounded on the North by another Road laid out tmder and by virtue of the said Aft of Parliament, on the South partly by a Field called Seedlip, belonging to the said Richard Aetram and Joseph Crafler, and partly by other Land of the said Devifees in Trull hereinafter described, Part of the Walle allotted to them under the said A61, on the East partly by a Field called Carfton Field, belonging to the said Ann Burrell, and partly by a Piece of L«and hereinafter described, belonging to the Vicar of Wy-mering, and on the Well by the said Field called Inn Field; and also all that other small Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure One Acre and Twelve Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the said Devifees in Trull, situate, lying and being in the said Parifh of Wymering, and bounded on the North by other Lands of the said Devifees in Trust, Part of the said Walle Land called The Great Common, allotted to them the said Devifees under the said A61, on the South by the said Road laid out by the said CommiffionerB under the said Aft, running from Hilfea Green Eall-vrard, on the Eall by Land of the said John Burrell, and on the West by Land of the said William Padwick the Younger; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Two Acres One Rood and One Perch or thereabouts, Part of Hilfea Green, allotted to the said Devifees iu Trull of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and bounded on the North and South by other Parts of Hilfea Green, allotted to the said William Padwick the Younger, on the East by other Lands of the said Devifees hereinbefore described, and on the West by the said London Turnpike Road; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Twelve Acres Three Roods and Thirty Perches or thereabouts. Part of the said Wafte Lands called The Great Common, allotted to the said Devifees in Trust, and bounded on the North by Land of HU said Majessy, on the South by other Land of the said Devifees in Truft hereinbefore described, on the East partly by other Part of the said Wafte Land allotted to the laid John Burrell, and partly hv the Arable Land of the said Wiliam Padwick the Younger, ana on the Well by other Land of the laid William Padwick the Younger; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Five Acres Three Roods and Si* Perches or thereabouts, Part of the Walle Land of the Parifh of Wymering, allotted to the said Devifees in Trust, and bounded on the North by the Arable Lands of the said Devifees in • Truft in Inn Field and Carfton Field hereinbefore described, on the South by Lands of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, and of tne said Ann Burrell Widow, on the East by Lands of the laid Ann Burrell, and running to a Point on the West Part thereof; and also all those Two Mefluages, Tenements or Cottages,- and Gardens, with their Appurtenances, belonging to Charles Walker and Charles Walker. ‘Charles Walker the Younger, situate, lying and being in the Parifli of Wymering aforesaid, bounded on the North by Land of the said Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, on the South by Six Tenements or Cottages, and Land of the said Ann Burrell, on the East by Ham Field aforesaid, and on the Well by the said R&d leading to the said Cottages on Hilfea Green j and also all

thofe



I92

Aim Burrell

John Bun ell

C. 43.	540	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1813.

those the said Six Meffuages, Tenements or Cottages and Gardena belonging to the said Ann Burrell, bounded on the North by the said Cottages and Gardens of the said Charles Walker and Charles Walker the Younger, on the South and Eall by Land of the said William Padwick the Younger* and on the West by the said Road leading to the said Cottages on Hilfea Green ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Thirty four Acres One Rood and Sixteen Perches or thereabouts, Part of the said Field called Garfton Field, belonging to the said Ann Burrell Widow, and bounded on the North partly by the said Road running from Kdfea Green to the Eaftward, and partly by Land of the Right He lOurable Richard Viscount Powerfcourt and the Vicar of Wymering, on the South by certain Walle Lands* allotted partly to the said Ann Burrell, partly to the said Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and partly by Land of Sherborne and John Henry Stewart, Esquires, called New Mead, on the East by another Road fet out under the said Indofure Aft, between Garfton Field and Land of the said Devifees in Truft* called East Field, and on the West partly by Land of the said Lord Powerfcourt, partly by Land of the said Devifees in Trust, and partly by other Lands allotted to them the said Devifees in Trust, and to the said Ann Burrell; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land* containing by Statute Meafure Twenty four Acres One Rood and Twenty two Perches or thereabouts, Part of the said Wafte Lands of the Parifh of Wymering, called The Great Common, allotted to the said Ann Burrell under the said Aft of Parliament, and bounded on the North partly by Lands of His Majesty and partly by the Harbour of Lang ft on, on the South partly by the said Road leading from Hilfea Common to the Eaftward, partly by Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, on the East partly by Langfton Harbour, and partly by the said Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, and on the West by other Part of the said Wafte Land called The Great Common, allotted to the said John Burrell and William Padwick the Younger hereinafter deferibed; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure One Acre One Rood and Thirty one Perches or thereabouts, also Part of the Wafte Land of the said Parifh of Wymering, allotted under the said Aft of Parliament to the said Ann Burrell, and bounded on the North by other Part of the said Wafte Land allotted to the said Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, on the South by the said Land of the faid	Sherborne	and

John Henry Stewart, called New Mead, on the East by Garftou Field aforesaid, and on the West by other Part of the said Wafte Land, allotted to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler; and also all those Two Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing together by" Statute Meafure Five Acres One Rood and Twenty Perches or thereabouts, being other Part of the said Wafte Lands of the Parifh of Wymering, called The Great Common, allotted under the said Aft of Parliament to the said John Burrell, and being interfefted by the fmull Piece of Land hereinbefore deferibed, containing Three Roods and Thirty fix Perches, allotted to the said William Padwick the Younger, and bounded on the North by Land of His Majesty, on the South by the said Road leading from Hilfea Common to the Eaftward, on the East by the laid Land allotted to the said Ann

Burrell,

l93

A.D. 1813.	540	GEO.	IIL	C.	43.

BunrA, and on the West by Land allotted to the said Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased; and also all that small Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Meafure Two Roods and Nineteen Perches, or thereabouts, belonging to the Vicar of Wymering, bounded on the North by the said Road lead-ing from Hilfea Green to the Eaftward, on the South by Land be- ymenDJ* longing to the said Ann Burrell, called Garfton Field, hereinbefore described, on the West by Land belonging to the said Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased also hereinbefore described, and on the East by the Piece of Land next hereinafter described; and alio all that small Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Meafure One Rood and Twenty nine Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the Right Honourable Richard Viscount Powerf-court, and joining the East Side of the said last mentioned Land, and bounded on the North by the said Road leading from Hilfea Green to the Eaftward, and on the South and East by Garfton Field aforesaid, and on the West by the Piece of Land lastly hereinbefore defcnbed ; and also all that Meffuage, Tenement or Farm House,

Barns, Stables, Cart Houfes and other Out Houfcs, Farm Yard,

Garden, Orchard, Rick Yard and other Appurtenances, belonging to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, in the Occupa- Richard Antrim tion of John Green, situate and being in the said Parifti of Wymer- Joseph ing, and containing in Statute Meafure Two Roods and Nine ^rafler*

Perches, be the fame more or less, and bounded on the North by the said Road leading from Hilfea Green to the Eaftward, on the Socth partly by a Meffuage and Land of the said William Hopkins, and partly by other Land of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, called Inn Field, next hereinafter described, on the East by the said Field called Inn Field, on the West partly by a small triangular Piece of Wafte Land, on Part of which is a Pond, and partly by the Public Road lying between the said Farm Yard and Prrmifes and Hilfea Green ; and also the said triangular small Piece of Wafte Land, containing Thirty one Roods by Statute Measure, be the fame more or less ; and also ail that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land called Inn Field, containing by Statute Meafure Twenty two Acres and Twenty three Perches or thereabouts, also belonging to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, adjoining the said Farm, Rick Yards and Garden lastly hereinbefore described, and bounded on the North by the said Road leading from Hdfea Green to the Eaftward, on the South partly by Lands of Admiral Sir Roger Curtis Baronet, called Bittlesome, and partly by other Lands, belonging to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, called Seedlip, 011 the East by Land of the said Devifees in’

Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and on the West by the said Rick Yard and other Premifes of the said Richard Antram and Jof~ph Crafler, and by Land and Gardens belonging to the said William Hopkins, Richard Pittis, and the Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and John Green 5 and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Meafure Twenty five Acres Three Rood| and Thirty two Perches or thereabouts, Part of a Field called Seedlip, belonging to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler in the said Parifh of Wymer-iag, bounded on the North partly by Inn Field aforesaid, and partly an'^ ' ^tr*ni by Land of the said Devifees in Trnft of the said Sir John Carter trailer. *

54 Geo, III,	O	deceased,





194

William

Hopkins.

Richaxd Pittis.

C. 43.	54*	GEO. III.	A.D.1S13.

deceased, and of the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, on the South by other Part of the said Field called Seedlip Field, on the East by other Wafte Laud allotted to them the said Richard Antram and Joseph Craller, and on the West by Land of Admiral Sir Roger Curtis Baronet, called Bittlefome Field, hereinafter de-fcribed ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure One Acre Three Roods and Thirty eight Perches, Part of Hilfea Green aforesaid, allotted to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Craller under the said Adi of Parliament, bounded on the North, East and West by Roads leading to Hilfea Green, and on the South by Lands of His Majesty adjoining Hilfea Barracks; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Six Acres Three Roods and Fifteen Perches, or thereabouts, Part of the Wafte of the said Parifti of Wymering allotted to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, together with the Ponds or Watering Places on or near the fame, adjoining the said Field called Seedlip, and lying between the fame and tne Wafte Lands allotted to the said Devifees in Trull of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and the said Ann Burrell; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Twenty one Acres One Rood and Twenty fix Perches or thereabouts. Part of the Wafte in the said Parifli of Wymering, called The Great Common, allotted to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler under the said Adi of Parliament, bounded on the North and West by Land of the said Ann Burrell (other Part of the said Common hereinbefore defcribed), on the South partly by the said Road^rom Hilfea Green running Eaftward hereinbefore described, and partly by Land of the said William Padwick the Younger, also Part of the said Common, and on the East partly by the Harbour of Lang-fton and partly by the said Land of the said William Padwick the Younger 5 and also all those Two Mefluages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, Out Houfes and Garden belonging to the said William Hopkins, situate and being in the said Parim of Wymering, and bounded on the North by Land and Premifes belonging to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler hereinbefore described, on the East by Inn Field aforesaid, on the South by a Mefluage and Garden of the said Richard Pittis, and on the West by the Public Road leading to Hilfea Green; and also all those Three other Mefluages or Cottages, and Garden, belonging to the said William Hopkins, situate and being on the South Side of the said Mefluage and Garden of the said Richard Pittis, and between the fame and a small Piece of Land of the said Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased ; and also all that other Mefluage, Barn, Garden and Appurtenances belonging to the said William Hopkins; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land belonging to the said William Hopkins adjoining the South Side of the said Premifes lastly hereinbefore described, containing by Statute Meafure Eight Acres Two Roods „ and Twenty nine Perches, be the fame more or less, and bounded on the North and East partly by a Cottage and Garden late of the faidwThomas Sandon, but now of John Green, and partly by Inn Field aforesaid, on the South by Land of the (aid Sir Roger Curtis, and on the West by the said Public Road leading to Hilfea Green; and also all that the laid Mefluage, Tenement or Dwelling House, and Garden, belonging to the said Richard Pittis, bounded on the North

and

<^.ooQle

*95

ji.d. id 13.

54° ceo. ni.

c.43.

zrd South by the said Mefluages and Gardens of the (aid William Hopkins, on the East by Inn Field aforesaid, and on the West by the said Road last mentioned ; and also all those Three Mefluages,

Tenements or Cottages, and Gardens, belonging to the said John Green, adjoining the North Side of the Premifes lastly hereinbefore J°l,n Green, d’scribed, and bounded on the North by the said small Piece of Land of the said Devi fees in Trail of the said Sir John Carter deceased, on the South by Mefluages and Lands of the said William Hopkins, cn the East by Inn Field aforesaid, and on the West by the said last mentioned Public Road ; and also all that capital Manfion or Dwelling House, with the Lawn, Avenue, Shrubbery, Stables, Yard,

Garden, Orchard, Pond, Out Houses, Buildings and Farm Yard

thereunto belonging, containing by Statute Meafure Five Acres

One Rood and Twelve Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the

Lid Sir Roger Curtis, lituate and being in the Panflies of Wymering S»r Roger

2nd Portfea aforesaid ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land on Curtis.

the North Side of the said Avenue and Shrubbery in the said Parifh

of Wymering, containing by Statute Meafure Five Acres Two.

Roods and Twenty one Perches, be the fame more or less ; and also that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land on the South Side of the said Avenue and Shrubbery in the said Parilh of Portsea, containing by Statute Meafure Ten Acres One Rood and Thirty Perches, be the fame more or less ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Pafture Land on the South Side of the said Manfion in the said Parifh of Portsea, adjo:cLig the said Public Road leading to Hilfea Green, containing by Statute Meafure Two Acres Three Roods and Eighteen Perches, be the fame more or less; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Paf-tore Land adjoining the Land lastly hereinbefore deferibed, containing by Statute Meafure Three Acres Three Roods and Twenty four Prrcbes, be the fame more or less; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Arable Land adjoining the South Side of the above mentioned Lands, containing by Statute Meafure Eleven Acres Two Roods and Eight Perches, be the fame more or less ; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Arable Land on the East Side thereof, containing by Statute Meafure Six Acres Three Roods and Twenty two Perches or thereabouts, be the fame more or less ; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, situate on the East Side of the Land lastly hereinbefore deferibed, and containing by Statute Meafure Seven Acres and Six Perches, be the fame more or less, all which said last mentioned Lands also belong to the said Sir Roger Curtis, and lie contiguous to his said capital Manfion or Dwelling House, and are bounded on the North by Land of His Lid Mrtjefty on Part of which Hilfea Barracks (land, on the South partly by Land belonging to the said Right Honourable Richard Vif-coont Pourerfcourt, partly to the Heirs or Reprefentatives of John R;dge deceased, and partly to the College of Winchelter, on the Eik by the said Public Road leading to Hilfea Green, and on the West by the London Turnpike Road aforesaid and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Arable Land, containing by Statute Mea-kit Nine Acres One Rood and Thirty fix Perches or thereabouts, dL belonging to the said Sir Roger Curtis Baronet, situate and bfirg in the laid Parifh of W ymering dk the East Side of the said PabUc Road leading to Hilfea Green, beiiig the greater Part of a Field called Bittldome, bounded on the North partly by the Land

O 2	of





John Burrell. Ann Burrell.

Charles Hammond.

James btecil,

See.

Humphrey

Smith.

Lands, &c. helonving to John Brain.

Winch eftcr College.

John Rulgc.

C.43*	{4°	QEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

of the said William Hopkins* and partly by Inn Field aforesaid, belonging to the said Richard Antram and Joseph Crafler, on the South Side by the remaining Part of the said Field called Bittle-fome Field! on the East by Seedlip Field aforesaid, and on the West by the said Public Road leading to Hilfea Green ; and alfa all that MefTuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, belonging to Samuel Spicer, now used as a Public Houle, called The Battle of Minden, with the Stables, Out Houses, Yards and Gardens thereunto belonging ; and also all those Six Mefluages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, Stables, Yard, Garden and other Appurtenances, belonging to John Burrell the elder, and now occupied by himself, William Jenkins and Thomas Smith, Baker, and others ; and also all that Black-fmith’s Shop and its Appurtenances, belonging to the said Ann Burrell Widow, adjoining the said last mentioned Mefluages ; and also all that Meffuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, Garden and oth^r Appurtenances, belonging to Charles Hammond ; and also all those Two newly creeled Mefluages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, Yards and Garden, belonging to James Steed and John Rood, oroue of them ; and also all that Meffuage, Tenement or Dwelliug House, with the Baker’s Shop, Stables, Yard and other Appurtenances;, and also a final! Wooden Tenement and Garden, belonging to Humphrey Smith, all which said several last mentioned Mefluages or Tenements and Premifes are situate and being in the said Panfh of Wymering on the West Side of Hilfea Barracks aforesaid, between the fame Barracks and the London Turnpike Road aforesaid.

B.

The SECOND SCHEDULE to which this A61 refers, marked B. comprizing the Mefluages, Lands, See. in Peft House Field, Portf-mouth.

ALL those several Pieoes or Parcels of Arable Land, containing by Statute Meafure Sixteen Acres Two Roods and Fifteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the Devifees in Truft of John Brain deceased, lying difperfedffy in a Common Field, called Peft House Field otherwise East Dock Field otherwise Fountain Field, situate in the Parifli of Portsea, in the County of Southampton ; and also all those Nine Mefluages or Tenements and a Storehouse, also belonging to the said Devifees in Truft of the said John Brain, with the Yards Gardens and Appurtenances thereto belonging, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field, Seven whereof are situate on the West Side of a Street called Portland Street, and the other Two with the said Storehoufe on the East Side thereof; and also an Ere<flion or Building now (landing on Part of the said Land hereinbefore deferibed, now in Leafe to Henry Colville, and used by him as a Timber Yard ; and also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, containing together by Statute Meafure Four Acres Two Roods and Sixteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the College of Winchcfter, and now in Leafe to Thomas Thiftlethwayte Esquire, lying d.iperfedly in the said Common Field ; and also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, containing by Statute Meafure Four Acres Two Roods and Thirty Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the Devifees in Truft of John Ridge Efquire deceased, lying dispersedly in the laid Common Field; and also all those feveral

Pieces

CjOOQle

*97

A.D.i8i3*

54° GEO. III.

C*43#

Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, containing together by Statute Meafure Five Acres Three Roods and Twenty fix Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the Right Honourable Richard Viscount Lord Power!* Powerfcourt, lying dispersedly in the said Common Field; and also comt. all those several Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, containing together by Statute Meafure One Acre Two Roods and Twenty one Perches or thereabouts, belonging to Sarah Goldsmith, lying Sar?h Goli-difperfedly in the said Common Field ; and also all those Two Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, containing together by Statute Meafure Three Roods and Twenty nine Perches or thereabouts, belonging to Richard Godman Temple Esquire, lying dispersedly R. G. Temple, in the said Common Field ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Two Acres Two Roods and Eleven Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the Trustees of a Society of Society for Perfons employed in His Majefty’s Dock Yard, eftabliftied for the buying Bread, Purpofe of supplying themselves with Bread and Flour, situate in the &c* said Common Field; and also the Meffuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, Wind Mill, Bake House and Store Houses, built and erected on the said last mentioned Piece of Land, or on some Part thereof; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Two Roods and Twenty eight Perches or thereabouts, belonging to James Gravener, situate, lying and being in James Gravener. the said Common Field; and also the Boat Builder’s Shop, and Other Ere&ions or Buildings (landing thereon or on some Part thereof; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Statute Meafure Two Roods and Thirty fix Perches or thereabouts, belonging to Joseph Elliot Lath, situate, lying and being in the j.£.Lath. find Common Field ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Statute Meafure One Rood and eight Perches or thereabouts, belonging tc Robert Fricker, situate, lying and being Robert Flicker, in the said Common Field ; and also all that Mefluage, Tenement or Dwelling House, with the Appurtenances, erected by the said Robert Fricker, at or near the South End of the said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Land; and also all those Seven Mef-fuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houfes belonging to William William Stew-Stewart, with the Yards, Gardens and Appurtenances thereto, art* situate, lying and being in the said Common Field, in a Row of Buildings called Stewart’s Row ; and also all that Meffuage or Public House, called or known by the Name of the Windmill, belonging to William Garrett and George Garrett, situate and W and G. Gar* being on the North West Corner of the said Common Field ; and Iett-alfo all that other Meffuage, Tenement or Dwelling House also belonging to the said William Garrett and George Garrett, situate on the West Side of the said Public Houle ; and also all those Two other Meffuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, also belonging to the said William Garrett and George Garrett, situate at the Back or South Part of the (aid Public House, with Yards,

Gardens and Appurtenances to the said Four several Meffuages

or Tenements belonging ; and also all that Meffuage, Tenement

or Dwelling House belonging to Daniel Wheeler, with the Yard, x>anlel Wheeler.

Garden and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being in the faid

Row of Building# called Stewart’s Row; and also all that Mcf-

fuage. Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to Charles Round- Charles Round-

tfet, with the Yard, Garden and Appurtenances thereto, situate tree.

0 3

and

C -

ipS

C.43,

540 GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

James Ford.

William Pur-dew.

John Varley.

Joseph Cave.

and being in the said Row of Buildings called Stewart’s Row; and also all those Five Meffuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houfes belonging to James Ford, with the Yards, Garden and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being in the said Row of Buildings called Stewart’s Row ; and also all that Mefiuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to William Purdew, with the Yard and Garden and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being in the said Row of Buildings called Stewart’s Row; and also all those Five Meffuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houfes belonging to John Varley, with the Yards, Garden and Appurtenances thereto; and also a Piece or Parcel of Land belonging to the said John Varley, one of which said Mefluages is situate and being on the West Side of a Street in the said Common Field, called Portland Street, and the other Four Meffuages and the said Piece or Parcel of Land are situate on the East Side thereof; and also all those Five Mefluages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, belonging to Joseph Cave, with the Yards and Appurtenances thereto, Three whereof are situate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street, and the other Two on the East Side thereof; and also all that MefTuage, Tenement William Hewitt. or Dwelling House, belonging to William Hewitt, with the Yard and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street ; and also all those Seven Mef-fuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houfes with the Yards and Appurtenances thereto belonging, together with the Piece or Parcel of Land adjoining the fame, now unbuilt on, belonging to the Devifees Thomas Walker. in Troft of Thomas Walker deceased, situate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all those Three Mefluages, Tenements or Dwelling Houfes belonging to John Fry, with the Yards and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all that MefTuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to	,	with	the Yards and Appurtenances thereto,

fituate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all that MefTuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, with the Appurtenances, belonging to Thomas Afhwood, situate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all that MefTuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to Thomas Seal, with the Yard and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all those Two Meffuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houfes belonging to John Browfe, with the Yards and Appurtenances thereto, situate, lying and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and .also all those Two Mef-ThomaaCannon, fuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houfes belonging to Thomas Cannon, with the Yards and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being on the West Side of the said Street called Portland Street 5 and alio William Pur- all that MefTuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to Wil-chai'e.	liam Purchase, with the Yard and Appurtenances thereto, fituate

and being on the East Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all that MefTuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging Richard Snook, to Richard Snook, with the Yard and Appurtenances thereto, situate and being on the East Side of the said Street called Portland Street; and also all those Nineteen Meffuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, commonly called the Flat Houses, with the Yards, Gardens

and

John Fry.

Thomas Afhwood.

Thomas Seat

John Browfe.





*99

AD.1813.	54°	GEO.	III.	C.43.

«d Appurtenances thereto belonging; and also all that triangular Piece or Parcel of Land on the East Side thereof, belonging to the Devifees in Truft of Sir John Carter Knight, deceased, and to the Devifees or Reprefentatives of	Candy, deceased, fituate

and being in the said Common Field; and also all that Inclofure or Piece or Parcel of Meadow Land, containing by Statute Meafure Two Acres Three Roods and Thirteen Perches or thereabouts, and the Rope Walk, Rope House, and other Ere&ions thereon, also belonging to the fat'd Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter deceased, and now in the Occupation of Charles Taber and

Taber, situate, lying and being on the North Side of the said Common Field, and adjoining the High Road leading from the London Turnpike Road to the Town of Port Tea; and also all that large Storehouse also belonging to the said Devifees in Truft of the said Sir John Carter, now also m the Occupation of the said Charles Taber and	Taber,	situate, lying and being on the

North Side of the said High Road, and between the fame and the Harbour of Portsmouth ; and also all those Two MefTuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houfes also belonging to the said Devifees in Trail, with the Yards, Garden and Appurtenances thereto, adjoining the (aid last mentioned Storehouse, and now also in the Occur pation of the said Charles Taber and	Taber	; and

also all that small Piece or Parcel of Land, also belonging to the said Devifees in Trust, and now used as a Garden, adjoining the said last mentioned MefTuages, and now in the Occupation of

5 and also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Land, con-taining together by Statute Meafure Three Acres and Twenty two Perches or thereabouts, belonging to William Pearce, being Part of and lying at the West End of the Mill Garden, and other Lands also belonging to the said William Pearce, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field ; and also all those Two MefTuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houfes also belonging to the said William Pearce, situate at the West End of the Mill and Garden afore said ; and also all those Twelve MefTuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, alio belonging to the said William Pearce, with the Yards, Gardens and Appurtenances thereto, being Part of a Row of Houfes called Pitt Place, situate on the South Side of the said hereinbefore mentioned Land of the said William Pearce 5 and also all that Meffuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to Edward Harding, with a Yard, Garden and Appurtenances thereto, situate also on the South Side of the {aid Land of the said William Pearce 5 and also all that Meffuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to John Cox, with the Yard, Garden and Appurtenances thereto, being other Part of the said Row of Buildings called Pitt Place 5 and also all that Meffuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to James Stenfon with the Yard, Garden and Appurtenances thereto, being other Part of the said Row of Buildings called Pitt Place ; and also all that Meffuage, Tenement or Dwelling House belonging to Thomas Ironmonger, with the Yard, Garden and Appurtenances thereto, being Part of the said Row of Buildings called Pitt Place ; and also *I\ that Ere&ion or Building with its Appurtenances, now used as a Carpenter’s Shop, belonging to John Sayer, situate, (landing and being at the East End of Pitt Place aforesaid ; and also all those Four several Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing by Statute

O 4	Meafure

Sir John Carter —— Candy.

Sir John Carter.

William Pearce.

Edward Harding.

John Cox.

James Stenfon.

Thomas Ironmonger.

John Sayer.

CjOOQ Le

WilliaraAtSeld.

Dyer Stead.

Thomas HilL

Vicar of Portf-tnouih.

Mary Hancock.

John Hellyer.

Mofes Greet-ham.

Tnom.is Fita-herbert.

James Solfree.

Richard Smith.

Henry Hafkell.

Thomas Haf-kell.

Anthony

Pringle.

George Buckley. John Miller*

Joseph Jefferies.

William Oliver.

Meafure Two Acres and Thirteen Perchep or thereabouts, Part whereof is now used as a Rope Walk, belonging to William Atfield, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field * and also the Storehouse, Pitch-house, Capftan-house, and other Ere&ions, now {landing and being on the said lafl mentioned Pieces or Parcels of Land or on some Part thereof, and used in the said Bufinefs of Ropemaking ; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure One Rood and Twelve Perches or thereabouts, belonging to Dyer Stead, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Two Roods and Eighteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the Devifees in Trad of Thomas Hill deceased, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field ; and also all those Two Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing together by Statute Meafure Two Roods and Sixteen Perches or thereabouts, belonging to the Vicar of the Parifh of Portsmouth, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field; and also all those Four Pieces or Parcels of Land, contain -ing together by Statute Meafure One Acre One Rood and Ten Perches or thereabouts, belonging to Mary Hancock Widow, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field; and also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing together by Statute Meafure Three Acres Three Roods and Twenty five Perches or thereabouts, belonging to John Hellyer Esquire, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field; and also all that small Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Twelve Perches and a Half, belonging to Mofes Greet ham the Elder, Esquire, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field ; and also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Land, belonging to Thomas Fitzherbert, Efquire

!on Part whereof are erected the ieveral Tenements hereinafter de-cribed), containing together by Statute Meafure (exclufive of the Arrears on which the said Tenements and their Appurtenances Hand) Six Acres One Rood and Sixteen Perches or thereabouts, situate, lying and being in the said Common Field; and also all that Me flu age, Tenement or Dwelling House, Outhouse, Garden and Appurtenances, belonging to James Solfree ;• and also all that other Meffuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, Garden and Appurtenances belonging to Richard Smith ; and also all those Two other Mefluages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, Garden and Appurtenances, belonging to Henry Hafkell; and also all those Two other Mefluages, Tenements or Dwelling Houses, Gardens and Appurtenances belonging to Thomas Hafkell; and also all that other Meffuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, Garden and Appurtenances belonging to Anthony Pringle; and also all that other Meffuage, Tenement or Dwelling House, Garden and Appurtenances, belonging to George Buckley ; and also all that other Mefluage, Tenement or Dwelling House, Garden and Appurtenances belonging to John Miller, all which said lall mentioned Nine Mefluages or Tenements and Premifes are erected on several small Pieces or Parcels of Land lately purchased of or from the said Thomas Fitzherbert, and intermixed with his said Land hereinbefore deferibed ; and also all that small Piece or Parcel of Land, belonging to Joseph Jefseries, containing One thousand four hundred and forty Square Feet, or thereabouts ; and also all that other small Piece or Parcel of Land, belonging to William Oliver, containing Eight hundred and feventy

I	Square





201

A*D* 1814*	54° 'GEO* HI*	C. 43) 44*

Square Feet, of thereabouts; and also all that other small Piece or Parcel of JLand, belonging to William King, containing Two thousand William King, ud two hundred Square Feet, or thereabouts, which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land lastly hereinbefore described were pur-chafed of or from the said Thomas Fitzherbert, and are also intermixed with his said Land hereinbefore deferibed, the whole Area of which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land, MefTuages, Tenements or Dwelling Houles, with their Outhouses, Yards, Gardens and Appurtenances, lying dispersedly in the said Common Field called Peft House Field otherwil'e Eail Dock Field otherwise Fountain Field atoresaid, together with the Roads and Streets thereunto belonging, contains in Statute Meafure Sixty five Acres and Nine Perches or thereabouts, and is bounded on the North partly by the Harbour of Portsmouth, partly by Land of the said Charles Taber and TabeT, partly by Land of His Majesty, and partly by Land of the said Devifees in Trull of the said John Brain, forming a Road to certain Tenements called Copenhagen Street, partly by Land and Tenements of Mofes Greetham the Elder, and partly by Land now or late of the said Thomas Fitzherbert and John Hellier, on the Eail partly by Land of the College of Wincheller, forming the Back Part of the Gardens and Tenements in a Row of Buildings facing the High Road from Portsmouth to London, called Eden Row, partly by the Gardens of other Tenements, also facing the said High Road, called Mile End, and partly by other Land of the said Richard Viscount Powcrfcourt, the Devifees in Trull of Thomas Hill deceased, Dyer Stead, William Atfield and William Pearce, abutting against the said Highway, and on the West by Lands of His Majesty adjoining the Glacis of the Fortifications ere&cd round the Town of Portsea, for the Protection of His Majefty’s Dock Yard there ; and also all that triangular Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Statute Meafure Five Acres One Rood or thereabouts, belonging to the Truftces of a certain Charity called Fareham Charity, Fareh.im fkuate, lying and being near Priddy’s Hard Fort, in Front of the Charity. Does at Gosport in the said County of Southampton, bounded on one Side, or the Bafe thereof, by a Road leading to the said Fort, and on the Two other Sides thereof by Land belonging to His Majesty.

CAP. XLIV.

All Adt to continue, until the Twentieth Day of May One EXP* thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an A£l palled in this Seffioa of Parliament, intituled An Aft to Jlayy until the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four-teeny Proceedings in Actions under an Act paJJ'ed in the Forty third Tear of His present Ala]ejlyy to amend the haws relating to Spiritual Perfons.	[19th	April	1814.]	#

4 TI THE RE AS an A£t palled in the present Seflion of Parlia- c.6. ante.

*	VV merit, intituled An Aft to Jlay9 until the Twentieth Day 4 of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, Proceedings in 4 Actons under an Aft puffed in the Forty third Tear of His present 4 Majfyy to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Pcrfons : And

* Whereas it is expedient that the said A£l Ihould be further con-

*	tinued 1 and that all Proceedings stayed under the Provifions thereof

* fliould





continued*

A& vaiied,&r.

43 G. 3. c.cxxiv. |S.

47G.3.Sefl*.a. c. 60.

50 0.3. c. *».

54 G. 3. c. 49.

Si.

Tim# of pur-chafing Quays, dec. extended.

C. 44, 45.	540 GEO. III.	A.D.	1814*

*	(hould remain flayed for a further limited Period ;* Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said recited Acl shall remain and continue in force until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and that all Proceedings which shall have been or which may hereafter be flayed under the Provifions of the said recited Adi, which are continued by this A£l, shall be and remain and continue flayed until the said Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Adi may be varied, altered, amended or repealed, by any Adi or Ads to be palled in the present Seflion of Parliament.

[Continued till 20th Julyt e. 54. § 13. fojl. — The A3 43 G. 3. c» 84. explained and amended\ c. 17 5* pnJl*~\

CAP. XLV.

An AQ, to continue the Period for purchasing the Legal Quays in the Port of London.	[19th	April 1814.3

*	TT r HE REAS an Ad palled in the Forty third Year of the

*	W Reign of His present Majessy, intituled An A3 to authorise 4 the Advancement offurther Sums of Money out of the Confolidated 4 Fundi to he applied in the Improvement of the Port of London, by 4 the Mayor, /lldermen and Commons of the City of London, in 4 Common Council ajfemblcd; and to empower the Lords Commijfioners 4 of His Majefly* s Treasury to pur chafe the Legal Quays between 4 London Bridge and the Tower of London: And Whereas another

*	Ad pafied in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His prefent

*	Majessy, intituled An A3 to give further Time for purchasing the 4 Legal Quays and Warehoufes in the Port of London : And Whereat

*	another Ad pafied in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His pre-

*	fent Majessy, intituled An A3 for authorising the Lords Commif-4 Jioners of the Treasury to pur chafe certain Quays within the Port 4 of London : And Whereas another Ad pafied in the Fifty fecond

*	Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled An A3 to con-

*	tinue the Period for purchasing the Legal Quays in the Port of 4 London 5 and to enable the Lords of the Treasury to purchase 4 Buildings in Thames Street, for the Purpofe of erecting a new 4 Cufom House: And Whereas it is expedient that the Powers,

*	Authorities and Provifions in the said Ads contained for purchafing

*	Legal Quays should be further continued ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Period within which the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commiflioners of His Majefly’s Treasury for the time being are required to purchase the said Legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings and other Works, or any Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, Buildings or Premifes situate adjoining thereto, shall be further extended to Three Years from and after the Expiration of the Period to which the fame was extended by the said lad recited A£t.

CAP,





Ai).i8i4<

54° GEO. III.

C. 4 6.

203

CAP. XLVI.

An A & for altering the Period during which Writs of Afliftance shall remain in force.	[19th	April 1814.]

1 TTJ’HEREAS by an A& passed in the Thirteenth and Four- 13 & 14 Gar. a.

•	V? teenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, c.n.

4 intituled An A3 for preventing Frauds and regulating Abufes in $ 5*

4 His Majejly’s Cuftoms ; it is, amongst other things, enabled, that it 4 shall be lawful for any proper Perfon or Perfons authorized by

•	Writ of Affistance, under the Seal of His Majefty’s Court of Ex-

•	chequer, to take a Conltable, Headborough or other Public Officer 4 inhabiting near unto the Place, and in the Day Time to enter and

• go into any House, Shop, Celiar, Warehouse, or Room, or other 4 Place, and in case of Refiftance to break open Doors, Chefls,

•	Tranks and other Packages, there to seize and from thence to 4 bring any kind of Goods whatsoever prohibited and uucuflomed,

•	and to put and secure the fame in His Majefty’s Storehoufe in the 4 Port next to the Place where such Seizure shall be made; which

1 said Ad is, by another Ad passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign ^ & 6 Ann. c. 8* 4 of Queen Anne, intituled An A3 for an Union of the Two King- Art. 18.

•	doms of England and Scotland, extended to Scotland: And 4 Whereas it is expedient that such Writs of Afliftance should have 4 Validity and Effed during the whole of the Reign in which they 4 ifToe, not with {landing the Letters Patent for configuring and ap-4 pointing the Commissioners for managing and causing to be levied 4 2nd cofieded the Cufioms, Subfidies and other Duties due to His 4 Majesty, may have been revoked, or that any or all of the Perfons 4 named in the said Letters Patent may have died or refignedBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Writs of Afliftance under the Seal of His Duration of Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively, Writs of Affift-which on or before the palling of this Ad have been issued, or at any aucc*

rime hereafter may be issued, during the Reign of His present Mriedy, in pursuance of the said recited Ads, shall not be held or declared to be vacated or determined by the Death or Refignation of all or any of the Commissioners named therein, or in consequence of the Revocation of the Patent by which the said Commissioners were constituted and appointed; but each and every such Writ shall have fall Force and Operation, and shall be valid and effectual for and during the whole of the Reign of His said Majesty ; and every Writ of Affiflance which may be issued during any succeeding Reign shall in like manner be determinable only upon the Demife of The Crown ; and all and every the Officers and Minifters, Vice Admirals, JuRices of the Peace, Mayors, Sheriffs, Constables, Bai- * tils. Head boroughs, and all other the Officers, Minifters and Subjects mentioned in any such Writ of Aflistance, are hereby required to pay due Obedience thereto accordingly.

CAP.





204

47> 4&

54* GEO. IIL

A.D.1814.

CAP. XLVII.

An Aft to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Aft of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Separation of Damaged from Sound Coffee, and to permit Dealers to fend out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight, without Permit. [igth April 1814.] 51 O.3. c.149. 4 TT7 HERE AS an Aft was parted in the Fifty second Year of 4 VV His present Majesty, intituled An Ad to regulate the Sepa-4 ration of Damaged from Sound Coffee, and to permit Dealers to fend 4 out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight with*

4 out Permit, until the End of Two Years from the puffing of this 4 Ad ; which said Aft is near expiring : And Whereas it is expe-* dient that the said Aft should be continued Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-cofcttnucd. rity of the fame. That the said Aft shall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Aft to revive and make perpetual certain Afts for confo-lidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles into and from certain Ports in the Wejl Indies.

[19th April 1814.]

50G.3. c.11.	* TT7HEREAS an Aft was made in the Fiftieth Year of His

4 VV present Majesty, intituled An Ad for amending and con-

*	tinning so amended until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou-4 sand eight hundred and twelve, an Ad of the Forty fifth Tear of 4 His present Mayfly, for consolidating and extending the several 4 Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of cer-4 tain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the

[5*	5- c* a0-1 4 West Indies; which was continued by an Aft made in the Fifty

$3-1	* second Year of His present Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day

4 of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen:	And

4 Whereas it is expedient tfiat the said Aft should be revived and

*	made perpetualBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

revived and liament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said made perietuil. shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, be revived, and the fame it hereby revived and made perpetual.

CAP,





AD. 1814.

54'GEO, III.

EC.49, 50.

30$

CAP. XLIX.

An Aft to revive and continue, until the Expiration of Nine Months after the Conclufion of the War with the United States of America, an Aft mide in the last Seflion of Parliament, to authorize the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles into and from the IVejl Indies, South America and Newfoundland.	[19th	April	1814.3

1 VT^HEREAS an Aft was passed in the Fifty third Year of 53G.3.c.67.

4 V V His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for empowering His 4 Mayfly to authorize the Importation and Exportation of certain 4 Articles into and from the West Indies, South America and New-4 focndland, until Six IVeeks after the Commencement of the next 4 Sejfnn of Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that the said 4 Ad should be revived and continued ;9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cor:fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, .

That the said Aft shall, from and after the Sixteenth Day of De- revived and cember One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, be revived, and continued, the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue in force until the Expiration of Nine Months after the Conclufion of the War with the United States of America.

CAP. L.

An Aft to amend so much of an Aft of His present Majefty* for repealing the several Duties of Cuftoms, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to the Duties payable on Salt exported.	[4th	May	1814.3

4 YT7HEREAS by an Aft, passed in the Forty ninth Year of 49 G.3. c.98.

4 W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for re-4 pealing the several Duties of Cujloms chargeable in Great Britain,

4 and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; it is, amongst other .

4 things, enacted, that in all cases where by the Schedule annexed	’’

4 to the said Aft marked (A.) the Duties of Cuftoms imposed upon 4 the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize from Great 4 Britain, and charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge 4 or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall 4 be taken and considered as the fame shall be at the Port of Expor-4 tation, without any Deduftion or Abatement whatever, except of 4 so much as the Duties of Cuftoms paid and payable thereon at the 4 time of the Entry of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall 4 amount unto : And Whereas it is expedient to permit the Ex-4 porter or Proprietor, or his known Agent or Faftor, to deduct 4 from the Value of British Salt exported the Amount of the Home 4 ConCumption Duty of Excife paid or payable thereon ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commous, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in estimating the Value of Britfh Salt ex- How Vjl-je ,,f ported from Great Britain it shall and may be lawful for the Ex- Salted muted on porter or Proprietor, or his known Agent or Faftor, also to deduct Exportation, so much Money from the Value of such Salt as shall be equal to the •	Amount





C. 50—52.	540 GEO. in.	A.D. 1814.

Amount of the Home Confumption Duty of Excife paid or payable thereon at the time of the Entry of such Salt for the Purpofe of being exported ; and the Value lo ascertained shall be deemed and taken to be the true and real Value of the Salt at the Port of Exportation.

7 G. 2. c. 18.

revived and

continued.

CAP. LI.

An Aft to revive and further continue, until Nine Months after the Conclufion of the present War, an Aft of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.	[4th	May	1814.]

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, inti-* tuled An Ad for the Revival of an Ad made in the Thirteenth 4 Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Firjl, in-4 tituled An Ad for the free Importation of Cochineal during the 4 Time therein limitedy and also for the free Importation of Indigo ; 4 which was to continue in force from the Twenty fourth Day of * June One thousand seven hundred and thirty four for the Term of 4 Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion 4 of Parliament 5 and which by Several subsequent Afts was further • continued from the Expiration thereof until the Twenty fifth * Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen ; and it * is expedient that the fame should be revived and further conti-* nued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Aft shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue in force until Nine Months after the Conclufion of the present War.

0.3. C50.

CAP. LII.

An Aft to revive and continue, during the Continuance of any Aft imposing any Reftriftion on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England with respect to Payments in Cafh, an Aft of the Fifty Second Year of His present Majesty, for making more effectual Provifion for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Current Value of such Coin ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	[4th	May	1814.]

*	YT7HEREAS an Aft was made in the Fifty Second Year of

*	W His present Majesty, intituled An Ad to continue until 1 Three Months after the Commencement of the next Sejfion of Parlia-

*	mentj and amend an Ad of the lajl Sejfion of Parliament for making 4 more ejfedual Provifion for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the 4 Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Cur• 4 rent Value offuch Coin3 for preventing any Note or Bill of the Go-

*	vernor and Company of the Bank of England from being received 4 for any fmailer Sum than the Sum therein specified; and forflaying

7	•	Proceedings





207

540 GEO* III.	C. 5 2—54.

1 Proceedings upon any Diftrefs by Tender of such Notes; and to 4 extend the fame to Ireland : And Whereas the said A A was conti-4 nued by an Aft of the last Seflion of Parliament until the Twenty 4 fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: 4 And Whereas it is expedient that the said Aft should be revived * and further continued ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aHembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Ad shall be and the fame is hereby revived from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and be further continued from thence during the Continuance of any Aft impolinjy any Reftriftion on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England with respect to Payments in Cafh.

[Srr cc. 99. 130.

CAP. LIU.

An Aft to enable the Commiflioncrs of His Majofty’s Treasury to ifTue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or fhnll be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred anil fourteen.	[4th	May	1814.]

44 TREASURY mayiflue Exchequer Bills in manner preferibed by 44 48 G. 3. c. I. — § 1. Clauses, &c. in recited Aft relating to Ex-44 chequer Bills extended to Aft. § 2. Provifo as to issuing Exche-44 quer Bills on Credit of c. 2. ante, in any other manner than they 44 are authorized by that Aft, &c. $ 3. Intereft of 3Id. per Cent. 44 per Diem. § 4. Exchequer Bills may, at Expiration of Four 44 Mouths after Date, be taken in Payment of Revenue. § 5. Bank k of England authorized to advance 6,009,000!. on Credit of Aft, u Dotwithibmding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20. — 6 6.

CAP. LIV.

An Aft to discontinue Proceedings in certain Aftions already commeneed, and to prevent vexatious Suits against Spiritual Perfons, under an Aft passed in the Forty third Year of His pTefent Majesty; and further to continue, until the Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Aft of the present Seflion of Parliament, for (laying 'Proceedings under the said Aft.	[18th	May	1814.]

4 TTTHEREAS fomeof the ProviGons of an Aft, pafTed in the 4 W Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-4 tituled An A3 to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Perfons bold-4 leg of Farms ; and for enforcing the Rejidence of Spiritual Perfons 4 00 their Benefices in England, have, from the Inadvertence of many 1 Spiritual Perfons, given Occalion to many vexatious Profecutions :

4 And Whereas an Aft was palled in the present Seflion of Parlia-4 meat, intituled An A3 te flay, until the Twentieth Day of April 4 One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, Proceedings in Adions ' under an Ad passed in the Forty third Tear of His present Majesty,

4 to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Perfons : And Whereas *	*	another

[53 G. 3. c. 5. ]

revived and continued.

43 O.3. c. 84.

c. 6. ante.

CjOOQle

^o8

c.44. ante.

Licences granted with Certificate, Rating that Cattles for granting them exiitcd at any specified antecedent Period, valid, .is exempting from Penal’ies from such antecedent Period.

Licences and Certificate n-giitcicd.

43 O. 3.C. 84.

§ 22.

Notification hy N-m Ucfideius, iu. de and rvgiU

P*54*	540	GEO.	IIL	A*D*i8i4*

*	another Adt was passed in the present Sefiion of Parliament, inti-4 tilled An AS to continue, until the Twentieth Day of May One

*	thoufand eight hundred and fourteen» an AS passed in this Se/Jion of 4 Parliament, intituled An AS to flay, until the Twentieth Day of 4 April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, Proceedings in Ad'tons 4 under an AS passed in the Forty third Tear of His present Majessy,

4 to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Perfons : And Whereas

*	it is expedient that further Provifion should be made in relation to 4 Proceedings already commeneed, and for the Prevention of other ‘ vexatious Profecutionsof Spiritual PerfonsBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all Licences for the Non Rcfidence of any Spiritual Perfons, which shall have been granted, or which shall be granted on or before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by any Archbifhop or Bishop, under and subject to the Provifions of the said recited Adt of the Forty third Year aforesaid, and upon which the Archbifhop or Bifhop granting the fame shall certify, that theyarfe satisfied and verily believe, that the Caufes of granting such Licences really and truly have existed for many Periods antecedent to the granting thereof, and specified in such Certificates respectively, and that the Archbifhop or Bifhop giving such Certificates, would have granted the Licences to which they refer, from the Periods specified in such Certificates, if proper Application had or could have* been made to him in due time for the fame, and that the Conditions, if any, upon which such Licence would have been granted have been performed and complied with; and also all Certificates given by any Archbifhop or Bifhop to any Spiritual Perfons of their respective Diocefes, which shall certify that the Archbifhop or Bifhop giving such Certificate would have granted Licences for the Non Refidcnce of such Spiritual Perfons for and during the Periods specified in such Certificates, for Caufes of a temporary Nature, to be also specified in such Certificates, and which they are satisfied and verily believe did really and truly exist, andwhich may have ceased, if proper Application had or could have been made to him in due time for the fame, and that the Conditions, if any, upon which such Licences would have been granted, have been performed and complied with ; shall be deemed and taken to be good and valid as Licences under the said recited Adt, for the Purpofe of exempting such Perfons respectively from any pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures for Non Refidence, from and for and during the Periods specified in such Certificates refpec-tively, as fully and efFedtually as if Licences had been duly granted at and for such Period, and had been duly registered, and all the Provi-lions of the said first recited Act in relation thereto duly observed.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Licence and Certificate shall, within Fourteen Days after the granting thereof, or after the palling of this Adt, be regiltered in like manner as Licences are required to be registered under the Provifions of the said recited Adt of the Forty third Year aforesaid, and shall be open to the Infpedtion of all Perfons, upon Payment of Two Shillings, and no more.

III.	And be it further enacted. That every Notification by any Pcrfon who shall have been non resident by reaion of any Exemption,

and





209

zrA where no Licence is required, and which shall specify the Nature tered before

of the Exemption, and the Period for which the Benefit thereof is lft JuIv’ deemed

chimed, and which shall hare been made aftd registered, or which *0(X'and va,K!»

shall be made and registered before the said First Day of July, shall tcnded. P° ** ""

be deemed a good and valid Notification for the Period specified, for

the Purpofe of entitling the Perfon making the fame to the Benefit of

any Exemption specified therein to which ne may be entitled, as fully

and effectually as if the fame had been made and registered within the

Period required by the said recited Ad of the Forty third Year afore-

laid 5 any thing therein contained to the contrary notwith(landing;

and every Regiltrar is hereby required to register such Notification,

and such Regifter of Notification shall be open to Infpedion of all

Perfons, upon Payment of Two Shillings, and no more.	Fee.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That, immediately from and after Perfons fue<l the passing of this Ad, it shall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons under recited against whom any Original Writ, Suit, Adion, Bill, Plaint or In- maX *PVl7 formation, shall have been sued out, commenced or prosecuted, before	t

the Sixth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thir- judge’if not teen, for any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties, or any Forfeiture or fitting] to iuj Forfeitures incurred under the said recited Ad, for any Non Refi- Proceedings dence, or Omiffion to procure a Licence, or register the fame, dr upon certain for omitting to notify any Ground of Exemption, and to whom any on ulonfc such Licence and Certificate shall have been granted, or who shall have notified his Exemption before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to apply to the Court in which such Original Writ, Suit, Adion, Bill, Plaint or Information shall have been sued oat, commenced or prosecuted, if such Court shall be fitting, or to any Judge of any such Court when not fitting, for an Order, that such Writ, Suit, Adion, Bill, Plaint or Information shall be difeontinued, upon Payment of the Cofts incurred up to the time of such Application being made 5 all such Cofts to be Cods taxed, taxed as between Attorney and Client, according to the Pradice of such Court; and every such Court or Judge is hereby authorized, upon such Application, and Proof by Affidavit of the granting and registering of any Licence and Certificate, or of the Notification of any Exemption, and that fufficitnt Notice thereof, together with Notice, a Copy of the Licence, Certificate or Notification, as the case may be, has been given to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or his or their Attorney, and of the Application and the Ground upon which the fame is made, to make such Order as aforesaid; and upon the making such Order and Payment of such Cofts as aforesaid, such Writ,

Suit, Adion, Bill, Plaint or Information shall be forthwith difeontinued ; and in every case it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Original Writ, Suit, Adion, Bill, Plaint or Information, at any time after the Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred, and fourteen, until such Application shall be made as aforesaid, to proceed therein as if this Ad or the said recited Ads of the present Seffion of Parliament had not been patted, and as if no such Licence and Certificate had been granted, or Notification made; any thing in this Ad to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Fads stated ip Archbiftiop or Bifhop to whom any Application shall be made for Certificates any Inch Certificate as aforesaid, under the Provifion of this Ad, Jf**?** on 54 Geo. III.	P





aio

When Alt ion

(iifcontinued on P.»\ tnent of Coha.

Court may duke Order for dil-coniimiine Ac* tions without Payment of CoHs.

In what cafe* Plaintiff permitted to proceed in Adion*.

Archie Cofts.

C.54.	540	GEO.	HI.	A.D.1814.

to require that any Fads or Circumftances which such Archbiihop or Bifhop may deem necessary to be proved in relation to the Grounds upon which any such Certificate may be applied for, or which any such Archbimop or Bifhop may deem necessary to enauire into and afeertain before the granting any such Certificate, shall be proved and verified by Oath or Affidavit made before any Surrogate or Matter Extraordinary in Chaneery, (which Oath any Surrogate or Rafter Extraordinary in Chancery is hereby authorized and required to adminitter).

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any such Writ, Suit, Adion, Bill, Plaint or Information sued out or commenced before the Sixth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall have been or shall be renewed or continued before the said Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or upon which any Declaration shall have been filed or delivered, op other Proceeding had after the said Sixth Day of December and before the said Tweidpeth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen^ it shall be lawful for such Court or Judge, upon such Application and Proof as aforesaid, to make such Order as aforesaid, for discontinuing the fame, upon Payment of the Cofts of all Proceedings had before the said Sixth Day of December to be taxed as aforesaid, and of such Cofts, if any, in respect of any Proceedings had after the said Sixth Day of December, as the Court or Judge making such Order shall direct; and upon making such Order and Payment of such Cofts, such Writ, Suit, Adion, Bill, Plaint or Information, shall be forthwith dif-continued.

VII.	Provided always, and he it further enacted, That in all cases in which any such Writ, Suit, Adion, Bill, Plaint or Information shall have been sued out or commenced at any time subsequent to the said Sixth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, it shall be competent for such Court or Judge as aforesaid, to make such Order as aforesaid for discontinuing the fame, without Payment of any Cofts ; and upon making such Order, such Writ, Suit, Adion, Bill, Plaint or Information shall be forthwith difeontinued.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon any such Application to the Court or Judge to stay the Proceedings under the Provifions hereinbefore contained, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or his or their Attorney, will undertake to admit such Notification of Exemption to have been duly made and given under the said recited Ad of the Forty third Year aforesaid, or under this Ad, and dispute only the Title of such Perfon or Perfons to the Exemption claimed, that then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and For the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Original Writ, Suit, Adion, Bill, Plaint or Information, to proceed therein as if this Ad had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and if the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall suffer Judgment as in case of a Nonfuit, or if upon the Trial of any fucji Adion, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information, the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonfuit, or there shall be a Verdid for the Defendant, the Defendant shall have Treble Cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath in other cases to recover Cofts by Law.

t	IX) '*	IX.	Pro*





211

54* GEO. III.

IX.	Provided always, and be h further enacted, That no Penalty No Penalties for or Forfeiture under the said recited Aft of the Forty third Year periods antece-tforesaid, which shall hare arisen or been incurred, at or for or d<-nt t0 31* daring any Period antecedent to the Thirty first Day of December Jble u/Actfoo One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall be recoverable or re- previous to covered in any Aftion or Suit which has been commenced previous Dec.6,1*13.

to the Sixth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ; and that no Penalty or Forfeiture under the said recited Aft of the Forty third Year aforesaid, which shall have arisen or been incurrrd at or for or during any Period antecedent to the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve,

shall be recoverable or be recovered in any Aftion or Suit which shall hate been or shall be sued out after the Sixth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen 5 any thing in the said Ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tfhat nothing Prov so foe herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect any Aettons com-Original Writ, Suit, Aftion, Bill, Plaint or Information which (haU "ienced b*fort have been sued out, commenced or prosecuted before the First pay -n* x*1 IV of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and whereon

Iffue has been joined between the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs and the Perfon or Perfons against whom the said Original Writ, Suit, Aftion,

Bill, Plaint or Information may have been sued out, commenced or prosecuted.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That a certified Certified Copies Cppyof the Regifter of such Licence and Certificate, and of the ot l.uence*, Date when the fame was issued, or of such Notification, with the ludlc,ent Date of Delivery thereof, shall be deemed sufficient Proof of the

fame.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing ProvWb for herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to afFeft V*rfi6R&c. any Verdist, Judgment or Execution^ which has been or at any j tima hereafter may be given, awarded, or issued against any Spiritual 4

Perfon under the Aft made and patted in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majefty^ intituled An Aft to amend the Law relating to Spiritual Per fans holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Reftdence of Spiritual Per font on their Bene fees in England.

• XIII. And Whereas an Aft was passed in this present Seflion c.44. ants.

*	of Parliament, intituled An Aft to continue, until the Twentieth Day 4 of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an At1 puffed ia 4 this Seflion of Parliament, intitukd An Aft to fay, until the 4 Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen,

*	Proceedings in Aftions under an Aft passed in the Forty third Tear 4 of His present Majtfty, to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual 4 Perfons: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Aft should 4 be further continued, and that all such Proceedings should be 4 flayed for a further limited Period;* Be it therefore further enacted. That the said recited Aft of this present Seflion of Parliament shall remain and continue in force until the Twentieth continued,

Day of JuU; and that all Proceedings which shall have been or

wlucht maT nvteafter be flayed under the Provifions of the said first recited Aft, or of an A ft of this present Seflion of Parliament, in- c.6. tilukd An Aft to flay* until the Twentieth Day April Qn^ thou-

P 2



/ami

y 

212

Proceedings

Hayed.

o. 25. ante. §64.

§65.

Allowance of is. 2d. for Non

Conr»miffione<J Officers and Souliers.

Fuuher Allowance of One Halfpenny per Diem.

C. 54, 55.	540 GEO. III.	A.D.	1&14.

fand tight hundred and fourteen, Proceedings sm Affions under an Ad passed in the Forty third Tear of His present Majessy, to amend the La*ws relating to Spiritual Perfons, wnich are continued by this Aft, or which remain and continue flayed under the Provifions of the lad recited Aft of this Seflion of Parliament, fhali be and remain and continue flayed until the said Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[&VC.175. pojl.']

CAP. LV.

An Aft: for fixing the Rates of Subfiflence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[18th May 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Aft pafTed in the present Seflion of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the « better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, it is enacted, < that Officers and Soldiers fhali be furnished with Diet and Small * Beer upon paying and allowing for the fame the several Rates * that are or fhali be established by any Aft or Afts of Parliament; « and an Option is given to Innholders and others, upon whom * Officers and Soldiers are quartered and billetted, to furnish certain * Articles gratis, in lieu of Diet and Small Beer, and it is just ‘ and expedient that an adequate Allowance fhali be made and € established for Provifion and other Articles furnished to Officers * and SoldiersMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Non Commiifioned Officer and Private Soldier who fhali be furnished with Diet and Small Beer within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, by the Innholders or other Perfons on whom such Non Commiifioned Officers or Private Soldiers fhali be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Aft fhali pay and allow for the fame the Sum of Fourteen pence per Diem ; and that for such Allowance of Fourteen pence the Innholder or other Perfon fhali furnish One Meal; videlicet, a hot Dinner if required in each Day, to each Non Commiifioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as have been or fhali be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a

Suarter of Meat previous to being drefTed, One Pound of Bread, ne Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper; and that the Accounts of the fame fhali be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed by the said Aft.

II.	And be it further enacted. That in case any Innholders or other Perfons on whom any Non Commifiioned Officers or Private Men fhali be quartered within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, fhali, by virtue of the said Option in the said Aft, furnish such Non Commiifioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned in lieu of fumifhing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rate preformed

1 z



213

A.D.iSm-	J4°	GEO.	III.	C.55,56.

fcribed by this Aft, such Innholders or other Perfons on whom such Non Commiflioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said Articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive in Con-filtration thereof, One Halfpenny per Diem for each Non Com-rnifEoned Officer and Soldier; which Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is direaed touching the Rate aforesaid.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to Horfes quarter-the Innholder or other Pcrfon within the aforesaid Parts of the ed at is. id. \*t United Kingdom, on whom any of the Horfes belonging to His paid for M a jetty's Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the (aid Aft, for ay> c*

Hay and Straw, shall he One Shilling and Two pence per Diem for each Horse.

[54. of 53 G. 3. c. 43. is omitted in this Ad,-§ 4. to 8. are the

fame as §5. to 9. of 53 G.3. r.43.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall have Con- Continuance of tinuance and be in force from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen 5 and that all Payments which have been made, and all Afts, Matters and Things done in pursuance of or in conformity with the Provilions Provifo for Pay-thereof, shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Pur- ments,5cc. poses as if this Aft had passed before the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[This A3 is in all other respects fmilar to 53 G.3. r. 43.]

CAP. LVI.

An Aft to amend and render more effectual an Aft of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Cads of Bulls, and other Things therein mentioned ; and for giving further Encouragement to such Arts.

[18th May 1814.]

*	TY7HEREAS by an Aft patted in the Thirty eighth Year of 38 G.3. c. 71.

*	VV the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for 1 encouraging the Art of making new Models and Cajls of Bujls,

9	and other Things therein mentioned / the foie Right and Property § 1.

1 thereof were vested in the original Proprietors, for a time therein

*	fpecified : And Whereas the Provifions of the said Aft having been

*	found incffeftual For the Purpofes thereby intended, it is expedient

*	to amend the fame, and to make other Provifions and Regulations

*	for the Encouragement of Artifts, and to secure to them the i Profits of and in their Works, and for the Advancement of the

*	find Arts :f May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be wacted; and be it enacted by The Bang's Moft Excellent Majefty* hr and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the patting of Sole Right and mis Aft, every Ptrfon or Perfons who shall make or cause to be Property of all node any new and original Sculpture, or Model, or Copy, or Caft ”ew and onsma* rfd* Hunan Figure or Human Figures, or of any Butt or Butts, Mo*u,Cop-e« Part or Part* of the Human Figure, clothed in Drapery or ,nd Cafts, °wwifo, or of any Anitaat or Animals, or of any Part or Parts of vested in Pro-'	Vo	any	rrietorsfor *4

5	1	Yearg.





*»4

II

Kime and Date affixed.

Works published under A<4, vested in Pro-prietorsfor 14 Years.

Putt'np fcrth pirated Copies or pirated Carts, proiecuted.

C*56.	54* GEO* IIL A.D.1814.	1

any Animal combined with the Human Figure or otherwise, or of " any Subjeft being Matter of Invention in Sculpture, or of any Alto or Baffo-Relievo representing any of the Matters or Things herein- * before mentioned, or any Caft. from Nature of the Human Figure, or of any Part or Parts of the Human Figure, or of any Caft from Nature of any Animal, or of any Part or Parts of any Animal, or	i

of any such Subjeft containing or reprefen ting any of the Matters	r

and Things hereinbefore mentioned, whether separate or combined, : ftiall have the foie Right and Property of all and in every such new and original Sculpture, Model, Copy and Caft of the Human Figure or Human Figures, and of all and in every such Buft or Bufts, and of all and in every such Part or Parts of the Human Figure, clothed in Drapery or otherwise, and of all and in every such new and original ; Sculpture, Model, Copy and Caft, representing any Animal or Animals, and of all and in every such Work representing any Part or Parts of any Animal combined with the Human Figure or other-wife, and of all and in every such new and original Sculpture, Model, Copy and Caft of any Subjest, being Matter of Invention in Sculpture, and of all and in every such new and original Sculpture, Model, Copy and Caft in Alto or BaiTo-Relievo, representing any of the Matters or Things hereinbefore mentioned, and of every such Caft from Nature, for the Term of Fourteen Years from first putting forth or'publifhing the fame 5 provided, in all and in every case, the Proprietor or Proprietors do cause his, her or their Name or Names, with the Date, to he put on all and every such new and original Sculpture, Model, Copy or Caft, and on every such Caft from Nature, before the fame shall be put forth or published.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the foie Right and Property of all Works, which have been put forth or published under the Protection of the said recited Aft, shall be extended, continued to and vested in the respective Proprietors thereof, for the Term of Fourteen Years, to commence from the Date when such last mentioned Works respectively were put forth orpublifhed.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall, within such Term of Fourteen Years, make or import, or cause to be made or imported, or exposed to Sale, or otherwise disposed of, any pirated Copy or pirated Caft of any such new and original Sculpture, or Model or Copy, or Caft of the Human Figure or Human Figures, or of any such Buft or Bufts, or of any such Part or Parts of the Human Figure clothed in Drapery or otherwise, or of any such Work of any Animal or Animals, or of any such Part or Parts of any Animal or Animals combined with the Human Figure or otherwise, or of any such Subje& being Matter of Invention in Sculpture, or of any such Alto or BaiTo-Relievo representing any of the Matters or Things hereinbefore mentioned, or of any such Caft from Nature as aforesaid, whether such pirated Copy or pirated Caft be produced by moulding or copying from, or imitating in any way, any of the Matters or Things put forth or published under the Proteftion of this Aft, or of any Works which have been put Forth or published under the Pro te ft ion of the said recited Aft, the Right and Property whereof is and are secured, extended and pro-tefted by this Aft, in any of the cases as aforesaid, to the Detriment, Damage or Lofs of the original or respective Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Works so pirated $ then and in all such cafes

tbs

v^ooQle

2I5

AJX1814.

54* GEO. HI.

C.56, 57.

the laid Proprietor or Proprietors, or their Affignee* or Aflignees, Hull and may, by and in a Special A&ion upon the Cafe to be brought again (I the Perfon or Perfons so offending, receive such Damages as a Jury on a Trial of such A&ion shall give or affess, together with Double Coils of Suit.

IV.	Provided nevertheless, That no Perfon or Perfons who fhall% or may hereafter purchase the Right or Property of any new and ori^nal Sculpture or Model, or Copy or Call, or of any Call fron^ N tture, or of any of the Matters and Things publilhed under or, protected by virtue of this A&, of the Proprietor or Proprietors, expressed in a Deed in Writing signed by him, her or them refpeft-ively, with his, her or their own Hand or Hands, in the Prelence of and atterted by Two or more credible Witneffes, shall be subject to any A&ioo for copying or calling, or vending the fame $ any thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithllanding.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all A&ions to be brought as aforesaid, againll any Perfon or Perfons for any Offence committed againll this A&, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Difcovery of every such Offence, and not afterwards.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the Expiration of the said Term of Fourteen Yean, the foie Right of making and difpoling of such new and original Sculpture, or Model, or Copy, or Call of any of the Matters or Things hereinbefore mentioned, shall return to the^ Perfon or Perfons who originally made or caused to be made the lame, if be or they shall be then living, for the further Term of Fourteen Years, excepting in the case or cases where such Perfon or Perfons shall by Sale or otherwise have diverted himself, herself or themselves, of such Right of making or difpoling of any new and original Sculpture, or Model, or Copy, or Cart of any of the Matters or Things hereinbefore mentioned, previous to the passing ofthisAa.

Damages. Double Cods.

Purchafers of Copy Right fo-cured in lame.

Limitation of Adtiout.

Additional Term of 14 Year*, in cafo Maker of original Sculpture, dee. shall be living.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to repeal the Schedule annexed to an Aft of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, by which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported are to be afeertained, and Sobftituting another in lieu thereof; and to permit the Importation of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, the Produce of Martinique, Mariegalante, Saint Eujiatia, Saint Martin and under the fame Duties and Regulations as similar Articles of the British Plantations, to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

[27th May 1814.]

1 YT7HEREAS by an Aft parted in this present Seflion of Par-

4 W liament, intituled An Ad for further continuing, until the c. *4* **ta.

4 Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ffteen ^

4 certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from

4 Great Britain, and for Jiefpcnding the Countervailing Duties and

*	Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imbofed by an Aft of the Forty

*	**th Tear of His prtfcpl JMaje^y Jbalt he suspended, certain Draw-

I*





21 6



\

45 0.5. c.93.

1

Sc hedule of '

45 G.3. c.93.

repealed, and inllead thereof Schedule annexed ulecL

Drawback or Bounties afcer-tained in man ner directed by 3* G. 3. c. 43. *4.

C.$7#	54*	GEO.	in.	4.0.1814*

*	backs and Bounties were allowed on the Exportation of Sugar 4 from Greet Britain, in like manner and under and according to the

*	like Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures

iexcept where any Alteration was made by the said A61), as the )rawbacks and Bounties were refpcdtively paid or allowed before * the palling of the said A61 : And Whereas it is expedient that an 4 Alteration should be made with respect to the Periods at which 4 the Average Prices of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar should be 4 taken and publilhed in the London Gazette; and also that the 4 Schedule and Table of Drawbacks, Bounties and Duties annexed € to an A 61 passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majessy,

4 intituled An A3 to amend Two A3s peffed in the Forty third * and Forty fifth Tears of His present majesty for regulating the 4 Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great 1 Britain, should be repealed, and that another Schedule and 4 Table should be enabled in lieu thereof:* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King’s Mofl Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Con-fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the Schedule annexed to the said lall recited A61 shall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that inilead and in lieu thereof the Schedule to this A& annexed shall, from and after the said Seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, be construed and taken to bp the Schedule according to which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported from Great Britain shall be paid or allowed, except as hereinafter is provided.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the Drawback or Bounty to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, shall be regulated and afeertained according to such Average Prices of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar taken in manner directed by an Ad made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled An A3 for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda IJlands in Foreign Ships, as shall appear by Notice in the London Gazette, published on the Saturday, whicn shall happen next after the Firfl Wednefday in May, the Firfl Wednefday in Augjfi, the Firfl Wed* nefday in November One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Firfl Wednefday in January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and the said Bounties and Drawbacks fhal} be paid or allowed according to the Schedule hereunto annexed (except as hereinafter is provided), as corresponding to or with the Prices of which such Notice shall have been given in the London Gazette as aforesaid; and which Bounties and Drawbacks shall be paid or allowed until Notice of any other Average Price shall in like manner appear in the London Gazette on any of such Saturdays before xpejstioned (fave ami except the Notice hereby required to be given in the London Gazette on the Saturday which shall happen next after the First Wednefday in January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen ; which last mentioned Notice shall continue in force uutil the Fifth Day



a17

AD. 1814.

£4° geo. rn.

C.57.

of Abril One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and no longer) 5

acd the several Drawbacks and Bounties hereby granted shall be paid Drawbacks and

or allowed in such and the lik,e manner in every ref peel, and fuhjrft Brumi^ -> J*ow

aad under and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, PJ‘d and allowed.

Penalties and Forfeitures (except where any Alteration i3 made by

thu present Aft), as any Drawbacks or Bouuties on Sugar were paid

or allowed before the said Seventh Day of May One thoufaud eight

hundred and fourteen.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Bounty When Bounty by this Aft granted on Refined Sugar exported from Great Britain on Refined shall not take effect or be paid or allowed on any such Sugar t0 ta e which shall be shipped for Exportation on or before the Fifth Day

of Angufi One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, but that th*

Bounty on Refined Sugar exported from Great Britain shall be paid or allowed on such Sugar only as shall be shipped for Exportation after the said Fifth Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; any thing contained in this Aft or in the Schedule hereunto annexed to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, Not to affect that nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be conllrucd to Double Rehne* extend to alter, vary or repeal the additional Bounty payable on the Sugar* Exportation from Great Britain Qf Sugar being Double Refined, or to repeal the additional Bounties payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of Refined Sugar on account of the Temporary or War Duties imposed on Sugar : Provided always, that the lad men- Bounties how booed additional Bounties shall be calculated on the Amount of the calculate*b Bounty to be paid or allowed under the Direftions of this present Ad, and according to the Schedule hereunto annexed and not otherwise.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained Ad not to af-

shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal the Deduc- ^ Deduction tion heretofore made from the Bounty or Drawback to be paid on	o™Stnar

Sugar when exported from Great Britain in any other than a British e,,port;d in Vet-Veffel, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, as directed fels not BritiiK by an Aft palled in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present 43 G.3. c- i»« Majesty, intituled An A8 for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and § 3*

Entities on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for

allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof9 until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four.

V.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pafling Sugar, &c. Pro-of thia Aft, any Sugar, Coffee or other. Articles, being of the duet ion of Mnr-Growth, Produftion or Manufafture of any or either of the t,nulue *c- acl-Iflands of Martinique, Mariegalante9 Guadeloupe, Saint Eujlatia, ]^e Articles Saint Martin and Sabaf imported into Great Britain, shall and may imported from be admitted to Entry on Payment of such and the like Duties of Britiih Planta-Cuftoms and Excife, and no other, as are or may be due and payable tions.

on the like Articles of the Growth, Produftion or Manufafture of the British Plantations ; and all such Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, shall on Exportation from Great Britain be subject to such and the like Duties, and entitled to such and the like Drawbacks and Bounties, as the like Articles being of the Growth, Produftion or Manufafture of the Briii/b Plantations are or may be subject or liable or entitled to, and all such Goods shall in every other respect be IhbVeft and liable to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions B^ftri&jons, to which any such Articles, being of the Growth,

PrO-





lift.

55 G. 3. c. 6*. Pfovifo,

Continuance of

Aa.

Aft altered, &c.

C. 57.	54° GEO. III.	A.D. 1814*	*

Produftion or Manufefture of the British Plantations are or may be subject or liable to; any thing in an Aft palled in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An An to permit the Entry for Home Confumption of Sugar the Produce or Manufacture of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Euflatia, Saint Martin and Saba, at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable upon Sugar mot of the British Plantations, or any otliei* Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that any Sugar, Coffee or other Articles of the Growth, Produftion or Manufacture of any of the said I Hands, which have been or may be secured in Warehoufes in Great Britain, and on which the Home Confumption Duties shall not have been paid, shall and may be delivered from any such Warehoufe for Home Confumption on Payment of such and the like Duties of Cuftoms and Excife, and no other, as at the time any such Goods shall be so taken out of any such Warehoufe shall be due and payable on the like Defcription of Goods of the Growth, Produftion or Manufafture of the British Plantations.

VI.	And bo it further enacted, That this Aft mall continue in force until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and no longer.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be passed in this Seffioa of Parliament.





SCHEDULE

g

CQ

o

o



O

►

SCHEDULE to which this A& refers.

PRICES of Bom or Mufcovado Sugar at which Drawbacks, Bounties and Duties are payable.	Drawback to be allowed on fiutar  cf the Betta Plaotatlotksln the (a«e State hi which it waa Imported, and Bounty on Refined Sugar, being Ground or Powdered Sugar.	Bounty on Refined Sugar called BaftarA, or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces.	Bounty on other Reined Sugar hi Loaf, complete and whole, or Lump duly refined.	DUTY to be paid on SUGAR the Produce of the British Plantation*, or of the IHand* of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadeloupe, Saint Euftatia, Saint Martin* and Saba, upon the Entry thereof from the Wareboufe td be Slipped for the Purpoft of Exportation.		
					Exported in a	
					Britifh Ship.	Foreign Ship.
If theAverage Price ofBrown") or Mufcovado Sugar pub- I liJhed io the London Ga- > xette Hull not exceed 45s. 1 the Cwt. J	lot. the Cwt.	»5*. the Cwt.	3 6s. t ha Cwt. |	Brown or Mufcovado the Cwt White or Clayed the Cwt.	£. /. d. 00 6 056	'• *■ 016 00 6
If it shall exceed 45s. and not ? exceed 58s. .the Cwt. J	aottheCwt	lot. the Cwt.	341. the Cwt |	Brown or Mufcovado the Cwt. White or Clayed the Cwt	006  056	016  066
If it (hill exceed 58s. and not ) exceed 6c*. the Cwt. J	•  18*. the Cwt.	18s. the Cwt.	3 is. the Cwt J	Brown or Mufcovado the Cwt. iWhite or Clayed the Cwt	0 0  OCA	036 08 6
If it shall exceed 60a. and not ? exceed 61c. the Cwt. J	x6a. the Cwt.	16s. the Cwt.	ay*. the Cwt J	Brown or Mufcovado the Cwt.  I White or Clayed the Cwt.	0 0 >0 * 00	056 0 10 6
If it shall exceed 6a*. the Cwt	14s. the Cwt.	14s. the Cwt	04s. the Cwt |	Brown or Mufcovado the Cwt. White or Clayed the Cwt	066  0 II 6	*0*0  ev tt  M  0 0
All the above Prices are to be taken, exdufive of the Duties of Cufloms paid or payable on the Importation of Sugar.						

&

Vt

p

to

M

VO

220

C>j!j 59*

’ ’ $4« GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

4JG.3.C.J7.

centinued.

fihipscondemned for Breach of Laws relating to Slave Trade entitled to Privileges of Priie Ships.

Frovifo.

C A P. LVIII.

An Aft to continue, during the present Hoftilities wjth the United States of America^ an Aft of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for the better Proteftion of the Trade of the United Kingdom.	>	[27th	May	1814.]

*	YT7HEREAS an Aft was passed in the Forty third Year of

*	V? the Reign of His present Majesty, intituledf An Ad for the

*	better Protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom during the c present Hojlilities with France: And Whereas it is expedient that

*	the Provifions of the said Aft should be continued during the

*	prefent Hoftilities with the United States of America 5’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all the Provifions of the said Aft shall continue in force during the present Hoftilities with the United States of America,

CAP. LIX.

An Aft to allow Ships taken and condemned for being used in carrying on the Slave Trade to be registered as Britijh-built Ships.	[27th May 1814.]

€ YT7 HEREAS it is expedient that Ships and Veflels condemned € VV for Breach of any Law qow in force relating to the Slave

*	Trade should be entitled to all the Privileges and Advantages of

*	Britijh Ships in like manner in every respect as Ships and Veflels

*	taken and condemned as Prizes of War ;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all Ships or Vefleis, whether British or Foreign, which shall at any time after the pafliug of thi* Aft become forfeited under any of the Provifions of any Aft or A^ts of Parliament now in force, or which may hereafter be passed for tjhe Prevention, Abolition or Regulation of the Slave Trade, and be adjudged to be forfeited in any Court •of Record in Great Britain, or which shall be condemned as forfeited in any Court of Amiralty or Vice Admiralty in any Part of His Maiefty’s Dominions, for any Offence in relation to the Slave Trade, shall, from and after such Judgment or Condemnation refpec-tively, be entitled to a Certificate of Regiftry as a British Ship, and thereupon have and enjoy all the Privileges and Advantages of Britijh-built Ships and Veflels in like manner with Ships and Veflels taken by His Majefty’* Ships of War, and condemned as lawful Prize of War in Courts of Admiralty : Provided always, that all such Ships and Veflels shall be subject to the fame Duties and Regulations, and shall be registered in the fame Nfenner and Form, and subject to the fame Conditions and1 Reftriftious, Penalties and Forfeitures, and shall he in like manner owned and navigated as Ships and Veffels condemned as lawful Prize are directed and required to be, in order to their obtaining Britifb Regifters and enjoying the Privileges of British Ships owned, registered and navigated according to Law.

~	1	CAP.

VjOOQIC

A.D.1814.

54° GEO. III.

0* 6oj 61 •

221

C A P. LX.

An Aft for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majeft/s Cordage.	[27th	May t8r4.J

* TXT HE REAS the Marks ufuaflv put to His Majefty’s Cordage 4 if are frequently taken out of the fame for the Purpofe of 4 concealing His Majefty's Property therein; and it is expedient 4 that other Marks ihould be used in His Majefty’s Cordage for the 4 Purpofe of denoting His Majefty’s Property therein ;9 Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, alt Provifiom of * and every the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Reftriftions, 9& 10 W.3. Powers, Provihons, Matters and Things, in respect to the making, c. 41. and felling, delivering, receiving, having in roffeflion and concealing any 39 * 4°^^ Cor<kge wrought either with a white Thread laid the contrary Way, Cordage or with a Twine laid to the contrary Way, mentioned and contained worked with in an Aft pafTed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Worfted King William the Third, intituled An A3 for the better preventing Threads, the Embrzz.Ument of His Majejlfs Stores of War ; and preventing Cheats, Frauds and Ahufes in paying Seamen9s Wages ; ana also in an A ft palled in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for the better preventing the Emherxlanent of His Majejly’s Naval, Ordnance and Pidualling Stores; or in any other Aft or Afts of Parliament: shall extend to the making, felling, delivering, receiving, having in PolTeilion and concealing any Cordage wrought with one or more worsted Threads, as fully and efteftually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame several Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Reftric-tions. Powers, Provisions, Matters and Things were herein and hereby repeated and re-enafted in respect to such last mentioned Cordage: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall Provifo., extend or be construed to extend to repeal any of the Statutes now in force, or any of the Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, in respect to Cordage Wrought either with a white Thread laid the contrary Way, or with a Twine laid to the contrary Way, but that the fame Marks may be continued to be used to denote His Majefty’s Property in such Cordage in the fame manner as if this Aft had not been pasted.

CAP. LXI.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An AH to prevent the granting in'' future any Patent Office^ to be enercifed in any Colony or Plan* tetion9 now or at any Time hereafter belonging to The Crown of Great Britain, for any longer Term than during such Time as the Grantee thereof \ or Perfon appointed thereto, shall fif~ charge the Duty thereof in Perf on, and behave well therein.

[27th May 1814.]

4 YT^HEREAS an Aft passed in the Twenty lecond Year of G.3. c.;$.

4 YV His prefect Majesty, intituled An A3 to prevent the grant-

* *ng





*23

C. 61

No Office »n ft Colony granted for any longer time than during Rtfidtnce of Grantee.

aiO. J. c. 75 • §3

Governors of

Colonies to report Leave of Abfence granted by them to Secretary of State, for Confirmation.

If not confirmed, Pert'on to return forthwith te Colony.

Governors not reporting.

Penalty.

f Sic.

Return annually laid before fioufe of Commons, ef Persons abi'enu

54* GEO. III.	A.D.1814.	,

*	ing in future any Patent Office, to be exercised in any Colony or Plan-

* tat ion, now or at any Ttnie hereafter belonging to The Crown of

* Great Britain, for any longer Term than during such Time at the

€ Grantee thereof, or Perfon appointed thereto, shall discharge the \ f Duty thereof in Perfon, and behave well therein s And Whereas it € is expedient to amend and extend the Provifions of the said A&’;

Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mpft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and bj the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this A&, no OHice in any Colony, Settlement, Plantation or Foreign Poffeflion belonging to The Crown of Great Britain, shall be granted, either by Patent under the Great Seal, or by Commiffion under His Majefty’s Sign Manual, or by any other Commission, Warrant or Inftrument under which Offices in Colonies hate been heretofore or may hereafter be granted, for any longer Term than during such time as the Grantee thereof or the Perfon appointed thereto, shall re fide in the Colony, Settlement, Plantation or Foreign Pofsession, and execute the Duty of such Office in Perfon, and behave well therein.

* II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Power of granting

*	Leave of Abfence heretofore veiled in the Governor or Council of 4 Colonies Ihould be subject to further Reftri&ions and Limitations Be it therefore enacted, That in all cases in which the Governor and Council of any Colony, Settlement, Plantation or Foreign Pofsession, shall hereafter grant Leave of Abfence to any Perfon holding an Office within the fame, to which he shall have been appointed subsequent to the palling of this A&, the Governor of the said Colony, Settlement, Plantation or Foreign Pofsession, or in his Abfence the Lieutenant Governor or other Perfon adminiAeriDg the Government of the fame, shall, within One Week after granting the fame, report the fame to One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State for Confirmation; and in case the said Leave of Abfence shall not be confirmed within One Month from the Date of such Report having been received by the Secretary of State, the Perfon to whom the said Leave of Abfence may have been granted by the Governor and Council as aforesaid, shall forthwith return to the Colony, Settlement, Plantation or Foreign Poffeflion in which his Office is situated ; and in Default thereof mall be deemed to have vacated such Office, and his Appointment to such Office shall be con-iidered to all Intents and Purpofes void and of none Effe&.

III.	And be it further enacted, That evei*y Governor, Lieutenant Governor or other Perfon administering the Government of any Co-lony, Settlement, Plantation or Foreign Poffeflion viho shall omit or neglect to report in the manner hereinbefore directed, such Leave of Abfence as may have been granted by him, shall, for every such 0million or Negle&, forfeit a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered by A&ion of Debt in any of His Majefty’8 Courts off WeJlmijffier, within One Year after the Arrival in England of the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor or other Perfon administering the Government.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That within Six Weeks after the Opening of every Seflion of Parliament, there shall be laid upon the Tabic of the Houle of Commons, a Return of all Ferfons holding

Office*

CjOOQle

223

AJD.10I4*	54° GEO. III.	C.6r, 62.

Offices in the Crooks who may have been appointed thereto fubfe-ouent to the paifing of this Ad, who may not be present in the Execution of the Duties of their respective Offices: and that such Return dull be made in the Form prescribed in the Schedule (A.) to this Ad annexed.

V.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this A A con* A& not t0 Pra* tained shall operate to the Prejudice of any fubiifting Grant of any JiJdlce lubGltmi Office or Offices, or shall be construed to affect any Appointment, rtllt,‘ or any Leave of Abfence, granted previous to the palling of this Ad, or any renewed Grant of any Office which may be made in consequence of the Demife of Tne Crown to any Perfon now bolding the fame; and that no Provifion of this Ad shall be applicable or applied to any Office granted or to be granted by the United Company of Merchants trading to the Eajt Indies, or to any Rules, Regulations or Provisions, made by the said Corn-pan v, with respect to the Appointment or Leave of Abfence of any of tkeir Civil or Military Servants.

SCHEDULE to which this ACT refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

None of  the  Cotacr.	Name of  AHlent  Officer.	Description cf his Office.	Period for which Leave was granted in the Colony.	Caufc of Ablence.	j Dates of Governor’s Report to the Secretary of State.	When received by the Secre-taryofState.	Whether dif* allowed or confirmed, and for what Period.
Aatipu	John Roche	Secre ary	6 Months, to commence from the iff of May 18x3.	Sicknefs	ad May 18x3 -	iff July 1813 -	Confirmed, for 6 Months
TriasUd	James Goeer	Surveyor	is Months, from iff O&ober 1813.	Private  Affairs	iff July 1813 -	iff September 1813. -	Confirmed, for 4 Months.

CAP. LXII.

An Ad to amend several Ads for erecting or eftabliihing Public Infirmaries or Hofpitals in Ireland, so far as relates to the Surgeons and Apothecaries of such Infirmaries or Hofpitals.	[27th	May	1814.]

4 \T J HEREAS by an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in

*	W the Fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for erecting 9 and establishing Public Infirmaries or Hofpitals in Ireland, it is 4 enacted, that tne Surgeons to he chosen or appointed for the re-

*	fpedive County Infirmaries or Hofpitals, should be paid by the 4 Year a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be paid out

*	of the Public Money, in manner as in the said recited Ad is men, 4 tioned: And Whereas the (aid Sum, from the great Increafe in the 9 Price of the Neceflaries of Life, and other circumstances, is ina-

4 deauate to the fair Remuneration of the Services of such Surgeon | 4 and in consequence thereof, it has been found impossible, in fomd * Counties, to procure Perfogs, properly qualified according to Law,

4 to

5G.3 (I.)c *«. *5.



Gram! Juries may prt tent a Sum, not exceed-itafr iool. in addition.

Certificate of good Condud of Surgeon, previ-oufly laid before Grand Jury;and a Copy of his Letters Tefti-monial.

36 G. 3* (I.) c.9.

Condition on which Salary paid.

Suhfcriber not t* vote till Suh-1'cription paid.

When an additional Infirmary necelfiary not to

C. 62.	$4°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1814. i

* to accept such Situation* Be it therefore enacted by The King** Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent tif the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aftemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this Ad, it shall and may he lawful for the	*

Grand Jury of the several Counties in the said recited Ad mentioned, and of aH other Counties, and Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, in Ireland, either at the Spring or Sumrtier Affizes	,

to be holden in and for any such County, County of a City ot County of a Town, in Ireland, in each Year, to present any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be raised in the County at large, or in the County of a City, or County of a Town, and to be paid to the Surgeon of the Infirmary or Hofpital in such County, County of a City or County of a Town ; and which Sum shall be in addition to the Salary which any such Surgeon is entitled to receive under or by virtue of the before recited Act of the Fifth Year of Jiis present Majefty’s Reign, or of any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, relating to such Infirmaries or Hofpitals.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before any such Prefentment shall be made by the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, there shall be laid before such Grand Jury at the Afsizes, a Certificate signed by the Governors of such Infirmary or Hofpital, or by Five of them at the lead, at a Meeting to be holden by them in the Month of January preceding such Aflizes, flating that the Surgeon for whom fuen additional Salary is requeued to be presented hath duly and faithfully executed his Duty as Surgeon of such Infirmary or Hofoital during the preceding Year: Provided also, that in all cases where any such Surgeon of any Infirmary or Hofpital shall have been appointed to be such Surgeon, at any time subsequent to the passing of an Ad, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty fixtn Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled Ari A3 far thefurtbtr Regulation of Public Infirmaries or Hofpitals, a true Copy (certified under the Hand of the Treasurer of such Infirmary or Hofpital), of the Letters Teflimonial from the College of Surgeons in Ireland, required by the said Ad to be obtained by every such Surgeon, shall be laid before such Grand Jury previous to the requiring or making of any such Prefentment.

III.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Grand Jury to present such additional Salary unless the Surgeon for whom it is presented shall have given his Attendance and Profeffional Affiftance without any other or further Fee or Reward to the Prifoners and others in the Gaol of the County* County of a City or County of a Town, to the Infirmary of vthich he has been appointed Surgeon, if such Gaol is situate within Five Miles of such Infirmary.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That no Annual Governor or Governors of any such Infirmary or Hofpitals shall be permitted to vote at the Eledion of such Infirmary upon any Vacancy in such Office, unlef6 they shall have respectively paid the Subscription by virtue of which they claim a Right to vote at filch Eledion Two Years at the least before any such Vacancy shall have occurred.

V.	And be it further enacted. That whenever and so often as the Governors of any Infirmary or Flofpital established within and for

any

L^OOQle

A.D.i8r4»

225

54° GEO. III.	C-	62,	63.

wy County in Ireland shall deem it expedient to establish a Second be w;li1jn Infirmary or Hofpital within the fame County, it shall and may be law- 1D Miles of the fa! for them so to do, taking Care that such Infirmary shall not be other. Surgeon situate within Ten Miles of the Infirmary first established; and in and Apothecary such case it shall be lawful for such Governors to elect a Surgeon and	U>	atr

Apothecary for the Purpofe of attending such Second or Additional Infirmary or Hofpital; and that whenever and so often as Two Infirmaries shall be so established within any County it shall and may be lawful for the Surgeon and Apothecary of each of the said Infirmaries or Hofpitals to receive respectively One Half of the Emoluments provided for Surgeons or Apothecaries of Infirmaries or Hofpitals by this Aft or any other A&3 now in force relating to such Infirmaries or Hofpitals:	Provided always, that both such Provifa.

Surgeons shall be duly qualified according to Law, and that both of them shall have conformed to all and (ingular the Enaftments and Provilions contained in this Aft or in any other Aft or Afts now in force relating to such Infirmaries or Hofpitals.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Governors of Governors may any Infirmary or Hofpital shall deem it mod economical, or otherwise S‘ve Salary, to advisable to procure the Medicines for the Ufe of such Infirmary from ^Jkingup^' °f Apothecaries Hall in Dublin, or from any Wholefale Dealer in Me- Medicines found diemes, it shall be lawful for such Governors (out of the Funds pre- by Governor*, fented by the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which such Infirmary or Hofpital shall be lituated, for the Support of any such Infirmary or Hofpital, by virtue of the Powers vested in them by any Aft or Afts in force for that Purpofe) to appropriate and pay to any Apothecary who shall have duly served an Apprenticeftiip to the Art and Myftery of an Apothecary, a Sum by the Year not exceeding Thirty Pounds assa Salary for the compounding, making up, preparing and administering Medicines to and for the Ufe of Patients of such Infirmary or Hofpital; provided that it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Governors, that such Apothecary hath diligently and faithfully executed the Duties of his Office as aforeiaid.

CAP. LXni.

An Aft to amend several Afts for enabling His Majefty’s Poft-mafter General of Ireland to purchase Premifes for the Enlargement of the General Poll Office in the City of Dublin.

[27th May 1814.]

«	by	an Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of the 48 G.3. c.48.

*	V V Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 to enable His $ x*

*	Majtjlj’s Poflmafler General of Ireland to furebafe Premifes for the 4 Enhrgewunt of the General Pojl Office in the City of Dublin 5 and

*	by another Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 4 His present Majefty* to amend the said recited Aft of the Forty 4 eighth Year, certain Powers are given for enabling His Majefty’g 4 Pofhnafter General to purchase Houses, Buildings or Ground ad-4 joining or contiguous to the General Pofl Office in Dublin, for the 4 Purpofe of making any Addition to the said General Pofl Office;

4 andalfo for purenafing the Ground or Premifes whereon the said 49 G. 3. c. 70. 4 Poft Office and its Appendances and Appurtenances, and all Build- $ 1.

4 ings belonging thereto had been eroded and then Hood; and it is 54 Gjdq. 11L	Q	4	expedient





Poftm.ifter Ge* neral mav contract with Owner* for Purchafe of Premiles for building a Poft Office.

Poft Office may

Ue fold.

In case of Ab-fence of Guardians, fcc.

Court of Chancery may order Conveyanct of Premifes.

C. 63.	540	GEO. III.	A.D.	1814.	'

*	expedient that the said Powers should be enlarged in manner herein- a

*	after mentioned •/ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the -palling of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful for His Majefty’s Poftmafter General of Ireland for the time being, and lie is hereby authorized and empowered to contraft with the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any House or Houses, or Building or Buildings, or Parcel or Pareels, or Plot or Plots of Ground within the City or County of the City of Dublin, and with the LefTee or Leffees t of any such House, Building or Ground, or with any Truftee or Truf- > tees for any such Owner or Proprietor, or Leflee, or with the Guardian or Guardians, Truftee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, or Afiignee or Aflignees of any Infant, Feme Covert, Idiot, Lunatic or Bankrupt respectively, for the Purchafe of any such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Parcel or Pareels, or Plot or Plots of Ground, and for the respective Interefts of all such Perfons who shall be entitled thereto, to and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs, and SuccefTors, in order and for the Purpofe that a new and more convenient Poft Office may be made, erected and built upon the Scite of such House or Houses, or Building or Buildings, and Ground refpec-tively 5 subject nevertheless to and under all and singular the Clauses, Powers, Provifoes, Reftriftions, Limitations and Conditions in the said recited Afts, or either of them contained, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if all the said Clauses, Powers, Provifoes, Reftriftions, Limitations and Conditions were repeated and re-enafted in this Aft, except only so far as the fame are altered by this Aft ; and that all Sales, Grants and Conveyances by any Perfon or Perfons, or his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Traftee or Truftee*, Committee 6r Committees, or Affignee or Affignees of any House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Parcel or Pareels, or Plot or Plots of Ground under this Aft, mall have the fame Force and Effeft to all Intents and Purpofes as any Sale, Grant or Conveyance made or executed under or by virtue of the said recited Afts, or either of them.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Poftmafter General of Ireland, for the time being, to fell, difpefe of and convey the present General Poft Office, situate at College Green% in the City of Dublin, and all Buildings, Offices and Grounds thereunto belonging ; and that all and every Sum and Sums of Money to arise or be produced by such Sale, shall be applied in like manner and for such Purpofes as the Revenues arising from the Duties on the Poftage of Letter* under the Controul and Management of the said Poftmafter General of Ireland.

III.	And be it further enacted. That in case it shall at any time happen that there shall be Two or more Guardians, Truflees, Affignees or Committees for any Owner or Proprietor, or Leflee, or other Perfon beneficially interested in any Houle or Houfe9, Building or Buildings, Plot or Plots or Parcel or Parcels of Ground, required to be purchased for the Purpofes of the said recited Afts or this Aft, and that any one or more of such Guardians, Trustees, Affignees or Committees shall be absent out of the United Kingdom, in Foreign Parts beyond the Seas, it shall and may be lawful for His Majefty**

Poftmafter

UooqIc—

AD. i Si*

54° GEO. Ill*

C.63

227

Poftmafter General of Ireland for the time being* o prefer a Petition to the Court of Chancery in Ireland, praying that the Guardian or Guardians, Tmflee or Trustees, Aflignee or Aflignees, Committee or Committees, who shall be within the United Kingdom, may be di-reded to execute a Conveyance or Conveyances, and to deliver the Pofleffion of any such Premises, or to make and execute any Contract, or to do any other Matter or Thing requisite for the Conveyance of such Premiles so required to be purchased for the Purpofes of the said recited A &s or this Adt; and it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chaneery, upon the hearing of such Petition, to order and direct any such Conveyance, and to proceed in all respects in any such manner to cause such Poftmafter General to be put in Pofleffion of such Premifes as the said Court is empowered to do under and by virtue of the said recited A d of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, 4g 0.3. in the case of any Perfon or Perfons, or Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, neglecting or refusing to execute any Conveyance under the Provisions of the said recited Adi, and to make such other Order in the Premifes for the effeduating of such Conveyance, as to the said Court of Chancery shall seem just and reasonable ; and all Conveyances of any Premifes made and executed under the Order of the said Court of Chaneery, ftiall be as good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, and ftiall have the like Force and Eftcd in Law and Equity as if the Guardian or Guardians, Truftee or Trustees, Affignce or Aflignees, or Committee or Committees so being absent out of the said United Kingdom had joined in executing such Conveyance, and a3 if such Conveyance had been executed by all and every Perfons and Perfon in whom the Title in or to such Pre-mifes was legally veiled; any Deed, Ad, Law, Statute or other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Perfons fum-the laid Poftmafter General, or for the Secretary of the said General monC(i t0 vv Poll Office respectively for the time being, ana they are hereby re- j^deuce befor# foedively authorized and empowered to summon in Writing such Per-Ion or Perfons as may be found necelfary to give Evidence before any Jury to be impanelled for the Purpofes of the said recited Ads or this A&, as well on behalf of the said Poftmafter General or Secretary of the laid General Poll Office, as of any Owner, Proprietor or Leflee of any Premises, or of any Guardian, Truftee, Aflignee or Committee of any such Owner, Proprietor or Leflee; and in case such Perfon or Per-Dons who shall be so summoned as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to attend at the Place in such Summons to be specified, within Twenty four Hours if resident in the City of Dublin, and if resident at a Dii-tance from the said City, within a reasonable time after Service there-	(

of, or shall refuse to give Evidence, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Poftmafter General or Secretary of the said General Poft Office for the time being (upon Proof of the Service of such Summons by the Oath of some credible Perfon, which Oath they are respectively hereby empowered to adminifter), to impose such Fine or Fines on such Perfon or Perfons so refusing or neglecting to attend as aforesaid, or refusing to give Evidence, as to them the said Poftmafter General or Secretary of the said General Poll Office may seem proper, any such Fine not to exceed Fifty Pounds.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses,	^

Pnmfoes, Conditions, Powers and Reftridions, and all Penalties and A ‘	3.	c'

Q *

Modes

49 G* 3* c. 70. extended to A<CL



328

Money pjid out of Duty on Vofta^e.

<.98.

Duties payable during the War tontirued till July 5,1815.

Modes of recovering the fame in the said recited Afts or either of them mentioned or contained, shall extend and be applied in the Execution of this Aft, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Claules, Provifoes, Conditions, Powers and Re-ftriftions, Penalties and Modes of recovering the fame, were repeated and re-enafted in this Aft; and that the said recited Afts and this Aft shall be construed together as one Aft.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Poftmafter General of Ireland for the time being, to pay all such Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Purpofes of this Aft, and of the said recited Aft, out of any Money m hi3 Hands arising from the Duty on the Poftage of Letters in Ireland.

CAP. LXIV.

An Aft to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, certain Temporary or War Duties of Cuftoms on the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Great Britain.	[27th May	1814.J

WHEREAS bv an Aft passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for repealing tlx several Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and other subsequent Afts (a), certain Duties of Cuftoms, under the Title and Defcription of “Temporary or War Duties are granted to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandizes imported 1 into Great Britain, and are to be paid and payable during the War, 1 and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of * Peace, and it is expedient that the said Duties should be further 1 continued5’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-sembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the several and re-fpeftive Duties and Cuftoms upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great Britain, which by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this Aft are payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, during the Continuance of the War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall continue to be paid and payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

(a) [50G.3. C. 77. ^ 3—51G. 3. c.67. fa.— 51G.3. c. 93. #3-—52G.3. c.36. fj.— 52G.3.	jjG.j. #.33- f	9*

—#.36. f 5a* ante.'I

CAP.





iLD.iSr*.

540 GEO. ID.

C.

229

CAP. LXV.

An Act to repeal certain Duties on French Goods imparted into Great Britain, and on Foreign Hides exported to France, and to grant other Duties on French Goods so imported.

[27th May 1814.3

‘ TT7HEREAS by an Aft of Parliament patted in the Fifty third 53 G.3. c. 33.

1 V V Year of the Reign of His present M; jetty, intituled An A8 1 for granting certain additional Duties of Cujloms imported into and 1 exported from Great Britain, new and additional Duties of Cuftoms Tabf A ‘ are payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares

*	and Merchandizes, being the Growth, Production or Manufacture

*	of France, or of any Country, Place or Territory annexed to

*	France, or under the Dominion of the Perfon or Perfons exercising ‘ the Powers of Sovereignty in France, and also upon the Exporta-

‘ tion from Great Britain to France, or to any such Country, Place Tab. B.

*	or Territory, of Foreign Hides in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or

*	in any way drafted : And Whereas it is expedient that the said new 1 and additional Duties should be repealed, and other Duties granted « in lien of the first mentioned DutiesBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this-prefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That, from and after the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight Duties on hundred and fourteen, the new and additional Temporary or War F^nch Goods Dirties payable by the said Aft on the Importation into Great Britain	Hides	”

of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Growth, Production or Ma- exported, to nufafture of France, or of any Country, Place or Territory annexed to cease \

France, and upon the Exportation from Great Britain to France, or to any such Country, Place or Territory, of Foreign Hides in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or in any way dracted, do cease and determine, fare and except in all cases relating to the recovering and paying any Arrears thereof, which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the laid Tenth Day of May; and that and inifeadof from and after the said Day, in lieu and instead of the first mentioned first mentioned Duties hereby repealed, tnere shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, upon the Impor- xabl/annexed tation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, the Growth, Produftion or Manufafture of France, or of any Count™,

Place or Territory annexed to or under the Dominion of France, the additional Duties of Cuftoms, as the fame are deferibed and fet forth in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A.

II. And be it further enacted, That the new and additional Duties Duties how granted by this Aft, shall be raised, levied, collested, paid, recovered levied* and applied in the fame manner, and under such Powers and Audio- ' ribes, and by such ways and methods, and under such Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided for the railing, levying, collecting, paying, recovering and applying the Duties granted by the said recited Aft on Goods, Wares and Mer ebandize* enumerated or deferibed in the Schedule thereunto annexed, tarkedA. as fully and effectually to all Intetits and Purposes, as if

Q 3

the

A.D. 1814.

23® C« ^5*	J40	GEO* in.

the fame Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures were repeated and re-enafted in this Ad.

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

A TABLE of DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on the Impor-tation into Great Britain of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or described.

GOODS, Wares and Merchandize (Wine, Raw Silk, Sugar, Tea and Cotton Wool excepted), being of the Growth, Produce or Manufafture of France, for every Hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the Permanent Duties of Cuftoms due	Duty.
	£. /. d.
and payable thereon	2500

c. %6. ante. Tab. B.

19 G. 1. c.17*

§4.

. No Duty charged on Importation of ■ ny Teak or other Wood.

19 G. a. c. a7. 14*

CAP. LXVL An Aft to repeal the Duties on Teak Wood and other Ship Timber imported from the East Indies; and to repeal so much of an Aft of the Nineteenth Year of His late Majesty, as exempts Captains of Veflels coming from the Eaji Indies, from Penalties for having Foreign-made Sails.

[27th May 1814.] ■

1 YT7 HEREAS it is expedient to repeal the Duties now payable :

*	VV on Teak or other Wood fit for Shipbuilding imported into

*	Great Britain from the East Indies, and also to repeal so much of

*	an Aft of Parliament pafTed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of 1 1 His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Ad for the

*	more ejfcQual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-made Sail

*	Cloth imported into this Kingdom% and for charging all Foreign-made 4 Sails with a Duty ; andfor explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being

*	obliged at their JirJl Jetting out to Sea to be fumijhtd with One compleat € Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth, as exempts any Captain or

*	Mafter of any Ship or VefTel coming from the East Indies from

*	any of the Duties or Forfeitures impefed by the said Aft 5’ Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and , with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 1 and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, no Duty of Cuftoms shall be charged or payable upon the legal Im- . portation into Great Britain of any Teak or other Wood fit for Ship-building, the Growth or Produce of any Place or Country within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, provided due Entry

is made thereof, and the Wood is landed in the Prefence of the proper Officers at the Port of Importation.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the laid recited Aft pafTed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, as provides, that nothing therein contained shall charge or make liable any Captain or Mafter of any Ship or Veffel coming from the Eafl Indies with any of the Duties or Forfeitures therein mentioned, for or upon account of such Ship or VefTel being 10	navigated





AD. 1814.

540 GEO. III.

C. 66, 67.

231

Darigated with or having on board any Foreign-made Sail or Sail* which /hall be bona Jide brought from the East Indus, shall, from and after the passing of this Adt, be, and the fame is hereby repealed. repeal?d.

CAP. LXVII.

An Aft to allow Viva Voce Verdidls to be returned to the High Court and Circuit Courts of Judiciary of Scotland, in certain Cafes ; and for allowing Appeals to the Circuit Courts of Judiciary, in Civil Cases, to a certain Amount.

[27th May 1814.]

4 TXT HE REAS by the Form of Proceeding in Trials for Crimes 4 YV before the High Court and Circuit Courts of Judiciary in 4 Scotland, Verdidls of Juries must be prepared in Writing, and re-• gulzAj executed in Prefence of the Jurymen, by their Chancellor 4 and Clerk, after the Jury are inclosed, when Accefs to the Court 4 for Advice or Diredlion, or otherwise, is incompetent : And 4 Whereas the Neceflity of always observing this Form is in many 4 cases attended with an unnecessary Confumption of Time and Delay 4 of Public Bufinefs; and by means of Miftakes in written Verdidls,

4 guilty Perfons fometime3 escape Puni/hment, and the Ends of Juf-4 tice are thereby defeated May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament asembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That notwithllanding any Law or Pra&ice to the contrary, it /hall hereafter be lawful for Mouth of the said High Court of Jufticiary and Circuit Courts, and at the Dif- Ch.mcelior of cretion thereof respectively, to receive Verdidls from Juries by the Jury.

Mouth of their Chancellors, when upon a Confultation in the Jury Box, the whole Jurymen are agreed therein, although the said Verdidls be not contained in Writing nor prepared after the Jury /hall have been inclosed, and to cause the fame to be taken down and recorded j and that in cases where Juries retire from the Prefence of the Court, and are inclosed in order to consider of and prepare their Verdidls, it shall also be lawful for the said High Court of Jufticiary and Circuit Courts, at the Difcretion of the mid Courts respectively, to receive fiich Verdidls by the Mouth of the Chancellors of the said Juries, in Prefence of the Pannel, although the Verdidls have not been made out in Writing ; provided the whole Jurymen are agreed therein, and provided the Judges are then fitting in Court, To that the Jury may flraightway repair to the Prefence of the Court, attended by an Officer or Officers thereof.

II.	And be it enacted, That not with/landing another Trial be Provifion in caf# depending at the time, and even after another Jury /hall have been anot!?er 1 ml charged with a Pannel or Pannels, when a Jury as aforesaid /hall repair p

to the Prefence of the Court, in order to return their Verdidl, it shall be lawful for the said Courts either to receive the Verdidl, in Prefence of the Pannel, provided the whole Jurymen are agreed therein, and to cause the fame to be recorded, or to remand the Jury, and order them to be re-inclosed, and to prepare a Verdidl in Writing.

III.	And be it enacted, That in any of the said cases provided for In what case by this Adi, the Interruption thereby occasioned in the Proceedings Proceeding*n ot the laid Courts shall not be deemed any Irregularity, or entitle any d*f™ed urre-

Q 4	Pannel	gu

not





A.D. 1814.

Forms hitherto in uic diiertcd to he ohlerveii, *nd Ait not to extend to c*fes of Trealun.

40 G. 2. c. 43*

$ 34.

.41 G.4. C.44. § 7-

Apical to Cir-cun C\ in t, in what cale.

Pannel or Panncls under Trial to take any Objedlion to the Proceedings ; and all Trials conducted agreeably to any of the Forms hereby authorized, shall be held equally regular, and the Judgments pronounced therein be equally ededtual to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been conduced according to the Forms hitherto in use.	1

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where Verdidts shall not be received Viva Voce in any of the said cases above provided for, the Forms hitherto established in the said Courts shall be practised , and observed in every respect as heretofore ; and that those Forms which regulate Proceedings in cases of Treafon or Mifprilion of Treason, shall also remain as heretofore by Law edablifhed 5 any thing in this Adi to the contrary notwithstanding.

•	• V. And Whereas by an Adt paftVd in the Twentieth Year of the 4 Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An A3 4 for taking away and abolijhing the Heritable Jurifdi Elions in that 4 Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Sat'tsfadion 4 to the Proprietors thereof and for rcjloring such Jurifdictions to The 4 Crown, and for making more effectual Provifion for the Adminiflra-4 tion of Jujlice throughout that Part of the United Kingdom, by The 4 Kingys Courts and Judges there ; and for obliging all Pcrfons acting 4 as Procurators, Writers or Agents in the Law in Scotland, to take 4 the Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more

•	complete ; it was enacted, 44 That it should and might be lawful to 4 and for any Party or Parties conceiving himself or themselves ag-4 grieved by any Interlocutor, Decree, Sentence or Judgment of the 4 Sheriff or Stewards Court of any County, Shire or Stewartry, or 4 of the Courts of any Royal Burgh or Burgh of Regality or Barony,

4 or of any Court of any Baron or other Heritor, having such Jurif-4 diction as is not abrogated or taken away by the said Adi, where 4 such Interlocutor, Decree, Sentence or Judgment shall be concerning 4 Matters Criminal, of whatever Nature or Extent the fame may be,

4 except all cases which are for the Lofs of Life or Demembration,

•	or in Matters Civil, where the Subjedl Matter of the Suit did not 4 exceed in Value the Sum of Twelve Pounds Sterling, to complain 4 and feck Relief again!! the fame by Appeal to the next Circuit 4 Court of Judiciary of the Circuit wherein such County, Shire or 4 Stewartry, Royal Burgh or Burgh of Regality or Barony, or such 4 Barony or Eltate shall lie, so as no such Appeal be competent be-4 fore a final Decree, Sentence or Judgment pronouncedwhich 4 A61, in so far as regarded such Appeals being at fird temporary,

4 was made perpetual by another Adi patted in the Thirty fird Year

•	of the Reign of His said Majedy George the Second, for making

•	perpetual several Adis therein mentioned, and among others !o 4 much of the said lad recited Adi as relates to the Power of appeal-4 ing to tne Circuit Courts in Civil Cases, in Scotland: And Whereas 4 it is expedient to allow such Appeals, where the Subjedl Matter of 4 the Suit shall not exceed in Value Twenty five Pounds Sterling Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Party or Parties who might appeal to any Circuit Court in Cafes Civil, where the Subjedl Matter of the Suit did not exceed in Value the Sum of Twelve Pouuds Sterling, pursuant to the said recited Adi, henceforth to appeal in the manner thereby directed in Cafes Civil, where the Subjedl Matter of the Suit shall not exceed in Value the Sum of Twenty five Pounds Sterling,

16	CAP.





A.D. i8i4*

54° GEO. III.

C .68.

*33

CAP. LXVIII.

An Aft for the better Regulation of Ecclefiaftical Courts in Ireland ; and for the more easy Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes.	[17th June 1814.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that Excommunication, together

*	VV with all Proceedings following thereupon, should in certain

*	cafes be discontinued, and that other Proceedings should be fubfti-1 tuted in lieu thereof; and that certain other Regulations should be

*	made in the Proceedings of the Ecclefiaftical Courts; and that ‘ more convenient Modes of recovering Tithes and Church Rates,

‘ in certain cases, should be provided Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That, from and after the palling of this Aft, Excommunication, to- Excommunica-retheT with all Proceedings following thereupon, Ihall in all cases, *ion in certain fare those hereafter to be specified, be discontinued throughout that c»fcs diicon-Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called tlnuc<1,

Ireland; and that in all Causes, which according to the Laws of this Realm are cognizable in the Ecclefiaftical Courts, when any Perfon or Perfons having been duly cited to appear in any Ecclefiaftical Court, or required to comply with the lawful Orders or Decrees, as well final as interlocutory, of any such Court, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or neglect or refuse to pay Obedience to such lawful Orders or Decrees; or when any Perfon or Perfons shall commit a Contempt in the Face of such Court, no Sentence of Excommunication shall be given or pronouneed, saving in the particular cases hereafter to be lpecified ; but in Head thereof it shall be lawful for the Judges or Judge who issued out the Citation, or whose lawful Orders or Decrees have not been obeyed, or before whom such Contempt in the Face of the Court shall have been committed, to pronounce such Perfon or Perfons Contumacious and in Contempt, and within Ten Days to signify the fame, in the Form to this Aft annexed, to His Majesty in Chaneery, as hath heretofore been done in signifying Excommunications; and thereupon a Writ de Contumace Capiendo, in the Form to this Aft annexed,

shall issue from the Court of Chaneery, directed to the fame Perfons to whom the Writs de Excommunicato Capiendo have heretofore been pe Contumacy dirested; and the fame shall be returnable in like manner as the Writ' Capiendo. de Excommunicato Capiendo hath been by Law returnable heretofore, and shall have the fame Force and Effeft as the said Writ; and all Rules and Regulations not hereby altered, now by Law applying to the said Writ, and the Proceedings following thereupon, shall extend and be applied to the said Writ de Contumace Capiendo and the Proceedings following thereupon, as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and enacted ; and the proper Officers of the said Court ot Chancery are hereby authorized and required to issue such Writ de Contumace Capiendo accordingly ; and all Sheriffs, Gaolers and other Officers, are hereby authorized and required to execute the fame, by taking and detaining the Body ofthe Perfon against whom th: said Writ ftfall be directed to be executed ; and upon the due Appearance of the Party so cited and not having appeared as aforc-

ftud.



Googk

*34

C. 68.

A.D.1814.

Ecclefiaftical Court*, not prevented from paffinp in certain cases, Excommunication.

Puniftiment by Jmprifonment.

x G. *. (I.)

c. IX.

X3 tc 14 G.3.

Justices empowered to determine Tithe Caufe*, where Amount exceeds not 10L.

54°

GEO. III.

said, or the Obedience of the Party so cited and not having obeyed as aforesaid, or the due Submiffion of the Party so having committed a Contempt in the Face of the Court, the Judges or Judge of such Ecclefiaftical Court shall pronounce such Party absolved from the Contumacy and Contempt aforesaid, and shall forthwith make an Order upon the Sheriff, Gaoler or other Officer in whose Cuftody he shall be, in the Form to this Ad annexed, for dif-charging such Party out of Cuftody 5 and such Sheriff, Gaoler or other Officer shall, on the said Order being {hewn to him, so soon as such Party shall have discharged the Cofts lawfully incurred by reason of such Cuftody and Contempt, forthwith discharge him.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Ad contained shall prevent any Ecclefiaftical Court from pronouncing or declaring Perfons to be Excommunicate in definitive Sentences, or in interlocutory Decrees having the force and effect of definitive Sentences, such Sentences or Decrees being pronounced as Spiritual Cenfures for Offences of Ecclefiaftical Cognizance, in the fame manner as such Court might lawfully have pronounced or declared the fame, had this Ad not been parted.

III.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon who shall be so pronounced or declared Excommunicate, shall incur any Civil Penalty or Incapacity whatever, in consequence of such Excommunication, save such Imprifonment not exceeding Six Months, as the Court pronouncing or declaring such Perfon Excommunicate, shall direct ; and in such case the said Excommunication and the Term of such Imprifonment shall be signified to His Majesty in Chaneery, in the fame manner as Excommunications have been heretofore signified; and thereupon the Writ dr Excommunicato Capiendo shall iftue, and the usual Proceeding shall be had, and the Party being taken into Cuftody shall remain therein for the Term so directed, or until he shall be absolved by such Ecclefiaftical Court.

* IV. And Whereas in the Fir ft Year of King George the Second,

*	an Ad was made and palled in that Part of the United Kingdom

*	of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, intituled An Ad for

*	the more easy Recovery of Tithes, and other Ecclefiaflical Dues of

*	Small Value : which Ad was at first temporary, but was by

*	feveral subsequent Ads of Parliament in Ireland from time to

*	time continued, and was at length made perpetual by an Ad of

*	Parliament made and passed in Ireland, in the Thirteenth and

*	Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, whereby,

*	amongft other things therein enacted, Two or more of Hii

*	Majefty’s Justices of the Peace are authorized and required to

*	hear and determine Complaints concerning Tithes, Offerings, Ec-1 clefiaftical Dues or Compositions, fubftraded or withdrawn, not

*	exceeding Forty Shillings : And Whereas it has become expedient 1 to enlarge such Amount, and also to extend the said Ad to all

*	Tithes whatsoever, of a certain limited AmountBe it enacted, That such Justices of the Peace shall, from and after the palling of this Ad, be authorized and required to hear and determine all Complaints concerning Tithes, Offerings, Ecclefiaftical Dues or Compositions, fubftraded or withdrawn, where the fame shall not exceed Ten Pounds in Amount from any One Perfon, in all such cases, and by all such means, and subject to all such Provifions and Remedies, by Appeal or otherwise, as contained in the said Ad of

v^ooQle

A.D. i8i4*

C. 63.

23S

54* GEO. III.

King George the Second, concerning Tithes, Offerings, Ecclefiaftical Dues or Compositions, not exceeding Forty Shillings: Provided pr0VIf0< always nevertheless, that, from and after the palling of this A61,

One Jullice of the Peace shall be competent to receive the original Complaint, and to summon the Parties to appear before Two or more Jullices of the Peace, as in the said Adi is fet forth.

V. And be it further enadlcd, That, from and after the palling Limitation of of this Adi, no Adlion shall be brought for the Recovery of any Actions.

Penalty for the not setting out of Tithes, nor any Suit inllituted in any Court of Equity, or in any Eccleliaitical Court, to recover the Value of any Tithes, unless such Adlion shall be brought, or such Suit commenced within Six Years from the time when such Tithes became due.

*	VI. And Whereas in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His 7 o. 3. (f.)

*	prefect Majesty King George the Third, an Adi was made and c. ai.

4 palled in Ireland, intituled An Ad to continue and amend an Ad,

4 pajfcd in the Third Tear of His Majejly's Reign, intituled An Ad 4 to amend and explain an Ad, made in the Thirty third Tear of the 4 Reign of Henry the Eighth, intituled An Ad for Tithes ; and for 4 other Purpofes therein mentioned; which Adi of the Seventh Year ‘ of the Reign of His present Majesty was at first temporary, but c was afterwards from time to time continued by subsequent Adis

*	of Parliament, and at length made perpetual by an Adi palled in

*	Ireland, in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His It & I2 g. 3.

4 present Majesty, intituled An Ad for reviving and continuing (I.) c. 10. §9.

4 Jeveral temporary Statutes that have lately expired, and for con-

4 tinning others that are near expiring ; by which said Adi of the

*	Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is enacted, 7 <3 3. (i.)

4 That where any Quaker shall refuse to pay, compound for or fet c.21. § 11.

*	out bis Great or Small Tithes, or pay any Cullomary or other 4 Rights or Dues belonging to any Church or Chapel, which by 4 Law or Cullom ought to be paid. Two or more of His Majefty's 4 Jullices of the Peace are authorized to hear and determine the fame,

4 not exceeding the Value of Ten Pounds: And Whereas it is be-

‘ come expedient to enlarge the said Sum;* Be it enacted, That, Pmviflonsof from and after the palling of this Adi, all the Provifions of the said ? G; 3- touching Ad of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, touching Quakers, e^jexte11 ~ shall be deemed and taken to extend to any Value not exceeding Fifty 0ne JuiUce Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that, from and after the pal- competent, sing of this Adi, One Jullice of the Peace shall be competent to receive the original Complaint, and to summon the Parties to appear before Two or more Jullices of the Peace, as in the said Adi is fet forth.

•	‘ VII. And Whereas it is expedient that Church Rates or Parifh 1 CelTes of limited Amount unduly refused or withheld, Ihould in

4 certain cases be more ealily and speedily recovered Be it enacted, Church Rates That, from and after the palling of this Adi, if any one duly rated and Panlh to a Church Rate or Parilh Cefs, the Validity whereof has not been Ce^es* questioned in any Eccleliallical Court, shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame Sum at which he is so rated, it shall and may be lawful for any One Jullice of the Peace of the fame County, County of a City or Town Corporate, where the Church is situated, in rcfpedl whereof such Rate or Parilh Cefs shall have been made, upon the Complaint of any Churchwarden or Churchwardens who ought to

receive





A.D. 1814*

Li.'lrcfs.

^rrcai.

P'Olift,

Provifij.

Piovifu,

^ r,v' ’fo for

C.9.

n.3.

21. *

e.68.	54*	GEO. III.

receive and colle6l the fame, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Juilice, to convene before any Two or more of such Justices of the Peace, any Perfon so refuting or negledling to pay such Rate or Parifh Cefs, and to examine upon Oath (which Oath the said Juftir^s are hereby empowered to adminiitcr) into the Merits of the said Complaint, and by Order under their Hands and Seals to diredi the Payment of what is due and payable in refpedf of such Rate or Cefs, so as the Sum ordered and directed to be paid as aforesaid do not exceed Ten Pounds over and above the reasonable Colls and Charges to be ascertained by such Justices; and upon Refufal or Neglect of such Party to pay according to such Order, it shall and may be lawful for any One of such Justices, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the Money thereby ordered to be paid, together with the Amount of such Colls and Charges, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of such Offender, his Executors or Adminiftra-tors, rendering only the Overplus to him or her, the necessary Charges of diflraining being thereout first deduced and allowed by the said Justices 5 and any Perfon finding him or herself aggrievedby any Judgment given by Two or more such Justices, may appeal to the next General Quarter Seflions to be held for the County, County of a City or Town Corporate, wherein the Church is situated, in respect whereof such Rate or Cefs shall have been made; and the Ju ftices of the Peace then present, or the major Part of them, shall proceed finally to hear and determine the Matter, and to reverse the laid Judgment if they shall fee Cause; and if the Justices then present, or the major Part of them, shall find Caufe to affirm the Judgment given by the first Two or more Justices, the fame shall be decreed by Order of Selfions, with Cods against the Appellant, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Party Appellant: Provided always, that in case any such Appeal be made as aforesaid, no Warrant of Diftrefs shall be granted until after such Appeal be determined: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to alter or interfere with the Jurifdi&ion of the Ecclefiaftical Courts to hear and determine Caufes touching the Validity of any Church Rate or Cefs, or from Proceeding to enforce the Payment of any such Rate or Cefs, if the fame (hail exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, from the Party proceeded against: Provided likewise, that if the Validity of such Rate or Cefs, or the Liability of the Perfon from whom it is demanded to pay the fame be disputed, and the Party disputing the fame give Notice thereof to the Justices, the Justices shall forbear giving Judgment thereupon; and the Perfon or Perfons demanding the fame may then proceed to the Recovery of their Demand, according to the Courfe of Law as heretofore used and accustomed s Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to alter, change or make void any Clause, Matter or Thing respecting the rebuilding and repairing of Churches contained in a certain A 61 of Parliament made and passed in Ireland) in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An A8 for the more ejfeQual ereSing and better regulating of Free Schools3 and for rebuilding and repairing of Churches.

‘ VIII. And Whereas by the aforesaid in part recited A61, paffed

•	in Ireland in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His prefent

•	Majefty, it is enabled, That where any Perfon or Perfons are con-

•	demned in any Sum or Sums of Money for Predial Tithes or Cods

€ Of

v^,ooQle

A.D. 1814.

540 GEO. III.

C» 68.

a37

of Suit, in any such Caufe fas in the Ad mentioned), and the Party so condemned shall refute or negleet, after Service of a Monition for that Purpofe from the Court where such Sentence is or shall be given, and Proof made upon Oath of the due Service thereof, by the Space of Fifteen Days after such Service, to satisfy and pay to the Party obtaining such Sentence, such Sum or Sums as shall be so decreed, it shall and may be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons so obtaining such Sentence or Sentences, their Executors or Adminiftrators, to sue for the Money so decreed, by Civil Bills, before the next going Judges of Affize for the County where the Parties again ft whom such Sentence was pronounced shall reside, or in any other Court where Civil Bills are or shall be allowed to be brought, in such manner as Suits by Civil Bills are now allowed to be brought, so as the fame do not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds: And Whereas an Ad was made and pafTed in Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, G y intituled An A3 for the better Execution of the Law and Preferva- c. 40.* §15. tion of the Peace within Counties at large ; by virtue of which Act, a Barrifter at Law, of Six Years standing at least, was appointed to ad as a constant Affiftant to the Justices at every Seffion of the Peace in each County in Ireland : And Whereas an A& was made and patted, in Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of 36 G. 3. (I.) the Reign of His present Msyefty, intituled An A3 for the better c* and more convenient Adminijlration of Juft'tce, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a summary way, at the Scjfions of the Peace of the several Counties at large within this Kingdom (except the County ^Dublin), and for continuing and amending an A3, intituled An A3 for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within the Counties at large ; and it is by said Ad epaded.

That the aforesaid Affiftant Barrifters be authorized and em- §k

powered, at the General Sefiions or Quarter Seffiona of the Peace

in their respective Counties, to hear and determine in a fummary

way, by Englifh Bill or Paper Petition>*ufually called a Civil Bill,

among other Adions therein recited, all Adions or Monitions

ifTuing from Ecclefiaftical Courts, for Nonpayment of Sums in

which the Parties shall have been condemned in such Ecclefiaftical

Courts for Predial Tithes or Cofts of Suit, according to the Pro-

vifioos of the hereinbefore in part recited Ad of the Seventh

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that the faid

Affiftant Barrifters shall respectively be the foie and exclufive

Judges in such Courts of General and Quarter Seflions of the Peace,

for hearing and determining in^a summary way by Englifh Bill or

Paper Petition, usually called a Civil Bill, such Caufes as they are

empowered as aforesaid to hear and determine, in like manner as the

Chairman of the County of Dublin now is : And W hereas an Ad

was made and passed, in Ireland, in the Thirty ninth Year of the 39 G. 3. (I )

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for the further c* l6‘

Amendment of an AB faffed in the Thirty sixth Tear of the Reign of

His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An A3 for the better

and more convenient Adminijlration of Juftice, andfor the Recovery

of Small Debts in a summary way, at theSeJJtons of the Peace within

this Kingdom (except the County of Dublin); ana for continuing and

amending mu AB for the better Execution of the Lav? and Preferva*

tion of tat Peace within Counties mtlprge ;* by which Ad it is ep-

« acted.

C.68.



54* GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

is-

a G. 1. (I.) c.xi.

Amount of Decrees on Monitions by Chairman of Dublin crteuded.

7 0.3 (I.) c. ax.

Regulation for Prod ors.

#	acted, That it shall and may be lawful for the aforesaid Affiftant

•	Barrifters, at all times hereafter, to make Decrees on all Monitions

*	ifluing out of Ecclefiaftical Courts, without any Limitation on ac-

*	count of the Sum therein contained : And Whereas the Chairman 4 of the County of Dublin is always one of His Majefty’s Judge*

*	or Counfel learned in the Law, who, with the Justices of the Peace

•	for the County of Dublin, holds the General Quarter Seffions of 4 the Peace for the said County ; and the said Chairman of the

*	County of Dublin is, by an Ad of Parliament made and patted 4 in Ireland, in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the 4 First, intituled jin AS for reviving and amending an AS, intituled 4 An AS for recovering of Small Debts in a summary way, before the 4 Judges of AJ/tze, authorized and empowered to exercifiva full Civil 4 Bill Jurifdidion, at the General Quarter Seffions for the said 4 County, but he cannot make a Decree for any greater Sum on a

•	Monition issuing out of an Ecclefiaftical Court than the Sum of 4 Twenty Pounds ; and it is expedient that he should have the fame 4 Power and Authority to make Decrees on Monitions issuing out 4 of the Metropolitical and Confiftorial Court of the Diocefe of 4 Dublin, within the County of Dublin, as the aforesaid Affiftant 4 Barrifters are invested with, in the manner before mentioned, in 4 their respective Counties ;* Be it therefore enacted. That it fhaH and may be lawful for the Chairman of the Seffions of the Peace for the County of Dublin, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, to hear and determine id a summary way, by Englifb Bill or Paper Petition, usually called a Civil Bill, all Adions on Monitions issuing from the Metropolitical and Confiftorial Court of the Diocefe of Dublin, for Nonpayment of Sums in which the Parties shall have been condemned m the said Ecclefiaftical Court, for Predial Tithes issuing, growing and increasing within the said County of Dublin, and Cons of Suit, according to the Provifions of the hereinbefore in part recited Ad of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, without any Limitation respecting the Amount of the Sum therein contained.

IX. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the palling of this Ad, if any Prodor of His Majefty’s Court of Prerogative in Ireland, or of the Confiftorial and Metropolitical Courts of Armagh and Dublin, or of any other Ecclefiaftical Court or Courts in Ireland, in which he shall be entitled to ad as Prodor, shall ad as such, or permit and suffer his Name to be in any manner used in any Suit, the Profecution or Defence whereof shall appert ain to the Office of a Prodor, or in obtaining Probates of Wills, Letters of Adminiftration or Marriage Licences, to or for or on account or for the Profit and Benefit of any Perfon or Perfons not entitled to ad as a Prodor, or shall permit or suffer any such Perfon or Perfons to demand or participate in such Profit and Benefit, and Complaint thereof shall be made in the Court or Courts wherein such Proctor hath been admitted and enrolied, and Proof given to the Satisfaction of the said Court or Courts that such Prodor bath offended therein as aforesaid 5 then and in such case every such Prodor so offending, shall be struck off the Roll of Prodors, and be for ever after disabled from practising as a Prodor, or be suspended from the Office, Fundions and Pradice of a Prodor, in all and every the said Court or Courts, for so long a Period as the Judge or Judges of the laid

Court



AJ). 1814:

54® geo. m.

C. 68.

239

Court or Courts may deem fit; save and except as to any Allowance or Allowances, Sum or Sums of Money that are or shall be agreed to be made to the Widows or Children of any deceased Proftor or Pro&ors, by any funriving Partner or Partners of such deceased Proctor or Proftors; and also fare and except as to any Agreement made or understood to have been made between Proftors and Articled Clerks, whose Articles have been executed prior to the palling of

X.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the palling of Asting, kc. as this Aft, in case any Perfon or Perfons shall, in his or in their own Prodor without Name, or in the Name of any other Perfon or Perfons, make, do,

aft, exercise or perform any Aft, Matter or Thing whatsoever, in c* any vrzy appertaining or belonging to the Office, Funftion or Practice of a Proftor, for or in Conlideration of any Gain, Fee or Reward, or with a View to participate in the Benefit to be derived from the Office, Funftions or Praftice of a Proftor, without being admitted and enrolied, every such Perfon for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be sued for and recovered PenaltJ-in manner hereinafter mentioned.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Clerks, herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Salary

which shall be agreed to be paid by a Proftor, his Partner or Suc-ceffor, to a Clerk really and bonafide serving in his Office, at the time of the palling of this Aft, and who shall have been bona fide serving in the Office of any Proftor or Proftors, for Seven Years next before the palling of the fame.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That, all pecuniary Forfeitures Recovery of and Penalties, imposed on any Perfon or Perfons, for Offences com- Penah’w»' mhted again ft this Aft, shall and may be sued for and recovered

io any ot His Maiefty’s Four Courts in the City of Dublin, by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information 5 wherein no Effoin,

Proteftion, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed ; and wherein the Plaintiff if he or (he shall recover any Penalty or Penalties, shall receive the fame for his or her own Ufe, with full Cofts of Suit.	Cofts.

XIII.	And be it further ena£ted, That if any Aftion or Suit shall Limitation of be brought or commenced for any thing done innpurfuance of this Aftion*.

Aft, every such Aftion or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Faft committed, and not afterwards;

ar.d shall be laid and tried in the City or County wherein the Caufe of Aftion shall have arisen, and not elsewhere 5 and the Defendant or Defendants in such Aftion or Suit shall and may plead the General General Ifluo. Hue, and give this Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done, in pursuance or by the Authority of this Aft 5 and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any Aftion or Suit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, or shall be laid in any other City, County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Judge shall find Cot the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdist, or if tHe Ylaxuuff or Wuntiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Di (continuance of their Aftion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall * or l{* uP°n Demurrer, Judgment shall be given againft

•t^ "Haintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have

Treble Coils, and shall have such Remedy for the fame as any De- Treble Cofts.

fondant

this Aft.





To extend to Ireland only.

C. 63.	54°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1814.

fendant or Defendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit in any other case by Law.

XIV. Provided always. That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Part of the United Kingdom except Ireland.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

Significavit, Party being Contumacious and in Contempt.

•T'O His Moft Excellent Majesty and Our Sovereign Lord George the Third by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, by Divine Providence [or, Permission, as the case may be]

Health in him by whom Kings and Princes rule and govern 5 We hereby notify and lignify unto Your Majesty, That one in the County of	hath	been	duly	pronounced guilty

of manifest Contumacy and Contempt of the Law and Jurifdi&ion Ecclefiaftical, in not [as the case may be] appearing before [here fet out the Style of the Ecclefiajlieal Judge, or bis Reprefentative] or, in not obeying the lawful Commands [here fet out the Commands] of [fuch Judge or Reprefentative] or, in having committed a Contempt in the Face of the Court of [fuch Judge, or Reprefentative] lawfully authorized by [here fet out the Nature and Manner of such Contempt] on a Day and Hour now long past, in a certain Caufe of [here fet out the Nature of the Caufe and the Names of the Parties to the fame] We therefore humbly implore and entreat Your said Moft Excellent Majesty would vouchsafe to command the Body of the said to be taken and imprisoned for such Contumacy and Contempt.

Given under the Seal of Our	Courts,	the

Day of	•

A*B. Regiftrar [or Deputy Regiftrar as the case may be.]

SCHEDULE (B.)

Writ de Contumace Capiendo.

QEORGE, See.	To	the	Sheriff

V Greeting :	The	hath figuified to

Vs, that	of	in your County

of	is	manifeftly	Contumacious,	and	contemns the

Jurifdi&ion and Authority of [here fully fate the Nonappearance, f)ifobedience, together with the Commands disobeyed, or, the Contempt m the Face of the Court, as the case may be], nor will he submit to the Ecclefiaftical Jurifdi&ion ; but foralmuch as the Royal Power ought not to be wanting to enforce such Jurifdiction, We commmand you, that you attach the faid	by	his	Body,	until he fhall

have made Satisfaftion for the said Contempt: And how you shall execute this Our Precept, notify unto	and	in	no

wife omit this; and leave you there this Writ.

Witndt	Day	of

jb the	Year	of Our Reign*

SCHE

C^ooQle

A D. 1814-

54* GEO, III.

C. 68} 6p«

241

SCHEDULE (C.)

IVrit of Deliverance.

of

ry'HEREAS

v in your County of	whom	lately	at	the

denouncing of	for Contumacy, dhd by Writ

iffued thereupon, you attached by his Body, until he (houli have made Satisfaction for the Contempt; Now he having submitted him-ielf and satisfied the said Contempt, We hereby empower and command you that without Delay you cause the faid

to be delivered out of the Prifon in which he is so detained, if upon that Occafion, and no other he shall be detained therein.

Given under our Seal of Our	of

Eitrafted by E-F. Proftor,

A*B. Regiftrar [or, Deputy Regiftrar, ai tie case may be,]

CAP. LXIX.

An Aft to permit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal*

Malt and Flour, from any Part of the United Kingdom, without Payment of Duty, or receiving of Bounty.

[17th June 1814.]

1 TT7HEREAS it is expedient that the Exportation of Com,

1 XX Grain, Meal, Malt and Flour, from any Part of the United

*	Kingdom should be permitted at all times, without the Payment of

*	any Duty, and without the receiving of any Bounty whatever;’

Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this Dutiss and Ad, all Duties of Cuftoms, and also all Bounties respectively granted ®°um,es 0,1 and payable, upon the Exportation of any Cora, Grain, Malt, Meal to°™af *P<me or flour, from any Part of the United Kingdom, and all Reftric-tions on the Exportation thereof, under any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in relation thereto, shall cease and determine; any thing contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding ; And, from and after the palling of this Aft, it shall be Com exporred lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to export at all times from any without Pay Part of the United Kingdom, any Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt and went of Duty; Flour, without the Payment of any Duty of Cuftoms thereon; and gc*e^ieivl,,& no Perfon shall be entitled to demand, have or receive any Bounty ° upon or for or in respect of the Exportation, after the palfing.of this Aft, of any Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt or Flour, from any Part of the United Kingdom ; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

54 Geo. III.

R

CAP.





242

54° GEO. ID.

AD. 1814

C. 70.

CAP. LXX.

I G. 3. c. 1.

§3.

[1 G. I# Stat. a.

C.X2.]

*70.3. c. 13.

548.

46 G.3. c. 87.

§ IX.

§14.

$40.

An Aft for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of The Grown.	[17th June 1814.]

4 TT THE REAS by an Aft palled in the First Year of the Reign

*	V V of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for the Support of

*	His Majefty9s Houfehold, and of the Honour and Dignity of Toe 4 Crown of Great Britain, it was enacted, that the Revenue arising 4 to His Majesty by Rents of Lands, or for Fines of Leafes of 4 the fame, or any of them (except the Revenue of the Duchy

*	of Cornwall), ftiould, during His present Majefty’s Life, be carried

* to and made Part of the General or Aggregate Fund eftablilhed 4 by the Aft of the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty 4 King George the First, and be, during the said Term, issued and 4 applied in manner thereinafter mentioned, to the Ufes to which 4 the said Fund was or ftiould be made applicable : And Whereas 4 by another Aft passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign 4 of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for repealing the several 4 Duties of Cujloms and Ex rife, and granting other Duties in lieu 4 thereof and for applying the said Duties together with the other 4 Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Imports-4 tion of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or 4 Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King into 4 this Kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remain-4 ing in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to 4 the ReduSion of the National Debty it was enacted, that the 4 Revenue arising to His Majesty by Rents of Lands, or for Fines 4 of Leafes of the fame or any of them, ftiould, during the Life 4 of His present Majesty, be carried to and made Part of a Fund 4 to be called The Confolidated Fund: And Whereas by an Aft 4 passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, intituled An A3 for appointing Commissioners to enquire 4 into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forejls and Land Re-4 venues belonging to The Crown ; and to fell or alienate Fee Farm 4 and other unimprovable Rents, the Commiflioners thereby appointed 4 were empowered to contraft and agree with any Perfon or Per-4 fons, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any 4 Fee Farm Rents, Rents Services, Rents Seek, Quit Rents, 4 Chauntry Rents, Guild Rents, Castle Guard Rents, Vifcontiel 4 Rents, and other dry, fixed and unimprovable Rents, due and 4 payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, within the Survey 4 and Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, at or for the belt 4 Prices or Confiderations, in Money, which the said Commissioners 4 ftiould be able to procure for the fame, not being less, for any 4 Rent amounting to or exceeding One Shilling per Annum, than 4 after. the several Rates of Purchafe thereinafter specified; and 4 the Governor and Direftors of the Bank of England were thereby 4 required to open an Account in their Books with the said Commit* 4 fioners thereby appointed, under the Title of 44 Commissioners for 4 the Land Revenue,” and carry to the Credit of such Account the 4 several Monies by the said Aft directed to be paid to the Cafhiere 4 of the Bank ; and it was by the said Aft enacted, that all Sums 4 of Money which ftiould be paid into the Bank of England by virtue

4 of

CjOOQle

243

A.D. i8J4*	54°	GEO.	III.	C.70.

* .v

•	of the said Ad, should from time to time be laid out, by Order*J 4 of the said Commiflioners thereby appointed, in the Purchafe of

*	Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names 4 of the said Commiflioners ; in which Names the Governor and 4 Company of the Bank of England were thereby authorized and 4 required to permit Transfers to be made of the Annuities, Funds 4 or Stocks, so to be purchased, and such Transfers to be accepted 4 by the Commiflioners appointed by the said Adi, for and in the 4 Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England; and the said 4 Commiflioners were thereby required to accept the fame accord-4 ingly ; and that all the Annuities so to be purchased and accepted,

4 {hould remaiu invested in the Name of the Lord High Trea-4 surer, or the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord 4 High Treasurer for the time being, and should not be transferred 4 or transferable without the Authority of Parliament; but that 4 all the Intcrefl of the said Annuities or Yearly Dividends should 4 from time to time be paid by the said Governor and Company into 4 the Hands of such Perfon or Perfons as should be appointed to 4 receive the fame, by Warrant or Power of Attorney under the 4 Hand and Seal of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Com*

4 miflioners of the Treasury for the time being, and should by force 4 and virtue of the said Adi be deemed and taken in Law to be 4 Part of the said Land Revenues of The Crown, and should be 4 from time to time answered, accounted for, applied and appro-4 printed to such and the fame Ufes and Purpofes as the Land Reve-4 aucs of The Crown then were or would thereafter have been liable 4 to have been applied and appropriated in case the said Adi had not 4 been made; and the Powers of the said Adi were to continue in §

4 force from the passing thereof, for the Term of Three Years, and 4 from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament:

4 And Whereas by another Adi passed in the Thirtieth Year of the 30 G. 3. c.50. 4 Reign of His present Maiefly, intituled yin Aft to continue and

4 amend an Aft, made in the Twenty Jixth Tear of the Reign of 4 His present Majessy, intituled An Aft for appointing Commijfioners ta 4 enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forejls and Land 4 Revenues belonging to The Crowm and to fell or alienate Fee Farm §3,

4 and other unimprovable Rents, the Powers of the said lafl recited 4 Ad (except where the fame were altered by the said Adi now 4 in recital) were extended, from the End of the then Seflion of .

4 Parliament, for the further Term of Twelve Calendar Months, and 4 from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament:

4 And Whereas by another Adi, passed in the Thirty fourth Year 34 G.3. c.75, 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for ths>

4 letter Management of the Land Revenue of The Crown ; and for 4 the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents, the Surveyor $ to.

4 General of the Land Revenues of The Crown for the time being 4 was empowered to contradi and agree with any Perfon or Perfons,

4 or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any 4 Fee Farm Rents, Rents Services, Rents Seek, Chauntry Rents,

4 Cadle Guard Rents, Vifcontiel Rents, and other dry, fixed and 4 unimprovable Rents (except Quit Rents and Copyhold Rents ‘ standing in Charge as Parcel of or belonging to any Manor or 1 reputed Mauor, due and payable to His Majefty* his Heirs (or Succcffors, in England <?r in Wales, within the Survey and

R 2	Receipt





244

in.

11*-

480.3. c.73. 4 «.

C. 70.	54*	GEO.	HI.	A.D.1&14.

•	Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer) at or for the bed Prices or

•	Confiderations, iu Money, Which the said Surveyor General should 4 be able to procure for the fame, and which should be approved 4 of by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Trea-4 fury for the time being, not being less than the several Rates 4 of Purchafe enacted and provided by the said recited Aft of the 4 Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and 4 the Governor and Direftors of the Bank of England were there-4 by required to open an Account in their Books, under the Title 4 of 44 An Account of the Sale of Fee Farm Rents,” and carry 4 to the Credit of such Account the several Monies by the said Aa 4 directed to be paid to the Cafhiers of the Bank, for or on account 4 of the Purchafe of any such Rents as aforesaid: And it was by 4 the said Aft enacted, that all Sums of Money which should be paid 4 into the Bank of England by virtue of the said Aft, on account 4 of the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, should from time to time be laid 4 out, by the Order of the Surveyor General, in the Purchafe of 4 Three per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name of 4 the Lord High Treasurer of England, in which Name the Go-4 vemor and Company of the Bank of England were thereby au-4 thorized and required to permit Transfers to be made of the An-4 nuities, Funds or Stocks to to be purchased, and such Transfers 1 to be accepted by the said Surveyor General for and in the Name

•	of the Lord High Treasurer of England; and the said Surveyor

•	General was thereby required to accept the fame accordingly;

4 and that all the Annuities so to be purchased and accepted should 4 remain in veiled in the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commif. 4 doners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the

•	time being, and should not be transferred or transferrable with-4 out the Authority of Parliament; but that all the Interell of the 4 said Annuities or Yearly Dividends should be from time to time 4 paid by the said Governor and Company into the Hands of such 4 Perfon or Perfons as should be appointed to receive the fame, by 4 Warrant or Power of Attorney under the Hand and Seal of the 4 Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners of the Treasury 4 for the time being, and should by force and virtue of the said 4 Aft be deemed and taken in Law to be Part of the said Land Re-4 venues of The Crown, and should be from time to time answered, 4 accounted for, applied and appropriated to such and the fame Ufes 4 and Punposes, as the Land Revenues of The Crown then were or 4 would thereafter have been liable to have been applied and appro-4 priated, in case the said Aft had not been made: And Whereas by 4 another Aft passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His 4 present Majesty, intituled An A8 to improve the Land Revenue of 4 The Crown in England, and also of Hit Majefty't Duchy of Lan-4 caller, the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues oi The Crown 4 for the time being was empowered to contraft or agree with any 4 Perfon or Perfons, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale 4 from time to time (beyond what was necefiary to raise a Fund for 4 Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Eftates of The 4 Crown), of such Manors or Lordlhips belonging to The Crown 4 as confided of Manorial Rights and Quit Rents, without any Lands 4 or with very small Quantities of Land, and where the greater Part 4 of the Lands over which the Manorial Rights extended, was the

7t	‘	IWaty



*4$

A.D. i814.	54°	GEO.	III.	C.	70.

4 Property of Individuals; and of Manors or Lands of which His ‘ Majesty was not the foie Proprietor, but was entitled to an undi-4 Tided Share jointly with Individuals; and of Lands dispersed in 1 small Quantities, and intermixed with the Property of Individuals,

4 and Ipng remote from other Property belonging to The Crown;

4 and of Grounds or Buildings appertaining to or anciently held with 4 any Castle or Strong Building then or lately used for a Common 4 Gaol; or with any Building used for holding the Aflizes or Seffions 4 in any County or Diftrid; or for a Court House or Gaoler's 4 House ; or in which the Magistrates of any County or Diftrid 4 might claim to have Rights, from Length of Ufe or Enjoyment,

4 for the public Purpofes of such County or Diftrid ; and of Tithes 4 belonging to The Crown issuing out ol Lands which were the Pro-4 pertjr of Individuals; and of Mills, Fiftieries and Ferries, and 4 Mooring Chains, aud Waftes belonging to The Crown, the Pof-4 lion of which had been usurped or encroached upon; for the best 4 Prices or Confiderations, in Money, which the said Surveyor Ge-4 neral Ihould be able to procure tor the fame; and the Purchafe 4 Money to be paid for the fame should from time to time be paid into 4 the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commiflioners of His 4 Majefty’s Treasury, in like manner as the Monies arising from Sales 4 of Land Revenue authorized by an Ad passed in the Thirty eighth 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled jin A3 for [38 G. 3. c. 60.

4 making perpetual, fuhjcQ to Redemption and Purchafe in the manner 4 therein fiated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great 4 Britain as a Land Tax, for One fear, from the Twenty fifth Day of 4 March One tboufandfeven hundred and ninety eight; and by another 4 Ad passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present 4*0* 3* c. xi6-] 4 Majesty, intituled An A3 for consolidating the Provifion of the feve-4 ral Ads passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into 4 One Ad, and for making further Provifion for the Redemption and 4 Sale thereof; andfor removing Doubts refpedingthe Right of Perfons 4 claiming to vote at EleSions for Knights of the Shire, and other Mem-4 hers to serve in Parliament, in ref pc 3 of Mejfuages, Lands or Te~

4 nements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or pur-4 chafed, were directed to be paid; and such Purchafe Money was 5 is.

4 directed to be laid out in the Purchafe of Three per Centum Confo-4 lidated or of Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, in the 9 Names of the Commiflioners of His Majefty's Treasury ; and the 4 find Surveyor General was, by the said Ad now in recital, cm- §13 4 powered to contract and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, or 4 Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, being Tenant or Tenants of 4 any Copyhold or Cuftomary Tenements, Parcel of or holden of any 4 Manor belonging to The Crown, within the Survey or Receipt of 4 the Exchequer m England, for the Enfranchifement of any such 4 Copyhold Tenements, or with any Perfon or Perfons (though not 4 such Tenants of any such Copyhold Tenements) for the Sale of the 4 Manorial Rights belonging to The Crown therein, at or for the best 4 Prices or Coniiderations in Money which the said Surveyor General 4 Ihould be able to procure for the fame, and which should be ap-1 proved of by the Lord High Treasurer or Commiflioners of the • Treasury for the time being : And it was further enacted, that the $ ij*

4 Purchafe Money or Confideration to be paid for every such En-4 franchtfement or Purchafe of Manorial Rights, should from time to

R 3	*	time





24<S

C. 70.

540 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

[14 0.3. c. 7 516.]

$ ig.

419-

3S G. 3. c.103.

41 G. 3. c.33.

14 0*3* e.61.

45	G 3. c. 115.

46	G. 3. c. 89.

45 G.3. c.xcvii. 45 O.3. c.ix6.

time be paid into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Lord High Treasurer of England, for the Enfranchifement of Copyholds of Crown Manors, and should be laid out in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidatcd Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer, by Order of the said Surveyor General (who was for that Purpofe thereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank for the fame) in like manner as was directed by the said recited Aft parted in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majerty, intituled An Act Jor the better Management of the Land Revenue of The Crown; and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents ; and the said Surveyor General was by the fajd Aft now in recital empowered to make Exchanges of certain Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty; And it was by the said Aft provided, that where any Money should be paid to His Majesty, for equalizing any fnch Exchange, the fame, if it should amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, should be vested in the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer; and the Dividends thereof should be applicable as Land Revenue: And Whereas an Aft was parted in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands or Grounds fiiuate at or near Painshill, in the fevered Par Ales of Cobham, Walton and Wiftey, in the County of Surry, to Charles Chamberlaine Esquire, George Bond Esquire, one of His Majefly's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes Baronet , of the Kingdom of Ireland, upon the Trujls declared by the Will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins Esquire, deccafedy of and concerning his Eflate at Painfhill aforesaid : And Whereas another Aft was passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad to enable His Majesty to grant certain Parcels of Land, situate between Great Prince Rock and the Village of Crab Tree, called Tothill Bay and Lipfon Bay, near to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, to certain Perfons therein named, for the Purpofe of embanking and prefrrving the fame from the Sea : And Whereas another Aft was passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled An Ad to amend Two Ads made in the Eighteenth and Thirty ninth Tears of His present Majeflyy for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Seffions of the Peaccy in the City of Westminster, and for pur chafing certain Buildings and Grounds between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street and King Street, in the said City, for the Ufe of the Public : And Whereas another Aft was parted in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for purchaftng certain Buildings and Grounds in and near Palace Yard Weftmin-ftcr, for the Ufe of the Public: And Whereas another Aft was parted in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled An Ad for consolidating and rendering more ejfedual the several Ads for the Purchafe of BuildingSy and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall, and the Two Houfes of Parliament: And Whereas another Aft was pafTed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parijh of Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warwick; And Whereas another Aft was passed in the said Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent

‘ Majesty,

♦ VjOOQ 1C

AJ). 1814.

54- GEO. in.

247

4 Majesty, intituled An Aft for enabling His Majesty to grant a 4 certain Creek called ChelfonBay otherwise Shilfton Bay, in or near 4 the Parijb of Plymton Saint Mary, in the County 0/Devon, and for 4 veiling the fame 1 for a valuable Confideration* in the Right Honour -4 die John Lord Borringdon and his Heirs : And Whereas another 47 G. 3. SelT. a* 4 Aft was passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His pre- c.cxxx.

4 sent Majesty, intituled An Aft for draining, embanking and improve 4 ing Lands in the Parijh of Ottringham in Holdernefs, in the East 4 Ruling of the County of York: And Whereas another Aft was 47 G 3. Soft. 2. 4 passed in the said Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present c. 77.

4 Majesty, intituled An Aft for confrming certain Articles of Agree-4 nunt for an Exchange of Lands between His Majesty and David 4 Jebb Esquire, in the Parijh o/*Egham, in the County of Surry: And 51 G. 3. c. 68.

4 Whereas another Aft was parted in the Fifty first Year of the Reign PR.

* of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for enabling the Coheircjjes 4 of Edward Sulyarde Esquire, deceafedy and their Hujbands, to pay 4 the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, for the Benefit of His Majesty,

4 in Satisfaftion of the Claim of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succef-4 for*, to the Manor and EJlate of Haugley, in the County of Suffolk :

4 And Whereas there is now standing in the Name of the Lord High Sum ftandin? in 4 Treasurer of England, in the Books of the Governor and Com,. NnmeofLord 4 pany of the Bank of England, in Three Pounds per Centum Con- Tre‘^urer 4 folidated Bank Annuities, the Sum of One hundred and fifty OHe , *1,67 21! 51.4 rt.

4 thousand fix hundred and seventy two Pounds Five Shillings and Three per Cents. 4 Four pence, and which has arisen partly from Monies received and 4 railed under the Provifions of the said recited Aft of the Twenty 4 sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also of the said 4 Thirteen several last recited Afts of the Thirtieth, Thirty fourth,

4 Forty eighth. Thirty fifth, Forty second, Forty fourth, Forty fifth,

4 Forty sixth. Forty fifth, Forty fifth, Forty seventh, Forty seventh 4 and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and 4 partly from the Sale of old Materials of certain Premifes at Chelsea,

4 and of old Materials of certain Premifes at Richmond: And Whereas 4^ g. 3. c.a 5.

4 by another Aft pafTed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His 4 present Majesty, intituled An Aft to enable His Majesty to grant the 4 Inheritance in Fee Simple of certain Manors, Meffuages, Lands and 4 Hereditaments in the Parijhes of By fleet, Weybridge, Walton,

4 Walton Leigh and Chert fey, in the County of Surry, to His Royal 4 Highnefs Frederick Duke of York and Albany, for a valuable 4 Confderation, it was enacted, That the Purchafe Monies of the 5 a.

4 Eftates thereby made saleable, should be paid into the Bank of 4 England in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England,

4 and should by the Surveyor General as aforesaid be inverted in 4 Three per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name of 4 the said Lord High Treasurer of England, in the fame manner*

4 and applicable to the fame Ufeg, as tne Monies arising from the * Sale of the Fee Farm Rents, under the said recited Aft of the 4 Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4 An AS for better Management of the Land Revenue of The Crown;

4 and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents : And 52 G. 3. c. cxcv. *	an	pafled	in the Fifty second Year of the Reiga

4 of Hi* preterit Majesty, intituled An Aft for making and maintain-* *5? * Navigable Canal from The Grand Junftion Canal, in the 4 Tanjb of Paddington, to the River Thames, in the Parijh of Lime-

R4

4 house,





248

C. 70.

54" GEO. III.

AJD.1814.

[48 G.3. c. 73.] t Sic.

Monies (landing in Names of Commissioners of Tieafury. 36,390). 13s. jd. Three per Cent*.

»9*-4<h Thiee per Cent*.

Transfers to Commiflloners, for Reduction of National Debt.

38 G. 3. c. 60.

4% G.3. c. xi6.

4 house, with a Collateral Cut in the Pari/h of Saint Leonard

* Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, the Surveyor General,

4 or Commissioners for executing the Office of Surveyor General of 4 His Majefty’s Land Revenue, were empowered to contract and

*	agree with the Company of Proprietors thereby incorporated,

€ for the Sale of a certain Quantity of Land, for the Purpofes of

*	the said Aft; and the Purchafe Money arising from such Sale

*	was directed to be paid into the Bank of England, to the Account 4 of the Commissioners of His Majefty* s Treasury, in like manner as

the Monies arising from the Sale of certain Parts of the Property of The Crown, authorized by the said recited Aft of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Al{? to improve the Land Revenue of The Crown of f England, and also of His Mayfly's Duchy of Lancaster, are directed to be paid : And Whereas there are now standing, amongst other Sums, in the Names of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

1 several Sums, making together the Sum of Thirty fix thousand three 1 hundred and ninety Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five pence ! Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, which 1 have arisen from Monies received and raised under the Provifions ! of the said recited Afts of the Forty eighth and Fifty second 1 Years of the Reign of His present Majesty ; and there is also now 1 {landing, in the Names of such Commissioners, in the Books of 1 the Governor and Company aforesaid, the Sum of Fifty live thou-1 sand three hundred and forty seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and

*	Four pence Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, which 1 have arisen partly from Monies received and raised under the Pro-

*	vifions of the said recited Aft of the Forty eighth Year of the

*	Reign of His present Majesty, and partly from Monies received 4 by the Sale of the Materials of certain old Buildings in the Cafle 4 Garth at Newcastle upon Tyne : And Whereas the Sum of Five

*	thoufand and eighty five Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven pence 4 Reduced Bank Annuities, which had been purchased with Monies-

*	accrued and raised under the Provifions of the said last mentioned

*	Aft, hath been transferred to the Commissioners for Reduftion of

*	the National Debt, in Part of the Confideration for the Redemption 4 of the Land Tax which was charged upon certain Eftates belong-4 ing to The Crown: And Whereas under and by virtue of the 4 Provifions of the said recited Aft of the Thirty eighth Year of

*	the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 for making 4 perpetual, fubje8 to Redemption and Purchafe in the manner therein 4 fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain 4 as a Land Taxt for One Tearf from the Twenty fifth Day of March 4 One thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty and of the said recited

*	Aft of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His prefent

*	Majefty, intituled An A8 for consolidating the Provifions of the fe» 4 veral Ads passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into 4 One A8y and for making further Provifion for the Redemption and 4 Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts refpeBing the Right of Per• 4 fons claiming to vote at E led ions for Knights of the Shire9 and other 4 Members to serve in Parliamenty in refbcS of Meffuagcsy Lands or 4 Tenements, the Land Tax upon which /hall have been redeemed or 4 purchafedy certain Lands have been fold in order to raise Money

4 for





249

A.D«i8i4*	54°	GEO.	Ill*	C.70.

1 for the Redemption of the Land Tax on The Crown Eftates ; and

*	a confiderable Sum of Money arising therefrom, Part of which now 4 remain unappropriated, has been invested in Three per Centum 4 Confolidated Bank Annuities, which are now Handing in the 4 Names of the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, in 4 the Books of the Governor and Company aforesaid, and a compc-

*	teat Part of such Bank Annuities ouglit to be applied in replacing 4 or (atisfying the said Five thousand and eighty five Pounds Eleven 4 Shillings and Eleven pence Reduced Bank Annuities, so as afore-1 (aid transferred to the Commiflioners for the Redu&ion of the 4 National Debt: And Whereas by an A A palled in the Fifty third 53 G.3. c. m.

4 Year of the Reign of Hi9 present Majessy, intituled An Aft for

4 making a more convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park 4 and the Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in the Parijh of Saint 4 Mary le bone to Charing Cross, within the Liberty of Weft-4 mi oiler ; and for making a more convenient Sewage for the fame, the	§ i.

4 Commifiioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts 4 and Land Revenues, were appointed Commiflioners for carrying 4 the Purpofes of the said A& into Execution : And Whereas,- in Expediency of 4 order to carry into effect the several Purpofes of the said last applying Receiv-4 recited Ad, as expeditiously and with as little Inconvenience to the ers Balances,

4 Public as possible, and to create a Fund for the Purpofes thereof, ^luniiti'ei ^ 4 io aid of the Monies thereby directed to be raised, it is expedient	0f

4 that all Balances of Rents of Lands, which shall be found due to 53 g 3. c.iai.

4 His Majesty on the periodical making up of the Accounts of the 4 Receivers of His Majefty's Land Revenues, by the Auditors of 4 those Accounts, and all Monies from time to time to be paid 4 on account thereof, prior to such Balances being afeertained (except 4 as hereinafter mentioned) ; and also all Fines of Leafes of Lands 4 belonging to His Majessy, and all Sums of Money arising from the 4 Sale of Fee Farm Rents, or from the Sale of Enfranchifement or 4 Equality of Exchange of any Lands or Hereditaments of or 4 belonging to His Majessy, under or by virtue of the Provifions 4 of the said recited Acls of the Thirty fourth and Forty eighth 4 Years of the Reign of His present Majesty 5 and also the said 4 several Bank Annuities now standing in the Name of the Lord 4 High Treasurer of England, and amounting together to the Sum 4 of One hundred and fifty one thousand fix hundred and seventy 4 two Pounds Five Shillings and Four pence Three Pounds per 4 Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, as aforesaid; and the laid • Sum of Thirty fix thousand three hundred and ninety Pounds 4 Thirteen Shillings and Five pence Three Pounds per Centum Con-4 fobdated Bank Annuities, Part of the like Bank Annuities now 4 standing in the Names of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s 4 Treasury as aforesaid; and the said Fifty five thousand three 4 hundred and forty seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four 4 pence Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities as 4 aforesaid; and also the Purchafe Monies to arise from the Sale of 4 the Eftates to His Royal Highnefs Frederick Duke of York and 1 Albany, as aforesaid ; and also the Dividends and Annual Proceeds ' to accrue from time to time (except as hereinafter mentioned), on 1 the bank Annuities which have arisen from the Sale of Lands and 1 Hereditaments for the Redemption of the Land Tax on The Crown ‘ Estates, and now standing in the Names of the Commiflioners of

4 His

v^ooQle

250	C.	70.	540	GEO.	III.	A.D.1814.

Balances of Rents of Crown Lands paid to Commifliouer#' under

53 O. 3. c. a 1.

Receivers to have fame Allowances on Payment to Commiflioners as if paid into Coufolidated Fund.

Monies arising from Fines of Leafety &c. paid to Coin-milfioneis under S3 G.> C.12U.

4 His Majefty's Treasury as aforesaid ; and also all Monies that may 4 hereafter arise from the Sale of any Wafte Lands in (Vales, under

*	the Provifions of this Adi; should be respectively transferred, paid 4 and made over, unto the said Commiflioners for executing the said 4 recited Adi of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent

*	Majefty, in manner hereinafter mentioned 5 and that out of the Three 4 Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, now (landing 4 in the Names of the Commiflioners of His Majefty's Treasury, and

*	which have been purchased with Monies arisen from the Sale made

*	of Land under the Provifions of the said Adis of the Thirty eighth 4 and Forty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, 4 the Sum of Five thousand and eighty five Pounds Eleven Shillings 4 and Eleven pence Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank 4 Annuities, should be transferred to the Commiflioners for exe-4 cuting the said recited Adi of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of

*	His present Majesty, in lieu and (lead of the like Sum of Reduced

*	Bank Annuities so transferred to the Commiflioners for the Re-4 dudlion of the National Debt as aforesaid 5 and that the said Com-

*	miflioners for executing the lall mentioned Adi should be empowered 4 to raise Monies by Loan upon the Credit of the Land Revenue of

*	The Crown, in manner hereinafter mentionedMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Adi, all Balances of Rents of Lands due, or to accrue and become due to His Majesty, on the periodical making up of the Accounts of the Receivers ot His Majefty's Land Revenues, by the Auditors of those Accounts, and all Sum and Sums of Money which shall from time to time be required to be paid on account thereof prior to the ascertaining of such Balances (except such Sums as shall be required to be paid in pursuance of any Warrant from the Lord High Treasurer or the Commiflioners of His Majefty's Treasury for the time being), shall from time to time be paid and made over, by the several and re-fpedlive Receivers thereof, unto the said Commiflioners for executing the said recited Adi of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to be applied by them for and towards the carrying the several Purpofes thereof into Execution, until the Sums thereby authorized to be raised shall have been raised and thereafter fully paid and satisfied 5 any thing in anv Adi or Adis of Parliament, or in this Adi, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Receiver and Receivers of His Majefty's Land Revenue, on Payment of all such Balances and Sums of Money to the said Commiflioners as aforesaid, shall have and receive such and the fame Salaries or Allowances, as such Receiver or Receivers would have had or been entitled to have had and received, on Payment thereof into the Fund called 41 The Confolidated Fund.”

III.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Ad, all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may arise, for or in respect of any Fine or Fines for the Renewal or*Grant of any Leafe or Leafes of any Manors, Mefluages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of or belonging to His Majesty, his

Heirs



A.D.i8i4-

54° GEO. III.

C. 70.

*S«

Heirs or Succeffors, and also all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may arise or be produced from the Sale of any Fee Farm Rents, or from the Sale, Enfranchisement or Equality of Exchange of any Manors, MefTuages, Lands, Tenements, Rights or Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, under or by virtue of the Provifions of the said recited Aft of the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for the better Management of the Land Revenue of The Crown ; and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents, and of the said recited Aft of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to improve the Land Revenue of The Crown in England, and also of His Majejly*s Duchy of Lan-cafter, Ihall from time to time be paid and made over by the several Leffees and other Perfon or Perfons liable to pay or authorized to receire the fame, unto the said Commiflioners for executing the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be applied by them for and towards the carrying the several Purpofes thereof into Execution, until the said Sums thereby authorized to be raised shall have been raised and thereafter fully paid and satisfied ; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Receipts of the said Commiflioners for executing the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall from time to time be good and fuflicient Releafes and Difcharges to the several Receivers, Leffees, Purchafers, and other the Perkin or Perfons paying such Balances, Fines, and Sum and Sums of Money as aforesaid, for so much Monies as shall from time to time be expressed in such Receipts.

V.	And be it further enacted, That where any thing is required, directed or permitted to be done under this Aft, by the said Com-mifiioners for executing the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the fame may be done by any Two of such Commiflioners for the time being.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer of England, or the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and he or they is and are hereby authorized to transfer the said Sum of One hundred and fifty one thousand fix hundred and seventy two Pounds Five Shillings and Four pence Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, now Handing in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England as hereinbefore mentioned; and also the said Sum of Thirty fix thousand three hundred and ninety Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five pence Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, Part of the like Bank Annuities (landing in the Names of the Commiflioners of His Majefty* s Treasury, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and also the laid Sum of Five thousand and eighty five Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven pence Three Pounds fer Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, further Part of the like Annuities, Handing in their Names as hereinbefore mentioned; and also the said Sum of Fifty five thousand three hundred and forty

feven

34 G. 3. c. 75. 48 G. 3. c.;>

Receipts of Commiflioners to discharge Receivers, Leflees, \ c.

Aft of any Two

Commifiioneis

valid.

Commiflioners of Treasury empowered to transfer

151,672!. 55.

Three per Ceut. Con l'ols.

36,5901.15s. 5«l. Three per Cent. Conlbls,

5,0851. its. 1 id. Three per Cent.

■-----1

Coufols,

55*347h 19s. 4^-Three per Cent. Reduced,

252

to Commif-fioners under 53 G.3. c.iai.

Monies to »rife from Sale of Eflates to Duke of York under 44 G. 3- c. IS-and Dividends of Annuities ari-fing from Monies under Land Tax Afts, paid to Commif-fioners, except Sums required by Trealury.

38 G. 3. c. 60.

4% G.3. c.116.

C. 70.	54*	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1814.

seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four pence Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities now also (landing in the Names of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury as hereinbefore mentioned, or any Part or Parts of the said respective Sums, into the Names of the said Commiflioners for the executing the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, into which Names the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit such Transfers to be made of the said Annuities respectively 5 and the said Commiflioners for executing the said recited Aft are hereby required to accept such Transfers accordingly; and all and Angular the said Annuities so to be transferred and accepted, and the Proceeds thereof, shall from time to time be applied by the said Commiflioners for executing the said recited A A of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for and towards carrying the several Purpofes thereof into Execution 5 any thing in any A61 or Aden of Parliament, or in this A£l, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, aB the Purchafe Monies for the Grant of the said Eftates to His Royal Highnefs Frederick Duke of Tork and Albany, under and by virtue of toe Provifions of the said recited A61, pa fled in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS to enable Hit Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of certain Manors, Meffuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parijhes of Byfleet, Weybridge, Walton, Wallon Leigh and Chertfey, in the County of Surry, to His Royal Highnefs Frederick Duke of York and Albany, for a valuable Confideration ; shall be paid over by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England unto the said Com-mifiioners for executing the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that all and Angular the Dividends and Annual Proceeds from time to time ariflng out of and from all and Angular the Bank Annuities now (landing in the Names of the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as hereinbefore mentioned, or which shall hereafter (land in the Names of such Commiflioners, and which have arisen or which shall hereafter arise under and by virtue of the Proviftons of the said recited Aft pafl*ed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for making perpetual, fubjeS to Redemption and Purchafe tn the manner therein Jtated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and of the said recited Aft of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for Con~ folidating the Provifions of the several ASs puffed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into One ASy and for making further Provifions for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts refptSing the Right of Perfons claiming to vote at EleSions for Knights of the Shire, and other Members to serve in Parliament, in refpeS of Mejfuages, Lands or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which Jhail have been redeemed or pur chafed, (except such Sums

as

1

*



2*3

AJ). 1814*	54* GEO. III.	C. 701

as shall be paid thereout in purfuanceof any Warrant from the Lord High Treafuier, or the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being) shall be paid and made over by the Perfon or Perfons receiving the fame, unto the said Commidioners for executing the said recited Ad of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be applied by them for and towards the carrying the several Purpofes thereof into Execution, until the said Sums thereby authorized to be raised shall have been raised, and thereafter fully paid and satisfied ; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament, or this Ad, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pading of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful for the Commidioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, for the time being, with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commidioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, to contract and agree for the Sale of, and absolutely to make sale and dispose, from time to time, of any Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Wafte Lands, iituate, lying and being in any Place or Places within the Principality of Wales, and which shall have been allotted, or may hereafter be allotted to His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament for inclosing Lands pafTed subsequently to the pading of the said recited Ad of the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB for the better Management of the Land Revenue of The Crown; and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents ; and which Ad or Ads of Inclofure does or do not contain any special Authority or ProvHion for the Sale of such Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Wafte Lands, for the best Prices or Condderations in Money which the (aid Commidioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General, shall be able to procure for’ the fame.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may arise or be produced from the Sale or Sales of such Wafte Lands as aforesaid, shall from time to time be carried over to the Account of the said Commidioners for executing the said recited Ad of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, M The New Street Account,” and shall be by them applied for and towards carrying the several Purpofes of the said last mentioned Ad into Execution, until the Sums thereby authorized to be raised shall have been raised, and thereafter fully paid and satisfied; and from and immediately after the fame shall have been so raised, pud and satisfied, all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may thereafter arise or be produced from the Sale or Sales of such Wafte Lands, shall be paid into the Bank, and placed to the Account hereinafter directed to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Names of the said Commidioners, to be intituled “The Navy •* Timber Nurfery Fund,” and shall be applied in such and the like manner, and for such and the like Purpofes as the other Monies hereinafter directed to be paid into the fame Account are hereinafter directed to be applied.

« X. And

Sale of Lands la

Wales.

34 G. 3. c. 7*.

Application of Monies anting from Sale of Lands in Wale*.

v^ooQle

A.D. 1814*

254	C. 70.	540	GEO.	III.

* X. And Whereas His Majesty in Right of His Crown is Owner

•	of the Soil of the several Trafts, Pieces or Parcels of Wafte Land, 4 mentioned and described in the Schedule (D.) to this Aft, being 4 Part of His Majefly’s Foreft of Dean, in the County of GlouceJlery 4 and of all Mines, Minerals and other Subftances within and under 4 the fame, subject to the Rights and Privileges which the Inhabitants 4 of the Parifh of Saint Bridals have or claim for the taking, 4 cutting and enjoying the Wood growing on certain Parts thereof, 4 and subject to certain Rights of Common which the Inhabitants 4 of the neighbouring Pariihes have or claim to have in or over the 4 fame, or some Part or Parts thereof: And Whereas the fame 4 Trafts, Pieces or Parcels of Watte Land lie intermixed with the 4 Property of Individuals, and at a confiderable Diftance from the 4 remaining Parts of the said Foreft, and are detached therefrom, 4 and although His Majefty’s Rights and Interefts therein are in their 4 present State of little Value to The Crown, yet it is apprehended 4 the fame may be fold to Advantage, and it is therefore expedient 4 that Power should be given to the said Commiflioners of Hi* 4 Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor 4 General of His Majefty’s Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, 4 to fell and dispose of His Majefty’s Rights and Interests, in and 4 over the said Trafts, Pieces or Parcels of LandBe it therefore

Certain Parols further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Com-PaK of FoiTil* mifiioner8 of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, of Dean, ibid. or the Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, for the time being, with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commiflioners of His Majefty** Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, to contraft and agree for the Sale of and absolutely make sale and dispose of all the Estate, Right, Title and Intereft of His Majesty, of and in the several Trafts, Pieces or Parcels of Wafte Land, mentioned and described in the said Schedule (D.) to this Aft, being Part of His Majefty’s said Foreft of Dean9 for the best Prices or Confiderations in Money, which the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General, shall be able to procure for the fame; and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may arise or be produced from such last mentioned Sale or Sales, shall from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, and placed to the Account directed by this Aft to be raised in the Books of the Governor and "Company of the Bank of England, in the Names of the said Commiflioners, being 44 The Navy Timber Nurfery Fund” Account, and shall be applied and disposed of in such and the like manner, and for such and the like Purpofes as the other Monies hereinafter directed or authorized to be paid in, carried over or placed to the fame Account, are hereby authorized or directed to be paid, applied or disposed of.

4% o. 3. c. 37.	* XI. And Whereas under the Provifions of the said recited Aft

in-	4 of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4 intituled An A3 to improve the Land Revenue of The Crown 4 in England, and also of Hit Majcjly’s Duchy of Lancatter, the 4 Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of The Crown for the 4 time being, was empowered to fell Lands belonging to The Crown 4 dispersed in small Quantities, and intermixed with the Property

*	of Individuals, and lying remote from other Property belonging

4 to





A.D. 1814.	540	GEO.	III.	C. 70.

*	to The Crown: And Whereas Doubts have arisen, what are to

*	be considered small Quantities of Land within the Scope and ‘ Meaning of the said A6f Be it therefore enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said CommiHioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, and he or they is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered, by any Warrant or Writing under their Hands, to ascertain, determine and declare, what Lands are comprized within the said ^recited A&, and are thereby made falcable under the Denomination of Lands dispersed in small Quantities, and intermixed with the Property of Individuals, and lying remote from other Property belonging to The Crown.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Sums for the Purpofes of the said recited Adi of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall have been raised, and thereafter fully paid and fatistied as aforesaid, the Monies from time to time arifiug or which shall or may arise from the Sale of any Manors or Lordffiips belonging to The Crown, which consist of Manorial Rights and Quit Rents without any Lands or with very small Quantities of Land belonging to them, and of Manors or Lands of which His Majesty is not the foie Proprietor, but is entitled to an undivided Share jointly with Individuals, and of Lands dispersed in small Quantities and intermixed with the Property of Individuals, and lying remote from other Property belonging to The Crown, and of any other Hereditaments authorized by the Eleventh Se&ion of the said recited A& of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, to be fold, shall be paid into the Bank, and placed to the said Account hereinafter directed to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, to be intituled u The Account of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues,” being M The Navy Timber Nurfery Fund” Account; and all such Monies shall he applied and disposed of in such and the like manner, and for such and the like Purpofes as the other Monies hereinafter directed to be paid into the fame Account are hereinafter directed to be paid, applied and disposed of.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Commissioners, or the said Surveyor General, shall have contracted with any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any of the said Wafte Lands in IVales, or in the said Foreft of Dean> hereby authorized to be fold, or for any such Manors, Lordships, Manorial Rights, Quit Rents or other Hereditaments as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or the said Surveyor General, shall grant to the Purchafer or respective Purchafers thereof a Certificate under their Hands or his Hand, describing the Premifes so agreed to be fold, and the Amount of the Purchafe Money to be paid for the fame, and which shall accordingly be paid into the Bank of England, within Thirty oue Days after the Date of such Certificate ; and the Caftiiers of the Bank, or one of them, shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchafe Monies therein mentioned, and carry the fame to the Account therein specified, and at the Foot or on the. Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the fame, without Fee or Reward; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall be according to the Form contained in Schedule (B.) to* this ACt, or as near thereto as the

t9	circumftances

25S

Treasury empowered to determine what are fniall Quantities of Land.

After Money raised, Monies to arise from Sale of Manorial Rights, Quit Rents, Sic. laid out in Lands for Growth of Timber.

Purchafers to have Certificate* &c. for Purchafe Money, which Certificates shall he inrolled in Oilice of Auditor of I*and Revenue, Ac.

L,ooQle

2$6

C. 70.

54° GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

Stamp Duty.

circumftances of the case will admit, and shall be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatever 5 and every such Certificate and Receipt shall, within One Calendar Month after the Date of such Certificate^ be taken to the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the Diftrift within which the said Lands or Hereditaments therein described are situate, and be there forthwith enrolled in the proper Books for that Purpose; and such Auditor having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall attest the fame under his Hand, and shall, upon receiving the usual Fees for such Enrolment, return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchafer or Purchafers ; and from and after such Enrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchafers, their Heirs or Succeflors, shall by force and virtue of this Aft be and shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seizin and Pofleffion of the Wafte Lands, Manor*, Lordships, Manorial Rights, Quit Rents, Lands or other Hereditaments so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, or of any Perfon or Perfons claiming under him or them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as His Majesty, his Heir* or Succeflors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame, if such Sale had not taken place ; and every such Certificate shall be respectively witnessed and attested as to the signing thereof by the said Commissioners, or the said Surveyor General, by one of the Principal Clerks, or other Officers, in their or his Office ; and every such Certificate and Receipt, being enrolled as aforesaid, shall effectually discharge the respective Purchafers to whom the fame shall be given or granted, of and from the Purchafe or Confideration Money therein expressed; and such Purchafers shall never afterwards be liable to be called upon, sued, troubled, molested or questioned, for or in respect thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid shall be granted, shall neglect to pay into the Bank the Confideration Money therein to be specified, for the Space of Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate, or shall neglect to inrol such Certificate, and the said Caftiier’s Receipt for the said Money, for the like Space of time, then every such Certificate shall be null and void; and the Confideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the said Commissioners or the said Surveyor General shall, for any reasonable Caufe to him or them (hewn for the Omiffion of such Inrolment, order the said Certificate and Receipt to be inrolled nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such Caufe being (hewn, the said Com-miflioners or the said Surveyor General are and is hereby authorized to order accordingly.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall and to apply Monies may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for executing the anil.1? from said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent

Majesty, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, from time to time to make sale and dispose of and transfer all and singular the said Bank Annuities, so directed to be respectively transferred into their Names as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, and to apply the Monies thence arising (after first paying the fame into the Bank of England, as next hereinafter mentioned;

for

Purchale Money not paid into the Bank within time limited.

Penalty.

* Commiffioneri

Sale of Bank Annuities to Purpofes of 53G.3 C.I2I

L^OOQle

A.D.i8i 4.

*57

540 GEO. III.	C. 70.

for and towards carrying the several Purpofes of the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of His Majcfty’s Reign into Execution, until the said Sums thereby authorized to be raised shall have been raised, and thereafter fully paid and satisfied; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit the said Commiflioners to make such Sales and Transfers of the said Bank Annuities from time to time accordingly.

XVI.	Provided always, and.be it further enabled, That all Sums of Money, Bills and Drafts which shall be received by the said Commiitioners for executing the said recited A6t of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall from time to time, within Two Days after the fame shall have been received, or within Two Days after any Bill shall have been accepted, completed and perfected, if the fame shall not be accepted, completed and perfected at the time it shall be received by the said Commillioners, be paid by them into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for which the Receipt or Acknowledgment in Writing of the Calhier or Calhiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a futhcient Difcharge ; and all such Monies, Bills and Drafts, so to be paid to the said Governor and Company, shall from time to time be placed to the Account raised or to be raised pursuant to the (aid last mentioned Aft, in the Books of the said Governor and Company, intituled 4< The Account of the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s “ Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues,” being “ The New Street Account,” and shall be applied and disposed of by them the laid Conumilioners for executing the said recited AS of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for and towards the carrying the several Purpofes thereof into Execution.

XVII.	Provided nevertheless, and be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commiflioners for executing the fjud recited AA of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majefty* to reserve out of the Monies to be received by them by virtue of this AS, for casual and ordinary Payments, for the Purpofes of the said AS of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the Hands of any private Banker, to be nominated by any Writing under the Hand of the said Lord High Trcasurer, or under the Hands of the said Commillioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, a Sum not exceeding Three Tboufand Pounds, to be drawn by the said Commifiioners for executing the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and if at any time the Sum so reserved shall be reduced below Three thousand Pounds, then it shall be lawful for the said Commillioners for executing the said recited AS of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, from time to time to make up the fame to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds by Draft under their Hands upon the Funds to be deposited in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as aforesaid.

XVIIL And be it further enacted, That the said Commiflioners for executing the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of the ieign of His present Majesty, shall make all Payments required to be made out of the Monies to be deposited in the Bank of England, by Drafts under their Hands on the said Bank; and shall (pedfy on each such Draft, the particular Service, Salary or other 5+GsO* HI*	S	Charge,

Monies pnid into Bank.

Commiflioners may retain a Sum for current Expences in Hands of private Banker.

Payments mad# by Drafts oq Bank.



2J8

C 70.

54* GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

*

Drafts Authority to Bank.

Commiflioners to render an Account to Treasury.

Monies received for Rents, fee. anydied for Pur-pol'es of

53 ^*3* c.iai.

Charge, Purpofe or Caufe for which such Draft shall be given : and every such Draft shall also have marked in the Margin thereof, a Figure corresponding to the Page in a Book to be kept by the said Commiflioners, wherein Entry shall be made of the particular Service, Salary or other Charge, Purpofe or Cause, for which such Draft shall be given.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That all Drafts drawn pursuant to the Dire&ions of this A&, but pot otherwise, shall be fufRcient Authority to the Bank of England to pay the Amount thereof to the Perfons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearer of them ; and that the said Commiflioners for executing the said recited A& of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, obferv-ing the Rules and Regulations hereby preferibed, shall not be anfvverable, either collectively or individually, for any Money which they the said Commiflioners, or any or either of them, shall have so paid into the Bank of England; and that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them from such Commiflioners.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Commif-fioners for executing the said recited A6t of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall from time to time render and give an Account to the said Lord High Treasurer, or to the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, of the Amount of all Monies which shall be raised or received by them by virtue of this A6t, and of the Application of all such Monies 5 and the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three of them, shall be and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to examine or cause to be examined every such Account, and in case they shall approve thereof, to signify such their Approbation at the Foot of such Account, signed by the said Lord High Treasurer, or by the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and to transmit and return the fame so approved to the said Commiflioners for executing the said recited A 61 of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty 5 and every Account so approved and signed as aforesaid, shall be a full and fuflicient Difcharge to the said Com-miflioners for executing the said A61, from or on account of all such Sums of Money as shall be mentioned in such Account, and for the Expenditure and Application thereof; and the said Commiflioners for executing the said recited Ad shall not be compelled or compellable to give or render any further or other Account of any such Money, or of the Expenditure or Application thereof; any Law, XJfagc or Cuftom to the contrary notwith (landing.

XXI. And be it fnrther enacted, That all and every the Rents, Fines, Bank Annuities, Dividends and other the Monies by this respectively directed to be paid, transferred and made over to or raised by the said Commiflioners for executing the said recited of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, fhali

I w 22;® 5 si 1

LIT,'

rJ2

aiat!

zm

inz

iacs,

*Pi

rs:

IK I

12

12

f t vr

from time to time be applied by them for and towards carrying the ‘	~	“	a	Fund	in	Aid	<3*	the

several Purpofes thereof into Execution, and as a Two several Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thou land Pounds, thereby authorized to be raised on Mortgage^ until such time as the said Two Sums shall be raised and thereafter fully paid and satisfied.

XJfIL PrO-



A.D, iti4*

sv geo. in.

C70.

*59

XXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it farther enacted. That not withftan ding any thing hereinbefore or in the said recited Adt of the Fifty third Year of Hi8 Majesty contained, if the said Lord High Treafurert or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, shall deem k expedient that any Part or Parts of the Monies to arise from the Sale of the Bank Annuities hereinbefore directed to be transferred or made over to the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Ad of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, for the Purpofes of the fame Ad, or any Part of the Rents, Balances, Fines, Dividends and Land Revenue of The Crown, hereby directed to be paid and made over to the said last mentioned Commissioners from time to time, shall, in dead of being applied to the Purpofes of the said recited Ad of the Fifty third Year as aforesaid, be laid out in the Purchafe of Lands or Hereditaments, to be used or employed for the public Purpofe hereinafter mentioned; then it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, from time to time to direct that such Part or Parts of the said Monies as it shall be thought expedient so to lay out in the Purchafe of such Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall be carried over or transferred from the Account directed by the said last mentioned Ad to be railed in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Emrlaud, to an Account to be raised immediately after the pairing of this Ad, in the Books of the said Governor and Company, to be intituled 44 The Account of the Commissioners of 44 His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues,” being 44 The 44 Navy Timber Nurfery Fund 5” and the fame shall be thereupon forthwith carried over to such Account accordingly ; and the fame, when so carried over, and all and every other the Sum and Sujns hereby directed or authorized to be paid m or placed, or which shall hereafter by any Ad or Ads of Parliament or otherwise be directed or authorized to be paid in or placed to the said last mentioned Account, shall be by the said Commissioners of His Majefty^s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General of His Majefty** Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, for the time being, applied, with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Commissioners of His Maiefty’s Treasury for the being, in the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, the Property of Individuals, or in the Purchafe of any Rights of Individuals, where the Reverfion of such Rights shall be veiled in His Majesty, to or over any Lands which shall, in the Judgment of the laid Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Foreils and Land Revenues, or of the said Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces for the time being, he ht and proper for the Growth and Cultivation of Wood and Timber for the Service of His Majefty’s Navy; and all such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Rights shall, when so purchased, be held by and become the Property of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors j and all such Lands shall be used and employed for the Growth and Cultivation of Timber for the Service of His Majefty’s Navy.

^^JIL And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the A-ccouqt so hereby directed to be raised in the Books of the Gover-

S z	nor

Treasury fhty authorise Application of Part of Montes paid for Purchafe of Lands, for CuU tiviition of Timber.

Account when t* be transferred.

CjOOQle

i6o	C.	70.	54°	GEO.	m.	A.D.	1814.

Powers of

50 G.3. c 65. § 12. exit ndul to Acc Hints under Aft.

Aft not to prejudice Power of railing Money by Mortgage*

nor and Company of the Bank as aforesaid, shall be raised, all such Sums of Money as shall then remain upon or to the Credit of the Account hereinafter mentioned, being «< The Woods and Foreft Fund,” applicable to the Purchafe of Lands to be used for the Growth and Cultivation of Timber for the Service of His Majefty’s Navy, shall be transferred or carried over to the said Account so hereby directed to be raised as aforesaid, and to be intituled 44 The Navy Timber Nurfery Fund,” qs aforesaid.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Indemnities, Provisions, Clauses, Rules, Regulations and Directions, Pains and Penalties, contained in and imposed by an Aft parted in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for uniting the Offices of Surveyor GeneraI of t)>e Land Revenues of The Crown, and Surveyor GeneraI of His MajeJly's lVoods> Eorests, Parks and Chaces, touching the Account thereby directed to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled 44 The Account of the Public Monies of the Commiflioners of His “ Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues,” being “ The Woods and Foreil Fund,” shall be in full Force and Effeft with respect to the Account directed by the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be intituled 44 The Ac-44 "count of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and 44 Land Revenues,” being 44 The New Street Account as also to the Account so hereby directed to be raised, to be intituled 44 The Account of the Public Monies of the Commiflioners of His 44 Majefty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues,” being “ The “ Navy Timber Nurfery Fund” as aforesaid, so far as the fame shall or may be applicable thereto respectively ; and shall be acted upon, observed, applied and put in Execution, with regard to all Monies, Bills and Drafts, to be paid in to such last mentioned Accounts respectively, and to the making all Payments to be made thereout, and the Drafts to be drawn for such Payments, the Forms to be observed in regard thereto, and the Particulars to be specified therein, and the transferring, carrying over and veiling of the said Sums, Bills and Drafts, in case of the Death, Refignation or Removal of any One or more of the said respective Commiflioners, into or in any new Commiflioner or Commiflioners, and any surviving or remaining Commiflioner or Commiflioners, or any new Commil-fioner or Commiflioners only ; and touching the forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand-writing of any or either of the said Com-mifiioner^ for the time being, to any Draft, Inftrument or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the obtaining any of the Monies, Buis or Drafts, so to be paid into either of the said Accounts, or the uttering or publishing any such Drafts, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been here repeated and fpe-cially enacted with reference to each of such Accounts, and the Monies, Bills and Drafts, to be paid into or drawn out of the fame Accounts respectively.

XXV.	Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or in any wife be conilru-ed to extend to defeat, alter or prejudice all or any of the Powers

13	given



261

A.D. 1814.	540	GEO.	III.	C.	70.

given by the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefect Majesty, for railing the said Two Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds by Mortgage, so that no more shall be raised in the whole under the Provi-fions of this Aft, or by Mortgage under the Proviiions of the said recited Aft, than the Two several Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, for and towards carrying the several Pnrpofes of the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty into Execution.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the Warrant or Autho- Suirs ^y rity of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commiflioners of His	<>f

Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, under his or their Hand or rca,ury* Hands, or under the Hands of any Three of them, for the raising any Sum or Sums of Money, by Mortgage, Loan, Alignment of Rents, Sale, or other wife, in Part of the said respective Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, shall be a sufficient Warrant or Authority to the Perfon or Perfons advancing the fame ; that the Sum or Sums to be expressed in or authorized by such Warrant or Warrants to be raised, do or doth still remain to be raised under or by virtue of the Powers of the said Aft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Aft ; and that the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Perfons ad-Pontic or Corporate, or Companies advancing the fame, shall not vanciii/ Money be bound to enquire what Sum or Sums of Money have or hath indemnified, been previously raised, or do or doth remain to be raised, under the Powers or Provifions of the said last mentioned Aft or of this Aft ; but that the Sum or Sums of Money in or by every such Warrant expressed or authorized to be raised, shall be deemed and taken, so far as respects the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies advancing or paying the fame, to be a Sum or Sums yet remaining to be raised under the Powers and Proviiions of the said last mentioned Aft and this Aft, over and above all other Monies which shall have been previously raised by virtue of the said last mentioned Aft or of this Aft, or of the Powers or Authorities therein or herein contained; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted. That the said Commiflioners Commiflioners for executing the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of the to certify when Reign of His present Majesty shall, and they are hereby required, Sums authorized when and as soon as the said Sums of Five hundred thousand be railed by Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds shall have been raised,	arC

and thereafter fully paid and satisfied as aforesaid, to certify the fame by Writing under their Hands, to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, and also to the Auditors for the time being of His Majefty’s Laud Revenues ; and then and from thenceforth all and every the Clauses,

Powers, Proviiions, Articles, Matters and Things in this Aft contained, so far as the fame regard the raising of the said Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof respectively, shall cease and determine.

4 XXVIII. And Whereas it would tend to facilitate the raising 53 G ?. c. 121. 4 the said Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred § 44- 80.

4 thousand Pounds, authorised to be raised by the said recited Aft 4 of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, if

S3	4	the

262

C.70.

54° GEO. III.

A.D. 1S14.

Commissioners empowered to Eiiie Money by l>o.m on Credit of Land Revenue,

Corporate Funds advanced on Credit of Land Revenues.

Loans made with Approbation of Treasury.

•	the Commissioners for executing the said AA were enabled to raife

•	the fame, or any Part thereof, by Loan or Loans upon the

•	Credit of the whole Land Revenues of The Crown Be it there* fore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for executing the said recited A<ft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by and with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and notwithstanding any Provision, Reftricfion or Claufe contained in any A<ft or A&s of Parliament relating to His Majefty’s Land Revenues, to borrow and take up at Intereft such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners for executing the said recited A& of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall judge necefiary for the Purpofes of the said Ad, not exceeding what shall then remain to be raised of the said Two Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, by any Loan or Loans upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of The Crown.

XXIX. And be it further declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies (other than and except the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, The Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seat and other Parts of America, and The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies), to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part or Parts of the Capital or other Monies or Funds of or belonging to such Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, not exceeding what shall then remain to be raised of the said Two Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, to the said Commissioners for executing the said lad mentioned Adi, upon the Credit of the said Land Revenues of The Crown; so as that all such Loans be made by and with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, who is or are hereby authorized to iffiie his or their Warrant or Warrants for that Purpofe 5 and every such Loan so to be made shall be deemed to be, and the fame is hereby declared to be a Loan upon a Parliamentary Security; and the said Land Revenues of The Crown shall be deemed and taken to be, and are hereby declared to be a Part or Parts, Branch or Branches of the Revenues of His Majesty, upon which a Credit of Loan to the Extent of the refpc&ive Sums authorized by the said recited A<ft of the Fifty third Year aforesaid to be raised, is granted by Parliament, and upon which any Part or Parts of the Capital or other Monies or Funds of any such Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, may be advanced within the true Intent and Meaning of any Charter, Bye-Law, Statute or Ordinance, whereby any Monies arc authorized or permitted to be advanced upon Parliamentary Security, or any Part or Parts, Branch or Branches of the Revenue of liis Majesty, upon which a Credit of Loan is granted by Parliament; and every such Loan shall be good, valid and effectual ; any Provilion contained in the Statutes of Mortmain, or in any other Statute, Charter, Bye-Law or Ordinance to the conttiryia any wife not with handing.



Goo'

XXX' And

A.D. i8i4*	54° GEO. HI*	C. 70.	263

XXX. And be it further enacted, That aH and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, who ihall agree to lend any Money upon the Credit of the said Revenue, shall receive a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Com-miifioners for executing the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, in the Form or to the Effeft following; that is to fay,

:int pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Certificate of 4 Lord High Treasurer [or, from the Lords Commiflioners of Loan.

4 His Majefty's Treasury, as the case /ball he 1 bearing Date the

*	Day	of	We,	A. and B.

4 Two of the Commiflioners for executing an Aft, pafied in the 4 Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 Ad [infert the Title of the recited Ad of the Fifty third Tear afore-

*	faidJ in exercise of the Powers veiled in us by the said Aft, and by

*	another Aft passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His 4 said Majesty, intituled [here insert the Title of this Ad~\ do hereby 4 certify, that C. D» [infert the Name, Title or Description, of the 4 Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company, by 4 whom or on whose Behalf the Loan is to be advaneed,] hath [or,

*	have] contrafted and agreed to advance and lend to the said Com-4 miflioners for executing the laid Afts, upon the Credit of the Land 4 Revenues of The Crown the Sum of

*	to	be	applied	by	them	for	and to-

4 wards the carrying the several Purpofes thereof into Execution;

4 which Sum is to be paid by the said C.Z). to one of the Calhiers 4 of the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Com-4 miflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues,

4 being M The New Street AccountAnd from and immediately 4 after the Payment of the fame in manner aforesaid, the said Sum of 4	(hall by

4 virtue of the said Afts become and be a Loan charged upon the 4 whole of the Land Revenues of The Crown ; and such Revenues 4 shall from thenceforth be subject and liable to the Repayment of 4 the said Capital Sum so to be advaneed, and to the Payment of 4 Intereft for the fame, or for so much of the said Principal Sum as 4 Ihall from time to time remain unpaid, after the Rate of Five 4 Pounds per Centum per Annum (or lesser Rate, as the case may 4 be), to be computed from the time the fame shall be so advaneed,

4 and to be paid without any Deduftion (fave the Property Tax 4 for the time being) by Half-yearly Payments, until the whole of 4 the said Principal Sum, and Intereft thereon, shall be fully paid 4 and discharged. Given under our Hands and Seals, this

4 Day of	One	thoufand	eight	hundred

4 and	/

And every such Certificate shall be witnessed by one of the Secrets- Certificate to be ries or Clerks to the said Commiflioners ; and the Cafhiers of the witnetfed. Bank, or one of them, shall, upon the Produftion of such Certificate or Certificates, accept and receive the Sum or Sums therein specified, and at the Foot or Back of such Certificate, acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies without Fee or Reward ; and the Receipt to be given by the Cafhier of the Bank at the Foot or Receipt.

S	4	oa

L^ooQle

Form.

Certificate and Receipt inrolled.

Evideuce.

I.oans charged on I,and Revenues. •

I.oans and Deeds exempted from Stamp Duties.

Transfer of Certificates, &c.

C.7*.	540	GEO.	III.	A.D.1814.

on the Back of such Certificate as aforesaid, shall be in the Words and Figures following, or as near thereto as may be $ that is to fay,

* J> ECE1VED the	Day of

4 One thousand eight hundred and	of and from

4 A. B. the Sum of	of	lawful	Money	of

4 Great Britain, being the Sum to be paid into the Bank of Eng* 4 land pursuant to the above Certificate, and which Sum is placed 4 to the Account of the Commiflioners of His Majelly’s Woods, 4 Forefts and Land Revenues, being “ The New Street Account.”

4 Witnefs my Hand,

4 For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

4 (Signed)	Cafhier.*

Which said Certificate and Receipt shall be inrolled in the Office of the Auditor of His Majcfty’s Land Revenues for the County of Middlefexy on Payment of the usual Fees for such Inrolment, and a Minute or Extrad thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office of the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and also in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk to the said Commiflioners for executing the said last mentioned Ad and this Ad ; and every such Certificate and Receipt, when so given, granted and inrolied, shall be and they are hereby declared to be conclusive Evidence of the Advance of every such Loan, and of the Day or Time of the making such Advance.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That when every fucli Certificate and Receipt shall be so signed and inrolied, and entered as afore-said, every such Loan or Loans, the Receipt whereof shall be so acknowledged as aforesaid, shall be and the fame is and are hereby charged upon the whole of the said Land Revenues of The Crown j and such Revenues shall from thenceforth be subject and liable to the Payment of the fame, and the Intereft thereof, in such manner as is hereby directed; and such Intereft shall be from thenceforth paid and satisfied out of the said Revenues, at the time or times and in the manner mentioned and appointed for the Payment thereof in and by every such Certificate; and the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to pay such Intereft from time to time, when and as the fame shall become due and payable, out of the said Land Revenues of The Crown, prior to any other Application thereof.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That no Loan wliich shall be advaneed, nor any Certificate which shall be made thereof, by virtue of this Ad, shall be subject or liable to any ad •valorem or other Stamp Duty whatfover imposed by any Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Ad or Ads of Parliament, unless such Loan or Certificate be fpe-cially subjected and specifically charged in and by such future Ad or Ads of Parliament.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, entitled to the Monies advanced or remaining due from time to time upon any such Certificate in respect of any such Loan as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Adminiftra-torsj Succeflors or Afligns, at any time, by Writing under his or

their

A.D.1814*

540 GEO. III.	C. 70*	265

their Hands and Seals, or under the Seal of such Body Politic or Corporate, or Company, to transfer such Certificate and the Money remaining due thereon, to any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever 5 and every such Transfer may be in the Form or to the Effeft following ;

| J A. B. [or. We	] being entitled to the Sum

of	by	virtue	of	a	Certificate	bearing

1 Date the	Day of	under	the Hands

*	and Seals of Two of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods,

*	Forefts and Land Revenues acting in Execution of an Aft, made

*	in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, 53 G. 3. c. iai.

*	intituled [here fet forth the Title of the former	and of an

‘ Aft made in the Fifty fourth Year of His said Majesty, intituled ‘ \fbere fet forth the Title of this ^<S], upon the Credit of the 4 Land Revenues of The Crown, do hereby transfer all my [or,

4 our] Right and Intereft in and to the fame Sum, and all Jntcreft 4 now due and to arise or accrue due thereon, unto

4	his	[or, her or their] Executors, Adminiftrators,

4 [or, Succeffors] and Afligns. Dated the	Day	of

« t»

And every such Transfer or Affignment shall be inrolled in the Office Transfer

of the Auditor of the Land Revenue of The Crown, for the County inrolled.

of M'tddlesex, on Payment of the usual Fees ; ' and a Minute or

Docket thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office of the

said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land

Revenues ; and an Extraft or Memorial thereof shall be entered in

a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk to the said Com-

millioners for executing this Aft, which Extraft or Memorial shall Memorial.

fpecify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of

Money thereby transferred ; to which Book any Perfon interefted

shall at all seasonable times have Access, and shall have free Liberty

to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward; and for the entering

of every such Transfer, the said Clerk shall be paid by the Perfon to

whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of One Guinea and no

more; and every such Transfer, after such Entry shall be made Infpeflion of

thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Poli- Entries.

tic or Corporate and Companies, to w hom the fame shall be made, and Fee*

his or her Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors or Afsigns, to the

Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, and to receive the

Money due thereon, when the fame shall become payable, and the

Intereft thereof in the mean time.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That* whenever any Sum Fund created for or Sums of Money shall hereafter be raised by Loan, upon the Repayment of Credit of the said Land Revenues of The Crown, for the Pur- Money bor-pofes aforesaid, by virtue of this Aft, the Lord High Treasurer, rowcd* or the said Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall and they are hereby authorized and required, out of the said Land Revenues of The Crown, after Payment of the Intereft to accrue due and payable upon such Loan or Loans, and prior to any other Application of the said Revenues, yearly and every Year to appropriate and fet apart a Sum equal to One Fortieth Part of the Principal Amount of every such Loan, which Sum shall from time to time be laid out by equal Proportions Half yearly, by the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being,

m





36(5

C. 70.

540 GEO. in.

A.D. 1814.

Application of Fuud.

Payment in-

in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, or in any o^her of the Public Funds transferrable at the Bank of England; and all such Annuities and Funds so to be purchased, shall be transferred to a Separate Account, to be intituled t€ The “ Account of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury,” being M The New Street accumulating Fund Account 5” to which Account the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit Transfers to be made of the said Annuities or Stocks so to be purchased, and to permit the Commiflioners of His Majeffy’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to receive the Dividends and Interell to accrue due thereon, which Dividends and Interell shall be laid out in like manner from time to time in the Purchafe of like Annuities or Stock ; and the Dividends or Interell on all such Accumulations shall be alfa received and applied in like manner until the said Funds shall be fuffi-cicnt to pay off and discharge the whole of the said principal Loan or Loans; and that when and as soon as the said Fund shall be fufli-% cient for that Purpose, the said Bank Annuities shall be fold, assigned, transferred and disposed of by the said Commiflioners of His Majelly’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and the Monies to arise from such Sales shall be applied to the Difeharge of every such Loan accordingly.

XXXV. Provided, and be it further enacted, That if the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Corporations, to whom any Money shall be due upon any such Loan or Loans as aforesaid, shall be desirous of having the said principal Loan or Loans dif-charged by Inftalments, and shall give Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing of such their Defire to the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, then and in such case the said lad mentioned Commiflioners are hereby authorized, empowered and required when and as soon as the said lafl mentioned Fund shall have accumulated to an Amount sufficient to pay and discharge One Tenth Part of the Principal of every such Loan or Loans, to fell and dispose of the said Bank Annuities, or a sufficient Part thereof, to pay and discharge One Tenth Part of the said principal Loan or Loans, and to pay and apply the Monies arising thereby in the Payment and Difeharge of such Part of the said Principal Loan or Loans accordingly; and to make like Sales and Payments from time to time, when and as often as the said Fund shall be sufficient to pay and discharge One Tenth Part of the Principal of every such Loan or Loans, until the whq}e of the Principal of every such Loan shall be fully paid and discharged 5 and every such Payment so to be made as

licate.

Form.

M Miwin in	/	1	o	w	4	  4-- -------------

dor ft d on Certi- aforeiaid, shall be acknowledged by the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, receiving the fame, by Indorfement upon every such Certificate; which Indorfement may be in the Words or Figures, or to the Effedt following:

4 T [<?r We] do hereby acknowledge to have this Day received of 4	5	and from the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury,

*	the Sum of	in Part (or, in full as

4 the case may he) Payment and Difeharge of the Capital Loan or

*	Sum mentioned in the above (or, within) Certificate. Witnefs my

4 Hand, [or, our Hands] this	Day	of

4	One	thoufand	eight	hundred and	«

1 Signed in the Prefence of	.*

*	1	And



A.D.i8i4*

54° GEO. III.	C.	70.	167

And an Entry shall be made thereof in the Office of the Auditor of His Majefty'g Land Revenue for the County of MiJJlssex, and ia the Office of His Majefty's Woods, Foreila and Land Revenues, and also in the proper Books kept by the Clerk to the said Commif-fcoacrs wherein the Entry of such original Loan or Loans shall be nade: And the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit the Commiffiouers of His Maje&y's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to make all such Sales, Alignments, Transfers and Difpofi-tions of the laid Bank Annuities, as they the said Commiilioners (kail think proper or require from time to time, for the Purpofes aforesaid.

XXXVI. Provided, and be it further enacted, That if the Com-miffiooers for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall be desirous of redeeming or discharging any such Loan or Loans, or any Part or Parts of any such Loan or Loans (fuch Part or Parts not being less than One Tenth Part of the whole Amount of any such Loan or Loans) at any other time or times, or by any other means or in any othar manner, than at the time or times, or by the means or in the manner hereinbefore provided for the Payment or Difcharge thereof, it shall and may be lawful, notwithRanding any thing hereinbefore contained, to and for the said lad mentioned Commissioners so to do* upon giving to the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Corporations, to whom any Money shall be due upon any such Loan or Loans in respect of which any such Payment shall be meant and intended to be made. Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing of their Defire and Intention to make such Payment $ which Notice may be in the Form or to the Effect following :

WE,	Three

of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High 1 Treasurer, do hereby give you Notice, that We are desirous of re-1 deeming or discharging the Sum of

being One	Part	(or,	the	Whole, as the

' case may be) of the Loan or Capital Sum due to you on the Credit 1 of the Land Revenues of The Crown, by virtue of a Certificate, 1 bearing Date the	Day	of

1	and	that We intend to make such Payment of

1 the said Sam of	to	you	on

1 the	Day	of	next

1 ensuing the Date hereof. Given under our Hands, this •	Day	of

And in case any such Notice or Notices shall be so given, the said last mentioned Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, at the time to be appointed in every such Notice, to make Payment accordingly of the Sum to be expressed in every such Notice ; and the Per* (on or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Corporations, to whom any such Money shall be due or belong, shall accordingly receive the fame at the time or times so to be appointed for the Payment thereof, ia Difcharge of every fueh Loan or Loans, or in Difcharge of so much thereof as shall be so proposed to be paid off or discharged; a id upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums so expressed in every such Notice, and of the Interell thereof, at the Day or Time

to

Entry of In-doi lemcnt.

Bank to permit Sales, See.

Tretfury empowered to redeem on giving Six Calendar Months Notice.

Nodce.

Payments to be made according to Notice.

Intereft to cease on Payment or Tender.





268

Treasury on Notice may tell Bank Annuities aril'en from Appropriations.

Treasury and Commiflioners of Woods may accept Stock, receive Dividends, &c. by Power of Attorney.

S3 G.3. c. iai.

C. 70.	54*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1814.

to be appointed in and by every such Notice for the Payment thereof, the Intereft in respect of every such Sum or Sums which shall be so paid or tendered, shall from thenceforth cease and be no longer paid or payable : And in case any such Notice shall be so given as afore-said, the Commiflioners of His Majelly’s Treasury for the time being shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think it expedient so to do, to fell and difpofeof all the Bank Annuities which shall then have arisen or accumulated, or been produced by or from the Appropriation which shall have been made in respect of any such Loan or Loans in pursuance of the Directions herein contained, or of so much thereof as shall be requisite or necessary to make any such Payment or Payments, and to apply the Monies to arise by any such Sale or Sales in the making such Payment accordingly ; and every such Payment so to be made as aforesaid, shall be acknowledged by the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, receiving the fame, by Indorfement upon every such Certificate, which Indorfemcnt may be in the Form hereinbefore directed, and a like Entry shall be made thereof in the several Offices hereinbefore mentioned, as is and are hereinbefore provided and directed in the case of any Payments to be made in pursuance of any Notice or Notices to be given by the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Corporations, to whom any Money shall be due upon any such Loan or Loans as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Bank Annuities or Funds by this Ad directed to be fold, assigned, transferred or dif-pofed of by the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, shall and may be so fold, assigned, transferred or disposed, by any Three or more of them, or by any Perfon or Perfons to be appointed by them or any Three or more of them, by Letter of Attorney under their Hands and Seals, attested by Two or more credible Witnestes; and that all Dividends directed by this Ad, or the said recited Ad of the said Fifty third Year, to be paid to or received by them, shall and may be paid to or received by any Three or more of them, or any Perfon or Perfons appointed by them or any Three or more of them, by Letter of Attorney under their Hands and Seals, attested in like manner; and that all Bank Annuities or Funds by this Ad di-reded or authorized to be fold, assigned, transferred and disposed off by the said Commiflioners, for executing the said last mentioned Ad, or by the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, shall and may be fold, assigned, transferred or disposed of, by the said last mentioned Commiflioners, or any Two or more of them, or by any Perfon or Perfons to be appointed by them, or any Two or more of them, by Letter of Attorney under their Hands and Seals, attested by Two or more credible Witnefles ; and that all Dividends directed by this Ad, or the said recited Ad of the said Fifty third Year, to be paid to or received by the said last mentioned Com-miffionerB, shall and may be paid to or received by any Two or more of them, or any Perfon or Perfons appointed by them, or any Two or more of them, by Letter of Attorney under their Hands and Seals, attested in like manner; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required to permit all such Sales, Affignments, Transfers and Dif-pofltions to be so madei and all such Dividends to be so paid or received as aforefaid*

XXXVIII. And



A.D.i8i4*

54° GEO. III.

C. 70.	269

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Forcing, Sec. Perfons shall forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be Transfer*, fcc. forced, counterfeited or altered, or knowingly and wilfully aft or afliil in forging, counterfeiting or altering the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons in or to any Transfer of any Bank Annuities or Funds by this Aft authorized or directed to be fold, assigned, transferred or disposed of, or to any Receipt or Difcharge for any Dividends or Payments due or to become due thereon, or to any Letter of Attorney, Warrant or other Inftrument, to fell, assign, transfer or dispose of any such Bank Annuities or Funds or to receive any Dividends or Payments due or to become due thereon, or to any Letter of Attorney, Draft, Warrant, Inftrument or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money which is or shall be in the Hands or Cuftody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of any other Perfon or Perfons, under any of the Provifions of this Aft, or shall produce, utter or publish any such Letter of Attorney, Draft, Warrant, In-ftrument or Writing, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-cellors, or the said Governor and Company, or any other Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, every Perfon or Perfons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convisted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony without Be- Death, nefat of Clergy.

*	XXXIX. And Whereas by several Afts of Parliament which

*	have been passed for the difafforefting certain Forefts belonging to

*	His Majesty, and for the inclosing divers Commons, Open and

*	Wafte Lands, over which His Majesty had Forestal, Manorial or 4 other Rights, or in which He was otherwise interested, Powers have 4 been given to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Lords Com-4 miflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, and to the CommifTioners of

*	His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or to the Sur*

1 veyor General of His Majefty’s Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces,

*	or to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of The Crown,

4 for the time being, with the Approbation of the Lord High Trea-4 surer, or any Three of the Lords Commiflioners, for the time be-4 ing, of His Majefly’s Treasury, to contraft and purchase, for and 4 on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors from any Pur-4 lieu Owners, or any other Perfons who should be entitled to any 4 Allotments of Land under such Afts, or from any other Owners 4 or Proprietors of Lands, all or any Part of their respective 4 Lands, or of the Allotments to be made to them in respect 4 thereof, for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors,

4 to the intent that such Lands, when so jfurchafed, should be ap-1 propriated to the Growth and Prefervation of Timber; and also 4 to purchase all or any of the Timber, Underwood, Bufhes or 4 Thoms, which were or should be Handing or growing upon the 4 fame Lands : And Whereas the said Provifions nave been and may 4 be in a great Meafure frustrated, by reason that such Afts do not 4 extend to enable any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate or any 4 Perfon or Perfons having only a partial or qualified Intereft in any

*	of the Lands or Allotments so to be purchaled, or any Committees,

*	Guardians or Trustees, or others, acting for Perfons who are or

4 may

*7®	C.70.	540	GEO.	IIL	A.D.1814.

Bodies Politic, &c. may agree with Commif-fioners of Woods, &c. for Sale of Lands, to The Crown.

*	may be under Disabilities or incapable of acting for themselves, to 9 contrail for the Sale of, or to fell or convey the feme Allotments

*	or Lands: And Whereas, from the great and increasing Difficulty of 9 procuring a sufficient Supply of Timber for the Ufe oFHis Majefty**

*	Navy, it would be of great public Utility if such Body or Bodies

*	Politic or Corporate, or other Perfon and Perfons as aforesaid, were

*	enabled to fell (if they or the Perfons acting on their behalf, as

*	hereinafter mentioned, shall think fit so to doj, all or any of their

*	Allotments under such Ads, or any other or their Lands or He-

*	reditaments for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors,

*	in order to be fet apart for the Growth and Cultivation of such 9 Timber as aforefaidBe it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or others, having a partial or qualified Intereft or Eftate in any Lands or other Hereditaments which have been or shall be fet out or allotted (under or by virtue of the Powers and Provifions contained in any Ad or Ads already passed or hereafter to be pafTed for difafforeftmg any Forefts belonging to His Majesty, or for inclofmg any Lands wherein Hi9 Majesty had or has any such Forestal, Manorial or other Rights as hereinbefore mentioned) to or for any such Body Politic or Corporate, or Perfon or Perfons, or which shall have devolved or shall devolve upon or be or become vested in any such Body Politic or Corporate, or Perfon or Perfons, after the feme shall have been so allotted or fet out, or in any other Lands or Hereditaments ; and also for all Hulbands, Femes Covert, Committees of Lunatics or Idiots, Guardians of Infants or Minors, Trustees and Feoffees in Truft for Charities or other Purposes, Executors and Adminiftrators and all other Perfons whomsoever, not only on behalf of themselves and their respective Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Succeffors, but also on behalf of their respective Wives and Ccjluiqut Trulls, whether Lunatics, Idiots, Iffue unborn, Femes Covert or other Perfons incapable to ad for themselves, seized or entitled in Pofsession, ReverGon, Remainder or by way of Executory Devise, of or unto or other wife iuterefted in any Lands or Hereditaments already allotted or hereafter to be allotted under the Authority of any such Ad or A 61s as aforesaid, or of, unto or in any other Lands or Heredita-ments whatsoever; to contrail and agree (if they shall think fit so to do) with the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majefty** Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, for the time being, with thie Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Coro-mifiioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, for and on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for the absolute Sale of, and -under the Regulations and Reftri&ians hereinafter mentioned, to fell and convey to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, all or any of the said Lands or Hereditaments which have been or shall hereafter be allotted to any such Body Politic or Corporate, oar Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid, under or by virtue of any such A€t or Ad8 of Parliament as aforesaid, or which shall have devolved upon or have become vested in any such Body Politic or Corporate, or Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid, after the feme are or shall be so allotted, and all or any other the Lands qr Hereditament which such Body

Politic

v^ooQle

A.D.1814.	54" GEO. III.	C.	70.	27	f

Politic or Corporate, or Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid, are or is, or shall be seized of, entitled to or interested in as aforesaid, which /hall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods,

Forefts and Land Revenues, or of the Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, tor the time being, be Stand proper for the Growth and Cultivation of Wood and Timber, together with the Timber, Underwood, Bullies and Thorns, {landing and growing thereon.

XL. And be it further enabled, That when any such Lands or He- Lands valued reditaments as aforesaid shall be con traced for or agreed to be fold to upon Oath, and or for the Ufe of His Majesty as aforesaid, the Value thereof, and of not lol<! below all the Timber, Underwood, Bufhes and Thoms, growing or being Valuation, thereon, shall be afeertained by Two able practical Surveyors of Land one of whom shall be nominated by the Commissioners of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majefty*s Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces for the time being, with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, and the other by the Body Politic or Corporate or Perfon or Perfons con tracing or agreeing to fell the fame; and if such Two Surveyors shall not agree in the Valuation thereof, then by such Third Surveyor of Land as the Two so appointed shall for that Pur-pofe nominate; and each of the said Two Surveyors (if they shall agree in and make their Valuation, or if not then the Surveyor so to be nominated by them as aforefaid) shall annex to their or his Survey,

Eftimate or Valuation, when completed, an Oath (ot being of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation) to be fubferibed by him, and taken before and certified by any Juftice of the Peace or Magi (Irate of the United Kingdom, who is respectively hereby authorized to administer an Oath or Affirmation in that behalf; the Form whereof shall be as follows ;

1 T A.B• do swear [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm], That Oath.

* * the Survey, Eftimate or Valuation, hereunto annexed, was faith*

« fufly*|* impartially made by me, and that the Value of the Property f Sic.

« therein deferibed, is justly estimated therein, according to the best ‘ of my Skill and Judgment 5 and that all the Particulars Hated 1 therein are true, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.*

Which Oath or Affirmation, when so fubferibed, taken and certified Filed*

shall be filed with the said Survey, Eftimate or Valuation, in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majefty*s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or in the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, for the time being;

And the Price or Confideration to be paid or given for the Purchafe Price not to be of such Lands or Hereditaments shall in no case be less than the Sum ,ds than at which the fame shall be estimated and valued in such Survey, Efti- male ,n SurveJT* mate or Valuation as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That every Conveyance of any Furchafed Lands and Hereditaments to be fold and conveyed to His Majesty Land* conveyed in pursuance of this A&, shall be made in the Form or to the Effedl t0 His Majesty contained in the Schedule marked (A.) to this A 61, Or as near and similar thereto as circumstances will permit; and every such Con-	°	°"

veyance shall be exempt from any Stamp Duty whatsoever ; and stamp Duty, jhdll be inrolled in the Office of the Auditor of His Majefty's Land

Revenues,

v^.ooQle

Lands appropriated for Growth of Timber.

Ecclefiaftical Peifons entitled to Fines, com-penfated for Deprivation thereof by means of Sties. '

C. 70.	549 GEO. IIL	A.D.1814.

Revenues, who shall receive and be paid the usual Fees for inrolling the fame, and a Minute or Docket thereof shall also be entered and preserved in the Office of the said CommifTioners of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues, or in the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majefly’s Woods, Forests, Parks aud Chaces for the time being ; and all such Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made as aforesaid, shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever ; any Adi or Adis of Parliament, Pradlice, Cultom or Ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding; and all such Lands or Hereditaments so to be purchased on behalf of, and conveyed to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors as aforesaid, shall be appropriated for the Growth and Cultivation of Wood and Timber.

4 XLII. And Whereas it is just and reasonable that if any Arch-* bishop, Bishop, Mailer and Fellows of any Coliege, Dean and 4 Chapter of any Cathedral, or Collegiate Church, Mafler or Guar-4 dian of any Hofpital, Prebendary, or any other Perfon or Perfons 4 having any Spiritual or Ecclefiaftical Promotion, shall, by virtue of 4 this Adi or otherwise, agree for the Sale of, and fell to or for the 4 Ufe of The King’s Majessy, his Heirs and SuccefTors, any of the 4 Lands or Hereditaments so already allotted or to be allotted to,

4 or which shall have devolved or shall devolve to any such Perfon or 4 Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate as aforesaid, such Perfon or 4 Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, should be considered as having 4 had the fame Right of leafing for Three Lives or Twenty one 4 Years, such Lands so allotted or to be allotted, or which have de-4 volved or shall devolve to him or them as aforesaid, as he or they 4 had or have of demifmg or leafing the Lands or Hereditaments 4 in respect whereof such Allotment or Allotments shall have been 4 made or claimed, at or under a Yearly Rent, to be apportioned 4 after the fame Rate per Acre as the Rent reserved in any subsisting 4 Leafe or Lcafes of such other Lands and Hereditaments as the 4 accustomed Yearly Rent thereof; and that such Perfon or Perfons,

4 Body Politic or Corporate, should be compensated for the Lofs he * 4 or they may sustain, by reason of such Sale or Sales, of any Fine 4 he or they might otherwise have had or taken for the Grant or 4 Renewal of any Leafe or Leafes for the Term of Three Lives or 4 Twenty one Years, at and under such Rent of the Lands so to 4 be fold as aforesaid ;* Be it therefore declared and ena£ted, That if any such Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, shall by means of any such Sale or Sales lose or be deprived of any Benefit which such Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, would or might otherwise have received or taken by way of Fine for the Grant or Renewal of any Leafe or Leafes of any of such Lands or Hereditaments as shall be so fold as aforesaid, then and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commifiioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to pay or cause to be paid to such Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, for his and their particular Ufe, such Share or Proportion of the Sum or Sums of Money payable as the Confideration for such Sale or Sales, as Two indifferent Perfons, one of them to be nominated by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Commif-fionersof His Majefty’s Treasury, for the. time being, and the other





A.D. 1814.

54° GEO. III.

*73

br the Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, so contracting; a.nd in case the Two Perfons so chosen fhnll not agree, then as such Third Perfon, whom the Two so chosen shall for that Purpof * nominate, shall adjudge and determine to be a just and reaionablc Com-penfation to the Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, seeking the fame, for any such Benefit which he or they shall have been or may be deprived of by means of any such Sale or Sales, or' shall lose or forego on account thereof; in estimating which Com- Compenfation penfation, in every case in which no specific Rent shall be directed ,lo;v vitwiutcd. by the Aft or Afts of Parliament under which such Allotment or Allotments shall have been or shall be fet out or made to be referred on the granting any Leafe or Leafes thereof, the fame Average Rent per Acre shall be reserved in any fubiifting Leafe or Leafes granted by such Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, of the Lands or .Hereditaments in respect of which such Allotment or Allotments shall be or shall have been made, shall be deemed and taken to have been the accustomed Yearly Rent which would and ought to have been reserved in any Leafe or Leafes which would or might hare been granted or renewed of any such Lands or Hereditaments to be fold as aforesaid if no such Sale or Sales had been made, or if any Leafe or Leafes had been made or granted thereof previous to any such Sale or Sales ; and the Receipt or Receipts of Receipts for the Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, entitled to such Compeniation. Corapenfation, or of his or their Executors or Adminiflrators, shall be a sufficient Difcharge or sufficient Difcharges to the said Lord High Treasurer, or to the said Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Treasury, for the Money so paid, or for so much thereof as shall be therein exprefied to have been received.

XL1II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Money Such Parts of to arile by the Sale or Sales of any Lands or Hereditaments so Monies as are to be fold by any such Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, la,d out ,n l>ur-ueder the Authority of this Aft, as shall not be paid and applied j ^js°L°vcrted b^way of such Compenfation as aforesaid, or which shall be payable or j;ipofed of in as the Value of any Timber, Underwood, Bullies and Thorns mem time ac-erovring thereon, shall be applied and disposed of in such or the cording to Di-like manner, for the Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons, Body Po- re^,0,is 111 htic or Corporate, interested in such Monies refpeftivelv, as by an 4* G. 3. (U.K.) Aft pafTed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present C,I°9*

Majesty, intituled An A St for consolidating in One A SI certain Pro-viftotu usually inserted in A SI: of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the pqfing of such Ads, is directed in respect of any Money to be paid Tor the Parchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or* Wood growing thereon, and winch Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Lands or Hereditaments so fold or exchanged, or on which fucli Timber grew, were limited, fettled or assured.

4 XLIV. And Whereas various Perfons/have or claim to be en-4 titled to Common of Eftovers for Firewood, to be bad or taken in 4 and from the Woods of certain of His Majefty’s Forefts or late 4 Forests, to be used or consumed in the Dwelling Houses, Cot-1 tages or Ancient Tenements, to which such Fuel Rights do ap-4 pertain ; and under Pretext of the Exercife of such Rights, great

54 Geo. III.

T

♦ Depre-

274

Bodies Politic or Corporate, Guard'ans, Committees and Trustees acting for Per ions under Disabilities, enabled to central v ith Com-mifnoners of His Mi jelly's Woods, &c. for Sale of Fuel Right*.

Tenant for Life.

C. 70.	540	GEO.	Ill;	A.D.1814.

Depredations have been and do continue to be committed in His Majefty’s Woods to the Timber and Trees growing therein; and it would tend greatly to the Prcfervation of such Timber and Trees, if such Fuel Rights could be effectually extinguished:	And

Whereas many of the Owners or Proprietors of such Rights are willing and desirous to fell or commute the fame for an adequate Price or Conlideration ; and although it would be desirable to pur-chafe the fame for and on behalf of His Majesty, yet by reason that such Fuel Rights are ia general of small Value, and held by many different Proprietors, and that the Tenements, to which such Rights are appurtenant, are in some cases in Settlement, and in others are held by Perfons who are under Difabilities, or incapable of making any valid Surrender or Extinguifhment of such Rights, and the fame cannot be surrendered to His Majesty, or extinguished, by any of the ordinary Modes of Conveyance, without great Expence; whereby the Purchafe of such Rights is very much obstructed and impeded, and such Difficulties cannot be removed without the Aid of Parliament Be it therefore further enabled, That whensoever the Commifiioncrs of His Maiefly’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases, for the time being, shall, with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Commissioners of His Mnjefty’s Treasury for the time being, contract and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, for the Purchafe or Extinguifhment of any such Common of Eftovers or Fuel Rights as aforesaid, whether the Perfon so contracting with the said Commissioners or the said Surveyor General shall be entitled thereto absolutely or for any qualified or partial Estate, or as the Hu (band, Committee or Truftee of any Perfon or Perfons under any of the Incapacities or Difabilities hereinbefore mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General for the time being, to pay the Price or Confidera-tion for the Purchafe of such Rights to the Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, so contracting for the Sale thereof, or to apply and dispose thereof in manner hereinafter mentioned ; and such Perfon or Perfons so contracting shall thereupon give a Certificate of such Contract, and of the Payment of the Conlideration Money for the Purchafe of such Rights, which shall be made according to the Form contained in the Schedule (C.) to this ACt, or as near thereto as circumstances will permit; and upon Payment of such Sum of Money, and the signing such Certificate, all such Fuel Rights and Rights of Common of Eftovers for Firewood, as shall be m or by every such Certificate, or any Schedule thereto, expressed to be fold, released or extinguished, shall from thenceforth and immediately thereupon become and be emerged and extinguished in the Freehold and Inheritance of the said Woods, and be for ever thereafter vested in His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, in Right of His Crown, without any Bargain and Sale, Fine, Recovery, Deed or other Conveyance thereof whatsoever ; any Statute, Cuftom, Law, Practice or Ufuage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if the Perfon or Perfons making such Sale or Sales shall be only Tenant for Life or in Tail, or entitled only to fomc qualified or partial Intereft therein, then the

Money





A.D. 1814.

54^ GEO. III.

C.70.

275

Money to be paid upon such Sale or Sales shall be applied and

difpoled of in such and the like manner as is directed by the faid

hereinbefore mentioned Aft of the Forty firil Year of His Majefty’s 41 G. 5. (U. K)

Reign, with respect to any Monies which ought to be laid out in c. ic<;. §30.

the Purchafe of Lands as hereinbefore mentioned, or shall be paid

to fume Truflees or Trultee legally authorized or empowered to

receive th? fame, by any Settlement, Will or Deed relating thereto ;

and all such Certificates as aforesaid shall be exempt from any Stamp Stamp Duty.

Duty whatsoever.

XLVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enabled, That Prmifo for nothing herein contained shall extend, or in any wife be construed to Powers of s da repeal, restrain, abridge, alter, prejudice or afFeft any Power or Powers or Enhance given by any or either of the laid recited Afts of Parliament, or bv any other Aft or Afts of Parliament now fubfilting for the Sale or Exchange of any Manors, Lordships, Buildings, Lands, Manorial or other Rights, Rents, Tithes or Hereditaments belonging to His Majcily, or for leafing the fame; but all such Powers shall be and remain in full Force and Virtue ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithilanding.

* XLVII. And Whereas by an Aft palled in the Fifty second 3. c. 161. ‘ Year of His Majefty’s Reign for enabling His Majesty to grant ‘ Lcafes under certain circumltances, and for other Purpofes therein ‘ mentioned, the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and c Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majcity’s Woods

*	and Forefts for the time being, under the Authority of the Lord 1 High Treasurer or the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s 4 Treasury for the time being, are empowered to grant Leases, under 4 the Reftriftions and Regulations therein mentioned, of certain 4 Parts of the Royal Forests, and of certain Purpreftures and En-4 croachments within such Forests: And Whereas no Provilion is

*	contained in the said last mentioned Aft for exempting such Lcafes

*	from Stamp Duty: And Whereas, in order to encourage Perfons ‘ to accept and take such Leases, it is expedient that they should be 4 rendered as little expensive to the Parties taking the fame as pofiible

Be it therefore enafled, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, Lcafes granted no Leafc or Leafes which shall be made, granted or executed, under by virtue any of the Powers or Authorities of the said recited Aft of the thereof exempt Fifty second Year aforesaid, or any Counterpart or Counterparts of from Stamp any such Leafe or Leases, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp ^utX-Duty whatsoever imposed by any Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Aft or Afts of Parliament, unless the fame be specially subjected and fpe-cially charged in and by such future Aft or A6ts of Parliament.

SCHEDULE (A.) to which this Aft refers.

FORM of Conveyance to Hi3 Majesty.

THESE are to Witnefs, That C.D. of	in

the County of	in	Confideration of the Sum

paid to him £ory them] by tue CommifTioncrs of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Re-[or, by the Surveyor General ot His Majefty’s Woods, Eorcifs,Parks and Chaces, as the case may be] on behalf of His laid t iaydty, in full for the Purgbafe of the Lauds and Hereditaments T 2	here-



A.D.1814.

C76	C.70.	540	GEO.	III.

hereinafter deferibed, Doth for, do] by these Prefents grant, bargain and fell unto His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, All that Parcel of Land [‘deferibing //], To have and To Hold the fame Ur His said Majessy, his Heirs and SuccefTors, in Right of His Crown for ever. In Witnefs whereof the said C. D. hath [or, have] hereunto fet hi» Hand [or, their Hands] and Seal [or, Seals] this Day of	in	the	Year of our Lord

Witnefs to the Execution of the above 7 Conveyance by the said C. Z7.	3

SCHEDULE (B.) to which this Aft refers.

FORM of Certificate of Contrafls made by the Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Woods, Forelts and Land Revenues [or, the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue, as the case may be.]

By the CommifTioner8 of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls and Lauds Revenues, [or, by the Surveyor General of Hit Majefty’s Woods, Forests, Paries and Chaces, as the case may

THESE are to certify, That in pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Lords Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Trea-fury, bearing Date the	Day	of

A. B. and C. D. Two of the Commifiioners of His Majcfly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues, [or, the said Surveyor General] for and on behalf of The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, have [or, hath] contracted and agreed with A. B. of

for the Sale to the said A. B. of all \Jhcrc deferile the Pre-mifes to be fol<f\ at or for the Price or Sum of	of

lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A. B. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Commifiioners of His Majeily’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues, being “ The New Street Account,” for, M The Navy Timber Nurfery Fund Account,” [as the case /hall £*], [and in case of any fubji'fling Lease, then the following Words to be added^ subject nevertheless to [here deferibing when and to whom such Leafe was granted, for what Term of Tears cr Lively and when the Term will expire, or which of the Lives are in being] and from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum into the Bank in manner aforesaid, and the Inrolment of this Certificate and the Receipt for the said Purchafe Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County aforesaid, and thenceforth for ever the said A. B. and his, [her, or their] Heirs, SuccefTors or Afsigns, shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seizin and Pofieflion of the said Hereditaments and Premifes so by him, [her, or them] purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majessy, his Heirs and SuccefTors, or of any Perfon or Perfons claiming under him or them, and in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes, as His Majesty, his Heirs or Sucdeflbrs, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not been made. Given under their Hands [or, his Hand] this Day of	in the Year of our

Lord	•

Signed by the aboye named '	in	the	Pre-

fence of

FORM





A.D. 1814,

5 4* GEO. nr.

*77

C.70.

FORM OF RECEIPT.

RECEIVED the	Day of	of and

from A. B. the Sum of	of lawful Money of Great

Britain, being the Confideration Money expressed in the above £or, within] written Certificate.

Witnefs my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England. (Signed)	Cafhier.

SCHEDULE (C.) to which this Aft refers.

FORM of Certificate of Contraft for the Purchafe of Fuel Rights.

THESE are to certify, That the Commissioners of His Maj fly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues [or, the Surveyor General of His Mcjofly’s Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces] have [or, hath] on the Part and Behalf of His Mnjeily, contrafted and agreed with me [V, us] for the Purchase, Release, Surrender and Extinguifhment, of the Quantity [or, several Quantities] of Fuel Wood, and all other Right [or. Rights] of Common of Eftovers for Fire Wood and Fuel, to be had and taken in and from the Woods of His said Majesty, of and in the Foreft [or, late Forefl] of situate in the County of	for	or	in respect of

the Dwelling House, Cottage, Ancient Tenement or Hereditaments [or, of the several Dwelling Houses, Cottages, Ancient Tenements or Hereditaments] mentioned and deferibed in the Shedule hereunder written, at or for the Price or Sum of	;	which

Sum the said Commissioners [or, Surveyor General] have [or, hath] paid for and on behalf of His Majesty, unto me [or, us] [or, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery] being in full for the Purchase, Releafe or Extinguifhment of such Right [or, all such Rights] of Common of Eftovers for Fire Wood 5 which Right [or, all which Rights] shall for ever hereafter be merged and extinguilhe<F in the Freehold and Inheritance of the said Woods now veiled in His Majesty in Right of His Crown. Witnefs their Hands [or, his Hand] this	Day	of

Signed by the above- “J named	>

in the Prefence of us J

The SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Certificate.

| The Number under which 1 the Rights are entered in 1 the Foreft Books.	Defcription of the Tenements in respect of which they arise.	Quantity of Wood or  Number of Loads.
1		

T 3



SCHE-

*78

C70y 71-

54* GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (D.) to which this Aft refers.

LANDS belonging to the Foreft of Dean, authorized by tjris Aft to be fold.

DESCRIPTIONS  of the  LANDS.-	■ : ■ • By what^Names  known or called.	Eltimated Contents or  Quantities thereof.
One Traft or Piece or Par-") cel of Waite Land - J Do.  Do. - • -Do. : -Do. JL -Do* ^ ? -Do* » * ft, ■  Or howsoever otherwise the fai or Parcels of Land may be cal	Hudnalls  The Fence - ~ ‘ Mawkins ^ -The pearc<t: -The: Gtydden ■.  The Walmore -NcAhWhod’s Green -  d feveraj Trafts, Pieces [led, known or described. *	. A. R. P.  1,200 O O  44 O O 24 O O 102 OO’  .*4 0 *  240 0 0 600  Be their several Con- ' tents orDimenlions’* more or le(s.

CAP. LXXI.

An Aft to revive and continue^ until the Fifth Day of July One v thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Manitfafture of. . Maidftonc Geneva.	[17th	June	1814,]

51 G.3. c. xxx. 4 TT7 HEREAS it is expedient that so much of an Aft made in 1	* VV the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majefty

*	King George the Third, as is for permitting Sir William Bijhop and

*	George Bijhop to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thou-4 sand eight hundred and thirteen, the Manufafture of Maidftonc 4 Geneva, and for* charging the lame with certain Duties, Ihould c beTevived and continued’for a time to be limited 5* Be it therefore^ 4 enafte^ by The King’s Molt Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-mons, in tlik present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, so much of the said Aft fcs- permitted Sir William Bijhop and George Bijhop to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Manufafture of Maidftonc Geneva, an^ charged the fame with certain Duties, shall be and the fame is hereby re-

revived and con- yived, and shall remain and continue ih force from thenceforth until limitd.	and Upon ^ Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and

nineteen*

CAP.





AJ).i8i4»

54' GEO. in;

c- 7**7 3*	*79



CAP. LXXn.

An Aft for permitting a Trade between 77/<r Untied Provinces and certain Colonies now in His Majally’s PofTcftion.

v [17th June 1814.]

WHEREAS it has been deemed proper in the profcnt cir-cumftances to permit the Subjefts of The United Provinces ‘ to carry on Trade with the Colonies of Surinam, Demerary,

1 Efquiho, Berbice, Curacoa, Saint Eujlatia, Saba and Saint Martin>

*ih America and the IVeJt Indies, which formerly belonged to the * Government of The United States,- but have been furrenefcred to * HisMajefty’s Arms and are now in His Majcfty’s PofTcftion ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moll Excellent Mnj 'fty, by and # with the Advice and Gonfent»of the Lords tSprritual and Temporal,	*	»

and Commons, in thjs present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, it Subjects of * f shall and may be lawful for any Subjeft of The United Provinces and United Pro--refident there, in any Ship or VeiTel built in the Territory of The vinc*s permitted United Provinces, and 6wned by Subjefts of The United Provinces, ce^^Volonies * and navigated by a Mafter and Three Fourths of the Mariners, .Sub- on Condons jests of the said Province^, or. in any BritiJh’btnVtShip or Veflcl owned herein men-_ and oati rated accoVding to Law, to .import into the said Colonies tioned. from The United Provinces, and to export from the said Colonies to The United Provinces, and not directly to any other Place, all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as may now by Law be imported into the said Coionics, from Great Britain, or may now by Law be exported from the said Colonies to Great Britain, but no other Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, upon Payment in all cases of the lame Duties as are payable by British Subjefts in the said I Hand of Coionics, and upon entering into the fame Bonds and complying ► with the fame Conditions and Regulations as in the case of Rich Importation from and Exportation to Great Britain ; any thing in an Ad, palTed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majeiby King Charles the Second* intituled An A3 for the encouraging and increafnig 12 Car. 2. c. 18. %f Shipping and Navigation, or in any other Aft, to the contrary aotwithilanding. •	*	1

# * II. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Mafter or Matters of Vef-Commander of every such Ship or Veftel {Hall produce to the proper fek to produce Officer of The Cuftoms at the Port of Importation and Exportation, licence from * a Licence from the British Minifter resident in The United Provinces, Br‘U(h MimlUr. authorizing the Ship or Veflel to proceed on the said Voyage for Inch Importation and Exportation refpeftivelyv under Pain of the Forfeiture and Penalty provided in the said Aft, or in any other Aft, for Breach of the Law of Shipping and Navigation in His Majefty’s Colonies.	•

CAP. LXXIII.

An Aft to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, cerfain Additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain.	o	"	[17th June 1814.3

*	Y]ST HERE AS several *>f the Additional Duties of Excife

*	o • panted by an Aft ma'de in the Forty third Year of the, 43 X}. 3. c.81.

♦	*	Reign	of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for granting to His

T 4	4	Majefy,



23o

A.D.1814#

46 G. 3. c. 39. 46 G.3. c.ioa.

47 G.3. Sc(T. r. €.17.

Duties of Excife continued.

Duties how levied.

Application mid Extent of 1 enaltie.'.

C.73.	54° GEO. III.

*	Majefty, uni'll Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive

*	Treaty of Peace, certain Additional Duties of Excife in Great 1 Britain ; and certain Additional Duties of Excife on Tobacco and

*	Snuff imported into Great Britain, granted by another Aft made

*	in the Forty sixth Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, and the Duties 4 inserted, deferibed and fet forth in the Schedule marked (B.) an-4 nexed to another Aft made in the Forty sixth Year of His faid

*	Majefty’s Reign, and certain Additional Duties of Excife on Brandy, 4 Spirits, Aqua Vita or Strong Waters, imported into Great Britain, 4 granted by another Aft made in the Forty seventh Year of His said 4 Majefty’s Reign, will expire at certain limited times after the Rati-4 fication of the Definitive Treaty of Peace; and it is expedient to c continue the fame in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That such of the said Duties of Excife by the said Afts granted as are not repealed nor made perpetual, and would expire before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, shall be and the fame respectively are hereby continued until and upon that Day.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Additional Duties hereby continued shall and may be respectively railed, levied, collested, an-fwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, in such and the like manner and in or by any or either of the general or special means, ways or methods by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excife respectively upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities of the fame Sorts or Kinds respectively were or might be railed, levied, collested, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities so by the said Afts respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with Duties of Excife, or so entitled to Draw backs of Excife, as respectively inserted, deferibed and fet forth in the Schedules annexed to the said Afts»'lhall be and the fame are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulatioiis, Rules, Reilriftions and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares and Merchandize or Commodities were generally or specially subject or liable by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Aft respecting the Duties of Excife, and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Aft, made for securing the Revenue of Excife, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and the fame are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties and Drawbacks of Excife hereby continued, in as full, ample and beneficial manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, as if all and every the said Afts, Clauses, Proviiipns, Powers, Direftions, Fines, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, respectively were particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Aft.

\





CAP.

A.D.iSm-

C. 74—77-

281

54° GEO. III. CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.	[ 17th June 1814.]

CAP. LXXV.

An Aft for raising the Sum of One Million fcven hundred and sixteen thousand fix hundred and sixty fix Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence Iriflj Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.	[20th June 1814.]

44 IRISH Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent to bear “ Interdt. § 1. Bills issued not to exceed 1,716,6661. 13s. 4-d.

44 Ir'ijb Currency. Bills if not paid off, shall be taken in Payment u of the Revenue in Ireland, after such time as the Treasury shall “ appoint, and Intereft shall cease. $ 2, 3. Money to be carried to 44 the Irifb Confolidated Fund. $4. Bills to be chargeable thereon.

M £5. Bank of Ireland may advance the Sum of 1,716,666 k 13s.

44 4! Irijb Currency, on Credit of Ad. § 6.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Aft for raising the Sum of Twenty four Millions by way of Annuities.	[28th June	1814.]

u £5,500,000 Part thereof for Service of Ireland, $19.

[22,000,000b raifed9 c.3. ante. See c.8. ante.	3,000,000b	for

Service of Ireland, c. 85. pojl# See c. 89. pojl. Mijlake rectified, f. 139./>*/.]

C A P. LXXVII.

An Aft to* amend an Aft of the Fifty third Year of His pre-fent Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable on the Importation of Wine the Produce of the Cape of Good Hope, and its Dependencies, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof.	[28th June	1814.]

4 TtfTHEREAS the Duties imposed by an Aft made in the last 53 6. 3. c.S^. 4 W Seffion of Parliament, intituled An A3 for repealing the Table A.

4 Duties payable on the Importation of Wine, the Produce of the Cape 4 of Good Hope and its Dependencies, and charging other Duties in 4 iiei1 thereof\ on Wine the Produce of His Majefty’s Settlement of 4 the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependencies 4 thereof, imported into this Kingdom, are much lower than the 4 Duties by Law imposed on Wine, other than French Wine, and 4 the Difference of the said Duties may afford a Temptation to ill-4 disposed Perfons to import other Wine under Pretence that the 4 fame is Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, or of the Terri-4 tones or Dependencies thereofFor the Prevention whereof it is expedient to make such Provifion as is hereinafter mentioned : Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Firli Day of November

On«

L.ooQle

282

Affidavit of ]\ir-ticul.tr Defcrip-tion ot Wine delivered to Cviftom House Officer at Shipping of such Wine at Caj e of Good Hope, Sc C.

Penalty. Proceedings when no Juftice of Peace at the Settlement.

C. 77.	54°	GEO. Iir.	A.D.1814.

One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, any Perfon or Perfons loading on board any Ship or Veflel in His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope> or in the Territories or Dependencies thereof, any Wine as of the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, shall before the clearing out of such Ship or Veflel, produce and deliver to the Colledlor or other Principal Officer of the Cuftoms at the loading Port an Affidavit, iigned and sworn to before some Jultice of the Peace in the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, either by the Grower, Maker or Shipper of such Wine, or his or their known Agent cr Factor, expressing, in Words at Length and not in Figures, whether the fame is Red Wine or White Wine, and the particular Name by which such Wine is there commonly called or known, with the Number and Denomination of the Packages, specifying such Wine to be of the Produce of His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependencies thereof, to the belt of his Knowledge and Belief, and in which Affidavit the Perfon who brought or procured such Wine from such Grower or Maker shall .join ; which Affidavit shall be attested under the Hand of the said Jultice of the Peace to have been sworn to in his Preftnce, and such Juftice is hereby required so to attest the fame without Fee or Reward; and the Colleftor or other Principal Officer of the Cuftoms to whom such Affidavit shall be delivered, shall thereupon, without Fee or Reward, grant to the Mafter or other Perfon having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Veflel a Certificate under his Hand and Seal of Office of his having received such Affidavit, pursuant to the Dire£tions of this Ad; which Certificate shall express whether the said Wine shipped on board such Ship or Veflel is Red Wine or White Wine, and the Name by which the fame is there commonly called or known, with the Number and Denomination of the Packages in which the fame shall be shipped and contained ; and such Collector or other Principal Officer of the Cuftoms shall also (without Fee or Reward) within Ten Days after the failing of the Ship or Veflel, transmit an exact Copy of the said Affidavit to the Secretary’s Office for the said Settlement, on Forfeiture of Twenty Pounds ; Provided always never-theless, that if at any time there /hall not be any Juftice of the Peace at the said Settlement, or at any of the Territories or Dependencies thereof, where any Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies shall be loacted, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the Grower, Maker or Shipper of such Wine, or his or their known Agent or Factor, to make such Affidavit before the Collector and Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms, or any Two of them, at the Port or Place from whence such Wine shall be loaded on board the said Ship or Veflel (which Affidavit such Collector and Comptroller or other Chief Officer, or any Two of them, are hereby authorized and required to take) 5 and in the Certificate which the Colledor or other Principal Officer of the Cuftoms shall grant to such Mafter or other Perfon, such Collector or other Principal Officer shall also certify that there is not any Juftice of the Peace resident at the said Settlement, or the Territory or Dependency thereof, where such Wine shall have been so loacted; and upon the Importation of such Wine, the fame shall be admitted to Entry at the Low Duty to which such Wine would have been

liable



283

A.D.i3i4«

54° GEO. III.

C.77.

liable if this Act had not been made; anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enabled, That upon the Arrival of such Ship or \ eiTel into the Port of her Difcharge, either in Great Britain or any other Part of His Majefty’s Dominions where such Goods may be lawfully imported, the Mailer or other Perfon taking the Charge or Command of the laid Ship or Veflel, shall, at the time of making his Report of his Cargo, deliver the said Certificate to the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Cuftoms, and make Oath before him that the Goods so reported are the fame that are mentioned in the said Certificate, on Forfeiture of One hundred Pounds ; and if any such Wine shall be imported or found on board any Ship or Veflel for which no such Certificate shall be produced, or which shall not agree therewith, or which shall not be imported directly from the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, the fame shall be deemed and taken to be Foreign Wine, not of the Produce of His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependencies thereof, and shall be liable to the fame Duties, Reftridtions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures in all respects, as Wine, other than French Wine imported, would refpec-tively be liable to by Law: Provided always, that if any Wine shall be imported into Great Britain directly from the said Settlement, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, without being included in such Certificate as hereinbefore directed, and it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commifiioners of the Cuftoms or Eicife in England and Scotland relpedtively, or any Three or more of them respectively, that the Wine is really and truly the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, and that no Fraud was intended, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Commifiioners, or any Three or more of them respectively, to permit the said Wine to be entered, upon Payment of the Low Duty of Cuftoms or Excife (as the case may require) to which such Wine would have been liable if this A& had not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if the Importer, Proprietor or Confignee, Importers, Proprietors or Confignees of any Foreign Wines other than Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, shall enter or land the fame, or caufc, procure, permit or suffer the fame to be entered or landed as or for Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, the fame shall be forfeited, and the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Confignee or Confignees, knowingly entering or landing, or knowingly causing, procuring, permitting or fuf-fering to be entered or landed, any Foreign Wine, other than Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, as or for Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of Three hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further ena&cd, That all and every Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine shall keep all Red Wine in his, her or their Cullody or Poffefiion, the Produce of the Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope> or other Settlement, Territories

Certificate of Affidavit produced at Port of Ddchjrge.

Penaltr.

Provifo for Wine imported directly from Settlement, &c. not included in Certificate.

Lmding Wine as Produce of Cape that is not so.

Penalty.

Red Wine kept separate from White Wine by Dealers.





A.D. iS14'

Penalty.

Wine of Produce of Cape of Good Hope kept separate from other Foreign Wine in manner direeled by 26 O.3. c.JJ-5*3-

Permits for Rft-moval to diftiu-guifti Wine.

-6 G. 3. c. 59.

5tock taken in manner herein devuibed.

C.77.	54°GEO.Iir.

tories or Dependencies thereof, separate and apart, and in separate Bins, Casks, Bottles, Jars, VefTels/Utenlils, Piles, Parcels and Divi-iions, from all other Wine, and shall also in like manner keep all White Wine in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleflion, the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, separate and apart, and in separate Bins, Calks, Bottles, Jars, Vefleis, Utenfils, Piles, Parcels and Divisions, from all other Wine, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, shall specify and distinguish all Wine in his, her or their Cuflody or Pofleflion, the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, from all other Wine, in such and the like manner as he, she or they is or are by an Ad made in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excife, directed or required to specify or distinguish Foreign Wine, other than French Wine, from French Wine, and shall in like manner specify and distinguish all Red Wine in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleflion, the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, from all White Wine in his, her or their Cuftody or PofTefTion, the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, in such and the like manner as he, she or they is or are by the said last mentioned Ad directed or required to specify or distinguish French White Wine from French Red Wine, under, subject and according to the several Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, in or by the said Ad contained, provided, fettled or established for the specifying or dif-tinguifhing Foreign Wine, other than French Wine, from French Wine, or French Red Wine from French White Wine, as the case may require; and the said several Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures refjpeddvely, shall be used, applied, practised and put in Execution with respect to all Wine in the Cuftody or Pofleflion of such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Seliers, the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That every Permit to be granted or given for the Removal of any Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, shall distinguish such Wine from all other Wine according to the Denomination thereof specified in the Requeft Note, according to the Diredions of the said Ad made in the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid, and this Ad.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excife shall at any time or times discover or find that the Quan-tity of Red Wine or White Wine, the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, in the Stock of any Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, added to the Quantity for which Permits shall have been granted since the last Account w as taken of such Stock, and also to the Quantity or Quantities fold, sent out or consumed in small Quantities under Three Galions, since such last Account was taken, and for which proper Entries shall appear to be made in the Book for entering therein, such Wine as shall be fold, consumed or sent out, in small Quantities under Three

Galions,



54c GEO. III.	C.	77*	iSj

Galions, exceeds the Stock left in Hand on the taking of fucli last Account added to the Quantity of such Wine since received by Permit, the Quantity of Wine so found in Excess, whether the fame lhail be mixed or mingled, or unmixed or unmingled, shall be deemed and taken to be made by Wine for which no Duty has been paid, and which had been privately brought in by such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Seliers, without Permit, and a Quantity equal to the Quantity of Wine so found in Excefs shall be forfeited and loft, and Wine found in (hill and may be seized and taken by the Officer or Officers of Excefs foiieiteJ. Excife who shall discover the fame, from and out of the said Stock or Stocks in which such Quantity of Wine shall be found in Excess; and the Perfon or Perfons, in whose Stock such Quantity of Wine so found in Excefs shall be difcoyered or found, shall also forfeit Double pcluj the Value of the Quantity of Wine so found in Excefs.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Dealer or Dealers Mixing Wine. h or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine shall mix or mingle any Red

Wine or White Wine in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofsession, of the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, with or among any other Wine, or shall give Notice to any Officer or Officers of Excife to have paeked, or shall enter for Exportation, any Red Wine or White Wine the Produce of the said Settlement, Territories or Dependencies, mixed or mingled with any other Wine, then and in such case the Dealer or Dealers or Seller or Sellers so offending flulJ, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, and all the Wine so mixed or mingled shall Penalty, be forfeited.

IX.	And be it further enaftqd, That all Fines, Penalties and For- Penalties how features imposed by this Ad, an4 incurred in Great Britain, shall be recovered, &c. sued for, recovered, levied or ntitigated, by such ways, means or

methods, as any Fine, Penalty or forfeiture may be filed for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any* Law or Laws of Excife, or by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, f.i-ll Lc to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succcffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the fame.

X.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Powers of Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufcs, Matters and former Acts ex -Things, which, in and bv an Ad made in the Twelfth Year of the

Reign of King Charles tne Second, intituled An Ad for taking away 1* Jr‘a* C‘24# the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or in or by the said A d made in the Twenty 26 G. 3. c.59. fixtn Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, or by any other Law now in force, relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, are provided and established for managing, rafsing, levying, colleding, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or afeertaming the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, or for preventing, deteding or punching Frauds relating thereto (other than and in such cases for which other Penalties or Provifions are made and preferibed by this Ad), shall be practised, used and put in Execution in and for the Purpofes of this Ad, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules,

Direc-





V.Z6	C. 77,78.	54"	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1814.

Direftions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enabled in this present Aft.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Aft to repeal so much of an Aft palled in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, and of another Aft palled in the Twenty eighth Year of TIis present Majesty, as respects the Removal of Wool, within a certain Diliance of the Sea.	[28th	June	1814.]

9&10W.3.	« YT7 HERE AS an Aft parted in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the

C*4c*	* VV Reign of His Majesty King William the Third, intituled yin.

4 Aft for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made 4 again)} Tranfportation of Wooly Fullers Earth and Scouring Clay 2$ G. 3. c.38.	1 And Whereas another Aft parted in the Twenty eighth Year of

4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to explain,

*	amend and reduce into one Aft of Parliament, federal Laws no rev in 4 being for preventing the Exportation of live Sheep, Rams and Lambs 9 4 Wool, Woolf ells y MortlingSy Shortlings, Tarn and Worjled, Cruris,

4 Coverlids, Waddings and other Manufactures, or pretended Manu-

*	failures, made of Wool Jhghtly wrought up9 or otherwise put toge-4 ther, so as the fame may be reduced to and made use of as IVool 4 again; Mattraffes or Beds fluffed with combed Wool or Wool Jit 4 for combing ; Fullers Earthy Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Cl lay 9 4 from this Kingdom, and from the IJles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alder-4 ney, Sark and Man, into Foreign Parts ; and for rendering more 4 ejfcftual an Aft passed in the Twenty third Tear of the Reign of King 4 Henry the Eighth, intituled An Aft for the Winding of Wool: And 4 Whereas the Proviiions of the said Afts as to the giving Notice of

*	Wool rtiorn and removed, and taking Certificate of Entry in the

*	Counties of Kent and Suffejc; and to the entering or certifying any 4 Wool before loading or carrying or removal thereof, and giving

*	Notice and taking Certificate thereof, or of any Wool or Fleeces

*	(horn, and giving Bond before the Sale or Purchafe respectively of

*	any Wool, and requiring Permits for thc-L^moval, have been found 4 to be productive of great Inconvenience ; and it is therefore expe-

*	dient that the fame should be repealed ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That so much of the said recited Afts as requires that Notice shall be given or Entry made by the Owner or Owners of Wool shorn or housed, or laid up or lodged, within Ten Miles of the Sea Side ; or as requires any Certificate of any Wool or Number of Fleeces fliom or housed, or removed or disposed of; or as requires Notice or Hond to be given or Entry made or any Permit to be taken out or licensed Certificate or other Inftrument before the Removal of any Wool ; or as requires any Certificate to be taken from any Officer ; or as prohibits any Perfons reiiding near the Sea from felling or buying1 Wool without having entered into Bond; or as subjects to Forfeiture, Wool carried towards the Sea Side, unless the fame has been en-

in part repealed, tered ; or as subjects Wool iirft found within Ten Miles of the Sea to Forfeiture, if afterwards lodged within Fifteen Miles of the Sea ; or as subjects any Wool or any Horfca or Carriages carrying the fame 15	betweea

CjOOQle

A.D.1814.	54°	GEO,	III.

between Sun-fet and Sun-rife to any Forfeiture, ftiall be aud the fame is hereby repealed.

C.78—81.	287

CAP. LXXIX.

An Aft for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.	[ift	July	1814.]

“ TREASURY empowered to raise 6,ooo,oool. by Exchequer 44 Bills, in manner preferibed by 48 G.3. c. 1.— § 1, 2. Treasury “ to apply the Money railed. $ 3. Principal of said Bills charged 44 on firll Supplies of next Seflion. 4. Intcrelt thereon of 3 Id*

44 per Cent, per Diem, £ 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exche-41 quer after April 5, 1815. § 6, Bank of England empowered to u advance 6,000,oool. on Credit of Aft, notwithllanding 5 8c 6 IV,

44 & M. c, 20.—§ 7.

CAP. LXXX.

An Aft for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.	[ill	July	1814.]

£0/i the Hie Terms at under c. 79. of this SeJ/ion,']

CAP. LXXXI.

An Aft to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and to amend several Afts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Irelandy and to grant until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred tnd fifteen certain new Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods,

Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland, and to make further Regulations for securing the Collefticn of the said Duties.	[ift	July	1814.]

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	YY7HEREAS an Aft was made in the Forty fifth Year of 45 G.3. c. 18.

•	YV His present Maiefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for granting

•	to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand 4 eight hundred andJix9 certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain

*	Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize im-4 ported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu offormer Rates and 4 Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties : And Whereas an Aft was made

4 in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled 46 G. 3. c. 61.

4 An Aft for granting unto His Majesty, until the Twenty ninth Day 4 of September One thousand eight hundred and fix, certain Duties 4 on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on 4 the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar and Tea, into and 4 from Ireland: And Whereas an Aft was made in the Forty 47 G 3 x* 4 feveitth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, to repeal part of C*3X«

4 the

v^.ooQle

C.8:.

5T geo. III.

A.D.1814.

47 G. 3. SefT. 2,

C.16.

47 G. 3. ScfT. 2, c.18.

46	G. 3. u’. 12. 120.

47	G. 3. Sc IT. 2.

r. 1.

4V> G. 3. c. So. 4.; G. 3. c. 74.

50	G.3. c. 97.

51	G.3. c.58. 51 G. 3. c. 84

<2 G. 3. c 69.

5i.

53 °-3. c.55.

Rates and

Duties ar.d Drawbacks and Bounties granted *nd allowed continuvd:

, * the Duties on the Importation 6f unmnnufadlured Tobacco into

*	Ireland: And Whereas another Adi was made in the Forty € seventh Year of His present Majelly’s Reign, intituled yin /Id to 4 grant to His Majrfty, until the Fifth Day of.July One thousand eight 4 hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow 4 Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Mer-4 chandize into and from Ireland : And Whereas another Adi was 4 made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majelly’s Reign,

*	to provide for the Decreafe and Sufpcnfion in certain cases, of Part 4 of the Countervailing Duty on British Refined Sugar imported into 4 Ireland: And Whereas such of the said Adis as were temporary 1 were continued by several Adis palled in the Forty sixth and Forty € seventh Years of His present Majelly’s Reign, and by an Act palTed

*	in the Forty'eighth Year of His present Majelly’s Reign the faid

*	recited Adis were amended and continued 5 and by an Adi made

*	in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majelly’s Reign, the faid

*	recited Adis were further continued; and by an Adi made in the

*	Fiftieth Year of His present Majelly’s Reign, the said recited

*	Adis were continued and further amended: And Whereas by an

*	Adt made in the Fifty firll Year of His present Majelly’s Reign,

*	certain Duties were granted on Cocoa Nuts imported into Ireland: 4 And Whereas an Adi was made in the Fifty lirlt Year of the Reign

*	of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to continue until the Fifth 4 Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to amend 4 several Ads for granting certain Rates and Duties, andfor allowing 4 certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize 4 imported into and exported from Ireland ; and to grant to His Majesty 4 until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and 4 twelve, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and 4 to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares 4 and Merchandize into and from Ireland : And Whereas fuch

*	of the said Adis as were temporary were further continued by 4 an Adi made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majefty’s 4 Reign : And Whereas an Adi was made in the last Sefiion of Par-4 liament, intituled An A3 to continue until the Fifth Day of July One 4 thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and to amend several Ads for 4 granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Draw-

*	backs and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported 4 into and exported from Ireland ; and to grants until the said Fifth 4 Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, certain new 4 and additional Duties on the Importation, ana to allow Drawbacks 4 on the Exportation, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into 4 and from Ireland; and it is expedient, that all the said recited

*	Adis, and also the several Rates and Duties granted and the 4 Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by them, or any of them, fhould

*	be further continued in manner hereinafter mentioned;’ Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Rates and Duties granted and the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by the said recited Adis, or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, fiiali rcfpcdlively continue and be in force throughout Ireland, upon and from and after the said Fifth Day of July One

thoufand





A,D.i8r4"

C. 81.

289

54^ GEO. III.

thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, except the Rates, Duties and Drawbacks upon the several Articles upon which new and other Rates, Duties and Drawbacks are by any of the laid Acts, or by this Ad, imposed, granted or allowed, and except filch Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar of the Britf/h Plantations, and on Refined Sugar, under the said recited AcE, or any of them, as are provided for by an Ad made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft to prov ide more ejfeftually for regulatin'* the Dra wbacks and Bounties •n the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be IVarehoufed in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight ; which laid lad recited Ad, by an Act palfed in this present Sefiion of Parliament, is continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen ; and that the said recited Ads (except as atoresaid, and except also as they are altered or repealed by each other, or by this Act, or by any other Ad), and all the Powers and Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Ads, or any of them, shall be observed and complied with during the Term hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the said Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, and the said Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things had been by the said recited Ads, or any of them, extended to the .Term hereby granted, and as if the Term hereby granted had made part of the said recited Ads, or any of them ; and that the several Articles in respect whereof any Rate or Duty is granted or imposed or continued, or any Drawback or Bounty is allowed by the said recited Ads, or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall respectively be and remain liable to the Rates and Duties* and shall be entitled to the Drawbacks and Bounties (except as aforefaid) allowed in respect thereof, under the Regulations and Provifions of the said recited Ads, upon, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad.	c,	129.	§	8.	poflT\

II. And be it further enacted, That all Monies to arise from the Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence imposed by the said first recited Ad of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, upon every Entry Inwards and Outwards in the Port of Dublin (except as in the said Ad is excepted) shall be received by the Colic-dor of the said Port, who is hereby authorized to demaud and receive the fame, and shall be by him paid at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland; and the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, shall cause so much of the said Duty as shall result from Sixpence, Part of the said Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence, to be paid to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange in the City of Dublin, to be by them applied towards keeping the fame in Repair, and towards the Difcharge of the Wages of Servants employed therein, and shall cause so much of the said Duty as shall result from the remaining Two Shillings of the said Duty, to be paid to or for the Ufe of the Corporation forereding Buildings for Commercial Purpofes in 54 Geo. HI.	U	Dublin,

Exception.

47 G3. Self. r. c.19.

c. 7. § 1. ante. Exception.

Apr licaiion of 2s. 6d. Duff inpofed by 4S G.3 c.l8. Sch. 1).



29°

C. 81.

45 G. y e. 18. *

Duties and Drawbacks fpe-cified in Schedule annexed levied and paid.

Duties,&c. paid In british Currency.

Confolidated

Fund.

Duties, &c. paid according to Tale, &c.

54° GEO. IIL	A.D. 1814

Dublin, to be by them applied in manner required by the said recited Adt of the Forty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, until any Corporation shall be established for the Purpofe of erecting a Corn Exchange in the City of Dublin; and whenever any such intended Corporation shall obtain a Charter of Incorporation from His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccelTors, then the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland shall cause so much of the said Duty as shall result from Two Shillings thereof, to be paid to or for the Ufe of such last mentioned Corporation, to be applied by such Corporation, in the first place, to discharge any Debt due from the said Corporation for erecting Buildings for Commercial Purpofes in Dublin, and the Remainder of such Sum shall be applied towards discharging the Interefl of such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds in the whole, as may have been or shall be borrowed for erecting and finishing such Corn Exchange, and towards the Difeharge of the Principal Sum so borrowed, and for no other Purpose, and to be duly accounted for before the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Ireland.	c.	129.

$ ii» />«/?•]

* III. And Whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of

*	Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament afiembled, towards railing 4. the necessary Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for the Sup-

*	port of Your Majefty’s Government, have resolved to grant to 4 Your Majesty the several new Duties hereinafter mentioned, upon 4 certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Ireland;y and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and during the Continuance of this A&, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, in ready Money (except as hereinafter is provided), without any Dif-count whatever upon the Importation of the several Goods, Ware* and Merchandize mentioned and fet forth in the Schedule (a) to thi*

, A& annexed, imported into Ireland, the several Duties inlerted, described and fet forth in Figures in the said Schedule; and that there shall also be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks in refpe£b of the said Duties, as the fame are respectively inserted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the (aid Schedule; and that the said Duties and Drawbacks in the said Schedule specified, shall be in lieu and in Head of all Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland, upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Sorts, under or by virtue of any A& or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of thi# Ad.	(a) [Schedule repealed, 1.129. £8* poJl.~]

IV. And be it further enacted. That all the Duties and Drawbacks in and by the said Schedule to thi* Ad annexed, granted and allowed, specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and payable and received and receivable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, and, that all the said Duties shall be carried to and made Part of tne Confolidated Fund of Ireland} and that all the said Duties and Drawbacks in and by the said Schedule granted and allowed, specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and allowed according to the Tale, Weight, Measure, Gauge or Value of the said Article* refpedfcively specified, and also io proportion upon

any

v^ooQle

A.D. 1814.

C.81.

291

540 GEO. III.

any greater or less Number, Weight, Quantity or Measure, or Value of such Articles, Matters and Things rcfpe&ively.	f See c. 120.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Duty p?id on Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, during the White or Biy Continuance of this Adi, there shall be raised, levied, collected and Saltern* th p « paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, upon the Impor- r uceot tation into Ireland of any White or Bay Salt, not being the Growth,

Produce or Manufadlure, of Great Britain, the Duty following; that is to fay,

For and upon every Bufhel of such White or Bay Salt, weighing Fifty fix Pounds, the Sum of Two Shillings Irijh Currency:

Which said Duty hereby granted shall be in lieu and instead of any former Duty payable on the Importation of such Salt, and that upon the Exportation of such Salt from Ireland (except to Great Britain), Exportation, there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the Duty which Drawback.

shall have been paid on the Importation of the fame. [See c. 129.

{ 8. and Scb. fojl^

VI.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Bounty paid on Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and during the Continuance of this Adi, upon the Exportation from	that

Inland to any Place except Great Britain, of any Beef, Pork, has paid Duty. Tongues, Hams or Bacon, salted in Ireland with Salt which shall have paid the Duty imposed by this Adi (£), or with Salt the Growth, Produce or Manufadiure of Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed to the Exporter of such Beef, Pork, Tongues,

Hams or Bacon, an Allowance or Bounty in the way of Drawback for or in refpedi of the Duties charged upon such Salt used in the faking of such Beef, Pork, Tongues, Hams or Bacon, after the Rate of One Shilling Irijh Currency for each and every One hundred Pounds Weight thereof; which said Bounty, hereby allowed and made payable, shall be in lieu and instead of any former Allowance or Bounty in the way of Drawback on such salted Pro-vifions refpediively.	(h)	e.	129.	§	8.	poJW\

• VII. And be it further enadied, That when any Perfon shall Duty repaid oa make use of any Salt in the Procefs of Bleaching, or in the making Snlt used ?n of Muriatic Acid which shall be used in the Procefs of Bleaching, Bleaching, or in such Perfon shall be entitled to receive, and the Colledlor ol the makinv. ofMuri-Cuiloms in the Diftridt within which such Salt shall have been irn- atic Acid, ported or made, shall repay to such Perfon all Duties which shall have been paid on the said Salt, on his making it appear to the Satisfaction of the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties that such Salt had paid all Duties due thereon, and had been made Ufe of in the Procefs of Bleaching, or in the making of Muriatic Add for that Purpofe.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation from Drawback il-Irtland of any Coffee, the Growth or Produce of the Britifb lowed onExport-Co\ome»in the West Indies, and which on the Importation thereof at ion of Coffee, into Ireland shall have paid the Duty imposed thereon under the 48 G. 3. c. 80. hereinbefore recited Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty195 *

Udgu, there shall be paid and allowed to the Exporter of such Coffee 1 Drawback of Seven peace British Currency per Pound Weight, m respect of the Duty imposed by the said recited Aft. tS<*c,i29.f8	^	7

V 2	«	IX.	And





2$2

Coffee in Packages of not less than icolb. imported into and exported from Ireland.

Wines paying Duty under 53 G.3. c.35. entitled to Drawback on Exportation.

Inftead of Duties under former Afts, following Duties paid on French Wines.

Duties.

Exportstion.

Drawbacks.

C. 8l.

54° GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

4 IX. And Whereas it is expedient to allow Coffee to be im-4 ported into and exported from Ireland in Packages of One hundred Pounds Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, it shall be lawful to import into and export from Ireland any Coffee in Packages containing not less than One hundred Pounds Avoirdupoife ; any thing in this or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwith(landing.

X.	And be it further enacted, That any Perfon who at any time since the palling of the hereinbefore first recited Aft of the lafl Selfion of Parliament shall have exported, or who at any time after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall export from Ireland any such Wines as in the said recited Aft are mentioned and deferibed, and on which the respective additional Duties of Excife imposed by the said recited Aft shall have been fully paid and satisfied, shall he entitled to and shall receive a Drawback equal to the Duty by the said recited Aft imposed on such Wines refpeftivcly, and which shall have been actually paid on the fame.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and during the Continuance of this Aft, in lieu and instead of the Duties payable in Ireland on the Importation of the Wines hereinafter mentioned under any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland at the time of the pafling of this Aft, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Ufe of His Majessy, his Heirs and Sue-ceffors, for and upon the Wines hereafter mentioned which shall be imported into Ireland after the Fifth Day of July, or the Duties payable on the Import of which shall not have been duly paid and discharged at any time before the said Fifth Day of July, the several and respective Duties following; that is to fay,

For and upon each and every Tun containing Two hundred and fifty two Gallons of French Wine, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Sum of One hundred and thirty five Pounds and Twelve Shillings British Currency :

For and upon each and every fucli Tun of French Wine, imported in Foreign Shipping, the Sum of One hundred and thirty nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings British Currency:	[*Ser	c. 129. $8. and

Sch. A.poJl.~]

And that upon the Exportation of any French Wine which shall have paid the said Duties imposed by this Aft, or in respect of which any Repayment or Allowance shall have been made under this Aft in manner hereinafter mentioned, there shall be paid in lieu of all Drawbacks on Wine of the like Sorts the several and respective Drawbacks following ; that is to fay,

For and upon every such Tun of French Wine exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to any British Settlement in the East Indies, to China, to Brazil, or to any other of the Territories or PofTtllions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Sum of One hundred and twenty fix Pounds Three Shillings Brit JbCurrency: For and upon every such Tun of French Wine, exported to any other Country or Place, the Sum of One hundred and twenty one Pounds Four Shillings British Currency.	[See c. 129. fS.

Mnd Sch* A» poJIA

XI. Provided



A.D.i8i4»

C. 8i.

54* GEO. III.

293

XII.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That the former Draw- Former Draw-

backs, payable by Law on the Exportation of any such Wines backs to continue from Ireland in rcfped of any former Duties thereon, shall remain on Exportation and continue payable on the Exportation of such Wines only whereon ofme where-the whole of such former Duty shall have been fully paid and satisfied,	U	^

and in respect of which no Repayment or Allowance shall have been

made under this Ad in manner hereinafter mentioned ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife not with Handing.

XIII.	And be it further emitted. That upon all French Wines Allowance on which on the fiid Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred French Wine iit and fourteen shall be in the Stores or Warehouses, or in the Cultody, Warehoule. Power or PolTclIion of any Merchant or Importer of or Dealer in,

or Factor, Seller or Retailer of such Wine, and which shall have been charged with and (halt have paid all Duties payable on the Importation thereof, and all Duties imposed on the fame, in the Stores, Warehouses, Cullody, Power or PoiTeffion of such Mereliant,

Importer, Dealer, Fador, Seller or Retailer, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Irehiml> immediately before the palT-ing of this Act, there Hull be received and allowed the Repayment or Allowance following, in respect of the Duties so heretofore paid thereon ; that is to fay.

For and upon every Tun, containing Two hundred and fifty two Gallons of such French Wine, the Sinn of Three Pounds Thirteen Sellings and Six pence British Currency, which Repayment or Allowance shall be paid and allowed in manner directed by this Ad.

XIV.	And, for ascertaining the Stock of French Wines belonging to all Merchants, Importers of. Factors and Dealers in, or Sellers or Retailers of such Wines, on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in order to the making such Repayment or Allowance thereon to such Merchants, Importers,

Factors, Dealers, Sellers and Retailers respect ively, be it further

enacted, That every such Mereliant, Importer, Factor, Dealer, Mode of afcer-Seller or Retailer, who shall respectively have any such French taining Stock of Wines in his, her or their PoiTeffion, in any Warehouse, Store French Wine*. Room, Shop, Celiar, Vault or other Place, or in the Cullody or PoiTeffion of any other Perfon, for his or her Ufe (other than and except such Wines as may be in any of His Majelly’s Warehoufes for Security of the Duties thereon), and who shall claim any Repayment or Allowance under this A61, in respect of the Duties heretofore paid on any such French Wine, shall within One Calendar Month after the palling of this Ad, deliver at the Office of the Colledor of Excife of the Dillrict in which such Wine shall have been on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, a just, tiraef and particular Account in Writing of the Quantity of - f $*V. such French or other Wine, which on the said Fifth Day of July shall have so been in the Cullody or PoiTeffion of such Mereliant,

Importer, Fador, Dealer, Seller or Retailer in every such Warehoufe or other Place, or in the Cullody or PoiTeffion of any Perfon for his or her Ufe (except as aforefaid), deferibing the Places in which the fame shall be and the Situation thereof, and dillinguilhing whether such Wines are Red or White ; and all Wines in Bottles shall be accounted for, according to the Number of Bottles, without expressing the Number of Gallons of Wine contained in such Bottles, but estimating the Number of such Gallons in the whole by a fair

U 3	Calculation



C. 81.

294

54' GEO. III.	A.D.	1814.

Oath:

Penalty.

Officers of Excite may enter Premites of Dealers in Wine, and take an Account of Stock of French Wines.

Penalty.

Calculation made on the actual Contents of any given Number of such Bottles indifferently chosen ; and every such Mereliant, Importer, Factor, Dealer, Seller or Retailer, shall make Oath, or if a Quaker, a solemn Affirmation, before the Colle&or of Excife of the District, that such Account is a just and true and perfect Account of all such Wines as aforesaid, which Oath or Affirmation such Colle&or is hereby authorized to administer; and every such Mereliant, Importer, Factor, Dealer, Seller or Retailer, or other Perfon, who shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, any false or untrue Account, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds British Currency.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That, for the Purpofes of this A&, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excife, at any time within Two Calendar Months next after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to enter into all or any of the Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Celiars, Vaults, and any other Places of any such Mereliant, Importer, Dealer, Fa&or or Seller of such Wine, whether by Wholefale or Retail, who shall have delivered in any such Account as aforesaid, for the Purpofe of claiming any such Repayment or Allowance of the Duty on any such French Wine as aforesaid, and into any Place where any such French Wine belonging to any such Mereliant, Importer, Dealer, Fadlor or Seller shall in such Account be de-feribed to be, and by tailing, gauging or otherwise to take an Account of the Quantity and Quality of all such French Wine on which such Repayment or Allowance shall be so claimed, and then and there found in the Cuflody of or belonging to any such Mereliant, Importer, Dealer, Fa&or or Seller in any Cafk or in any VefTel except Bottles; and also to take an Account of all fuen French Wines on which such Repayment or Allowance shall be claimed, as shall then and there be found in Bottles, in any other manner than by tailing the fame, or by uncorking and opening the Bottles containing such Wine (unlefs with the Confent of the Proprietor) for the Purpofe of ascertaining the Number of Gallons therein, in manner aforesaid; and in case of Refufal of such Confent the Quantity contained in such Bottles shall not be included in the Account taken by such Officer, nor in the Quantity for which any such Repayment or Allowance shall be granted or allowed; and if any Officer or Officers of Excife, on Demand made by him or them at any such Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Celiar, Vault or other Place, shall not be admitted therein, or shall not be suffered to take an Account of all such Wines, in manner aforesaid, or if such Mereliant, Importer, Dealer, Factor, Seller or Retailer, or Perfon having the Cuftody or PofTeffion of such Wines, shall neglect or refuse to (hew, or cause to be (hewn to such Officer all such Wines in respect of which such Repayment or Allowance shall be claimed as aforesaid in every such Warehoufe or other Place respectively, every such Perfon respectively into or in whose Warehoufe or other Place such Officer shall not be admitted or shall not be suffered to take such Account; and every such Perfon who shall refuse or neglcdl to shew or cause to be shewn to such Officer all such Wines as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence or Default, respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds jBritijb Currency.

XVI. And

QjOOQle

A<D»i$i4*

54® GEO. HI.

C. 81.

*95

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That in £afe of any Difpute Officers may between any Officer of Excife and any such Mereliant, Importer* take Sample Dealer, Factor, Seller or Retailer of such French or other Wine, on

which such Repayment or Allowance shall be claimed as aforesaid, as to the Nature or Species of any particular Wine, and the Country of which it is the Growth or Produce, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer of Excife, and every such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered, to take at any time or times a Sample or Samples not exceeding One Quart of any such Wine, whether in Bottles or in Calks, or in any other VefTcl or Velleis, paying for such Wine Samples paid the usual Price thereof 5 and if such Officer or Officers shall not be for. permitted to take such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, upon his offering to pay for the fame after the Rate aforesaid, or shall in any wife be obflrufted or hindered by any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever in taking such Sample or Samples, the Merchant or Importer of or Seller or Dealer in such Wine, or other Perfon in whose Cuftody such Wine shall be, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds 5 and no such Mereliant, Importer, Seller or Penalty. Dealer, or other Perfon shall be entitled to any Repayment or Allowance under this Aft, in respect of any Wines of which such Sample shall be refused as aforesaid 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithllanding.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every such Officer to mike Officer and Officers of Excife who shall take Account of such a Return of Wines, shall make a Return or Report of the fame to the Colleftor pH?Vx?ncc t0 of Excife of the District, and shall insert in such Return or Report e °r*

the Amount of the Repayment or Allowance which shall be payable under this Aft to any such Mereliant, Importer, Dealer, Faftor,

Seller or Retailer respectively, in respect of the Duties heretofore paid on such Wine by such Mereliant, Importer, Dealer, Faftor,

Seller or Retailer respectively 5 and such Return or Report shall af-certain the Amount of such Repayment or Allowance, in case such Return or Report shall contain a Quantity equal to or less than the Quantity comprised in the respective Accounts hereinbefore directed to be returned by the Parties respectively to whom such Wine shall belong, and who shall claim any such Drawback or Allowance 5 but in case the Quantity contained in any such Account of any such Parties shall be less than the Quantity contained in the Account of any Officer so to be taken as aforesaid, or if no such Account shall be taken by such Officer, then such Repayment or Allowance shall be calculated by the Collector, to whom any Account shall be delivered by the Parties as aforesaid according to the Quantity contained in such Account of such Parties and verified upon Oath or Affirmation of such Parties, in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Accounts, Accounts, ate. Returns and Reports so to be made under this Aft either by the trsmfmitted to Officers of Excife or by the Parties claiming such Drawback or Commiffioners

Allowances, shall be transmitted by the Colleftors of Excife who ?f ,Exf n *,nd shall receive the fame to the Commissioners of Excife and Inland Dublin! ^ Duties in DubUn; and the said Commissioners shall thereupon provide for the said Repayment or Allowance as aforesaid, to the Per-Ions claiming and entitled to the fame, in such manner and at such tunes at the said Commissioners, by any Order to be made by them, or any Three of them, shall direct and appoint.

U4

XIX. And





tg6

Levant Good* imported under

0*3 * 153-liible to Duties payable to Levant Company.

Liquors and Tobacco Deic-lidfc, Sic. liable to lame Duties as Liquors and Tobacco regularly imported.

Payment of Duties on Liquors and Tobacco Dere-Sec- i'ecured.

C.81.	54®GEO. III.	A.D.1S14,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Produce of Countries within the Levant Seas, imported into Ireland under the Authority of an Aft made in the Forty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An /l8 to permit, during the Continuance of Hojlilities, and until Six Months after the Rat ifcation of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in Neutral Veffels from States in Amity with His Majr/ly of certain Goods, IVares and Merchandize ; and to empower His Majcfly, by Order in Couneil, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper ; and to permit the Importation in Neutral Veffels from States not in Amity with His Majesty of certain Goods, Waret and Merchandize, shall be subject and liable to the Duties payable by Law in Ireland to the Levant Company in like manner as if such Goods, Wares aud Merchandize had been imported into Ireland directly from Turkey.

4 XX. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Foreign Li-* quors and Tobacco Derelict, Jetfam, Flotfam, Lagan or Wreck, 4 brought or coming into Ireland, are by the Laws now in force in 4	Ireland	fubjeft and liable to	the Payment of Duties; and	fuch

4	Foreign	Liquors and Tobacco	have by reason of such Doubts	been

4 sometimes fold and carried into Confumption without any Duties 4 having been paid for or in respect thereof, to the great Lofs of 4	His Majefty’s Revenue and	Injury of Perfons dealing in	fuch

4	Liquors	and Tobacco, for or	in respect whereof the Duties	have

4 been paid on ImportationBe it therefore enabled. That all such Liquors and Tobacco Derelict, Jetfam, Flotfam, Lagan or Wreck, brought or coming into Ireland, are and shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the fame Duties as Liquors and Tobacco of the like Kind regularly imported are by any Law or Laws now in force in Ireland subject and liable to, and shall also be entitled to such Drawbacks and be subject to such Allowances and Abatements as Liquors and Tobacco of the like Kind regularly imported are entitled and subject to ; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwith-flandmg.

XXI.	And, for the better securing the Payment of the Duties upon such Liquors and Tobacco respectively, be it further enacted. That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, all and every Perfon and Perfons bringing into Ireland, or finding or difeovering on the Coaft of Ireland, any Foreign Liquors or Tobacco Derelict, Jetfam, Flotfam, Lagan or Wreck for or in respect whereof any Duty of Cuftoms or Excife is by Law im-pofed in Ireland, shall within Twenty four Hours next after he, she or they shall have so brought, found or difeovered such Liquors or Tobacco, if the fame be found on Land, or within Twenty four Hours next after the fame shall have been landed, if the fame be found at Sea, give Notice thereof to the next Cullom House or Excife Office, or to some neighbouring Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, specifying the Place where such Liquors or Tobacco then lie or are depoiited, and the proper Officers of Cuftoms and Excife shall thereupon forthwith take a particular Account of the Kinds and Quantities of such Liquors or Tobacco, and shall demand of the Perfon or Perfons in wliofe Pofleffion such Liquors or Tobacco may be, or who shall have found or brought to Land the fame, the full Duties of Cuftoms and

Excife



C. 81*

297

AJD.1814.	54*	GEO. III.

Excife due In respect thereof; and in case such Duties ffiall not on such Demand be paid by such Perfon or Perfons, the said Officer of Cuftoms or Excife ffiall cause such Liquors or Tobacco to be safely and securely lodged and deposited in a Warehoufe or Warehouses, to be kept in such Warehoufe or Warehouses, under His Majelly’s Lock, until the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife payable for or in respect thereof ffiall be paid and satisfied, or until such Liquors or Tobacco Hull be fold in manner hereinafter mentioned ; and if any Perfon or Perfons ffiall, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thou-fand eight hundred and fourteen, bring into Ireland, or find or dif-cover on the Coafts of Ireland, any Foreign Liquors or Tobacco Derelict, Jetfam, Flotfam, Lagan or Wreck, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Cuftoms or Excife is by Law imposed in Ireland, and ffiall not give such Notice thereof as aforesaid, every such Perfon and Perfons ffiall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pound. Briti/b Currency; and if any Perfon or Perfons ffiall, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, remove, open or alter in Quantity or Quality, or cause to be removed, opened or altered in Quantity or Quality, or aid or aiM in the removing, opening or altering in Quantity or Quality any such Liquors or Tobacco, or ffiall break, fever or deilroy or cause to be broken, fevered or dcllroyed, or aid or afliit in the breaking, fevering or destroying any of the Cafes or Packages containing any such Liquors or Tobacco before such Liquors or Tobacco ffiall have been taken an Account of by the proper Officers of Cuftoms and Excife as aforesaid, and before the said Liquors or Tobacco ffiall be by them lodged and depolited in a Warehoufe or Warehoufes as aforesaid, every such Perfon and Perfons so offending ftiall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sura of One hundred Pounds Brit'ijh Currency; and all such Liquors and Tobacco respectively so removed, opened or altered in Quantity or Quality, together with the Calks and other Packages respectively containing the lame, ffiall be forfeited, and the fame respectively ftiall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife: Provided always, that if the Duties on such Liquors and Tobacco ffiall not be paid or discharged within Eighteen Months next after the said Liquors and Tobacco ffiall be lodged and deposited in such Warehoufe or Warehoufes a9 aforesaid, it ftiall be lawful for the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Impoft f Duties, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to fell and dispose of such Liquors or Tobacco, or any Part thereof, for and towards the satisfying the Duties payable in respect of such Liquors and Tobacco, and also the Cofts, Charges and Expences attending the conveying such Liquors and Tobacco to such Warehoufe or Warehouses, and of the Keeping and Sale of such Liquors and Tobacco, rendering the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising by the said Sale after Payment of the said Duties, CoiU, Charges and Expences to such Perfon or Perfons as ffiall be by Law entitled to the fame ; and if upon such Liquors and Tobacco being put up or offered to Sale no Perfon or Perfons ftiall offer or bid for the fame as much or more Money than the Duties payable in respect thereof, together with the Warehoufe Rent, Cofts, Charges and Expences taken together would amount to, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Cuftoms

Not giving Notice, or removing Articles before Officer taken Account.

Penalty.

Removing, &c. any Liquors, See.

Aiding, See.

Penalty.

If Duties not paid in Eighteen Months Good* 1‘old.

f Sic.



*98

0*81 •

$4° GEO. HI.

A*D» 1814*

Frovifo.

Claims of Lords of Manors and other Perfons to Derelidl Goods preserved.

Duties payable on Goods not entered, although imported before July 5, 1814.

And also Goods warehouftd before that Day.

toms and Import Duties, and they- are hereby authorized and empowered to permit the Perfon or Perfons by Law entitled to the fame, to expose or to fell and dispose thereof for Exportation only, subject to the usual Regulations in such cases 5 or if such Perfon or Perfons should refuse so to do, then to fell and dispose of such Liquors or Tobacco for Exportation, or to destroy the lame, as such Commiflioners respectively may deem mod expedient: Provided also, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or con-(trued to extend to prevent any such Liquors or Tobacco, as the said Commiflioners may deem necessary tor that Purpose, being fold Duty-free for the Payment of the Salvage Expences incurred in respect thereof.

XXII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Lord of the Manor on which such Liquors or Tobacco shall be found, or other Perfon having by Law just Claim thereto, or where no such Lord of the Manor or other Perfon having such just Claim shall exist, then the Perfon or Perfons bringing into Ireland, or finding or difeovering on the Coaft thereof any such Foreign Liquor or Tobacco, shall be at Liberty to retain the fame in his, her or their own Cuftody or Pofleflion for the Space of One Year and One Day, to be computed and reckoned from such bringing, finding or difeovering thereof, on his, her or their entering into Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the Colleftor of Cuftoms for the Port, or Colleftor of Excife for the Diftrift where the said Liquors or Tobacco shall be found, in TYeble the Value of such Liquors or Tobacco, as the case may require, for the Payment of the Duties for or in respect thereof, at the End and Expiration of such Year and Day, or in Default of such Payment to restore such Liquors and Tobacco at the End or Expiration of such Year and Day to the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife, in the fame State and Condition as the fame was or were in at the time of such bringing, finding or difeovering thereof ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That the several and refpec-tive Duties by this Aft granted on the Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned in this Aft, and the Schedule thereto annexed, shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall not have been entered on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares and Merchandize may have been imported into Ireland before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or be-fore the passing of this Aft.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties granted, mentioned and fet forth in this Aft and the said Schedule (a) shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein mentioned, as, having been imported into Ireland, shall have been or shall be warehousea, or flnll be or shall have been secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof having been first paid, and shall remain so warehoused or secured on or after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and

(a) [Repealed, c. 129. $ 8. poft•]

7t

fourteen,





C.8f

ayp

A.D. ii 14.	540 GEO.	III.

fourteen, in pursuance or by Authority of *ny AA or AAs of Par-Hament in force in Ireland for that Purpose, although such Goods,

Wares or Merchandize may have been imported before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: Provided always, that such Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, until the Duties wnich such Goods,

Wares or Merchandize shall have been fubjeA to before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be payable by Law.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enaAed, That in all cases where the Duties fecursU Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of Goods, *7 Wares and Merchandize into Ireland, are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise, by virtue of any AA or AAs of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation, the Duties by this Ad and the Shedule (a) thereto annexed, granted or imposed, may in like manner and under the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftri Aions and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise.

(a) [Repealed, r. 129.	8.	foJlJ\

XXVI.	And be it further enaAed, That, from and after the Packagesof said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, Goods entered where any Goods, Wares and Merchandize whatever, intended to be

exported from Ireland, shall be entered for Exportation, if anv Pack- inegct" i^^and

age, Calk or Vcfiel, in which any such Goods, Wares and Merchan- Contents to

djzc mentioned in such Entry (nail be contained, shall not be duly agree with

delcribed in manner direAed by Law, or if the Goods contained in Account.

each particular Package, Ca(k or Veflel, shall not agree with the

Account of the Contents of such Package, Ca(k or Veflel, fuch

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, together with the Package, Calk or

VefTel, in which the fame shall be contained, shall be forfeited, and

may be seized by any Officer of the Cuftoms or Excife at any time

after such Entry made, and at any time either before dr after the

fame shall be aAually shipped off or shipped on board any Ship or

VefTel for Exportation.

XXVII.	And be it further enaAed, That m all cases where any How Value of Duties of Cuftoms imposed by any A A or AAs in force in Irelandf P°°^s taken upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize from /re- j“ Duties”" land are charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or payable on Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be E*porta:ion. taken and coniidered as the fame shall be at the Port of Exportation,

without any DeduAion or Abatement whatsoever, except of so much as the Duties of Cuftoms or Excife paid thereon or payable at the time of the Entry of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall amount unto, and that such Value shall be afeertained (except as in this A A is provided) by the Oath of the Exporter or Proprietor of Oath, such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Factor; and in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true Intent and Meaning of this AA, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms to cause the fame to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Cuftoms shall proceed in every refpcA, except as hereinafter is provided, in the manner yreferibed in and by an A A passed in the Forty sixth Year of His pre- 4* G. 3. c.87. sent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad more ejfedually to regulate the 5 &

Colkdion of the duties on Good*) fVaret and Merchandize imported or

exported





C. 81.

A.D.1814-

In cases where Goods undervalued, Expoiter paid V. lue according to Oath •n Entry.

46 G. 3. c.87.

When real V due cannot be af errairud, (MltOtorto permit Exportation of Goods <n certain Conditions.

Kirr.es of Exporter and i\cent specified in Entry, Sec.

Falfe Oath of Value.

54® GEO. III.

exported into or from Ireland ; and the Payment of Bounties, Allow• ances and Drawbacks thereon, with relped to Goods imported subject to Duty ad valorem,

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject to Duty on Exportation, according to the Value thereof, shall on Examination by the proper Officers of the Culloms be found to be undervalued, and shall on that account be detained, the Exporter or Proprietor shall in such case be paid the Value of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, according to the Oath made on the Entry thereof for Exportation, together with the Amount of the Culloms paid thereon at the time of the Entry thereof, without any further Allowance whatsoever; any thing in the said recited Ad palled in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majelty, or in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament, to the contrary thereof notwithllanding.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That if at the time of making the Entry for the Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufadure of Ireland on which any Duties of Culloms are charged or are payable according to the Value thereof, the Exporter‘or Proprietor* of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so entered for Exportation, or his known Agent or Fador, shall not be able to ..icertain the true and real Value thereof, it shall be lawful for the Celledor or other Chief Officer of the Culloms at the Port of Exportation, to permit such Exporter or Proprietor, Agent or Fador, to ship or export such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, upon making Oath that such real Value cannot be afeertained, and upon Bond being given either by the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or by the known Agent or Fador of such Exporter or Proprietor, to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccelTors, with One sufficient Surety in Treble the Amount of the supposed or ellimated Duty on the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize conditioned for the Payment of the said Duties, within Three Months, and according to the true and real Value thereof, and for producing the Invoice and Bills of Pareels, or such other Documents as shall be required by the Colledor or other Chief Officer of the Cufloms at the Port of Exportation, in tafe the Produdion thereof shall be thought necelFary by such Officers of the Culloms, for the Purpofe of ascertaining the true and real Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, so exported as aforefuid.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation of all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of which the real Value cannot be afeertained, and in cases where the Duties are allowed to be secured by Bond as aforesaid, the Name of the actual and real Exporter, w hether such Exporter shall be'the Proprietor, 01 the Agent or Fador of the Proprietor, shall be specified in the Entry, together with the Name of the Agent or Fador making the Entry and giving such Bond, and an Gath of the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize according to which the Duties shall be afeertained and paid and the Bond cancelied, shall in all such cases be made and signed by such actual and real Exporter, and not by any Clerk, Agent or Broker of such Exporter.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Exporter of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize entered for Exportation fhall

know'-

GjOOQle

A.D. 1814«

C. 81.

30!

540 GEO. III.

knowingly and fraudulently make any false Oath of the Value of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, after the fame shall have been allowed to be shipped for Exportation, every such Exporter ihall, for every such OfFence, forfeit a Sum equal to the true and real Value of all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and I>ut'e*,&c. how Duties and Drawbacks and Bounties by this A& continued or

granted or allowed and made payable, and all and every Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be raised, levied, collided, paid and applied in the fame manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and under such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed and exprdfed for the railing, collecting, levying and paying, and managing of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, or for the levying and applying any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an A61 of Parliament made in Ireland> in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of 14 t 1; Car. 2. His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Ad for (I) SefT. 4. c. 3. settling the Excife or new Impojl upon His Majfly, his Heirs and Site-cejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by an Ad made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty's Reign, G. 3. c. 106. intituled An Ad to provide for the better Execution of the several Ads &c’ relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management c/the Commijfioners of Cu/loms and Port Duties, and of the Commif-f oners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Act or A6ks in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Cultoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures were here n express d and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or P rties APPeal> aggrieved, as in and by the said A6t, puffed in the Fourt.eei th and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other A6t or A6ts as aforesaid is provided.

[«SV* c. 129. § 8. 34.. pojl. J

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That this A6t shall be and Continuance of -continue in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and fisteen, and no longer,

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That this Adt, or the Adts AC! altered,&c. hereby continued, or any of them, may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Adt to be made in this present Seflion of Parliament.

5CHE-



3©*

C.8i

54° GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

	Duty. 1	Drawback.
ALMONDS; viz*  ■■■ ■ — of any other Sort, the Cvvt.	£. s. d. . 1 11 8 4 15 0 2 7 6	£\ s. d. 0 13 4 200 100
Ambra Liquida, the lb.	0 s 6J	024
Anchovies, the lb. •	0 0 7f	0 0 3
Affes, each -	366	—
Bladders, the Dozen Bottles; viz.	0 0 032	00a
zen Quarts - -  not of less Content than One Pint, and	1 1 pi	
not being Phials, the Dozen Quarts -— ■ of Glass, not otherwise enumerated or de-	0 711	—■ "
scribed, for every ^100, of the Value Note.—Flalks in which Wine or Oil is imported are not subject to Duty. Bracelets or Necklaces of Glass, the Gross, containing 12 Bundles or Deckers, each Bun-	114 0 0	
dle or Decker containing 10 Necklaces Briftles; viz.	096	
the Dozen lbs.  	 - - - not imported in a Britifh-built	0 11 ic|	050
Ship, the Dozen lbs. -—— — rough or undressed, imported in a Britifh-	0 12 8	050
built Ship, the Dozen lbs.  — - - - not imported in a Britifli-built	0 3	0 1 6
Ship, the Dozen lbs.  Briftles undressed maybe warehoused under certain Conditions, Regulations and Reftriftions. See 48 G. III. cap. 32.  Brooms; viz.  		 Flag or Whilk Brooms, the Dozen	0 3 n| 0 0 9!	0 1 6
Carmine, theOz. Carpets; viz.	0 3 iif	—
the Carpet - -	13 9	—



	Duty.			Drawback		
Carpets; viz.	£.	s.	d. .	£.		4.
——- - - - 4 Yards Square and not cx-						
ceeding 6 Yards Square, the Carpet	4	15	0			
■ ■ ■ - - exceeding 6 Yards Square,						
the Carpet -	7	18	4			
Clocks, for every ^100. of the Value	59	7	6					
Cork, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Cwt.	0	7	11	O	3	4
	 not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Cwt.	0	8	H	O	3	4
Cortex, Cariophylloides, the lb. - r	0	0	9i	O	0	4
Coftus, the lb.	0	0		0	0	5
Cranberries, the Gallon	0	1	3		—	
Cubebs, the lb. -	0	0	9h	0	0	4
Cucumbers, pickled, the Gallon	0	2	4*		—	
	preferved in Salt and Water,						
for every j^ioo. of the Value	59	7	6		—	
Cyperus, the Cwt. ...	0	l5	10	0	6	8
Down, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the lb.	0	1		0	0	6
	 not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the lb.	0	1	41	0	0	6
Drawings, coloured, each	0	3	2		—	
	 plain, each -	0	1	7		—	
Elephants Teeth, the Cwt.	3	*9	2	I	*3	4
Enamel, the lb.	0	7	1i	0	3	0
Effence of Spruce, for every j^ioo. of the Value	31	>3	4	13	6	8
	.	the Produce of and imported from						'
any British Colony, Plantation						
or Settlement in America,						
for every £ico, of the Value	*5	16	8	6	13	4
Glovers* Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the Cwt.	0	4	9		—	
Grains of Paradise, the lb.	0	1		0	0	10
Gum Copal, the lb. -	0	1	7	0	0	8
Hair, Horse, for every j£ioo. of the Value	31	13	4		—	
Handfcoops, the Dozen	0	1	Hi		—	
Harpstrings, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Knots	0	6	4	0	2	8
Hats; viz.						
	 Baft, Chip, Cane or Horfehair Hats or Bon-						
nets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding						
22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen	0	10	8J		—	
	 - - each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22						
Inches in Diameter, the Dozen	1	X	41			
—— Straw Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet						
not exceeding %% Inches in Diameter,						
th; Dozen *	S	8	1		—•	

v^ooQle

	Duty. ]	Drawback.
Hats; viz.  	 - - each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22	£. s. d. •	£. s. d.
Inches in Diameter, the Dozen -Hay, the Load, containing 36 TrufTes, each Trufs	6162	—
being 56 lbs*. ...	T 2 I 1 ^	—
Heath, for Bruflics, the Cwt.	0 9 1||	.
Hermodadlyl, the lb. -Hides; viz.  	 Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox, in the Hair  not tanned, tawed, curried or in any way drefTed ;  		 - - imported in a Britifh-built Ship,	O O 9^!	004
the Hide  	 ... not imported in a Britifh-built	O O 9*	—
Ship, the Hide 	 - - - tanned and not otherwise drefTed.	0 2 4-'	• —
the lb.  •— - - - imported from any British Colony or Settlement in Africa,	0 0 ni	—
the Hide -  	 Horse, Mare or Gelding, in the Hair, not  tanned, tawed or curried, or in any way drefTed ;  - ■ — - - - imported in a Britifh-built Ship,	0 0 4}	
the Hide  	 - - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship,	° 0 91	—
the Hide  	 - - tanned, and not otherwise drefTed,	O 2 45	1—
the lb.	c 0 11}	-
Hoofs of Cattle, for every j£hoo. of the Value	31 13 4	—
Ivory, the lb. -	0 5	—
Kelp, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Cwt.	0 >3 Sh	058
	 not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Cwt.  Lace; viz.	0 14 3	0 J 8
	 Silk Lace, for every £100. of the Value  	 Thread Lace; viz.	39 11 8	—
	 - under 5s. the Yard in Value, the Yard  	 - of 5s. and under 1 os. the Yard in Value,.	0 » 4l	—
the Yard  	 - of 1 os. and under 15s. the Yard in	0 3 ill	—
Value, the Yard — - of 15s. and under 20s. the Yard in	049	—
Value, the Yard - - -	*0 6 8*	



	Duty.	Drawback.
Lace; viz.	£, s. d.	Jt\ /. d.
— - of 20s. and under 258. the Yard in		
Value, the Yard	0 7 3?	
	 • of 25s. the Yard in Value, or upwards,		
for every ^100. of the Value	39 11 8	—
Lapis Contrayervse, the Oz.	0 1 11 ^	0 0 10
	Tutia, the lb. - -	0 0	O  O
Lard, the Cwt. -	0 7 11	—
Lead, Pig, for every j^ioo. of the Value	31 13 4	
Leather, any Article made of Leather, or any		
Manufacture whereof Leather is the mod valu-		
able Parr, not otherwise enumerated or deferibed,		
for every ^100. of the Value	141 10 0	
Lendles, the Rulhel - -	0 0 94	—
Litmus, the Cwt. -	O 3 llA	—
Mace; viz.		
— — the Produce of, and imported from, any		
Britiih Colony or Plantation in America,		
the lb. •	7 *1	—
—— imported under Licence, the lb.	0 9 i|	0 3 JO
Madder of all Sorts, for every ^100. of the Value	500	—
Root unmanufactured, imported from any		
Country or Place before 5th Jan. 1816	Free.	.—
Millboards, the Cwt. -	3 8 T	
Mother of Pearl Shells, rough, the lb.	0 0	0  0  dL
Mules, each - -	4 19 9	■— .
Myrobalanes, the Cwt. -	0 11 1	—
Oker, the Cwt. -	0 6 8?	0 2 JC
Olives, die Gallon -	024?	
Otto of Roses, or Oil of Roses, the Oz.	0 11 ioi	0  V-r,  O
Oyiters, the Bufhel -	0 12$	
Painters Colours, not otherwise enumerated or de		
feribed, the lb.	0 0 pj	0 0 4
Pewter, old, the Cwt. _	I 8 6	0 12 C
fickle3 of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or		
deferibed, the Gallon	0 4 5	—
Pictures; viz.		*
	 under Two Feet square, the Pi&ure *	3 8 1	—
		
Feet square, the Picture	6 16 2	—*
		
the Pi&ure - -	Jo 4 3	—

54 Geo. III.	X

L^ooQle

	Duty.	Drawback.
	£. t. d.	£. s, d.
Pink Root, the lb.  Platting, or other Manufa&ures ; viz.  used in, or proper for making Hats or	00 9$	004
Bonnets, the lb.	0 5	
making Hats or Bonnets, the lb.	0 17 oj	—
Plums dried, the lb. -	O I 2|	—
Polypodium, the lb. -	0 0 4J	0 0 2
Pomatum, for every ,^100. of the Value	59 7 6	25 0 0
Potatoes, the Cwt. -Prints j viz.  	 Paper Prints, plain, the Piece  	 - - - - coloured,	0 1 ii| 017	—
for every £\ oo. of the Value  Quills; viz.  *		 Goofe Quills, the 1,000  	 Swan Quills, the 1,000  Rags, Old, Old Ropes or Junk, or Old Filhing Nets, fit only for making Paper or Pafte-board, or for the Purpofe of Manure, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the	59 7 6  0 5 4l OH ,1ol	0 10  oj0
Ton containing 20 Cwt.  —■ 1 - - - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Ton con-	I 5 81	
taining 20 Cwt.	» 7 31	—
Rape Cakes, the Cwt.	017	—
Rape of Grapes, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -	10 9 0	4 7 9
Refinae Jalappze, the lb.  Rice, imported from any Britifli Colony or Plan-	068}	0 2 10
tation, the Cwt. - - -— not imported from any Britifli Colony or Plantation, or from any of the PoffefTions	0 7 61	032
of the East India Company, the Cwt.	1 0 0$	032
Saccharum Saturni, the lb.	0 0 9I	0 0 4
Safflower, the Cwt. - -	0 8 81	•—
Sal Gem, the Cwt. ...	0 7 n	—
Sal Tartari, for every j£ioo. of the Value Seed ; viz.	59 7 6	25 0 0
	Animi Seed, the lb.	0 0 4i	0 0 2
— Carrot Seed, the lb. - -	0 0 7i	003
	Furze Seed, the Cwt.  Soap\ viz.	0 0 ji	
	 Hard, the Cwt. ...	4 3 H	•mm' *



A.D«i8i4'

$4° GEO. III.

C. 8k

Soap; viz.

----Soft, the Cwt.	•

Soaper’s Wafte, the Ton containing 20 Cwt. Spikenard, the lb.

Squinanthum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, tne lb.

--------------not**	imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb.

Steel, for*every £ 100. of the Value Sticks; viz.

* Walking Sticks,

for every a^ioo. of the Value Stone; viz.

—- Marble Bafons, Tables, Mortars and other polished Marble (except Grave Stones and Paving Stones polifhed), the Foot square superficial Meafure -— Marble Blocks, the solid Foot -----Sculptured Marble and Statuary, the Cwt. -

Tails; viz.

----Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox Tails, the Hundred

containing Five Score Tallow, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Cwt. - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Cwt.	-	-

Terra ; viz.

----Japonica, the lb.

Sienna, the Cwt.	-	-

Verde, the Cwt.	-

Tobacco Pipes, for every ^100. of the Value Tongues; viz.

Neats Tongues, the Dozen

----------Rein	Deer	longues,

for every £100. of the Value Tow, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Cwt.

not imported in a Britiih-built Ship, the Cwt. Treacle of Venice, the lb.

Tubes for smoaking, for every 100. of the Value Tubs, of Wood, for every £ico. of the Value “urbith, imported directly froir the Place of i Growth, the ib.	-	1

its Growth, the lb. VWaieis, the lb.

[rhts Schedule refilied, c.l2Q. § 8. X 2

Duty,		1	Drawback.		
£.	j.	d.	£.	s.	d.
3	11	3		—	
0	3	2		—	
0	*	9i	0	I	2
0	0	95	0	0	4
0	1	7	0	0	8
59	7	6		—	
59	7	6		—	
0	3	2	0	I	4
0	6	4	0	2	8
0	2	9 a		'T	
0	5	1 ij	0	2	6
0	3	3		■—	
0	3			—	
0	0	9*	0	O	4
1	11	8		—	
0		10		—	
79	3	4		—	
0	1	ul		—	
	*3	4			
0	9	6	0	4	0
0	10	3 1	0	4	0
0	3	G	0	1	6
59	7	6		—	
59	7	6		—	
0	2	4»	0	I	0
0	4	9	0	2	0
0	l	3J		—	—



C. 82.

54° GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

308

CAP. LXXXII.

An Aft to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Auftions in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties thereon, and to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the said Duties, and to prevent Frauds therein.	[lit July 1814.]

* Mofl Gracious Sovereign,

€	E Your Majefty’e most dutiful and loyal Subjeds the Com-

4 V V mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\

4 in Parliament aficmbled, towards railing tbr* necefiary Supplies to

*	defray Your Majelly’s Public Expences in lrelandy have freely and

*	voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the

*	Duties hereinafter mentionedand do molt humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, there shall in Schedule	be granted, raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his

levied.	Heirs and SuccefTors, upon and in respect of the several Articles and

Things mentioned, fet forth and exprefied in the Schedule hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties as they are re-fpedively deferibed and fet forth in the said Schedule; and the said Schedule and all the Exceptions, Exemptions and Regulations therein contained shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Ad to all Intents and Purpofes ; and the said several Duties shall be in lieu and full Satisfadion of all Duties granted on Audions in Ireland by any former Ad or Ads of Parliament.

Auftion I)utie* II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com-I* menccment of this Ad, the several Duties granted on Audions in c. x .10 cea e. Ireland* by an Ad made in the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, in the Forty fevenlh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to grant to His Majtjly certain Inland Duties of Excife and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof, in lieu of former Duties of Excife, Taxes and Draw• backs, and also all Exemptions of the said Duties granted or allowed by the said recited Ad, ftiall cease and determine, and be no longer paid, granted or allowed save as in this Adt is hereafter provided. ‘III. And Whereas the Laws now in force for securing the

*	Collodion of the Duties on Audions in Ireland have been found 4 inefficient for the Purpose, and it is expedient that the fame fhould

*	ceafe and be repealed, and that one new Law, with such Pro-

*	vifions as may be necefiary, should be enacted ;* Be it therefore

41 O 3 SclT. 1. enacted, That Three several Ads, one made in the Forty seventh €	Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to secure the

Colledion of the Duties on Audions in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds

48	G.3. c 63 therein; and one other Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of His

said Majefty’s Reign, to amend the said recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year of 12is present Majdly’s Reign; and one other Ad

49	G.3. c. 100. made in the Forty ninth Year of His said Majcfty’s Reign, intituled

An A3 to amend the several Ads for securing the CollcQion qf the Duties on Audions in Ireland; and alio so much of Two several Ads* one made in the Forty ninth Year of His said Majefty’s

Keign,



Duties f-'erified

prefent

That,

C. 82;

AJD. 1814*	J40	GEO*	ITT*

309

Reign, intituled An AB to provide for the better Collection of the

Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Servants, Horfes and Dogs in

Ireland; and the other made in the Fifty second Year of His said 5«c 07.

Majefly’s Reign, intituled An Ad to amend several Ads relating to

the Revenue of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, as relates or repealed!^

relate to the colleding and securing the Duties payable upon

Auctions in Ireland, and to any Exemptions from the fame, shall,

from and after the Commencement of this Ad, cease and determine,

and the fame are hereby repealed, save so far as the fame or any of

them repeal or repeals any former Ad or Ads of Parliament

renting to Audions, or to any Exemptions therefrom, or to any E*«pMon*

Charge, Matter or Thing therein relating to Audions: Provided Provifo»

always that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to

extend to affcd or take away any of the Regulations or Proviiions,

Powers or Authorities contained in any Ad or Ad9 in Force on or before the Commencement of this Ad for the prosecuting, suing for, recovering, levying or colleding any Duties on Audions, or any Arrears of such Duties, or any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating to Audions, or for allowing any Exemptions from such Duties which shall or may be incurred or become due on or before the Commencement of this Ad; and that all and every such Regulations and Provisions, Powers and Authorities shall be and remain in full Force and Eflfed for the levying and colleding the said Duties and Arrears of the said Duties, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, and for allowing the said Exemptions, as if this Ad had not been made.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That all Monies ariling from Duties carried the Duties by this Ad granted, the necefTary Charges for colleding pu^Jnlolldilte<* and paying the fame being deducted, shall be carried to the Con- un * foiidated Fund of Ireland.

V.	And, for the better securing the Payment of the Duties on AufcVioneers to Audions in Ireland, be it enacted, That no Perfon whatever, who Lienee

at any time after the Commencement of this Ad shall exercise the

Trade or Bufinefs of an Audioneer or Seller by Commiflion at any

Sale of any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effeds what foe ver, by Outery,

knocking down of Hammer, by Candle, by Lot, by Pareel, or by

any other Mode of Sale at Auction, or whereby the highest Bidder

is deemed to be the Purchafer, or who shall ad in such Capacity, (hall

vend or fell, or put up tq sale any Estate, Goods, Chattels or

Effeds whatsoever by Public Sale or otherwise by way of Auction

as aforesaid in any manner whatsoever in Ireland (except only in the Exception.

cases in the said Schedule to this Ad annexed particularly lpecified

and mentioned), without first taking out a Licence to fell by Audion

from the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or

any one of them, or from some Perfon or Perfons appointed by

the said Commiflioners, or any Three of them, for that Purpofe ;

and every such Licence shall be duly (lamped according to Law, and Stamp .d.

shall be of Force until the Twenty fifth Day of March next after the time of the granting thereof and no longer; and if any Perfon ftrih exercise the said Trade or Bufinefs of an Audioneer, or ad Exercise in such Capacity in Ireland, without having such Licence in force. Trade w ithout (utb Perfon shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty kicenc* Founds.

X 3	V.I.	And



C. 82

A.D.i 8

310

54* geo. in.

Licence renewed annually.

Penalty.

Security by Bond given before obtaining Licence

for Dublin, Stc.

for other Part*.

Licence produced when required.

/

Penalty.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That every fitch Licence shall be renewed annually Ten Days at lead before the Expiration thereof; and if any Auftioneer having had or who shall have any such Licence, and continue to carry on the Trade or Bufmefs of an Auftioneer in the Year next ensuing the Expiration of such Licence, and shall have omitted to renew the fame within the time aforesaid, every such Perfon shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon in Irelandy who at any time after the Commencement of this Aft shall exercise the Trade and Bufinefs of an Auftionecr or Seller by Commission, or who shall aft in such Capacity, shall, previous to receiving his Licence, give Security by Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, with Two futficient Sureties, which Bond any Perfon authorized to grant such Licences is hereby authorized and empowered to take in manner following ; that i9 to fay, every Perfon who shall exercise such Trade or Bulinefs, or aft in such Capacity within every Part of the Diilrift of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, or within the City of Corky or the City of IVaterfordy or the City of Limericky including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbcyy and within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities, and in the Town of Belfajly shall give such Security by Bond, himself in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and Two Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each 5 and every Perfon who shall exercise such Trade or Bufinefs, or aft in such Capacity in any other Part of Ireland, shall give such Security by Bond, himself in the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, and Two Sureties in the Sum of Fifty Pounds each, the Condition of which Bonds respectively shall be, that the said Perfon who shall exercise such Trade or Bufinefs, or who shall aft in such Capacity as aforesaid, shall and will make and deliver, or cause to be made and delivered, all and every such Catalogue, Declaration and Account, as the case may be, of all and every Sale and Sales by him held or intended to be held, as he shall be by Law required to make and deliver, and also shall and will make Payment of all and every Sum or Sums of Money arifmg or becoming due to His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors for the Auftion Duty, for or in respect of all and every such Sale and Sales, at such time or times as the fame shall by Law be payable; and also shall and will comply with all Rules and Regulations respecting the Sale or putting up to sale of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be fold or put up to sale by him in manner preferibed by this Aft, or any other Aft hereafter to be in Force for securing the Coileftion of the said Duties.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon felling by Auftion, and who by this Aft is required to take out a Licence to fell by Auftion, shall not at the time of any such Sale by Auftion, on Demand of any Officer of Inland Excife and Taxes, or of any Officer of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Irelandy produce and (hew to such Officer a Licence to such Perfon to fell by Auftion in Force, such Perfon so felling shall, for every such Default, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and it shall be lawful for any Peace Officer, at the Requeft of any such Officer of Inland Excife and Taxes» or Officer

t^ooQle

of Ctftoms and Port Duties, to take such Perfon so felling by Audion and not producing such Licence, into Cuftody, and to bring him before a Juftice of the Peace, who, upon Proof of the Fadt, shall commit such Perfon to the House of Correction or other Gaol for any time not exceeding One Calendar Month.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon shall forge, alter or counterfeit, or shall cause to be forged, altered or counter-feitedany Licence to fell by Auction, or shall produce or make use of, or cause to be produced or made use of as a true Licence to fell by Audion any such forged, altered or counterfeited Licence or any j	Piapcr purporting to be a Licence in Force to fell by Auction, and not

*	being such Licence in Force, such Perfon shall forfeit the Sum of

Fifty Pounds.

j X. And be it further enacted, That any Licence to fell by Audtion the Stamp Duty whereon shall be of the highest Amount payable by Law on any such Licence, shall authorize the Perfon or Perfous licensed thereby to fell by Audtion in any Part of Ireland whatever, without any further or other Licence and any Licence; to fell by Audion the Stamp Duty whereon shall be of less Amount than aforesaid shall authorize the Perfon licensed thereby to fell by Audion in any Part of Ireland, save and except such Parts or Places, the Duty payable on any Licence to fell by Audtion wherein shall be of higher Amount.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That every Perfon carrying on the Trade or Bufinefs of an Audtioneer, whether alone or in Part-nerfhip with any other Perfon or Perfons, shall be obliged to take out such Licence.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Duties by Law charged on Audtions shall be and they are hereby declared to be a Charge upon every Audtioneer or Seller by Commission, immediately from and after the knocking down of the Hammer or other closing of the Bidding on every Article at every Sale by way of Audtion, and that the Rates and Duties so charged shall be paid by every such Audtioneer or Seller by Commiflion in manner and at the times hereinafter mentioned ; and it shall be lawful for every such Audtioneer or Seller by Commission, and he is hereby authorized and required to retain the Amount of all such Rates and Duties out of the Produce of the Estate, Goods, Chattels or Efeds on the Sale of which such Rates and Duties shall become due and payable, or out of any Depofit made at any such Sale or Sales on account of the Purchafe Money for such Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effe£t9 respectively; or it shall and may be lawful for such Audtioneer or Seller by Commission, to recover the Amount of such Duty by Adtion of Debt or on the Cafe against the Perfon or Perfons by whom such Audtioneer or Seller by Commiflion was emploved, or on whose Account such Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effedt9 shall have been fold.

X11L And be it further enacted, That every Perfon who shall exercise the Trade or Bufinefs of an Audtioneer within the Didtrict of the Excife Office of Dublin shall, before the Commencement of any Sale by way of Audtion, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of the Examinator of Audtion Duties in Dublin, and also at the Office of the Colledtor of Excife of the said Dillrict, a written or printed Catalogue, signed by Tuch Audtioneer, or by his known

X 4	Clerk





Imprifonment.

Forging or using a forged Liceuct.

Penalty.

Stamp Duty to regulate Placet of Sale under Licence.

Alone or Iq

Partnerfhip to take Licence.

Duties charged on Audtioneer.

Audtioneer to retain Amount cf Duty.

Catalogue and

No ive of Auction given to proper Othcer.

312

C.82.

Penalty. Where Sale does not take place, Notice given, and Declaration made.

54° GEO. III.	AD< 1814.

Clerk on his behalf, in which Catalogue shall be particularly ex-preffed and fet forth the particular Place where and the Day and Hour when such Auction is to begin, and every Article, Lot, Parcel and Thing intended to be fold at such AuCtion 5 and every Perfon who shall exercise the Trade or Buiinefs of an Auctioneer in any other Part of Ireland than the DiffriCt of the Excife Office of Dublin, shall before the Commencement of any Sale by way of Auction, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of the ColleCtor of Excife of the DiffriCt in which such Sale is intended to be had, a written or printed Catalogue signed by such Auctioneer, or by his known Clerk on his behalf, in which Catalogue shall be particularly expressed and fet forth the particular Place where and the Day and Hour when such Auction is to begin, and every Article, Lot, Parcel and Thing intended to be fold at such Auction 5 and if any Auctioneer shall fell or put up to lale any Ellate, Goods, Chattels or Efsects, by way of Auction, without delivering or causing to be delivered any of the Catalogues hereinbefore required to be delivered, or shall at any such Sale fell or put up to sale any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects not particularly expressed or let forth in such Catalogue, every' such Auctioneer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That in every case where a Sale shall not take place or be opened or begun on the Day specified in any Catalogue delivered by any Auctioneer in pursuance of this Act, every Auctioneer who shall have delivered or caused to be delivered any such Catalogue for a Sale by AuCtion within the DiffriCt of the Excife Office of Dublin, shall within Twenty eight Days after the Day specified in such Catalogue as the particular Day when such Sale by AuCtion was to begin, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of the Examinator of AuCtion Duty in Dubliny and also at the Office of the Collector of Excife of the said DiffriCt, a Declaration in Writing or in Print, ligned by such Auctioneer, or by his known Clerk on his behalf, setting forth, that no Sale whatever by wray of AuCtion took place, or was any way opened or begun under such Catalogue, and such Auctioneer or his known Clerk shall make Oath to the Truth of such Declaration before the said Examinator of AuCtion Duty or Collector, which Oath such Officers are hereby respectively authorized, empowered and required to adminiltcr without Fee or Reward; and that every Auctioneer who shall have delivered or caused to have been delivered any Catalogue in any other Part of Ireland, shall within Twenty eight Days alter the Day specified in such Catalogue as the particular Day when /uch Sale by AuCtion was to begin, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of Excife of the DiffriCt in which such Sale had been or was intended to be held, a like Declaration in Writing or in Print, signed as aforesaid, that no Sale whatever by way of AuCtion took place, or was any way opened or begun under such Catalogue in like manner as is hereinbefore required with refptCt to Perfons felling by AuCtion within the DiffriCt of the Excife Office of Dublin, to be verified on Oath by the said Auctioneer, or his known Clerk, before the ColleCtor of Excife, or before any Sub Commiflioner of Inland Excife and Taxes for the DiffriCt in which such Sale had been or was intended to be held ; which Oath such ColleCtor or Sub Com-xniffioner rcfpeCtively is hereby authorized to adnainifter ; and every

Auctioneer



AD.i&14<

C. 82.

3!3

540 GEO. III.

Au&ionewr who shall negleCf to make and deliver or cause to be made and delivered such Declaration verified by Affidavit as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Auctioneer felling by Auction within the Diftrid of the Excife Office of Dublin, shall and he is hereby required, within Twenty eight Days after the Commencement of any Sale by way of Auction to deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of the Examinator of Auction Duty in Dublin, and also at the Office of the Colle&or of Excife of the said Diftrid, an exact, true and particular Account in Writing of the several Articles, Lots or Parcels contained in the Catalogue so as aforesaid delivered, specifying in the said Account which of the said Articles, Lots or Parcels shall have been there fold, and the Price of every such Article, Lot or Pareel, and the total Amount of the Purchafe Money of each Sale, and also specifying which of the said Articles, Lots or Parcels shall not have been then fold; and every such Auctioneer or his known Clerk, shall at the fame time make Oath to the Truth of such Account before the Examinator of Auction Duty in Dublin, which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized, empowered and required to administer, without Fee or Reward; and if any Article, Lot or Parcel returned in such Account as not having been fold, shall really have been fold at the time of such Account being delivered, every such Auctioneer shall for every such Article, Lot or Pareel, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Auctioneer felling by AuCtion in any other Part of Ireland\ shall and he is hereby required in like manner, within Twenty eight Days after the Commencement of any Sale by wav of Auction by him held, to deliver to the Collector of Excife of the DiftriCt in which such Sale shall be held, an exaCt, true and particular Account in Writing of the several Articles, Lots or Parcels contained in the Catalogue so as aforesaid delivered, specifying in the said Account which of the said Articles, Lots or Parcels shall have been there fold, and the Price of every such Article, Lot and Pareel, and the total Amount of the Purchafe Money of each Sale, and also specifying which of the said Articles, Lots or Parcels shall not have been then fold; and every such Auctioneer, or his known Clerk, shall make Oath to the Truth of every such lad mentioned Account before the said Golle&or of Excife, or before any Sub Commiffioner of Inland Excife and Taxes for such DiftriCt, which Oath such Collector or Sub Commiffioner is hereby refpeCtively authorized, empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward ; and if any Article, Lot or Parcel returned in such Account as not having been fold shall have really been fold at the time of such Account being delivered, every Auctioneer shall for every such Article, Lot or Pareel, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and any Auctioneer who shall negleCt or omit to deliver such refpeCtive Accounts at the respective Times and Places, and to the Perfons, and verified in manner hereinbefore preferibed, shall, for every such NegleCt or Omission, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounas.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer shall be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay the AuCtion Duty payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflbrs, on every Sale, at the time when every such Account of such Sale, and the Money produced thereby, shall have been or ought to have been delivered,

upon

Auctioneer neglecting. Penalty. Auctioneer to deliver an Account of S ties at Auction on LUh.

Improper Returns.

Penalty.

Penalty.

Penalty.

Duty paid on delivering Account of Sale.

L^OOQle

C. 62.

3*4

Penalty.

Information*! Proof to lie on Auctioneer.

Where Good* fold by Sample, Au&ioneer not knowing Quantity, Proprietor to deliver Account.

Penalty. Error* in charging Duty reC tided,

54° GEO. Ill#

A.D.1814.

upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds for Default of Payment at the time aforesaid, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty chargeable on such Sale.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That if upon the Trial of any Information against any Auctioneer for any Offence against this ACt, any Queftion shall arise, whether any Sale by Auction, or whether any Article, Lot or Parcel fold at any Sale, and for and in refpcA of which such Information shall be filed, was exempt from the Auction Duty, the Proof that such Sale, or that such Article, Lot or Parcel (as the case may be), was exempt from the Auction Duty, and of the circumstances of such Exemption, shall lie on every such Auctioneer, and not on the Officer prosecuting such Information.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That where any Goods, Chattels or EffcCts, fold by AuCtion, shall have been fold by Sample or otherwise, so that the Auctioneer cannot afeertain the Quantity aCtually fold, and where such Sale shall have taken place within the DiftriCt of the Excife Office of Dublin, the Proprietor of such Goods, or some Agent or Perfon authorized on his behalf, shall, within Twenty one Days after the Commencement of such Sale, deliver to the Examinator of the Auction Duty in Dublin, and also to the Collector of Excife for the said DillnCt, upon Oath of such Proprietor or Agent, which Oath may be administered by such Officers refpeCtively, an exaCt Account of the Quantity of such Goods, and the Sum of Money produced by the Sale thereof} and where such Sale shall have taken place in any other Part of Jrc» land\ such Proprietor or his Agent shall, within the said Space of Twenty one Days, deliver a like Account to the Collector of the DiftriCt in which such Sale shall have taken place, upon Oath of such Proprietor or Agent, which Oath may be adminiltered by such Collector; and such Proprietor or his Agent shall also in all cases, within the said,Space of Twenty one Days after the Commencement of such Sale, furnish the Auctioneer with a true Copy of such Ac* count; and if such Proprietor or his Agent shall negleCt to deliver such Account, or Copies thereof, to the Officers hereinbefore mentioned, and to the Auctioneer, in manner aforesaid, within the said Space of Twenty one Days, every such Proprietor or his Agent so negleCting shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Error shall be difeovered in any Charge of Duty against any Auctioneer, by charging such Auctioneer with a greater Amount of Duty than ought to have been charged against such Auctioneer, it shall and may be lawful for him to make his Complaint within Six Calendar Months next after the Error shall have been difeovered, before the said Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such Complaint, and upon Proof thereof to relieve the Party so complaining of so much of the Duty as shall appear to have been overcharged; and if such Duty mall have been paid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to repay the fame; and in case it shall be difeovered that any Error has been committed by charging any Auctioneer with a leis Amount of Duty than ought to have been charged, n shall and may be lawful for the Examinator of the AuCtion

Duty,

C^ooQle

C. 82.

HD'1%14.	54°	GEO.	III.

3*5

Duty, and he is hereby required to rectify the fame as speedily u may be convenient, and to report the lame to the said Com-miffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, who are hereby required to give Notice to such Audlioneer of the Amount of the Deficiency of the Duty in consequence of such Error, and if such Au&ioneer shall not, within One Month after such Notice, shew sufficient cause to such Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes why he ihould not be charged with and pay such Deficiency, it shall and nay be lawful for the said Commiflioners to order a Return to be made by the said Examinator of the Audlion Duty to the Office of the Colle&or of Excife of the Diftrift in which the erroneous Charge was returned, and the Duty specified in the Return of such Examinator shall be a Surcharge on such Aii&ioneer; and if such Auctioneer shall not on Demand, or within Ten Days next after, pay the full Amount of such Duties so surcharged, such Auctioneer shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with a Penalty.

Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Duty which shall be so surcharged : Provided, that no such Return shall be a Surcharge on Provifo. any Auctioneer unless it shall have been made, and the Amount demanded, within Six Months after the Difcovery of the Error.

XX.	And be it further enaCtcd, That if any Sale by AuCtion of Duty repaid hi any Estate, Goods, Chattels or EfTeCts shall be rendered void by «feTitle can-reafon that the Perfon for whose Benefit the fame was fold had no

Title to the fame, or no Right to dispose thereof, then and in every jjtFcttsfoki. such case it shall and may be lawful for the AuClioneer chargeable with, or who shall have paid the Duty on the Things so fold, or for the Perfon for whose Benefit the fame was fold, in case such Sale was held in the Diftrid of the Excife Office of Dublin, to lay a Complaint before the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ire-land; and the said Commiflioners, or any Three of them, upon such Complaint to them made by or on behalf of such Auctioneer, or by or 00 behalf of the Perfon for whose Benefit the fame was fold, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine upon Oath all such Complaints, and examine the Witncfles produced before them by the Parties, and thereupon or upon other due Proof to relieve the Party so complaining, and thereupon to repay the Duty in case the fame shall have been paid in refpcCt of the Estate, Goods, Chattels or EffeCts, the Sale of which shall be rendered void ; and in case such Sale was held in any other Part of Ireland, then such Complaint shall and may be laid before the Sub Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in and for the DillriCf m which such Sale was held who shall and may and they are hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame upon O \th, and to examine Witncfles, and thereupon and upon other due Proof to report to the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes whether such Sub Commiflioners are of Opinion that the Party complaining ought to be relieved or not; and it shall be lawful for the (aid Commiflioners to make such Order for relieving such Party and repaying the Duty as to them shall feera fit, and such Duty shall be repaid upon the Order of the said Commiflioners, or any Three of them accordingly.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Complaint Limitation of shall be made within Twelve Calendar Months after such Sale, if the ume for making Sale shall be rendered void as aforesaid within that time; or if the Coml>lminl« Safe Audi not be rendered void as aforesaid within that time, then

fuch

Goode

3i(S

C. 82.

When Owner heconrcs Pur-clul'er at Sale, an Allowance of Duty made.

Notice given of Sale of Good* dill rained lor Rent.

Penalty.

54" GEO. m.	A.D.1814.

such Complaint shall be made within Three Months after the Difco-very of the Perfon for whose Benefit any such Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects was or were fold, having no Title to the fame, or no Right to dispose thereof; and no such Complaint shall be made, or any Relief given thereupon, unless such Complaint shall have been made within the time hereinbefore in that behalf preferibed, nor in any case after the Expiration of Three Years.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the real Owner of any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effeds put up to sale by way of Auction in Ireland shall become the Purchafer by means of his own Bidding, or the Bidding of any Perfon on his behalf or for his Ufe, at such Sale without Fraud or Collusion, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the Examina-tor of Audion Duty in Dublin, or the Colledor of Excife in the Diftrid in which such Sale shall be held, and they are refpedivcly authorized and empowered to make an Allowance to the Owner of such Estate, Goods, Chattels or Efteds, of the Duties arising under any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, upon such Bidding or Sale; provided that Notice in Writing, signed by the Owner and the Perfon intended to be the Bidder, that such Bidder is appointed by or on behalf of such Owner to bid at the Sale for the Ufe and Behoof of such Owner, shall have been given to the Audioncer before such Bidding, and that the Delivery of such Notice shall be verified by the Oath of such Audioneer, as also the Faimefs and Reality of the Tranfadion to the belt of his Knowledge and Belief.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Auftioneer who shall fell by Audion any Goods distrained for Nonpayment of Rent, shall, Two Days previous to the Sale of such Goods, in case such Goods shall have been distrained within the Diftrid of the Excifc Office of Dublin, deliver to the Examinator of Audion Duty in Dublin, and also to the Colledor of Excife of the said Diftrid, a Notice in Writing, fpccifying the particular Day when and Place where such Goods are intended to be fold; and shall also, within Twenty eight Days after the Day specified for such Sale to commence, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of the said Examinator, and also at the Office of the said Colledor of Excife an exact and true Account of every Article for Thing fold at such Sale, with the Amount of the whole Sum for which such Articles fold 5 and in case such Goods shall have been distrained in any other Part of Ireland, then such Audioneer shall deliver a like Notice and Account respectively, within the rtfpedive times aforesaid, to the Colledor of Excife of the Diftrid within which such Goods shall have been distrained, and the Landlord or other Perfon on whose Account the Diftrefs shall be made shall, at the Foot of every such Account, certify the exact Sum due for the Rent in respect of which such Goods shall have been distrained, and that fuen Goods were really and bona Jide distrained for such Rent; and if any such Audioneer shall neglect to deliver any such Notice or Account in manner and to the respective Officers herein directed, such Audioneer shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and if any Landlord or other Perfon shall give any false Certificate of any of the Particulars aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, then and in

every

v^ooQle

3*7

A.D.1814.

54c GEO. III.

C.82.

every such case eTery such Landlord or Perfon so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Audlioneer who shall fell by Audlion any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effedls seized for the Benefit of any Creditor by or under the Authority of any Sheriff in Execution of any Judgment, shall fpccify in the Accounts to be by him delivered under the Diredlicn of this Adi, the particular Estate, Goods, Chattels and Effedls fold, and also the exact Sum levied under such Execution ; and the Sheriff or Under Sheriff shall and is hereby required to certify at the Foot of such Account, that all the Estate, Goods, Chattels and Effedls in fuel: Account fpeci-fied, were really the Property of the Perfon again ft whom such Judgment was had and obtained, and that the fame and every Part thereof were actually seized in Execution of the fame Judgment; and every Audlioneer who shall be employed by the Affignees under any Commillion of Bankrupt, shall likewise specify in tne Account to be by him delivered as aforesaid, the particular Estate, Goods, Chattels and Effedls fold ; and the Affignee or Afiignees under such Commiffion shall certify at the Foot of such Account, that all the Estate, Goods, Chattels and Effedls specified were really the Property of the Bankrupt at the time of filing forth the said Commiffion 5 and every such Certificate respectively shall be produced by every such Audlioneer to the Perfon to whom such Auctioneer is by this Aft directed to deliver his Accounts ; and such Certificate shall be Efficient Authority to such Officer to discharge the said Audlioneer from all Duty on the Sale of such Goods by Audlion ; and if any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Affignee or Affignees shall insert, or suffer or permit to be inserted in such Account so to be certified, any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effedls whatsoever, other than such as really were the Property of the Debtor or Debtors, Bankrupt or Bankrupts as aforesaid refpedliv'dy ; or if any Sheriff or Under Sheriff, Affignee or Affignees shall respectively omit or neglect to certify on such Account within the time preferibed by this Adi for the Audlioneer to deliver in his Account, the true Sum levied, or shall certify thereon any false Sum levied, then and in every such case the Party offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Audlioneer who shall be employed to fell any Goods damaged by Fire, fold by order or for the Benefit of the Infurer or Infurcrs of such Goods, or any Agent or Agents of such Infurers, shall specify in the Account to be by him or them delivered, the particular Goods which were fold 5 and the Infarer or Infurers, or the Agent or Agents of such Infurer or In-furen ordering such Sale shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to certify at the Foot thereof that all the Goods in such Account specified were really damaged Goods, and fold for the Benefit of such Infurer or Infurers; which Account so certified shall be produced by every such Audlioneer to the Perfon to whom such Audlioneer is by this Adi directed to deliver the fame ; and such Certificate shall be lufficient Authority to such Officer to discharge the said Auctioneer from all the Duty on the Sale of such Goods by Audlion ; and if any such Infurer or Infurers, Agent or Agents, shall insert or suffer or permit to be inserted in any such Account as afore-laid, any Good* whatsoever, other than such as were really fold for

the

Penalty.

Proceedines had, in Sale of Kf-tates and hflv^ts taken in Execution, to dUchargt Auctioneer of Duty.

Penalty. *

Proceeding! had, in S.ile of Goods

bv Fire to dif-cfiarge Auctioneer of Duty.



3*8

C. 8s.

Penilty.

Books of Sale of Auctioneer produced when required.

Penalty.

Notice given before Carriage fubjett to internal Tax fold by AuClion.

Penalty.

Duties and Penalties how levied and applied*

14 fc 15 Car, 2. (1.) Sell*. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106. fee.

Appeal,

54* GEO* III.	A'D.1814.

the Benefit of him or them as aforesaid, or if any Infurer or Agent shall omit or negleCt to certify in such Account the true Particular* of the Goods so fold, then and in every such case the Party offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That every Au&ioneer shall at the time of delivering the Accounts by this Act required to be deli-vered to the proper Officer, or whenever such Auctioneer shall be thereto required by such Officer, deliver or cause to be delivered to such Officer the original Book or Books of Sale of such Auctioneer, to the end that the Officer may compare the Account produced, with the Entries in such Book or Books ; and if any Auctioneer shall refuse or neglcCt to produce to such Officer such Book or Books of Sale within Twenty four Hours after such Demand, or shall not suffer such Officer fully to examine the fame, every such Auctioneer shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paf-fing of this ACt, no Auctioneer or Perfon felling by Commiffion shall fell by AuCtion any Carriage subject or liable to any internal Tax or Duty in Ireland, unless such Auctioneer or Perfons felling by Com-mifiion shall have given Forty eight Hours previous Notice of such intended Sale at the Excife Office of the DiftriCt in which such Carriage shall be intended to be fold ; and that every Perfon who shall fell any such Carriage by AuCtion or on Commission, shall, within Twenty four Hours after such Sale, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Excife Office of the DiftriCt, or to some Officer of Excife in the DiftriCt in which such Sale shall take place, a Notice signed by such Auctioneer or Seller as aforesaid, containing the Name, Addition and Place of Abode of the Perfon to whom such Carriage shall be fold, and the Day of the Month and the Ycar when the fame was so fold ; and every such Auctioneer and Seller as aforesaid, who shall neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered such Notice, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this ACt granted and made payable, and all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this ACt, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for, recovered and applied in such Manner and Form, and by such ways and means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are preferibed, directed and appointed in and by an ACt of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled An A61 for settling of the Excife or new Impojl upon His Majesty, bis Heirs and Succeffors, according to the Booh of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an ACt passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled An Aft to providefor the better Execution of the several Afts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commijfwners of Cufloms and Port Duties, and of the Commifftoners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other ACt or ACts in force ia Ireland, relating to the said Revenues, Matters and Things, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents, ConftruCtions and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enaCted in. this ACt, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who fhall

think

C. 8a-

3*9

A.D. 1814.	54p	GEO*	III.

think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said A&s or any of them is provided and enacted.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That this A& shall commence Commencement and take Effe& immediately from and after the Expiration of One of Aft., Calendar Month next after the pafOng thereof.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

AUCTIONS.	Duty.
For and upon every Twenty Shillings of the Purchafe	jff« ;• d»
Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Ireland;  Of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures, Books, Horfes and Carriages, and all other Goods and Chattels what-soever, not herein otherwise charged, and not exempt by Law - - - -	0 O 10
Of any Interect, in Pofieflion or Reversion, in any Freehold or Leafehold Lands, Tenements, Houfes or Hereditaments, and of any Annuities, Debt or Sums of Money chargeable thereon, or otherwise, and of any Utentils of Huibandry and of Farming Stock, and of Ships and Veffels, and of any Article of Gold or Silver, and Jewels, except in cases where the fame are otherwise charged or exempted by Law	0 0 6

Exemptions.

On the Sale of the following Articles by Au&ion, no Duty shall be payable; videlicet,

Any Estate, Goods or Effects fold by Auftion by any Order or Decree of His Majefty’s Courts of Chancery or Exchequer in Ireland, before any Matter in Chaneery, or the Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer or his-Deputy, and any Goods or Effefts fold by Auftion by virtue of any Judgment or Order of the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or Cu 'oms &nd Port Duties, or of their Sub Commiflioners or Collectors respectively, or by Order of the Commiflioners of Stamp Duties, or by Order of the Board of Ordnance.

All Goods woven in Ireland, and fold in the Piece or Quantity, as taken from the Loom, and in Lots, each Lot whereof shall be of the Price of jffio. or upwards, and fold for or on Account of the Manufacturer or Manufacturers thereof.

All Produce of Land, so as the Sale by Auftion thereof be made whilst it continues on the Land which produced the fame.

All Cattle or other Live Stock, so as such Sale shall be made for the Account of the Owner or Occupier of the Lands, and whilst such Cattle or Live Stock continue on the Land upon which the fame were dropped or reared.

Any Goods fold by Auftion under Diftrefs for Nonpayment of Rent or Tithes.

Any





320

C. 8a.

54° GEO. in.

A»R.i3i4*

Any Grounds, Houfes or Materials of Houses, or any Rents fold by Audtion by Order or under the Diredtions of the Com-miffioners for making wide and convenient Streets, Ways and Paf-fages in Dublin.

Provided, that nothing contained in the Adt to which this Schedule is annexed shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Ptrfon whatever from ailing as an Auctioneer in any of the Sales hereinbefore exempted from the Payment of the Duty on Auctions, and that no Perfon so acting as Auctioneer at any such Sale shall be required to take out any Licence for so doing, nor shall any such Perfon be liable to any Penalty under the said Adi in re-fpedt of any such Sale, nor on Account of such Perfon not having taken out a Licence pursuant to the Diredtions of the said Adt; any thing in the said Adi contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Any Woods or Coppices, and any Produce of any Mines or Quarries, and any Materials used in the working of such Mines or Quarries respectively, so as the Sale by Audtion of such Woods, Coppices or Produce of Mines or Quarries be made whilst they continue on the Lands producing the fame, and for the Account of the Proprietor of or Adventurer in such Mines or Quarries*

Any imported Goods, on the fir ft Sale thereof, when fold in the original Packages in which the fame were imported at the Port of Importation for the Benefit of the original Importer to whom the fame were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the Cullom House at the Port of Importation.

Any Contradt relating to the cutting or working of Woods, Coppices, Mines or Quarries.

Any Ellate, Goods or Effedts fold at Audtion under the Authority of any Sheriff or other Public Officer for the Benefit of any Creditor or Creditors in Execution of any Judgment, and any Eftate or Effedts of any Bankrupt fold by Order of the Affignee or Affignees under any Commiilion of Bankruptcy, and any Eftate or Eftates of any Banker or Bankers fold by Trustees appointed under or by virtue of any Adt in force in Ireland.

Any Ships or Veffels, and their Tackle, Furniture and Apparel, and the Cargoes thereof, which may be taken and condemned as Pri zes: and any Ships or Goods that may be wrecked or stranded on the Coaft ot Ireland.

Any Goods damaged on board any Ship or Veffel, and fold by Audtion for the Benefit of the Infurers or Proprietors thereof, or .which may be fold free of Duty to defray the Charges of Salvage ; or anv Goods damaged by Fire, and fold by Order of and for the Benefit of the Infurers of such Goods.

Any Wool fold at any Sale by Audtion by the Farming Society of Ireland, or by the Cork Inftitution, at any Public Sale Room of the said Society or Inftitution, such Wool being the Growth or Produce of Ireland, and sent to the said Society or Inftitution to be disposed of, so as such Sale be the first Sale thereof, and be made for the Account of the Owner of the Land, or of the Perfon occupying the Land on which such Wool was grown*

All





32i

A.D.i8f4«	J4°	GEO. III.	C. 82, 83.

All and every the Sale and Sales by Audion of the Article* before exempted from the Payment of the Duty on Auctions (except such as are hereinbefore expressly allowed to be held by Perfons not licensed to fell by Audion) shall be held by some Auctioneer duly licensed ; and every such Audioueer (hail, in respect of all and every such Sale or Sales (except as afarefaid), be subject and liable to all the Rules and Regulations contained in this Ad, except only as to the Payment of the Duty on the Sales so exempted*

CAP. LXXXin.

An Ad for the more effectual Regulation of the Receipts and Jifues of His Majefty’s Treasury, and for securing the due Application of Money coming into the Hands of the Public Accountants, in Ireland.	[ill July 1814.]

1 \T7HEREAS an Ad was made in the Parliament of Ire*

*	VV land, in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s

*	Reign, intituled An AS for the better Regulation of the Receipts

*	and Ijfues of His Majefly's Treasury ; and for repealing an AS of 1 Parliament passed in the Tenth Tear of Henry the Seventh, intituled ‘ An AS authorizing the Treasurer to make all Officers as the 1 Treasurer of Englaud doth : And Whereas the Proviftons con-1 taiaed in the said recited Ad have not been found fully futfuient

*	with respect to the Safety of Public Money, in the Mode of its 4 Receipt into the Exchequer of Ireland, or with respect to the Se-4 curity and due Application of such Money after being ifTued from 4 the said Exchequer to Public Accountants ;* Be it therefore enacted by The,King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of die fame, That, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, it fhaJl not be lawful for any Receiver General of any Aids, Revenues or Taxes, collected in Ireland, nor for any other Public Accountant or Receiver of any Public Money whatever, to make any Payments of any such Aids, Revenues, Taxes or Public Money, into the Hands of the Teller of His Majelly’s Exchequer of Ire-landy or at the Counter of the said Exchequer, in manner heretofore used or accustomed; but all such Payments shall be made into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the said Teller of the Exchequer, in manner hereinafter directed; and no fucli Receiver General or other Pcrfon shall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatever, for refilling or neglecting to pay any Sum or Sums whatever to the £aid Teller of the Exchequer, or at the Counter of the said Exchequer ; provided such Receiver General or other Perfon shall pay such Sum into the said Bank of Ireland, in manner hereinafter directed ; any thing in the said recited Ad of the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, or any Lawr, Ufage or Cuftom whatever, to the contrary in any wife notivithftanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, all Monies whatever, arjftng from any Duties, Aids, Revenues or Taxes, or which may or ought to be 54 Geo* III*	Y	placed

35 G. 3- (I.) c.a8.

Payments Hiatt

not in future t)c made to Teller of Exchequer, orat the Counter.

c. 28.

Public Motile* payable into Exchequer, paid into Bank of



322	C. 83.	54'	GEO. III.	£.0.1X14.

Ireland “Ac- , placed to the Credit of the Public Revenue of Ireland, in the Ac« oHixchf* uei-61 c$unt °f *be Confolidated Fund of Ireland, and which may at any time whoXlhalTgive become payable into the Exchequer of Ireland, by any Receiver Ge-Acquitt.mces for neral or any Public Accountant, or other Perfon or Perfons whomfe-fame on Produc- * ever, for or on Account of any Aids, Revenues, Taxes, Fines or turn ot Certifi- Rents, or for or upon any other Account whatever, shall by every bank °m ^ucb ^ece^ver General or other Public Accountant, or Perfon required by Law to pay the fame, be paid into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit and Account of the Teller of His Majefly’s Exchequer of Ireland; of all which Payments, Certificates or Accountable Receipts /hall be granted to the Parties making such Payments, by the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the said Bank of Ireland, in such Form as the Governor of the said Bank shall think fit, or as may from time to time be directed by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or by the Commiflioner8 for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them for the time being; and upon the Production of any such Certificate or Accountable Receipt to the Teller of the said Exchequer, or at the Counter there, the said Teller of the Exchequer /hall forthwith give and deliver to the Party producing any such Certificate or Accountable Receipt, an Exchequer Receipt or Acquittance for the Monies mentioned in such Certificate or Accountable Receipt of the Caffiier or Cafhiers of the said Bank; which said Exchequer Receipt or Acquittance shall be given in such Form, and shall specify all such Particulars, and shall be recorded and countersigned in the Office of the Auditor General and Clerk of the Pells of the said Exchequer, in such manner as is required by the said recited Ad of 35 G. 3. (I.)	the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majefly’s Reign, with refpect

c,a *	to Receipts by the said Ad required to be given by the said Teller

of the Exchequer, for Monies received by him according to the Di-redions of the said recited Ad.

Exchequer Re- HI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com-^ Tance^unleff mencement	Ad,	no	Exchequer	Receipt	or	Acquittance	what-

MoneyCa£hially* ever shall be deemed, taken or'confidered as a sufficient Difcharge or paid into Bank? Quietus to any Receiver General or other Public Accountant whatever for any Monies chargeable to the Account of such General Receiver or other Public Accountant, unless Payment of the Full Amount of all Monies mentioned in such Exchequer Receipt or Ac-.

' quittance shall have been actually made into the Bank of Ireland, in pursuance of the Diredions of this Ad; any thing in the said recited Ad of the Thirty fifth Year, or any other Ad or Ads, or any Law, Ufage or Cuftom whatever, to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

No Money p*id jy. Ami be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com-wlfethanby ** menccment this Ad, no Payment shall be made by the Teller of praft on Bank, the Exchequer in Money at the Counter of the said Exchequer* but countersigned * that all Payments and IfTues of any Public Monies out of the said ky Clerk of Pells. Exchequer, for any Service yc-hatsoever, shall be made by Grafts drawn on the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland, by the Teller of the said Exchequer 5 and in each and, every such * Draft, the particular Head of Service for which the fame is drawn shall be specified, and each and every such Draft shall be recorded ?	in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells of the said Exchequer* who

shall also countersign the fame} and no Draft of the, Teller of the 4faid Exchequer, or his Deputy, shall deemed a Sufficient Voucher*

Autho-

(^.ooQle

323

54* GEO. IIL	C.83.

Authority or Difcharge to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland^ unlels the fame shall be drawn and recorded cotmterfiorned in the manner aforesaid, and (hallbe actually paid by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- Monies issued mencement of this A&, all IfTaes, Advances, or Payments whatsoever, fr°m Trealury to be made out of the Exchequer of Ireland to all Public Accoun- t0» °.r tants whatever, the principal Seat of whose Department or Bufmefs p^ii^Ac-may be within the City or County of the City or County of Dublin, fountants,

(hill be issued and made to the Governor and Company of the Bank placed in Bank, of Ireland, by Drafts from the Teller of the said Exchequer, coun- a,'d drawn from terfigried by the Clerk of the Pells as aforesaid, in Favour and on *hence . Account of such Public Accountants, and that by virtue of such Drafts, the Money mentioned therein shall be placed to the Account vice they are to of such Public Accountants respectively, in the Books of the Bank be applied t#. of Ireland; and that all such Money so placed to the Account of such Public Accountants respectively in the Books of the said Bank of Ireland, shall remain in the said Bank of Ireland, until drawn out in manner hereinafter mentioned; and that all other Monies whatever which shall come to the Hands of all or any Public Accountants, shall be paid immediately on Receipt thereof, by such Public Accountants, into the said Bank of Ireland, and be placed in the Books of the said Bank to the Account of such Public Accountants respectively, and shall not at any time remain in the Hands of such Public Accountants; and that no Money shall at any time be drawn out of the Money so placed to the Account of any such Public Accountant in the Books of the Bank of Ireland, nor shall any Money be paid or applied by any such Accountant, in any manner whatever, except by Drafts drawn by such Public Accountants refpec-tively upon the said Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland, for the several Services required, according to the Office and Duty of such Public Accountants respectively 5 and signed by such Public Accountants respectively ; and in every such Draft by any such Public Accountant, the Nature of the Service and the particular Head thereof to which the Sum therein mentioned is to be applied, or for which it is ordered or intended, shall be specified and fet forth; and no Draft of any such Public Accountant shall be deemed Drafts of Publk a sufficient Voucher, Authority or Difcharge to the said Governor Accountant not and Company, unless the fame shall so specify the Service for which ^fficienl k is drawn, and shall be actually paid by the said Governor and fpecify* Company; and the Monies so to be issued from the said Exchequer Service for7 to the said Governor and Company, on Account of the said Public which drawn, Accountants respectively, or any of them, shall not be paid out &c* of the said Bank unless in pursuance of such Drafts as aforesaid, so specifying the Service to which the Sums therein mentioned are to be applied ; and which Drafts so drawn, and none other, shall be sufficient Authority to the Governor and Company of the said Bank to pay such Money to the Perfons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearers of such Drafts respectively.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That if at any time after the Cora- Drawing Draft*, menceraent of this Ad, any Teller of the Exchequer of Ireland, or or aPPtyinS any Public Accountant, or other Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, on Publ,c Mon«T whose Account any Money shall be paid or placed in the Bank of conliajry10 Ireland as aforesaid, flull make or Draw any Draft or Drafts for the

Y 2	Payraeat





3*4

Penalty.

Imprifonment.

Teller and Public Accountants not anlwerable for Money ; but Bank only.

On Death *r Removal of any Teller or Public Accountant, Balance in Bank to veil in S ucceffors.

Balance of Cafh how diipoied of.

C.83.	540	GEO.III.	A.D.i8i4«-

Payment or Application of any Part of the Money so placed to the Account of such Teller, Public Accountant, or other Perfon or Per-fons, to or for any other Purpofe than the fame ought by Law to be paid and applied, or without specifying in the (aid Draft the particular Head of Service to which the Money mentioned therein is to be applied, in manner aforesaid, or in any manner contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adi; or if any such Teller or Public Accountant shall in any manner pay or apply any Public Monies in his Hands, or for which he is accountable, to any Purpofes other than such as the fame ought by Law to be paid and applied to ; then and in every such case, every such Teller, Public Accountant* or other Perfon so offending, and being duly convicted thereof by Verdidl, on Information or other Proceeding for the fame, by or in the Name of His Majefty’s Attorney General for Ireland, in the Court of Exchequer in Dublin, shall forfeit and pay to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, a Fine or Sum equal to Twice the Amount of the Sum specified in any such Draft or Drafts, or so paid or applied as aforesaid contrary to the Diredlions of this Adi, with full Coils of Suit, together with a further Sum by way of Intereft thereon, after the Rate of Twelve Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year, from the time of the Judgment given or entered on any such Verdidl, until the fame shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland; and the Court by or before whom such Verdidl or Judgment shall be given, shall and is hereby authorized and required to commit such Offender to any of His Majcfty’s Gaols, there to remain without Bail or Mainprizc until such Fine and Intereft thereon as aforesaid shall be fully paid, iatisfied and discharged.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Adi, the Teller of the Exchequer of Ireland, and all Public Accountants and other Perfons as aforesaid, ob-ferving the Rules and Regulations by this Adi preferibed, shall not be answerable for any Money which any such Teller, Public Accountant, or other Perfon as aforesaid shall not actually receive, or which shall not actually be drawn for by him as aforesaid ; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them for the several Purpoies aforesaid, or any of them.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That upon the Death, Refigna? tion or Removal of any Teller, or of any Perfon or Perfons being such Public Accountant or Accountants as aforesaid, the Balance or Cafh for which any such Teller or Public Accountant as aforesaid shall have Credit in his Account, as such Teller or Accountant as aforesaid, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Irdandy shall, as soon as a Succeffor shall be appointed to the Office or Place held by such Teller or other Public Accountant as aforesaid, actually veil in such Succcffor, InTrust, for the like Services and Purpofes as the fame were applicable to before any such Death, Refignation or Removal; and such Balance.of Cadi shall be forthwith carried over and placed to the Account of every such Succeffor respectively, to be applied to such Services respectively, in pursuance of the Drafts of such Succeffors, as hereinbefore directed and specified; and every such fuccceding Teller or other Public Accountant as aforesaid, is hereby authorized, directed and required to issue his Draft as aforc^-said, for all uufatisfied Charges and Demands on account of any

Servfce*



A.D. i $14.

540 GEO. III.

C.83.

325

Services as aforesaid, which shall have accrued in the time of any filch Teller or other Public Accountant as aforesaid, before such Death, Rcfignation or Removal.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the Com- PelU and

mere• ment of this Acl, the Fees of Pells and Poundage chargeable Foundage^nd on certain Iilues from the Exchequer of Ireland, fhall	not at any time	ca[*a.f!Jr^	eS

be drawn out of the Bank of Ireland, by or on behalf	of the Teller of	pa.,j;c	Account,

the said Exchequer, but shall be carried to the Credit of the Public,

in the Account of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, by the Auditor General and Clerk of the Pells on the Saturday in every Week, and on such other Days and Times as the Account of the Teller shall be made up from time to time; and that the Fees called Trcafury Fees shall no longer be carried to the Account of the Fee	Fund, but fhall

in like manner be carried to the Credit of the Public,	by the Auditor

General and Clerk of the Pells.

X.	And be it further enn&cd, That, from and after the Com- Hofpital Fees mencement of this A cl, the Fees palled Hofpital Fees shall be carried Jarnei< to

to the Credit of the Public in the Account of the Confolidated Fund	'	»

of Ireland, by the Auditor General and Clerk of the Pells, on the KUm'imh.un Saturday in every Week, and on such other Days and Times as the Hofpital. Account of the Teller shall be made up from time to time ; and that it shall Be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by his or their Warrant, to direct the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office, or any Three of them, at the End of every Quarter of a Year ending on the Tenth Day of October, Fifth Day of January,

Fifth Day of April and Fifth Day of July, in every Year, to issue out of the said Confolidated Fund the full Amount of such Hofpital Fees as may have so been brought to the Credit of the Public, in the Quarter of the Year preceding such Days respectively, to be applied to the use of the said Hofpital at Kilmatnham, in such manner as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall by such Warrant order and direct.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the Com- Treasury may mencement of this Adi, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord regulate Iflue High Treasurer of Ireland, or for the Commissioners for executing ExPenilitu|* the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, and M0ney*C

be and they is and are hereby full y authorized and empowered to make, frame, issue and give all such Rules, Orders, Regulations and Directions, as to such Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office, or any Three of them, shall seem fitting, expedient and necessary, to all and every Officers, Accountants, and other Perfon and Perfons acting in the Receipt and Iffue of any Public Monies in Ireland for the proper and legal Conduct and Management of fych Receipt and Ifsue, and for the Condudl of the feverai Officers, Accountants and Perfons concerned in the fame; and that any Officer, Accountant or other Perfon or Perfons who shall refuse or neglcdl to obey, or shall infringe or violate, or in any way act contrary to or against any Rule, Order, Regulation or Diredlion, which at any time before the Commencement of this Adi shall have been, or which at any time after the Commencement of this Adi shall be made, framed, iffiied or given, by the said Lord High Treasurer of Inland, or by the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, for the Purpofes aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of

y 3

Five



3*<>

Penalty.

Salaries now charged on Fee Fund of Trea-fury hereafter to be chargeable on Conl'olidated Fund.

Certain Officer* to hold only one Office in Exchequer.

Penalty.

Account of EftaMilhment annually laid before Parliament.

C. 83.	54" GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

Five hundred Pounds to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeftors, to be recovered with full Colts of Suit, by Information or other Proceeding, in the Court of Exchequer at Dublin, by or in the Name of His Majeft'y’s Attorney General of Ireland; and every such Perfon, being convicted in such Information, shall for ever thereafter be and become incapable of holding any Office, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeftors, or by or under any Authority derived from His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeftors.

XII.	And be it further enaftcd, That, from and after the Commencement of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or for the Commiflioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, from time to time to issue their Warrant or Warrants for charging upon the said Confolidated Fund of Ireland, and for issuing thereout, all Salaries and Allowances whatever, of the Nature of the Salaries and Allowances now charged or chargeable upon the Fee Fund and Incidents of the Treasury of Ireland; and the fame shall be charged and issued accordingly, without any further or other Warrant or Authority to be had in that behalf.

* XIII. And Whereas it is expedient that in the several Offices *■ for the Control, Examination and Cheque on the Teller of the Ex-1 chequer, all Perfons concerned in such Control, Examination and * Cheque, should be respectively confined to the Duty of one Office < or Place only ;* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Aft, it shall not be lawful for any Officer or Perfon belonging to or employed in any of the several Offices of the Lord High Treasurer or Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or of the Auditor General, or of the Clerk of the Pells, or of the Teller of the Exchequer, to hold any Office or Place in or to be employed in more than One of the said Offices at one and the fame time ; and that no Officer or Perfon bolding any Place or Employment in any One of the said Offices shall be capable of holding or taking any Office, Place or Employment, in. any other of the said Offices, until he shall have resigned the Office or Place or Employment so first held by him; and that if any fuch-Officer or other Perfon shall take or hold any Office, Place or Employment contrary to the Provifions of this Aft, such Officer or other Perfon shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to His Majesty, bis Heirs or Succeftors, to be recovered with full Cofls of Suit, by or in the Name of His Majefty’s Attorney General for Ireland in the Court of Exchequer at Dublin; and everer Perfon who shall be conviftyd in such Penalty shall, from and after fiich Verdift and Judgment thereon, be rendered incapable of holding any Office, Place or Employment, Civil, or Military, under His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeftors, or under any Authority derived from His Majesty,*his Heirs or Succeftors.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That an Account of the Eftsa-blifhmcnt of the Treasury and Exchequer of Ireland, and the Officers and Clerks of the fame, with the Amount of all Salaries and Allowances payable to them, or any of them, and of all Charges and Ex-pences incident to the said Treasury and Exchequer, and of the In-creafe or Diminution of the Amount of such Salaries, Allowances and Expenses, and the Caufes and Reafons of such Increafe or Diminution, shall be yearly laid before Parliament, by the Secretary of

327

54? GEQ. III..

C. S3, 844

the said Treasury, within Six Weeks after the First Meeting of Parliament in each and every Year.

4 XV. And Whereas there appears now {landing in the Account 4 of the Teller of the said Exchequer of Ireland, the Sum of Nino

*	thoufand and seventy one Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten Pence 4 Irijh Currency, being Charges continued from the Account of a 4 former Teller or former Tellers of the Exchequer, but which is 4 not recoverable or applicable to the Ufe of the Public; and it is

*	expedient that the said Account or the said Teller should be dif-4 charged and exonerated from the said Sum Be it therefore

eoacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Trea- Sum in Account surer, or the Commifiioncrs for executing the said Office, or any former leiler. Three of them, by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals,1 publk ^ervic#* to direct the Auditor General and Clerk of the Pells of the said diicharged. Exchequer to discharge and exonerate the Account of the Teller of the Exchequer from the said Sum of Nine thousand and seventy one Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten Pence ; and the fame shall be thereupon fully acquitted, exonerated and discharged from the fame, by* the said Auditor General and Clerk of the Pells accordingly.

. XVI. And be it further enabled, That this Aft ffiall commence Commence-and take Effeft from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month' mtnt text after the passing thereof.

CAP. LXXX1V.

An Aft for regulating the Time of holding the Michaelmas Quarter Seflions in England.	[ift July 1814.]

1 TX J HERE AS the time now appointed for holding the Quar-4 VV ter Seffions for the Michaelmas Quarter might be altered^

4 so as to render the Attendance at the fame more generally conve-4 nimt than it is at prefentBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the pafling of this Aft, the Quarter Seffions for the Michaelmas Quarter shall in every Year be holden, for every County, Riding,

Dirifion, City, Borough and Place, within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweedy in the first Week after the Eleventh Day of Oftober, instead of at the time now appointed for holding the fame; and that all Afts, Matters and Things, done, performed and| transacted, at the time appointed by this Aft for holding the said Michaelmas Quarter Seffions, shall be as valid and binding to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been done, performed and transacted, at the time heretofore appointed for the holding of such Seflions; any former Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in chis Aft shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to alter or vary the time at which the Sef-£ow for London or Middlesex are now holden.

CBy 2$ E. 3* Slat, I. c. 7. the Michaelmas Quarter Sejfons werej / appointed to be held at the Feqft of St. Michael; — by 36 £.3. c. 12. within Eight Days of Saint Michael; by 2 H. 5.—

2tat* 1 • r. 4. § a. in the firfi Week after the Feaflpf St. Michael.]

When Michaelmas Quarter Seflions shall he held, in Counties in England.

Provifo for London and .  Middlesex.



v 4

CAP.



3*3

C.8$> 86,

54° GEaiH,

A-IXi^'

CAP. LXXXV.

Aft Atl for railing the Sum of Three Millions by way of An,' nuities for the Service of Ireland.	[14th	July	1814.}

[^5,500,000 for Service of	, c. 76. § 19.	ante.]

CAP. LXXXVI.

41 G. 3. C. 7*.

in pare,

49 0.3* c.123. in part.

S1 O.3. c.104. wholly.

52 G. 3. c.13*. exccpi § 15, 16, 17.

53 0.3.*c. 63. in par,,

y	.3'	l’

An Aft for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money? and to provide for the Payment of unclaimed and forfeited Shares to Chelsea Hofpital.	[14th	tJuly 1814.]

WHEREAS an Aft pasted in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for the En* 4 couragemenl of Seamen, and for the belter and more effectually Man* 4 ning His Majfly's Navy during the present War: And Whereas-• another Aft parted in the Forty ninth Year of His Majefty’s 4 Reign, intituled An Ad to explain and amend an Ad made in the 4 Forty ffth Tear of His present Majesty, for Encouragement oj Sea-4 meny and for the better and more tjffic dually Manning His Mayfly t 4 Navy during the present War; and for the further Encouragement 4 of Seamen ; and for the better and more efjedually providing for the 4 Jnterejt of the Royal Hofpital for Seamen, at Greenwich, and the 4 Royal Hofpital fur Soldiers at Chelsea; and to extend the Provifions 4 of the fa id Ad to Cafes arising in consequence of Hojlilities com-* mcnccd since the pqffwg of the said Ad: And Whereas another * Aft pafl*ed in the Fifty first Year of His Majefty’s Reign, in--4 tituled An Ad for extending and amending the Regulations now in 4 force relative to the Payment of the Royal Hofpital at Chelsea, of the 4 forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money: And « Whereas another Aft passed in the Fifty second Year of His 4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad for explaining, amending and 4 extending the several Laws relative to the Payment of forfeited and 4 unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money to the Royal Hofpital at 4 Chelsea; andfor dire ding the Mode of Making up the Accounts of 4 Penjions paid to the Widows of Officers of the Army : And Whereas 4 another Aft passed in the Fifty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, 4 intituled An Ad to extend Two Ads of the Forty fifth and Forty 4 ninth Tears of His present Majesty, to American Prizes: And 4 Whereas His Majesty hath of His Royal Munificence been gra-4 cioufly pleased by several Proclamations, to declare His Will and 4 Plcafure to give the Benefit of all Prizes taken during the Hofti-4 lities in which His Majesty is engaged to the Captors thereof, being 4 in His Majefty’s Service, or duly Commifiioncd, save as therein ex-r 4 cepted: And Whereas it is expedient to make further Regulations 4 for the Payment of Prize and other Monies to the Land Foroes,

4 and for the Interefts of the said Royal Hofpital at Chelsea ; and it 4 will greatly tend to the better Execution of such Provifions of the 4 said Afts as relate to Prize and other Monies due and Payable to 4 the Land Foroes, and to the Rights and Interefts of the Royal 4 'Hofpital at Chclfedy and of such other Provifions as may be necef-4 Tary in that behalf, that the whole thereof should be consolidated 4 Into One Aft and for that Purpofe that the Provifions of the said 4 rtcited Afts ift that behalf made should be repealedBe it euafted

. ^ .'J 3\ i	10	"'	-	;

C^ooQle

C.86.

54* GEO. HL

329

by The King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the famj, That all and every the Provifions and Regulations, Clauses,

Mitters and Things in the said recited Ads or either of them contained, relative to Prize and other Monies, due and payable to the Land Foroes, and to the Rights and Interefts of the Royal Hofpital at Chelsea, or in any way affecting or applicable to the said Royal Rofpftai, or the Governors, Diredors, or other Officers thereof,

(Ldl be and the fame are hereby repealed, save and except as to so repealed, much of the said Ad of the Fifty second of His present Majesty as relates to the Payment of Widows' Penfions and to Letters and Packets sent from the Office of the Paymafter General, being free of PoiLige ; and save and except as to all Ads, Matters and Things Exceptions.

'lone or required to be done under the said Ads or in pursuance of any the Claufes or Provifions thereof, which fhnll be and are hereby dec!^«ed to be as good, valid and effectual, and shall remain in as tull force to all Purpoles as if the fame had been done under and in pursuance of the Provifions of this Ad: Provided neverthcless, Provifo for rc» that nothing in this Ad contained repealing other Ads shall be P-al;nS Ads. held to revive any former Ad or Ads, or Claufes thereof, by those other Ads repealed.

11. And be it further enacted, That in all Captures which shall Capture* dif-be made by His Majefty's Army, Royal Artillery, Provincial,

Rack, and all otiier Troops in the Pay of His Majesty, or belong-	*

mg to His Majesty, but in the Pay of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, whether in Conjund Expeditions with His Majefty’s Navy, or otherwise, of any Fortrefs or Pofleffion ox His Majefty's Enemies upon the Land, or of any Ship or Veffel in any Road, Haven, River or Creek belonging to stich Fortrefs or Poffi ifion, the Commanders and other Officers and Soldiers acting on fach Expeditions shall have such Right and Intercft as His Majesty shall think fit to order and direct, in all the Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize and Treafure belonging to the State, or to any Public Trading Company of such Enemies, which shall be found in such Fortrefs or Pofteifion ; and also in all and every Ship or Veflek, &c. «d-Vefltl, with their Artns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel and Furni- judged Uwful ture, and all the Goods, Merchandize and other Effeds on board the Prize in AdmW fame, which shall be captured in any Road, Haven, River or Creek, ralty ^0uru belonging to such Fortrefs or PofTeffion, after final Adjudication thereof, as lawful Prize to His Majesty, in any of His Majefty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, which shall be duly authorized to take Cognizance of the fame (which Courts are hereby required to proceed therein to lawful Adjudication), to be divided in focb Proportions, and according to such general Rule of Diftribution for the Army as shall be established by His Majesty, or in Default thereof in such manner as His Majesty shall, under his Sign Manual be pleased to direct.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Officer, Defertcr* not Nou Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, belonging to any Regiment, entitled ro Troop or Company in His Majefty's Army, who shall be entitled to Pf*te Mone7' any Share or Shares in any Prize or Capture taken from any of His Majefty's Enemies, and who shall desert or withdraw himself or themfelve* from His Majefty's 'Service before such Share or Shares

(hall





33°

C.8 6.

?hnrcs not claimed within Six Years after being paid to Tre -ifurer of Chelsea Holj i. tui forfeited.

Appr ifemems and Sales made by Ajients ap-pointed hy Commanders,

iLC,

Agents taking Coramitlion or Emolument in rclpeft cf Agency.

Pentlty.

Agents to give. Security \ y Bond, which, with Three at-tefted Copies, and Three

54° GEO, III.	A.D.i4t4.

shall be paid to him or them respectively, shall have or be entitled to have or claim any Intereft in or Benefit from the said Share or Shares, or any Part thereof, which at the time of such Defertion shall remain unpaid ; but the Share or Shares of every such Officer, Non Com* miffioned Officer or Soldier so deserting, in or to any such Prize or Capture, or such Part of any such Share or Shares, as at the time of his or their Defertion shall remain unpaid ; and also the Shares of all Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers and Soidlers, which shall not be legally demanded within Six Years after the fame shall have been paid to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital, by virtue of any Law then in force ; shall be forfeited to the Ufe of the said Royal Hofpital at Chelsea, unless such Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers as shall have deserted, shall be restored by His Majefty’s Proclamation, or otherwise pardoned; and unless with respect to such Shares of Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers as shall not be claimed within the time above limited in that behalf, reasonable Caufe shall be shewn to and allowed by the Directors of the said Royal Hofpital at Chelsea for the time being, or any Five or more of them, why such last mentioned Shares were not claimed in due time.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all such Captures as afore-said, all Appraifements and Sales of any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize and Treafure which shall be found in any such Fortrefs or Poffeffion as aforesaid, and to which the Com. manders and other Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled, shall be made by Agents appointed by the Commanders and other Officers entitled thereto ; that is to fay, the Commander in Chief and Field Officers acting on the Expedition in which such Fortrefs or Poffeffion was captured, shall appoint one Agent and the other Commiffioned Officers entitled thereto, or the Majority of them, if more than one, may appoint another Agent to a & for them, such Appointment being made by Letter of Attorney or Letters of Attorney for that Pur-pose, Copies of which shall be transmitted as hereinafter mentioned; and no Perfon or Perfons except the Perfon or Perfons so to be nominated and appointed Agent or Agents, or who shall have given Security as required by this A&, and who shall actually discharge the Duties of Agent, shall under any Colour or Pretence receive any Part, Share or Proportion of any Commiffion in respect of such Agency Bufinefs, or any Emolument, Advantage or Benefit out of any such Commiffion ; and all and every Perfon or Perfons so nominated and appointed Agents or Agent, who shall give to or allow to be taken by any other Perfon or Perfons, and every Perfon who shall take, accept or receive, either himself or by any other Perfon on bis behalf, or for his Ufe, Benefit or Advantage, or the Ufe, Benefit or Advantage of any Part of his Family, any Part, Share or Proportion of any such Commission, or any Emolument, Advantage or Benefit thereout, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and also Double the Amount or Value of what shall have been so given or allowed to be taken, or (hail have been so taken and received as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That before any Perfon so appointed shall ad as Agent for Army Prize or Capture, the Perfon so appointed shall give Security with One sufficient Surety, by a joint and several Bond in the Sura of Two thousand Pounds to His Majefty^ his Heirs and Succeffors* and to the Commander in Chief for the

16	tin#





AJXlglif.

54* GEO. III.

C.8rfj

.33*

time being of His Majefty’s Land Foroes, for duly and faithfully Copies of L etter executing his said Trull, and accounting for and paying over all of ^norne1 • Suras of Money which shall come to his Hands by reason of his del,vered ,t0 laid Agency ; which said Bond, together with Three attested Copies chiT™*” * * " th*Teof, and also Three Copies of the Letter or Letters of Attorney who OnII ti anf-appointing such Perfon Agent, shall be delivered by such Agent to m»t such nd the Commander in Chief acting on that Expedition, and shall be in a,,d the Form or to the Effed fet forth in the Schedule marked (A.) chtlfea'rt Spiral hereunto annexed.	and to Wi r

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the Commander in Chief to Oihc». whom such Bond and attested Copies shall be so delivered, shall by the

finl Conveyance transmit the said Bond and one attested Copy of the (aid Letter of Attorney to the Treasurer of Chel/ea Hofpital, and one of the Copies of the said Bond to the War Office, and by the next Conveyance shall transmit one other such Copy of the Bond and Letter of Attorney to the said Treasurer of Chel/ea Hofpital and War Office respectively.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if any such Bond shall Bond put ii 1 Suit

become absolute by Nonperformance of any Condition thereof, it 0,1	form-

shall be lawful for His Majefty’s Attorney General at the Requeft of *n<:e

the Treasurer of Chel/ea Hofpital, and he is hereby required to in- IUoIls’ ftitute such Suit or Suits as may be expedient for the Recovery of the Penalty thereof; and the fame when recovered shall be paid to the fad Treasurer to and for the Ufe of the said Royal Hofpital.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That forthwith after the Ap- Certified 1 Jft of

pointment of such Agent or Agents the Commanding Officer of Perl ,ni ‘titled every Regiment or Corps, entitled to share in the Proceeds of the	ejjvcr

said Capture, shall transmit to the Agent or Agents so appointed a ed u^Age au**" Lift of the Perfons in the Regiment or Corps under his Command

entitled to (bare therein, which Lift shall be iigned by the faid

Commanding Officer, the Names being arranged in the fame Order

m which they Hand in the Mufter Rolls of such Regiments or

Corps, and the fame shall be examined with and corrected by the

Mufter Rolls; and in case no such Prize Lift as aforesaid shall be

fent to such Agent or Agents, he or they shall apply to the Com*.

miliary General of Mullers for Lifts of the Perfons entitled to (hare

in fitch Capture, and such Lifts shall thereupon be made out from

the Returns in the Office of the said Commiffary General of Muliers,

who ftiall cause the fame to be made out, and certify the Truth thereof

under his Hand; and any Perfon or Perfons who shall alter the Fraudul# ntly

Name or Rating of any Perfon or Perfons in any Lift which shall altering JLift.

have been so certified as aforesaid, or erase or take away any Name

therefrom or add any Name thereto after the fame shall have been fo

certified as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud any Perfon or Perfons

or Corporation whatsoever, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred

Pounds.	Penalty.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That within One Month after the Notifi*ition of Sale or Sales of any such Capture or Captures as aforesaid shall be Sale gb en in completed, public Notification shall be giveu by the Agent or Agents Ga*eU^*&cw appointed to fell the fame for the Payment of the several Shares to ]vioiuh and the Perfons respectively entitled thereto, which Notification shall be cv»i»y sent to inserted in feme Gazette or Newfpaper of Public Authority, or in 1 reaiurer of

Oie of the most Public Newfpapers of the island or Place where Chelsea Hoipiut such Sale, or Sales shall have been made, and if no Newfpapers are War Office.

there



33* •

C.86.

y*»nalrj .

Regift ra r$ t» tranlmit quai-terly *.o Treasurer i f Chvli’e* Hospital Lilt of Prizes a i-judged.

Rcgiftra rs of Vice A» !miralty Courts I o do ihe fame.

Penalty.

SuMVitut«d Agents »o ount-aMf to Clxltea Hofpital fc r unclaimed or forfeited Shafi*.

540 GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

there published then the said Notification shall be affixed to the Church or some other public and conspicuous Place ; and the Agent giving such Notification shall, by the firil Conveyance after the fame shall be given, transmit Two Copies of such Notifications and of the Gazette or Paper containing the fame to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital, and the other Copy to the War Office ; and every Agent who shall neglect to give such Notification or transmit such Papers as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

X.	And be it further ena&cd, That the Regiftrars of the High Court of Appeals and High Court of Admiralty respectively shall, on the Twenty sixth Day of March, the Twenty fifth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of September and the Twenty sixth Day of December in every Year, transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital or his Deputy, a Lift of all the Prizes taken in any Con-jun& Expeditions with the Navy and Army, which shall have been adjudged in their Courts rcfpc&ively in the Three Mouths preceding, together with the Names of the Capturing Ships and their Commanders, and of the Agents for the Captors, and the Dates of the Captures and Sentences refpc&ivcly.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That the Regiftrars of every Vice Admiralty Court shall, on the Twenty sixth of Day March and the Twenty fifth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of September and the Twenty sixth Day of December in every Year, or lo soon after each of such Quarter Days respectively as any Ship shall fail for England, transmit to the Treasurer of the Royal Hofpital at Chelsea a Lift of all the Prizes taken in any such Conjun£t Expedi* tion as aforesaid, which have been adjudged in their Courts refpcA-ively during the preceding Quarter of a Year, together with the Dates of the several Captures, as far as the fame may appear, the Names of the Capturing Ships and their Commanders, the Agents of the Captors, a Copy of the Decretal Part of the Sentences upon the fame, and at the fame time deliver or cause to be delivered a Duplicate of the fame to the Deputy of the said Treasurer resident at the Place where such Courts of Vice Admiralty are or shall be established, or to which their Jurifdi&ion shall extend; and in case any such Regiftrar of any Vice Admiralty Court shall neglect or refute to transmit such Lifts, or to deliver Duplicates thereof at the times and in the manner aforesaid, every Perfon so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That when and as often as any Agent or Agents appointed by the Captors of any Prize or Prizes For the Sale and Diftribution thereof shall, after the Proceeds of such Prize or Prizes or any Part thereof, or any such Bouuty Money as aforesaid, shall have been received, appoint or substitute any other Agent or Agents, or Perfon or Perfons, to distribute and pay over to any of the Captors their Shares for or on Account of such Prize or Prizes, and shall remit to such substituted Agent or Agents, or Perfon or Perfons, any Sum or Sums of Money for Diftribution as aforesaid, such substituted Agent or Agents, Perfon or Perfons, shall from the time of such Sum or Sums of Money being received by them respectively, be and they are hereby declared to be anfwer-able and accountable to the said Royal Hofpital for all and every Part and Parts, Share and Shares, of such Sum and Sums of Money

7	«



S4* GEO. III.

C.8<S,

333

as shall be unclaimed or forfeited by any of the Captors entitled to the fame ; and such fubftitnted Agent or Agents, Perfon or Perfons, shall not repay or refund the unclaimed or forfeited Shares of such Prize or Bounty Money, or any Part thereof to the original Agent or Agents who shall have remitted such Money for Diftribution 4s aforesaid, but shall after the time for Diftribution of such Prize Money shall have ceased, (and within the time in which Prize Agents are directed by this A61 to pay over Shares or Balanced remaining in their Hands) pay or cause to be paid all unclaimed and forfeited Shares of such Prize or Bounty Money unto the Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital, or his Deputy, in the fame manner and under the fame Reftridtions, and subject to the fame Penalties for Non compliance, as is directed respecting the original Agents appointed by the Captors of any Prize or Prizes.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rcgiftrar or Regift-nrs of His Majefty's High Court of Admiralty, and of all other Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty in His Majefty’s Dominions, shall, on the Twenty iixth Day of Marshy the Twenty fifth Day of June, the Twentieth Day of September and the Twenty sixth Day of December in every Year, or within Fourteen Days after each of such Quarter Days respectively, so far as relates to the High Court of Admiralty, and with refpedf to Courts of Viet Admiralty as soon after each such Quarter Days as any Ship shall fail for Great Britain, deliver or transmit unto the Treasurer of the said Hofpital, or to the lawful Deputy of such Treasurer foi • the time being, a true Copy or Tranfcript under his or their Han* J or Hands, of all Letters of Attorney that shall be exhibited or & *-livered to them after the passing of this Adi, by any Agent or A gen for any Prize or Prizes taken, or to be taken by any of His Majefty’s Ships or Vefleis of War or hired armed Ships in any Conjunct Jj,x^ pedition with His Majefty’s Army, or by any Agent or Agents for (he Receipt and Diftribution of any Bounty Bill or Bills in which the Army shall be entitled to share ; which Copy or Tranfcript (hafl contain the Days of Delivery and Entry, the Dates of the Letters of Attorney, the Names and Places of Abode of the Agent*, tHfc Names of the Prizes taken, or of the Ships of War or Pri rateerg of the Enemy taken, burnt, funk or otherwise destroyed, together with the Names of the Ships or Vefleis by which such Prices (htfty have been taken, or by which such Ships ot War or Privates* of the Enemy shall have been taken, burnt, funk or otherwise doftroyed* together with the Date of the Condemnation (if any Cond rmhatioft shall have palled therein), and of the Appeal (if any mtt.Tpofed)* to which Copies tin? Judge and Judges of the said Court ai id Court* shall affix his and their Seal of Office ; and the said Copies, wbeu received *by the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital :it Cheifed* shall be tli^re registered and open to Infpedtion by 8/iy Perfaja gratis ; the Charge of which Copies, and affixing the Sf al or Seak thereto, add tranfinitUng the fame to the Treasurer of tire said H<>£-jritaft, ftraflbe paid by the said Agent or Agents at the time of regiftr drim^ly* or thejr respective Letter or Letters of Attorney ; and id <&fe such Iteg* rar or Registrars shall neglect or refuse; to tranfcribfc |ffi^uch Copy'and Copies of $he said Letter and Letters ofnep ift warmer afoirefaiq* such Regiftrdr ancf Regiilrars io ^ of rrfu^ng j&afl forfeit the' Sum of One hundred Poipid£ '	  ^	'	'	XIV:	Aha

Reg: .trjrs to trap hiittoTreii-(up 3 of Chelsea H< fpital Copy of all Letters of A ttorney deli rered to them,

*	rith Particulate

•	#f Prices.

Penalty.





334

Notio i of Condemns t’»on fcnt by Age DttoTrei-i'urer c i Chelsea Hofpit al within Six W eeks.

‘Penalt y.

Acconn t of Sales ot Prizes sent also attested upon Oat b.

Penalty.

Manner of giving Notice i D Oazette or otherwise before t Distribution of Priaes.

C.86*	54°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1^4.

' XIV. And be it Further enabled, That every Agent resident in the United Kingdom shall, within Six Weeks after any Condemnation in the Hign Court of Admiralty of any Prize taken in any Conjunft Expedition with the Army, transmit a Notice of such Condemnation to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital, or his Deputy, together with an Account of the State of the Property condemned ut the time of such TranfmifTion, according to the Schedule marked (B.) in the Appendix to this Aft, on Pain of forfeiting for every Negleft the Sum of One hundred Pounds, unless a reasonable Cauie be lhewn to and approved by the Court of Admiralty.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That every Prize Agent /hall, after the Sale of the Proceeds of any Capture made by the Army is completed, transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital at Chelfeay an attested Copy of the detailed Accounts of the Sales of such Prize duly verified upon Oath, together with attested Copies of all Vouchers relating thereto 5 and every such Agent who shall neglect or refuse to transmit to the said Treasurer such attested Copies of Accounts and Vouchers, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes which have been or shall be taken from the Enemy by any of His Majefty’s Ships of War or hired armed Ships in any Conjunct Expedition with His Majefty’s Army, in this or any former War, or after the Receipt of any Bounty or other Monies in the .Nature thereof, in which the Army shall be entitled to share, by the Agent or Perfon authorized to receive the fame, public Notification iti manner hereinafter mentioned shall be given by the Perfons or iVgents appointed to receive the fame, for the Payment of the several S bares to the Captors; that is to fay, if the Prize or Prizes shall have been condemned in His Majefty’s High Court of Adrtiiralty of Gt'eat Britain, then the Perfon or Perfons, Agent or Agents, ap-poi.nted or to be appointed for the Appraifement and Sale of such rri'Ae or Prizes, shall insert and publisti, or cause to be inserted and published, such Notification under his or their Hand or Hands re-fpeft ively, together with a Notification of the Amount of an Individual's' Share in each Class, in the London Gazette, and if any Court of Vic* Admiralty, then in some Gazette or Newfpaper or Public Authority of the Ifland or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been o f shall be condemned, and if there shall be no Gazette or such other N ewfpaper published there, then in some one of the moil Public Newfpatpers of such Ifland or Place, and if no Newfpapers are there publiffied, then by affixing Notice to the Church, or some other Public ftuilding, directed by the Governor of such Ifland or Place; and all Perfons or Agents publishing or causing to be published every fudh Notification respectively, shall deliver to the Collector, Comptroller or Searcher for the time being of His Majefty’s Cuftoms Tefiding at or belonging to the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, or the lawful Deputy Or Deputies of such Collector, Comptroller or Searcher, Four of thole Oazettes or other Newfpapers in which such Notification shall be so inserted and published, together with Four Notifications of the Amount of an Individual’s Share in each Clafs 5 and if there should not be any Public Newfpapers in any fiieb Ifland or Place, then such Perfon or Perfons, Agent or Agents, shall give Four such Notifications



A.D, 1814*

.540 GEO. III.

C. 86.

m

tions in Writing, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, together with Four such Notifications of the Amount of an Individuals Share, to the said Colle&or, Comptroller or Searcher, or the Deputy or Deputies of such Colle&or, Comptroller or Search^** as aforesaid; and every such Colle&or, Comptroller or Searcher, or such Deputy or Deputies, shall subscribe his or their Name or Names on some conspicuous Part of each of the said Gazettes, Newfpapers or written Notification respectively, and shall forthwith deliver One of the said Gazettes, Newfpapers or written Notifications of Diftribu-tion, together with One of the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual’s Share, to the Deputy to the Treasurer of Chel/ea Hofpital, resident at the Place where such Court of Vice Admiralty is or shall be eftabliihed, or to which its Jurifdi&ion shall extend, and by the Firil Ship which shall fail (after his or their Receipt of such Gazettes, Newfpapers or written Notifications refpe&ivelyl from such Port or Place to any Port in Great Britain, shall transmit or fend to the Treasurer of the Royal Hofpital at Chelsea, or the Deputy of such Treasurer for the time being, One of the said Gazettes, Newfpapers or written Notifications, together with One of the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual’s Share, with his or their Name or Names so fubferibed to and upon the fame respectively, to be there registered 5 and shall by the Second Ship or Veffel which shall fail from the said Port or Place to any Port or Place in Great Britain, tranfinit in like manner to the Treasurer of the (aid Hofpital, One other of the said Gazettes, Newfpapers or other Notifications, together with One other Notification of the Amount of an Individual’s Share, marked by him a Duplicate of the former ; and shall faithfully preserve and keep the other of the said Four Gazettes, Newfpapers or written Notifications, and the other Notification of the Amount of an Individual’s Share, with his or their Name or Names thereon fubferibed as aforesaid, in his or their Cuftody 5 and at all Ports and Places where Vice Admiralty Courts with Jurif-di&ion in Prize Caufes are or shall be constituted, at which there shall be no Colle&or, Comptroller or Searcher, or other Officer of the Cuftoms, the said Gazettes, Newfpapers or other Notifications of Diftribution, together with the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual’s Share, shall be delivered to and transmitted and kept respectively, in like manner, by the Regiftrar or Deputy Regift-rar of such Vice Admiralty Court $ and at all other Places where

Prize or Bounty Money shall be distributed or payable, where there Audi be no Court of Vice Admiralty, the said Gazettes, Newfpapers or written Notifications of Diftribution, together with the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual’s Share, shall be delivered to the principal Civil Officer of the said Place, or hi3 Deputy, for the Purpofe of being transmitted and kept as aforesaid; and that in every such printed or written Notification as aforesaid, the said Perfon or Perfons, Agent or Agents, shall insert or specify the Name or Names of the Prize or Prizes about to be distributed, and of the Ship or Ships by which the fame shall have been captured, and also the precise Day of the Month and Year on which such Capture . or Captures shall have been made, and also his or their Place or Places of Abode, Christian and Surname, or Christian and Surnames, at full Length, and the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of the several and respective Shares of

the



33<5

C. 86.

Agent neeletling to g ve required Notification before Ditfributicn ot Prizes.

Penalty.

Collectors and other Officers ncgleiling to at-telt and lend public Notifications of Amount of Individual Shares.

Penalty.

Notifications, on Proof of j^nd-writing of

C'oll-Clor>iC-

fu’F^ient E**-

i«nc»

540 GEO. III.	A.D.	18144

the Prize or Prizes to the Captors ; and all fuck Notifications with respect. to Prizes condemned or to be condemned in Great Britain, or of which, being condemned abroad, the Diftribution shall be made in Great Britain, shall be published in the Landon Gazette Three Days at kaft before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion of any such Prize or Prizes shall be paid to arty such Perion or Perfons entitled thereto ; and all such Notifications with rcfpe& to Prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other Part of His Majelty's Dominions, where the Diftribution shall also be made in such other Part of His Majefly’s Dominions, shall be delivered to the said Collector, Comptroller or Searcher, Regillrar or Deputy Regillrar, or principal Civil Officer or Officers as aforesaid respectively, or such respective Deputy or Deputies, One Day at kaft before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion of any filch Prize or Prizes fhafl be paid to any Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto ; after which several and refpedtivc Notifications, if any Man’s Share shall remain in the Hands of the Perfons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, cither belonging to such Men as shall have deserted from His Majefly’s Land Service, or which shall not be legally demanded and paid within Three Months next after such Notification, then such Share or Shares so remaining in such Perfons or Agents Hands, or belonging to such Men as shall desert from His Majefty’s Land Service, shall go sod be paid to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Agent appointed or to be appointed for Appraifcment or Sale of any Prize or Prizes, taken or to be taken from the Enemy, by any of His Majefty’s Ships or VefTels of War or hired armed Vefiels in any Conjunct Expedition with the Army, or for the Diftribution of any Bounty Money, in which the Army shall be entitled to share, shall uegleCl or refute to publish, give or deliver aay Notification herein directed or required to be published, given or delivered,or shall not give, publish or deliver any such Notification before the Payment of any Part of such Prize or Bounty Money' or other Money in the Nature of Bounty Money, and within the times herein limited, or in the manner herein appointed, or shall not specify or fet forth in such Notification the Matters and Tilings herein directed to be specified and fet forth, every such Perfon or Agent shall, for such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Court in which the fame shall be sued for; and if any Collector, Comptroller or Searcher of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, Regillrar of any Vice Admiralty Court, or Principal Civil Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid, shall nogkft cr refuse to receive or to attest, or shall not transmit or fend any such Gazette, Newfpaper or written Notification or Notifications of the Amount of an Individual’s Share as aforesaid, in such manner as is by this A& directed, every such Colle&or, Comptroller or Searcher, Regiftrar of any Court of Vice Admiralty, Principal Civil Officer or Officers, or such Deputy" or Deputies so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted. That the Notifications in all such Gazettes, Newfpapers and in Writing respectively ae aforesaid, which shall be so transmitted and attested by such Colk&or, Comptroller or Searcher, Regiftrar of any' Court of Vice Admiralty, or Principal Civil Officer or Officers* or such Deputy jot Deputies at

aforc-

C^ooQle

54* GEO, III.

C. 86.

337

aforesaid, and registered at the said Royal Hofpital, on Proof of the Hand-writing of such Collector, Comptroller, Sencher, Rcgiftrar,

Principal Civil Officer or Officers, or Deputy Or Deputies, from time to time and at all times, shall be good and sufficient Evidence in all His Mriefty’s Courts of Law and Equity, and Admiralty, that the Per-fan or Perfons whose Name or Names is or are therein fet forth and fpeciLd as the Agent or Agents of the Prize or Prizes therein ref-pe&ively mentioned is or are such Agent or Agents.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That at the End of Four At End of Four Months after the Date of the Notifications of Dillributions by this Months after Ad directed to be given, every Prize Agent ahd Pcrfon authorized f^teof Nytifica-lo receive any Bounty Money or other Monies to which His Majcfty’s	p*^

Army arc or shall be entitled, whether such Monies shall have arisen Agent Hull pay from Captures made bv the Army alone, or in conjunction with the overB.dan.es Navy, shall pay over all Shares and Balances then remaining unpaid unpaid to I’rea-to the Trcafurer of Chefcn Hofpital, or such Pcrfon or Pcrfons as (^r^^1 ca he shall appoint and depute to receive the fame, or duly remit the tra^it\o him fame for Payment in England; and shall likewise make out and all Account of transmit to the said Trcafurer of the Lid Royal Hofpital, or his Produce of Deputy, a true Statement and Account in Writing under his or their Fuze, with Pay-Hand or Hands, of the Produce of all such Prize or Prizes, Bounty nlerP ot sl™re*’ or other Monies as aferefuid, together with an Account of the Pay- ve4lhc on al* * meats of the several Shares to the Parties entitled thereto, which shall have then been really and truly by him paid, and shall verify such Statement and Account on Oath (which Oath the said Trea-furrr of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter); and such Agent or other Perfons authorized as aforesaid shall at the fame time deliver to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, a Copy (upoo Oath) of the Diftribution Lift on which the Payments have been made, and of the Prize Lift delivered by the Commander or Commanders of Regiments, or of the Capturing Ship, or the Com-mifftoners of the Navy, or Commiffary General of the Mufters, as the case may have been, to the Prize Agent, or such other Pcrfon or Perfons as aforesaid: and every Prize Agent, and Perl'on authorized NcglefUng. to receive Bounty and other Monies as aforesaid, who shall ref life or

t£l, as herein directed, to pay such Shares and Balai

vithin

Th rty Days after the Expiration of inch Four Months, fhall-forfeit

th; Sum of One hundred Pounds, and pay Intereft upon such Shares Penalty.

and Balances after the Rate of One Shilling jVr Centum pet' Month ;

and every Px*i/.e Agent or Pcrfon authorized to receive inch Bounty

or other Monies as aforesaid, who shall have neglected or relufed to Refufing to

tram mi t and verify within such Four Months an Account, as above noiimit Ac-

threthd, of the Proceeds of such Prize, Bounty or other Monies as C4,jnt*

aforesaid, and of the Diftribution thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Penalty.

hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it farther er.acted, That, from and after the passing Five p^rCent. of this Act, the Sum of Five Pounds per Centum fhr.ll be allowed to Army Prize Agents upon all Prize or Bounty Money, or Money b ia the nature of Prize Money, w hich shall be distributed by them to the Captors entitled thereto, or be paid over to Cbelfea Hofpital in pursuance of this A6t.	:f

XXI* And be it further cna<fted> That after the Balances shall Treasurer 1 have beet) so j>aid over to the Treasurer of Chelj'ea Hofpital, or his	0

;:..$40eo. III.	Z	Deputy,	oiHcefori*.

C^ooQle

ceiving Claims. for Shares.

CommifTioned Ofhcer dire£ting his Diftributive Balance not to be paid over, fame to remain uirh Agent.

No Dedu&ion allowed in Payments of unclaimed or tor-feited Shares.

Agents Abroad to deliver verified Accounts in Vice Admiralty Court in Six Months nftc r Commencement of Diftribution, and remit Balances to Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital in certain Period.

Penalty.

Treasurer of Chelsea Hoipital exercising Powers given by Law to compel Agents to account, &c.

C. 86.	54°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1814.

Deputy, the said Treasurer, or his Deputy» shall keep an Office open from Ten of the Clock in the Morning to Four 01 the Clock in the Afternoon, on every Day in the Week (Sundays excepted) for the Purpofe of receiving Claims for Shares, to be refunded according to the Provifions of this Aft, and shall pay and refund such Shares when demanded, according to the Regulations in this Aft contained.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Commiffioned Officer of the Army shall direct by any Order in Writing that his distributive Share or Balance shall not be paid over to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital, or his Deputy or Deputies, the fame shall for the Space of Three Years remain in the Hands of the Agent, subject to all such further Order as such Officer may give respecting the fame : Provided neverthcless, that if at the End of Three Years such Share or Balance shall not have been paid over to the Officer entitled to the fame, the Agent shall pay the Share or Balance remaining in his Hands to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital, or his Deputy or Deputies.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Deduftion shall be allowed on any Account in the Payments of unclaimed or forfeited Shares and Balances paid over to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital, or his Deputy or Deputies, for any Sums not appearing upon the Dillribution Lift to have been thereon paid, unlels fatis-faftory Vouchers from the Parties entitled thereto, or their lawful Attornies, are produced for the fame.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That every Agent acting as such in any of His Majefty’s Settlements, Colonies or Plantations Abroad, or in any Place out of the United Kingdom, for any Prize taken in any conjunft Expedition with the Army, shall make up his Accounts, and deliver up and verify the fame in the Vice Admiralty Court in which such Prize shall have been condemned, in such manner as the said Court shall require, within Six Months after the Commencement of the Diftribution of the Proceeds of such Prize, and shall under the Direction of the Court, on the Application of the Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital, or of his Deputy there resident, and in such manner as shall be specified in any Order made for that Purpose, remit all unclaimed Balances and Shares payable to the Army, and all Shares of Deferters from the Army, to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital in England, so as that the fame, as to every Place except the East Indies, may be paid to the said Treasurer within Six Months, and as to any Place in the Ea/l Indies, within Twelve Mouths next after exhibiting his Accounts in such Court, in such manner as the said Court shall require as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting the Sum specified in his Bond for the due Performance of his Duty as a Prize Agent.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That all Powers and Remedies given by this Aft to, or that may by Law be used or enforced, or Aftions that may be brought by any Captor or Captors, to compel Agents to exhibit their Accounts and verify the lame, and bring in Proceeds, and enforce Diftribution or the Performance of any other Duty in his said Char after as Agent, or for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties, may and shall be used, exercised, enforced and put in Execution on behalf of the Army generally, or on behalf of an y Individual belonging to the Army and entitled

34	to



C. 86.

339

54* GEO. III.

to Share in any Prize or Bounty Money, by the Treasurer of Chilfea Hofpital, in as full and ample a manner as by the Captors thcmselyes, or any individual Captor himself; and that all the said Powers and Remedies which may be used and enforced, or Adlions which may be brought against an Agent, shall and may in case of the Death of such Agent be used and enforced or brought by the Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital, against his Legal Perfonal Rcprcfentative, if such Perfonal Reprefentative shall have received Allets of his Teilator ; and the Eitate and Effefts of such Agent shall, as far as the fame will extend, be answerable and accountable for the Prize Money so unaccounted for, and the Penalties imposed by this Aft for not duly accounting for the fame.

XXVI. And be it further ena<sted, That all Shares of Prize Shares of Priz® Money due and to become due to Non Commiftioned Officers and Money paid to Soldiers of the Army, in case of such Conjunft Expeditions as Pcrlons entitled aforesaid, shall be paid by the Agent or by the Treasurer or Deputy ^ereto, or Per-Treafurer of Chelsea Hofpital, or his Chief Clerk, as the case may ^Orde^'et require, to the Perfons entitled thereto, or Perfons authorized by an forth in Sche-Order in the Form fet forth in the Schedule to this A & annexed duie C. marked (C.) to receive the fame ; which Order shall specify the Place, Fortrefs or Ships out of which the Prize Money shall have arisen, together with the Name of the Regiment or Corps to which such Non Commiffioned Officer shall have belonged at the time of the Capture; and the Perfon making such Order mall also procure and produce a Certificate in the Form or to the Effe& fet forth in the Schedule marked (D.) which Certificate shall be signed by the Certificates pro-Commanding Officer, Adjutant and Paymafter of the Regiment in	^or,n

which such Perfon shall be serving, provided the Signatures of such Officers can be obtained ; and in case the Signatures of all or any nexe<j marked of such respective Officers cannot be obtained by reason of the D, E, and F. Regiment, or Part of the Regiment being on Detachment or other unavoidable Cause, then and in such case such Certificate shall be signed by such of the said Officers as may be present where the Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier is then serving, and any other Commiffioned Officer of the Regiment or Corps then present, so that there shall not be less than the Signatures of Three Commiffioned Officers to such Certificate ; or in case such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier shall be detached from his Regiment, or be in any Hofpital or Sick Quarters, so that he cannot procure such Certificate of his Officers as above mentioned, the fame shall be dated particularly on the Order, and the Certificate shall be signed by the Three Senior Officers belonging to such Detachment, or by the Surgeon or principal Medical Officer belonging to such Hofpital or Sick Quarters (as the case may require), and by Two other principal Military or Civil Officers belonging to such Hofpital, or residing at such Quarters; or in case such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier shall have been discharged from the Service, then he shall procure and produce a Certificate in the Form or to the EfTedl fet forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (E.), and which shall be signed by the Minifter and One of the Churchwardens, or (if in Scotland), by the Minifter and One of the Elders, in the Pariffi or Place in which such discharged Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier may then reside; or if such Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier shall be dead, then the Perfon entitled to receive his Share

Z 2	of



34o

I’rovifo*

Provifo.

Order* for Payment to have Stamp.

Order altered after Attention.

Mifdemeinor.

T reafurer of Chelsea Hofpital appointing Deputy.

No Fee taken

on paying any Sl aie refunded bv Chelsea Hofpital.

Penalty.

Agents tofatlsfy C airns of l’er-fons accompanied with a Requifi-tion from Trea-furer of Chelsea Hof] ital.

C. 86.	54® GEO. III.	A.D.1814,

of fucli Prize or Bounty Money shall procure and produce a Certificate in the Form or to the Effedt fet forth in the Schedule here-unto annexed marked (F.), which Certificate shall be signed by the Minifter and One of the Churchwardens, or (if in Scotland) by the Minifiler and One of the Elders, of the Parifh or Place in which such Perfon shall then reside: Provided always, that every such Order as above deferibed shall be revocable by the Perfon making the fame: Provided also, that no such Order shall be valid to authorize the Receipt of any Prize Money or Bounty Money which shall be in course of Payment or Diftribution to any such Non Commiflioncd Officer or Suldier as aforesaid, ,if the Party making such Order fiiall be then residing or Dwelling within the Difiiance of five Miles from the Place where such Prize Money ,cr Bounty Money shall be payable; and if any Agent or Agents for Prizes shall pay or cause to be paid any Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money to any Perfon or Pcrfons upon any Order made, within the Difiiance aforesaid from the Place where such Prize Money or Bounty Money shall be Payable, such Prize Money or Bounty Money being in a Courfe of Dillribution at the time of making such Order, such Payment fiiall be void to all Intents and Purpofes.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That upon every Order made under the Authority of this Adi diredling the Payment of Prize or Bounty Money, a Stamp Duty of One Shilling and no more shall be payable to His Majesty, and that no Order purporting to authorize the Receipt of Shares due to more than One Perfon shall be deemed valid, but that the fame shall be void and of no Eifedl,

XXVIII.	And be it further enadlcd, That if any Perfon shall insert, or cause to be inserted in any Order or Authority for receiving Prize or Bounty Money after Atteftation thereof as hereinbefore directed, any other Matter than what fiiall have been originally ex-prefiod in the said Order or Authority, when the fame shall have been attefiied, the said Perfon fiiall, for every such Offence, be deemed guilty of a Mifdemcanor, and be punifiied accordingly.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That it fiiall be lawful for the said Trcafurer of the said Royal Hofpital for the time being to nominate and appoint such Perfon or Perfons as he may think fit to be his Deputy or Deputies for receiving Applications and Claiir.% for Prize and Bounty Monies to which the Army shall be entitled^ and for other the Purpofes of this Adi, at such Port or Places as he fiiall from time to time think necefiary.

XXX.	And be it further enadlcd. That no Perfon paying any Share or Balance of Prize Money refunded by Chelsea Hofpital, shall receive any Fee, Gratuity or Reward from or on account of any Payment thereof, or of any Adi, Matter or Thing done relating to the procuring or paying the fame to any Claimant, or any Perfon on his behalf, under any Pretence whatsoever, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence One hundred Pounds,

XXXI.	And be it further enadlcd, That in all cases in which any Claim of Prize or Bounty Money fiiall be made upon any Prize Agent or Prize Agents, accompanied with a Requifition in Writing from the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital in the Form in the Schedule to this Adi annexed marked (G.), requiring that such Claim may be either satisfied or a reafoa afiigned for its Ddallowance,

fuch

CjOOQ Le

54* GEO. III.

C. 8 6.

34*

such Prize Agent or Prize Agents shall either Pay the fame or slate in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands the reason of his or their refuting to do so, and deliver the fame to the Party claiming the fame and presenting such Requifition.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That all Tetters or Fackets letters on addressed to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital for the Art,,,rs of CheU time being, upon any Bufinefs or Affairs relative to Prize Matters, [ea or upon any other Bufinefs or Affairs of the said Royal Hofpital, rCe °	°	***’

(bail, from and after the pafling of thi3 Aft, be freed from the Duty of Postage; and also that all Letters or Packets sent by the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital for the time being or bis Deputy, upon such Bufinefs or Affairs as aforesaid, shall be sent free from the said Duty of Poftnge ; and all Letters and Packets relating to the Matters aforesaid that shall be forwarded by the said Treasurer as aforesaid shall be under Cover, with the Words “ Pur-u suant to Aft of Parliament, Fifty fourth George the Third,** printed upon the fame; and the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, shall write his Name under the fame ; and they and each of them are and is hereby strictly prohibited from in-doling or fending under such Covers any Writing, Paper or Parcel whatsoever, excepting such as relate to the Bufinefs or Affairs of the said Royal Hofpital.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer or Sending any bis Deputy shall fend or convey, under any of the Covers aforesaid, thing under

any Writing, Paper or Pareel, other than those relating to the Bufi- pover not relat-refs or Affairs of the said Royal Hofpital, the Perfon so offending ins to 0 plta *

. shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One Penalty, hundred Pounds.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon employed

by Chelsea Hofpital in executing the Regulations of this Aft shall nottoaftai ad as an Agent for Prizes, or be concerned directly or indirectly in piize Agent** the Bufinefs thereof, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Pcrfons

shall falsely make Oath to any of the Matters hereinbefore required to be verified on Oath, or suborn any other Perfon so to do, such Perfon or Pcrfons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties a3 are incurred by Pcrfons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury.	Perjury.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That all and every. Perfon Perfons negleft-or Perfons hereby directed to transmit or deliver all or any of the in° t0 traui“llt Accounts before mentioned, who shall refuse or noglcft to transmit ^hcUcaHoiViuL or deliver all or any such Account or Accounts to the Treasurer of

the said Hofpital, or his said Deputy, within the time before limited and appointed, in Manner and Form hereinbefore mentioned, fh^ll, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, Penalty, and shall pay the Expence of any Application to any Court to compel the Produftion and Delivery of the fame.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Fraudi Col- Pylons commit-lution or Deceit, shall be wittingly or willingly made, used, com- l,nS	m

mined, permitted or done or suffered in making, dating or balancing ccoun *• such Accounts, then every Perfon or Perfons who shall be thereof duly conviftcd, and his and their Aiders and Abettors, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Capture* madd of this Aft, the Proceeds of all Captures made prior to the r,,or t0 Jan *» Z 3	Firft	1805, not yet



C. 86.

dilhibuted, dif-tribut^d under Regulations of

Act.

Regiftr irs of Admiralty Courts having Prize Money in Hand to account for fame within certain l ericd.

Receipt in what

case Dil'charge.

54° GEO. III.	A.D. 1814.

First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, in this or any former War, in which the Army shall be entitled to share, and which shall not have been already advertized for Diftribution, shall be diftnbutcd under the Regulations of this Adt, and the forfeited and unclaimed Shares payable to the Army, be accounted for and paid to the Treasurer of Chelfca Hofpital, within the fame Period and in like manner as by this Act is diredtcd ; and that the Agents for all Captures made previous to the Firfl Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, in this or any former War in which the Army shall be entitled to {hare, and which have already been advertized for Diftribution, shall render Accounts, and pay the forfeited and unclaimed Shares payable to the Army to the said Treasurer of Chelfca Hofpital, within Three Months after the pasting of this Adt; any thing in any former Adt contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

* XXXIX. And Whereas divers Sums of Money are now re*

*	maining in the Hands of the Regiftrars of the High Court of

*	Appeals, High Court of Admiralty, and of the several Courts of € Vice Admiralty respectively, arising from Prizes taken in fucli

*	Conjundt Expeditions as aforesaid, and in which the Army are

*	entitled to share, which have been finally adjudged to the Captors,

*	and which have not been claimed by the Perlons respectively en-

*	titled thereto, or any Perfon or Perfons on their behalf ;* Be it therefore enacted, That the Regiftrars of the said High Court of Appeals, of the High Court of Admiralty, and of every Court of Vice Admiralty in His Majefty’s Dominions shall within Three Months, so far as relates to the High Court of Appeals and the High Court of Admiralty, and with respect to Courts of Vice Admiralty in the Eafl Indies within Two Years, and with respect to such Courts in any other Parts of His Majefty’s Dominions, within One Year next after the pasting of this Adt, render or transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital at Chvlfcay or his Deputy, an Account of all Sums of Money in which the Army shall be so entitled to share, which has been paid into the Courts as aforesaid re-Ipedtively, up to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and which at the time of rendering such Account shall remain in their Hands respectively and at the fame time pay over or remit to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, such Part of the said last mentioned Sums of Money as the Army shall be entitled to ; and that the Receipt of the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, or the Regiftrar paying such Money, shall be a good and effectual Difchargc to such Regiftrar to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever 5 and with respect to all Monies in which the Army shall be so entitled to share as aforesaid, which have been so paid to the said Regiftrars respectively since the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or which shall hereafter be so paid, and which shall have remained in their Hands respectively for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the Prize or Prizes from which such Monies shall have proceeded shall have been finally adjudged to the Captors, unclaimed by the said Captors, or the Perfons respectively entitled thereto, or by any Perfou or Perfons on their behalf, it shall be lawful for the Judge or Judges of the said Courts respectively, upon Application by the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, to order Payment thereof to-

the

CjOOQle

C. 86.

343

A.D.1814.

540 GEO. III.

the said Treasurer, or his Deputy; which several Sums, when so paid to the said Treasurer or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be dif-tnbuted among the Parties respectively entitled thereto, or their legal Reprefentatives, by theJTreafurer of the said Hofpital, in like manner, and subject to the fame Regulations, so far as the fame can be made applicable, as in cases of Diflribution by the Agents of the Captors.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where the Offence of taking Offences of a false Oath, or suborning any Perfon so to do, or any of the Offences taking a fair* by this Ad made cognizable in any of His Maj. fly's Courts of Re- Oarh, *c. cord in Great Britain, shall be committed, out of this Realm, the bounty in fame may be alleged to be committed and may be laid, enquired of, inland, tried and determined, in any County in England, in the fame manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been actually done or committed within the Body of such County.

XLI. And be it further enacted. That all Penalties and Forfei- Penalties and tures imposed by this Ad, wheresoever the fame shall arise or be- Forfeitures how come forfeited, may be recovered by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint recovered, or Information in any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record in Great Britain, unless in cases where aay other Mode i9 by this Ad particularly directed ; and all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, which shall arise or become forfeited in any Part of His Majelly’s Dominions abroad, may be recovered in any Court of Record of His Majesty in the Colony, Territory or Place where the fame shall arise or have become forfeited, or in any of His Majefty’s Vice Admiralty Courts having Jurifdidion there.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties Penalties to go and Forfeitures by this Ad imposed, other than as aforesaid, and l® Chelfe* other than such as are by this Ad directed to be otherwise applied 0 plta and disposed of, ffiall go and be applied to the Ufe of the Royal Hofpital at Cbel/ea, and shall be sued for in the Name of the Com-miflioners thereof.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, ‘That, from and after the Perfonaiing passing of this Ad, whosoever willingly and knowingly shall personate e^c01po^gyS or falsely assume the Name or Charader of, or procure any other ^obtain Wag” to personate or falsely to assume the Name or Charader of any or Prize Money. Officer, Soldier or other Perfon entitled or supposed to be entitled to any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money or Prize Money, for Service done in His Majefty’s Army, or the Executor or Admi-nillrator, Wife, Relation or Creditor of any such Officer, Soldier or other Perfon, in order to receive any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due or payable for or on Account of the Services of any such Officer or Soldier, or other Perfon, as aforesaid; or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or aid or assist in forging or counterfeiting any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Order, Certificate, Alignment, last Will, or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, m order to receive any such Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money or Prize Money, which shall be due or be supposed to be due to any such Officer or Soldier, or other Perfon, as aforesaid; or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath, or procure any other Perfon to take a false Oath to obtain the Probate of any Wul or Wills, or to obtain Letters of Adminiilration in order to receive the Payment of any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money or Prize Money whicn shall be due, or be supposed to

Z 4

be

344

C.86.

A.D.i814.

Death,

Commilfioners of Chelsea Hof-jiital may issue Precepts to such Perfons as they believe to have received Money belonging to Tree ps to render an Account of lame within limited time.

Neg!ctl:J)5

account#

540 GEO. III.

be due to any such Officer, Soldier or other Perfon as aforesaid, who ffiall have really served, or shall be supposed to have served in His Maiefty’s Army; or if any Perfon shall, from and after the passing of this A61, utter or publish as true, or shall aid or assist in uttering or publishing as true, or shall cause or procure to be uttered or publiffied as true any false, forged or counterfeited Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Order, Certificate or Affignment, lad Will, or any other Power or Authority, whatsoever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due to any Officer or Soldier, or other Perfon who shall have really served, or ffiall be supposed to have served, or ffiall hereafter serve or be supposed to have served in His Majefty’s Army, with Intent to defraud any Perfon or Corporation whatsoever, knowing the fame to be false, forged or counterfeited, every such Perfon, being thereof lawfully convicted, ffiall be deemed guilty of Felony, and ffiall fuller Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it ffiall be lawful for the Commiflioners of the said Royal Hofpital at Chelsea, from time to time to issue Precepts under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Three or more of them, directed to such Perfons as they may have reason to believe have received Monies Payable to such Officers, Soldiers and Troops as aforesaid, under any Powers of Attorney or Power of Attorney, Order or Orders heretofore or hereafter to be executed, requiring them within Two Calendar Months next after the time at which such Precept ffiall have been served, in case the Perfon or Perfons to whom it ffiall be directed ffiall reside within the United Kiudom ; but if he or they ffiall reside in any Part of His Majcity’s Dominions abroad, then by the Firll Ship which ffiall fail from the Port or Place nearclt to that at which such Perfon or Perfons ffiall relide, next after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from the time at which such Precept ffiall have been served as aforesaid, to deliver or transmit upon Oath (which Oath any Jultice of the Peace or Magifirate, or the Treasurer or Deputy Trea-furer of the said Royal Hofpital at Chelsea, for the time being, is hereby authorized to adminifter), an Account of all Monies which may have been received by such Perfon or Perfons, under such Powers or Orders, Power or Order, as aforesaid ; and in case the fame or any Part thereof ffiall have been so paid over, then to whom the fame or any Part thereof has been so paid over as aforesaid ; and ffiall at the fame time pay or remit to the Treasurer or Deputy . Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital, such Part of the said Monies as ffiall remain in* his or their Hands unpaid, to the Parties beneficially entitled to it, or to their Ufe; and in case such Monies ffiall not be .paid over or remitted to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer within the time limited by this Adf, the fame ffiall be recoverable from the Perfon detaining the fame by A£ion for Money bad and received, or otherwise, in the Name of such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital at Chelsea; and the (ame, when so paid in qr recovered, ffiall be for the Ufe of the Parties bene-iicially entitled thereto, and be otherwise applied as forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize are by this Aft directed to be applied ; and in case any Perfon or Perlons upon whom any such Jh'cccpt ffiall be served as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to deliver

or

booQle

C. 86.

34J

$4° GEO. IIL

or transmit fach Account within the time limited by this Act he or they Hull, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Uie of the said Rcval Hofpital at Chelsea, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be re- Penalty, covered by A£tion of Debt, to be brought in the Name of the Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital at Chelsea for the time being, in either of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVcjlmtnjlcr; or in case the Offender or Offenders shall rciule Abroad, in any Court of Record of the Country of which he shall be an Inhabitant at the time the Offence shall be committed, unless sufficient Caufe shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Co mm if lion era of the laid Royal Hofpital at Chelsea, why such Precepts have not been complied with.

XLV. And be it further enaCled, That in case any Perfon or Precept*

PerfouS upon whom any such Precept or Precepts as aforesaid shall enforced, have been served, shall neglcdt or refuse to pay Obedience thereto, and shall in consequence thereof pay the Penalty incurred by such Difobedience, it Hull, nevertheless, be lawful for the said Commif-lioners of Chelsea Hofpital, and they are hereby empowered to repeal such Precept or Precepts until the Accounts thereby required shall hive been duly rendered and delivered $ and such Perfon or Perfons Hull be and is and are hereby declared to be liable to a separate Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Precept to be served upon him Penalty, or them, to which due Obedience shall not be paid, to be recovered in manner aforesaid.

XLV I. And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Treifurerof Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital at CheU Clv.l ea Hofrital /m, with respect to all Monies which have been received by such Perfon or Perfons as last aforesaid, under any Power or Powers, ^ t c. 104 Order or Orders executed subsequent to the pafling of the said recited A£l of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, at all iea-fonable times to have Accefs to the Books, Papers, Accounts and Vouchers of any Perfon or Perfons to whom such Precepts shall be directed relative to such Tranfactions, to which such Precepts shall have Reference ; and such Perfon or Perfons is and are hereby required to produce the fame to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, whenever he or they shall be required so to do, in order that such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer may peruse, examine and take Extra&s or Copies of so much thereof as he may think proper; and in case any such Perfon or Perfons as last aforesaid shall refufe	in.

or neglect to produce such Books, Papers, Accounts and Vouchers, fpc&ion. or any or cither of them, upon ten Days' Notice to be given to him or them for that Purpose, he or they shall forfeit and pay for every Penalty, such Offence, to the Ufe of the said Royal Hofpital at Chelsea, the Sum of Fifty Pounds to be recovered by Action of Debt, in the Name of the Deputy Treasurer of the said Hofpital for the time being, in either of His Majefty's Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler, unless sufficient Caufe shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Com-Tnifiioners of the fjid Royal Hofpital at Cfhelfeay why such Books,

Papers, Accounts and Vouchers shall not have been produced as aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately Money in after the Service of any such Precept as aforesaid, all Monies received Hands of Per-under such Powers or Orders as aforesaid, which shall at that time ^ whom be in the Hands of the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Precept j*recelji*havc

oeen ill uea, to

v^ooQle

C. 86.

A.D.1814.

34«

540 GEO. III.

become Pro* perty of Hof-pital.

When Frauds discovered in Accounts, B'U in Equity hied.

Commiflioners of C. H. may authorize Payment of Shares to next of Kin, without Admin iftration.

Claims for Prize Money by next of Kin of Foreigners paid without requiring Adminiflration, &c.

shall be directed, shall be deemed and considered to be the Property of the Commiflioners of the said Royal Hofpital at Chclfca% to be applied by them, nevertheless in the manner by this Aft dirc&ed; and with respect to the Monies which may have been received by such Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid, under any Power or Order, Powers or Orders, which shall have been made and executed before the palling of this Aft, in case the said Treasurer or Deputy Trea-furer shall upon Infpe&ion of the Vouchers and other Documents relating to any Account which shall be rendered and delivered in Obedience to any such Precept or Precepts as aforesaid (which Vouchers and ether Documents by this Acf they are authorized and empowered to call for and infpeef) be dissatisfied with such Account, and have reason to believe that the Payments therein Hated to have been made, or any or either of them, have not been really and truly made, or that such Account is in any other respect fraudulent or defective, it shall be lawful for such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chclfea Hofpital, and they are hereby refpe&iveiy authorized and empowered to file a Bill in Equity against such Perfon or Perfons, in order to such Account being regularly taken and examined, and other Proceedings being had relative thereto, according to the usual Courfe of Courts of Equity ; such Bills to be filed in the Name of the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital at ChelJ'ea for the time bein^, and not to be considered defective on account of the Perfons beneficially entitled to the Monies which shall be the Subjedf of them not being made Parties thereto.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners of the said Royal Hofpital at Chelfca to authorize their Deputy Treasurer to pay to any Perfon or Perfons who shall prove him, her or themselves to the Satisfa&ion of such Cora-miflioner8, or of the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, to be the next of Kin or legal Representative, or otherwrife legally entitled to any Share of Prize Money belonging to any deceased Soldier, any such Share not exceeding Twenty Pounds, although such Perfon shall not have regularly taken out Letters of Adminiflration, or have procured the Probate of any Will of such deceased Soldier, Seaman or Marine.

XL IX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Claims for Prize Money to be made upon the said Royal Hofpital at Cbclfeabj the next of Kin of Foreign Non Commiflioned Officers or Soldiers who shall have been in the Pay of His Majesty, and who shall have died Intestate, and which next of Kin shall reside out of His Majefty*s Dominions, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital for the time being, to pay and discharge such Claims to such next of Kin, or any Perfon or Perfons duly authorized by such next of Kin to receive the fame, without requiring the Produ&ion of Letters of Adminiflration to the Perfon appearing upon the Prize Lift to be entitled to the Share or Shares which shall be so claimed; and in all cases where such Foreign Non Commiflioned Officers or Soldiers shall have made Wills, it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer in like manner to pay and satisfy such Claims to the Perfon or Perfons who, by Inlpe&ion of the Original Will, or an authenticated Copy thereof, shall appear to be entitled thereto, or to such Perfon or Perfons as he, (he or they (hall

duly



347

A.D.1&I4*

54° GEO. III.

C. 8 6.

icily authorize to receive the fame, without requiring the Produftion of Probates of such Wills.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital at Chelsea for the time being, and he is hereby directed and required to lay annually before both Houfes of Parliament an Account in the Form fet forth in the Schedule to this Aft, or in some Form to the fame Tenor and Effest; and that such Accounts shall be made up to the Twenty fourth Day of December in every Year, the first of them to commence from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, up to which Period Accounts have already been laid before Parliament.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners of the Royal Hofpital for Soldiers at Chelsea, at all times hereafter, by Warrant under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Three or more of them, directed to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said last mentioned Hofpital, from time to time to appropriate such Sums of Money, forming a Part of the forfeited and unclaimed Prize Money already paid in or hereafter to be paid in, as they or any Tljree or more of them may think expedient and proper to the Current Services of the said last mentioned Royal Hofpital.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, and they are hereby required to render to the Commiflioners of the said Hofpital a just and true Account of all their Receipts and Payments under the Authority of this Aft Four Times in every Year; that is to fay, to the Twenty fourth Day of <September, the Twenty fourth Day of December, the Twenty fourth Day of March and the Twenty fourth Day of June, in each Year ; and the said Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to examine, audit and finally pass the said Accounts; any Powers, Authorities and Directions in any other Aft of Parliament to the contrary in aov wife notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and lifter the pafling of this ACt, no Stamp Duty shall be payable to His Majesty upon any Order for any Non Commiffioned Officer’s or Soldier’s Prize Money in cases where such Prize Money shall not amount to Forty Shillings.

JL1V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pafling of this ACt, all Receipts given or taken for Prize Money, or Balances paid or received by the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital, be exempt from and not liable to any Duty of Stamps whatsoever; any |Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Expences incurred or to be incurred in executing this Aft and also the laid recited Aft, and the Sums paid in remunerating the Officers or Perfons employed on behalf of Chelsea Hofpital, for their Care, Pains and Trouble in performing the Regulations and Direftions thereof, shall so far as the fame relates to those Officers or Perfons be subject to the Difcretion of the CommifEoners for managing the Affairs of the fame Hofpital, and shall be paid out of the Intereft of unclaimed Share or Snares of deserted Men, invested in Government Securities, or if neceflary

out

Accounts laid annually before Parliament.

Forfeited or unclaimed Share* applied to current Services of Hofpital.

Treasurer to render an Account quarterly.

No Stamp Dut/ paid on Orders for Sums less than 40s.

Receiptsexempt.

from Stamp Duly.

Expences in executing A6t paid out of unclaimed Shares.





Provifo for Ageuu.

Penalty.

C. 86.	54	GEO.	m.	A.D.1814.

out of the Principal Monies in the Hands of the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said last mentioned Hofpital on account of such Shares rcfpe&ively, the Accounts of the said Expences and Remunerations being annually returned to Parliament: Provided neverthe-less, That no Perfons employed by the said Commifiioners of Chclfea Hofpital in executing the Regulations of this A& or the said recited A&, shall act as an Agent for Prizes, or be concerned directly or indiredUy in the Dufincis thereof, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds.

[5V* as to Greenwich Hofpital, c. 93.

Schedules to which this A & refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

KNOW all Men by these Presents, that we	of

and	of

are jointly and severally held and firmly bound to our Sovereign Lord The King, and to the Commander in Chief for the time being of His Majefly’s Land Foroes, in the Sum of Two thou-fand Pounds of lawful Money of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, current in England, to be paid to our said Sovereign Lord The King, and to the Commander in Chief for the time being of His Majeity’s Land Foroes, or either of them, or their certain Attorney, SuccefTors or Afligns for which Payment to he well and truly made we bind ourselves and each of us, by himfils, our and each of our Heirs, Executors and Adminiflrators, firmly by these Presents, sealed with our Seals, dated the	Day of	in the	Fifty

fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

THE Condition of this Obligation is such, That if the said as a Prize Agent, shall duly execute hisTrufl in all Matters of Prize Agency that shall be committed to his Care ; and if the faid	his Executors or Adminiftrators,

do and shall well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, to the Captors of the several Prizes for which he shall be appointed Agent, all Sums of Money due to them or any of them, provided the Claims for such Money shall be made within the time limited by A6t of Parliament for Agents to pay Shares of Prize Money to Captors, and shall and do within Four Months from such Notification pay or cause to be paid unto the Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital, or his Deputy there, all Shares and Balances then remaining unpaid, purluant to the A6fc of Parliament of the Fifty fourth George Third, Cap. then this Obligation shall be void, otherwise the fame shall be and remain in full Force and Virtue.

5CHE-

C^ooQle

AD. 1814.

54° GEO. III.

C. 86.

349

SCHEDULE (B).

FORM of Condemnations to be signed by the Prize Agent, and transmitted to Chelsea Hofpital, agreeably to the	Section,	Fifty	fourth	of	The

King.

a i «1  u	■Z c  is  sz	Capturing Shi; or Ships entitled la Share.	Commnn-ler’s Name	Date of Sentences.	Date of Appeal if any.	Decretal Pr.rt of  Sentence, v, hethe* for Capture, Sal v.iL;c <>r Head Money.	State of the Propel tv condemned, and in what it consists.
		■ '					

SCHEDULE (C.)

AT Seven Days Sight, pay to the Amount of the Share of Prize or Bounty Money d in refpe£t of	Service as a	in

Regiment of	at the Capture of

Month of	One thousand eight hundred

To	Agent	for the Capture of	;

or, To the Treasurer or Deputy Treafurcr of Chelsea Hofpital (as the case may require.)

SCHEDULE (D.)

CERTIFICATE for a Soldier now serving.

THESE are to certify. That we have examined the above named who signed or acknowledged the above Order ia our Prefence ; and from the Documents which he has (hewn us, and his Anfwers to our Queftions, we have Reafon to believe that the faid	was serving in the above

mentioned Regiment at the time of making the said Capture, and that he is now serving as a	in	the	Regiment

of

Given under our Hands at	the	Day	of

One thousand eight hundred and	*

Commanding Officer* Adjutant.

Paymafter.

or Ordet ue to the

in the

}

SCHE-



35°

C. 8 6.

540 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

SCHEDULE (E.)

CERTIFICATE for a Soldier who has been discharged.

THESE are to certify. That we have examined the above named who signed or acknowledged the above Order in our Prefence, and from the Documents which he has (hewn us and his answers to our Queftions, we have Reafon to believe that the faid	was	ferving in the above mentioned

Regiment at the time of making the above Capture, and that he was discharged on the	Day	of	One	thoufand	eight

hundred and	5	that	he	now resides in this Paristi, and is

an Out Penfioner of Chelsea Hofpital.

Given under Our Hands at	this

Day of	One	thoufand eight hundred and

Minifter.

N. B. If not a Penjloner	Churchwarden	(or)	Elder

those Words to be erased.	(as the case may	be.)

SCHEDULE (F.)

CERTIFICATE for a Perfon who is entitled to the Prize Money of a deceased Soldier.

THESE are to certify, That we have examined the above named who (igned or acknowledged the above Order in our Prefence, and from the Documents annexed and his [or her) Anfwers to our Queftions, we have reason to believe that the above named	is	dead,	and	that	the	faid

is the	to	the	faid	deceased,	and	that	he	(or	fhe)

now resides in this Parifti.

Given under our Hands at	the

Day of	One thousand eight hundred and

Minifter.

N. B. Annex the Documents	Churchwarden	(or)	Elder

alluded to.	(as	the	cafe	may	be.	)

SCHEDULE (G.)

ACT of Parliament Fifty fourth George Third, Chapter , Se&ion

Chelsea Hofpital.

I request that the Prize Money noted on the Document which will be produced herewith may be paid, or that a reason may be affirmed for its Difallowance, in the manner pointed out in the above Act of Parliament.

A% B. Treasurer.

SCHE-

C^ooQle



SCHEDULE (H.)

The ACCOUNT of the Deputy Trcafurer of the Royal Hofpital at Chelsea, directed to be annually laid before both Houfes of Parliament, by an Aft of the 54th Geo. III.

o

o



o

>

*

Date of Year,

To Cafh ariiing from forfeited and' unclaimed Shares of Prize Money, Ac. received from Prize Agents; viz.

[Here fet forth the Names of the several Perfons from whom the Mo- * nies have been received\ the several Sums received from each Perf on, and the several Captures, &c. to which each Sum relates

£• s* d*

Date of Year.

By Cafh refunded to Claimants

By D° paid in remunerating the" Officers ot the said Royal Holpital and other Perfons, for their Pains and Trouble in carrying the Provi- ► fions of the said Aft into Execution, and in defraying all other contingent Expences attending the fame

£• /• d

To D° arising from the Dividends") or Intereft of Monies inverted in / the Public Funds or other Govern- f ment Securities.	J

N.B. There are now standing in" the Names of the Governor, Lieutenant Go vernor and Deputy Treasurer of the Hofpital, and they are in the ► Porteffion of the Several Sums of Stock and the other Government Securities under mentioned, videlicet. -

[Here fate the Particulars.]

By Dc inverted in the Public* Funds or other Government Securities

Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer -

cr\

A.D. 1814.	540	GEO	in.	C.86.

35*

54° GEO. III.

A.D. 1S14.

Duties on Glafs

fyecified in Schedule A. levied.

39	& 40 G. 3. c 67.

40	G.3. (I.) c. 38.

Countervailing Duties Ipcrihed in Schedule B. paid on Importation of Gluis into Ireland.

Drawbacks fpe-cined in Schedule C. allowed on Expoituiion of Gl i*.

C.87.

C A P. LXXXVII.

An Act to grant Duties of Excife on certain Sorts of Glafs made in Ireland, and to grant and allow certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof*

[14th July 1814.]

* Mod Gracious Sovereign,

4 ^Y7E, Your Majelly’s moll dutiful and loyal Subjeds, the Com-4 VV mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland 4 in Parliament afiembled, towards railing the necefhiry Supplies to 4 defray Your Majeily’s Public Expcnccs in Ireland\ have freely 4 and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majedy. the 4 Duties hereinafter mentioned,’ and do mod humbly be leech Your Majedy that it may be enacted, and he it enabled by The King's Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament adembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Commencement of this A61, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majedy, his Heirs and Succcifors, upoii and in respect of the several Sorts of Glafs made in Ireland, mentioned, fet forth and expressed in the Schedule marked A. hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Inland Excife as they arc respectively described and fet forth in the said Schedule; and the said Schedule dial! be deemed and taken to be Part of this Ad, to all Intents and Purpofes.

4 II. And Whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provifions of 4 the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in rc-4 spect of the Duties imposed by this Ad on certain Sorts of Glafs 4 made in Ireland, Duties should be charged on the like Sorts of 4 Glafs being the manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from 4 thence into Ireland) fufticient to countervail the said Duties in 4 Ireland;y Be it therefore fuither cna&cd, That, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, there shall be charged on the Importation into Ireland of the several Sort) of Glass, being the Maim Tad ure of Great Britain, mentioned, fet forth and described in the Schedule marked B. to this Ad annexed, the several Countervailing Duties in the said Schedule in Figures respectively inserted, Ue-feribed and fet forth ; and that upon the Exportation from Ireland of any Glafs of like Denomination being the Mauuiadure of Ireland, to Great Britain, there shall be allowed ami given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty on Brit'.Jh Glafs of the like Denomination.	f	See	c. 129. 0 1 o. pojl.]

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation from Ireland (except to Great Britain) of any Plate Glafs or Wiudow Glafs made in Ireland or made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland\ there Ihali be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked C., upon Proof being duly made that fucli Glafs respectively Audi have paid the several Duties imposed thereon by this Ad, in refdcd of which such Drawback shall be claimed, and such Drawback shall be paid and allowed in such manner and under such Rules and Regulations as are in force in Ireland, with respect to Drawbacks payable on any Articles exported from Ireland, so far as the fame can be applied.

4



IV. And

A.D.i8i4"

353

54'

GEO. III.

C.87.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Draw- Duties and backs in this Ad and the several Schedules hereunto annexed, fpeci- Drawbacks in lied, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and payable, and received ®ntlt^ Cur-and receivable, according to the Amount thereof in British Currency 5 rency*

and that all and every the Duties granted by this Act, the necef-fary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame being deduced, shall be carried to and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

V.	And be it further enabled, That in every Entry Inwards to In Entries In-bemade on the Importation into Ireland of any Plate Glafs or Win- wards, Number dow Glafs of any Sort, of the Manufadure of Great Britain, toge- °J?3u:,r%^e? ther with the Value of all such Glass, there shall also be inserted the £nd vVcidu of Number of Square Feet of all such Plate Glass, and the Weight of Window GUs all such Window Glaf9, according to the Cockets thereof refpec- inierted. tively, as certiiied on the Exportation of such Glafs from Great

Britain, and in case it shall be found that the Number of Square Feet of any such Plate Glass, or the Weight of any such Window Glafs Hated in any such Entry, shall not correspond with the Number of Square Feet or with the Weight specified in such Cockets respectively, all such Glafs shall be forfeited, and may be. Penalty, seized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife.

VI.	And, for securing the Payment of the Duties by this A d Glnfs Makers t» granted, be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement takeout

ot this Ad, no Perfon in Ireland, shall make or manufacture any Licence.

Sort of Plate Glafs. or any Window Glafs which by this Ad or the Schedule thereto annexed are made liable to a Duty of Excife, without having a Licence for that Purpofe in force; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or for any One of them, or for any Perfon or Perfons to be for that Purpofe appointed by the said Commissioners, or by any Three of them, to grant any such Licence or Licences to any Perfon or Perfons in Ireland for the manufaduring of filch Sorts of Glafs or any of them, in which Licence shall be fet forth the true Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons taking out the fame, and the Place in which every Glafs House, Workhouse, Work Shop and Warehoufe of such Perfon or Perfons shall be situated ; and every such Licence shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of Continuance. March next after the granting of the fame; and if any Perfon shall make any such Glafs without having taken out such Licence, such Perfon shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds Penalty.

British Currency.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon in Ireland Glafs Makers who at any time after the Commencement of this Ad, shall make t° Entrv or manufacture any Plate Glafs or Window Glafs on which any ^ EwiieOflics Duties of Excife are by this Ad imposed, shall within Seven Days Q^\ity’0f next after the End of every Calendar Month in the Year, make a GUIs made, true Entry in Writing at the Excife Office for the Diftrid in which

the Glafs House, Workhouse, or Work Shop of such Perfon shall be situate, of the Quantity and Weight of all Plate Glafs or Window Glafs respectively made at every such Glafs House, Workhoufe or Work Shop within such Calendar Month, and shall verify such Entry upon Oath, or if a Quaker, upon solemn Affirmation, of the Oatb.

Perfon or Perfons or One of them who shall keep such Glafs Howie, Workhoufe or Work Shop, or of his, her or their Chief 54 Geo. III.	A a	Workman





Penalty.

Duty on Materials calculated asur t>s. 0$d. for every Square Foot of GLis.

Duty paid ;n Fourteen Days.

Penalty.

Penalty.

Officer of Ex-

cife may inspect Books of Quantity of Glaia made by Makers.

C.87-	54C	GEO. III.	A.D.i8t4.

Workman or Clerk employed in the conducing the making of such GJafs, or in the keeping an Account of the Glafs made therein, according to the best of his, her or their Knowledge or Belief; which Oath or Affirmation shall and may be administered by the ColkCtor or Surveyor of Excife of the DiltriCt within which such Glafs House, Workhoufe or Work Sho > shall be, without any Fee or Charge for the fame 5 and every Maker of such Glafs who (hail ncgleCt to make such Entry, verified as aforesaid, shall, for every NegleCt or Default, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds Briti/h Currency.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That the Duty by this Ad and the Schedule thereto annexed imposed on the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations made life of in the making of Plate Glass, shall be calculated and paid after the Rate of Six Shillings and Six pence Halfpenny Briti/h Currency of every Square Foot Superficial Meafure of such Plate Glafs when manufactured, and of which such Entry shall be made as aforesaid ; and such Sum of Six Shillings and Six pence Halfpenny for every Square Foot Superficial Meafure of such Plate Glafs shall be received by the Colledor of Excife of the District, as and in full Satisfaction for the Duty imposed on such Materials or Metal or other Preparations as aforesaid ; and that every Perfon who shall make or manufacture auy such Plate Glafs or Window Glafs as aforesaid, shall from time to time within Fourteen Days after he, she or they shall have made or ought to have made such Entry as aforesaid, pay to the Colledor of Excife of the DiftriCt all Duties for or in respect of all such Plate Glafs or Window Glafs as shall have been made within such Calendar Month, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Default therein the Sum of One hundred Pounds Briti/h Currency, and Double the Amount of the Duty whereof the Payment shall not be so made; and that no such Perfon shall fell, deliver or carry out any such Plate Glafs or Window Glafs until he or (he hath paid and cleared off all Duty due thereon as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds Briti/h Currency, and Double the Value of the Glafs so fold, delivered or carried out.

IX.	And be it enaCled, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excife in Ireland once in every Month, upon producing a written Order for that Purpose, signed by the Colledor of the DiftriCt in which any such Glafs House, Workhoufe or Work Shop shall be situated, to require any Maker or Manufacturer of Plate Glafs or Window Glass, or his Clerk or Manager, who shall keep any Account or Quantity of Glafs made in such Glafs House, Workhoufe or Work Shop, to shew and produce to such Officer all such Books of Account as shall contain any Entry of the Quantity or Weight of any such Glafs as shall be made in such Glafs House, Workhoufe or Work Shop, or of any TranfaCtion from which the Quantity or Weight of any Glafs made in such Glafs House, Workhoufe or Work Shop shall appear, and such Maker or Manufacturer of such Glass, or his Clerk or Manager, shall suffer such Officer to infpeCt all such Books of Account and compare them with the Entry made by such Maker or Manufacturer of Glafs at the Excife Office of the DiftriCt in manner required by this ACt, and if any such Maker of such Glass, or his Clerk, Manager or Servant shall not upon such Demand made shew and

10	produce



3S5

A.D.i8i4*	54° GEO. III.	C.	87.

produce to such Officer all filch Books as aforesaid, and suffer such Officer to infped and examine the fame, every such Maker of such Glafs shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds British Currency.	Penalty.

X.	And be it further enabled. That the several Duties and Draw- Duties and backs by this Ad and the Schedules hereunto annexed, granted and Drawback*, fro, allowed, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Ad, shall be ^ow

raised, levied, collected, paid or allowed, and sued for, recovered and applied, in the fame manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Diredions, as are appointed, diredcd and expressed for the railing, colleding, levying, paying, managing and allowing of any Duties or Drawbacks, or the suing for, recovering or applying any Penalties in and by an Ad made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for settling of the Excife or new Impojl upon His 14*15 Car.*. Majesty, bis Heirs and SuceeJforsy according to the Book of Rates (h) Self 4. c, 8. therein inserted; or in and by an Ad, made in the Forty sixth 46 G.3. c.106. Year of His present Majclly’s Reign, intituled An A3 to provide 5cc* for the better Execution of the several Ads relating to the Revenues,

Matters and Things under the Management of the Commijfioners of Cufloms and Port Duties, and of the Commijjioners of Inland Excife andTaxej in Ireland 5 or in and by any other Ad or Ads which may be in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Excife and Cuiloms, or either of them, as fully and efTedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame Rules and Diredions were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party A ^ or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said Ads, or any of them, is or shall be provided.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall commence Commencemsiit and take Effed from and after the Expiration of One Calendar of Ad.

Month next after the palling thereof.

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

A.

DUTIES OF EXCISE on Glafs made in Ireland.

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, which shall be made in Ireland For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flafhed or otherwise manufadured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glafs or German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Ireland	-	-	-

For every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatever, by what Name soever the fame are or may be called or known, which shall be made use of in Ireland in the making of Plate Glafs	-

£.

I

3

4

x. d.

10 o

13	6

18 o

A a 2	COUNTER.

CjOoq le

So much of any A€t as regulates the Number of Charges of Low Wines repealed, and Duties paid on several Numbers of Charges

B.

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES on Glafs made in Great Britain and imported into Ireland.

	£. td.
For every Square Foot Superficial Meafure of Bri-	
tifh Plate Glafs -	066!
For every Hundred Weight of British Spread Win-	
dow Glass, commonly called Broad Glafs	1 10 0
For every Hundred Weight of all other Britifh	
Window Glafs (not being Spread Glafs) whe-	
ther flafhed or otherwise manufadured, and com-	
monly called or known by the Name of Crown	
Glafs or German Sheet Glafs	3 *3 6

C.

DRAWBACKS on the Exportation from Ireland (except to Great Britain) of Glafs made in Ireland; or made in Great Britain and imported from thence into Ireland.

For every Square Foot Superficial Meafure of Plate Glafs .....

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glafs ...

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flafhed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glafs or German Sheet Glafs ....

£. /. d.

o 6 6{

i io o

13 6

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An A£t to amend the several A&s for regulating and fecur-ing the Colle&ion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.	[14th	tJuly 1814.]

•	TT7 HE REAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for

•	W the securing of the Collection of the Duties on Spirits

•	diddled in Ireland ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Commencement of this ACt, so much of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland at the time of the palling of this Ad, as regulates or defines the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable wherefrom any Diftiller is chargeable with Duty in respect of any Still or Stills used by such Distiller, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed $ and that, from and after the Com-

mencement



C. 88.

357

A.D.1814.

54- GEO. III.

mencement of this Aft, every Diftiller in Ireland shall, for every Four to forth in Weeks or Twenty eight Days during which any Still or Stills in the anae*ed» Diftillery of such Diftiller shall continue or shall be presumed to continue working, or shall be chargeable as working under the Regulations or Provifions of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland for the regulating or securing the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, be charged with and shall pay Duty for such respective Quantities of Spirits a9 might be produced according to the Rates specified in the laid Afts as amended by this Aft, from the several Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines severally fet forth in the Table to this Aft annexed, for and in respect of each and every such Still being of the several Contents in the said Table specified and contained, in lieu of the former Charges in respect of such Stills; and that every such Diftiller shall, over and above such several Quantities respectively, be charged with and shall pay Duty in respect of each and every such Still or Stills for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates in the said Afts as amended by this Aft, specified from all Pot Ale, Wa(h, Low Wines or Singlings, which such Diftiller shall actually distil within every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above such several Quantities respectively ; and the Officer or Officers in Charge of the Diftillery of such Distiller, shall make a Return of the Quantities of such Spirits, and of the Duties thereon accordingly, and such Diftiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned, under such Rules, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures as are contained in any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland for the regulating or securing the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits (Milled in Ireland.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted. That whenever any Dif- Mode of tiller licensed to keep a Still or Stills under One thousand Gallons Con- chi»rs,ns when tent, and exceeding One hundred Gallons Content, shall insert in the Not,ce,s S1ven Notice which he is bound by Law to give to theCollector, Surveyor and Gauger, before he commences or recommences to work a Still, or shall give Notice in like manner, Six Days before the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, that he proposes to work any Still or Stills in his PofTeffiou during the next succeeding Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, such Diftiller shall for every complete Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which any such Still or Stills shall be worked with no other Fuel than Turf not charred, be charged	,

with and pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates aforefaid), from Three Fourths of the Number of Cliarges of Singlings or Low Wines to which such Still would otherwise be liable, and also with Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the said Rates, from all Pot Ale, Wafh, Singlings or Low Wines which such Diftiller shall actually distill within such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days over and above the Quantity produceable from such reduced Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines as aforesaid.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That if any such if during Notice Still in the Pofleffion of any Diftiller shall, at any time during any uf working with Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, in which the Diftiller .VrktTwhh1'

A>«11 Kua	VT_	_	f____1.1_______C I. fi.'ii p . mi •» rn c

of working SliU wrh Turf only charred.

shall have given Notice of working any such Still or Stills with Turf Coal,&c. full

A a 3	only,





3S«

C. 88.

54° GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

Number of Charges made. 50 0.3. c. 15.

Coni, &c. found within Dillillery during Notice for using Turf.

Penalty.

51 G. 3. C. 145. § 4-

repealed.

Mode required of delivering an Account of Quantity of Malt actually

only, be worked with any Coal, Coke, Charred Turf, or other Fuel than Turf not charred, all and every Still and Stills in the PoflVflion of such Distiller, not ftrapped down, taken down or difptaird in manner directed and appointed in and by an Ad made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majcfty’s Reign, intituled An A8 to grant to His MajcJIy Duties upon Spirits made or dflilled in Ireland from Corn; to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; to make further Regulations for the Encouragement of JAcer.fed Dijliliers; and for amending the Laws relating to the Dijtillery in Ireland ; shall be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, for the whole of the said Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Diftiller (h?ll have given such Notice that he proposes to work any such Still or Stills in his Pofleflion during any Period with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, it shall not be lawful for such Diftiller having given such Notice to have or keep within his Diftillery or any Premifes coni.tdcd therewith, at any time during such Period, any Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred; and if during any such Period any Coal or any other Fuel than Turf not charred shall be found within the Dillillery of such Distiller, or within any Premifes connected therewith, all such Coal or other Fuel shall be forfeited, and may be seised, and the Diftiller within whose Diftillery or other Premises, such Coal or other Fuel shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and such Diftiller shall also be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the said Period, for and in respect of every Still in his Diftillery which shall by Law be considered as working without any Allowance whatever, for or in respect of the Ufe of Turf therein, and as if every such Still had been worked with Coal during such Period.

V.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com-menccment of this Ad, so much of an Ad made in the last Scflion of Parliament, intituled An A8 to amend the federal Ads for regulating the Diflillation of Spirits in Ireland, as relates to or requires any Diftiller to produce and deliver an Account of the Quantity of Malt mashed or brewed by such Distiller, or as requires any Diftiller to use a Quantity of Malt in Proportion to the Quantity of Spirits with which he shall be chargeable in any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, or impoles any Penalty against such Diftiller for any Deficiency of such Quantity of Malt, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, save and except so far as may concern the prosecuting, suing for, recovering or levying any Fine or Penalty which shall have been or may be incurred under the said Ad of the Fifty third Year aforesaid.

VI.	And, instead of the aforesaid Proviiions of the said recited A6t of the Fifty third Year aforesaid hereby repealed, and for the better securing the Ufe of Malt in the making of Spirits, and the Payment of the Duty on all Malt so used, be it enacted, That, from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, every Diftiller of Spirits from Corn or Grain, malted or unmalted, shall, within Seven Days next after the Wednefday in the Fourth Week of any Period of Four Week*, during which any Still

or





C.88.

AD.1814.	54°	GEO.	III.

3 S9

or Stills of such Diftiller shall be chargeable as working immediately permitted to succeeding any Day on which such Diftiller shall have given Notice M»(hKet?t, of his Intention to commence brewing or maflung of Corn, malted or &c* anmalted in his Diftillery, and in like manner within Seven Days next after the Wednefday in every Fourth Week, of every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, while any Still or Stills of such Diftiller shall be chargeable as working, produce and deliver or cause to be produced and delivered to the Officer in charge of the Diftiilery of such Diftiller an Account of the Quantity of Malt adtu-ally permitted to the Ma(h Keeve of such Diftiller within the Four Weeks ending on and including such Wednefday ; and if, upon such Account and the Permits which shall have been granted for the permitting of such Quantity of Malt into the Malh Keeve of such Dif-till r, it shall appear that the Quantity of Malt so permitted shall be lefsthan after the Rate of One Barrel of Malt for every Twenty four Gallons of Spirits which such Diftiller shall distil, or shall be charged or chargeable with from all Wa(h brewed or made by him within such last mentioned Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, ending on such Sunday, then in such case every such Diftiller shall, for every Barrel of such Deficiency of Quantity of Malt, forfeit and pay the Sum of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence British Currency ; and Penalty if any such Diftiller shall refuse or neglect to produce and deliver, or cause to be produced and delivered any such Account to such Officer within the time aforesaid, every such Diftiller shall, for every Twenty four Gallons of Spirits distilled by, or with which such Diftiller shall have been charged or chargeable from all Wafh brewed or made within such Period, forfeit and pay the Sum of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence British Currency, One Third Part of Pena’ty. which said ieveral Forfeitures shall be paid and dillributed to the Officer or Officers who shall prosecute for the fame, and the other Application of T wo Third Parts thereof shall be placed to the Account of the Duties Penaltie*-on Malt payable in Ireland.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any case where Penalty hour the Commissioners of Excife may conllder that the Officer ought not applied.

to receive the said One Third of the said Penalty of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence, it shall and may be lawful for the said Com-miflioners, either to remit such One Third Part of the said Penalty, or to direCb that the whole of the said Penalty of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence shall be placed to the said Account of the Duties on Malt payable in Ireland.

VIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case where How the Duty the Quantity of Malt actually malhed or brewed, and permitted to w^en

the Malh Keeve of any Diftiller in any Period of Four Weeks or )els tha“

Twenty eight Days, shall be less than after the Rate or Proportion	^ cu e *

by this A& directed and preferibed, it shall and may be lawful for

such Diftiller to pay or cause to be paid to the Colle&or of Excife

of the D»ftri& in which the Diftillery of such Diftiller shall be fitu-

ated, within Ten Days next after the End of the said Period of

Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, such Sum or Sums of Money

as shall be equal to the Amount of the full Duty now by Law

chargeable, or which shall be hereafter chargeable on a Quantity of

Malt equal to the Quantity which shall appear ta be so deficient in

such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days; and in every

such case such Diftiller shall not be liable to be proceeded again ft for

A a 4	the





3 6«

C. 88.

Tn‘Vrtmtr a greater Quantity of Malt tn Account than Stock dccreafed.

Penalty.

Collcftor to require Diflillers to take following Oath*

Oath.

t \>Ue*flor to ad-miniiler Oath.

Penalty*

54" GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

the aforesaid Penalty of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence for every Barrel of Deficiency of Quantity of Malt in such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Collector, to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid, shall place the fame to the Account of the Duties on Malt payable in Ireland.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Dilliller shall insert in any Account required to be delivered by this Ad, a greater Quantity of Malt as having been mashed or used or consumed by such Dif-tiller within the Period mentioned in such Account, than such Quantity as shall appear to have been decreased within the said Period in the Stock Account of the Malt made or received by such Dif-tiller, every such Diftiiler shall, for every Barrel of such Excefs of Malt, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Colledor of the Dif-trid within which the Diftillery of any Diftiiler shall be situate, or the Perfon placed in charge of the Colledion of such Diftrid by the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, shall, within Seven Days next after the Fourth IVednefday in every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days while any Still or Stills of such Diftiiler shall by Law be chargeable as working, require such Diftiiler to make, take and subscribe, and such Diftiiler shall make, take and subscribe, in the Prefence of such Colledor or other Perfon placed in Charge as aforesaid, an Oath (or solemn Affirmation, if a Quaker) of the Tenor and Purport following; that is to fay,

I A. B. do make O&th [or, solemnly affirm]. That within the Period of Four Weeks ending on Wednefday inclusive the «	Day	of	, there were actually and

* bona fide mashed and brewed within my Diftillery * Barrels of Malt, and no more or less, and that all such Malt « so mashed or brewed was duly permitted into the Mafh Keeve in the * said Diftillery according to Law; and that all the Malt, for the 4 permitting whereof into the Mafh Keeve in the said Diftillery dur-* ing the said Period Permits have been produced by me, was * actually mashed, brewed and employed within the said Diftillery * during the said Period, and that the said Permits were fairly and • legally obtained without any Fraud or Deception, and without • any Injury to His Majefty’s Revenue, directly or indirectly 5 and • that all Duties of Excife on the said Malt so mashed were duly « and fully paid and satisfied: And all this I swear (or, affirm 1 to * the best of my Knowledge and Belief, and according to the bell • Information which it has been in my Power to obtain.

• Sworn before me	this	Day	of

* C. D. Colledor [or, in charge of the Colledion]. * of the Diflrid of And such Colledor or Perfon so placed in charge of the Collection of such Diftrid shall have full Power, and is hereby authorized and required to administer and receive the said Oath, and shall attest the fame by fubferibing his Name to the Jurat, or taking of the fame 5 and if any Diftiiler, being thereunto required, shall neglect or refuse to make, take and subscribe such Oath or Affirmation, such Diftiiler shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, jand such Diftiiler mail also be subject to the like Penalty or

Forfeiture

C.88.

3r>i

A.D.1814.	54*	GEO,	III.

Forfeiture as is by this Ad imposed on any Diftiiler for not Penalty, producing and delivering or causing to be produced and delivered the Account hereinbefore required by this Ad.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- Malt or Corn mencement of this Ad, no Diftiiler in Ireland shall ma(h or brew P°wnd in P*ro-any Malt or Corn malted or unmalted within his Diftiilery at any

time during the Four Days after the Fourth Wednefday in the	£oticc of

latl Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days of the whole of ditcor.tinumg <•

anytime during which the Still or Stills of such Diftiiler shall be work Still, for-

chargeable by Law as working, nor at any time during the Four

Days next preceding any Day in which such Diftiiler shall have

given Notice of discontinuing to work his Still or Stills; and in cafe

any Malt or Corn malted or unmalted shall be found in the Progrefs

of mafhing or brewing within any Diftiilery during any Part of

such Period of Four Days, all such Malt or Corn shall be forfeited

and may be seized 5 and the Diftiiler in whose Diftiilery the fame

shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- 53 G. 3. c. 145. mencement of this Ad, so much of the said recited Ad of the § *•

Fifty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for amending the several Ads for regulating the Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland; and also so much of another Ad made in the said Fifty third Year 53 G. 3. 0.94* of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to grant an additional § 6-Dwty of Exeife on Spirits made or dijlilled from Corn or Grain m Part re^a ' in Ireland, as enads or provides that any Diftiiler shall be charged with and shall pay a Duty on every Gallon of Excefs of Spirits over and above the Quantities with which such Diftiiler shall be chargeable in manner mentioned in the said recited Ad, at and after the Rate of One Half only of the Duty charged or chargeable on or payable by such Diftiiler in other cases, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, every Diftiiler in Ireland shall be chargeable with and shall pay the full Duty on the whole Quantity of Spirits with Ful1 Dllty which such Diftiiler shall be chargeable by Law ; any thing in the chafsed-faid recited Ads or either of them, or in any other Ad or Ads to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the 53G*3*C*M5*

Commencement of this Ad, so much of the said recited Ad of the *11 •	.

Fifty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, as empowers the ,nPaitrePea e Commiifioners of Inland Exeife and Taxes to make any Allowance

to any Diftiiler, or to abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Diftiiler may be chargeable by Law in any Period of Four Weeks, in consideration of any Lofs by any Fatality or Accident,

shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That in case it shall be made Allowance appear by any Diftiiler, to the Satisfadion of the Commiftioners ™ade *°Dil* of Inland Exeife and Taxes, that upon the whole of any Period t,Pe™*n.refP«a of Twelve Weeks such Diftiiler shall have actually dillilled and SpiriL.^6”^ ° been charged with, and shall have paid Duty for the full Quantity

of Spirits Jor which such Diftiiler shall be liable to be charged according to Law, within the whole of the (aid Period of Twelve Weeks, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commiftioners to abate any Surcharge of Duty which may have been made on such Diftiiler in respect of any Deficiency in the Quantity of Spirits

diitilled



C. 88.

A. D. 1814.

Provifo.

Diftillers charged for Worts of greater Gravity than those taken an Account of.

VefTelsfounJ

Steam-tight

forfeited.

54° GEO. III.

diftilled in the Diftillery of such Diftiller at the End of any Period of Four Weeks during the said whole Period of Twelve Weeks, and to make a proportionate Allowance to such Diftiller in respect of such Surcharge so abated ; and in like manner if it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that upon the whole of any Period ending with the time when such Diltiller (hail discontinue working, such Diltiller lhail have actually diltilied, and have been charged with and shall have paid Duty for the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Diltiller shall be liable to be charged according to Law within the whole of any such Period, it shall in such cale aifo be lawful for the said Commissioners to abate any Surcharge of Duty which may have been made on any such Diltiller in respect of any Deficiency in the Quantity of Spirits diltilled in the Diftillery of such Diltiller at the End of any Period of Four Weeks during the whole of any such Period, ending with the time when any such Diltiller shall discontinue working as aforesaid, and to make a proportionate Allowance to such Diltiller in respect of such Surcharge so abated s Provided always, that no such Abatement or Allowance shall in any case be made by such CommiUioners unless the full Quantity of Spirits with which the Diltiller applying for such Abatement or Allowance shall be by Law chargeable, lhail have been actually made and diltilled in the Diftillery of such Diltiller within the whole of the several Periods as aforesaid; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithltanding.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That if at any time after any' Officer or Officers of Excife lhail have taken an Account and afeer-tained by the Saccharometer the Gravity of any Worts, Waffi or Pot Ale, in any Back, Vat or other Veftel in the Diltillery of any' Diltiller, and before the Expiration of the time within which such Worts, Walh or Pot Ale is or shall be by Law required to be diltilied, there shall be found any Worts, Walh or Pot Ale of any greater Gravity (as afeertained as aforefaid) than the Gravity of the Worts, Walh or Pot Ale, of which an Account had been previously taken in the fame Back, Vat or other VefTel as aforesaid, all such Worts, Walh or Pot Ale of such greater Gravity contained in such Back, Vat or other Veflel, shall be conlidered as Worts, Walh or Pot Ale, not included in any former Charge against the Diltiller, and such Diltiller shall be charged with Duty in respect of such Worts, Walh or Pot Ale, in the fame manner as any Diftiller is or shall be by Law chargeable in respect of any Worts, Walh or Pot Ale.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, it shall not be lawful for any Diftiller or Perfon licensed as a Diftiller under any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, to have, keep or use in the Diftillery of any such Diftiller any Pot Ale Charger, or any VefTel, Utenfil or Apparatus for charging any Still with Pot Ale or Low Wines, or by means of which any Still shall or may be charged with Pot Ale or Low Wines which shall be (leam-tight, or which shall be covered so as the Officer in charge of the Diftillery cannot uncover the fame without any Delay, whenever he shall fee fit, and if any such Pot Ale Charger, or other VefTel, Utenfil or Apparatus so being fteam-tight, or covered aa aforesaid, shall be found in the Diftillery of any Distiller, the fame shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Diftiller in whose Diftillery

v^.ooQle

A.D. 1814.

C.88

363

54“ GEO. III.

tillery the fame shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and it shall and may be lawful for the Officer in charge of any Diflillery to uncover any such Pot Ale Charger, or other Veffel, Utenfil or Apparatus, or to remove the Cover of the fame, when and as often as he shall think fit.

XVII. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the Commencement of this A&, if any Diftiller or Perfon licensed as a Diitiller under any A6I or A&s in force in Ireland, shall, in the diililling of any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or for or in any Procefs appertaining or relating thereto respectively, have or keep or make use of any Charger, Vat, Back or other Veflel, Utenfil, or any Appendage or Apparatus whatsoever, being covered or fleam-tight, and communicating or connected directly or indirectly with any Still, Still Head, Worm or Copper, or any Part thereof re-fpe&ively, whereby or by means whereof the Content or Capacity of such Still, Still Head, or any Part thereof shall be directly or indirectly enlarged beyond the licensed Content of the fame, or whereby or by means whereof the Quantity of Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Spirits capable of being distilled in such Still shall or may be directly or indirectly increased, or whereby or by means whereof any such Charger, Vat, Back or other Veffel, or Utenfil, Appendage or Apparatus, shall or may be used or applied or applicable as any such Still, or in like manner as such Still or any Part thereof can be used or applied in or for the Pinrpofe of diflilbng, or in or for any other Purpose, or to any other use than such Charger, Vat, Back or other Utenfil, Apparatus or Appendage may and ought by Law to be used or applied; all and every such Charger, Vat, Back or other Veflel, or Utenfil, Appendage or Apparatus, and all and every such Still, Still Head, Worm or Copper, or any Part thereof with which the fame shall be connected, shall be forfeited, and may be seized ; and the Diftiller in whose Diflillery the fame shall be found shall forfeit any Licence or Licences before that time granted to him and then in force, and shall in all respects become and be considered as an unlicensed Distiller, and shall be subject and liable to all such Penalties and Forfeitures as unlicensed Diflillers are liable to by any A€t or Ads in force in Ireland at the time of the palling of tnia A&, and it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes to grant any Licence for distilling to the Diftiller in whose Diflillery such Apparatus shall be found, or in any such Diflillery, for the Space of Three Years.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon who shall take any Oath or make any Affirmation, by this A& required to be taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, any such Perfon, being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Perfons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Perfon shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Perfon or Perfons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Oath or Affirmation, any such Perfon, being duly convicted of such procuring or suborning, shall, for every such Offence, incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Difabilities, as Perfons con-vi&ed of Subornation of Perjury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

XIX. And

Penalty.

Vcflfcls being Steam-tight and communicating with any Still forfeited, and DitliUer to forfeit Licence, &c

Falfe Oath.

Suborning.

Perjury.

L^ooQle

3^4	C.88.	54°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1814.

Former Afts XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, tlmTf Du°lleC"	Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of

extended uTa&. Recovery> provided, mentioned and contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland, for the regulating or securing the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, (hau be v	applied	and	put	in practice in the Execution of this Aft, as fully

and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if all the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said Afts, or any of them, had been cx-prefsly repeated and re* enabled in this Aft, except so far as the fame are repealed or altered by this A 61, or any other A £1 or Conftrued as	Afts, and that the said Afts and this Aft shall be conflrued

one Aft.	together as one Aft to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, fo

far as the fame are compatible or confident with each other, and as the said Afts are amended and altered by this Aft.

Penalties,&c. XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, how recovered. Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Aft shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be lued for and recovered, levied and applied, except as herein otherwise is provided, in such Manner and Form, and by such ways and means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are preferibed, directed and appointed in and by an Aft of Parliament made in Ireland in the 14 & 15 Car. a. Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty (I.) Se(T. 4. c.8. King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for the settling of the Excife or new Impofi upon his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted ; or in or by an Aft 46 G. 3. c. 106. made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, &c*	intituled An AS to provide for the better Execution of the feveral

ASs relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commifftoners of Cujloms and Port Duties, and of the Commtffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or in or by any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Conftruftions and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enafted in this Aft, with like Appeal.	Remedy	of	Appeal	to and for the Party or Parties who fhall

think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Afts or any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, relating to His Maiefty’s Revenue of Excife, is provided.

Commencement XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall com-of Aft.	mence	and	take	Effeft on the Monday Week next after the paffing

thereof.

Aft altered, &c. XXII. And be it further enacted. That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Aft orAfts to be made in this present Seflion of Parliament.



A.D.i8i4«

54’ GEO. III.

C. 88) 89.

3 65

TABLE referred to by this Aft.

NUMBER of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable wherefrom any Difliller in Irc~ land shall be chargeable with Duty, within a Period of Four Weeks or T wen tv eight Days in respect of every Still of such Difliller, being of the several Contents following ; that is to fay,

CONTENTS of the STILLS.						Number of Charges.
3,000 Gallons and		upwards				73
Under 3,000 Galions, and not less than 2,750						75
2,750			2,500			77
2»5°°			2,250			80
2,250			2,000			84
2,000			i>7 50			86
I>75°			1,500			9°
1,500			1,250			96
1,250			1,000			102
1,000			750			114
750			500			125
500			400			130
400			300			H5
300			200			155
200			100			200
100			65			90
65			44			120  1

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Aft for the Charge of the further Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[14th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Aft passed in the last Seffion of Par- S3 0*3* c* 35-liament, intituled jin AB to alter and amend several ASs 4 passed in His trefent Majejty's Reign, relating to the Redemption 4 of the National Debt ; and for making further Provifions in refpeB 4 thereof; it was enacted and declared, that, for the Purpofes of fi.

‘ the firid Aft, an Amount of Public Debt, equal to the whole 1 Capital of the Public Debt in perpetual redeemable Annuities,

4 existing on the Fifth Day of January One thousand ffeven 1 hundred and eighty fix, should be deemed to be satisfied and 1 discharged; and so much of the Capital Stock so purchased and 4 transferred as therein mentioned, and (landing in the Names of 4 the Commiilioner8 for the Reduftion of the National Debt, in 4 the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England*

4 as Parliament by any Aft or Afts ot the said Seffion should 4 or might direct, should be cancelled in like manner as if the

* fame



366	C. 89.	54°	GEO. III.	A.D.	1814.

4 fame had been transferred to the said Commifiioners for the Re-4 d mption of Land Tax, pursuant to the Provifions of the feverai

*	A£s thereunto relating, in order to make Provifion for the Charge

*	of any Addition to be made to the Public Funded Debt of

*	Great Britain, by way of Loan or in any other manner, for the 4 Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen;

*	and that wh«n and so soon as such a further Amount of the

*	Capital Funded Debt of Great Britain should have been purchased 4 by the said Commifiioners, or transferred to them for the Re-

*	demption of Land Tax, or the Purchafe of Life Annuities, as

*	together with the Amount so already purchased or transferred as

*	aforefaid should have produced an Intercft or Yearly Dividend

*	equal in Amount to the whole Annual Charge in perpetual

*	redeemable Annuities of the Public Debt of Great Britain, 4 existing on the Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred

*	and eighty fix, the said Commifiioners should thereupon certify

*	and declare the fame to the Lord High Treasurer or Com-

*	mifiioners of the Treasury for the time being, who should cause 4 the said Certificate and Declaration to be published in the London 4 Gazette, and to be laid before Parliament (if Parliament fhould

*	be then fitting), but if Parliament should not be then fitting,

*	then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament;

*	a:’d so from time to time whenever such a further Amount of the 4 Capital Funded Debt of Great Britain should have been purchased 4 or transferred as aforesaid, as should be equal to the whole Capital, 4 and should have produced an Interefl or Yearly Dividend equal in 4 Amount to the whole Annual Charge in perpetual redeemable 4 Annuities, of each Loan contracted since the said Fifth Day 4 of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty fix, the said 4 Commifiioners should from time to time thereupon in like manner 4 certify and declare the fame to the Lord High Treasurer, or 4 Commifiioners of the Treasury for the time being, who should 4 in like manner cause every such Certificate and Declaration to 4 be published in the London Gazette, and to be laid before Par-4 liament ; and whenever any such Certificate and Declaration should 4 have been so made, published and laid before Parliament as afore-4 said, the Amount of Public Debts to which such Certificate and 4 Declaration should relate, should from time to time be deemed 4 and taken to be wholly satisfied and discharged, and an equal 4 Amount of Capital Stock Handing in the Names of the said 4 Commifiioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the* 4 Bank of England or of the South Sea Company should be con-4 fidered to be redeemed by Parliament, and should from time to 4 time be cancelled as above mentioned, at such Times and in such 4 Proportions as should be directed by any A6t or A&s of Parlia-4 ment to be passed for that Purpose, in order to make Provifion for 4 the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Funded

15.	4 Debt of Great Britain, by way of Loan, or in any other manner;

4 and it was thereby further enabled, that whenever the Amount of 4 the Sum to be raised by way of Loan, or in any other manner 4 which nfight create an Addition to the Public Funded Debt of 4 Great Britain in that or any future Year should exceed the Sum 4 which on the Firfl Day of February should have been or should 4 be estimated to be applicable in the fame Year to the Redu&ion

CjOOQ Le

3<*7

A.D.1S14.	54*	GEO. III.	C.	89.

‘ of the National Debt, then and in every such case an annual

*	Suin, amounting to tlitr One hundredth Part of the Capital Stock ' created by so much only of the Monies raised by way of Loan,

1 or in any other manner as aforesaid in the Year, as should be 1 equal to the Sum so dtimated to be applicable to the Reduction ‘ of the National Debt within the fame Year, Ihou’.d be ifi'ued at 1 the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Account of the said Com*

*	mifiiouers, in the manner directed by the said therein recited

*	of the Thirty second Year of His present Majelty, and with 1 respect to the Excefs of the Monies which might be so raifed

*	in any Year by way of Loan, or in any other manner as afore-1 said, above the estimated Sum applicable to the Redudlion of the

*	National Debt within the fame Year, such an annual Sum as 4 Ihould be equal to One Half of the IntereH of such Excess,

‘ /hould be fet apart out of the Monies compofitig the Confolidated 4 Fund, and should in like manner be issued at the Receipt of the

*	Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

*	to be by them placed to the Account of the said Commiiiioners :

*	And Whereas the Sum which on the Firfl Day of February One 4 thousand eight hundred and fourteen, was eHimatcd to be ap-4 plicable in the present Year to the Redu&ion of the National Debt,

4 amounted to Eleven millions three hundred and thirty thousand 4 four hundred and fifty two Pounds : And Whereas by an Act 1 palled in this present Sefiion of Parliament, intituled An Aft for c. 76. ante.

1 raifng the Sum of 1 wenty four Millions by way of Annuities, the

*	Sum of Eighteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds was raifed

*	for the Service of Great Britain : And Whereas the Charge of

4 the said Sum of Eighteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds 4 will amount to the Sum of One million one hundred and seventy five 4 thousand fix hundred and seventy four Pounds : And Whereas it is 4 expedient to make Provifions for such Charge in the manner directed 4 by the said recited AdtBe it therefore enadfed by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the	^

Sum of Three millions nine hundred and ninety four thousand q iireefer Cent. Pounds Three Pounds per Centum N^w South Sea Annuities, and New i>. S.

the Sum of Nine hundred and fifty three thousand Pounds Three Annuities; Pounds per Centum South Sea Annuities, of the Year One thoufimd 953-Ocd. seven hundred and fifty one, Handing in the Names of the Com- * hr*e per Cent, mifiioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the Books of ' nnuJtes> the South Sea Company* and the Sum of Ten millions two hundred IO,7,71j-92l. and seventy two thousand three hundred and ninety two Pounds Time per Ceut. Three Pounds per Centum Confulidated Annuities, and the Sum of Contois.

One hundred and forty two thousand Pounds Five Pounds per Mi.ccoL Centum Confolidated Annuities, Handing in the Names of the laid Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Z7>y7^

Bank of England, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July One Three per Cent, thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Sum of Twenty three Reduced Annu-millions seven hundred and thirty three thousand and ninety nine ltandingin Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, Handing in	"oners

the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor for RejUvq,un and Company of the Bank of England, shall, from and after the of National Tenth Day of Q&obcr One thousand eight hundred and fourteen,

refpe&iv

be

ely

Debt, altercerr tain Periods cancelled.



A.D.1814.

3^8

43 G.3. c.J9.

Extended to Purchase of Buildings, dec, as well as to Pur* chafe of Land.

Extended to Bridges,^, repaired by Hun* dreds or other Divifibns of Counties.

43 Elis. c. a.

ft.

C.89, 90, 91.	540 GEO. III.

respectively cancelied; and the Interefl or Dividends which would have been payable thereon shall from thenceforth refpelively cease to be ifTued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged upon the Confolidated Fund; and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, for tne Purpofe of defraying the Charge occasioned by the Addition made or to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain in the present Year.

CAP. XC.

An Aft to explain and extend an Aft, pafl'ed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An AB jar remedying DefeEls in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other IVorks maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England *, and for extending the said Aft to Bridges and other Works maintained at the Expence of Hundreds.	[14th July 1814.]

*	TT^ HE RE AS Doubts have been entertained whether the 4 V V Power contained in an Aft palled in the Forty third Year 1 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for remedying 4 certain Defeds in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of 4 County Bridges, and other IVorks maintained at the Expence of the 4 Inhabitants of Counties in England, for the purchasing of any Land

*	or Ground, do extend to the Purchafe of any Building or Buildings, 4 or other Ereftions ;* For Remedy whereof, May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; knd be it enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every the Powers and Authorities in the said Aft mentioned and contained for the Purchafe of any Land or Ground for the Purpofes of the said Aft, shall extend and be deemed and con-ftrued to extend to all such Building or Buildings, or other Ereftions, as may be necclTary to be purchased for the Purpofes of the said Aft.

• II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Provifions of the faid

*	Aft, except as after mentioned, Ihould be extended to Bridges

*	repaired by the Inhabitants of Hundreds and other General Divilions 4 of Counties Be it further enacted, That the said Aft and all the Powers and Provilions thereof (except such Provifions therein as relate to Bridges thereafter to be erected and built) shall extend as well to Bridges and the Roads at the Ends thereof repaired by the Inhabitants of Hundreds, and other General Divifions in the nature of Hundreds, as to Bridges and the Roads at the Ends thereof repaired by the Inhabitants of Counties.

CAP. XCI.

An Aft to amend so much of an Aft, passed in the Forty third Year of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, as concerns the time of appointing Overseers of the Poor. [ 14th July 1814.] 4 YT7HEREAS by an Aft made in the Forty third Year of Her 4 W late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Ad for the 4 Relief of the Poor9 it is enacted, That the Churchwardens of every

4 Parifh





A.D.i8i4»

3 6

54* GEO. lit	C.pt,	9»

1 Pan Hi, and Four, Three or Two substantial Houfeholders there, #8 4 toall be thought meet, having respect to the Greatnefs of the 4 Parifh, to be nominated yearly in Eajler Week, or within One • Month after Eajler, under the Hand and Seal of Two or more 4 Juft ices of the Peace in the fame County, whereof One td be of 4 the Quorum, dwelling in or near the fame Parifti or Divifion where 4 the lame Parifh doth lie, shall be called Overseers of the Poor of 4 the fame Parifh : And Whereas great Inconvenience is often found 4 to arise, from the time for appointing such Overseers being regu-4 lated by a Moveable FeaftBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a flembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Ad, the Appointment of Overseers of the Appointment Poor, so directed by said Ad of Queen Elizabeth, shall, in every of Overseers of Year, be made on the Twenty fifth Day of March, or within Four- thc 1>oor* teen Days next after the said Twenty fifth Day of March, in all and every the fame manner as directed by the laid Ad to be made in Eajler Week ; anything in the said Ad or any other Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCII.

An Ad to secure the Payment of Stamp Duties on Probates and Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Property obtained by Legacy, or Inteftacy, in Ireland.

[14th July 1814.]

4 VY THE REAS the Provifions made to regulate and secure the 4 W Payment of Stamp Duties on Probates and Letters of Ad-4 ministration, and on Legacies, and on Property obtained by In-4 teftacy in Ireland, contained in an Ad of Parliament patted m the 4 Fifty second Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An 5*G.3.c.iafc.

4 A8 to repeal the several A8s for the Colie Sion and Management of 4 the Stamp Duties in Ireland; and to mate more effcBual Regulations 4 for colleSing and managing the said Duties, have been found infuf-4 ficient, and it is necessary further to provide for the said Purpofes ;*

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of theTame, That, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, so go much of much of the said recited Ad as purports to relate only to the Regu- 51G. 3. c.i*4. lation or Payment of the said Duties on Probates or Letters of Ad- »»relates to ministration, or on Legacies, or on Property obtained or claimed by,	on	P(0-

or under, or by reason of the total or partial Inteftacy of any Perfon, bateJ<

shall stand and be repealed ; save so far as the said Ad directs that pealed, the said Duties shall be deemed and taken to be chargeable and Exceptions, payable only in respect of the Amount or Value of such Eftate and Effceds as shall be situated in Irelandy and of such Legacies as shall be payable out of Eftates and Effeda in Ireland, and lave also so far as the said Ad relates to Truft Property becoming vetted in Executors or Adminiftrators ; and save also so far as the said Ad relates to the raising, levying, infliding or recovering any Pain, Punifhment*	,

Penalty or Forfeit for or by reason of any Matter or Thing which 54 Geo. III.	B	b	Audi





27®

A^mi’iiftpring EtFeCt- without provi e Will, «Vc. w ithin certain Period.

Penalty.

Prokite* taken out attr-r proving Will valid tlioi ph without Stamp.

Executors, Src. to c*xhil>ir Inventory of llfftCts of L’eccaled, and aftei wards, if iieccfi.ii y, amend »i.

C.92.	54*	GEO.	IIL	A.D.	1814.

shall have Seen done, committed or suffered, on or before the said Day, and save as to the Receipt, Collection or Application of any Duty or Sum which shall or may be payable on or before that Day.

II.	And, for the better fecuringthe Payment of the Stamp Duties on Probates, Adminiflrations and Legacies in Ireland, be it enabled, That every Perfon who shall after the Commencement of this A& administer in Ireland the P< rfonal Eflate or any Part of the Per-fonal Eflate of any deceased Perfon, without having proved the Will of the deceased, or taken out Letters of Adminillration of such Perfonal Eflate in Ireland within Twelve Calendar Months after the Death of such decenh d Perfon, if he or (he shall die after the Commencement of this Ad (or with respect to Perfon8 w?ho shall have died before the Commencement of this Ad, within Six Calendar Months after the Commencement of this Ad), shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds Britifb Currency.

III.	And be it further enacted, That every Probate which shall be taken out by any Executor after the Will therein mentioned hath or shall have been proved, ami Probate thereof hath been or shall have been duly obtained by another Executor named therein, shall and may be good, valid and tffcdual without any Stamp, to all Intents and Purposes, as if stamped ; and that all Perfons concerned in the writing

’ or taking out the fame shall be and they are respectively hereby freed and indemnified from and against all Pains and Penalties for or in respect thereof, in any manner what foe ver.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That every Executor and Admi-niflrator of any deceased Perfon in Ireland, who shall have left a Perfonal Property of the Value of Two hundred Pounds or upwards, and all and every Perfon who shall administer or enter upon the Pof-feflion or Management of all or any Part of the Perfonal Eflate of any such deceased Perfon, or who hath heretofore entered upon the PolTefTion or Management of any personal or moveable Eflate or Effects of such deceased Perfon, and hath not fully administered the fame, whether such Perfon so acting shall have been next of Kin or Creditor, or other, and whether as Principal or as Agent for any Perfon or Perfons, who or any of whom may be out of Ireland, /hall, before difpofmg of or diilributing any Part or remaining Part of such Eflate or Efsects, or at all Events within Six Calendar Months after the puffing of this Ad, or after taking Probate or Adminillration, or entering on the Poffefiion or Management of any such Perfonal Eslate, or of any Part thereof, exhibit upon Oath in the proper Ecclcfiallical Court in Ireland\ a full and complete Inventory or Statement of such Eflate and Esleds, so far as they shall have been recovered at the time of exhibiting such Inventory, or shall be known to be existing, distinguishing whether situate in Ireland or elsewhere; and also of all Debts due by the deceased at the time of his or her Death, and payable out of hi9 or her Perfonal Eflate } and the nature and kind thereof; and in case at any time or times thereafter, a Difcovery shall be made of other Efleds belonging to the deceased which on account of their not being known at the time were omitted in the said original Inventory, an additional Inventory or Inventories of the fame shad in like manner be exhibited on Oath from time to time by any Perfon or Perfons adminiflering or assuming the Management or Difpofal thereof, together with all such Debts due by fuen deceased Perfon as aforesaid as may not have been inserted in such former

Inven-



A.D.i8r4*

37*

54" GEO. Ill,	G 92.

Inventory, any such Oath as aforesaid to be administered by the Came Perfon or Perfons, and in the fame manner in all respects as is used on proving a Will; and in case any such Perfon or Perfons shall neglect or retufe to exhibit any such Original or Additional Inventory, or shall knowingly omit or include any Part of such Eftate and Effefts therein, every Perfon so neglesting, refilling or omitting, lhail forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds for each such Negleft, Penalty. Refufal or Omiffion.

V.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon, whether Execu- Legacy not p<u4 tor, Adminiftrator, or otherwise, who lhail administer the Perfonal without proper Eftate of any Perfon deceased, and lhail retain, whether for his or ReC€,Pl»

her own Ufe or otherwise, any Legacy, or any Refidue or Part of the ReGdue of such Perfonal Estate, lhail in a reasonable time after the Death of the Perfon so deceased, be accountable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for any Duty which lhail be then by Law payable on any Receipt or Difcharge for any such Legacy, Refidue or Part of Refidue; and that if any Perfon, whether Executor, Ad-miniftrator or otherwise, who lhail administer the Perfonal Eftate of any Perfon deceased, lhail pay any Legacy, Refidue, or any Part of ReGdue, without obtaining a Receipt duly stamped for the fame, then such Perfon so adminiftenng lhail be entitled to deduct thereout the Amount of the Stamp Duty, which lhail be then payable on such *

Receipt; and in case he lhail so deduct the fame, the Amount of

such Stamp Duty lhail then immediately be a Debt from such Perfon

so administering to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors; and if Debt to The

any such Perfon so administering lhail pay any such Legacy or Refi- King.

due, or Part of Refidue, without obtaining for the fame a Receipt

duly stamped, or without deducing the Amount of such Stamp

Duty thereon, then and in every such case the Amount of fuch

Stamp Duty thereon lhail be a Debt to His Majesty, his Heirs and

Succeffors, as well from the Perfon or Perfons so administering as

from the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies, to whom the fame (hall

have been so paid respectively.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That any Gift by any Will or What deemot Teftamentaiy Inftrument of any Perfon, which by virtue of such Legacits.

Will or Teftamentary Inftrument lhail have Effest, or be fatisfied

out of the Perfonal Eftate of such Perfon so dying, or out of any Perfonal Eftate which such Perfon lhail have Power to dispose of, as be or Ihe lhail think fit, or which lhail be charged upon or given out of any Real or Perfonal Estate, or Monies ariling from the Sale of any Real Eftate directed to be fold by any Wfll or Teftamentary Inilrument, lhail be deemed and taken to be a Legacy within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft, and of all Afts whereby any Stamp Duty is or lhail be imposed, or in any wife relating to tht Management or Colleftion of any Stamp Duty, whether the fame shall be given by way of Annuity, or in any other Form, and whether the fame lhail be charged only on such Perfonal Estate, or charged also on the Real Eftate of the Teftator or Teftatrix who lhail give the feme, except so far as the fame shall be paid or satisfied out of such Real Estate, in a due Execution of the Will or Teftamentary -Inftrument by which the fame lhail be given, and every Gift which lhail have Effeft as a Donatio Mortis Caufa, lhail also be deemed Dowtio Mortis a Legacy within the Intent and Meaning of (his Aft, and of all other such Afts as aforesaid.

VII* And

Goode

Bb 2

37*'.	c-	9*-

54® GEO. III.	A.D.	1814.

Executor?, &c. pe^leCting to pay Duties complained ot to Court of Exchequer.

Commiflloners of Srami s to provide Forms for Receipt* agreeably to •xin dole A.

)

I.e^jncs by Annuities valued and Duties calculated according to Tables annexed.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That every case in which any Executor or Adminiftrator, or other Perfon or Perfons taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or other Teftamentary Inftru-ment, or the Adminiftration of the Perfonal Eftate of any Perfon deceased, or any Truftee, or any other Perfon to whom any Real Eftate shall be devised to be fold, or who shall be entitled to any Real Eftate subject to any Legacy, shall not have paid any Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable by Law on any Receipts or Difcharges for any Legacy, or for any jRefidue, or Part of any Refidue, pursuant to the Directions of this A6t, within a proper and reasonable time, it shall and may be lawful for His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland, upon Application to be made for that Pur-pofc on behalf of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, upon such Affidavit or Affidavits as to the said Court may appear to be fuf-ficient, to grant a Rule, requiring such Executor, Adminiftrator, Truftee, or other Perfon or Perfons, to shew cause why he, she or they should not deliver to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, an Account upon Oath of all the Legacies and of all the Property respectively paid or to be paid or administered by such Executor or Adminiftrator, or other Perfon or Perfons, or given or bequeathed to such Truftee or other Perfon entitled to any Real Estate, fubjeCfc to any such Legacy as the case may be, and why the Duties on any such Legacies, or any Shares or Refidue of any such Eftate Real or Perfonal have not been paid, or should not be forthwith paid according to Law, and to make any such Rule of Court absolute in every case in which the fame may appear to the said Court to be proper and necessary for enforcing the Payment of any of the said Duties, together with the Cofts of so recovering the fame.

VIII.	And, in order that all Perfons may be enabled to take Receipts and Difcharges on the Payment or Satisfaction of any Legacy or Refidue of any Perfonal Eftate or any Part thereof, according to the Directions preferibed by this ACt, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, from time to time to provide sufficient Quantities of Paper adapted for such Receipts or Difcharges as aforesaid, and to cause to be printed thereoh the Form of Words in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked A.; and it also shall be lawful for any of His Majefty's SubjeCts requiring such Receipts or Difcharges to cause the fame to be duly filled up with Sums, Names and Date, according to the Pro* visions before mentioned, and also upon any Vellum or Parchment, or upon any other Paper not provided by the said Commissioners, to use the like Form whenever there shall be Occafion.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Value of any Legacy given by way of Annuity, whether payable annually or otherwise, tor any Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or for Years or other Period of time, shall be calculated, and the Duty chargeable thereon, shall be charged according to the Tables marked I. II. and III. to this ACt annexed; and the Duty chargeable on such Annuity shall be paid by Four equal Payments, the First of which Payments of Duty shall be made before or on completing the Payment of the First Year's Annuity, and the Three others of such Payments of Duty shall be made in like manner fuc-ceflively, before or on completing the respective Payments of the Three fucccediug Years Annuity respectively; and the Value of anr

v^.ooQle

A.D.i3i4"

373

?4° GEO. III.	C.92.

such Annuity, if determinable upon any Contingency besides the Death of any Perfon or Perfons, shall be calculated without regard to such Contingency: Provided always, that if any such Annuity Provifp.

shall determine by the Death of any Perfon before Four Years Payment of such Annuity shall become due and payable, then and in such case the Duty shall be payable in proportion only to so many of the Payments of the said Annuity as actually accrued and became due and payable; and in case any Inch Annuity (hail at any time determine upon any other Contingency than the Death of any Perfon or Perfons, then and in such case not only all Payments of Duty which would otherwise become due after the happening of such Contingency, if any such would become due, shall cease, but it shall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons who shall have paid any Duties which shall have previously become due, to apply for and obtain a Return of so much of the Duty so paid, as will reduce the fame to the like Duty as would have been payable by such Perlon or Perfons for such Annuity, calculated according to the Term for which the fame shall have endured; which Abatement the said Commiflioners for the Management of the Stamp Duties shall fettle and determine, according to the Tables in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and shall cause the Amount of such Abatement to be paid to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the fame, out of any Monies in their Hands, arifmg from the Duties impol'ed by this A6t.

X.	And be it further enabled, That the Value of any Legacy Value of Annul-given by way of Annuity for any Life or Lives, or for Years de- ties payable out terminable on any Life or Lives, or for Years or other Period of of Legacies, and time, and charged on and made payable out of any other Legacy or nc^'rt^ CjQa?e Legacies, shall be calculated, and the Duty shall be charged thereon Tables,and

10	the fame manner as hereinbefore directed with respect to other Duty charged on Annuities; and the Duty on the Legacy charged with such An- Value of such nuity, if any Duty shall be payable for such Legacy, shall be ealeu-	ufier

lated on the Value of such Legacy, after deducing the Value of nuincs*5cc ^ such Annuity 5 and the Duty for such Annuity shall be paid by the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the Legacy or Legacies charged with such Annuity, by Four equal Payments, in the fame manner as the fame would be payable according to the Provifions hereinbefore contained, if such Annuity had been a direct Gift to the Annuitant, and subject to the like Provifo in case such Annuity shall determine before four Years Payment shall become due 5 and the Payment which shall be made for such Duty shall be retained by the Perfon or Perfons paying the fame, out of the first Four Years Payments of such Annuity, if so many shall become due, or out of so many of such Payments as shall become due, by equal Portions..

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the Duty payable upon any Duty on Leg*-Legacy given by way of Dire&ion to purchase with any Perfonal cies given to Eftate of the Teftator or Tellatrix, or any Part thereof, an Annuity purchase Annui-of a certain Amount for the Life or Lives of any Perfon or Per- ^Vum^necef fons, or any other Term, shall be calculated upon the Sum necef- °aryforpur-iary to purchase such Annuity, according to the Tables before chafe. mentioned, and shall be deducted from such Sum, and paid as in the case of other pecuniary Legacies: and the Perfon or Perfons paying or satisfying such Legacy, and the Perfon or Perfons for whose Benefit the fame shall be paid or satisfied, shall be discharged, by Payment of such Duty so calculated as aforesaid, from ail other

B b 3	Demands



374

Duty on Lepa-cies when Value only alcert.iined by Application of allotted Fund charged on Money as applied.

How Duty on Legacies enjoyed by Perfoiif in Succeflion or having partial Interefts therein charged.

C.92.	54°GEO.III.	A.D.1814.

Demands in refpeA of the Duty payable on such Legacy; and the Annuity to be purchased for the Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons to be entitled to the Benefit of such Legacy shall be reduced in proportion to the Amount of the Duty payable thereon as afore-said, such Redu&ion to be calculated in the fame manner as the Duty so payable is hereinbefore directed to be calculated; and the Purchafer of such reduced Annuity, together with the Payment of such Duty, shall satisfy and discharge such Legacy as fully as if an Annuity had been purchased equal in Amount to the Annuity so directed to be purchased.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Benefit shall be given by any Will or Teftamentary Inftrument, in such Terms that the Amount or Value of such Benefit can only be ascertained from time to time by the actual Application for that Purpofe of the Fund allotted for such Purposes, or made chargeable therewith ; or if the Amount or Value of any Benefit given by any Will or Teftamen-tary Inftrument cannot, by reason of the form or manner of the Gift, be so ascertained that the Duty to which the fame shall be then subject can be charged thereon under any other of the Directions herein contained, then and in every such case, such Duty shall be charged upon the several Sums of Money or Effe6h which shall be applied from time to time for the Purpofes directed by such Will or Teftamentary Inftrument, as separate and diftinlt Legacies or Bequests, and shall be paid out of any Fund which may be applicable for such Purposes, or charged with answering the fame.

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That the Duty which shall from time to time be payable on a Legacy or Refidue, or Part of Refidue of any Perfonal Eftate given to or for the Benefit of, or so that the fame shall be enjoyed by different Perfons in Succefiion, who shall be chargeable at one and the fame Rate with the Stamp Duties which shall then be payable, shall be charged upon and paid out of the Legacy or Refidue, or Part of Refidue so given, as in the case of a Legacy to One Perfon ; and where any Legacy, or Refidue or Part of Refidue, shall be given to or for the Benefit of, or so that the fame shall be enjoyed by different Perfons in Succession, some or One of whom shall be then chargeable with no Duty, or some Two or more of whom shall be chargeable with different Rates of Duty, so that One Rate of Duty cannot be immediately charged thereon, all Perfons who under or in consequence of any such Bequeft shall be entitled for Life only, or for any other temporary Interect, shall be chargeable with the Duty in respect of such Bequeft in the fame manner as if the Annual Produce thereof had been given by way of Annuity; and such Perfons refpe&iveiy shall be so chargeable with such Duty, and the fame shall be payable when they shall respectively become entitled to and begin to receive such Produce; and where any other partial Intereft shall be given or shall arise out of such Property so to be enjoyed in Succefiion, the Duty on such partial Intereft shall be charged and paid in the fame manner as the Duty is hereinbefore directed to be charged and paid in like cases of partial Interefts charged on any Property given otherwise than to different Perfons in Succeflion ; and all and every Perfon or Perfons who shall become absolutely entitled to any such Legacy or Refidue, or Part of Refidue to be enjoyed in Succefiion, lhafi, when and as such Perfon or Perfons respectively shall receive the fame, or begin to enjoy

the

v^,ooQle

A.D. 1314.

375

54° GEO. III.

C. 92-

the Benefit thereof, be chargeable with and pay the Duty for the fame, or such Part thereof as shall be so received, or of which the Benefit shall be so enjoyed, in the fame manner as if the fame had come to such Perfon or Perfons immediately on the Death of the Perfon by whom such Property shall have been given to be enjoyed, or in such manner that the fame shall be enjoyed in Succeflion.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That the Duty which shall Duty by whom from time to time be payable on any Legacy or Relidue, or Part P-1)’*61*-of Refidue, so given to or so to be enjoyed by different Perfons in Succession, upon whom the Duty shall be chargeable at one and the fame Rate, shall be deducted and paid by the Perfon or Perfons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Tef-tamentary Inftrument under which the Title thereto shall arise upon Payment or other Satisfaction or Difcharge of every or any Part of such Legacy or Refidue, or Part of Refidue, to any Truftee or Trustees, or other Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame shall be payable or paid, in Truit or for the Benefit of the Perfons so en-titled thereto in Succeflion ; and if the fame shall not be so paid or satisfied to any such Truftee or Trustees, then such Duty shall be deducted and paid out of the Capital of the Property so given, upon Receipt, by any of the Perfons so entitled in Succeflion of any Produce of such Capital or any Part thereof, according to the Amount of the Capital of which such Produce shall be lo received; and where the Duty chargeable upon any such Bequeft for the Benefit of or to be enjoyed by different Perfons in Succession, shall be chargeable at different Rates, so that the fame cannot be paid at one and the fame time, but muff be paid in Succeflion as aforesaid, then and io such case all and every the Perfon and Perfons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Teftamentary Inftrument, in which such Bequeft shall be contained, shall b<; chargeable with such Duties in Succession, in the fame manner as such Perfons would be chargeable with the like Duties in case of immediate Bequests, unless tne Property bequeathed shall have been . paid, or otherwise satisfied to or veiled in any Trustees or Truftee as aforesaid, in which case such Trustees or Truftee, or his, her or their Reprefentatives, shall be chargeable with the Duties then payable for or in refpe£t of such Property so veiled in him, her or them, respectively, in such and the fame manner a9 if he, {he or they had taken the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Tefta-mentary Inftrument by which such Bequeft shall have been made; and in like manner, where any partial Intereft shall be given, or shall arise out of any such Property so to be enjoyed in Succession, and such partial Intereft shall be fatisfled or paid' by the Perfon or Perfons so enjoying such Property, such Perfon or Perfons shall be chargeable with the Duties then payable for and in respect of such partial Interect, and shall retain and pay the fame accordingly, in such and the fame manner as if he, file or they had taken the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Teftamentary Inftrument by which such partial Intereft shall have been created 5 and in all such cases the Perfon or Perfons so chargeable with Duty, shall be Debtors to The King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Succeftors, in like Detom's to The manner, and shall be lubje& to the like Penalties, as the Perfon or Perfons having or taking the Burthen of such Will or Teftamentary iAfhrumeut shall from time to time be chargeable and subject to.

B b 4	XV. Pro-



A.D. 1814*

37^

Plate, &c-while enjoyed in Kind, not li ihle to Doty tiil in Poflelllon of Per Ions having Power to dilpofe thereof.

Duty on Legacies enjoyed in Suecelfion charged as such, whether taken under Wills or ' by Iuteftacy.

Duty on Legacies in Joint Tenancy paid in Proportion to Intcreft of Parties.

Pcovifo.

C. 92.	54<"GEO.III.	•

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Duty shall at any time be paid on any Articles of Plate, Furniture or other Things not yielding any Income, and given to and for the Benefit of, or so as that the fame be enjoyed by different Perfons in Succefiion, whilst the fame shall be so enjoyed in Kind only, by any Perfon or Perfons not having any Power of felling or difpoiing thereof, so as to convert the fame into Money or other Property yielding an Income ; but if the fame shall be actually fold or dif-pofed of, or shall come to any Perfon or Perfons having Power to fell or dispose thereof, or having an absolute Intereft therein, then and in each and ev:ry such case the fame Duty shall be chargeable and paid thereon as if the fame had been originally given absolutely and with full Power to fell and dispose thereof, and shall be charge, able upon and paid by the Perfon or Perfons for whose Benefit the fame shall be fold, or who shall have Power to fell or dispose thereof, or any absolute Intereft therein, and shall become the Debt of such Perfon or Perfons, but shall not be a Charge on any Perfon or Perfons by reason of his, her or their having assented to such Bequeft as the Perfon or Perfons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Teftamentary Inftrument by which such Bequeft shall have been made.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Legacy, or any Refidue or Part of Refidue, shall be so given by any Will or Teftamentary Inftrument, that different Perfons shall become entitled thereto in Succefiion, the Duty shall be charged thereon, as given to be enjoyed in Succession, whether the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto shall take the fame under or by virtue of such Will or Teftamentary Inftrument, and the Difpofitions therein contained, or in Default of such Difpositions, and as entitled by Inteftacy.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That where at any time any Legacy, or any Refidue, or Part of Refidue, shall be given to or for the Benefit of any Perfon or Perfons in Joint Tenancy, some or One of whom shall be then chargeable with any Stamp Duty, and some or One of whom shall not be so chargeable, or where Two or more of such Joint Tenants shall be chargeable according to different Rates of Duty, then and in every of said cases all and every the Perfon or Perfons chargeable with Duty, shall pay such Duty in proportion to the Intereft of such Perfon or Perfons respectively, and to the Rates at which they shall be so chargeable refpectiveiy in such Bequeft ; and if any Perfon or Perfons so chargeable with such Duty, and entitled in Joint Tenancy as afore* said, shall become entitled by Survivorship, or by Severance of the Joint Tenancy, to any larger Intereft in the Property bequeathed than that in respect of which such Duty shall have been paid, then and in such case all and every such Perfon or Perfons so becoming entitled by Survivorship, or by Severance, shall be charged witn the fame Duty as if the Property which such Joint Tenant or Joint Tenants shall so become entitled to had been then originally given to or for the Benefit of such Perfon or Perfons only : Provided always, that if any Duty shall have been previously paid in respect of any Property to which any such Joint Tenant shall so become entitled, such Duty so previously paid shall be dedu&ed and allowed ont of the Duty to which such Joint Tenant would then become liable

IS	»





377

A.D. i8i4-	54°	GEO.	III.	C.pa.

in refpe£t to such Property ; and if fnch Duty shall exceed that to which such Joint Tenant would be liable in respect to such Property, then such Joint Tenant shall not be liable to any Duty in refpecfc thereto.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That when any Legacy, or any Refidue, or Part of Refidne, shall be given, subject to any Contingency which may defeat such Gift, and whereupon the fame may go to some other Perfons or Perfon, such Bequeft (unlefs chargeable as an Annuity under the Provifions herein contained), shall be charged with Duty as an absolute Bequefl to the Perfon or Perfons who shall take the fame, fubje6l to such Contingency, and such Duty shall be paid out of the Capital of such Legacy or Refidue, or Part of Refidue, notwithstanding the fame may be upon such Contingency to go to some Perfon not chargeable with the fame Duty, or with any Duty ; and if such Contingency shall afterwards happen, and the Property so bequeathed shall thereupon go in such manner that the fame if taken immediately after the Death of the Teflator or Teftatrix under the fame Title would have been chargeable with a higher Rate of Duty than the Duty so paid, the Perfon or Perfons becoming entitled thereto shall be charged with and shall pay the Difference between the Duty so paid, and such higher Rate of Duty.

XIX- And be it further enacted, That where any Legacy, or the Refidne, or any Part of the Refidue of any Perfonal Estate, shall be fubje6l to any Power of Appointment, to or for the Benefit of any Perfon or Perfons specially named or described as Objefts of such Power, such Property shall be chargeable with Duty as Property given to different Perfons in Succeflion 5 and in so charging such Duty, not only the Perfon and Perfons who shall take previous or subject to such Power of Appointment, but also any Perfon and Perfons who shall take under or in Default of any such Appointment, when and as they shall so take respectively, shall in respect of their fevetal Interests, whether previous or subject to or under, or in Default of such Appointment, be charged with the fame Duty and in the fame manner as if the fame Interefts had been given to him, her or them respectively, in and by the Will or Teftamentary Difpofition containing such Power, in tfye fame Order and Courfe of Succeflion as shall take place under and by virtue of such Power of Appointment, or in Default of Execution thereof, as the case may happen to be; and where any Property shall be given for any limited Iuterect, and a general and absolute Power of Appointment shall also be given to any Perfon or Perfons to whom the Property would not belong in Default of such Appointment, such Property, upon the Execution of such Power, shall be charged with the fame Duty and in the fame manner as if the fame Property had been immediately given to the Perfon or Perfons having and executing such Power, after allowing any Duty before paid in respect thereof; and where any Property shall be given with any such general Power of Appointment, which Property in Default will belong to the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Power shall also be given, such Property shall be charged with aod shall pay the Duty in the fame manner as if such Property had been given to such Perfon or Perfons absolutely in the first Inltance without such Power of Appointment.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That any Sum of Money or Perfonal Eftate directed to be applied in the Purchafe of Real

Estate,

Goode

Duty on Legacies lubjedt to Contingencies, charged ns for absolute Be-quells»&c.

How Duty on

Legacies subject to Power of Appointment charged.

How Duty on Perfonal Ellates directed to be

378	C.$2.	54°GEO.	III.	A.D.1814.

applied in Pur-cital'e o» Real Eltate.

Legacies charged on Real i .dates liable to Duty as Personal Eftate.

Eftate* pur auter vie.

Money left to pay Du*y not chargeable with Duty.

Mode of afcer-taining Duty on Prop« r>y not reduced into Money.

Estate, shall be charged with and pay Duty as Perfonal Estate, unless the fame shall be given so as to be enjoyed by different Perfons in Succession, and then each Perfon entitled thereto in Succefiion shall pay Duty for the fame in the fame manner as if the fame had not been directed to be applied in the Purchafe of Real Estate, unless the fame shall have been actually applied m the Purchafe of Real Eftate before such Duty accrued ; but no Duty shall accrue in respect thereof, after the fame shall have been actually applied in the Purchafe of Real Estate, for so much thereof as shall have been so applied: Provided neverthcless, that in case before the fame or some Part thereof shall be actually so applied, any Perfon or Perfons shall become entitled to an Eftate of Inheritance in PofTefTion in the Real Eftate to be purchased therewith, or with so much thereof as shall not have been applied in the Purchafe of Real Estate, the fame Duty which ought to be paid by such Perfon or Perfons if absolutely entitled thereto as Perfonal Estate, by virtue of any Bequeft thereof, as such, shall be charged on such Perfon or Perfons so entitled, and railed and paid out of the Fund remaining to be applied in such Purchafe.

XXI.	And be it further enacted. That where any Real Eftate shall by ar»y Will be directed to be fold charged with any Legacy or Legacies, the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fell the fame, or bound to pay such Legacy or Legacies, and also the Perfon beneficially entitled to such Legacies, or to the Refidue or any Parts of the Refidue of the Purchafe Money thereof, shall respectively be liable to pay the Stamp Duties which shall then be by Law payable thereon refpec-tively, in the fame manner in all respects mutatis mutandis as concerning the Adminiftration of Perfonal Estate, as hereinbefore provided.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That Eftates Pur auter nit applicable by Law in the fame manner as Perfonal Estate, shall be charged with all Stamp Duties imposed or to be imposed as Perfonal Eftate.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Diredlion shall be given by any Will or Teftamentary Inftrument for Payment of the Duty chargeable upon any Legacy or Bequeft out of some other Fund, so that such Legacy or Bequeft may pass to the Perfon or Perfons to whom or for whose Benefit the fame shall be given free of Duty, no Duty shall be chargeable upon the Money to be applied for the Payment of such Duty, notwithstanding the fame may be deemed a Legacy to or for the Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons who would otherwise pay such Duty.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That in cases of specific Legacies, and where the Refidue of any Perfonal Eftate shall conlifl of Property which shall not be reduced into Money, it shall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons having or taking the Burthen of the Adminiftration of such Efft dls, or the Perfon or Perfons by whom the Duty thereon ought to be paid, to fet a Value thereon, and to offer to pay the Duty according to such Value, or to require the Com-miffioners for Management of Stamp Duties to appoint a Perfon to fet and appraife such Value at the Expence of the Perfon or Perfons by whom such Duty ought to be paid 5 and it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners to accept the Duty offered to be paid upon the Value fet by the Perfon or Perfons having or taking the Adminiftration of such Effe£D, or by whom the Duty for the fame shall be payable,

without

A.D.i8i4"

379

540 GEO III.	C.92.

without such Appraifement, if the said Commiflioncrs shall think fit so to do s but it the said Commiflioncrs shall not be satisfied with the Value so fefc on which the Duty shall be so offered, it shall be lawful for the said Commifiioners, notwithstanding such Offer, to appoint a Perfon to appraife such Effects and to fct the Value thereon, on which Value so fet the said Commiflioncrs shall assess the Duty payable in respect thereof, and require the fame to be paid ; but if the Perfon or Perfons by whom such Duty shall be payable shall not be satisfied with the Valuation made under the Authority of the said CommifiioDers, and pay the Duty accordingly, it shall be lawful for such Perfon or Perfons, at any time within Three Calendar Months after he, (he or they shall have Notice of such Valuation, to appeal therefrom to, and to cause the Valuation so made under the Authority of the said Commifiioners to be received by the Commiflioncrs of Appeals in Revenue Caufes in Ireland; and if the Valuation made under the Authority of the said Commiflioners of the Stamp Duties shall not be duly appealed from within the Period aforesaid, or shall be affirmed upon Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according to such Valuation ; and if any Variance shall be made on such Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according to such Variance ; and if the Duty afTefied in manner aforesaid shall exceed the Duty offered to, and refused by the said Commifiioners of Stamp Duties, the Expence of such Appraifement and other Proceedings in affeffing such Duty, shall be borne by the Perfon or Perfons by whom such Duty shall be payable; and if any Difpute shall arise between any Perfon or Per* ions entitled to any such Legacy or Refidue, or Part of Rciidue, and any Perfon or Perfons having or taking the Burthen of the Ad-miniffration of such Effe6U with respect to the Value thereof, or with respect to the Duty to be paid thereon, the Duty shall be assessed by the said Commifiioners of Stamp Duties, on Reference to them by either Party for that Purpofe ; and if the Value of any Property on which such Duty ought to be paid shall be in Difpute, the said Commifiioners of the Stamp Duties shall cause an Appraifement to be made thereof at the Expence of the Perfon or Perfons by whom such Duty ought to be paid, in the manner hereinbefore directed in other^cases, and afiefs the Puty thereon accordingly; and if such Perfon or Perfons by whom such Duty ought to be paid shall be dissatisfied with such Valuation, or with the Affeffment of Duty made upon such Valuation by the said Commifiioners of the Stamp Duties, the fame shall be reviewed and finally determined by the said Com-miffioners of Appeals in Revenue Causes, upon Appeal to them within the time and in the manner hereinbefore directed in other cases; but if such Valuation or Affeffment shall not be duly appealed from within the time limited for that Purpose, or shall be affirmed upon Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according thereto; and if any ,

Variance shall be made therein on such Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according to such Variance.

XXV.	And be it further ena£ted, That where any Legacy or Duty on I.ega-Part of any Legacy, or Refidue or Part of Refidue, whereon any cies not satisfied Duty shall be chargeable by this A&, shall be satisfied otherwise than hi Money. by Payment of Money, or Application of specific Effetfs for that toValu^of*5 Purpose, or shall be released for Confideration, or compounded for satisfaction, kfs than the Amount or Value thereof, then and in such case the Duty shall be charged and paid in respect of such Legacy or Part

of



380

C. 92.

A.D. 1814.

If Legatees re-fufe to acci. pt Legacies, Duty deducted,

Court, in case of Suit, rmy order them to pay Cofts;

Suits where Party sued wishes to stop Proceedings on Payment of Bc-quefls,dedu6\ing Duty, Court may make Order.

Suit instituted concerning Ad* ministration, Court to provide for Payment of Duty.

540 GEO. III.

of Legacy, or Refidue or Part of Refidue, according to the Amount or Value of the Property taken in Satisfaction thereof, or as the Con-fideration for Releafe thereof or Compofition for the fame : Provided always, that if any Legacy or Bequelt shall be made in Satisfaction of any other Leg icy or Bequelt, or Title to any Refidue or Part of Refidue of any Perfonal Ellate remaining unpaid, the Duty shall not be paid on both Subjects, although both may be chargeable with Duty, but shall be paid on the Subject yielding the largest Duty.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or other Teftamentary Inftrument, or the Adminiilration of the Perfonal Eftate of any Perfon deceased, or any Perfon or Perfons hereby made chargeable with Duty, shall declare himself, herself or them-felves ready and willing, and shall accordingly offer to pay any pecuniary Legacy, or Refidue or Part of Refidue, deducting the Duty payable thereon, or shall in like manner offer to deliver or otherwise dispose of any specific Legacy, or any specific Property, Part of any Refidue of any Perfonal Estate, to or for the Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, or to any Truftee or Trustees for such Perfon or Perfons, upon Payment of the Duty payable in respect thereof, and the Perfon or Perfons entitled to such Legacy or Refidue, or Part of Refidue, or the Truftee or Trustees for such Perfon or Perfons, shall refuse to accept such Offer, and to give a proper Releafe and Difcharge for such Legacy or Refidue, or so much thereof as shall be offered to be paid, delivered, or otherwise disposed of as aforesaid, then and in such case, although no adtiial Tender shall be made, if any Suit shall be afterwards instituted for such Legacy or Efsects, respecting w'hich such Offer shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Court in which such Suit shall be instituted, to order all Colts, Charges and Ex-pences attending the fame to be paid by the Perfon or Perfons who shall have refilled to accept such Offer, and to give or join in such Releafe or Difcharge, or to order such Cods, Charges and Ex-pences to be deducted and retained out of such Legacy or Effe&s, together with the Duty payable thereon, a9 the said Court shall fee fit 5 and in case any Suit shall be instituted for Payment of any Legacy, or Refidue or Part of Refidue of any Perfonal Estate, and the Perfon or Perfons sued for the fame shall be desirous of Haying Proceedings in such Suit on Payment of the Money due, or delivering or otherwise difpofmg of the specific Effe&s demanded, after deducing or receiving the Duty payable thereon, it shall be lawful for the Court in which such Suit shall be instituted, if it shall fee fit, on Application in a summary way to make such Order for Payment of such Legacy, or Refidue or Part of Refidue, or for delivering or otherwise difpoling of such Effeds, and for Payment of the Duty payable thereon, and all such Colls, Charges and Expences attend* ing such Suit, as shall be just.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Suit shall be instituted concerning the Adminiftration of the Perfonal Eftate of any Perfon dying tellate or intestate, or any Part of such Estate, in which any Direction shall be given touching the Payment of any Legacies or Legacy of such Perfon, or the Refidue of his or her Perfonal Estate, or any Part thereof, the Court wherein such Suk

,shall be instituted shall, in giving Directions concerning the fame,

provide



3*i

A.D.1814*	54°	GEO.	III.	C.	9	a.

provide for the due Payment of the Duties which shall be payable thereon in taking any Account of any Perfonal Estate, or otherwise acting concerning the fame, such Court shall take care that no Allowance shall be made in respect of any Legacy or Part of Legacy, or of any Refidue, or Part of Refidue in any manner whatsoever, without due Proof of the Payment of the Duties to which the fame shall from time to time be liable.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That any Executors may Perfon or Perfons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of :,,lchlrSe * c-any Will or other Teilamentary Inftrument, or the Adminiftration j^nTof Duty" of the Perfonal Ellate of any Perfon dcceased, may from time to time accrued.

pay, deliver or otherwise dilpofe of any Legacy, or any Part of any Legacy, or make Diftribution of any Part of the Refidue of any Perfonal Estate, on Payment from time to time of such Proportions of the Duty by Law payable thereon, as shall accrue in respect of such Part of such Perlonal Eftate as shall be so administered.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons Legacy liable t« having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of any Will or Tef- Dul> no* P-,<* tamentary Inftrument, or the Adminiftration of the Perfonal Eftate

of any Perfon deceased, nor any Truftee or Trustees, or other Per-	v

son or Perfons hereby directed and required to account for any Duty, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Aft, pay, deliver or otherwise dispose of, or in any manner satisfy, discharge or compound for any Legacy whatsoever, or any Part thereof, or the Refidue of any Perfonal Estate, or any Part thereof, in respect whereof any Duty is payable by Law, without taking a Receipt or Difeharge in Writing for the fame, expressing the Date of such Receipt or Difeharge, and the Names of the Teftator, Teftatrix or Intestate, under whose Will or Teftamentary Difposition, or upon whose Inteftacy the Title to such Legacy or Part of Legacy, or to such Refidue or Part of Refidue shall accrue, and of the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Receipt or Difeharge shall be given, and of the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Legacy or Refidue or Part of Refidue shall have been given or shall nave belonged in confe-quence of Inteftacy, and the Amount or Value of the Legacy or Part of Legacy, or Refidue or Part of Refidue, for which iuch Receipt or Difeharge shall be given,.and also the Amount and Rate of the Duty payable and allowed thereon 5 and that no written Re- No Receipt ceipt or Difeharge for any Legacy or Part of Legacy, or for the ®v*})la^,c unle& Refidue of any Perfonal Estate, or any Part of such Refidue, in J ampt * respect whereof any Duty is payable by Law, shall be received in Evidence or be available in any manner whatever, unless the fame dull be duly damped according to Law ; and no Evidence whatsoever shall be given of any Payment, Satisfaftion or Difeharge whatsoever, or of any Releafe or Compofition of such Legacy or any Put thereof, or of such Refidue or any Part thereof, without producing such Receipt or Difeharge, duly (lamped as aforesaid, unless the actual Payment of the Duty hereby imposed shall first be given in Evidence: Provided always, that a Copy of the Entry in the Provifo.

Books of the Commifiioners of Stamp Duties of the Payment of such Dnty, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof: Provided also, that Stamped Repayment of any Annuity shall not be deemed a Payment for which f^'Pts ,or An.nl> such damped Receipt shall be required under the Directions of this com-,r< Aft, except the several Payments which shall complete the Pay- p^tingPayments meats for each ‘





382

A.D. 1814.

of first Four

Years.

Payne or receiving Legacies without rtampcd Receipts,

Penalty.

Penaly.

Receipts (tamped within Three Months after D ite, 0.1 ywhich ;m Acknowledgment ot Payment of Duty (hull be written, &c.

c.92.	U°	geo.	in.

mentsfor each of the first Four Years during which such Annuity shall be payable; and in like manner any Payment in respect of any Legacy or Bequeft hereby directed to be charged with the Duty, in the fame manner as Annuities are hereby made chargeable with Duty, shall not be deemed a Payment for which such (lamped Receipt shall be required, except the several Payments which shall complete the Payments for each of the first Four Years in respect of which such Legacy or Bequeft shall be chargeable with Duty as an Annuity.

XXX.	And be it further enabled, That any Perfon having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of any Will or Teftamentary Inilrument, or the Adminillration of the Perfonal Eflate of any Perfon deceased, and any Trullee or Trustees, or other Perfon or Perfor.s hereby directed and required to account for any Duty, who shall pay, deliver or otherwise dispose of, or in any manner satisfy or discharge or compound for any Legacy given by such Will or Teftamentary Inilrument, or the Refidue or any Part of the Refidue of such Perfonal Estate, to or for the Benefit of any Perfon or Pcrfons entitled to such Legacy or any Part thereof, or to such Refidue or any Part thereof, without taking such Receipt or Dif-charge in Writing as aforesaid, and causing the fame to be damped within the time allowed by Law for damping the fame, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Sum of Money, or the Value of the Property, if not Money, for which such Receipt or Difcharge ought to have been given ; and all and every Perfon and Perfons receiving or taking the Benefit of any such Money or other Property without giving a written Receipt or Difcharge for the fame, in which the Duty payable in respect thereof shall be exprefied to have been allowed or paid to the Perfon or Per-fons to whom such Receipt or Difcharge shall be given, and which shall bear Date on the Day of signing the fame, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Sum of Money, or on the Value of the Property so received or taken.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That every such Receipt or Difcharge shall be brought, within the Space ot Three Calendar Months after the Date thereof, to the Head Office of the Commif-fioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, or to some other Office to be appointed by the said Commissioners for such Purpose, to be damped, paying the Duty for the fame 5 and upon such Payment, either at the said Head Office, or at any other Office to be appointed as aforesaid, the Receiver General, or other proper Officer to be appointed for that Purpofe by the said Commissioners, as the case may be, shall write upon such Receipt or Difcharge an Acknowledgment of the Payment of the Duty so paid in Words at length, and bearing Date the Day on which such Payment shall be made, and shall subscribe his Name thereto, and enter an Account thereof in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, to the Intent that he may be thereby charged with tin? Sum so paid ; and in case the Duty shall be so paid at the Head Office, then the Receipt or Difcharge so brought to be (lamped shall be forthwith duly damped, as the case shall require; and in case the Duty shall be £0 paid at any other Office to be appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, the Receipt or Difcharge whereon such Acknowledgement of the Payment of the Duty shall be so written and fubferibed, shall be transmitted within the

Space

CjOOQle

A.D.i8i4"

54* GEO. III.'

C. (^2#

383

Space of Twenty one Days from the Day of Payment of fiich Duty to the said Head Office, and the fame shall be duly (tamped accordingly, as the case shall require; and in case the Perfon or Perfons paying such Duty at any such Office to be appointed as aforesaid,

shall be desirous that the fame shall be transmitted to the said Head Office by the Officer to whom such Duty shall be paid, and shall leave the fame with such Officer for such Purpose, such Officer shall thereupon (ign and deliver an Acknowledgment that such Receipt or Difcharge has been left with him for such Purpose, and shall transmit such Receipt or Difcharge to such Head Office to be (lamped as afore-laid, and the fame shall be sent again to such Officer as soon as conveniently may be after the (lamping thereof, and such Officer shall deliver back the fame to the Perfons or Perfon entitled thereto, upon Redelivery' to him of the Acknowledgment which he shall have given for the fame: Provided always, that if any such Receipt or Dilcharge shall ReceiPts not be so brought to any such Office as aforesaid within such Space 2?hmped,J} of Three Calendar Months as aforesaid, it shall nevertheless be lawful hwITelapfed oa to carry such Receipt or Difcharge to the said Head Office to be Payment of damped in like manner, after tne Expiration of Three Calendar Duty and id. Months from the Date thereof, paying the Duty for the fame, and Per Cent* also the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on such Duty, by ena ty* way of Penalty for not having before paid such Duty 5 on Payment of which Duty and Penalty the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to (lamp such Receipt or Difcharge in the fame manner as if the fame had been brought to the said Office within the Space of Three Calendar Months from the Date thereof: and where any such Receipt or Difcharge shall have been signed out of Ireland\ it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, within Two Years from the Date thereof, to remit any Penalty that may have been incurred thereon, and to cause the fame to be duly damped, on Payment of the Duty payable in respect thereof 5 any thing contained in this A 61, or in any other A61 or Adis to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Perfons paying, Party or Parties paying or satisfying any Legacy, or any Refidue Money con-of any Perfonal Edate, or any Part of such Refidue, or receiving the tr*ry to m (ame contrary to the Provifions of this A61, who shall, within the ^emni^din~ Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the Offence committed,

difcover the other Party or Parties offending therein, so that such Party or Parties so discovered be thereupon convisted, such Perfon (o discovering shall be indemnified and discharged from all Penalties incurred for any Offence againd this A61.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, If by Infancy or where by reason of the Infancy or Abfence beyond the Seas of any A1>lcnce Lega-Perfon entitled to any Legacy, or to the Refidue of any Perfonal Va^id ° Money * Edate, or any Part thereof, chargeable with Duty by virtue of this Jnav be pa.d* Ail» or by reason of any Doubt as to the Condru6lion of any Will, into Bank and the Perfon or Perfons having or taking the Burthen of any Will bid om in 3$ or Teftamentary Indrument, or the Adminidration of such Perfonal Fer Ccat* Edate, cannot pay such Legacy, or some Part thereof, although he,

(he or they may have Effe&s for that Purpose, or cannot pay such Refidue, or some Part thereof, although he, (he or they may have the dune, or some Part thereof, in his or their Hands, it shall be lawful for such Perfon or Perfons to pay such Legacy or Refidue, or any Part thereof respectively, or any Sum or Sums of Money on account

thereof.





384

C. (jJ<

54" GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

if Money improperly paid in Chancery may «iiipole thereof.

Excefs of Duty relumed,

and if left, on Payment of full Duty, Chati« eery may order Repayment to Party.

Accountant General’s Certificate of Payment into Hank fiUd in Chaneery, Sc c.

thereof, after dedu&ing the Dtity chargeable thereon, into the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in ireland, to be placed to the Account of the Perfon or Perfons for whose Benefit the fame shall be so paid, or of the Perfon who may be entitled thereto ; for Payment of which Money, the said Accountant General shall give his Certificate as usual in such cases, on Produ&iori of the Certificate of the Commifiioners of Stamp Duties, that the Duty thereon has been duly paid; and such Payment into the Bank shall be a sufficient Difcharge for the Money so paid in, provided the Duty be also paid thereon as aforesaid; and such Money, when paid in, shall be laid out by the said Accountant General, with* out any formal Requell for that Purpose, in the Purchafe of Three and an Half Pounds per Centum Confolidated Government Stock in the Bank of Ireland; and the Dividends thereon shall be received from time to time by the Accountant General, and laid out hr like manner ; and the whole of such Stock, with the Dividends thereon* fiiall be transferred and paid to the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, or otherwise applied for his or their Benefit, on Application to- the Court of Chancery by Petition or Motion in a summary way: Provided always, that if it shall afterwards appear, that such Money, or any Part thereof, has been improperly paid into the Bank as aforesaid, it shall also be lawful for the said Court of Chaneery, upoft Petition in a summary way, to dispose thereof, and of the Stock purchifed therewith, and the Dividends received thereon, in such mart tier a* Juflice shall require: Provided also, that if it shall appear that the Duty paid in respect of any Sum of Money was more than ought to have been paid, it shall be lawful for the Perfon of Perfons who shall have paid such Duty, to apply to the said Commifliotiet* for Manage* ment of the Stamp Duties to repay such Excefs of Duty; and the said Commifiioners are hereby authorized, upon such Application* ts repay such Excefs of Duty to such Perfon or Perfons as shall appear to them entitled to receive the fame, or to pay such Excefs of Duty into the Bank, with the Privity of the said Accountant General, for the Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, to be pheed to the fame Account, and to be applied in the fame manner as the fame would have been applicable if paid together with the Remainder of the Legacy or Sum of Money in respect of which the facie fall have been paid; and the said Commifiioners are hereby authorized to oak* such Payments respectively out of the Monies in their Hands* snfing from Duties under their Management; and if the Duty paid to the said Commifiioners shall appear to be less than the Duty which ought to have been paid, it shall be lawful for the Perfon or Ferions who paid such Money into the Bank as aforesaid, upon Payment of the fall Duty to the said Commifiioners in such manner as the fame ought to be paid, with such Penalties, if any, as ought to be paid in respect thereof, to apply to the Court of Chancery in a summary way for the Repayment of the further Sum paid to the said Commifiioners for fodh Duty, out of the Money in the Bank so paid in by fu<*h Perfdh or Perfons, or the Produce thereof; which Payment the faidCdnrt it hereby authorized to order.	1

XXXIV. And be it enabled, That whenever any Sum of Msbey be so paid into the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity of tbs find As-* countant General, the Accountant General’s Certificate of such Pay*-ment shall be filed with the proper Officer of the said Court of Chaneery,





A.D. i8J4-

385

54* GEO. III.	C.	92.

eery, in the proper Office, in the fame manner a9 Certificates of Payment of Money paid into the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity of the said Accountant General, in pursuance of any Order of the said Court, are usually filed; and when the said Accountant General shall have drawn any Draft on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland\ for Payment of such Money, in the usual Form, for the Purpofe of applying the fame in the Purchafe of Three and an Half Pounds per Centum Government Stock as aforesaid, such Draft shall be carried to the said Office, and entered and signed by the proper Officer, in the fame manner as Drafts drawn by the said Accountant General in pursuance of anj Order of the said Court are usually entered and signed as aforesaid; and thereupon the fame shall be a Warrant to the laid Governor and Company, for Payment of the Money specified in such Draft, in the fame manner as Drafts of the said Accountant General drawn, entered and ligned in pursuance of any Order of the said Court, are Warrants to the said Governor ar.d Company for Payment of Money in other cases; and the said Court of Chancery shall from time to time make all and every such Orders and Order a3 shall be necefTary for carrying the Purpofes of this A 61 refpe&ir\g any Money so to be paid into tne Bank as aforesaid into Execution; and such Orders or Order shall and may be made either in any particular Matter or for the general Purpofes of this A&, as Occafion shall require, and as to the said Court shall seem fit; and such Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery thill be sufficient Warrant to the said Accountant General, and to the Officers of the said Court, and to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and to all Perfons whom foe ver, for all Things which shall be done in pursuance of any such Order or Orders, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever; and no such Money shall be liable to Uflier’s Poundage.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That if at the End of Two Years after the Death of any Perfon deceased, it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commiflioners of Stamp Duties that it will require time to collect the Debts or Effects of such Perfon then out-(landing, or that from Circumllances it will be difficult to afeertain or adjult the Amount of the clear Refidue of the Perfonal Eilate of such Perfon liable to Duty, or the Nature, Amount or Circumllances of any Legacy or Legacies, and the Parties interested therein shall be desirous of compounding for the Duty thereon, it shall be lawful for such Parties refpe&iveiy, with the Confent of the Com mi (Tuners of Stamp Duties, to make Application to the Court of Exchequer in Ireland for Leave to compound such Duty, Hating upon Oath the Particulars of the Perfonal Eft ate for which such Compofition iliall be proposed to be made by Affidavit to be filed in the said Court, and declaring at the fame time ujpon Oath whether any other Property of the deceased, then outftandmg, be Tides the Property for which such Compofition shall be proposed to .be made, hath come to the Knowledge of the said Parties, or any of them, and the Nature thereof, and the Circumllances attending the fame; and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer to appoint a proper Perfon to fet a Value on the Perfonal Estate, or such Part thereof for which no Duty shall have been charged, and which shall have been specified in such Affidavit as the Property for which such Compofi-tioa shall be desired, and to adjust and fettle t!>e Duty which jullly

54.	Geo. III.	C	c	and

Uflier’s Pouud-ige-

If it shall appear

to Commillioa-ers at £ud of Two Years after Death of any' Perfon that it will re^uire<ime to collect Ef fe6te,or be difficult to afeertain RefiJue of Perfonal Eltate, Duty compounded for.



A.D.i8i4»

3^6	C.92.	54’GEO. III.

Duty pid for that which is not included ill

Compofitioii.

If Leracy refunded, Duty repaid.

Jhecutors re • taming Legacies

and equitably under all Circumftances ought to be paid in refpc£^ of such Perfonal Eftate so specified; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, if the said Court of Exchequer shall confirm the said Adjuftment and Settlement, and order the Duty to be accepted accordingly, and by Authority of such Order, to accept Payment of the Sum so adjusted and fettled in full Difcliarge of the Duty on so much of such Perfonal Eftate as shall be so specified, and according to such Order, and to enter the fame in their Books accordingly, and to grant Certificates thereof, expressing the Receipt of such Duty by way of Com-pofition under such Order; and every such Perfon to whom such Certificate shall be granted, and every future Reprefentative of the fame Estate, and all Perfons entitled to the Benefit of the Property for which such Compofition shall be so paid, shall be discharged from any further Payment of Duty on the lame 5 and in all future Payments of such Property, it shall be lawful for the Perfons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of any Will or Teftamentary Inftrument difpoling such Property, or the Adminiftration thereof, to pay, apply and dispose of the fame, and for all Perfons entitled to the Benefit thereof, to receive the fame, without having the Receipts and Difcharges in Writing hereby required to be given and taken for the fame, stamped as hereinbefore directed, provided such Receipts or Difcharges shall express the fame to be given under the Authority of such Compofition as aforesaid, and not liable to such Duty: Provided always nevertheless, that the Duty shall be charged and paid upon all and every Part of the Perfonal Eftate of such Perfon deceased, other than that which shall be specified in such Affidavit as aforesaid, and included in the Valuation in which such Compofition shall have been made as aforesaid, and for which the said Court of Exchequer shall allow and order such Compofition to be taken as aforesaid, in the fame manner as if no such Compofition had been made ; and all and every Perfon and Perfons shall be liable to all the like Penalties and Forfeitures for not duly paying the Duty for such Perfonal Eilate cot compounded for, and subject to the like Rules, Methods and Directions, for charging such Duty, as such Perfon and Perfons refpec-tively would be liable to if such Compofition had not been made.

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled, That if at any time after Payment of Duty on any Legacy, or Refidue or Part of Refidue of the Perfonal Eftate of any Perfon deceased, any Debt shall be recovered again ft the Eftate of such deceased Perfon, or any Lofs shall happen, by reason whereof, or for any other just Cause, any Legatee or other Perfon, by whom any Legacy or Part of Legacy, or any Refidue of any Perfonal Eftate hath been received or retained, shall be obliged to refund the fame or any Part thereof, then in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties and they are hereby required, on due Proof made on Oath as aforesaid, to their Satisfaction, of the Amount of such Sums refunded, and that by reason thereof there hath been an Overpayment of Duty, to fettle and adjull the Amount of such Overpayment, and to repay the fame out of any Money in their Hands arising from the Duties under their Management, or to allow the fame in future Payment, as the case may permit or require.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Perfon or Perfons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of any

13	Will



AJ). 1814.

387

54° GEO. III.	0.92.

Will or Teftamentary Inllrumcnt, or the Adminiftration of any Per- to tnnfmit l\ir-

fonal Eftate as aforesaid, shall be entitled to any Legacy, or the titulars with

Refidue or any Part of the Refidue of the Perfonal Eftate of any °.^red to

Tellator, Teftatrix or Intellate, such Perfon shall be chargeable witn 0f°s^pS°ner8

the Duty whenever he, (he or they shall be entitled in the due Courfe

of Adminiftration to retain to his, her or their own Ufe any Part of the

said Estate, in Satisfaftion of such Legacy or Refidue or any Part

thereof; and every such Perfon before any such Retainer shall tranf-

mit to the said Commifiioners of Stamp Duties or their Officers, a

Note containing the Particulars of such Legacy, Refidue or Part of

Refidue intended to be retained, and the Amount and Value thereof,

and the Duty which such Perfon or Perfons shall offer to pay

thereon; and the said Commifiioners shall charge and assess the

Duty thereon in such manner as the Duty shall be chargeable thereon

by virtue of the Provifions in this or any other Aft contained, and

such Duty shall be paid accordingly 5 and on Payment of the faid

Duty the Officer appointed to receive the fame shall, at the Foot of

a Duplicate of the said Affeffment duly (lamped, in such manner as

the said Commifiioners shall direct for such Purpose, give a Receipt

for such Duty in such Form of Words as the said Commiflioners

shall direct, which Receipt shall be a Difcharge for the Duty ex-

preffed therein 5 and in case any such Perfon or Perfons shall neglect Neglecting Pay-

to pay such Duty as aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after the Tame ment of Duty-

ought to have been paid a3 aforesaid, every such Perfon and Per- 1>eiu,t*v*

Tons shall forfeit and pay Treble the Value of the Duty which ought to have been paid.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if the Authority If Adminiflra-under or by colour of which any Perfon shall have administered the tion made vo’!tb Eftate or Effefts of any Perfon deceased, or any Part thereof, shall and Duty Hull be void or be repealed, or declared void, and such Perfon shall, before the Avoidance, Repeal or Declaration of Avoidance, have paid any ^ rej,ajjf Duty by Law imposed which shall not be allowed to such Perfon Sec. out of the Eftate or Effefts of such deceased Perfon, by reason that the fame Duty was not really due or payable, the Money paid for such Duty shall, on Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the said Commifiioners of Stamp Duties, be repaid to the Perfon or Perfons who shall have paid the fame, or his, her or their Rcprefentatives, by the said Commiflioners, out of any Monies in their Hands arising from Duties under their Management; but in case such Duty ought to have been paid by the rightful Executor or Executors, Adminif-tntor or Adminiftrators of such deceased Perfon, then and in such case the Payment of such Duty shall be valid and effectual, notwith-fbmding such Avoidance, Repeal or Declaration of Avoidance as aforesaid; and no such Perfon shall, by reason of the Avoidance,

Repeal or Declaration of Avoidance of such Authority, be sued, rcolefted or troubled for or in respect of such Payment 5 but all such Payments in respect of the said Duty shall be allowed in Account with such rightful Executor or Executors, Adminiftrator or Adminiftrators; and the fame shall be deemed Payments in the due Courfe of Administration, as fully and effectually as if such Payments had been made by rightful Executors or Adminiftrators ; any Law, Ufagc or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon shall Altering,&c. alter anj Word, Letter, Figure or Number in any Affeffment or Re- Rc«C'ii«,5cc.

C c 2	ceipt



y’

383

AJD. 1814.

Penalty.

Penalties incurred tor Nonpayment < ! Duties heretofore payable remitted on Payment of Duties before Jan. 31, 1815.

ftegiftrar^&c.

of Ecclefiaftical Courts to give an Account of Wills, Sec. when required.

C. 92.	GEO.	III.

ceipt to be made or given in pursuance of this A& for any of the said Duties, after the fame shall have been duly signed, or shall utter or publish as true such altered Affeffment or Receipt, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, or any other Perfon or Perfons, then and in such case every Perfon so altering, uttering or publishing as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

* XL. And Whereas many Perfons may through Ignorance or € Inadvertence, or from accidental or unavoidable Cauies, have ne-€ glcdted to pay the Duties heretofore payable in respect of Legacies,

*	and of Refid ues of Perfonal Eft ate given by Wills or other Tef-€ tamentary Inftruments, or which have devolved to any Perfon or

*	Perfons upon Inteftacies, within the time preferibed by Law for i that Purpose, and may have incurred heavy Penalties by reason of

*	fuch Ncgledl Be it therefore enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons who shall have incurred any Penalty before the Commencement of this Act by reason of the Nonpayment of any such Duty as afort-said, shall offer to pay the fame to the Commiflioners of Stamp Duties at their Head Office in Dublin, on or before the Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and shall make it appear to the Satisfa&ion of the said Commiflioners that such Duty was not paid within the time preferibed by Law, through Ignorance or Inadvertence, or from any accidental or unavoidable Cause, it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners to remit the Penalty, and to receive the Duty which shall be due and payable by Law, according to the circumstances of the case, and to cause a proper Receipt to be given for such Duty, and also to cause the Receipt or Dilcharge (if any) which shall have been given for the Legacy or Refidue, or Share of Refidue, of any Perfonal Eftate in respect of which such Duty shall be paid, to be duly damped as the Law requires for making the fame available, and thereupon such Re* ceipt or Difcharge shall be as valid and available as if the fame had been damped and the Duty paid within the time originally preferibed for that Purpofe 5 any thing contained in any former Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners of Stamp Duties, or any One or more of them, to require of every Regiftrar or other Officer of any Ecclefiaftical Court in Ireland having the Cuftody or Care of any Wills proved in any such Court, or having the Cuftody of any Entry or Regifter of any Adminiftrations granted in any such Courts, an Account of all such Wills and Letters of Administration, together with an Abftrad of the Particulars relating thereto, and such Extradta from any such Wills as may seem necessary to such Commiflioners or Comraimoner, on Payment of such Fees as shall be agreed upon for the fame; and in case there shall be any Difpute as to the Amount of Fees so to be paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commif-floners, or any Diftributor or other Officer duly employed or authorized by them, to require, by a Notice in Writing, the Regiftrar or other proper Officer of any Ecclefiaftical Court, to produce any Will which shall be therein, and all and every' Order and Proceeding of or in tke said Court, relating to such Will, to any Perfon who shall be named in such Notice, and who shall have free Liberty to take an Account and Abilrad thereof, and to make such Extrada as he shall think proper therefrom; and if asy such Regiftrar or





A.D. 1814.	54’GEO. III.	C.	92.

other Officer as aforesaid shall refuse or ncgle# to produce forthwith any such Will, according to such Notice, or to permit such Perfon so named in such Notice, at all reasonable times, to take an Account and Abflra# of such Wills, Orders and Proceedings, or any of them, or any Extra#s or Extract therefrom which such Perfon shall desire to make, or shall knowingly or wilfully deliver to such Perfon any false Will, Account, Abflra#, Extra#, Order or Proceeding, then and in every such case, every such Regiflrar or other Officer shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered with Cods of Suit, by Information in the Name of His Majcfly’s Attorney General for Ireland% to the Ufe of His Majessy, his Heirs and SuccefTors.

XL 11. Provided always, and be it ena#ed, That every such Account, Ab (Ira# or Extra#, shall and may be written on Paper without Stamps, and shall be kept for the Ufe only of the Commissioners of Stamps for the time being and their Officers employed in their Bufinefs.

XLIII. And be it further ena#ed, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this A#, for the Recovery or Application of which no special Proviflon is made by this A#, shall be recovered and applied in such manner and under iuch Rules, Dire#ions, Powers and Provi-fions, as are contained in the said recited A# of the Fifty second Year of His present Majefly’s Reign, with refpe# to any Penalties or Forfeitures under the said recited A#) and as if such Rules, Dire#ions, Powers and Provifions were repeated and re-ena#ed in this A#.

XLIV. And be it further ena#ed, That this A# shall commence and take Effe# from and after the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

The SCHEDULE to which this A£b refers.

A.

Form to be used by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in providing Blank Forms for Receipts and Difcharges, given under this A#*

STAMP OFFICE.

On Account of the Perfonal Eflate of	deceased,

between	taking	the Adminiflration of the said Eslate,

and	Legatee [or, next of Kin, as the case may be

	£.		d.
Amount of the Sum [or Value, if not in Monty ] accounted for -			
Duty allowed at the Rate of per Centum -			
Balance received ...			

Received the	Day	of	the	above	Balance

in foil [or Part, as the case may be] of my [Legacy, or Share, as the case may be] out of the Perfonal Eflate above mentioned.

C c 3	TABLE

VjOO^lC

38S>

Repiftrars, See. neglecting.

Penalty.

Accounts written on unftampc^ Paper.

Penalties, Sec. how recovered.

SI G. 3. c. i*

Commencement of A#.

39°

54° GEO. Ill,

A.D • i & 1^1

C. 92.

TABLE I.

THE Values of an Annuity of £100. per Annum, held on a (ingle Life, and payable Yearly.

Years of Ag		e.	Values. £. s. d.	Years of Age.		Values. £. s. t
1			1,010 14 —	46		- 998 —
2			1,172 8 —	47		- 984 12 -
3			1,23416 —	48		- 970 14 -
4			1,276 18 —	49		- 956 6 -
5			1,396 4 —	5°		- 941 14 -
6			1,315 12 —	51		- 927 6 -
7			1,32710 —	52		- 912 l8 “
8			1>333 >4 —	53 ,		- 898	
9			i>333 10 —	54		- 882 I4 "
10			1,328 10 —	55		- 867	
11			1,321 4 —	56		- 85O l8 -
12			**l3		57		- 834 6 "
13			1,304 8 _	5«		- 817 6 -
J4			1,295 6 —	59		- 799 18 -
15			1,285 14 —	60		- 782	
16			1,275 IO —	61		- 763 *4 "
*7			1,265 IO 		62		- 744 18 -
18			1,256 4 —	63		- 725 6-
19			1,247 14 —	64		• 705 4 “
20			1,239 16 —	65		- 684 2 -
21			1,232 18 —	66		*• 662 10 -
22			1,226 10 —	67		- 640 10 -
23			1,220		68		- 617 18 -
24			1,213 4 —	69		- 594 18 -
25			1,206 6 —	70		. 571 12-
26			I»I99 4 —	7i		- 547 18 -
27			1,191 14 —	72		- 524 2 -
28			1,184 2 —	73		- 500 8 -
29			1,176 6 —	74		- 476 18 -
30			1,168 4 —	75		- 454 4 “
31			1,159 16 —	76		- 432 12 “
32			1,151 4 “	77		- 410 18 -
33			1,142 6 —	78		- 388 8-
34			i»i33 2 —	79		- 364 2 “
35			1,123 12 —	80		- 339 8 “
3*			1,113 14 —	81		- 3*5 12 “
37			1,103 10 —	82		- 292 12 -
38			1,092 18 —	83		- 271 6 —
39			1,081 18 —	84		- 255 2 -
40			1,070 10 —	85		- 240 4 -
4i			1,058 18 —	86		- 226 12 —
42			1,047 6 —	87		- 213 16 —
43			1,035 12	88		- 203 2 —
44			1,023 IO —	89		■ 188 4 """
45			I,OI I — —   CjC	90  )ogIe		- 168 18 —

/\c\ pazv\\6\Q

0

o

°%r

%8’g'8v8v8,8>g^'g'8>g'8'8'8'gs8vgv8'8 *g *8 *§ *8 ^8 ^ *8 *8 *8

1	OS^OsO\	$>ON	C>	ON	££	vTN'p*	OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC oovo

£ £ £ ON^J 00 VO O - NO»4-^i ON^I OCVO o -	On-J	OOVO	o ~	Ov-j	OOVO	O

wnNjr,v^N^^N^v^v/iwnV/iV/i.f* "^.	^	^	Vi	oo w oj to to to *-	*-•	O	OjOVOvOvo	op

^	^	^	flfivi V^Ui ^ o OO ONUO - OOV-n oo VO	O ONNO^>	►» O •

VO VO 00U> OOU> *^I N M h h I O I*

S ONOvS 5 4> 4> w " " - OVC	*0-5	-

*•	| II NWW-f w 00 Vi w O 00 ON'-* I OOVO I w w N N I

*“( 11111111111111.111111111111111111 n 11 ?•

Ape* of rhc Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

| :-a o

B. **

c. o

—	«^ovvftvOVOV3	VOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVONOVOVOVOVOVOVOVO'OO'OOVOVOVONO

^ 00 00 00 00 00 0 qqooqoqoqqooQQQQoqQ QJ3 ° ° ° ° °

o

o

4>

— 1 ■ ■1	. tj hi Kl K) M fjo 04 U4 U) 04 C>4 C>4 C» 04 04 4^ 4^ V_1	rv

- - - - - - £ $ 2 S,S.g>3 3,3 S>£ o ~	^oovo	o	-

4* 4> 4* 4* n/J ^ “	-	OOVO O *-•

^^^^^5n®'^^^^5'2'§'S'2,S'-2'2'£'2'2'oo°°'S'S'S'SVS!^

^ M	I	~	~	_T	~	o	C7>4*	m	00	^	*"	»4^	I	cv	^	00	N	^	*"’	^	**

~~ m Tm i n n ......................

ON

Wi

u>

On 4*

00 oo GO 00

_	~	rc	00	00	OC	00	CO	00	CC	00	<*>^*0	VO	NO	NO NO

^CCOOOOOOOGOO^^VOOVOOOVO^^------------

JPvO1^3 ^ NO NO VO N^> VO ‘______________  'ZToc	CO	00	00 00

^	   —	*o	ooje	I	oovo

^^OVONOnONOvONO

VO VO nO no ^ q o O O o o O o O O O u _______________

Ages of the

Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

>Z

e £

a Q

c “

Ages of the Elder Lives.

( -J	-3	OO	OO	--

_	~	~	~	Jl V/t NXt N£ 'CjUl M O "4 N vl ^

5 as.? S'as 3--0 00

ON « ^ ^

00 0°

, VO ^	■	   .	I	I

I I | I M I I I I I 1

ON- ^ -- ,

111111111

►-I KJ <*> -b '

ON-J OCNO O M ^

Ages of the Younger Lives.

- - ~ - n\ On Ov C\CN U 4. wi vn S'X Oo vo -f* OO O

I	:	aaOOC'O 04

I »»o =°	, . . .

1111111111



H

SC

M

t

3

|S-

Oo

0

D u

5. ^

1	8

n

i<

3 53

° 3 t—

3"S

?vs

cr

?r

S*

a.

cr

O

3

3-

O

H

>

w

w

►

O

•

M

OO

»~«

4w

O

P

VC

OJ

VO

OOOOOOQOOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOOOO 2P.9?vr) VO vO VO NO NO SO VO VC VO VO VONOVOVOVOVOVONONONONONONO^

ON On oT^T

Ages of the Elder, Lives. ’

Age* ot the Y. ungcr Lives.

o *-i u 4* v^ CS'J 0°^ o *■« UU^VI Ov'-a

oo-a -a	do	oc

nnnhhnnmOOOOOoOONONO'O'O00^

»N OOv.0 mm 00 Ov4* ** 00 On 4* •- so os4fc I On to 004s* so 4-* ^ 5/4

I I I M II I I I I I I

* ^ ^ + £ £ <*-* oow^_—'**££-* ov* §? k

w	  ^	H	H	^	k1	N

......................... !

'

OOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOCOOO'X) —	.-------

oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

rs rN rs CN ON**a Njvjvi^MvJMvjvj oooooooo ooj” ^ s? cw OOSO O ~ t* o» 4»* N't ON-4 ocvo o - N ^	^

On Cn Os CN^	to » ~ ?* ** ~J

^N^J oJ ^ o ON+- ** ^	"	OON-J	N	ON-^-f-	>_1

OO^-JOO

-J 00 00 00 00

-fe .^•^OnOnO O ij + j*

O,	_	N	H	H	H	M	M	M	H	H	«	fii tH

Sos|^'O4^vOv,0U> On'0 ^ O' 00'o ~ w 4*	°

111 1111111111 1111 I 111 11 1

^oo0000000000000000 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00ggS0?S0S000S0C 00 00C300000C»0C0006

oooooooSooooSSooooooooooooooooooSoopoooOOOowwccooco^	______

00

F?

__	oo	00	oo	oo

O00ocooooooooooo»oooogoooo03

^^rr^rnrnnfNrr, rorcOO^

??£•?

Ages of the Elder Lives.

w w .w *

H w w 4*

---------  “----------------"- jk^4AjNKjkVnS^s^vn^V^V^^^^ O'

U to K> WU»«*»c»u*u*u»tA»c»u»CA»4*-£'tS2»£N*, 5.5 Tko O ~ u <-*> 4s* ^ On ^4 oosO O

£-3 00NO O ~ K» 00 4^ V^ ON-J 00VO O ^ ^	°°W______________________

S^l ON-4

----------------------^	00*4

----—--------------^	^	M	w « *- "*.«vfl so so sft ^^Soocooooooooooooooooooopo^^ 0 <* •

_ M «-(S^nS'0'0'£'£'O'O'0v0'®v0'C'£>'c'£^ - -	n|?n£? no 0° 00 ^	^	+■	4-	OKI	►»

N N	I	..	, - I « I -	-	m	-	\	4.	»?

-I 35 s- «- - it S „» 5= . I * - 1	ss I o o *— . »	;h

*\\Tx\ n n m 11 m 11111 " 1111 IIII I M 111 111 1 M-

Ages of” the Younger Lives.

w < > t

= z

g 2

5. o

>

GJ

t-1

w

>0

NO

M

4-

a

o

s

>

b

oooocxjooocoooooooooooo oo op

O* OS 0\ pN On-* -a-4^*^*^-*-*-**^ 2f2? 2?u?.2?vJ? cK-?

J* §S-4 OOO o ~ * O* 4* ON-* 000 O ^	^	^	^

___________________   *	^7Tr«	00	OO	00	OC	00

“"Too ooooooooooooaoooQgoooooooooo OOOOOOOOOO^noOOOOCCQOOOOOC®00 __________

00 00 00 CO 00 G° ^	  _____----—--

■	'	~	~	~	ZsZ	ON-J	000	0

-*^1 00VO O -	 -___

~ to u> 4* vsi Qv^* w	—-------

m m* •» m *-< tfvnsovOVOvo vO Olvl 00 QOVO ^ ^ Zj 00 OO 00	00

'j OOVtVO **	^	^

•£■«> OS O! (?> O' ^ * T'“ “	7

I............I................

VO VC VO *b On Ov On .

-mnmwnnnwmnnnn«^JJJJJUwW0 O	-	g^?Sov-«t“	ov,	-	©,»•->

.	+	|^woao,»o\»»

1	I I i I I I I I ! I I I Mill11111

oooosoooooooasooooaoaooooo 00 » «,-“>^^>^>^>5>^>-S>-3> ■s?-2>-5>'J

----------------^‘-asjs'&s'as o

m»n»n»N» k» va o» t» o> v> V> *g.S5 'oO'O "b "** "m £ v« "o\s»	°	’’*	*1-    „	„

2	Kw-^v, 9,M 000 o « ww-^v, OX~J OOXCU______ ZT~~	«	-	>»	SvS	Sbooooccitj

_______________________—----	_ M ^vnvO'OvONO^v2o\OvO*J ON •

WtOtOMMMMIOtOtOtOtOtOtoWgggggQQOQVOVOVO VO ’'on O^ ^r,“^U>U>h>	^^|	M	£

SSnoooooooooooQQPSS-iiooovo'ovooo oo-*	**	^i^ootoavOt*

—	oo	oc	00	CO	00

00 00 00 00 00 OO	-4	-J	-*	-»

00 ?«4 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^	—-------

WNWMMNNNt*NMt*N£r>rir)C)C>oOOQ R ^ ^ 'S	On	^

oooopopopoooooooooou^gggvovovo <*00-* v	^	-

***■**■* **	•—••—»	•-<	I OvWVn OOhVA 00«*^n*'O M « I	, I I I I I I I I I ! I * •

VOM « O'4" " 00 V, M Vo V, N 00+• I 04 N	, I , . , , I , I I	I	1	I	I II I 1

HIM.......................""^^-=^57

^^ooooooooooooaooooooooooojggSSSSSoN ^^CnCTnOvCnOnOvCvovOsOnOnOv Ov On On on ^ ^	,

CN On ON ON On ON-*	-* -4	^ -* -*	o'	2? **£* + '*' S

OV-1 00'O O ~ N C* + ON-* 000 u_________________________

o

o

eg

FT

_. ^ M 1-1 •"' *~ •"• ►« ►H'M M *H M M ,	►.	^	tjQ	OJ	t* r

'gjs-® S^S’SCJSvg'SS'a-^ °t ws>c-j»»sv-o'-ovm'**»-<‘-^'on-^'^ 17 7 r 11111 i 11 11 I I 11 I I 11 11 111

—I!	^	00	00	00	OO	00

———————	oo 00 00 00 00 00 Gp^-SP-I -O -4 -*

^ OO 00 VJV ^ Vj ^	______

00 OC 00 00 Op op^-j -*	 —

«^l *J —f	_____—--------------  **	1	**	**	*°

- •- - - r Jl ov~j 0 oevo o - M v, -f*	--------------

---------- „	h>	t*	M

------S	S	So	0000

v““^S 2<S—*00	^

OOXM W W ^ ““7 I | I I

I I I I I I 1 HIM

ZZ*0 ** “

.V M (J ^

o O OO II) Os ON On'*'1 •

♦-«•-• M •* 00	4^	#

III!?'

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Age* of the Younger Lives.

>t

i 3

5;o

to ^

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Age* of the Younger Lives.

<

>^

5 n

Is

C.

Ages of the Elder Lives.

# < > fc-



H

>

w

r

w

Age* of tlte Younger Lives.

>

b

00

ta

o

w

O

o

VO

I*

ti

VO

Os)

-----Toe 00 oo

__	~~________________-	  ---' ^oO 0° ££ ££ c£ C7H ON

J^ON^^gQpXMOOOpOOOOOOQpOpOOOOOOaOOOOXQOOOOOOOOaXOOOOiOjSS^^ ^L--------------- I"

^______OsOsON^^^^^ONOiONONONC^C^^ONa OnOsOn OnOn ON^^^	--

^ »i » w

Ages of the Elder Lives.

M NU>UUlUO>JUUif%.	,	---------

oovs o -



%'■£'

OCVO

Ages of the Younger Lives,

___ 	—	—	   w>^i	ooso	ohn - ” *.——-------- ..	k>	m	r?	,

.________________________________________________

Sl-H«l!iiK>WNMMMNNNNMMMK)NNNWMNNNNNNN^Ol2<2^,->HO

*'J‘J ^ ON 5\ osd	W	Z w M ~ ~ o O VO §> GO-1 *J	5	£	J!	00	1	^	^

2 h> VO Onu» VO Ov u \£ \£ N OO.* ^ o Os VO	w-^^JVO w-£ k> O oo Os-£ *"* 00 ^	. . I | | | | M

* I I I I I I | | | | | I I I I I I I | I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1 ' '	----------

< > ~ 51

!o

._.——--------Too 00 Ages of the

' "Tin 00 rv^	""	■■	■	,	11	y	ocoooooo^^^as	Elder	Lives

°°J7 V-n V^| J®.00 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOCOOOCcI OOOOOOOOOOOOOOCO^^ctvCTsC^^^__;___________

II CvQnOsOsOsOsOsOs^^

o

eg.

o

o

o

°£-

n

jUNjj'2; o\^j -j -j

O'M Stf-g-2-3,3gf>2?«>*»°°

.tjNNNW-»-“^S> 00-3 -3 Q> OS'? G> +t £ vS (£

o ° o o o g'§,'&«'g-2><- o«^«»

' ° ^ - H. «	-	S'^i	S>	O'-?	N	3	0OW1	W O M 4.

..........................................'"I

OOVO O >- N VW	J	*_	K>	So	OV^J	00*0	O

^ N W -i* Vn C7s"

Ages of the Younger Lives.

>

td

M

hmKINMNWNWWJJ

vnooHWMWMt)«rt 4* oov^i

s-n oovo 6 O O

Os I N N 00 0s | 5\ N OS 00

I I I I 11 I I I I I

M h> W M

J S3S3S»I^>

oevo o ~ r

i i /1 ?■

>2 2 S

5 o

c “

“■ o

OOOOOOODOOOOOOOO 00-00 3° 00	oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo	00	OO	00

OO ro oo OO oo oo oo oo °o oo oo	Ages	of the

S?vJ?sA	Eider	Lives.

_ M M t w w *> ^ ^ *V> »°	+	^	^	W	+	^	'ov^J	'"Soso	o'	^

ooso o ~	OS^J	OOVO O - K> ua 4*. v^, OS^J OOVO O M	+	Os-J	OOVO	Q	m	N	OJ	-r	__________

-OvovOVOONSvSS5S)S»S)S)^^^^^SsSs^vKvS^^^JicSw--OVOsO

I I I I I I I l II I I I I I I i I l I I I I I II I I I I I I i I I I I M I I I M •

Ages of the Younger Lives.

I*

x* ° £•:? 3 r

oo

VO

Vo

«o

<*rt

-u

6

w

O

S. f

5

>

b



o

o



			A^Toftho Elder l.ive*.  of the
CO 00 00 00 00 OO 00 OO Op Op OO OOQO'XOOOOOOOOCOCOOOOOCCPOOOOO .4 4^-44* 4‘-44»«4-4*4*-44*4‘-44*4* 4-^-4 -4 -4 -4 4- 4* 4* 4* 4*			
VO Os On Os Os p\ Os £ Os Cs Os^ GO 00 00 00 00 VO 0 •- n> oa 4- Osvj CCSO 0 m NU)f Vn Os ^4 oovo O *-	H (ow4sVo On^J ooso O ~ to O* wri		/VEU a v» v,,w  Younger Lives.
W M N W ^ ** .2 9.° Q VO VO OO QO OC'VJ vj OS Os^» 4 U W M 0^0 00 0\V*A « <t ^ O Os K) <0 +■ O Os OU Os so oo  M *4 Ut (MM H I N M MM M H M N I  4 XN O\04 - 0\N N 1 0 VO ooso O *>u> -4 ->* 04*^ 1  I 1 11111 11 11 1111 i 11II i 1 1 1 1 1  .. . ‘	r-		 to to to  ^.totototototototototo WWW jt  00O H N M MOJUJWOJW to to M j r^sO^JV/AV^i 00 0 t0U>U»O»O  M H (,  O Os 00 OS 00 004k to 0 CS-**  111 1 1 1 1 11 11 11 1 *		Values of the Annuities.
''V  84  84  8+  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84  84	M^"S C/3  xicoooooooooqooocoococoo o° $74* -f- 4- 4*		Ages ot tnc Elder I lives.
■ _ ^ on so  1* M M m M w to to to to to to to to wwwwuc>iWU>u>uju44'4*444^444Vo^nSflV^^'v/i os^ 00 V#l OS'J CCSO O *-> N U> 4. Sn Os-O QCSO O ** tO 0a> S-n Os"4 OC^O O m tO Us> 4“ ^ O.^J OCAO O *■* W ^ ^			Ages of the Younger Lives-
■■■'■■■ ^ to to •o»oto»oiowtotototototototototototototototototototototototototototototo«ototo^^K> N N Wl  Os OsOl If-^OOOOOOOO TotoTTtO to m m *-» •“• O O 0 SO VO so 00 OC'-J Os Cs'-'t Soi^^ctAtOMMOVO ^ ^ to I 00 Os4^ VO 4* 00 UA Z£ VO SJ'T 1 O^H ONNvJ NV^ COO W OS'-J 00 CCSO O CCS-n UJ I 00t0N)NCsOH,J  1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 | | | 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1*1 1 1 1 *•			Values of the .....
£££££££££££££££££		OOCOOCOOOOOCOOQOOOOO 0° Sf^P-£? 4^4^4^-44-4*4^4*-44*-^^	Ages of the Elder Lives.
a'&s'as S'?S''S'?£%3$£°-»a 5; a us us g5?^		w ^ 0 co A  h nuj 4. sn ooso O M ^ ^	Ages of the Younger Lives.
■**3'as*8#52<8il “£,3 s pppf2?a g^£  S\ C\ S» O*'© N 0\0 N 004^ 0 O' N 0 'O *■* ^ °V Q0'O 1 M Vr, '-I 0 N  11 1 1111111 11 1 1 1 1 11 1 1 1II111 1 11		Mtotoutototototo w  sc tooooooo-44^-442‘ Is) sn h 0 Os cc N 4 CS-J  M MM MMM K *<  4^ 4- 00 to oc> Os4^ 4^ *  1 1 1 1 1 1 I 1 1 1 *	*«! a c a 0 c • a- 0 » :? *• 5-  a

>

W

W

»-t

>

b

00

4*

*-n*

o

o

w

O

p

Vo

K)

U>

. 'O

Upf??,00.00 CCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO oo 00 CO 00 rn	“-----

f rP,°° oo 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 CO

-T	    VA*	V*»	0>	O*	O*	C*>	Os>	tji	U»	Oo	o<>	OO	Oo

Ages of the Hide* Lives.

Mta+Oi 0^1 ocvo O ►>	O'-1	060	°

Oo oo oo Oo Oo Oo oo -(x _Lk, «k k jj. _o 4^ 4-	Oi	Oi	on	Oi

00 4^^1 O\"0 00VO ot	00VO O - K> oo 4*

Ages of the Younger Lives.

M tO to K) to to to to to to to to to N	to	to	to	tO	tO JO JO U to to to K> tO

On On On On On^i	4-	4-	u,

to to h* « O VO NO "O 00 00vj	*4	On	On	On	ON'-'*	vi	vt	-t*	vo	u	to	to	^	►_	o	vO	'O 00 oo^ CN'-a ^ w to

- . _	I	H-	~	I	.M'	£	^	_	J?	^	.M	~	M	-•	~	M	~	~

~~	^	flft	-	Jv	..	..	—	r>._L.	M Vn on O f.> rx rs r

»-<	*-•	I	M	—	~	~

On4^	to	|	oo on	oo ^ «-o	on x4	vo ^

11111

c/i OW On00*-»4^4^C«Co £ w o 00 On 4- to Cn oo o JS SnOn^

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I p-

\J -> r. •« t

--------------------------------------------------

10 to to to to to to to totototototototototo to to tj JJ J5 2 !2 o O vo vo oc

S'g'SfcS^sSsfeji*8«“ ^ - »- &8JfS f

- - f	I	<x£	*4	OcJTsO-^	O	to	U|

*	■	•	I	I

GO"-* Os On

to 00 o

) VO 00 | to 4^ ON 004^ O ^ 0 ^

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

wwwwwww^ww

M W 4*'^ OnxI oo vo O

KjK>tOtOtO»OtOtO

o CO	On^i	Cr,	cn	On	On	Hb

(5\wr»	4	o	h	•

S^to	OO	I	E	ON	|	00	*

| |	I	I	I	I	I	I	*

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOconn^	.	----------

to to to * to to to fcf£°5°pooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooT^----

10 * * * to w w to tOtOtOtOtOtOtOtOtOtOWM^OpoooOOOOOOCQOooon^

_______ —----------------------------w “ “ “ “ “ 2?2?£?^ 00

“ M to to tOCOCAtCOOOOOOo Ui 7T	  _- M

— n M toco^vo cw -ft ** •* + -fc. -u T----------

0010 ° -

>% s £

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

>£

2	c

3	O C «*

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

oo vo o M woo^v^i On-4 OCNO o

KJ to to N.-J-J

^K>tOtOtOtOIOtOtOIO

to to tO to to	ONONOvONCNOCNfo

■*>4'•.t x* -JOVONO OQ^ *>j OvV-n . 4^. Oi OO to to **

*4 f>	p* *	H

I	,M	K w H 044 NVO 0\ 00 NC •

►-	.	vo	OnV^i	4^ ^

I Nil I Ml I 1 I I I 1 ^

tohjtotototototo.-.^j

OO OO OO OC 00 00--J -j r* oo-J • UMMhnOO'O00

M M I	N-	*-	SO	1

On-^ U> »-i I oo—J On ^	ill

1111 n 11111 LL-.

o -**

zt

r 3*

>

w

t-4

w

oo

>o

On

vo

M

Ot

4k.

o

o

i s

►

b







oooooooooo

N (0 (M ^

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

iorototOtOtOtOlOtOtOtOtOtOtO*OtOK>tototOtOtotOtOtOtOtOtOtOtOtOtOtOtON«*-*«

*323?;*^$^£$^'2$4*«,8.e<S.i:-S 8SvSfU M M | I nS o» C\-P *-> O 00 5) 00 00 00 Sot£ 00+.	I a» »+• ►» I °° S'+ o'" “

.... ~ - wmnmmmmmmm**'r11 i

N tO to M W

to ^ On Cn-J flk to M M\C to .

K> 4* o 00 00 •

Mills

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOO

N	+	ON ^4	OCVO	O

Ov^ oovo o

*o Ki ^	KJ to to to to towoooooooowuuiuw^-f-f^-^

O £ S £ .£ £ ON-S OCVO O - tou + vi CN-> OOVO O - NW

to to to to to K)

u> ^ ocvo vo vo

CO« N Ou OO 4* Ov-f^ 00 OO 00

ITT. I I I

UOOU)

o o o

wwuu o o o o

UU) to to

CO CO

28

vo vo

vo vo

kiklKltOtOtOWtOtOtOtOtOtONtOtOtOtOtONN tO

VOVOVOOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVO'O'OVOVONOVOVOVO'O ^

00 00^1	On ON to	U> cc-f*. vo £ ocoo oc to Cn VO to Onqo^oo On 00 6n*^ to |	oo^a to .'

1 1 1 1 1 I I I | I I I I I I I I I I II I I I I I I I I I I I I s

0>o>o>o>o>o>ffSpopopopopopoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooocooooocoa:Gpopooop

° °oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

00 00 00 o o o

I?

CJ m C w

p t

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

. < J> bi

5 c*

S r»

c ®»

§:s>

Ages of the Elder Lives.

<n

o

eg

rT

"o"t"fe£££-►jg's*e***«^onoc^.o'p'gas**2

to CM 4* vo ON^J oovo O ~ to Co 4^ v^ ON'-J OCVO O -

vj

to oo -h

V» vj vj

V^i On*-!

NlNl OO

oovo O

Ages of the Younger Lives.

ST&S'S-SV?**

w “ n o ono oc-4 Ov^a oo to	O >0	ON-^ <-»o	VO

to to to to to

to to to to to to

to to to

00 OO ^4

to to to to M ~ OO to to Ca

ON-K to

XI

OO Oc

^ o

On m

On-^ C* •«■ I oc_£ vo Oi I 5v^ £ M

00

On On On Cn4* co



I a .	~ • ~ ■	i	u>-4*	c*o	m	o	oovo	coto*<i	»0	-vj	to	On	on	On	w’	■

xS:H'l M I I I I I I I I | | | | | | | | l II I I I I I I I I M I I I I I I s

>*:

I.2

>

tjS

t"1

M

>

b

OO

-£

p

vo

to

AtJ

VO

vj

25983

kc\ pazvv\6\Q





.1 -J

O'-' 00

•S'cfs'S® 5

aooocoaoooooooaooooooooooooooooooooocoooooooopQpopooooooooopoocoooso^co

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO QQO°OUUU

nnnmnhwmhnNmnMMMmnN S n hMW^ 0\ oo VO 0	10	04^^1	ON'-I oo VO O m h> w 4* v, qv-4 00 vO O ~ ^ ^	w'

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

U)WWWWWOOOJ!>1

CO OC 00-^1 sj OnOS OnV-^v

~	“* r s

00 •

On VO h» OWO	^	00

K> K> M N w N

1111111

gaaaaasas88gga3gSS3a3aaaaaaaa	-

-------------------------------- 'w^v^'u^^'WNy\cvc\o\ovc\ovOVC)VOVOVOvOvO'Ovo

(JWWWWWWWWU^Aaa k k k a 4 .	.	—--------    -

^ o w	^	xvo	ggg&ga&gss-g-g’a

o o'CO x oc-i -1 OiV,>rt+.w M N « o o°-> on^+? N ~ O	M	o	00&&	2	£ - .ffJTo £ S' !*>

I-	M	M	M	n M	-	*-< I	,** M M M	mm	»«	•“•	~	M	M	^	M M M	M	-

hi cw 4* OS'-! OOV-n N	OC M Ov I 4* K»vo^i-fw u v^i 30 n vn 00-^	4* o 4* oc k> ov I 4»>^J *-*4* oc w> 00 h> .

j I I | II I I II I I I II I I I I I I I I I I I I M I I I | | | | | | | I I I I I ?-

OOOOOOXOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOCGCOCOC

Ages of the Younger Lives.

0

o

o

00

o

4.0, 0\-l	ocso	O - *. o* +■ ^	OV-J	>~

r H O O	VD	VO	cc OO'O	Ov*^	4*	tv

4* H VI u VO U Nj M CV O ^ S*AI

^ *» ON VO	w	£	Sv 30 |	M	I S> OS-?	**

1 u I	l	I	I I 1	I	l I	I M

“ m M N

N K>o»4^ Ov*'j 00X0 °

^rm_________-	g»&

£ M ti w4Vn OV-* 00 VO O ~ M	---

N NWi^v,	_

hi o	4v	Vj N ^ OO •“• (J O	o	VO VC	00v|	Ovv^i -L 4* Ofci t>i hi	t**	w

4^0	I	|	oc 1 SvSol^O	+	^^	+ i	+ ^^vnOv Ov^J	€C	~	+	O'0

I I	I	I	I | I I I M	I	I I	I I	I I I I I I ’	’	1	1	1 1	*■

>£

§ i

4

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

>£

5 e

If

U)

VO

GO

O

VO

hi

>

b

00

TABLE II.—continued.

v) vj	sjr

OpOOOCOCOO

^OOOOWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOCOCJOOO^^^^^^MVJVJVJ^

®»co»oooi!»»ot^^M

“>».»»•».*»	<2	■* 11 £ £^ Wti'S'C

o ** M Jj 4. vo	OOVO	o	*1	NW^^i	OVv|	oovo

____00	00	00

k* Ua 4^ v-*i c^sj cc vO O S' ^ ^

w ^ N U

OJ O0 UJ U) U W W	^	U)WWWWU»U»WW(A>WWW<*>y»U)U»UUuu»aiti»i

««. .~S.	-».	  ^	Os	Ok	(*k	Os	Os	Ln	ko	Ln	Vo	Ln	Ln	Ln	Ln	l/l	Vn	V/l	Vo	_£s	_t	I,	».	,	.	T*	^	'

Afiesof the

Vounjfer IJve«c.

SC ■

/ j n j 1 1 1 11 1 1 1 1 11 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 11 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 111 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1

vj v| v| sj vj v) *vj	>J vj V| Sj nJ vj vl vj vj vj vj vj nJ vj vj vj

vj Vi Vj vj Vl -vl ^ 'yj ''J Vi Vj vj «vj -v| vl -sj vi V| Si V| si vi vi

’•\	1 >«? 2 “
J* j	1 § 3?
	5.’ s  n "*>
*	sc s-  n>

^ v^vJ'JMvl'4viviVJvlvlvlvl^, , 00 00 00 00 cc 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 oolxli

s^r, Vo Vo ^o Vo Vo OnCnOvCNCNONOvOnOn ON'S* vj si vl si si <1 si

4k 01 On04 oc'O 0 *- K> ^ 4* »sn On "4 00 no O ►- wo»4 vn on"-*

WWWV»1WWWWWU)UUWWU)WU>

^	4	4	4	4	w	w	w	N	N	tsj	HH	_.	o	ovp

M w M N N N

CO 0C v4 ovo Vo

-b oc o Cs> Vo CO *-

uv> « vb bs-^ MVO^^VCV^ o 00 K> Os

_	_	| k-	H»“|	*■“	*M	>-*

00	(0 v/t oovo	O	I	»-	m owe Ui	C\ I	>- n N w 4 C\vj vo O	M

1	I I I I	I	I	I	I I I I	I I	I I I I I I I I I	I

N NO44V0 Ov^J OOVO O - N> UJ 4k Vo o\^i ocvo

N^Uto(jitWWVttOJWWUOOUJCOU>UOJt« OOUd 4* v-r,	vo	On	O-^J	vl	si	si	vi	vl	vl	si	OnOnOvOnUs

VO	o Vo 4*.	CC-f*	00N	N	w	W	N	M	M	0\0 OO-sJ	-vi	*y

*M	M	|

M	Ov4k ON-4	hi	O 4*	'sj	O	M	Vo	COvj	ON	ON So 4	K>	r

!	I I I	I	I	I I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I I I	I	?-

^sislsislsislslslslslslsislsislvlsisislslMvJslsJvlsIsislslsislslslsisislsisisislsis

^jslvlslsisJslslslslsisisisisislvl'JvlslsiMsJsisisislvlvlsJsisislslsisisislsivlsisIslsl



o •*	On^4	oovo

muk»^k>s>s>m MM UUWWWW CO £ -4 4*	*oLo	"3

O *«• NM4 vn on's! OOVO o M. u w 4 ^ 0\"*» OOVO O *“■ NW-h ^ ^	^

o

o

o

0O

n

trt «M	Cv>

Jg 0 VO VO VO k»w4^

no no *00*00*00^^-^^

- O so OO ■vj

-3? SvSPv^-Sf^Pf00^ £? rP £? * 00 '^'^^O^NjvJsislsi On Ov ON ov ON ON ON UNV, p,

^440lU»WNHHQ0yOV3 CO^J VJ OVr, 4k 0s> »0 “S VO OOvJ On^ U hOOO O

• l r- - O 4 vi	|	KiuiVo OnOOOOOooocc 004*. >*»vJ4	I	“-nnuo-4.wvO'sI-4‘M f oc on-4	w vo	S*

1 1 1 1 1 1 I	I	I I I I I I I I I I I I I I	I	I I I I I I I I I I I I I I	I I

VO vo	-

mw4<^ n

h 00O\ Onv-h cri 4k 4*. sj O 4^

"Ages Ot the Elder Lives-

■^v£.

VoiiPger *'



r sr

&»>

b

o

o

o

K>

04

o

vo



O

o

eg.

o

		^^~-l -k V »K ^ » ^	1 -Ages of the | Elder Lives. ~l I	;——
^ ^ «^J 0v0\0v0v0v0v0vC*c'^'		vlVJ'J'JV,s,vivlvJ	
tn OS 0> 5\<*£\5T Os^ Svo' O « NW^U'  Ov^l OOVO o *- NW^^ Ow OCXO O - 10 °° ^							H K> OJ ^ 0\vj OOVO	1 „^e5 of the 1 y 1 g«r Li*et.
^Cr UiooWWUOoWW to ^ ~ O vS.Vo t^4“ Os Sif °°,CO CO CO OO-J -J -J -.1 -J ON OV 0\ ON^» ^r,S^,^££v0^r«s^{->J'J ^ °°° ^  00 ^ H o OO c*-4> c*»*-*N^^,-f*‘K»vO^-fkO^J^*'*^ ^ ^  ^oovSS^SS^-^osoc^ os-^oo S&NV. fT7T T r  -1 1 1J jI 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 11 11 1 1 1 11		roOjWWWUOOUW  0	4* Os-1 ^1.CO oovO SO ft 4* O0U> -f*- GOV-a so 0 — •  ~ ~ ~ •- I  CV Ov 0C Os Os 1 00 Ovtw .  1	1 1 J 1 1 1 II s	Values of the Anuuiries.
M	n\0\CAC\C\ONON^^^C\CNO\OC\00\ON(^C>  <?SjONOv Cs Os Os CvOv OnCsOnCnOsOnCnOsOsO\OsOvOsC7sOsOsCAU>^vw		-rtge> of tj,e  Elder Lives.
Sj  v^l	_ _ ^ M KJ h) to to to K> to N^^^U,<"WWWWt"^^-fk £ H Z ft _T lT X ^ O i? MUJ + Vn OS'vJ QOSO o •"* to u> 4* Os^J 00SO o - to *n mu 4s v^n Cs-O OCVO O ** to csi -4^ ta os^J ccvo o ** ** ^ ^		Ages of the 1 Younger Lives. ,
K>  00 K»  •£  1	S s £££ = Svg-S gsvS^^«2w s s - 2 o o«« co^ c* cess's's o P>  | 0,0 cn4- ki I oo Ov-5 oo 1 - » 1 oo 54 NW-? 0,-5 00-5 o oon £ ! o 5 o>4k 4- 4- 4k 4- 4- 1 !*  1 1 JJ II j| 1 1 J 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 *		Values of the Annuities.
-<I -< Wi ^	J *vj »J Vj V] vj vl —] —J «kl —1 —-I 'O **-J —1 "O Vj «vj vj vj Vj V| vl —1 "j —> 'O *0 Vj vj *4 vj vj vj vj 			 sj Sj s» 0 0 vj  iV^Vrj^VoV^S^V^S^SaOiSnV^Vflk/iSnOjVoV^ViV^V^WlOiOiSriViS^^^V/!^^^^^^^,		Agc-s of the Elder Lives.
UUiCwVJtwtwWtgW-^^^^f^ ^ *fta*£ 0^0\C?\OM?»0\a\0\ON 0\>J vl vl «J vj  <~> N u» -f. On C\'4 OOVO O *" h» U» 00>O o >-i *>* Ck> -f* '“r* ON'J OOVO O *- M OJ + ^ Ov*<l 00VO O w N W			Ages of the Younger Lives.
+ + + + to <£<*> wtwuuuuwbJOJUJUtA)^^^ K) N> *“JI" “+• •► «" t« ►» N °°'~‘ 'a+- I-*110'" »l* »UU + ^ “«''■? HM Jft - cw oa 5 Z s oout « oo f  1111 r j 11111111111111111111111 j 11 j 111111, i j 11 ^			Values of the Annuities.
			

>



O

O

VO

K>

tr,

o

w

O

>>

b



___________________

% S' S\2\js\jr	ss&o ~

8 -----------------——'

j — oo u» w ^ *o



~	~	M	S	~	O	oo-J	ON	'

“t" .33»su-B»i5«--'*r:| 11111 is

rTn 111111111111'1111 "1L.——

_____________ i	'	'	■

Ages of the Elder Lives.

WWW	^.W	N	N	o	OO-J w,-,- ^

"Hr	i	i	i	i	i	i	1111

.................."	11111 ^-rrrr?^

— ■ _________________-___

o

o

^■"—-»»""■■	v4n3v|vJv1'J-^vJv,'n,'v,v1 vJvJ

^^^^^WWWWWWWWWUUOJWWWWUJUiWUJUU

_	■ .—---"	QsOsONOOnOnOsOnOn Ov^I 'J'J

00 ^ O ~ Sof-fT^ Ov-J 00VO O ~ K> o*

i ob^o O	---------------—---------------------

-• o O O vo vc so 00-J "J Cv Ov^-n -£• v*» to ~ **“ da u# «* *» g n-J^* wvOCn u °°-* O^vowvJ	o>^4	VO

'%£ M o~>v'*c° °	- ~	  -	_	-.

M ** ** 0009 00*^	N O - OWO N OVD M 09 -f* 4* ^ O

I f17 M 1 111111111 n 1 1 1 1	1 1	111

; ^ on

;£££ P*

Ages of the Younger Lives.

«• 3-

Ages of the Younger Lives.

-s° ;^==-ff7rr^

; 77 iiiihm_|J_i_L

>4

>

w

t"4

w

V

b

O

w

O

'O

K)

lounger Lives.

KC\ p92V\\B\Q

| Elder Live*.

J Vj vl Vj  ---------------_--

' M	—	S ^ N| vj VJ vj

^ H I•* H	vj V| —, _

m w w »s» jrr~~ ----------** — — — — — -___________

CTV—* OOVO o Vf Oo Cm U» fTT ~~	—	-	^	~

° ~ ^______________________

2 8VS VO *§,^2	VO VO 00 + ++ +^55^ Ol Ol"§>^	^

« «. « oo^g’g’g’ox^*'“

TT TTT rr?** “ 1 O'O'O ZooSt* » o£+ + '» S+S'S Z*

‘ ' ' 1 ' 1 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I II I I *

- *v|M v)sj vj Vj vj vjvj

'	**	*4	Pm	m	**

os-*

u N MUUM

Jf OOVO O ~ H

lyl wn

S "vg 8>8''"

-?o» w w

Ov^'

I

~J -J

-J -3

o o o

v4 Vj vj vl vj n3 vl vj sj vj

vl vj *J

vl vj 'J

.—:rrr^hrs----

uT-j-f - « - -__________________—

OOOOOOOOOOOOO

o o o o

-g OOP OOP °-------

.	. KK.jkJk^iVn^i^i^iVnVo^ui-	^	_

, ggstvS^s o -	oo5	ys*2\s\g\2'g;^Svg"3

*	^ vC <& SO "fete 00^ i ^ i OvO\s£

£5£,S'8^4* wso Os**	£s£	Z£¥

os-P «so Ss*v* <*<*<» oo5	^jj _ 5 as^o »

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

K> ^

4>u^ O^1

oovo O

,- K) u> •

——P>

£ £ *g 8 »0^^'jv0

P'	-I	-	-J >?

I X, Ov o=-f> O'N 00'°	.

TTTi 111111111

o

0

o

oo.

o

*■

\

i M 11111 ■ *................il——;-nr^r-»-*«*■* o

. ^i^i~a~»'J-J'S^nnoooOOOOOOOO«wuu«u------77.	J*

^ooooooooo	V .— -------"77, ww«ww	-£■£

___________“	"	7\>	►>	N	N	O''^	°_

-	ON'vJ	QO	VO	O	  ^

___ ^ M NW+v^ OS-4 OOVO O	_—--------  L„	..

H	°°^	°____________—	7T7Tft

-------------------  ri^	vn^vn^^vijvtwi^vn^	2	-	-	-	O	O O O Q g •

"	'	;	^^^(wriCriV-ri'^nV-riVyiv^i^'vrlvynVyi	^	s)	K)	k>	m	m	m	os'-n 4^ l»	0	SO	—*	w

i.4..4VAVfl^^^^^ + wU,u,t>)0JU M M yJJ A	W	O	VO	oo	00	-t-	^

Zl -4 3	^	w	u> <**	n vo oo os^v u h\o oo Ov^ “**	, _ ^	~r	^vO	r

os^ o GO 4- CO - ^ O	r	~	\ S>C7v-^ ^ OVO 00 os^s -U

=«| u fimtlrrimTmn^MniMMii^

Ages of the Younger Lives*

>t

I 2

s o

«r

? s*

A

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

£5

1* a*

Ages of the Eider Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

> — r =

||

¥ I

*-3

>

w

t-1

w

oo

tr»

O

o

w

O

>o

K>

4^

O

Co

I

404

S4* GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

C. 92.

TABLE II.—continued.

Ages of the Elder Lives.	Ages of the Younger Lives.	Values of the Annuities.		Ages of rhe Elder Lives.	Ages of the Younger Lives.	Values of the  Annuities.		Ages of the  Elder Lives.	Ages of the Younger Lives.	Values of the Annuities.	
		aC.	/. d.			£.	x. d.			£.	X. d.
69	68	40 5	19 —	69	24	542	H —	68	49	518	I —
69	67	414	4 —	69	23	543	x4 ~	68	48	521	6 —
69	66	422	10 —	69	22	544	>3 —	68	47	523	18 —
69	65	430	*5 —	69	21	545	x3 —	68	46	526	10 —
69	64	439	—	69	20	546	12 —	68	45	529	2 —
69	63	444	10 —	69	X9	547	12 —	68	44	53x	14 -
69	62	450	— —	69	l8	549	*3 —	68	43	534	6-
69	61	455	10 —	69	x7	551	x4 —	68	42	536	7 —
69	60	461	—	69	16	553	x4 —	68	41	538	8 —
69	59	466	10 —	69	*5	555	x5 —	68	40	540	10 —
69	58	470	10 —	69	x4	557	16 —	68	39	542	11 —
69	57	474	9 -	69	x3	558	lS —	68	38	544	12 —
69	56	478	9 -	69	12	559	14 —	68	37	546	3 —
69	55	482	8 —	69	11	560	x4 —	68	36	547	14 —
69	54	486	8 —	69	10	561	x3 —	68	35	549	6 -
69	53	489	4 —	69	9	56 2	12 —	68	34	550 17 —	
	5*	492	7 —	69	8	559	18 —	68	33	55 2	8 —
^9	5>	495	11 —	69	7	554	18 —	68	32	553	11 —
69	5°	498	14 —	69	6	548	10 —	68	3X	554	14 —
69	49	501	18 —	69	5	540	2 —	68	3°	555	16 —
69	48	504	10 —	69	4	533	4 —	68	29	cy6 19 —	
69	47	507	3 —	69	3	5*5	18 —	68	28	558	2 —
69	46	5°9	x5 —	69	2	49*	16 —	68	27	559	1 —
69  60	45  A A	5*2  C I C	8 —	69	1	427	x4 “	68	26	560	—
u9	T*							Do	25	500 10 —	
69	43	5*7	—	68	68	4X7	2 —	68	24	561 17 —	
69	4*	5*8	x9 —	68	67	425	4 —	68	23	562 16 —	
69	41	520	19 -	68	66	433	6 —	68	22	564		
69	40	522	18 —	68	6S	441	8 —	68	21	565	5 —
69	39	5*4	18 —	68	64	449	10 —	68	20	c66	9 —
69	38	526	9 —	68	63	457	12 —	68	x9	567 14 —	
69	37	528	—	68	62	463	1 —	68	18	*68 18 —	
69	36	529	10 —	68	61	468	10 —	68	x7	57x	1 —
69	35	53*	1 —	68	60	474	—	68	16	573	4 —
69	34	53 2	12 —	68	59	479	9 —	68	x5	575	6 —
69	33	533	x5 —	68	58	484	18 —	68	x4	577	9 —
69	3*	534	18 —	68	57	488	18 —	68	13	579	12 —
69	3*	53*5	—	68	56	492	19 -	68	12	579	18 —
69	30	537	3 —	68	55	496	19 —	68	11	580	4 —
69	29	538	6 —	68	54	501		68	10	c8o	10 —
69	28	539	4 —	68	53	505	—	68	9	580 16 —	
69	27	540	1 —	68	52	508	5 —	68	8	581	2 —
69	26	540	x9 ““	68	5' 1	5M	10 —	68	7	571	12 —
69	25	54*	16 —	68	50 1	J'4	16 —	68	6	568	12 —

VjOOQlC







_________SII &&»»»

ojsssassj^,,

M w 4>. v*

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages ol the . Younger Lives.

^ ^ ^ _

wWUUWU»U»U»U»W-^ + -f, i O ~	o\^l	oovo	O	**•	**

£ S “os^ oovo o - -	___________

__ ———	._ ^	4»	4*	4*	4* 4* 4*» t~

O o VO VO 00 GC^J ON OV^ ^ t* j* -U u» t>* Ca» N> to *-• ^ HvjW^ w OV *-> 0\ 00 o ^

*£>£ n o OOO o C\<-* so ^

- ^ ov X o N •£ Os^	n	4*	va oc ~	^

1i i U I I I

wnvflvflvtv^v^v^vav^utvnvi^^j

-j -j ^ OvOvOvO Ovv-a u* >-? n ~	“	«	n	va	u	h	vo	-sj	v^	w	U

I > vn vn Vr» U\

' »o vC wn ^ VO •

O	-	** ° °"~ - —

-- l« ao; S o*4-»» 5-« »o»o-

' 111 111 I 11 I I 111 I I 111 11 1111111 111 I

~ ^OvC?n0v0v0v0vC7vOnC\0n0\0\C?v0>0\0s<7v	-S' 'S'	•S'^S'	>5^

^Vjxlvjsjvavjvjvjvjsjvjvl'slsavjvj —I ^

-	^	K>

OvOO^OnOn^^OvOs^^^Cv^

OvO\OnOvOvOvO\0\Ov	~	^

W to d N

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

(OvOSOsOtOtOtOvOvou^v. -

£ £ onS '3=2 S' S' 2'5'^'vS' §5	___

^ -g*j & 2 22\22=2222 o o22222"3> «p »®o * *o2 oo'-> jv

'J C*>£	w	VO	00	00	CV'-J	OOVO	O	O oo ov4> *» 0 oo^» ^1+ w	^

■ -.•?!»«;«: I 00,0 o 5 - 5 oov* s

■ ‘ 1 II I I 6,

< ► I-

3 c

__________ N

wt ^ ^ 'Cl 2 2 2 "oo^ "g 2*2

2« g - o-f'O'- O'®0 N >£>+■ ° „ - - w

OO v.

S3-*?^	s | ~ H11 h *

- — -7;, M I I I I I I I I "	--

|MIII I 1 1 1 I I I 1 1 'JJ_--

—	1	_	^	^/vr>r>0\O^^	S	8\

Ages of the Elder Lives.

t*

p

00

p

>0

M

4w

O

US

TABLE II.—continued.



_ fji Q\ Q\ On On

£ SI §5 S* =* <* O' ®*

o

0

&

ft

------------------—~zr^^TFfs^+~ -<••**“' °-j "

^ o» i* ^ ^ ^ j.4. •►-£.•► •£,♦ ■£.■£ ^ ^ M « 4- ^ <?"* 00'° °_ii-"

$$£? *WS$$ ^HS^S^ss's ^S •=« *r -W«Sl Mwft.«^SS*S«5 I ^“°*f S 777777 M

11111 III 1111II III 111111111111111111

Ages of tiie L'der Lives.

Anes of the Younger Lives

•$&&»'* "”w £*0

Pv OnOnCnOnOnOnOnOnOn On £n ON

v#i v^ Vo Vn v«ri vn vo On ON On On ON K) U) + U| ON*,*J 00VO O •“•

'^VoVoVn^Vn'-oVo'^No^^^

Cw, N/| VO 4* Ui OJ K) N» <-< O'O'O 4* VO Vi O-P'NOOO OO -i 0K> ON NO ~

I	M	M	H	N	N

I «*n o K1 Oo v-n On 00 •- 4* oo «

I	I	I	I I	I I I I I	I I I



>t

D C

a <»

|S

Ages ol the Elder Live?.

*“• N uj 4^ Nn On^J OOvO O •— n Oi 4^ On^J OOvO O 1-4 to 04 -f* ^	OOVO	0

Ages of the Younger Lives.

« o - S'w	mS'S'S'S'°'2'2'2'-?2'2'o'h»

“■	1	“	”	*"-----“	“	-	_	“	M	MM	...*7M„,

| n-T n m « a cn con -g •< On o n -£

On On On On On On On On On	On	On	On	On	On	On	On	On	On	On	On	On	on

4-4-4. 4.4-^>4.4-^^4-4.+*^+.^4-4*4*4-4-4- ^^^^N Pn Os O. ON » ON On <* OS <* Ol <* O' P'

~---------------------------------------------- ^

OOVO o MU4k Na ON'-J



On On ON On v

Ol NmO V^i No *MT|

On NO CO Ov'wr,

__________________ _	_	^OnOnOnOnOnOnOnOnOnOnOnOnOnOnOnOn	OnV-h Or

_ ^onOnOnCnOnOnOn Cn On vn^ mMNwmnWhmkhhOO O^O'O^)

On On ON On iT -*■ 4*^^t»U)WW^	^ CC OnVi Oj K> o O0ON* K> O 00 VA t>» NC '-4 4-

^ ^ w nZl 4* h» NO 00-4 Vi^W	~r-

^	^	m-	«	~	~	--

r	^	M	e*~

0	s,<
00 •	S c-
oo 5*	3 A  c. o  IT **»
1 ?■	M rr  sr  •

Ages of the Eider Lives.

Ages Of the Younger Lives.

vo oo oo oo-J -> $2 •

0	04	0	ON	*°	00

____________   vr	^	K,	00	*

-.	-r-	\j	aow	htvc	v)	4.	0	^	^	0	vn*^

*-*^*-*^-*^|M< H --	^	^3^4	M	CN	I	4	^	°'H	V*	^	O	OOVi	fci	OOVl	14	^	*4	00	O*	00	ON	ON^i	*

imini>'1111111111111111111111111111111111^

>£

5 c

n

»fr

H

>

w

f

M

Q>

**

H,

a

SL

o

o*

>o

K»

Vn

o

o

o

>

b

pszjijBjQ

^°\ C* OS Os Os Os Os Os Os, on On Os On Os ©S Os ^	_	.,	----

------ltol»'»'»<»wu,«o.wMuwu.u.u,	?>. ?>. <*	?>. ?>. c*. ov	ll ^.gT^T^r

NUJUH#)UUJUuu»(/»U**4k + ^*^^ -f^ -4* ^ . , . "	'	     ;	■2'-^'	_j

■ VD o - K) Ui 4* Ui c>^4 ooso O ~ H ^ oovo	C?S	OS	ON CS /I	^----

______________________________-	“	^	^	Os-J	OOVO	O	~	W<£	II	_

CK ^ rv A. A. .	_	_	_	_	_	_	_	  A.	/>	(-Ma	^	.	  —	-	■	-	-	-'	g\yj

° * 51 *• « I 00 i-

1 1 I I I I I *.

+ £\S\2\2\£\S' S' S' S' S' ? S' ? ? S' S'S'S S v3>'£'£'r'>	^

M 0'O,v|wiu> <^vo^JS^i k»\0 0\-f»	0	viu\OU, q	^

.^voVoSnSa^u,tn

O\so ^ O0 O0 N) *a o

•-S-TI O ^ '•J o <-*> ONOO

_ M M M HI	I	N^WOW^Iool	O\hsJM00

O-* N 0 OOS^I MO^-fk00WON,“^	.	(	,

| | j I | ( | , | | | | | | | | I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

o

o

o

0O_

OvOsOsOsOsOsOsOsOvCsOsOsOsOsCsJ

WKJNNNKJNlONKjMKiKJWN1

^^^Vnvosnsnsn^^snsn Os OS OS OOVO 0 *-• K>u^sn Os^l OOVO O ^

0O\ Cs'-n SnVnVri^snV/iVoSn^^^sn

0 O so SO GO oo-o Ov Oss^i	N

CU Cn «-i QsN OOKJ-vj to Os^^-sl o ^ ^

OO'O VO O | 04 Os I <*» Cs4*t» N | ooll <*>

I | I I I I I I I I I I I I I

[	^	O'O'O'ON ON O' O'O'q^qv^

v^i v-o Os Ov Os	Os	Os	Os	Os	Os	Os	Os	Os	Os	Os	Os Os Os Os Os Os Os Os Os Os Os ._

XI so N> 4- 4* Os Os^i	Os	Os	Os	Osv^	vX\XN^v?JT-£V	4-	4^	4*	&b

^ O O	O so	O	oos^i	^ u» u	k>	so Osc* *-•	oo oss-a	u>	►. o 3? -J Os^-a <*> •

30 OS oo	O *>	o I	00 So o»	o	oo-f*. SO s^i |	Cs-fT K>	o	00Osl'“nVO*^ °° **

| | I	I I	I	I I	I I I	I	I I I II	I | |	I	I I | I I M 5*.

OS Os Os C\ WWW

1 ■■	~~	-Sososcscscsoscsososospsosospsosososososososc'g

-----

W-----------------------	TThi	hS	h>	^ K» N K> M^WWWUWUUUu^ ^ rv 4. -f“	“^L,

—----------TTrzrTTTTM	os-j	ooso	o	-	n»	^	^	os^	00	vg	^	-t	^	z	>	^

+ U10i«a»«0 n £ £-g ^ O'-1 000_____——----*-----------------------  '	‘

OS

OS'-ui snv *- M -OS ON C

Ages of the Elder Live*.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

IS

f'2.

Apes of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives,

>	
s	is  E. M
	o' S*  r s-
1	0

1

00

fr*

*

g

8

>o

K>



O

o

o§

FT

~ ~	_——----- Os	C*

o^a\O2s?0'0'0N^a'°'0s0'c><>2'?2'^^

K) K, N> K> M *» M MWOJUJ'JOOOWWW	“£	*£ "fc £ £ C\*^ 000 ° ~ -

K) U> v-a ON-4 00 VO O -	O-J	00 ^ °  ----------    3T^i





n w -p Wl	-w	^	-r- — »	___________—■—	,_ w Ul 1 ;	rKv-o-f*^*

&&32S333&ssss$£g%$%£t'&z£ w °°t	-	-	_	i	i	i	i	M

- O « -> «■► «"« ®	0,4-	-nO'J+-MVOU^	,	„	„	-.n-0-t-°°N0^	.	.	1

_	-	-	- -	I-- I	ttUl	oo	I	-<*>-•*	°''-n	.	I	I	I	I	I I I I	I	I

•* oo - -* 00^ no«a-(.	u	I	5C»+-1	I	“	.	.	|	I	I	I	J	I	I	I	I	1	1

I I I I I I I I I I	I	I	I I i I	i	• 1	1	1	1	--

S'	s s' S' S' o S'	s s s S' s	s S' ?£££££ii

----------------------------------rTU v-n w-i ^ O

52 5 T1 w CK» ^ ON-4 00VO o ~ w <-* +

______- ---- ■ ■ ------------------ ’

. ovON^ovOvONpvc^^ONOsc^asOv pvjg	iS	JT^i

jTviTvii 4»> 4> 4>> <-o u»	k> k>	~ ~	0 O 'fJ	^ vn	CO

?5o £ ^2 00^ ~ ^ W	00d	aoo*	oou> -J	M M M m

«ih- -	~	~	~	~ ~	| j;	oco	^°°

^ I hN-^^	-	o	d\	1	•+*	(	(	.	|	1	|

I 1111 11 11 11 I 11 ‘ 1 1 11

„ 8'c2N ^ +. •

Age* of the Elder Lives

Ages of the Younger Lives

> £

Ages of the Eider Lives.

Ages of the Younger l.ives.

H

„ jiil 3? 13? ° 1 $£$■ $ f ^ ®*

„	I	o	+	'C«	aN	"	I	00-J o~> 00 oov° I

111111 1111111111 1 *•

00 v£> -

Uivnwnui^j NO \Q VO 'O 'O

VnU,Nn y* ^ v-n on*-! aovO

S'o §'§'§'§';

M U) U, ON'J OOVO °

Ages of the Eider Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

___	—	On	On	On	ON	On	On	On	On	On	On On On On On	i*

------]T-J -1 ^JTnO nO NO NO VO OO Op 00 00 OO-J ^ ^ ^ "o	*

ON 4*	~ O 00-4 V^u» -vo-ivnw °	^

^■|n S o oo on-^ ^	5*

--------------, -J -J ^ ^ O V

PR S5 §0>o'(3 -	-	I

^ -o. 0,00 « 0,-4*	;mh-5S^^«|	,	,	I	1	I	I	I

00 004* 0C4> On oo W

II I I I I I I I 1

_____	r^'-	|	jro.-5.5	5f	f",	|	|	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I I I I I >■

00 00 4* OC 4* OO t<*	*	|	|	|	|	|	|	|	I	I______________  _____________

B. ■

s ;

-3

>

w

r

w

5*

I

&

O

NO

W

o

W

o



a*-!Kr*K»s^-

, _	Ov<I	OOVO	w-   -

—-*	£ -3 £ <S - O

>	J	oc-J	4*	*"*	00	^	_«*-••-	p!	7

|VC-(S~40»M-0'0°6	0\0*	0

In ff f nt rrtTTMT^^

H

>

E

I

b

M

00

M

*

Q

s

o

'S

3

O

o

10

>

*

o

TABLE II. — continued.

Vi Ji	'

4 4-	 ■	,	—	  —------

<g S $ 3 o^S <&$ -fe 11 £ t £ ■&*» «$ o - «2 $

M vj vj s J vj vj o «*»	si n! n]	0\ ON	^ ON 0\	ON ^ O^ ON

v£* ■£ 4*	04 o«» u>	m n	hi •-«	•-< O	O'O'O	00 w'^J	ON QN^f* *fc.

O Oovo	n cov^» (4	Q0«fk	0^»	*■« vi	•«	On •-*	'■'n Ow>i O^ 00

^ ^ H	M |	—	M	H	S4	M	M	w I

4* on^ no I m ^ M ON m on 00 NO *-	On	OOVO I

I JI I I	IIIII I I I	I M	II II I

__________.___________________________________________

M *o o» N-^ On*^ OOVO O

7^*- &^af8_

_________________ ON ON?

_ ^ . slsls|v|Nl^*4*^‘J 52 2? NSJ+ wsi*^

ON^vOVOg'g^^	m ,

0 W oou» ON 00 ON *	^	^	|	^	M	^	ON	•

4* W M ON o Os-P> OO 00 N O H v> '

11 I 1111 j I I 111 *111 1 11 *

^Ml»MUUMUO)MUM

co 4* ^ ON^J OOVO O H MM

-j * *"■* On On On On On On On mM^^O'P'P00 O0^ On On JJ qw O'-avO-^ O0<-»N-a oo M

«	On*-**	OOVO	O	»■«	On-o	00	no	o •* *> °*

On >4 sj Vj vl Vj sj 00 CO 00 00 00's! sl^vlslslslslslHl^J	U?VA	th

2 p ■£ ON--I NO NO O OQO OVOONO 00 00 00>4 ^	^	2> 8\3± S' S''S>'3n5 •

NO 4* O ON 00 o NO N-ri 00 OnU» n\q sJCMNO ON M 00 ON-^ » O C® ON*^ MOW ^ oo 4^ on On-*- O oo M o 4* oom on I •£ w no On On On On On On'-'* «► + w m I 'O I*

.........................  1	1	*	1	» I I I I I I I | | | | J*.

Age* of the Elder Live*.

Ages of the Younger lives.

>*

ir

i'l

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

9

w

f

W

a

o

w

O

I. P

>o

14

----------------._^u,W»V!	«	«|»M»»l»»|lM|M»li»»*»iW»»»»*»	_____

^WSJKiKihJN**0^	t,___	-	—	-_,_.-	,	.

________________        M	K> to to W N MUUUWWWWWWUJ + ^TJkv^ On^

-----------------■	»	*	S	J2	-£v£ Os-» oovo o nTju)^^ Ov-S OOSO O - * ^

n ** **	____ ______________

Ages of the Elder Lives.

;-§oS o

. M M m 10 tO tO KiU>UOiWW WWW WU»

tojjjj^vi; Os<* oovo O ~T*u>4“^ Ov-* 00 VO	_____

OOVO O ^ w ^	00x0	°	  '	t	.	o	*4	^ n) vj nj ^ *J^SS?I5

-------------------------------, vj Vi ■vj	tJ to — — O O vO .

„	„	.	-J	vT)	VO	00	00	00	OCvJ	'O	vj	vj Q\ OvV-n '“H '-'i 4* 4“	^	O0U»	OOOO	00 "*

«>oooooocoaoooooocoo«>g> g> O v£ vO VO qh+ M \o Ov4“ M. oov-n “* 00 wn — Ov ►» 00	m	*,

£££ & SPSS'S 5 &S	 -	-	I	£,££	o	ooS.-J-J •

___	„	m	Ov	Ov^t	N	wvj N 0\H	1	I

o d,~ 0,0^^^ 00	  I	I	I	I I I I ^

Ages of the Younger Lives.

2 c

VuvflOivriv^^wioivioivwflVaVn^j’

w Mm w m M^-s’sa »a,&5s,a!8tt-66	-fee's'

o M WO* o-4 oovo o ~ w ^	 .-----------------------

a

cr

o

Oi Ov-J oovo O

--------------------------------------  T	7-J	vJvJvJvJvJvIvlNlvl^vjvI^	OsOj

Ooooooooooooooopop 00-4	^ -J ■^*0)00^4	^5	ON Ov^ Vj ^ ^ *£	£» JJ ~ 2, £ vS vc?

K> to to *- i- — o O O OVOVOvOVO OOOOOO 00^4 ^ ^ OOOO	wvJ n	wn OS«V^ OON ^

Cv<-* O OvU» o Ov4“ to o 00 Ov-£ Z> VO Ov4“ O <-* 4“	i	i n	M „ -	-	~

•" H - . I I 1A	 -	.	_ « rtk Ok

VO OO *- 4“ oo N 4. Ol V* to M M M

to N t*

w N I! /% M 0000 vO -004“ o ^ w w

Jlllw11

»- »r «•

nk on O 00 *

Ages of the Younger Lives.

>2

3 c

00 00 00-J -* 5v ON OV 00 O

I I I I 1 1



H

>

w

t*

M

		1  oooo'S'Sooo'S'S'S'S'S's'S'S'S'S'Soooooooool	|v*,v^vo^^vnvou 1 M*****-*********1	r ¥ 1	Ages of the Elder Lives.  1 4aAt rtf* sUa.
	X n  H ON^I oovo O —		I ^*5C3 ine  | Younger Lives
“ &*+ *•« »S'8^g>^ “ ^  1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I I | I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 | | 1 1 ■ 1 1 1 1	ov^i -4 oc 00 00 00 00 00 I uT£j 0 - * ** y> <*-£ ij -f- 0 •  VI (^4. 500-avO N'-n 00 ^ ^ | 1 004*. 0 *° W 00-4^ 0 ON W *- 1 ^ 1 1 | | 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 * |		Values of the Annuities.
			

vo

to

o

8

>

b

N

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

n

f$ $ <8^ ® $ s £ $ £ £ £ £ $ ||'S'S O *3 *8 *3 *3 S *3 S *8 ^ *5 *3'S's'g *3 >3 >3 *3				Ages of the Elder Lives.	•	M OO  +  $  w  (~t V,  w **• r w  1 P  5 M 1 p H  O  VO  10  •  *  vM
J V, U|J^Ut»U>U»U>wU» .» f t h fl I ^gov©%3« wu^^i Ov-4 oevo o h Wu + sn ooS j			M M W V^ 0\*M OOVO O m MU*^^ Ch**4 00 VO O M	Age* of the Younger Lives,	
Ate MHtov) sJvJvJ^vJsJ vJvJM nI nI vlvjsjsjosl  ■fsjpSra'SsS* a2"aat.t,&«gj^  *, tM t**>> mmmmmmmmmmmmm mm I  U ^ u m NO 00 ON ON^ On Ov O 00M Ch 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1			Os*"! PP SP.00 oo 00 00 00 OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 4k Jk 00 ^ N U ^ Vi V/1 V| Ui 4v A ^ W U u M M M h |k V| ©n+ M ^ 00^4 + H OOvSi M 00 <fk. O v| U VO -M •  M J* « MMMMM m M m H4 M  ON On OO OV On K» O O O On m OvM^I » OnVO Co On O 00 ^  1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I 1 1 I | | 1 | 1 *.	i  Value* of the Annuities.	
"fc"fe"fe"fe*fc*fe'ob'ob”ob’ob^o^o"«>^"*^				Ages of the Elder Lives.	
8 t S%'S*t1 * t&1>		>* MU> OV-4 00VO O M MU ^ V| On"4 CDVO O m M u ^ V| Oiv)		Ages of the Younger Lives.	
00	QOn) NjV»Vj>4vjNlxjNl-0*4'ji’^l'>J  g, 8 «>£ 15 * »-S' S'oi& & 3 -  M M M M M 1 1 1 Ji Xi? 5 09 1 I M m W » 1 00 0\-* M  1	1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M • M 1		Ons] s) oo oo CO OO 00 op 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 V| V|NO MW J V3jv?*SX-S' NMMMmhnIH)  U ON^t o* v*« *0 O®'*1 w ® OVO* VOVI H Nitrt o 00 Onus m oo On 4* •  M M I - X LI X k. I? ^ ^ M MM M MM .  M I 004* 0\M O^M 00+ O ON+ ** VO ON+ MO NW| 00 VO O M I1  1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 | 1 I I I I 1 I I I I I 1 |L		Values of the Annuities.	
	-felofc'fet			Ages of the Elder Lives.	
	M MU»^^ Os^J 00'O o •* ■*«“-#* w* Osm oovc O M fc> U> 4t m On^ 00VO O •"• N			Ages of the Younger lives.	
vJ>4sJsJsJnJ*4«4nJnJ^  8¥#*yffS<8v?3 Si-S oo I mifviMWO  Hill 1 1 l» H-t‘	1 SP 00 00 oo 00 00 p§! ON Sv2?vS?^P-2? .SPr00.00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00-  l?8i&S-&8'-3^~ - ° *5S<3>8'2 &&* 2 - - zs ?>  | | W OtM <X>+- O Si 8610 2 N -► -► M M t*  fl I I1I I1 I 11 I 111 11 1 11 I 1 1 11 1 11 1111 1 ^			>£ I 1  s O  n  A	

Aq pazjjjBja

£ •& I V.'O-? s>

111 i LLi

do



On*-» oooooooooooooooeoooooooooooooooo 00 00 00 oo 2? -f*	*o <» -b M

Cl Cj	00 00 00 op op 00 va Ca -a Os Os'* s* v*» -fc -£ £ - co os<*» u

o a\V^i	00-f*	O ^ •* OOtn NVO^ M I-. *-»•-• •-* __

| h w ^ w I k N N	M ^ w	I	Jl	no	I fc> ON	00	|

I W N N On O tr, I +'0-^ O	OnW 00o 'j	I O' ^ I I I	I I I I	I I I I I	^

111 m 1111 n 111111 m ijjJJ_jjJJ-!-!-i-_-

-fc	On

5! O

to •■*»

r 5.

■■:■ ~-ji_____________________________

_	_	_	w	_	,4	u	k>	(0	MtttUJWWWWWWOiUi

~ W	U>	tr,	0^1 00 NO	O 2 MU^Vy,	Osd	00 VO O	2 S JJ .£	£ OV*^	00 ^	O	«	N	C* -f> ^ OV^	00 VO

ON"-*	oo	00 0000000000000000000000000000000000QOM>or.«>00 00	00 00	00	00	00	00 00 00 00	0p	00 vj

'JOONO, ON 00 00 00NO VO VO VO 00 00 00^*-4 ON On Sv2rv2rv2?v2P-2r-^-^ t* l*» U» K> N « w ^ O o yo u oo-f»N u»	Ovm	On m oo-p. o On k» S+> ^-3 v3 ^2 ^ 5 ^ *» 'O ONU>	^ ^

oo	00c^Msji	00-ft 4* 4k 4*. 4k NO	-? oou*	00 I	oo O ?	^	Os	ooto	oo-? vo -b	Onvo ?	^

11111111111111I	I I	I I I	I I I I	I I I	I I	I	I	I	I I I I	I	I I	*.

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

il I ’ ’_______________________________________________________________________

tjNn tiWns^Nfiv^ Vi wiO^v^^^CnVfl ^ V/lVnU,V/,V/'v^'/»VotN'^V/»V/»V/«V/i^iV/''/'V/,V/,^nVo^tj

HHMw.(kjWH--NNNNNMNMNNOH>H>l!>»WU>^W	^

^	ON^	00 VO O ~ Wt*-?N?	ON-4	CO VO O ~ NUi^t, QV^J CCSO O ~ NU)^^ 00X0 0	«

! c 1 o ! w

•; o “»1 r+ ZT

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

>

w

f

w

P

VO

H

t*

4.

a

o

o

>

b



M MUAO, n, .	Z	**	~ ^-U U - M M M M li ii W tt W MM M MUUWUWWWWWWf-

^ ^ ^ Ov**J 00 VO o M	Vf| Q\v| oovo O *" WW^ Vo Or<l 00 VO O *-• MU^^o Os'-* 00 VO O

$£?$» M MUM Ov

-*r

’3~*rrmr. rr *	~

VO VO \O VO VO Vo VO VO vo oc

;8 o *«s s*s s$2s

00 00 00 00 OD 90 CO 00 CD 00 CD 00 oo op 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00^3 ^

‘ vo VO 00 00^4 Vj *4 QV OS Qv 0\Vo Vn V*» VrfTi .fs -tk u» U» u» N N H n O 0^5 \% o V*l M 00 Vn N VO -£ ** 0O OvU» O OVMVOVrj i-i Q\ m sj M »4 ^ ^ *

** OvO Ov-* »* 00 004* «* ■* ^ .* •* JJ M o vo aow^i OO. I CS^ no Ov M m o 00-4 Ov-* m VO Ov4* »M^U» •

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I II I I I I I I | I | | I | III?-

0\

I

u»£SSS£&£&££££S£££££ww<>»u»u»c*u»u»o»££££o»£u»<>>o*

M M M .M M^M	<*	52	“fe	“t	*6

M + ^ OS-4 00 VO O *“• MU4)vU OV-4 00 VO O •“• NW4kNfl OV^> oovo O * MU^ OV-4 OOVO

’ ovoo OO oo opvo VO VO VO VO VO VO VO VO vb vo oooooodooooooooo Op CO oo oo 55 0® Of op Op Op 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 a> jCo^ OOVO Q MHMMMmmnO O'OVOVO 00 00 00-4 <1 •**	<2*	pv	i	^	"ft	*£>***	M	i1	M	W	°V	8	^

VOVO	V)	mV#»VO	O-4 Vst	t»	wVO si	M	S| u	oou O ^ ^ H OO'-n I"* 0^*4^	0-1	m	oou \o	^ vo ^ ^	M

_ H	W	H	N	N«	I	I	'	‘ M	M	WtalWWWNHMHH	M	I	H	H	M	N	M	I M	S

14 Ov	o	00	I	I	h	M	^ Vo Ov	M	004*	q q^Vsi ^MmO^OO^O	I	M ^	N	’

I I	II	I	I	I	I	I	I	I I I	I	I I	I I III I I I I IJJJJI	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I I I	I	*■

.*■*

M H

o

o

o

00,

ft



00 Op

M **

vi O

tttttt'fctt-ttttttttttt-tttiitttttttttttttt'fctt

Ages of the Eld or Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

r?

C m

fa.

* s-

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

a c

Ages of the Elder Lives.

KM-NHHHMNHHMMUMWMJiW MM UUUUUUUUUOt^4> I 4 Vn Q\s| OOVO o M MU^U Q>^ OOVO O M	00VO	O	N	Ovsl	OOVO	O	•■*

Si 00 & 00

vo vo vo VO VO VO VO t

H H M N M M M

VO vo vo vo 'O 'O VO V

VO vo vo VO VO so OOOOOOOOOOCOCOppppppOOpp op oo oooooooooooooooooo

M	M m m	?S ft vo	vo	vo	oo	00 00	9P^ >>	^	gv Pv OvV^l ^	^ t Vtt U	U M	M	^

VfiOViH	&<2 v8	vK	u	oo	Sv<»	o -* '*»	~	»•£	M oous	vo -*	b Ov ovnvow	•

M	m" *	N	**	M	M	M	H	H	H	m I	M	M	MM	M	M	I	M	MM	M	M	.

0	4*	OV-*	OV M	Ovus	O ONUS	O I VO	VO	00	OOM	00 | u»	Ov 00	m «|w »	mVO	OO.

1	I	I	LIIII I I I	I I	N	\| ~| I I I I IJ II I I I I	I I I	I I	I I I	I I	I	*•

Ages of the Younger Lives.

frf

s i

»*o

3 ?

• r

> tH

p

a

r

53

U|

O

o

M

/

1

					4s
	** ** M M M H 1* M M *4 •*i'ii'£*£-£‘-*N>4*4k4*4*-4k4h“*f‘,'£‘’£ *“' *" M ^ ^ ”* ~ ** ~ ~ *• M			Ages of the Elder Lives.	*4  Os  P  'O  ft*  •  H  >  w  » *. r O  1 P  O s_.  a a  5- P  C  (V  S  >  d  ►4  00  £
-O 00 NO O	= S£.?S ^ a5 8 2 siJJvK &-S ° “ — ■►S'SsSS'aS			Ages of the Younger Lives.	
CO oo oo oo  4k u Ui OON^ N  a> ~ •*  INI	“ S'S^'2'8SSSS^SS'8'8*>««>£>s> «»oc®«°ggg8^?~f i£.*»  °* '*» oo 00 IM 00•• O* OO M -J U» SO vj; w 5 <2 so 'osiS 'S OO'"'1 M ** ^ O Os I- 'J N OS - •  OOos^os-OsO'fl 1 "N-Sv-sSs^rsoos^sO-P | s« 0« 3>OW »- OsHm I «iu ^  1 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I I I I I | I I I I I I I | 1 1 M 1 1 1 1 | | | 1 1 5k.			Values of the Annuities.	
OlMUUUlUUt  VO VO VO NO vo VO NO				Ages of the Elder Lives.	
U» ^ Vo OnsJ 00VO		„ „ M M M M w 14 MUU(mO)MO)U) - «o» + s« cw oose 5 = SsS-fsS Ss-3 ®so 8 2 S<2££ os^ »«o O - »<-•►*. OS		Ages of the Younger Lives.	
00 00 00 00 00 oo qq •j ^ ONV^V ^ k, O VO ^ ® 5  V W OOV^i h gp fr,  1111111		S4ra?«??81S?S8WlSlSJ?««8Sf»M«i‘  m So 5s+. oo os Os oo oo-£ m m so oo osi» 1 Osw |+.ooSSs|£oom3sOoos«o» I a=?  1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I A		Values of the Annuities.	
WWWUUUUU  oooo oo oo 00 oo CO 0		1 Vwu W 0 00 00 00	Liitisr^LijWVrtUWUWWOJWUCMaitMUUUUlWWWWUU/lWWUJUJU  VOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVONOVOVOOVOVOVONONOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVO	Ages of the  Elder Lives.	
00NO O ** ON<J 00  ^N			N On^4 OCNO O *- w^ + vn On^4 oovo o ~ On^J 00nO O « w	Ages of the Younger Lives.	
U '  \& oooooooooooooeoooooo 0 VO VO 00 00 00^4 -J °V OsN^l O CANO 00+> oS ovn 5^  m *4 ’*• •»« M tm, n ^ l-l IM  0	M N -f* Va* 0\0v0V^V0S0N  1	lAfcldd. I'll			sj cc rn\n NOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVPVPVPVOVOVONONONONOVOVOVO ooooooOooooooo.  W if CO - W-f 4! OsON Onv^n v^, -£ 4* K> N H M M o 0 o VO NO VO NO 00 00-^J bb  vJi 5 NO £ 4* •- O ONOi VO ON *4 On ~ On - ocn^ ^ \5 Ono> vo On<» O On k> oo •  ^ ^ |p^ H N ^  ON On Os-£ N 00+. 0-^v^ CA ON^4 oo oovo vo 0 0 vo oo 00-1 CA N <■*> oc-^4>*c*u>  | | | | 1 1 II 1 1 1 III 1 1 1 1 1 | | | 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 N	Values of the Annuities.	

g

eg

o

o

o

00



	u, r^. , . , , til W CO 		 .„ (,) m Irt U) U> U» U) U) U Ui U1 Sw u>  1 «>*>'&'£'£,'£>'£>% O0OO TOTO^^TOTO TOOOCCOOTOOOOOTOOOOOOO			f Ages of the j Elder Lives.
} S<££ “ ^ ^	" oovo o - N +.« Ck-1 *vo o - »W + Vn Ov-l			Aft-e of the Younger Lives.
VCVOVCvC)VC'CvOnO OpOCOOOcCOOOOOon  ^ N N H - - H r ( 0\0\0 OC OC*?'? S  -, Ov fc> VC OS's* 0 CNW'O^x >-> 0n«0\*-.«J  1 oe c\-k « ow Cl 1 U1 Ovvo ii^ |  1111111111111111	^ 00 oovo sososososovcsosososososososcsososcvosososososo  ^ 4- so 'g S X CsS Os Os Os OssS s£ ££ g« ~ Sv£ n ow2 *> N *"4 hi Os» *^4 hi Ck> O Sn Ci *“| C3C Os) OOCO CCCki NO OsS>i SO ONO0 O CTvCkJ v  004* Cl I ^ o u N'J » Ov> Ov-k n O CO Ov CO o w-k 1 Ovc» •*  11 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 11 1 11 *			Values of the Annuities.
Oi^U>WlWUWWUJUJU>UUWUJUJUiU4(  OnOvCsOnCvOvOvOvOvOvOvOvOvOnCv On		WWWWCJCiUlUWWWWWWOJWUUWOiCl		Ages of the Elder Lives
v^l ON^4 OOVO O m Os-O cevo 0 ^ ^ £ 4^ ^ |		M N w 4* Sn On^j oovo O *“• O'"* °°vo O **		Ages of the Younger Lives.
JVO'O'O'PVOVOVCVOVOVOVONOVOVOVOVOVO oeoo^^^  Os^i + f UWW M K> hi N) - *, ooo \cvn S^°?  oc-^vo V, WVO On^ O On m OOCn i; o\^ ^  -f* 00 00 00 00 00 oo'-i Ov4» t>a w -^s w ocuo oc-JT so ^ o On  1 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1 I I |		00 OOVO vosovovovovovovo so VO so f. NNO-kOONO'J-k IvJ + WNO'OeOOlw'nCC"  I I I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 *		Values of the Annuities.
WWWU3UO4UWWOJWWWUWUU»UWO4C«OJO0WWWUWOJ			U) W ww WCJCiOJ w WO w WUJ OsOnOnOnOsOnOsOsOsOsOnOnOnOn	Ages of the Elder Lives.
-J OCVO O ►* NU>4*^ ON^J 0CVO O ►* NUo4kU| ON^I 00SO o ~ MU -f sn			„ NW-^Vfl OS--I 00VO O H NW+- |	Ages of the Younger Lives
vnsOsOsO'OvnsovOsOsONOVO'|Ovpspvosososososo\oscvovo'0 ooosoo  O0SO S0 VO OOOO^l^J^J Os OsS^» Vfl to OJ 10 M Ni H« ^ o o 'O SO OO  vyn •-. Co K> OCCO so -P" O s/i O'-'i O'-a *o OOS^i »o so to CC-|k h c\n vj w cc Os-F* 4* O •■« £ v£ Os^n 4^ co to |sis^NO'*!^0'0-fswH\oa^  I II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I I M I I 1 I II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1			oo\0 VOSO'OSOSOVO'OVO'OVO'O 1  U So % ^ CN^J Cj -j 00-j -J OS ^ I :£ STov-j w ooh4 onvo ki.tor3 i  ^ 00O4S 1-^^ 1 4 ^ H •  | 1 | 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 *	Values of the Annuities.

$

w

t*

w

I



5

*1

2.

o

o

P

>o

to

o

o

eg

11

	UUUtMUU)  V^UiN^V^s^Va	Ages of the Elder Lives.
1* MU4V^ On'vJ OOVO o M MW4VI Ov'-J OOVO O •"■ J}n<} go no O^H^N w -►	H HU) 4Nft Ov	Ages of the Younger Lives.
44  ~J cove vo VC vo vo VO 0 vo VO VO vo vO vq vO VO NO NO S'OVOvpvovovovOvOvONONONOVO 00 sjy -J -* Vn on oovo vo 0 VQ vO OO 00 GO~-J '-I CS OvVav ^ Cm t» ^ ^ ^ p. H js O vo -4 vaj vo m Ov ~ oo h vj M vO Ov M on -» OsOVn w oon* m gov* ~ <i £ o Ov«-S m 00  w ON OO <04 00-4 00 5 Ov I -4 '*■* O w Van »«4 OWO m | ^ Ov-4 v-n Ov Ov-3 00  1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I 1 M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 | | | | | | | | i | |	^ OOVO VO NO NO h.  Wwt S'vS  MM *•  M -4 oo M 4 Ov •  11 111 11 *	Values of the Annuities.



CoWWWWWWWWWtJ4UuUJC»»WU»U)WO)t>J(>JWW(>JUOJC>JUUUJ

0»WWWWWO»V»U»UU»UJUUUWWWU)WO»UWU»UUU»(i»WWu)

Ages of the Elder Lives.

■►Vo 0\"J 00 vo O *•* WW^ V| Ov^J QOVO O •*

ll	N	H N

_ Vi	Vrt	ov**J	00 VO O *- »

IH MM-^Vi OV'-J QOVO O ■* 14 11	^	____________________

"""	1	yovOVOVO	O OVO VO vo NO vo vo vo NO VO NO

^ VO vo VO vo vo vo VO NO VO vo NO	OOVO	O O O VO NO vq QO 0p~^-* Rm	O	Ono*	vo	v*»	~	Ov	•

Ow**	M K> M	8,3 ii	OQVO OvO»	** QOVn O* ^4 N OV - ON ** &>•** « ^ w

O Ov w vo Vt W 00-4 vo a\M^	^ VO CN-J *»	^

Ages of the Younger Lives.

°^NU> Ov^j 00-4 >o Vi |

00 On-*- -4 00 K> M m I 0 VO 00 OOVO NO O I OVM**> w 00 00 00 00 00 00^-4“ oo '

1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I *•

fcf

I!

?&

	t»u>u»t»o»u»uavao»ua<»u»u»u»uau»UAU>u»v>	Ages of the Elder Lives.
? ° - 3*3 SS£ 8 2 S<2££ 8,*3 Soso'S'Q	h MO»4Vn 0\vj OOVO O m M U 4 No Ov-^a OOVO O	Ages of the Younger Lives.
^JII^'IH1H'ISS1SS§§S5  - ^ f 00V'' ** «>''» S'S »»•-, CO ~ SoM^tl I  Hi i m i ii 11111111111 n	m of 00-4 OvvX £ -4 -4 -4 ooua -a ** -a * 0°-4 • w o-4 ** 00 oo |o» on oo *-> -4 On"J vo O m 00-4 O  1 1 It 1 II 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 *•	Values of the Annuities.

>

tv

r

w

p

VO

I

Ot

*.

o

o

a

►

p

*4

GO

Aq pezjiiBia

o

o



*4 M *4 \£> N© NO V©	J^^^ooooo^^oooooooooooo'Sooo		|u40»04V>4(»040404	A gcs of the  Elder Lives.
&vg	M MM-^Vn Ov^ 00VO O •* NU>^\ CT\-4 00VO O •" NW^VI, ON'*! 00VO O		M NW4V^ Os-4 00	Ages of the Younger Lives.
ssss  Ox w oo4*  HH H N  0	w4> 0\  1	1 1 1	-o oo so 'O'sbbbbobbbc  Nj ^ VO OmNNNhhQl U)Vn ** OV^4 W Vri U» VO vfi-f  Ov 0C-? 00 Ov 00 Ov-S 00 OOW 00 SC  111 111111111111	bvOVOVOVOvOVOVCNOVOVOVOVOVOvov©  0	Vp 00 00-4 ^4 pv Os QsV/i Wr, Oi -* -fe 04 O-fVOW 0004 VO Ov ft VO Ov *4 *>4» O Ov  M MM M N H I I  M 4k. -4 vo m4 Ov-a vo O ft ft 1 |  1	1 11 II11 111 11 111	M M N  oo vo vo vp b b b h,  £"83^2 J 1*  ft a 4k. o ft o i4 04 I*  11111111 *•	r r  I*. * & •
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo		vovovovovovovovovovovovo'ovovovovovovovovovo'ovo'o		Ages of the Elder Lives.
H Ov-4 00 VO O •"• V! Os^t 00		M M 04 4k. Om QV-4 oo VO O •* 14 o> 4k. Wn Ov-4 00VO o *-• M 04 4k.		Ages of the Younger Lives.
M m Vo V£ -1* 00 k4 00O OV M 00-f* OMW  _ M M M M M  4* OvO+>^4 *■* «► 00 00 00 00 00 00 W^VO M ON  | 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1		-jvovpvovobbbbbbbbbpvovovovovovovovovovo  M O-f OCVO hnnwnNhnw O'O'O 00 00-4 -4 -4 OV OV OV >)0 00H 0\M MVO HSlUVOVaMVlVOUOOMOCV^ ms)4 O >  00	00-^ Ov 00 Ov 00 O O 00 Ov4^ ft t O\o> VO Ov S VO Ov w VO Ov oo ^  1	1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 s		Values of the Annuities.

►» W M M W  Ov Ov Ov Ov Ov	—4 —4 —4 "*4 ■—J —4 ■—4 —4 —4 —4 —4 —4 —4 —4 —3 —4 —4 1 —4 —4 —4 —4 —4 —4	ftftftftftftftftftft  ooccoooooooooooooooo	Ages of the Elder Lives.
to ft ft M ft  u»4v» ov	N NU^V) Ov^l 00 VO b w N u> 4 vn Qs-4 00VO o *“• N W4VO Ov—4	- ]  M M w ^ vn Ot^j oo no O |	Ages of the [ Younger Lives.
vO vO vp vo vo 00 00-4 -4 Ov I ^ O -J ^ VO  M | M  v^ t> I <J4  Mill	-avo^ovQbpbbbbbbbbbbbvovovovovovovovovovo  QDmV^C Q ft 04 Ui 04 04 04 04 N I- ~ O 0 VO VO 0000 00-4 -1 C\ 0\ C\ V) 0 QCh $\04 -(k. 04 04 (4 M h Ui VO ^ 0014 0CO4 VO 4* 0 OV t4 VO 0» _■  N L 1 H M 1 N M MM M H H M N M  wool 1 -f* ft ft m 1 O VO 0004 CO-* V044 VnUi OvOv« Q\ ft -4 14  11111111111111111111II1II11	-4vpvovcbbbbbb fc  00 0 4» 00 O M K) 04 04 ft V3  hVjW Ov m -4 00o* to VO  M 1-4 M M M M M -  o 00t4K»-fk.O00t4^4* 1111111111.^	Values of the  Annuities.

9+

CO

*

p

10

*

A '

m*

>©

TABLE II—-continued.



VsilsiV/iV/iVsiCnViVsiVsiVsiVsiVsiOtVsiVsiOlV/iVstVsi^itstVsi

nnhhhhmmmmMHMMMM

4* ^	00so	O m NU)-fV Cv^ 00VO O m w 04 4 \*\

VO VO VO VO 00 00 00^4

004 •* -*«*

§ 0 0 0 0^ 000000000 Qvovo

M M m «-> O O VO VO o *-> VO 4^ VO 4* VO 0004 <1 m 0\ k»

j! I I	**	I	«	N	m	m	►<	M	Mi	MM	M

°v I I	O	I	M	ovo	004“	I	qvOo VO	Ovn

I M	I	I	I	I	I	I	I |	I I	l|	I |	| | |	| |

OvOvOvCnOvOvOvOvOvOnOvOvOvOnOnOnOvOvOnOvOv	Ages of the Elder Lives,
m 14 04 4 o* OvO OOVO O M K) 04 4 Wn Ov*-l 00vo O m	Ages of the Younger Lives
^jvovovooooobbobbooooQvovovojk  00 M OV'O M 14 04 OO 04 04 »4 04 04 N) m m O O vO vo 00 “ 1^4 t4 Va m 00 m 04 CVOOhVa O 4 VO 04 0004 0004 vj  14 O os oo oo 0 1 O VO 0 1 O 1 O i O 0001 w I coil  11 111 111 1 11 111 II1 1 1111 *•	Values of the Annuities.

uu>o»uuu»uwu»ut«uwuw

444444444*4444*4444444-*4*-*-f“

K> K> N VA VA Vo

Elder Lives.

a

o

o§

ft

VO O m K4 o» 4 v!n ov^J 00vo O 2 t* 04		m *4 04 4 va Ov^a 00 vo O •"* uu 4 va Ov"J oovO O n no4^		m Is) 04	Ages of the Younger Lives.
2 ^oob^bbohovovo  V^Vr* Oj 4 4 04 04 K4 *4 m O O O'OVO OV04 0^4 oo m Ov O 4 vo v-n m t*  + WOJ M M OnIV« N Iv^OOVMQV  ! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1		^svovoooooobooooooooooo VO w ^4 o N044oio,0i440s>04 M *» *? o O Ov w M On m ^4 004 Ov M 04 VO 4 00 N Ov O 4 0  mmmmmm MM MM MMMMMMM  *> oo 004 O 04 Ov *> o, oo o 04 ov Cv Ov On On On ® 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1	vo vo VO VO  VO VO oo OO vj U VO Va  > 1 »•. ft  Mil	^jvovo |l vo - ON ^ 04 oo-^a  M .  4 4 On •  1 1 1 *•	Values of the Annuities.
^unmmmmumnwnm^  ****mmmmmmmmmmmJ	22  22	22  22  22  22  22  22  22  22  22  22  22  22  22  22  22  22  22  22  22  22	Ul U U4 04 U4 U) U) U4		Ages of the Elder Lives.
VC O M N 04 4 0-1 Os--J 00 vo o M	M 14 04 4 O) Cv^J 00 vo o M |4 04 4 V^t Ov^s 00 VO O M K)		M to 04 4 On Ov'-j 00		Ages of the Younger Lives.
Wn w Os " 1 +.<! O »vi oo  1111II 1 1 1 1 II 1	®««b5broiiboiobhbooot)  004 00M044CaoiOiOnotOi4404 to *4 m m q O 0  04 M M 4 o Cv-j Ov 0\»a 4 4 00 N 0\V0 o» vo 4 VO va O  M |M M M M MM 1 I H M MM  0	ON 1 Ov Ov O w 004 O Ov K4 M I I NO 0004 004 vo 4  1	II 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1		oovo vo b o p b b 8b  O N'-J m k) 4 vo vn •  0 ^4 Ov O Vo (4 wvo  M 1 M M V,  *4 V4 004 00 | 004 *  II 1 II 1 1 1 *		Values of the Annuities.

K>

O

O

vo

K)

s

M

TABLE II.—continued•

^^NONO'ONOVONO'OVOVO'OVOVO

.	00^	0	M	ww	ON "4	OONO

oooooooooooooooooSSS

ON-'J 00SO O « W w Sr» OS'J COSO O

o o o o o o

■ - K W UJ M QC -• v-a

14 I 4? 00 0\0» •- 00 O - O' I ^ o

I I I I I I It I I I I I I

QDSO vooOOOOOOOQOOOOOboO

2?i2 VO	S «2 vX	OS-J	vjvl	5y 0\^rx	to	W	~

h m	0{>»'ON)	004	►*	Os'-,'"r»	OWVOW^	«sn

4^ I	00	00 to |	O-?^	OON^VO	W	OV""*	OOO	w	M

| I	|	I I I	I I	I	I	I I I	I	I I	I I	I	I

Age* of the Elder Lives.

M NU»4^I ON^ 00

Ages of the Younger Lives.

00	so no O O O O O ft.

OtM »HU»S^O|Oi 'vi o\Vn vo+> MUS^

1	10 £ On4 1 OoC* ^

I I I I I III?-

0\

W

« ; *» ?

o

o

c§

rT



H UW^Nn QS«-4 0CSO O NU)4^ CTS^J

00 VO OOOOOOOQOOOO OO o *Y sil o 4 Sn ^ oo 00 OC 00 OC 00 ON Os^ 4

sS s£ OS - oov-n ^^UNNO + 'JNVflCO

«-* H*	M I	•“<	►*	*■*

o O 00 4* I* 4 GO I oj Sn OOO^'J *-• 4 00

11

I I

I I

oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

N	Ov^»	OOSO	O	•-	NUJ	+	VO	ON^4 00

00 so SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

f7vA so	N#1 Ov^ 00 OO-J --1^0 OSSo 4 4 Crt

o O S v-n to so vO 4 - oovi « oonv^vo to Os

004- On I

10 to 004 VO 4 I ^ o to 4 Os oo O

I 11111111II1111111

444444444444

vri Vi Os vn s^ v^i v^ vn s/i s*i s^» Vn V/t

4Vn ON-J oevo O h to t>j 4	!	-	»W4^0\VJ	00	VO	O	~	to	uo	4	Nn

8 - - 5HIS»

£ +-vii n+.>c+-'0-^'o

S>-£ 00» 0 + 000 »+ Oi«

I I II I M I ! I I I

00SO OOOOO^hOQ t? Os ^ Nn <J COSO O O O VO SO V>, Cj SO N^t "4 OCV^I sj 4 SO VW

000

00 00"4

^4 to Os

toioool to to to 4 O 5s4 ~ VO Ov4

11111111111II11

SO NO VO NO VO

m to 00 4 v/i

OOSO VO O P Jk *- 4 so to 4 r>

OsV/i Sr\ OOV-a

On Os m 00 to ?

I I I I I ^

OvOsOvOsOvOvOvOnOvOsOvOvOvOvOn

h to 00 4 v*n ov'J ooso O *-> to oo 4 v-a

>*

= s>

*■ 3*

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

5 S

c <*

51 0

ro ->

VI ..

Aees of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Youneer Lives,

ooso OOOOOOOOOOOOOit uo	os	•-*	4	Os	00	OC	00	ooso so	00	00-4	Os	5®

0	>_	to	ocs-a	w u>	v^	00	O	to	0n04	00

to	O	00	00	to	4	+*	004	oo'-a	Os4	•

1	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I I	I	*

2 c

H

>

W

t-

W

s

■>*

b

4

o

Q

o

to

4

N>

&

cr

o

o

eg.

rT

>

W

W

		1		Ages of the
	2  2  2  2  2  2  2  2  2  2  2  1	CMCMCMCMCmCMCmCmCMCMCMCMCM	4 4	Elder Lives
H N	M M M	M M M		Ages of the
00 vo O ►*	m »4 cm 4 Ca Ov^-J 00vo 0 •*	M K> CM 4 Cn CvO 00 VO O H MW	M K>	Younger Lives.
M M M M M	00 VO "boONNNHHHM	00 VO O O O N N H N N N H H	OOVO k.	^<
to M CM N 14		4v|U OOOO N H H H O O O	4 -j r5	> C-
4 vo m vo 4	O Cn vj cm vo ^ vo 00 "4 Ov4 cm	4 VO 14 CM 0 M VO OVNVOVrj (4	O CM	3 s
MM M	MM 1 M —	MM M M M M M	1 M .	£. *
4 00 00 00 00	O 4 4 4 -f kj4Cm Ki | vo 00	oo4 00 n Ov w Ov4 4 v^» v^i ov Ov	1 M *	n‘
1 1 I 1 1	1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1	11 1 1 111 11 11 11	1 1 ^	>" 5*  9

OOOOOOOOOOOOOO VO VO VO VO NO VO VO VO VO

Ov^l 00

voVoh S, - ^ vO 4 00 o fc> cm cm vn vo oov/i cm cm oo

I Ov4 Ov | 4 4

1111111

M	Ov*'!	00vo

OOOOOOOOOO

00 VO O O M »« M M M

OvVO 4** 00 o M CM CM 4k

0	4 vo OvCa m W O

Mm	Ml	MM

MOWOOUONOO

1	I I I I I I I I

m	OV'"*	00VO O

00 VO

cn vo 4* 00 O m w cm cm cm

00 (4 ON<-M m 00 004 Ov4

M Ov I Ov I m 00 00 Ov O

I I I I I I I I I I

M »4 CM 4 Cn Ov

00 vo O O 0 H Ik v-n 004. ^ vo -4C « QQVrf"i <44

4 4 Ov O n •

Millie

Ages of the Elder Lives.

Ages of the Younger Lives.

<

> £-a 5

§ 2

s*.

? S-

M	‘ 14 (4	CM CM CM	j 4 4 4 4	I v* Cn Cr, Vo j	Ov Ov Ov Ov O' Ov	Nj vj v| vj v| n| *4	00	Ages of the Elder Lives.
M	M (4	M *4 CM	M 14 CM 4	| m (4 cm 4 Cn	M to CM 4 Cn Ov	m i4 cm 4 cn ov^a	M	Ages of the Younger Lives.
Ov	v| 00	^4 VO vo	M M I  00VO o o	I M M M  ! oovo boo  . Im Ov M cn Ov	M M M M  oovo o o o w	M M M M M  oovo o o o m n Cn vo 4 oovo « M	oo hs ov i?	
Cn	Vn ^4	VO 14 Ov	14 cn o cm		4 00CM S| 00O			
M	^ 4	SO N 00	•4 4 4 Ov	4 00 O 4 vo	Ov *» Ov *4 CM	Ov M V! CM VO Ca Cn	M	9 C  g 2
M  o	4 >4	00 1 00	4 14 00 O	MM M  4 O 00 14 (4	4 S\4 14 ON M	M 14 00 14 I 00 M	+ *	C "  s; o  75*
I	1 1	1 1 1	Mil!	| 1 1 1 I 1	1 1 1 M 1	1 1 M 1 1 1	1 *	p§-

H

5>

w

f

w

tv

o

5.

M

M

0

VO

2

§

►

b

A.D.i8r4'

54°GEO. IIL

C$2.

4*3

TABLE III.

THE Valim of an Annuity of «f ioo.Annum, payable Yearly for any Number of Yean not exceeding Ninety.

Years.			Values.
—•			- - -
			£• I. dm
1			94 6 —
2			183 6 —
3			267 6 —
4			346 10 —
5			4*> 4 —
6			49* >4 —
7			55« 4 —
8			620 18 —
9			682	
10			736	
11			788 12 —
12			838 6 —
*3			885 4 —
*4			9*9 8 —
n			97i 4 —
16			1,010 10 —
>7			1,047 14 —
18			1,082 14 —
*9			1,115 16 —
20			1,146 18 —
21			1,176 8 —
22			1,204 * —
*3			1,230 6 —
24			i,25S — —
*5			1,278 6 —
26			1,300 6 —
*7			1,321	
28			1,340 12 —
*9			1.359 — —
3°			1,376 8 —
3*			>.39* >8 —
3*			1,408 8 —
33			1,423	
34			1,436 16 —
35			1,449 i<5 —
36			1,462	
37			>>473 >* ~
38			1,484 12 —
39			*•494 >8 —
4®			1,504 12 —
41			1,513 16 —
4*			1,522 8 —.
43			>»53o 12 —
44			1,538 6 —
45			*>545 *0 —

Ee 4

Yean.

4«

47

+8

49 5° 5» 5*

53

54

U

57

58

e

61

62

6J

«5

66

67

68

69

70

71

7*

73

74

75

76

77

78

79

50

81

82

*3

84

85

86

87

88

89

90

Values.

2 — 2 —

,619-------

>621 14 — ►624 4 — ,626 12 — ,628 l8 —

,631-------

,633-------

,634 18 — ,636 14 — ,638 8 —

,640-------

,641 10 — >642 18 — ,644 6 — ,645 10 — >646 14 — .647 18 — ,648 18 — ,649 18 — ,650 18 — ,651 16 — ,652 12 — .653 8 — ,654 2 — ,654 16 —

fiSS 10 —

,656 2 — ,656 14 — ,657	6	—

,657 16 —

t^ooQie

4*4

C. 9*,93-

54® GEO.IIL

A.D. 1814-

RULES for inferring

The Value of an Annuity of jCioo. per Annumy held on the longest of Two Lives :

Alfoy The Value of an Annuity of ^ico. per Annum, held on \ the joint Continuance of Three Lives :

Alfo, The Value of an Annuity of £\oo. per Annum, held on the longest of Three Lives.

RULE for determining the Value of an Annuity of jCioo * per Annumy payable Yearly, and held on the longest of Two Lives. THE Values of an Annuity of j£ioo. per Annum, held oa each of the single Lives, to be added together (from Table I.,) and from this Sum the Value of an Annuity, held on the joint Continuance of the Two Lives (from Table II.,) to be fubtradled ; the Refult is the Value of an Annuity of £ioo. per Annumy held on the longest of the Two Lives.	'

RULE for determining the Value of an Annuity of £\oo* per Annum, payable Yearly, and held on the joint Continuance of Three Lives.

THE Value of an Annuity* of j£ioo. per Annumy on the joint Continuance of Two elder Lives, is to be found (from Table II.)

The Age of a single Life of the fame (or neareft) Value with the Annuity on the said joint Lives, to be found from Table I. The Value of an Annuity of £\oo. per Annum, on the joint Continuance of this Life and the younger Life, from Table 11. Five Pounds being deduced from the said Sum, is the Value of an Annuity of £iqq. per Annum held on the joint Continuance of the Three Lives.

RULE for determining the Value of an Annuity of £\oo. per Annum payable Yearly, and held on the longest of Three Lives. THE Values of an Annuity of £\oo. per Annum for each of the Three single Lives to be extracted from Table I. and to be added together. The Value of an Annuity of £\oo, per Annumy on the joint Continuance of the Two youngest Lives, also the Value of an Anuuity of ^ioo. per Annum on the joint Continuance of the Two eldest Lives, also the Value of an Annuity of £\oo* per Annum on the joint Continuance of the oldest Life and the youngest Life (all found by Table II.) ; to be fubtradted from the Sum or Addition of the Annuities on the Three single Lives : To the Refult is to be added the Value of an Annuity of £ioo. per Annumy held on the joint Continuance of the Three Lives ; the Amount is the Value of an Annuity of £ioo. per Annum on the longest of the Three Lives.

cap. xcm.

An A€t for regulating the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and the Tranfmiflion of Accounts and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hofpital.	[i8th	July 1814.]

45C.3. c7*.	4 TT7HEREAS an A ft passed in the Forty fifth Year of the

in part,	* VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for the £*•

4 couragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effcBuauy Manning

* Au

AD.1814.	54°	GEO.	III.

C. 93.	4*5

4 His Majefly's Navy during the present War : And Whereas another

*	Aft patted in the Forty eightn Year of His Majefty’s Reign, in- 48 G.3.C. 13a.

1 tituled An AS to extend the Provifions of an AS passed in the Forty

1 fifth Tear of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen ‘ and better Manning His Majefly's Navy, in casts arising in confe-‘ queues of Hojlilities commencedfinee the pafflng of the said AS : And

•	Whereas another Aft passed in the Forty ninth Year of Hi9 49G.3.C. n3»

4 M*j fty’s Reign, intituled An AS to explain and amend an AS made in P811'

4 in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for Encouragement of 4 Seamen, and for the better and more ejfeSually Manning His Majefiy's 4 Navy during the present War ; and for the further Encouragement of 4 Seamen, andfor the better and more ejfeSually providing for the Interefl 4 of the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich, and the Roycd 4 Hofpital for Soldiers at Chelsea ; and to extend the Provifions of the 4 said AS to cases arising in consequence of Hojlilities commenced since 4 the fajflng of the fatd AS : And Whereas another Aft patted in the 4 Fifty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to extend 53 G. 3. c.

‘ Two ASs of the Forty fifth and Forty ninth Tears of His present >n Part»

4 Majesty to American Prizes : And Whereas it is expedient that 4 sundry of the Claufes and Provifions in the said Afts contained 4 relating to Prize Agents and to the Royal Hofpital for Seamen 4 at Greenwich in the County of Kent, should be altered and amended,

4 and that further Provifions should be made respecting the fame ;*

Be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majeity, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That such and so many of the Claufes and Provifions in the said Afts contained as relate to Prize Agents and to the said Royal Hofpital, and are by this Aft alteredy shall be and the fame are hereby repealed.	repealed

II. And be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons belonging persons running to any of His Majefty’s Ships or Veffels of War, or to any Merchant away not en-Ship employed in His Majefty’s Service, who shall run away, or with- titled to Prize; draw himself or themselves from the Ship or Veffel by which any ^'^l^es»and Prize or Prizes shall be taken from any of His Majefty’s Enemies, ^ai^eed in ^ or shall otherwise desert or withdraw himself or themselves from His Years, to go to Majefty’s Service, before or after Notification shall be given by the Greenwich Perfons or Agents appointed as hereinafter dirested, of the Day Hofpital. appointed for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors of the (aid Prize or Prizes, or who shall be marked on the Books of any Ship or Vettel in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, as having run therefrom, shall have, or be entitled to have or claim, any Intereft in or Benefit from the said Share or Shares of the said Prize or Prizes, or the Bounty Money hereinafter mentioned, or any Part thereof that shall then remain unpaid ; but such Shares, and also the Shares of all Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers and others, as well on board hired armed Ships as on board His Majefty’s Ships of War, which shall not be legally demanded within Six Years after the lame have been paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital by virtue of any Law then in Force, shall be forfeited to and to the Ufe of the said Royal Hofpital, unless with respect to such Officers and Seamen as shall be marked 44 Run,” such Mark shall be taken off by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by Order of the Commissioners of His

Majefty’s





426

C.93*

S4» GEO. ni.

A«D*i8i^*

Agents secured against Claims of Run Men, fcc.

t Sit.

Provifo.

On reasonable Maiefty’s Navy s Provided nevertheless, with respect to the Shares of Caufe (hewn, such Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soidlers, hereinbefore mentioned, unclaimed Shares which shall not be claimed within the time above limited in that behalf, not forfeited. that if reasonable Caufe shall be (hewn and allowed by the Dhreftors of Greenwich Hofpital for the time being, or Five or more of than, or by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, why such lad mentioned Shares were not claimed in due time the said Shares shall not be forfeited.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Agent or Agents for Prizes or Bounty Money shall be liable to be sued, impleaded or arrested by any Perfon or Perfons who shall be marked “ Rus,” from His Majefty’s Service in the Lift to be duly certified of the Names of the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers or others who shall be actually on board any of His Majefty’s Ships of War at the taking of any Pnze or Prizes, or who shall have subsequently deserted from His Majefty’s Service, unless the Perfon so marked Run,” or who shall have subsequently deserted, shall before any Aftion brought obtain a Certificate of his R. being taken off, and the Forfeiture of his Share of such Prizes and Bounty Monies being discharged by the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Navy, or any other f or more of them, and shall produce such Certificate to the laid Agent or Agents respectively, and unless the (aid Agent or Agents, on the produdig of such Certificate, shall refuse to pay the said Prize or Bounty Money in case the fame shall be due and payable according to the Dire&ons in His Majefty’s Proclamation, within Three Months after any such Demand made and such Certificate produced: Provided always, that if the Share of any Prize or Bounty Money of any Perfon who shall have been marked “ Run,” upon the Books of, or shall have deserted from any Ship or Ships in His Majefty’s Service, and who shall afterwards obtain a Certificate of the R. being taken off, and the Forfeiture of his or their Share or Shares being discharged as aforesaid, shall at the time when such Certificate (haU be produced to the Agent or Agents as aforesaid, have been paid to tne Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital, such Payment shall be a good and sufficient Difcharge to the Agent paying the fame.

IV.	And he it further enacted, That no Agent shall be com-Distribution not pellable to distribute any Proceeds of any Prize, except in the compellable. m this Aft dirested, until after the time of Appeal has elapsed.

V.	And be it further enacted, That if the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or of the Vice Admiralty Court, in which any Prize shall have been condemned, shall certify that the Ship or Veffel so condemned failed under the Flag and Pafs of the Enemy, or under any Commiffion of War granted by the Enemy, then ssd in such case, on the Application or by the Direftion of the Captain or other Commander of the Ship or Veffel making such Capture, the Proceeds shall be distributed and an Order of the Court may be obtained, at his Prayer, on the Agent or Agents, to diftribtite die Proceeds of such Prize before the time of Appeal is elapsed, subject nevertheless to the Liability of the Captor to answer any Appeal that may be instituted thereafter during the time limited by Law for Appeals.

Vi. And be it further enacted, That it (haU be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in all cases, either in the present War or in any former War, in which the regular tine of

Appeal

In what cafe

In what case Diftribution before time of Appeal is elapsed.

High Court of Admiralty may order Production



4*7

A.D. i8i4*

54° GEO. III.

C93.

Appeal hat elapsed, or in which the Appeal hath been determined, of Account* and or for any Judge of any Court of Vice Admiralty abroad, in any Diftribution such case as aforesaid, to which any Certificate from the Judere of the "hen V™ of High Court of Admiralty shall be transmitted at the time

being elapsed, without further Profecution, together with	r..........j.

of Diftribution thereon, to make an Order for Production and r Verification of Accounts, and for the Diftribution of the Proceeds, and to enforce the fame by the Procefs of the said Court, by Monition and Attachment upon the Agent or Agents in whose Hands the Proceeds may be lodged, or any other Perfon whorafoever to whom such Proceeds may have been committed, and likewise by further Procefs against tne Sureties of the said Agent or Agents 5 and all Courts of Vice Admiralty are hereby empowered, directed Order enforced and required, to enforce upon all Perfons within their Jurifdidtion all v£® Admu such Orders, and all other Orders of the High Court of Admiralty, r ** ^ourts* whether relating to Prizes, or to any Matter or Thing relating thereto, within their respective Jurifdidtion s.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations as Regulations, Forfeitures and Penalties, respecting the Diftribution of to Diftribution Prize Money, and the accounting for and paying over the Proceeds Accounts of of Prize in this Adi contained, (hallbe extended to all Seizures under ^ RevVnuo^ the Revenue Laws, all Grants of His Majesty, all Bounties granted Seizures, &c. by Adi of Parliament, and all other Monies whatever, coming to

and being in the Hands of the Prize Agents of the Officers and Crews of any of His Majesty,s Ships of War, for their Ufc and Benefit, by reason of any Capture, Recapture or Seizure made by the said Ships.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That m all cases of Condem- High Court of nation in the High Court of Admiralty, where there is no Claimant Admiralty may or Appellant before the Court, it shall be lawful for the said Court, Proceeds at the Prayer of the Captors, to compel the Agents by Procefs of Monition and Attachment, to vefl the Proceeds of the Property i„vCfted. condemned in such Public Securities as the Captors shall elect, there

to remain and accumulate, for the Benefit of the Parties entitled, till the time of Appeal shall be lapsed, subject nevertheless to the further Dire&ions of the Court, upon the Application of the Captors; and Court* of Vice in all cases of Condemnation in any Court of Vice Admiralty, where AdiMnjItv u"y there is no Claimant or Appellant before the Court, it shall be ciedswbeunlawful for the said Court, at tne Prayer of the Captors, to direct the fmitted,&c Property captured, or the Proceeds thereof to be forthwith tranf-mitted to Great Britain, there to be veiled in such Public Securities, after being fold (if not already converted by Sale), as the Captors shall elect, until the regular time of Appeal shall have lapsed, subject nevertheless to the Diredlions of the High Court of Admiralty, upon the Application of the Captors.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the On Appeal, Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in all cases wherein any

HiSh Court oT

Sentence of Condemnation pronounced in the said Court is appealed ^^PrLTedt from at the time of serving the Inhibition thereon, or at any time t0 t>e brought in, thereafter during the Pendancy of the said Appeal, and without &c.

Prejudice to such Appeal, to assign the Agent or Agents, or other Perfons in whose Hands the Proceeds of the Prize may be, at the Prayer of either Party, or of the Treasurer of the Navy, or of the Trafinrerof Grttmvich Hofpital, er his Deputy or Deputies for



fuch



Proceeds in-vtsted,5cc.

Lords of Appeal may order Proceeds to he brought in, &c.

High Court of Admiralty may compel Production ot Account , and bringing in of Proceeds.

Retaining Proceeds conn ary to Adt

Penalty.

DireAions as to appointing Prize Agents.

C- 93.	54’	GEO.	III.	A.D.1814-

such Purpofc, to bring into and leave in the Regiftrythe Nett Proceeds of the Sales of such Prize, deducing therefrom so much as in the Difcretion of the Judge shall be requisite to be left in the Hands of the Agent or Agents, for the Expences of defending the said Appeal; and the Proceeds so brought in shall be deposited, in case the Parties shall agree thereto, in some Public Securities at lntereft in the Names of the Regiflrar or Deputy Regiftrars, and of such Trustees as the Parties shall appoint, and the Court shall approve; and in case either Party shall refuse his Confent thereto, the Party praying the fame shall have such Proceeds laid out and invested in Public Securities in manner aforesaid, he giving good and sufficient Security to the Court to answer to the other Party for any Lofs or Deficiency that may be occasioned thereby, in case such other Party shall be ultimately pronounced to be entitled to the Property.

X.	And be it further enabled and declared, That the Lords Com-miflioners of Appeals are authorized and empowered in any case of Appeal before them, to order at their Difcretion the Proceeds of any Prize, the Subjeft of such Appeal, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be paid by the Agent or Agents for such Prize, at the Re-quifition of the Captors or Claimants, into the Court, to be laid out or disposed of at the Difcretion of the Court on any Application made for that Purpofc, either by the Captors or Claimants.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That on the Application of any Party interested in the Proceeds of any Prize, or of any Perfon on behalf of the Treasurer of the Navy or Greenwich Hofpital, and an Affidavit of any such Party, or any other Perfon, of his or her Belief that there are Proceeds of any Prize, or Papers, or Books relating thereto, in the Pofleffion of any Agent or Perfon or Perfons, whether the said Prize or Prizes shall have been taken in the present or in any preceding War, it shall be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty to compel the Produdtion of the fame, and the bringing in of such Proceeds, and the answering to such Interrogatories touching the fame, as the Court shall approve; and if it shall appear that the Party hath been cited without sufficient Cause, he shall be allowed his Colls against the Party making such Affidavit, or at whose Inftance he hath been unduly summoned.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That any Captor, Agent or other Perfon, who shall acquire or retain the Proceeds of any Prize contrary to the Provifions of this A6t, except for reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Court in which such Prize shall be adjudged, or by the High Court of Admiralty, shall pay lntereft thereon at the Rate of One Pound per Centum per Month for such time as the fame shall so be in their Cuftody or Pofleffion, besides all other Penalties imposed by this A61.

XIII.	And be it further enabled. That all Appraisements and Sales of any Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which shall be taken by any Ship or Ships of War, shall be made by Agents appointed by the Flag Officers or Flag Officer, Captains or Captain, Officers or Officer, Ships* Companies or Company, and others entitled thereto; that is to fay, that if the Flag Officers or Flag Officer of any Fleet or Squadron of Ships which shall take any such Prize or Prizes, or the Majority, if more than One, shall appoint One or more Perfon or Perfons, Agent or Agents as aforesaid, then the Captains and Commanders, or Captain and Commander

entitled

LiOOQle

A.D.i8i4*

540 GEO. III.

C.93.

429

entitled thereto, or the Majority of them, if more than One, may appoint the like Number to a& for them; and all the Officers and others described in His Majefty’s said Proclamations, and usually designated the Commiffioned and Warrant Officers, may appoint a like Number to a& for them 5 and all the Remainder of the Crew, usually designated the Petty Officers, and the Seamen or Marines, may appoint a like Number.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon or Agents to re-Perfons who shall be so nominated and appointed Agent or Agents g*lter lowers of as aforesaid, for any Prize or Prizes taken by any Ship or Snips, ltorney'

Veffel or Veflels of War, or for receiving the Bounty granted by

this Adi, shall exhibit and cause to be regiilered in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in the respective Courts of Vice Admiralty in any of His Majefty’s Dominions where the laid Prize and Prizes, and every of them, shall be proceeded against, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents for the Purpofes aforesaid; and if any Perfon or Perfons so appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid shall, without sufficient Caufe to be approved by the Court, omit or delay so to do for the Space of Twenty Days after the Monition has been taken out in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in any Court of Vice Admiralty in His Majefty’s Dominions, every Perfon so omitting or delaying ffiall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and be disqualified Penalty, for acting as Agent for any such Prize or Prizes.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Agent or Agents Agents appoint-

ffiall be appointed after the time when any Sentence of Condemnation ed after Con-in any of the said Courts of Admiralty ffiall be given, such Agent	re"

or Agents ffiall, under the Penalties aforesaid, register or cause to be 8 80118 ower£* registered in manner aforesaid, his or their respective Letter or

Letters of Attorney appointing him or them Agent or Agents as aforesaid within the Space of Twenty Days after the Date of the said Letter or Letters of Attorney.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons, Perfons not except the Perfon or Perfons so to be nominated and appointed Agents who Agent or Agents, and who ffiall actually discharge the Duties of 5J*11 ftiare “* Agent, ffiall, under any Colour or Pretence, receive any Part, Share

or Proportion, of any Commiffion in respect of such Agency Bufinefs, an(j Agents per-or any Emolument, Advantage or Benefit, out of any such Com- mitting lame, mission ; and all and every Perfon or Perfons so nominated and appointed Agents or Agent, who ffiall give to, or allow to be taken by any other Perfon or Perfons; and every Perfon who ffiall take, accept or receive, either himself, or by any other Perfon on his behalf, or for his Ufe, Benefit or Advantage, or the Ufe, Benefit or Advantage, of any Part of his Family, any Part, Share or Proportion of any such Commission, or any Emolument, Advantage or Benefit thereout,

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Penalty. Pounds, and also double the Amount or Value of what ffiall have been so given, or allowed to be taken, or ffiall have been so taken and received as aforesaid.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That the Regiftrar or Re- Regiftrars of giilrars of His Majefty’s High Court of Admiralty, and of all Courts of Ad-other Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty in His Majefty’s ”Ja,t]llore* Dominions, shall from time to time duly enter or register, of cause fittersotAt-



to torney,



■and trinfmit Copies of Entries to Greenwich HoTpitaL

Penalty. Agents to give Security.

Penalty.

Regiftrars of Courts of Vice Admiralty to transmit Copies of Letters of Attorney and Bonds to Greenwich HofptuL

C. 93.	54° GEO. IIL A.D.	1814.

to be entered or registered, in One or more Book or Books to be by him or them kept for that Purpofe only, all Letters of Attorney that shall be exhibited or delivered to them after the palling of this AA, by any Agent or Agents for any Prize or Prizes taken or to be taken by any of His Majefty’s Ships or Veffels of War, or hired armed Ships, or by any Agent or Agents for the Receipt and Diftnbution of any Bounty Bill or Bills, within Fourteen Days after the fame shall be so exhibited or delivered to such Regiftrar or Regiftrars, at his or their refpeAive Offices, which Reoiftij shall contain the Davs of Delivery and Entij, the Dates of die Letters of Attorney, the Names and Places ot Abode of the Agents, the Names of the Prizes taken, or of the Ship of War or Privateers of the Enemy taken, burnt, funk or otherwise destroyed, together with the Names of the Ships or Veffels by which such Prizes shall haTe been taken, or by which such Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy shall have been taken, burnt, funk or otherwise destroyed, together with the Date of the Condemnation (if any Condemnation shall have passed thereon), and of the Appeal (if any, interpofed), and the Regiftrar or Regiftrars shall, on the Twenty sixth Day ef March, the Twenty fifth Day of June, the Thirtieth Dav of September and the Twenty sixth Day of December, in every Year, or within Fourteen Days after each of such Quarter Days refpec-tively, so fur as relates to the High Court of Admiralty, and with refpeA to Courts of Vice Admiralty, as soon after each such Quarter Days as any Ship shall fail for Great Britain* deliver or transmit unto the Treasurer of the (aid Hofpital, or to the lawful Deputy of such Treasurer for the time being, a true Copy or Transcript, under his or their Hand or Hands, of all such Entries as aforesaid within the preceding Quarter of a Year; and if such Regiftrar or Regiftrars shall negleA or refuse to make or keep such Entries, or to tranfinit or deliver such Copies thereof as aforesaid, within the refpeAive times hereinbefore limited for that Purpose, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XVIII.	And be it farther enacted, That every Agent, when he shall register the first Letter or Letters of Attorney, which, in pursuance of this AA, he shall register after the palling thereof, shall at the fame time give Security with Two Sureties, by a joint and several Bond, in the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to the Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty in which such Letter or Letters shall be registered, for the due Execution of his Truft in all Matters of Prize Agency that shall be committed to his Care during the prefert War; and if he shall negleA or refuse so to do, such Letter or Letters of Attorney shall be null and void, and he shall be for ever disabled from aAing as an Agent in Matters of Prize.

XIX.	And be it further enaAed, That the Regiftrar or Regiftrars of all and every the Court and Courts of Vice Admiralty in any of His Majefty*9 Dominions shall, on the Twenty sixth Day of Marth, the Twenty fifth Day of Jnne* the Thirtieth Day of September sad the Twenty sixth Day of December, in every Year, make out and tranferibe, and as soon after each of such Quarter Days refoeftively as any Ship shall fail for Great Britain, transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital at Greenwich true Copies of all and every such Letter and Letters of Attorney as shall have been so registered in the said Court or Courts in the Three preceding Months*

13	and





A.D.1814.

54* GEO.III.

C.93.



and of all and every Bonds or Bond given to such Court on re* giftering any such Letters of Attorney pursuant to the next preceding Claule of this A6t, Copies of which shall not already have been transmitted, to which Copies the Judge and Judges of the said Court and Courts shall previously affix his and their Seal of Office; and the laid Copies when received by the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital at Greenwich, shall be there registered and open to Infpe&ion, by any Perfon, gratis, the Charges of which Copies, and affixing the Seal or Seals thereto, and transmitting the fame to the Tieafurer of the laid Hofpital, shall be paid by the said Agent or Agents at the time of making such Regiftry as aforesaid ; and in case such Regiftrar or Regiftrars shall neglect or refuse to transcribe and tranhnit such Copy and Copies of the said Letter and Letters of Attorney in manner aforesaid, such Regiitrar and Regiftrars so ■egle&ng or refuting shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XX.	And, for the better and more effectual making such Letters of Attorney Evidence of the Agency of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame shall be made, be it further enacted, That true Copies of such Letter or Letters of Attorney, and of Tranfcripts under Seal, transmitted by the said Regiftrar or Regiftrars of the Court and Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty in His Maiefty’s Do-unaions, and registered by the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital, shall from time to time, and at all times hereafter, be good and faffibent Evidence of the Agency of the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Letter of Attorney is or shall be made, and from time to time, sad at all times hereafter, shall be admitted, without further or other Proof thereof, to be legal Evidence in all His Majefty's Courts of Record of Law or Equity ; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That upon every Capture there shall be Cent by the Captain or Commander of the capturing Ship, or Cone Perfon under his Authority, to the Agent or Agents for such Capture, a Lift of the Perfons entitled to share therein, which Prize Lat shall be fubferibed by the Captain or Commander, Lieutenants, and all the fignmg Officers on board the Ship at the time of the Capture, and at the time when the said Lift shall be made out and transmitted, and shall contain the Names, Ages and Defcriptions of the Perfons entitled to share therein, the Names being arranged in the feme Order in which they ft and in the Mufter Books, which said Names and Defcriptions mall be taken from the Defcription Book belonging to the said Ship, and an Alphabetical Lift or Index of the Names of all such Perfons shall be prefixed to such Prize Lift, and the feme shall be examined with and corrected by the Mufter Books of such Ships by which such Captures shall be made, deposited in the Navy Office, and shall be certified by Two of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Navy; and in case no such Prize Lift as aforesaid shall be sent to loch Agent or Agents, he or they shall apply to the Com-miffioners of the Navy for a Lift of the Perfons entitled to share in Inch Capture, and such last mentioned Lift shall thereupon be made oat from the Returns in the Office of the said Commissioners of the Navy, who shall cause the fame to be made ont, and certify the Truth thereof under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Two or more of them; and any Perfon or Perfons who shall alter the Name or rating of any Perlon or Perfons in any Lift which shall have been fo

certified

Regiftrars refuting.

Penalty.

Copies of Letters of Attorney so transmitted and registered, Evidence of Agency.

Dire&ioas as to Prize Lifts to be sent to Agents.

Altering Lift*.





4*

Penalty.

Errors in Prize Lifts corrected.

OmilTions on

Diftribution

Lift.

Yrovifo for Agreements made with Perfons not entitled.

Provifofor Officers, &c. omitted in Dif-tribution Lift.

C. 93.	54°	GEO.	HI.	A.D. 1814.

certified 'as aforesaid, or erase or take away any Name therefrom, or add any Name thereto, after the fame shall have been so certified as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud any Perfon or Perfons, or any Corporation whatsoever, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: Provided always, that in case it shall appear at or before Diftribution, that any Error has been committed in the Prize Lift, or in the Mufter Books transmitted to the Navy Office, nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the Correction of such Error 5 nor in case of the Omiffion of any Name on the Diftribution Lift, such Omiflion having been made through Error, to charge the Agent further than with the Payment of the Sum due, together with all Ex* pences of the Party in recovering the fame: Provided also, that if any Agreement shall have been made with any Perfon or Perfons not entitled under His Majefty’s Proclamation, or the Prize Ad, to share in any Capture, the Agent, or Hofpital, making Diftribution according to such Agreement, admitted and acknowledged by the Perfons entitled under the said Proclamation or Ad of Parliament, shall not be liable to any Penalty on that account: Provided also, that in all cases wherein any Officer, Petty Officer, Seamen, Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or other Perfon or Perfons actually entitled to share in any Capture, shall, after Diftribution has been made, be proved, by a Comparison with the Mufter Books, or Returns in the Navy Office, or other wife to the Satisfadion of the Commissioners of the Navy, or any Three of them, to have been actually so entitled, but omitted in the Diftribution Lift, or included in a Clafs inferior in Rank to that in which he hjid really Served by Accident or Default, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to certify such Omiffion or Error to the Board of Diredors of the said Royal Hofpital at Greenwich, who shall thereupon cause the Amount of the Share to which such Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or other Perfon or Perfons, if inserted in the Diftribution Lift in his proper Class, would have been entitled, to be paid out of the nonclaimed or Run Men’s Shares of the fame Prize, or out of the general Fund of unclaimed and forfeited Shares of Prize Money in the Hands of the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital; and the said Treasurer or his Deputy, shall thereupon be entitled to maintain and prosecute in the Name of such Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or other Perfon or Perfons, at the Charge and to the Ufe of the said Hofpital, any Adion or Suit agaiuft the Agent or Agents for the Recovery of the Amount of the Money so paid, that the said Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine or other Perfon, might himself have maintained if he had not received a Satisfadion for the fame from the said Hofpital; but if such Agent or Agents shall be made liable to any such Demands in consequence of an Omiffion or Miftake in any Prize Lift certified to him or them as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for him or them to stop and retain the Amount of the Share for which he shall be so liable, out of any Prize or Bounty Money in his or their Hands, payable to the Captain or Commander by whom such Prize Lift was signed and certified as aforesaid, or his Executors or Adminiftrators, or to have a remedy over by Adion agaiaft him

or





433

A.D. 1814.	540	GEO.	III.	C. 93.

or them, or any of them, for any Charge or Damage thereby sustained.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where Clerks of Navy such O millions, Mifratings, improper Defcriptions or Errors, shall olfice refponii-happen in Lifts which shall have been made out or certified at the for Error,» Navy Office, the Clerk who shall have made out the said Prize Lifts,

or compared the fame with the Mufter Books of the capturing Ship, ftiall be liable to make good to the Party injured by such Omission,

Mifrating, improper Defcription or Error, the Lofs he ftiall have sustained thereby, in like manner as the Captain or Commander of any of His Majefty's Ships is liable in cases which may happen when Prize Lifts are made out by him, or any Perfon or Perfons under his Authority, unless the Commiflioners of the Navy ftiall be satisfied that the Party is entitled to Relief, and ftiall certify the fame to the Dire&ors of Greenwich Hofpital: in which case the Treasurer of the said Hofpital shall pay or cause to be paid to the Perfon or Perfons omitted, mifrated or improperly deferibed, or to his or their Repre-fentatives, the Sum which, after due Inveftigation, he or they ftiall appear to be entitled to, which Payment ftiall be made out of the unclaimed or Run Men's Shares of the fame Prizes, or out of the general Fund of unclaimed and forfeited Shares of Prize Money in the Hands of the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Condem- On Condemna-nation in any Vice Admiralty Court, where there is no Claimant or ^n.s w£hout Appellant before the Court, it ftiall be lawful for the Judge to 'comef1 compel the Agent, at the Requifition of the Captor, to give Security Agenis'to'giva at the time of Condemnation for the faithful Diftribution of the Security. Proceeds, or for the remitting thereof to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital, or to such Perfons in England as the Captors ftiall appoint,

under the Dire&ions of the Court, for the Purpofe of being dif-tributed in England.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That every Agent resident Agents to tranf-in the United Kingdom ftiall, within Six Weeks after any Condem- Notice of nation in the High Court of Admiralty, transmit a Notice of such Condemnation to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital, or his Deputy, &c. to Green * and to the Treasurer or Paymafter of His Majeity's Navy, together wich Hofpital, with an Account of the State of the Property condemned at the time &c<

of such Tranfmission, according to the Schedule marked (A.) in the Appendix to this A&, on Pain of forfeiting for every Negleft the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, unless a reasonable Caufe be ftiewn Penalty, to and approved by the Court of Admiralty.

XXV.	And be it further enacted. That every Prize Agent ftiall, Agents to ex-after the Sale of any Prize is completed, and before the time of the Cop,e* °f First Payment of the Prize Money to be distributed (or at anytime thereafter, at the Direction of the Court), exhibit in the respective *

Court of Vice Admiralty iu which the Prize shall have been condemned, or in the High Court of Admiralty; and if such Prize

shall have been condemned in any Court of Vice Admiralty abroad, shall, as soon as the fame can be done, transmit to the High Court of Admiralty in England an Attefted Copy of the detailed Accounts of the Sales of such Prize, duly verified upon Oath, together with Attefted Copies of all Vouchers required by the Court, which Copies, so transmitted to the said High Court of Admiralty, shall be deposited in the Public Regiftry thereof 5 and all Parties interested therein ftiall Objeaions 54 Gxo« HI*	F f	have	thereto heard,

fcc.



434

Oath.

Tensity.

Bond forfeited, &c.

Agents to tranf-mit Copies of Accounts of Sales, be. to Greenwich Hofpital.

Penalty.

Agents to advertize when Accounts of Sales brought iu.

Per Ccntnee for Agency on Nett Proceeds.

Notification made by Agents of Payment of Prize Money, See.

C* 93*	54°	GEO. III.	A.D.	iti4<

have Liberty to object to the Charges and Articles therein contained, and the said Court shall confirm or disallow the Accounts, upon hearing the Objections, and shall make such further Order touching the said Accounts, and the Diitribution of the Proceeds, a3 the case may require; and any Agent who shall neglect or refuse to bring in a Copy of his Accounts at the time hereby directed, or who shall proceed to distribute without having exhibited and transmitted a Copy of the said Accounts, duly verified on Oath in manner aforesaid, or who shall refuse or neglect to obey any Order of any Court of Admiralty, for the Diflnbution of the Proceeds of any such Prize or Prizes, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and shall moreover be subject to the Procefs of the Court of Admiralty, by Monition and Attachment, until he shall have obeyed the Order of the said Court: and it shall be lawful for the said Court to pronounce the Bond given with the Letter or Letters of Agency to be forfeited, and to levy the Penalties secured thereby from the Sureties in the said Bond.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That every Prize Agent, at the fame time that lie shall exhibit or transmit an Attefted Copy of the detailed Accounts of the Sale of any Prize or Prizes, together with Attefted Copies of all Vouchers, to the Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty respectively, as directed by this Ad, shall and he is hereby directed and required to transmit another Attefted Copy of the laid detailed Accounts and Vouchers to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital at Greenwich ; and every such Agent who shall neglect or refuse to transmit such last mentioned Attefted Copies of Accounts and Vouchers, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hun« dred Pounds.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That every Agent shall, Ten Days before he exhibits his Account of Sales in the Regiftry of the High Court of Admiralty, cause Advertifements to be Twice inserted in the London Gazette, notifying to all Perfons concerned the Day on which the Account of Sales of such Prize or Prizes will be brought into the Regiftry of the said Court.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Adi, the Per Centage for Agency, which in no case shall exceed Five Pounds per Centum, shall be charged upon the Nett Proceeds of any Prize or Prizes, Bounty Bills or Salvage ; such Nett Proceeds to be estimated previous to any Dedudlion for or in respect of Law Charges.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded* That after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes which have been or shall be taken from the Enemy by any of His Majefty's Skips of War or hired armed Ships, in this or any former War, or after the Receipt of any Bounty, or other Monies in the Nature thereof, payable to His Majefty's Navy, by the Agent or Perfon authorized to receive the lame, public Notification, in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be given by the Per-fbns or Agents appointed as aforesaid, for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors; that is to fay, if the Prize or Prises shall have been or shall be condemned in His Majefty’s High Court of Admiralty of Great Britain, then the Perfon or Perfons, Agent or Agents, appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this Ad for the Ap» praifement and Sale of such Prize or Prizes, shall insert and publilh, «r cause Co be inserted and publiihed such Notification uader has

io	or

C^ooQle

435

A.D. i8i4*	540 GEO. III.	C.93.

or their Hand or Hands respectively, together with a Notification of the Amount of an Individual's Share m each Class, in the London Gazette; and if in any Court of Vice Admiralty, then in some Gazette or Newfpaper of Public Authority, of the Iflaud or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, and if there shall be no Gazette, or such other Newfpaper published there, then in some one of the molt Public Newfpapers of such Iiland or Place ; and if no Newfpapers are there published, then by affixing Notice to the Church, or some other Public Building, directed by the Governor of such Iiland or Place ; and all Per suns or Agents publilhing, or causing to be published every such Notification respectively, shall deliver to the Colledtor, Comptroller or Searcher for the time being of His Majefty's Cuftom9, residing at or belonging to the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, or the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Comptroller or Searcher, Six of those Gazettes or other Newfpapers in which such Notification shall be so inserted arid published, together with Six Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share in each Clafs 5 and if there should not be any Public Newfpapers in any such Ifland or Place, then such Perfon or Perfons, Agent or Agents, shall give Six such Notifications in Writing, under his or their re-fpe&ive Hand or Hands, together with Six such Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share, to the said Collector, Comptroller or Searcher, or the Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Comptroller or Searcher aforesaid; and every such Collector, Comptroller or Searcher, or such Deputy or Deputies, shall fub-feribe his or their Name or Names on some conspicuous Part of each of the said Gazettes, Newfpapers or written Notifications refpettively, and shall forthwith deliver One of the said Gazettes, Newfpapers or written Notifications of Diftributions, together with One of the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share, to the Deputy to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital, resident at the Place where such Court of Vice Admiralty is or shall be established, or to which its Jurifdi&ion shall extend, and by the firlt Ship which shall fail (after his or their Receipt of such Gazettes, Newfpapers or written Notifications refpedtively) from such Port or Place to any Port in Great Britain, shall transmit or fend to the Treasurer of the Royal Hofpital at Greenwich, or the Deputy of such Treasurer for the tune being. One of the said Gazettes, Newfpapers or written Notifications, together with One of the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual's Share, with his or their Name or Names so fub-feribed to and upon the fame respectively, to be there registered, and another to the Treasurer of the Navy, or His Majefty's Pay-mafter of the Navy in London; and shall, by the Second Ship or Vefiel which shall fail from the said Port or Place to any Port or Place in Great Britain, transmit in like manner to each of the before mentioned Officers one other of the said Gazettes, Newfpapers or other Notifications, together with one other Notification of th$ Amount of an Individual's Share, marked by him, a Duplicate of the former, and shall faithfully preserve and keep the other of th$ laid Six Gazettes, Newfpapers or written Notifications, and the other Notification of the Amount of an Individual's Share, with his or their Name or Names thereon fubferibed as aforesaid, in his or tbflir Cuftody; and at all Ports or Places where Vice Admi-

F f a	ralty



43<5

C.93.

5 4" GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

ralty Courts with Jurifdidion in Prize Caufes are or shall be con-(lituted, at which there shall be no Coile&or, Comptroller or Searcher, or other Officer of the Cuftoms, the said Gazettes, Newfpapers, or other Notifications of Diftribution, together with the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual’s Share, shall be delivered to and transmitted, and kept respectively in like manner by the Regiftrar or Deputy Regillrar of such Vice Admiralty Court, and at all other Places where Prize or Bounty Money shall be distributed or payable ; where there shall be no Court of Vice Admiralty, the said Gazettes, Newfpapers or written Notifications of Diftribution, together with the said Notifications of the Amount of an Individual’s Share, shall be delivered to the principal Civil Officer of the said Place or his Deputy, for the Purpofe of being transmitted and kept as aforesaid; and that in every such printed or written Notification as aforesaid, the said Perfon or Perfons, Agent or Agents, shall insert or specify the Name or Names of the Prize or Prizes about to be distributed, and of the Ship or Ships by which the fame shall have been captured, and also the precise Day of the Month and Year on which such Capture or Captures shall have been made, and also his or their Place or Places of Abode, Christian and Surname or Christian and Surnames at full Length, and the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of the several and respective Shares of the Prize or Prizes to the Captors; and all such Notifications with respect to Prizes condemned or to be condemned in Great Britain, or of which being condemned abroad the Diftribution shall be made in Great Bri» tain, shall be published in the London Gazette Three Days at lead before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion of any such Prize or Prizes shall be paid to any such Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto; and all such Notifications with respect to Prizes condemned, or to be condemned, in any other Part of .His Majefty’s Dominions, where the Diftribution shall also be made in such other Part of His Majefty’s Dominions, shall be delivered to the said Collcdor, Comptroller or Searcher, Regiftrar or Deputy Regiftrar, or principal Civil Officer or Officers as aforesaid respectively, or such respective Deputy or Deputies, One Day at lead before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion of any such Prize or Prizes shall be paid to any Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, after which several and respective Notifications, if any Man’s Share shall remain in the Hands of the Perfons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, either belonging to such Men as shall be run from His Majefty’s Service, or which shall not be legally demanded and paid within Three Months next after such Notification, then such Share or Shares so remaining in such Perfon’s or Agent’s Hands, or belonging to such Men as shall run from His Majefty’s Service, shall go and be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital. Agents to keep XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Prize Agent shall, Office open Two for Three Months after the Diftribution has commenced of the Pro-Days m a Week cee(j8 Qf aily prize condemned in JEngland, or of which having been con-Shares mCnt ° demncd abroad, the Diftribution shall have commenced in England, or arcs‘	Bounty	hereby	granted,	or	Monev in the Nature of Bounty, keep

an Office open Two Days at lean in every Week, during the ufuad . Hours of Attendance, for the Payment of Shares remaining due, which Days, together with the Place where such Payments are to be made, shall be specified in the Notification of Payments published ia the Gazette, on pain of forfeiting for every Neglea therein Fite hundred

Pounds 5

In what case Shares uf Prize Money to go to Greenwich Hofpital.

Penalty.

L^ooq le

437

A.D. 1814*

54’ GEO. in.

C. 93.

Pounds; and at the Condufion of such Three Months he shall suspend all further Payments to the Captors.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Agent Negleaing appointed or to be appointed for Appraifement or Sale of any Prize Notificarion and or Prizes taken or to be taken from the Enemy by any of His trani'mitting Majefty’s Ships or Veflels of War, or hired armed Vefleis, or for the ame, Diltribution of any Bounty Money, shall neglcd or refuse to publilh,

give or deliver any Notification herein directed or required to be pub-Eihed, given or delivered, or shall not give, publilh or deliver, any such Notification before the Payment of any Part of such Prize or Bounty Money, or other Money in the nature of Bounty Money, and within the times herein limited, or in the manner herein appointed, or shall not specify or fet forth in such Notification the Matters and Things herein diredfed to be specified and fet forth, every such Perfon or Agent shall for such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Court in which the Penalty.

(ame shall be sued for; and if any Colle&or, Comptroller or Searcher of His Majefty’s Cufloms, Regiftrar of any Vice Admiralty Court, or principal Civil Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to receive or to attell, or (hail not transmit or fend any such Gazette, Newfpaper or written Notification or Notifications of the Amount of an Individual’s Share as aforesaid, in such manner as is by this A& directed, every such Colle&or,

Comptroller or Searcher, Regiftrar of any Court of Vice Admiralty, principal Civil Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Penalty.

Five hundred Pounds.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted. That the Notifications in all Notifications in such Gazettes, Newfpapers, and in Writing respectively as aforesaid, ^anrmitted and which shall be so transmitted and attested by such Collector, Comp- registered, Evi-troller or Searcher, Regiftrar of any Court of Vice Admiralty, or deuce of principal Civil Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as Agency, aforesaid, and reeiftered at the said Royal Hofpital, on Proof of the Hand-writing of such Colledtor, Comptroller, Searcher, Regiftrar,

principal Civil Officer or Officers, or Deputy or Deputies, from time to time, and at all times, shall be good and sufficient Evidence in all His Majefty’s Courts of Law and Equity and Admiralty, that the Perfon or Perfons whose Name or Names is or are therein fet forth and specified as the Agent or Agents of the Prize or Prizes therein respectively mentioned, is or are such Agent or Agents.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That at the End of Four Agents after Months after the Notifications of Diftribution so given as by this A& Four Months to directed*.every Prize Agent and Perfon authorized to receive any Ounces to Bounty Money or other Monies in the nature thereof, to which His Greenwich Majdly’s Navy are or shall be entitled, shall pay over all Shares and Hofpiul with Balances then remaining unpaid, to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hof- Accounts, &c. pital, or such Perfon or Perfons as he shall appoint and depute to receive the fame ; and shall iikewife make out and transmit to the faid

Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, a true Statement and Account in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, of the Produce of all such Prize or Prizes, Bounty, or other Monies, a» aforesaid, together with an Account of the Payments of the several Shares to the Captors, which shall have then been really and truly by him paid, and shall verify such Statement and Account on Oath, which

Ff 3

Oath



438	C.	93.	54°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1814.

Penalty.

Penalty.

Subftituted Agents accountable to Greenwich Hoipital.

Agents to tranf-mit Accounts to Treasurer of Navy.

Oath the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, is and are hereby authorized and required to administer; and such Agent, or other Perfon authorized as aforesaid, shall, at the fame time, deliver to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, an authentic Copy of the Diftribution Lift, on which the Payments have been made, and also the original Prize Lift delivered by the Commander of the capturing Ship, or the Commiflioners of the Navy, as the case may have been, to the Prize Agent, or such other Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid; and every Prize Agent and Perfon authorized to receive Bounty and other Monies, as aforesaid, who shall refuse or negleet, as herein directed, to pay such Shares and Balances within Thirty Days after the Expiration of such Four Months, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds 5 and every Prize Agent or Perfon authorized to receive such Bounty or other Monies as afore-said, who shall have neglected or refused to transmit and verify, within such Four Months, an Account as above directed of the Proceeds of such Prize, Bounty or other Monies, as aforesaid, and of the Dif« fribution thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Agent or Agents appointed by the Captors of any Prize or Prizes for the Sale and Diftribution thereof, shall, after the Proceeds of such Prize or Prizes, or any Part thereof, or any such Bounty Money as aforesaid, shall have been received, appoint or substitute any other Agent or Agents or Perfon or Perfons to distribute and pay over to any of the Captors their Shares for or on account of such Prize or Prizes, and shall remit to such fubilituted Agent or Agents or Perfon or Perfons any Sum or Sums of Money for Diftribution asafore-said, such substituted Agent or Agents, Perfon or Perfons, as also the original Agent or Agents, shall, from the time of such Sum or Sum* of Money being received by them respectively, be and they are hereby declared to be answerable and accountable to the said Royal Hofpital for all and every Part and Parts, Share and Shares of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be unclaimed or forfeited by any of the Captors entitled to the fame, and such substituted Agent or Agents, Perfon or Perfons, shall not repay or refund the unclaimed or forfeited

Shares of such Prize or Bounty Money, or any Part thereof, to the original Agent or Agents, who shall have remitted such Money for Diftribution as aforeiaid, but shall, after the time for Diftribution of such Prize Money shall have ceased, and in the time in which Prize Agents are directed by this A& to pay over Shares or Balances remaining in their Hands, pay or cause to be paid all unclaimed and forfeited Shares of such Prize or Bounty Money unto the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital, or his Deputy, in the fame manner and under the fame Reftri&ions and subject to the fame Penalties for Noncompliance as is directed refpc&ing the original Agents appointed by the Captors of any Prize or Prizes.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&cd, That every Prize Agent, or Perfon authorized and empowered to receive and distribute any Bounty Monies, or other Monies, as aforesaid, shall, within Ten Days after he shall have rendered to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital, or his Deputy, and verified his Statement and Account of the Proceeds and Diftribution of any Prize or Prizes, Bounty or other Monies as aforesaid, deliver or transmit to the Treasurer or Paymafter of His Majefty’e Navy a Copy of such Statement and Account under the

like



439

A.D. it 14-	54’	GEO. III.	C.93.

likf Penalty for Negled as is by this Ad imposed upon him for ne-gle&ing to render such Statement and Account to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That after the Balances shall have been so paid over to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital, or his Deputy, the said Treasurer, or his Deputy or Deputies, and the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hofpital, or his Chief Clerk, shall rcfpedively keep an Office open from Nine of the Clock in the Morning to Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, on every Day in the Week (Sundays excepted) for the Purpofe of receiving Claims for Shares to be refunded according to the Provifions of thi6 Ad 5 and shall jointly pay and refund such Shares, when demanded, according to the Regulations hereinafter contained.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Flag Officer, or Commiffioned or Warrant Officer, shall direct by tny Order in Writing that his distributive Share or Balance shall not be paid over to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital, or his Deputy or Deputies, the fame shall for the Space of Three Years remain in the Hands of the Agent, subject to all such further Orders as such Officer may give respecting the fame : Provided nevertheless, that if at the End of Three Years such Share or Balance shall not have been paid over to the Officer entitled to the fame, the Agent shall pay the Share or Balance remaining in his Hands to the Treasurer of Green-*nch Hofpital, or his Deputy or Deputies.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That no Dedudion shall be allowed on any Account in the Payments of unclaimed or forfeited Shares and Balances paid over to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital, or his Deputy or Deputies, for any Sums not appearing upon the Prize Lift of Diftribution to have been thereon paid and acknowledged, unless satisfactory Vouchers from the Parties entitled thereto, or their lawful Attomies, are produced for the fame.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That every Agent, acting as such for any Prize in any of His Majefty’s Settlements, Colonies or Plantations abroad, or in any Place out of the United Kingdom, shall make up his Accounts, and deliver up and verify the fame in the Vice Admiralty Court in which such Prize shall have been condemned, in such manner as the said Court shall require, within Six Months after the Commencement of the Dillribution of the Proceeds of such Prize, and shall, under the Diredion of the Court, on the Application of the Deputy of the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital there resident, and in such manner as shall be specified in any Order made for that Purpose, remit all unclaimed Balances and Shares, and all Shares of Run Men, to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital in England, or pay the fame over to the Deputy Treasurer for the Pur-pole of being remitted, at the Eledion of the Deputy, so as that the some, as to every Place except the Eafi Indies, may be paid to the (aid Treasurer within Six Months, and as to any Place in the Eaji Indus, within Twelve Months next after exhibiting his Accounts m such Court, in such manner as the said Court shall require, as afore-bid, on Pain of forfeiting his Bond of Five thousand Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That Lifts of all Prizes accounted for to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital, condemned in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any Court of Vice Admiralty, shall be innlmitted Six times in every Year from the Office of the Clerk

Ff *	of



Penalty.

Treasurer, Ac. of Greenwich Hofpital to keep Office open to receive Claims for Shares.

Officers may cliredt Shares to remain with Agents for Three Years.

No DeJu&ion allowed on forfeited Shares without Vouchers.

Periods for remit! ing unclaim ed Shares from Foreign Parts.

Penalty.

LKts of Prises accounted for to Greenwich Hofpital sent to Per* Ions appointed to

44©

receive Claims,

and open to Inflection.

If Capturing

Ship abl'ent, Treasurer of Greenwich Holpital may inveit Money.

Provifo for Per-fons entitled, changing Ship, be.

Notice put on Orders for receiving Piize Money.

Mifderr.eanor.

Altering Orders for receiving Prize Money.

C.93.	540 GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

of the Cheque at Greenwich Hofpital, to the several Perfons appointed by the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, to receive Applications and Claims for Prize and Bounty Monies, which Lifts so transmitted, shall be open to Infpe&ion by any Perfon or Perfons who shall desire to infpe& the fame, on every Day (Sunday excepted), between the hours of Ten and Four, for which Infpe&ion no Fee or Gratuity whatever shall be due or payable.

XL I. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any Ship or Veffel, Ships or Vefl'els, having made any Capture or Captures, shall not be in a Port of this Kingdom, or in the British or Irijh or North Seas at the regular time of Diftribution, so as to enable the Officers and Men thereof to receive the fame, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of the said Hofpital, or his Deputy or Deputies, to cause the Proceeds of such Capture or Captures to be paid to him or them, within One Month after the regular Period of Diftribution, and when so paid to be forthwith lodged in the Bank, or in veiled in Exchequer Bills or other Public Securities, in the Names of the said Treasurer, the Secretary, and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital, till the Return of the Ship or Ships, by which the Capture or Captures shall have been made, for the Benefit of the Cap-tors 5 and on the Return of any such Ship or Ships* to cause such Proceeds, with all Accumulations thereon, under the Authority of the Diredtors of the said Royal Hofpital, to be distributed within Three Months thereafter : Provided always, that if any Perfon or Perfoni entitled to {hare in such Prize and Bounty Monies, or other Money, as aforesaid, by reason of any Change of Ship or other Cause, shall apply for such his or their Share or Shares of any such Prize dr Bounty Money or other Money as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Treasurer, Secretary and Clerk of the Cheque, to fell out a Efficient Part of any such Securities, and pay to such Perfon or Perfons the Monies he or they shall be entitled to as aforesaid, or to pay the fame out of any other Monies in the Hands of the said Treasurer on Account of Prizes or otherwise, and to retain for the Benefit of Greenwich Hofpital such Proportion as shall have been so paid, together with all Intereft thereon, when such Securities shall afterwards be fold for Diftribution.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That upon every Order for receiving the Prize or Bounty Money of a Petty Officer, Seaman, Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, the following Words shall be printed or written, before the fame shall be attested ; videlicet,

*	TAKE Notice, that no Prize or Bounty Money can be received

*	under this Order, except by an Agent duly licensed, in con-

*	formity to the A 61 of Parliament of the Fifty fourth Year of King

*	George the Third, or by the Wife, One of the Parents, Children,

*	Brothers or Sifters of the Grantors, and that every Offence against 4 the said Provifion of the above recited A61, is punishable as a Mif-4 demeanor.9

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon shall insert or cause to be inserted in any Order or Authority for receiving Prize or Bounty Money, after Atteftation thereof as hereinbefore directed, the Name or Defcription of any Prize or Bounty Money, other than what shall have been originally expressed in the laid Order or Authority when the fame ffiallnave been attested, the (aid Perfon Audi, for

every

LaOOQle

A.D. 1814.	540 GEO. III.	C.93.	441

every such Offence, be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and be Mifdemeanor. puniffied accordingly.

XL IV. And be it further enacted, That all Powers and Remedies Remedies and given by this Ad to, or that may by Law be used or enforced, or Actions given to Adions that may be brought by any Captor or Captors to compel Agents to exhibit their Accounts, and verify the fame, and bring in Greenwich Proceeds and enforce Dillribution, or the Performance of any other Hofpital, &c. Duty in his said Character as Agent, or for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties, may and shall be used, exercised, enforced and put in Execution on behalf of the Captors, generally, or on behalf of any individual Captor, by the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital, or by the Treasurer of the Navy, in as full and ample a manner as by the Captors themselves, or any individual Captor himself.

4 XLV. And Whereas Petty Officers, Seamen, Marines and Sol-4 diers, in His Majelly’s Naval Service, have heretofore been, in many 4 Instances, defrauded of their Prize and Bounty Monies, or large 4 Proportions thereof, in consequence of their having improvidently,

4 and without sufficient Confideration for the fame, executed Powers 4 of Attorney, and other Inftruments, by which they have transferred 4 their Intereft not only in all such Prize and Bounty Money, which 4 at the time of executing such Powers of Attorney or Inftruments 4 might have been due to them, but also all Prize and Bounty 4 Money to which they might thereafter become entitled;* For Directions as to Remedy thereof, and for preventing a Continuance of such Frauds Power of Aland Irapositions, be it enacted, That all Share of Prize and Bounty t0,;ney for re-Money due, or which shall become due to any Petty Officer, Seaman, j^on!8’ P&c*e Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines, Marine or Soldier, or any Perfon rated as a Boy, or borne as a Supernumerary in His Majefty’s Naval Service, shall be paid by the Agent or Agents to the Captors (if the Money shall be in his or their Pofleffion), or the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital for the time being, or his Deputy, and the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital for the time being, or liis Chief Clerk (if the fame shall have been paid over to the said Treasurer 1, to the Perfon entitled thereto, or to any other Perfon authorized to receive the fame by any Order in the Form or to the Effed fet forth in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (B.), which Order shall specify the Name of the Prize or Prizes diftri-buted or for Diftribution, or give such Defcription thereof as shall be satisfactory to the Perfon or Perfons in whose Pofleffion the said Prize or Bounty Money may happen to be, and who shall be called upon to pay the fame ; and if the Capture shall have been upon the Land, the Name of the Place captured, together with the Name of His Majefty’s Ship or Veflel of War, on board of which the Perfon making the Order was serving at the time such Prize or Prizes, or Capture or Captures was or were made 5 and the Perfon making such Order shall alio procure a Certificate in the Form or to the Effed fet forth in the said Schedule marked (B.), which Certificate shall contain a full Defcription of the Perfon making such Order, and shall be signed by the Captain or Commanding Officer on board, and One other signing Officer of the Ship or Veflel in which the Perfon making fuca Order shall be then serving, if there shall be more than One such (igning Officer on board or belonging to such Ship or Veflel; and if the Perfon making such Order shall be discharged from the Service, and shall be resident at any Port or Place at which a Deputy

to

C^ooQle

442

A.D. i8i4*

Orders revocable.

No Order valid if Party resident within Five Miles.

Tenal ty.

Stamp Duty on Orders.

Orders in what case void.

C.93.	54-	GEO.	III.

to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital shall be appointed, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before mentioned, shall be signed by such Deputy; and if the Perfon making such Order shall reside within Four Miles of the said Royal Hofpital, then the said Certificate shall be signed by the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Chief Clerk ; and if at any other Place within the Bills of Mortality, then the fame shall be iigned by the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, or his Affiftant 5 and if at any other Place in England, at which no Deputy to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital shall be appointed, and not being within the Bills of Mortality, or within Four Miles of the said Royal Hofpital, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before mentioned, shall be signed by the Mimfter and One of the Churchwardens, and if in Scotland, by the Minifler and One of the Elders of the Parifti or Place in which such Perfon fhali reiide at the time of making such Order; and if the Perfon making such Order shall be a Non Commiflioned Officer of Marines, or a Marine at Head Quarters, then such Certificate specifying the Particulars before mentioned, shall be signed by the Colonel or Commanding Officer for the time being, and the Adjutant of the Divifion of Marines to which such Perfon so making such Order shall at the time belong 5 and if the Perfon making such Order shall be in either of the Royal Naval Hofpitals, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before mentioned, fhali be signed by the Governor and Agent of the said Royal Naval Hofpitals re-fpedfcively; and if the Perfon making such Order shall be on Shore at Sick Quarters, then such Certificate, specifying the Particulars before mentioned, fhali be signed by the Surgeon at such Sick Quarters, and One of his Affiftants, if he fhali have an Affiftant, which Certificate shall be written or printed on the fame Paper on which such Order shall be written or printed, and which Order and Certificate being presented together and the said Order being paid, such Order and Certificate shall remain with the Agent or Agents to the Captors or the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, paying the fame : Provided always, That every such Order as above de-feribed, shall be revocable at Pleafure by the Perfon making the fame: Provided also, That no such Order shall be valid to authorize the Re-ceipt of any Prize Money or Bounty Money, which shall be in Courfe of Payment or Diftribution, if the Party making such Order shall be then residing or dwelling within the Diftance of Five Miles from the Place where such Prize Money or Bounty Money shall be payable ; and if any Agent or Agents for Prizes shall pay or cause to be paid any Share oF Prize Money or Bounty Money, to any Perfon or Perfons upon any Order made within that Diftance of the Place where such Prize Money or Bounty Money shall be payable, such Prize Money or Bounty Money being in Courfe of Diftribution at the time of making such Order, such Payment fhali be void to all Intents and Purpofes ; and the Agent or Agents making the fame, fhali forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Cofts of Suit, and applied in such manner respectively, as is hereinafter mentioned.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That upon every Order made under the Authority of this Adi, directing the Payment of Prize or Bounty Money, a Stamp Duty of One Shilling, and no more, shall be payable to His Majesty, and that no Order purporting to authorize





443

54° GEO. IK.

rize the Receipt of Shares due to more than One Perfon shall be deemed valid, but that the fame shall be void and of no Effeft.

* XLVII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen, whether any Orders 4 or Powers of Attorney heretofore made and executed under the 4 Authority of an Aft passed in the Forty third Year of His present 43 G*3* c-4 Majesty, intituled An Aft for the Encouragement of Seamen, for the 4 better and more ejfeftually Manning His MajeJIy’s Navy ; and for 4 regulating the Payment of Prize Money, and for making Proviftons 4 for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Court in the 4 IJland of Malta, and in the Bermuda and Bahama //lands ; which 4 Aft was by the said hereinbefore recited Aft of the Forty fifth 45G*3*c-7*«

4 Year of His present Majesty, repealed or under the Authority or 5	^ ^ ^

4 in pursuance of other Afts of Parliament now repealed or altered, der former Aft 4 although made and executed while the said Afts respectively re- jn what case 4 mained in Force, are now valid ;* Be it therefore enacted, That void, all such Orders or Powers of Attorney, if made and executed prior to the palling of the said Aft of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty hereinbefore recited, although made and executed pursuant to the Laws in force at the time when the fame were so made and executed, are and shall l>e and are hereby declared to be null and void, and of no Effeft whatever, save and except Orders or Powers of Attorney made and executed pursuant to the Laws in force at the time of their Execution, by Petty Officers and Seamen,

Non Commiffioned Officers and Privates of Marines, to Perfons Handing in the Relationlhip of either a Wife or Child, or Father or Mother, or Grandfather or Grandmother, or Brother or Sifter, or Uncle or Aunt, or Niece or Nephew.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Treasurer of the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital for the time being, to Greenwich HoC-nominate and appoint such Perfon or Perfons, to be his Deputy or apP0,nt,nS Deputies, for receiving Applications and Claims for Prize and Bounty cetve Claim J&c. Monies, and for other the Purpofes of this Aft, at such Port or Places within the United Kingdom, as he shall from time to time think ne-ceffary, whose Duty it shall be to prepare such Petitions and Applications, and transmit the fame, together with the Certificates, to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hofpital, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Directions as to lawful for anv Perfon or Perfons claiming any Share or Shares, or g^‘r™s Balance or Balances, of any Prize or Bounty Monies paid into Green- Greenwich wich Hofpital, to apply to any such Perfon so to be appointed by Hofpital. the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital as aforesaid, and refid-ing in any Part of the United Kingdom, and upon producing to him such Certificates of Service in His Majefty’s Navy as such Claimant or Claimants may have in his, her or their Pofsession, to sign a Petition or Petitions, Application or Applications, to the Direftors of the said Hofpital, to be prepared by such Perfon or Perfons in manner afore-fiud, praying that such Share or Shares, Balance or Balances, may be paid or refunded to such Claimant or Claimants 5 which Petition or Petitions, Application or Applications, together with the said Certificates, shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hofpital, who shall report thereon the Sum or Sums due to the Claimant or Claimants, with the circumstances under which the fame or were paid into the Hofpital j and, if he shall deem it necef-



fary,



A. D.1814.

Remittance Bill.

Directions as to Claims made where there is no Deputy of Trcalurer.

Remittance Bill.

DireCtiens for facilitating Pay-

C.93.	540 GEO. III.

fary, refer the said Petition or Application, Petitions or Applications, to the Navy Office, that the Service of the Claimant or Claimants may be afeertained and returned to the said Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Chief Clerk, who, if such Service shall be found to convfpond with the Certificates produced and trans. mined, or Statement made by the Perfon or Perfons claiming such Prize or Bounty Monies, shall certify the fame to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, who shall thereupon fend a Remittance Bill or Remittance Bills for the Amount, in the Marnier and Form hereinafter mentioned, or shall pay or remit the fame in such other manner as the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, and the Clerk of the Cheque, or his Chief Clerk, shall from time to time judge more expedient.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Perfon claiming any Share or Balance of Prize or Bounty Money paid into Greenwich Hofpital, and residing and being in any Port or Place of the United Kingdom at which there shall be no such Deputy to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital for the Purpofes lall aforesaid, to apply for such Share or Balance by Letter or otherwise, to the Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque at the said Royal Hofpital, and such Claimant or Claimants shall thereupon, if necefiary, be furnished by such Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque with Blank Petitions and Forms, to be filled up and attested by the Minifler, Churchwardens or Elders of the Parifh in which such Claimant or Claimants shall reside 5 which Petitions, when filled up, shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital, together with any Certificate of the Service of such Claim-ant or Claimants in the Navy, which such Claimant or Claimants may have in his or their PofTeffion 5 and when the fame shall have been returned from the Navy Office upon such Atteflation and Certificate (in case the Clerk of the Cheque shall judge it necefiary to refer them to that Office), and a Certificate shall have been obtained from the Navy Office of the Service of such Claimant or Claimants, corresponding with the Certificates which shall have been produced by him or them as aforesaid, such Share or Balance, Shares or Balances, shall be forthwith paid to such Claimant or Claimants, on Application at the proper Office at Greenwich Hofpital 5 or if from Diftance of Refidence, or any other Cause, such Claimant or Claim-ants shall not be able conveniently to attend at the said Royal Hofpital to demand the fame, a Remittance Bill, in the Form or to the Effe6t hereinafter fet forth, and in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be forwarded and sent for the Amount of such Share or Balance, Shares or Balances, or the fame shall be remitted to or for the Ufe of such Claimant, in such other manner as the said Treasurer or his Deputy, and the Clerk of the Cheque, or his Chief Clerk, shall from time to time judge more expedient.

LI. And, in order to facilitate the Payment of Prize and Bounty Monies by the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital to Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers and others entitled thereto, who may be serving in His Majefly’s Navy, or who may be resident in any Part of the United Kingdom diilant from the said Royal Hofpital, and for preventing Frauds and Abufes attending the fame, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, and they are hereby refpe&ively

authorized



AJ).i8i4*	543	GEO.	III.	C. 93.	445

authorized and required, as often as there shall be Occafion, to make ment of Prize out or cause to be made out Two Bills for every Sum of Money Money j>y which they shall have Occafion to pay to any Perfon of the Defcrip- and ° " tion lad hereinbefore mentioned; which Bills shall be Duplicates, venting Frauds, and joined together with Oblique Lines, Flourilhes or Devices, in such manner as the said Treasurer or his Deputy shall think proper, and shall be payable to such Perfon by the Receiver General of the Land Tax for any County, Riding or City, within the United Kingdom, Collector of the Cuftoms for any Port, or Collector of Excife for any Collection in the United Kingdom respectively, near which such Perfon shall happen to reside, according to the Appointment of such Bills; and the laid Bills, being numbered and dated, shall be signed by the said Treasurer or his Deputy, and attested by the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Chief Clerk, and be written or printed according to the following Form, or such other Form as the said Treasurer and Clerli of the Cheque of the said Hofpital shall from time to time deem more convenient and proper.

1 SIR,	*	Royal Hofpital, Greenwich.	Form of Bills

* PAY to	of	in	the County of niade !,V Grecn~

4	upon producing the Duplicate hereof, together

4 with a Certificate under the Hands of the Captain and One other pnz/jVloney.

*	figning Officer of the Ship to which fuch	belongs,

*	(in case he is in His Majefty’s Naval Service,) or of the Minifter

1 and Churchwardens for, in that Part of the United Kingdom of 1 Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, under the Hands of the 4 Minifter and Two Elders] of the Parifh where he resides, (in case 4 he is not in such Naval Service), That to the bed of their Know-1 ledge and Belief he is the Perfon named in such Bill, the Sum of 4	Sterling, being on Account of

4 Monies due to the faid	for	Captures	made	by	His

4 Majefly’s Ship	if	the	fame	(hall be demanded within

4 Six Calendar Months from the Date hereof, otherwise you are to 4 return this Bill to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital.

4	Treasurer, or his Deputy.

4 Attefted	1	Clerk of the Cheque of the faid

4	3	Hofpital or his Chief Clerk.

4 To the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the 4 County of

4 To the Collector of the Cuftoms of the Port of	.

4 To the Collector of Excife at

4 N.B. The personating or falsely assuming the Name and 4 Charadter of any Perfon entitled or supposed to be entitled 4 to Prize Money, for Services performed in His Majefty’s 4 Navy, in order to receive the fame, is Felony without Be-4 nefit of Clergy.*

And as soon as the said Bills shall be so made out and signed, the Regulations a? t* laid Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, shall cause Bills, them to be cut asunder indentwife, through the Oblique Lines,

Flourifhes or Devices aforesaid, and shall cause One of the said Bills to bt transmitted forthwith to the Perfon nominated and appointed as the Payee in such Bills, and the other of the said Bills mail be transmitted forthwith to the said Receiver General of the Land Tax,

Col.



446	C-93* 54* GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

Colle&or of the Cuftoms or Colle&or of the Excife, on whom such Bills shall be so drawn as aforesaid 5 and the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Colle&or of the Cuftoms or Colle&or of Excife, if the said Bills shall be produced and delivered to either of them re-fpe&ively within Six Months, if in Great Britain, and if in Ireland, then within Nine Months from the Date thereof, are hereby required and enjoined to examine such Duplicate, together with the Certificate to be produced as aforesaid, and to enquire into the Truth thereof by the Oath of the Perfon producing the fame, or, such Perfon being a Quaker, by the solemn Affirmation of such Perfon (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby respectively authorized and required to adminifter), and upon being duly satisfied of the Truth of such Certificate, to testify the fame on the Back of such Bill, and immediately to pay to such Perfon without Fee or Reward, on any Pretence whatsoever, the Sum directed to be paid by such Bill, taking his Receipt for the fame on the Back thereof 5 but in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be produced and delivered, and the Payment thereof be demanded within Six or Nine Calendar Months from the Date, as the case may be as aforesaid, or if a proper Certificate of the Perfon claiming such Prize or Bounty Money be not likewise produced, then the said Receiver General, Colle&or of the Cuftoms or Colle&or of the Excife, shall return such Bill to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, who shall cause such Bill to be cancelied, and from and after the cancelling of the fame, such Prize and Bounty Money shall remain payable in Juke manner as if the said Bill had not been made out; all which said Bills and Receipts to be so made and given as aforesaid, and also all other Receipts for Prize and Bounty Money, which shall be at any time paid and refunded by the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, to any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, (haft be free and Stamp Duty. exempt from and not liable to any Duty of Stamps whatsoever ; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Treasurer of LII. And be it further enacted, That all such Remittance Bills ^taTtlTr^a^0^	(hall	he	drawn upon and paid by the Receiver General of the

Remittance3^ Land Tax for any County, Riding or City, Colle&or of the Cuftoms Bills	for	any Port, or Collector of Excife for any CoUe&ion in the United

Kingdom, upon being produced and delivered at the Office of the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, shall be immediately repaid by such Treasurer or his Deputy to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Colle&or of the Cuftoms or Colle&or of Excife, or to their respective Orders.

Direaionsif LIII. Provided always, and be it hereby further enabled, That Receiver Gene- jf such Receiver General, Colle&or of tne Cuftoms or Collet or MoneC to** n0t	to whom the Duplicate of any of the Bills hereinbe-

anfwer Bills. fore directed to be made out shall be tendered for Payment, shall not then have in his Hands Public Money sufficient to answer the fame, and shall therefore refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver General, Colledor of the Cuftoms or Colle&or of the Excife, shall immediately indorse on the Back of the said Duplicate the Day of its being so tendered to him, and the Caufe of his Refufal or Delay to pay the fame; and, in such case the said Receiver General or Colledor shall forthwith transmit the said Duplicate, with hig Certificate of Non payment thereon, to the Clerk of the Cheque of the Royal Hofpital at Greenwich, who shall take such Steps as

may



447

J4° GEO. III.	C.93.

may be necessary for remitting the Amount of the Duplicate to the Perfon entitled to receive the fame; and if, upon Complaint made to the respective Commiflioners appointed by His Majesty, his Heirs Ref^l ®r D«hy or Succeflors, to manage the said several Duties of the Land Tax, Paymeilt* Cuftoms or Excife, it shall appear that such Receiver General, Col-kftor of Cuftoms or Collector of Excife, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the Payment of such Bill, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commiflioners to convict and fine any such Offender, under their respective Di- p . rection, iu any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, according to the e"*

Nature or Degree of the Offence, which Conviction shall be made by the said refpeCtive Commiflioners; and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the fame manner, to all Intents and Pur-poses, as any Conviction may be made, and any Penalty may be levied or recovered tor any Offence against any Law by which any Cuftoms or Excife is irapofed or laid; and the said Fine, when levied,

Hull be paid to the Informer or Informers against such Offender.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Perfon paying any No Fee, &c. Share or Balance of Prize Money refunded by Greenwich Hofpital °“ Refund hy shall receive any Fee, Gratuity or Reward from or on Account of Hofpital ^ any Payment thereof, or of any ACt, Matter or Thing done, relating 0 a • to the procuring or paying the fame to any Claimant, or any Perfon on his Behalf, under any Pretence whatever, on Pain of forfeiting for penalty, every such Offence One hundred Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Agents to Claim of Prize or Bounty Money shall be made upon any Prize Agent	°*

or Prize Agents, accompanied with a Requifition in Writing from h cTrettw the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital, or the Officer w;ch Hoipital for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, in the Form in the Schedule to this or Navy Pay A A annexed, marked (C.), requiring that such Claim maybe either Office, satisfied, or a reason assigned for its Difallowance, such Prize Agent or Prize Agents shall either pay the fame, or state in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands the reason of his or their refusing to do fb, and deliver the fame to the Party claiming the fame, and prefent-ing such Requifition ; and if the reason assigned be, that such Claim has been already satisfied, the said Agent or Agents shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons by whom the Amount thereof was received, and under what Authority, from the Claimant or Claimants, and at what time or times the fame was paid; and if any such Agent or Agents refusing Payment of any such Prize or Bounty Money, shall omit, at the time of such Claim being made, accompanied by such Requifition as aforesaid, or within Two Days afterwards, to give and subscribe such Information as to the Caufe of not satisfying such Claim, he or they shall forfeit and pay to such Claimant or Claimants double the Amount of the Sum ^•na,ty* so claimed* to be recovered by him, her or them, with full Colts of Suit in an AAion of Debt, wherein it shall be fuificient for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to declare again ft the Defendant or Defendants for so much Money had and received by him or them to and for the Ufe of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and that Proof of such Claim, tad of the Service of such Requifition as is hereinbefore mentioned, upoa such Agent or Agents, shall be and be deemed fuificient Evi- Evidence, deuce in Support of any such Adion ; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

« LVI. And

L^ooQle

448

C-93-

540 GEO. III.

A.D.1814,

None hut licensed Perfons to re .eive Wages, Prize Money, & c.

Exceptions.

* LVI. And Whereas it has frequently happened, that Frauds

*	have been practised upon Petty Officers and Seamen in the Navy,

*	and on Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, by ‘ Perfons of bad Charafter, who have been authorized by them to 1 receive Wages, Pay, Prize Money and Bounty Money, or Money

*	in the nature of Bounty Money, to which they were entitled Be it therefore enacted, that it shall not be lawful for any Perfon within the United Kingdom, to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Money in the nature of Bounty Money, due or to become due to any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, for or on account of his Services respectively on board any of His Majefty’s Ships, or in the Capture of any For-trefs upon the Land, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize or Treasure, on any Conjunct Expedition of Sea and Land Foroes, under any such Orders as hereinbefore mentioned, other than Perfons who shall be duly licensed in the manner hereinafter mentioned for that Purpofe : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any such Petty Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen, Soldiers or Marines from giving such Orders to receive their Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money to their Wives, or to the Perfons in the several Degrees of Relationffiip following; that is to fay, Parents, Children, Brothers or Sifters of such Petty Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soidlers; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That any Perfon who shall falsely represent himself or herself to be within any of the Degrees of Relationffiip in Blood as before described, in order to enable himself or herself to receive any Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money due or to grow due for or on account of the Services of any such Petty Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer, Seaman or Marine, under any such Order as aforesaid, or who, not being within any such Degree of Relationffiip, and not being licensed as aforesaid, ffiall receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money for the Ufe of any such Petty Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer, Seaman or Marine; or if any Agent or Perfon whose Licence ffiall have been revoked as hereinafter mentioned, ffiall offer himself to receive, or ffiall receive any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance of Money, not being within any of the Degrees of Relationffiip aforesaid, and be thereof duly convisted, ffiall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Perfon, not being Licences tor re- a Prize Agent, and having given Security as such, according to the ceiving, Wages, pr0vilions of this Aft, before he ffiall aft as an Agent tor receiving Prize Money, ^ Wages, pays prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money of any such Petty Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, ffiall take out a Licence for that Purpofe from the Treasurer of His Majefty’s Navy for the time being, who is hereby authorized and empowered to grant the fame, on good and sufficient Security (to be approved of by the said Treafurei) being given by Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, in the Penalty of Three hundred Pounds, that such Perfon so taking out such Licence ffiall demean himself properly, and duly account to all Perfons for

whom

Fraudulently receiving Prize Money, &c.

Mifdemeanor. Directions as to

&c.





449

54* GEO. III.	C.93.

whom or for whose Ufe any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money, shall have come to his Hands and for which Licence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and no moreover and above any Stamp Duties that may be due and payable thereon, shall be paid by the Per-fon taking out the fame, to the Officer of Prizes in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, who shall pay over the Amount thereof to the Paymafter of Incidents in the said Office, towards the incidental Expences therein incurred ; which Licence shall be in force for the Continuance of Space of Three Years from the Date thereof.	Licence.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if after Licence the taking out of any such Licence, it shall appear to the Treasurer revoked, of His Majefty's Navy for the time being, that any such licensed Agent hath abused the Truft reposed in him by not duly accounting to any Perfon or Perfons by whom he shall have been empowered to receive any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money as aforesaid, for the Sum or Sums of Money by him received in that behalf, or by pradlifing any Fraud or Impofition on any such Perfon or Perfons, then and in that case it shall and may be lawful for the said Treasurer, by any Writing under his Hand to be delivered to such Licenfed Agent, or left at his last or molt usual Place of Abode, or Place where his Bufinefs of Agency shall be carried on, to revoke the Licence so to be granted or taken out as aforesaid; which Revocation, if such Agent's Place of transacting Agency Bufinefs shall be in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, shall be published in the London Gazette, and if in the Country or out of the said Bills of Mortality, also in some Public Newfpaper in Circulation at or near to the Place where such A gent shall tranfadl his Bufinefs of Agency, for the Information of all Perfons interested in Wages or Prize Money; and thenceforth the Power and Authority of such Agent to demand and receive Wages, Pay,

Prize Money, Bounty Money, and other Allowances of Money due or to grow due on Account of the Services of any such Petty Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, shall ab-folntely cease and determine.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the Names and Places of Lifts of licensed Abode and of tranfadling Agency Bufinefs of every such licensed ASents hun6 UP* Agent, shall be inserted in a Lift and hung up in the Hall of the Navy Pay Office in Somerset Place, and in some conspicuous Place in each of the Navy Pay Offices at the several Out Ports of the United Kingdom, for the Infpc&ion of all Perfons who shall resort thither on Bufinefs, and which Lifts shall be renewed from time to time as Occafion may require.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That as often as any such licensed F’cenfed Agents Agent shall remove or change his Office or Place of conducting the R^va) ot,ceo Bufinefs of Agency, he shall within Fourteen Days after every such Removal or Change of Place, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Treasurer of His Majefty's Navy for the time being, on Pain of for- pcnn]ty feiting for every ncgledt thereof the Sum of Fifty Pounds.	°nn

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all Letters or Packets *'tners.0^ addrefied to the said Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital for the time being, upon any Bufinefs or Affairs Prixe Matters relative to Prize Matters, or upon any other Bufinefs or Affairs of fiee ot Fatale, the [aid Royal Hofpital, shall, from and after the passing of this Adi, be free from the Duty of Postage; and also that all Letters or 54. Geo. III.	G	g	Packets



4S°

A. D.1814.

C.93.	54	GEO.	III.

Pending other Papers, &c. under Covers, &c.

Penalty.

Officers to fend Accounts of Captures to Treasurer of Navy, Sic.

Payment to Re-prefentatives of Seamen,

Fxpencesof executing A6t, &c. paid out of ln-tereft or Principal of unclaimed Shares.

Packets font by the said Treafnrer, or by the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital for the time being, upon such Bufintfs or Affairs as uforesaid, or by the Officer for Prize Matters in the Navy Pay Office, upon any Bufinefs relating to such Prize Matters in manner and form hereinafter directed, shall be sent free from the said Duty of Poffage ; and all Letters and Packets relating to the Matters aforesaid, that shall be forwarded by the said Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque, or by such Officer for the Prize Matters in the Navy Pay Office as aforesaid, shall be under Cover, with the Words “ Purfliant to A61 of Parliament, Fifty fourth George the Third,” printed upon the fame ; and the said Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital, or Officer for Prize Matters in the Navy Pay Office, as the case may be, shall write his Name under the fame; and they and each of them are and is hereby flri£Uy prohibited from ir.tlofing or fending under such Covers any Writing, Paper or Parcel whatsoever, excepting such as relate to the Bufinefs or Affairs of the said Royal Hofpital, or to such Prize Matters respectively.

LXlil. And be it further enabled. That if any such Treasurer or Clerk of the Cheque, or Officer for Prize Matters as aforesaid, shall fend or convey under any of the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper or Pareel, other than those relating to the Bufinefs or Affairs of the said Royal Hofpital, or such Prize Matters as aforesaid, the Perfoa so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LXIV. And be it further enaefed, That all Captains and Com-manders of His Majefty’s Ships and Veffels of War, or hired armid Ships, shall from time to time, as soon as the fame can be done, tranfrnit to the Treasurer of the Navy, and to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hofpitid, Accounts in Writing of all Prizes taken, with the Name of the Port to which the Capture was sent, with the Name and Place of Abode of the Agent or Agents, Hating whether it is a foie or joint Capture, and, if joint, the Names of the fevercl Ships alleged to be aiding in such Capture, with the Date of the Capture, and the Place where the fame was made.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the Prize and Bounty Money due to the Rcprefentatives of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines deceased, shall be paid only to their Reprefentatives, or their lawful Attorney or Attornies, upon Produ£tion of the Cheque to be granted by the Infpedfors of Seamen’s Wills.

LXVI. And be it further enabled, That the Expences incurred in executing this A&, and the Sums paid in remunerating the Officers of the Navy Office, Navy Pay Office or of Greenwich Hofpital, for their Care, Pains and Trouble in executing the Regulations thereof, (hail be fubjedf to the Difcretion of the Commiflioners of the Navy, as far the fame relate to Officers of or Perfons employed in the Navy Office, or otherwise under the Orders of such Commissioners, of the Treasurer of the Navy, as far as the fame relate to Officers of or Perfons employed in the Navy Pay Office, and of the Board of Dire&ors of the said Hofpital, as to all Officers and Perfons employed or belonging to Greenwich Hofpital, and shall be paid by the said Board of Directors out of the Intercft of unclaimed Shares, and Shares of Run Men, in veiled in Government Securities, or if necessary, out of the Principal Sums in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Hofpital, on Account of such Shares of Run Men, the Accounts of such Remuneration*

L,ooQle

A.D.1814.	54° GEO. III.	C.93.	451

munerations and Expenditures being annually* returned to Parliament; and the Commidioners of the Navy, and the Treasurer of the Navy respectively, shall Quarterly cause an Account to be sent of the Amount of such Expences to the said Board of Diredors of the said Royal Hofpital, who shall immediately cause the fame to be paid to the Order of the said Commidioners and Treasurer respectively.

LXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted. No Fees paid That, from and after the palling of this Ad, all Fees heretofore paid 9r trat'"'S r“ by the said Royal Hofpital at the Navy Office, for tracing the Ser-	shares]

vices of Perfons claiming Shares of Prize or Bounty Money, shall &c. cease, and be no longer due or payable.

LXVIII. And be it further enabled, That no Perfon employed No Perfon em-by Greenwich Hofpital m executing the Regulations of this Ad, shall Pj°V^ ^9* ad as an Agent for Prizes, or be concerned directly or indirectly ia	pen*jt

the Biifmefs thereof, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon oi^Perfons Perjury,See, shall falfely* make Oath to any of the Matters hereinbefore required to be verified on Oath, or suborn any other Perfon so to do, such Perfon or Perfons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Perfons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury ; and that Pfrfons counter-if any Perfon or Perfons shall counterfeit, erase, alter or falsify any Commiffion for War or Letter of Marque, or any Warrant for \v^&c*°n ° making out the fame, or any Certificate required or directed by this Ad to be given for obtaining the fame, or shall publish or make use of any such Commifiion for War, or Warrant for making out the • fame, or any Certificate as afotesaid, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, erafeel, altered or fallified, such Perfon or Perfons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon and Not delivering Perfons hereby directed to transmit or deliver all or any of the Ac- Accounts, counts before mentioned, who shall refuse or neglect to transmit or deliver all or any such Account or Accounts to the Treasurer of the said Hofpital, or his said Deputy or Agent, within the time before limited and appointed, in Manner and Form as hereinbefore mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Penalty.

Pounds, and shall pay the Expence of any Application to any Court to compel the Produdion and Delivery of the fame.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Fraud, Collufion Frauds in Ac-or Deceit shall be wittingly or willingly made, used, committed, per- counts* milted or done or suffered in making, Rating or balancing such Accounts, then every Perfon or Perfons who shall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their Aiders and Abettors, shall forfeit and pay, for every Inch Offence, the Sum of five hundred Pounds.	Penalty,

LXXI I. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the Proceeds of p:fiing of this Ad, the Proceeds of all Captures made prior to the ^l)j^esi^ort Firlt Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, in this or Jiflj-ibuted ac-any former War, which shall not have been already advertised for COrdirg to Aft, Diilribution, shall be distributed under the Regulations of this Ad, and Agents to and the forfeited and unclaimed Shares be accounted for and paid accordingly, to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital within the fame Period, and in like manner as by this Ad is directed ; and that the Agents for all Captures made previous to the Firlt Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, in this or any former War, and which have already been advertised for Diftribution, shall render Accounts, and pay the forfeited and unclaimed Shares to the said Treasurer of

G g 2	Greenwich

^ ^ooQle

C. 95.

GEO. III.

A.D.

Rerfanrs to fend Account to Greenwich Hot-pml of Money in Hjnd:

And to remit.

Judzes to order Payment of unclaimed Money which is to be distributed.

Treasurer and Clerk of Cheque may issue Precepts to licenled Perfons to account for Prize or Bounty Monies.

Greenwich Hofpital within Three Months after the pafling of this Adi ; any thing in any former Adt contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

‘ L XXI11. And Whereas divers Sums of Money are now re-

*	maining in the Hands of the Regiftrars of the High Court of

*	Appeals, High Court of Admiralty, and of the several Court!

*	of Vice Admiralty respectively, arifmg from Prizes which have 1 been finally adjudged to the Captors, and which have not been

*	claimed by them, or any Perfon or Perfons on their Behalf ;* Be it therefore enacted, That the Regiftrars of the said High Court of Appeals, of the High Court of Admiralty, and of every Court of Vice Admiralty in His Majefty’s Dominions, shall, within Three Months, so far as relates to the High Court of Appeals and the High Court of Admiralty, and with respect to Courts of Vice Admiralty in the East Indies, within Two Years, and with respect to such Courts in any other Parts of His Majefty’s Dominions, within One Year next after the palling of this Adi, render or transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital at Greenwich, or his Deputy, an Account of all Sums of Money which had been paid into the said Courts as afore-faid respectively, up to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and which at the time of rendering such Account shall remain in their Hands respectively ; and at the fame time pay over or remit to the said Treasurer of the laid Royal Hofpital all fuchlaft mentioned Sums of Money; and that the Receipt of the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, to the Regiftrar paying such Money, shall be a good and effcdlual Difcharge to such Regiftrar, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever; and with respect to all Monies which have been so paid to the said Regiftrars respectively, since the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or which shall hereafter be so paid, and which shall have remained in their Hands respectively for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the Prize or Prizes, from which such Monies shall have proceeded, shall have been finally adjudged to the Captors, unclaimed by the said Captors, or by any Perfon or Perfons on their behalf, it shall be lawful for the Judge or Judges of the said Courts refpedl-ively, upon Application by the Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy, to order Payment thereof to the said Treasurer or his Deputy ; which several Sums, when so paid to the said Treasurer or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall be distributed among the Captors, of their legal Re prefentatives, by the Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hofpital, in like manner, and subject to the fame Regulations, so far as the fame can be made applicable, as in cases of Dilhi-bution by the Agents of the Captors.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital, from time to time as they shall fee Occafion, to issue Precepts under their Hands, diredlcd to such Perfon or Perfons as shall be licensed as hereinbefore mentioned, and whom they may have reason to believe have received Prize or Bounty Monies upon Orders executed since the pafline of this Adi, requiring him or them, within Two Calendar Months next after the time at which such Precept shall have been served, to deliver or transmit upon Oath to the said Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital, according to the Diredlions contained in the said Precept (which Oath any Jufticeof the Peace or Magistrate, or the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the

(aid





453

54° GEO. III.

* 93*

said Royal Hofpital for the time being, ia hereby authorized to ad-minifter), an Account of all Monies which may have been received by such Perfon or Perfona upon Orders executed since the pafling of this A Ct 5 and in case the fame, or any Part thereof, shall have been paid over, then to whom the fame, or any Part thereof, has been so paid over as aforesaid, and shall at the fame time pay or remit to the Treafuner or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital, as may be required by such Precept, such Part of the said Monies as shall remain in bis or their Hands unpaid, to the Parties beneficially entitled to it, or to their Ufe ; and in case such Monies shall not be paid over or remitted to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer within the time limited by this Adt, the fame shall be recoverable from the Perfon detaining the fame, by Adlion for Money had and received, or other-wife, in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hofpital, and the fame, when so paid in or recovered, shall be for the Ufe of the Parties beneficially entitled thereto, and be other-wife applied as forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Monies are by this Adi directed to be applied; and in case any such Perfon or Perfons upon whom any such Precept shall be served as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to deliver or transmit such Account within the time hereby limited, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Ufe of the said Royal Hofpital the Sum of Penalty.

Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Adlion of Debt, to be brought

in the Name of the said Commissioners and Governors of the faid

Royal Hofpital, in either of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejl-

minfler, unless sufficient Caufe shall be shewn to the Satisfadlion of the

Board of Dire&ors of the said Royal Hofpital, why such Precepts	%

have not been complied with.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Perfon Precepts on or Perfons as aforesaid, upon whom any such Precept or Precepts as t>erion* repeat-aforefaid shall have been served, shall neglect or refuse to pay Obedience ed' thereto, and shall in consequence thereof pay the Penalty incurred by such Difobedience, it shall nevertheless be lawful for the said Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hofpital, and they are hereby empowered to repeat such Precept or Precepts until the Accounts thereby required shall have been duly rendered and delivered; and such Perfon or Perfons shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be liable to a separate Penalty of T wenty Pounds, for every Precept Penalty, to be served upon him or them, to which due Obedience shall not be paid, to be recovered in manner aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Regiftrars of the Rertfrars of High Court of Appeals and High Court of Admiralty respectively, Courts of Ap-fhaU, on the Twenty sixth Day of March, the Twenty fifth Day of Peal a,ld Admu JutUy the Thirtieth Day of September and the Twenty sixth Day of J3 ivea- ^ December in every Year, transmit to the Treasurer of the said Royal fun'#..f Green-Hofpital, or his Deputy, and to the Treasurer of the Navy, a Lift wuh Hofpital. of all the Prizes which shall have been adjudged in their Courts respectively, in the Three Months preceding, together with the Names of the capturing Ships and their Commanders, and of the Agents for the Captors, and the Dates of the Captures and Sentences respectively.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Regiftrars of Regiftrars of every Vice Admiralty Court shall, on the Twenty sixth Day of Vice Admiralty March and the Twenty fifth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of CouJ«lw lranf-

C-A r TN. r t~\	»	<«/	rnit Lifts to Re-

September and the Twenty sixth Day of December in every Year,	^

G g 3	or	‘	*

joogle

*

4J4

A.D.i8i4<

Court of Ad-inirJty &C. Quarterly.

Lifts hnnp up for public In-ip^ction.

Rcfftrars neglecting

Penalty.

Roeiftrar ne-gUdin^ to make Returns of Prizes.

Penalty.

Trcafur.,r of J\*vy m*v np-poliit per fun to examine Accounts of Prizes.

Certificates of Accounts allowed to be given.

c.93.

54# GEO. III.

or so soon after each of such Quarter Days respectively as any Ship shall fail for England, transmit to the Regiftrar of the High Court of Admiralty, and the Treasurer of the Royal Hofpital at Greenwich, a Lift of all the Prizes which have been adjudged in their Courts respectively during the preceding Quarter of a Year, together with the Dates of the several Captures, as far as the fame may appear, the Names of the capturing Ships and their Commanders, the Agents of the Captors, a Copy of the decretal Part of the Sentences upon the fame; and at the fame time deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Duplicate of the fame to the Deputy of the said Treasurer, rdident at the Place where such Courts of Vice Admiralty are or shall be eftabliffied, or to which their Jurifdiction shall extend ; which Lifts so to be transmitted to the Regiftrar of the High Court of Admiralty, shall be hung up for public In* fpedlion iu the Regiftry at Doctors’ Commons, together with similar Lifts of the Prizes adjudged in the High Court of Admiralty, and in the Court of Appeal ; and in case any such Regiftrar of any Vice Admiralty Court shall neglect or refuse to transmit such Lilts, or to deliver Duplicates thereof, at the times and in the manner aforesaid, every Perfon so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cafe3 where the Regiftrar of any Vice Admiralty Court shall have neglected to make the Returns of Prizes proceeded against in the respective Courts as required by Law, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a like Sum of Fifty Pounds, unless the Returns shall be transmitted in manner above required within Eighteen Months, so far as the fame relate to the East Indies, and within Nine Months from every other Vice Admiralty Court in His Majefty’s Foreign Dominions.

‘ LXXIX. And Whereas it is expedient that Provifion should be € made for the speedy and effectual Examination of all Accounts 1 relating to Prizes taken by His Majefty’s Ships, in order to insure ‘ the full Value thereof being duly accounted fer to the Captors ;* Be it enacted, That, from and after the pasting of this Adi, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer of the Navy to appoint a Perfon duly qualified to examine all such Accounts, and that every Prize Agent and every Perfon who shall be authorized and empowered to receive and distribute any Bounty Monies or other Monies for the life or Benefit of the Officers and Crews of any of His Majefty’s Ships of War, by reason of any Capture or Seizure made by them, fubjcdl to the Provifions of this Adi, shall, before he shall exhibit his Account of Sales in the High Court of Admiralty, transmit a Copy thereof to the Treasurer of the Navy, in order to the fame being submitted to the immediate Examination of the Officer so to be appointed by him.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That when the Perfon so to be appointed shall have carefully examined the Accounts of any Prize Agent or other Perfon so transmitted to him and shall he satisfied therewith, he shall give to such Agent or other Perfon Two Certificates ftgned by himself, setting forth the Names of the Prize and of the capturing Ship or Ships, and the Amount of the Nett Proceeds for Diftribution, One of which Certificates such Agent or other Perfon shall transmit to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital, together with a Copy of his Accounts and Vouchers exhibited in the High Court of Admiralty.

LXXXI- And

vjOOQlC

455

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That when such Agent or Scheme for other Perfon shall deliver his Accounts for Examination as aforesaid, Dtftrihution n* he shall at the fame time deliver a Scheme for the Diftribution of the be delivered. Nett Proceeds to the Captors of the Prize in question, according to the following Forms:

For all Captures made prior to June 1808.

Ships, &c. entitled to Share.	Names of Difiributing Agents for each Ship, •fcc.	Number of Perfons in each Class, with the Amount of an Individual Share.					
		*5 *0  Cl  V  M  1%	JG  z *  0  0 0	JG .  O  CJ  -3 fO	S 10  r.  M « -	02  J2oo  U  -5 0	Proportion due to each Ship
							£• /.
Ship No. 1	A. & B.	I	4	9	22	232	287 15 n{
2	C. & D.	I	4	11	24	213	291 9 ol
3	E. & F.	I	3	8	x3	80	»93 3 5
	G. & H.		Flag	Proport	ions	-	O  00
					Fra&ions		col-f  M  0  ►i  1
					1	J?	883 7 0

For all Captures made subsequent to June 1808.

Ships, &c.	Names of Distributing		Number of Perfons			in each Class, with the Amount cf an  Individual Share.				
entitled to Share.	Agents for each Ship.	*o •*» n «'  <u  « m” U M <*-. **"»	*5 hn  « co  4>  « M  Ooo	•§*  df M «•  0 to TjSt  to	-6 . 8°  M  ° M	JG  u  <1  48 O  *3 *  « M  •5^  *0	6th Class, each £0 12 0.	JG  0	_•  0  A*  •2 00  1  3 0	JG 8 d  00	Proportion due to each Ship.
Ship No. 1	A. & B.	I	7	10		13	2J3	83	29	£. t. d. 449 n if
2	C. &D.	I	3	7	10	6	54	J4	12	185 16 3*
	E. & F.					Flag	Propor	tions  Fra<!	1  Elions -£	57 *5 3* — 1  693 3 11

G g 4	LXXXII.	And

vjjOOQIC

4$6

C. 93.

54° CEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Allowance for fi:ch }‘xami-

Ur

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That an Allowance or Payment shall be made forfuch Examination by the Agent or Perfon delivering such Accounts ; and the Sum so paid shall be charged by the said Agent or other Perfon in his Account for.Diftribution ; the said Allowance or Fee to be regulated after the following Proportions : If the Nett Proceeds for Diftribution amount to

Sums recovered in contujuence of Examination CiilritHitcd,<fcc.

£200 and are under	£500	-	2	Guineas.
500	IOCO	-	3	—
1000	2000	- * -	4	—
2000	3000	-	5	—
* 3000	4000	-	6	—•
4000	50C0	-	7	—
5000	6000	-	8	—
6000	7000	-	9	—
7000	8000	-	10	—
8000	9000	-	11	—
9000	10,000	-	12	—
10,000	15,000	-	*3	—
15,000 and upwards	-	-	15	—
LXXXIII. And be it	further	enacted, That		, if upon

Account of M.rney received for Inch Exami-H4liou rendered.

Account laid annually before Parliament.

Offences Act tried in any County of England.

amination of any Account as aforesaid so exhibited, it /hall appear that the full Value of any Prize taken, or Bounty, has not been dated in the Account made up by the Agent for Diftribution, or if upon such Examination any Sum or Sums shall be disallowed as improperly charged against the Captors, then all further Sums so appearing to be due to the Captors, and recovered by the Authority of any competent Court, shall be considered as a Part of the Proceeds to be distributed among the Captors ; and if by any Delay in recovering the fame, such Sum or Sums cannot be included in the first Diftribution, then the said Sum or Sums shall be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital or his Deputy, to be distributed to the Captors or their legal Reprefentatives by the Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hofpital, in like manner and subject to the fame Regulations as far as the fame can be made applicable thereto, as in cases of Diftribution by the Agents of the Captors.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That an attested Account shall be annually rendered to the Treasurer of the Navy and Treasurer of the Royal Hofpital at Greenwich, by such Examiner of Prize Accounts of all Sums of Money received as Allowance or Payment for Examination as aforesaid, and that out of the fame shall be paid all Charges incurred in carrying into Effedl the ProvilionS of this Adi with respect to the examining of Prize Accounts, together with such Remuneration for the Examiner of the said Accounts as shall by the Treasurer of the Navy be thought reasonable; and whatever Balance shall remain after Satisfying such Charges as aforesaid, the fame shall be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted. That there shall be laid annually before both Houfes of Parliament within Fourteen Days after their First Meeting, by the Treasurer of the Navy, an Accouut of the Charges and Remunerations allowed and paid as aforesaid.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where the Offence of taking a false Oath, or suborning any Perfon so to do, or any of the Offences by this Adi made cognizable in any of His Majjefty’s

Courts





457

54° GEO* III.	C*93«

Courts of Record in Great Britain, shall be committed out of this Realm, the fame may be alleged to be committed, and may be laid, enquired of, tried and determined in any County in England, in the fame manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been actually done or committted within the Body of such County.

LXXXVII. And be it further enabled, That all Penalties and Penalties, Forfeitures imposed by this Ad, wheresoever the fame shall arise or ow recovere<i* become forfeited, may be recovered by Aion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majelly's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or Monition and Attachment thereon, in His Majdly’s High Court of Admiralty, unless in cases where any other Mode is by this Ad particularly dirc&ed ; and all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Ad, which shall arise or become forfeited in any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions abroad, may be recovered in any Court of Record of His Majesty in the Colony, Territory or Place where the fame shall arise or have become forfeited, or in any of His Majefty’s Vice Admiralty Courts having Jurifdidion there.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enabled, That in all cases in Application of which any Agent or Perfon is by this Act made subject to the For- P*aalL»es* feiture of any Sum of Money equal to any Money remaining in his Hands, or to the Amount of any Balances or Shares, such Sum or Sums of Money shall, on Recovery thereof, go and be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who shall have been aggrieved by the Mifcondud of such Agent or Perfon, and all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures by this Ad imposed, other than as aforesaid, and other than such as are by this Ad directed to be otherwise applied and dif-poted of, shall go and be applied to the Ufe of the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich, and shall be sued for in the Name of the Coramiffioners and Governors thereof.

4 LXXXIX. And Whereas by a certain Ad of Parliament, made 3*

4 and passed in the Thirty firll Year of the Reign of His late Majesty 4 King. George the Second, intituled An Ad for the Encouragement 9 4 Seamen employed in the Royal Navy ; and for ejlablijhing a regular 4 Methodfor the pundual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages ;

4 and for enabling them more eajily and readily to remit the fame for the 4 Support of their Wives and Families, and preventing Frauds and 4 Abufes attending such Payments, after reciting that diver9 wicked 4 Praftices had been carried on, by personating and falsely afiuming 4 the Names and Charaders of Officers, Seamen and others entitled 4 or supposed to be entitled to Wages, Pay or other Allowances 4 of Money, or Prize Money, for serving on board of Ships or 4 Veffels of the Royal Navy, and by forging and counterfeiting 4 Letters of Attorney, Bills, Tickets, Alignments, last Wills, and 4 other Authorities and Powers from such Officers and Seamen, and 4 by falsely taking out Probate of Wills and Letters of Admini-4 Rration to such Officers and Seamen ; it is enacted, That, from and § 34.

4 after the Firil Day of November which was in the Year of our Lord 4 One thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, whosoever willingly and 4 knowingly should personate, or falsely afiume the Name or Cha-4 rafter of, or procure any other Perfon to personate or falsely to 1 assume the Name or Charader of any Officer, Seamen or other Per-4 son entitled, or supposed to be entitled, to any Wages, Pay or other 4 Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, for Service done on board 1 of any Ship or VelTel of His Majelty, his Heirs or Succeffors, or

«the

L^ooQle

45*

JC.J. c.30.

S«.

Performing, &c. Officers and Seamen to receive Prite Money, Forging, &c. Orders, ice. for Payment thereof.

C.93.	54*	GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

*	the Executor or Adminiftrator, Wife, Relation or Creditor of any

*	fuch Officer or Seaman* or other Perfon, in order to receive any

*	Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due € or supposed to be due or payable for or on account of the Services

*	of any such Officer or Seaman, or other Perfon as aforesaid; or 4 should forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited,

*	any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate, Affignment, lad

*	Will, or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to

*	receive any such Wages, Pay or other Allowance of Money or Prize 4 Money, due or supposed to be due, to any such Officer or Seaman,

*	or other Perfon as aforesaid, or should willingly and knowingly take € a false Oath, or procure any other Perfon to take a false Oath, to 4 obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letters of

*	Adminiflration, in order to receive the Payment of any Wages, Pay 4 or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due or that were 4 supposed to be due, to any such Officer, Seaman or other Perfon 4 as aforesaid, who had really served, or had been supposed to have 4 served, on board of any Ship or Veffel of His Majesty, his Heirs or

*	Succeffors, every such Perfon so offending, being lawfully convicted 4 of any such Offence or Offences, should be deemed guilty of Felony,

*	and should suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy : And 4 Whereas by a certain A61 of Parliament, made and passed in the

*	Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled /in Ad 4 for repealing so much of an A cl, puffed in the Tenth Tear of Her late 4 Majrjly Queen Anne, at relates to the Harbour Moorings of the 4 Royal Navy9 and for the more ejfeclual Prcfervation offuch Harbour 4 Moorings ; and Punijhment of Perfons guilty of Jlealing or em-‘ bezxling His Majejly*s Naval Stores ; or of Forgery or Perjuryf 4 in relation to Seamen*s IVagesy it is, among other tilings, enacted, 4 That if any Perfon should, from and after the Twenty fourth Day

* of Juney which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand feven

*	hundred and sixty nine, utter or publish as true, any false, forged 4 or counterfeited Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate or

*	Aflignment, lafl Will, or any other Power or Authority whatfo-4 ever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of

*	Money or Prize Money, due or luppofed to be due to any Officer 4 or Seaman, or other Perfon who should have really served, or fhould

*	have been supposed to have served, or should hereafter serve, or

*	fhould be supposed to have served, on board of any Ship or VefTel

*	of His Majelty, his Heirs or Succeffors, with Intent to defraud any

*	Perfon, knowing the fame to be false, forged or counterfeited, every

*	fuch Perfon, being thereof lawfully convi£led, should be deemed 4 guilty of Felony, and should suffer Death as a Felon, without

*	Benefit of Clergy: And Whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the 4 Punifhment inflicted by the said Two lafl recited A6ls of Parlia-4 ment on Perfons guilty of the several Offences therein mentioned,

*	extends to such Offences, when committed with an Intention to 4 defraud any Corporation ;9 Be it therefore enabled, That, from and after the passing of this A61, whosoever willingly and knowingly shall personate or falsely assume the Name or Chara&er of, or procure any other to personate or falsely to assume the Name or Chara&er of any Officer, Seaman or other Perfon entitled, or supposed to be entitled, to any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money for Service done on board of any Ship or VefTel of His

11	Majelly,



A.D.i8i4*

459

540 GEO. III.	C.93.

Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, or the Executor or Adminillrator,

Wife, Relation or. Creditor, of any such Officer or Seaman or other Perfon, in order to receive any Wages, Pay or other Allowances ot Money, or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due or payable, for or on account of the Services of any such Officer or Seaman, or other Perfon as aforesaid, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket,

Certificate, Order, Affignment, lait Will, or any other Power or Authority what foe ver, in order to receive any such Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, which shall be due or supposed to be due, to any such Officer or Seaman, or other Perfon as aforesaid, or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath, or procure any other Perfon to take a false Oath, to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letters of Adminif-tration, in order to receive the Payment of any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money or Prize Money, which ffiall be due, or be supposed to be due to any such Officer, Seaman, or other Perfon as aforesaid, who shall have really served, or shall be supposed to have served on board of any Ship or Veffel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors; or if any Perfon shall, from and after the paffiug of this Act, utter or publiffi as true any false, forged or counterfeited Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate, Order or Affignment, last Will, or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due to any Officer ori Seaman, or other Perfon who shall have really served, or shall be supposed to have served, or shall hereafter serve, or be supposed to have served on board of any Ship or Veffel of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, with Intent to defraud any Corporation whatsoever, knowing the fame to be false, forged or counterfeited, every such Perfon, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.	Death.

XC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Adlion Limitation of shall be brought againit any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, for any A&ious. Matter or Thing whatsoever, done or committed under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Adi, unless such Adlion shall be brought within Three Years next after doing or committing of such Matter or Thing, save as to Matters or Things arising out of Captures in any former War: Provided also, that if any Adlion or Suit shall be hereafter commenced or prosecuted against any Perfon or Perfons for any Matter or Thing done under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Adi, such Perfon or Perfon# may plead the General General Iflue. Ifsue, and give this Adi and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer Dif-continuance, or forbear further Profecution, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Coils, for which he, she or they shall have Treble Cofts. the like Remedy as where Cods by Law are given to Defendants.

[See as to Chelsea Hafpital* c. 86. ante.]

SCHE-

C $Ie

^4° GEO. EH.

A.D.1S14.	1

4C0

C.93.

SCHEDULES to which this A& refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM of CONDEMNATIONS to be signed by the Prize Agent, and tranf-mitted to Greenwich Hofpital, agreeably to the 23d Sed. of this Ad.

0  Vi  3  CJ  O  Vm  O  t>  -e  Q	Name of Prize.	Matter’s Name.	Capturing Ship, or Ships entitled to Share.	I Commander’s Name.	Date of Sentence.	Date of Appeal, if any.	Decretal Part of Sentence, whether for Capture, Salvage, or {Head Money, See.	State of the Property condemned, and in what it consists, whether fold or Part fold only, the Produce of such Part at it fuld, and in what the unfold Pan consists.
ft			/					

SCHEDULE (B.)

v [Here insert the Place where and Time when the Order is made.]

Day of	180

AT Seven Days Sight pav to	or his

Order, the Amount of my Share of Prize or Bounty Money, for the Capture of [here insert the Names of the Prizes, and Time of Capture, or give such other Defcription of them as shall be fatisfactor y to the Sfgent) and the Officers of Greenwich Hofpital,] when serving on board His Majefty’s Ship or Veflel the	in

Quality of

To the Agent for the said Capture, 1 or, the proper Officers of Greenwich Hofpital, J

These are to certify, That we have examined the said who signed the above Order in our Prefence, and from the Documents he has shewn us, videlicet [here insert the Nature of the Documents, whether they are Invalid Tickets, Certificates, or other• wife, and by what Officer they are signed,] and his Anfwers to our Queftions, we have reason to believe that he was serving on board the (aid Ship at the Time of making the Captures above specified \ he fays he was born at	in	the	County	of

that he is	Years of Age, of a	Complexion,	Eyes,	and	Hair.

[If the Party is discharged from the Service, fate the Time and Caufe of Difcharge.]

Given under our Hands

SCHE-





540 GEO. in

C. 93,94-

461

SCHEDULE (C.)

Ad of Parliament, 54th Geo. III. Chap. Sedion •

Navy Pay Office, London.

J Requeft that the Prize Money noted on the Document which will be produced herewith may be paid, or that a reason may be assigned for its Difallowance, in the manner pointed out in the above A& of Parliament.

A. B. Officer for Prizes; or, C. D. Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hofpital, (as thccqfe may be)*

CAP. XCIV.

An Ad to grant additional Annuities to Judges of the Courts of Seffion, Judiciary and Exchequer, in Scotlatid, who had resigned their Offices before the lad Augmentation of Salaries granted to the Judges of those Courts. [ 18th July 1814.J

WHEREAS by an Ad passed in the Forty eighth Year of g Q

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 for *3c*M5. enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Judges of the Court of Seffion, Jufliciary and Exchequer, in Scotland, upon the Refigna- • tion of their Offices, it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, by His Majefty’s Sign $ Manual, to give and grant unto any Perfon who shall have executed the Office of Lord President of the said Court of Seffion, or of the Lord Juftice Clerk, or of the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or of any Judge or Lord of Seffion, or of any Lord Commiffioner of Jufticiary, or of a Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, as well before as after the passing of the said recited Ad, and who shall have respectively resigned any such Office, an Annuity or yearly Sum not exceeding Three Fourth Parts of the Salary appertaining to each such Office at the Refig nation thereof, to commence and be paid in manner therein mentioned : And Whereas by another Ad passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign j0q of His present Majesty, intituled An A8 for augmenting the Salaries	*

of the Lords of Seffion, Lords Commissioners of Jujliciary and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, and Judges in Ireland, certain Augmentations were made to the Salaries of the said Judges refpec-tively: And Whereas certain of the Judges of the said Courts who resigned their Offices after the passing of the said first recited Ad, and before the passing of the said last recited Ad, have received Grants of Annuities of less Amount than those Judges of the fame Courts who have resigned or may resign their Offices fmee the palling of the said last recited Ad, and it is reasonable and expedient that the Judges who had resigned their Offices before the passing of the said last recited Ad mould be entitled to similar Annuities from and after the passing of this Ad, as if they had resigned the fame after the passing of the said Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty:* May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King^s Moft Ex-ttlltnt Majesty, by aad with the Advice and Confeat of the Lords

Spiritual

c-3*.







A.D.1814.

His Majesty niay grant to JiHees See. in Scotland who had resigned be-fore pa'ling of 50 G. 3. c. 31. Annuities they would lia/e been entitled to had they resigned lublVqurnt to palling of Alt.

46 G. 3. C.65.

Recited Alls extended to Alt.

40 G. 3 (I.) c. 69.

C. 94,95.	54° CEO. III.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament attembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful to His Majcity, his Heirs and SuccefTors, to give and grant unto any Perfon who shall have executed the Office of Lord President of the said Court of Seilion, or of Lord Juftice Clerk, or of Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or of any Judge or Lord of Seffion, or of any Lord Commlttioner of Judiciary, or of a Baron of the said Court of Exchequer who shall have resigned his said Office after the passing of the said fird recited Alb of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and before the passing of the said lad recited Alt of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majedy, such Additions to their refpeHive Annuities as will, from and after the passing of this Alt, make such Annuities equal to what they would have been entitled respectively to have received if they had resigned such Offices after the passing of the said lad recited Alt; and such Additions to such refpcltive Annuities to be granted in pursuance of this Alt, shall from time to time be payable and be paid Quarterly, commencing the Fird Payment thereof at the Fird Quarterly Term that shall occur after the palling of this Act, clear from all Taxes and Dedultions w'hatfo-ever (except the Duty chargeable by an Alt patted in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Maj'dty, intituled An Ad for granting to His Majjly during the present War and until the Sixth JDny of April after the Ratification nf a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Profejfions, Trades and Offices ; and for repealing an Ad faffed in the Forty fifth Year of Hit present Majcjly, for repealing certain Parts of an Ad made in the Forty third Tear of His present Majcjly, for granting a Contribution on the Profts arising from Property, Profejfions, Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual ttie Provjions for collecting the said Duties).

II. And be it further enalted, That the said several recited Alts, and all Clauses, Provilions, Rules, Regulations, Matters and Things therein contained (fo far as the fame are applicable and are not hereby altered), shall be in Force and applied to carry into Lhelt the Pur-pofes of this AIL

CAP. XCV.

An Alb to enable His Majcfly to grant additional Annuities to the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer, in Ireland, on the Refignation of their Offices.	[18th	July	1814.]

WHEREAS an AH was patted in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majedy* 4 intituled An Ad to enable His Majcfly to grant Annuities to the Lord 4 High Chancellor, and to the Judges of the Court of King's Bench* 4 Majler of the Rolls, Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas and 4 Exchequer, Judge or Commiffary of the Court of Prerogative, the 4 Judge of the Court of Admiralty, the Chairman of the Quarter Sfnzm 4 of the County of Dublin, and Ajfijlant Barrijlcrs of the several other 4 Counties on the Refignation of their ref pc dive Offices ; and to amend 4 an A3 paffied in the Thirty sixth Tear oj His present Majesty, intituled

4 An

v^ooQle

54° GEO. III.

C.9J.

4^3

* An A3 for increasing the Salaries of the Chief and other Judge/

1 of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Chief 4 Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom s 4 And Whereas it is expedient that further Provifions should be made 4 for such Perfons as have held the Offices of Chief Juflice of the 4 Court of King’s Bench, of Chief Juilice of the Court of Common 4 Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, and the Juflices of 4 the Court of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the 4 Exchequer in Ireland respectively, in the Event of their quitting 4 said Offices;’ We Your Majcfty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the Uuited Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament afiemblcd, do moik humbly beseech Your Majessy, that it may be euacted; and be it enabled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afLnbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for His Majessy, his Heirs and SucccfTors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, to give and grant unto any Perfon who may or shall have executed the Office of Chief Juflice of the Court of King’s Bench, and who shall have resigned the fame, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds Iri/h Currency, and to any Perfon who may or shall have executed the Office of Chief Juflice of the Common Pleas, or Chief Baron of the Exchequer in Ireland respectively, and who shall have resigned the fame, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Six hundred Pounds Irijh Currency, and to any Perfon who may or shall have executed the Office of Puifne Judge of the Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas or of Baron of the Exchequer in Ireland, and who shall have resigned the fame, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Six hundred Pounds Irijh Currency; which said several and re-fpeftive Annuities shall be in Addition to and in Augmentation of the respective Annuities or yearly Sums allowed to he given and granted to such Perfons respectively, under the Provifions of the said recited Aft of the Fortieth Year aforesaid; and in like manner to commence from and after the Period when the Perfon to whom any such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted as aforesaid shall have resigned his said Office, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of the Perfon to whom the fame shall be granted as aforesaid; and every such Annuity or yearly Sura of Money shall be ifTued and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the Confolidated Fund of Ireland.

II.	And be it further enabled, That the said several Annuities and yearly Sums of Money shall from time to time, from the granting thereof, be payable and paid Quarterly without any Deduction for Pells or Poundage, or otherwise, by even and equal Portions at the like Periods and together with and in the fame manner as the Annuities and yearly Sums which may be given and granted under the said recited Aft, and under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Reflriftions (as far as the lame are applicable), as are contained and preferibed in the said recited Aft in relation to the Annuities or yearly Sums of Money therein allowed to be given and granted to the Judges.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said recited Aft, and all Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Matters and Things therein

contained

CjOOQ LC

His Majesty may grant Annuities to Judges in Ireland ou Resignation.

Annuities paid QuaircrN without Deduction.

Rented Aft extended to A &

contained (fo far as the fame are applicable and are not hereby altered), shall be in force and be applied to carry into Effed the Purpofes of this A#.

CAP. XCVI.

5 Eliz. c.4. §31.

repaled.

5 Eliz. c. 4. 125—30- 41-

jr-fi.led.

An Ad to amend an Act, palTed in the Fifth Tear of Queen

Elizabeth, intituled An Acl containing divers Orders for Arti-fccrSy Labourers, Servants of Hufbandry and Apprentices.	*

[r8th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Ad pa (Ted in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Pier late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An AS eon-4 taining divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Huf* 4 landry ar.d Apprentices, it was enabled, That, from and after the 4 First Day of May then next coming, it should not be lawful to any 4 Perfon or Perfons, other than such as did then lawfully use or * exercise any Art, Myftery or Manual Occupation, to fet up, * occupy, use or exercise any Craft, Myftery or Occupation "then 4 used or occupied within the Realm of England or Wales, except * he shall have been brought up therein Seven Years at least as an 4 Apprentice 5 nor to fet any Perfon on Work in such Myftery, 4 Art or Occupation, being not a Workman at that Day, except 4 he shall have been Apprentice as aforesaid, or elfe having served 4 as an Apprentice as aforesaid, shall become a Journeyman, or 4 hired by the Year, upon Pain that every Perfon willingly offend-4 ing, or doing the contrary, shall forfeit and lose for every Default 4 Forty Shillings for every Month : And Whereas it is expedient 4 that so much of the said Ad {hotild be repealed;’ Be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That so much of the said recited Ad shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

4 II. And Whereas by the said Statute, divers Rules and Rcgula-■ tions were enacted respecting the Qualifications of Perfons entitled 4 to take and become Apprentices, and the Term of Years for which 4 such Apprentices ftiould be bound, and as to the Mode of binding 4 such Apprentices; and it was also enacted by the said Statute, 4 That all Indentures, Covenants, Promifes and Bargains, of and 4 for the having, taking or keeping of any Apprentice, otherwise 4 thereafter to be made or taken, than is by the said Statute limited, 4 ordained and appointed, should be clearly void in the Law to all 4 Intents and Purposes; and that every Perfon that ihould from 4 thenceforth take or newly retain any Apprentice contrary to the 4 Tenor and true Meaning of the said Ad, Ihould forfeit and lose 4 for every Apprentice so by him taken the Sum of Ten Pounds:

4 And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said recited 4 Ad should be repealed Be it therefore enacted. That so much of the said recited Ad shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Perfon to take or retain or become an Apprentice, though not according to the Provificns of the said Ad ; and that Indentures, Deeds and Agreements in Writing entered into for that Purpefe, which would be otherwife



A.D.r8i4-	54	GEO.III.	C.96,97	4’5j

▼alid and effeftu&l, shall be valid and effectual in Law, the Repeal of so much of the said Aft as is herein last above recited notwith-fianding.	[Qw. To how many and what Parts of

SeSions 25—30. does the above Enactment apply?"]

III.	And be it further enacted, That any Juftice or Justices of Justices may de-the Peace may hear and determine any Complaints that may arise re- ter™ine Cum-fpefting any Apprenticeships, in like manner as if they had been made P131018,

under the Adi (a) hereby in Part repealed.

(a) [5 Eliz. c,4. $39.]

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Aft, Provifofor or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to Cuftoms ot extend to defeat, alter or prejudice the Cuftom and Order of the London»&c*

City of London concerning Apprentices, or the ancient Cuftom,

Usages, Privileges or Franchifes of the said City, or of auy other City, Town, Corporation or Company lawfully constituted, or the Citizens and Freemen thereof; or any Bye-Law or Regulation of any Corporation or Company lawfully constituted.

CAP. XCVII.

An Aft to continue until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glafs made In Great Britain; for granting an ExcifeDuty on Common Glafs Bottles imported; and for the further Prevention of Frauds in the Exportation of Glafs.

[18th July 1814.]

< T TT HERE AS the Laws hereinafter mentioned are near expiring,

1 W and it is expedient that the fame should be continued Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That so much of an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled yin A3 49 G. 3. c. 63. fur repealing the Duties on the Materials ufedin making Spread Window ,n Part con“ Glafs and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof tinued* andfor the better Colle&ion of the Jdid Duties; as was by another Aft nude in the Fifty first Year of the Reign aforesaid continued until .CI G-3- c. 69. the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and twelve; $ *6, and by another Aft made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign afore- 5a G. 3. c. 54. said further continued to the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight § 1. hundred and thirteen ; and by another Aft made in the Fifty third 53 G. 3 c. 109. Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued to the First Day of § *•

Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fourteen ; shall be and the fame is hereby farther continued, and shall remain and continue in force until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

II. And be it further enacted. That an Aft made in the Fifty first 51 G. 3. c. 69. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for repeal-tug the Duty on the Materials used in making Flint and Phial Glass, and for granting, until the Firjl Day of Auguit One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other Duttes in lieu thereof; and for continuing and amending an A3, passed in the Forty ninth Tear of His Majjly’s Rdgn, intituled An A3 for repealing the Duties on the Materials uftd in making Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glass, and for 54 Geo. III.	H	h	granting





AD. 1814.

.97.

54’

GEO. III.

<2 G. 3. C. 54* §2.

jnG.3. C.IC9.

I».

Dntv on Com* won Gi.tls Bju'cs im-poru A

Duties under Commiilioners of Excile.

Entry made with Collector of Excite at Bort of Importation.

13 & 14 Car. 2. c.11.

Duty before landing.

Penalty.

granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the letter Collection of the said Duties; which was by an A£t made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign aforesaid continued until the Firil Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and thirteen 5 and by another A& made in the Fifty third year of the Reign aforesaid further continued until the Firfl Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and shall remain and continue in force until the said Firfl Day of Augujl One thousand right hundred and fifteen.

1 III. And Whereas for the Encouragement of the Manufafture « of Common Glafs Bottles in that Part of the United Kingdom 1 called Great Britain, it is expedient that the Duties hereinafter * mentioned should be granted for and in respect of Common Glafs ‘ Bottles (not being Phials) imported into Great Britainf Beit therefore enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majelty, his Heirs and Succeffors, an Inland Duty of Eight Shillings and Two pence for every Hundred Weight of Common Glafs Bottles (the fame not being Phials), which shall be imported into Great Britain ; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That such of the Duties by this A 61 imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

V.	And be it further enabled, That within Twenty Days next after the Mailer or Purfer for that Voyage of the Ship or Veflel, wherein any Common Glafs Bottles (not being Phials) shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, shall have or ought to have made a just: and true Entry or Report upon Oath of the Burthen, Contents and Lading of such Ship or Veflel in pursuance of the Dire&ions of an A 61 made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Aft for fre* venting Frauds, and regulating Ahufes in His Majejlf s Cujloms, the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Conlignee or Conlignees, of any such Common Glafs Bottles, shall make due Entry with the Colle&or of Excife in the Port or Place where such Common Glafs Bottles shall be so imported, of all such Common Glafs Bottles on board of such Ship or Veflel belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Confignee or Conlignees, and before the landing of any such Common Glafs Bottles, latisfy and pay the Duty by this A61 irr.pofed for or in refpe£l of such Common Glafs Bottles, and shall also within such Twenty Days land all such Common Glafs Bottles ; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Confignee or Confignees, shall neglect or refuse to make due Entry, or to pay such Duty, or to land any such Common Glafs Bottles (not being Phials) within such Twenty Days, then and in each and every such case such Common Glafs Bottles, whereof no such Entry shall have been made, or for or in rcfpedl whereof such Duty shall not be so paid, or which shall not be so landed, shall be forfeited* and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

« VI. And

VjOOQ 1C

A.D.i8i4*	540	GEO.	III.	C.97.	467

* VI. And "Whereas by an Aft made in the Fifty first Year of 51 G.3. c.69.

*	the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among

*	other things, for amending an Adt, palled in the Forty ninth Year 4 of His Maiefty’s Reign, among other things, for repealing the 4 Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glals and c Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, it is

* enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed for or in respect of	§ 4&-4 any such Glafs as in the said Adt is in that behalf mentioned ex-

*	ported, unless the fame shall be Ihipped and exported in Whole 4 Tables, Half Tables or Quarter Tables, or in regular Panes,

4 Squares or redtangular Figures, the Four Sides of which together 4 shall measure at least Fourteen Inches, and of which no Side (hall

*	meafure less than Three Inches, or Lozenges, of which the Four 1 Sides together shall measure at lead Fourteen Inches, and no Side

*	of which /hall measure less than Three Inches and an Half; And 4 Whereas the said Reftridtions have been found infufficicnt to answer 4 the good Purpofe thereby intended; and it is therefore expedient 4 to make such further Reftridtions and Provilions as are hereinafter

4 mentionedBe it therefore enacted, That no Drawback shall be Drawbacks In allowed for or in respect of any regular Panes, Squares or redtangular what case Figures of Spread Glafs or other Window Glass, any Part of which allowed.

Panes, Squares or redtangular Figures shall consist of or include tin?

Bullion or thick centre Part of the Table, from or out of which

such Panes, Squares or redtangular Figures /hall have been cut or

taken, or any Part of the said Builion, unless no Side of any fuch

Panes, Squares or redtangular Figures shall measure less than Eight

Inches; nor shall any Drawback be allowed for or in respect of

any Lozenges, any Part whereof shall consist of or include the

Bullion or thick centre Part of the Table, from or out of which fuch

Lozenges /hall have been cut or taken, or any Part of the faid

Builion, unless no Side of any such Lozenge /hall measure less than

Eight Inches; nor unless the Diftance between the Two obtufe

Angles of each such Lozenge /hall measure Eight Inches at the

leaft 5 nor /hall any Drawback be allowed for or in respect of any

Lozenges, not containing or including the Bullion or thick centre

Part of the Table, from or out of which such Lozenges shall have

been cut or taken, or any Part of the said Builion, unless the

Diftance between the Two obtuse Angles of every such Lozenge

/hall measure Three Inches and an Half at the least ; and all Window

Glass, any Part whereof shall consist of or include the Bullion or

thick centre Part of the Table, from or out of which the fame lhall

have been cut or taken, and which /hall be of any other Shape or of

lefs Dimen/ions than as aforesaid, /hall be deemed and taken to be

Wafte Glass, within the Meaning of an Adt made in the Seventeenth !7G*3- c-39-

Year of His Majefty’s Reign, mentioned in the said Adt, made in • J7'	.

the Fifty first Year aforesaid; and if any Perfon or Perfons /hall ^

knowingly enter or Ihip, or cause or procure to be entered or /hipped for Exportation.

for Exportation, in order to obtain any Drawback by an Adt made

in the Forty% ninth Year of His present Majesty mentioned in the faid

Adt made in the Fifty first Year aforesaid, or by any other Adi

Cnted or allowed, any Panes, Squares or rectangular Figures or zenges of Spread Window Glafs commonly called or known by Name of Broad Glafs or other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, as aforesaid, containing or including the Bullion or thick H h 2	centre



468

Peaa'ty.

45 G.3. c.30.

§ 10.

Who deemed Makers of GUIs.

Obftruftmg

4&fficer*.

Penalty, Penalties how levied.'

centre Part of the Table, from or out of which such Panes, Squares* rectangular Figures or Lozenges, shall have been cut or taken, or any Panes, Squares, rectangular Figures or Lozenges of Spread Glafs or other Window Glafs respectively, which /hall not be of the Dimenfions in that behalf aforesaid, such Perfon or Perfons /hall for every Crate, Pareel, Box or Package, containing any such Glafs so entered or shipped contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this ACt, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

• VII. And Whereas by a Claufe in an ACt made in the Forty 4 fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for 4 granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties of Excife in Great 4 Britain, it is declared and enacted, That each and every Perfon who # shall make or manufacture any Sort or Kind of Giafs or Glafs 4 Wares, by melting any Metal, Materials, Cullet, or old or broken 4 Glass, in any Pot, Crucible or other Utenfil, shall be deemed and 4 taken to be a Maker of Glass, and shall be subject to all and every 4 the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Penalties, to 4 which Makers of Glafs were then by Law subject and liable: 4 And Whereas divera Perfons, who are not under the Survey of the 4 Officers of Excife, make or manufacture Glafs Wares by melting 4 or softening Glass, other wife than in any Pot, Crucible or other 4 Utenfil, to the Detriment of the Revenue and Injury of the entered 4 Manufacturers of Glass, and Doubts have arisen whether such 4 Perfons are liable to the Survey of the Officers of Excife f For Remedy whereof, be it declared and enacted, That each and every Perfon who shall make or manufacture any Kind or Sort of Glafs by means of the melting or softening of any Glass, or who shall melt or soften any Glass, in any manner whatsoever, for the Purpofe of making or converting the fame into any Veflel, Utenfil, Ware or Piece of Houfehold Furniture, or Part of any Veflel, Utenfil, Ware or Piece of Houfehold Furniture, shall be deemed and taken to be a Maker of Glass, and shall be subject to all and every the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, ReitriCtions and Penalties, to which Makers of Glafs are now by Law subject and liable ; any thing in any ACt or ACts of Parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever shall assault, refill, oppose, moled, obflruCt or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in the due Execution of this ACt, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to any such Officer or Officers, or shall by Force or Violence, after any such Officer or Officers shall have seized any Common Glafs Bottles, or other Bottles, as or for Common Glafs Bottles, forfeited under or fey virtue of this Aft, refeue, or cause to be refeued, or shall break, damage or defiroy any such Bottles, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, all and every such Perfon or Perfons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds. .

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Aft, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such ways, means or methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Lavjr or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or In* formation, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninjltr% or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that One

Moiety

^.ooQle

A.D.i8i4<	54*	GEO.	III.	C*97» 98.	46p

Moiety of eyery such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the fame.

X.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to Application of time arising from the Duty by this Aft imposed, the neceflary

Charges of railing and accounting for the fame respectively excepted,

shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Westminster, and be made Part of the Fund called The Confolidated Fund.

XI.	And be it further enabled. That all and every the Powers, Powers of

Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and f(>r™<*r A^f' Things, which, in and by an A61 made in the Twelfth Year of the ^ ^ Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Aft for taking away '	‘

the Court of Wards, and Liveries and Tenures in Capite, and by

Knight*s Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majzjlj) in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife upon imported Liquors, are provided and eftablilhed for managing, raising, levying, coHe&ing, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such cases for which other Penalties or Provifions are made and preferibed by this A 61) shall be practised, used and put in Execution, in and for the managing, railing* levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering and paying the laid Duty hereby granted upon Common Glafs Bottles, as fully and cfFeCtually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in this prefeut A61.

CAP. XCVIII.

An A61 to empower the Auditor General of the Accounts in Spain and Portugal to examine Accounts of Public Ex. penditure in France.	[18th	July 1814.]

* WJ PEREAS an A£t was pafTed in the Fifty third Year of the ^ q. c>

4 W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for the 4 more speedy and ejfeftual Examination and Audit of the Accounts of 4 MiFilary Expenditure in Spain and Portugal; for removing Delays 4 in puffing the Public Accounts ; and for making new Arrangements 4 for conducting the Bujinefs of the Audit Office : And W hereas,

4 since the palling of the said A6t, the Forces of His Majesty have

4 carried on Military Operations in the Territory of France; and

4 h is therefore expedient that Provifion should be made for examining

4 the Accounts of Public Expenditure in that Country;’ Be it

therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,	.	,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the fame, That the Auditor General of Accounts of Auditor Gener..*

the Public Expenditure iu Spain and Portugal, for the time being, ot Accounts^

shall and may have and exercise with refpeCf to the Accounts of pobl!c Expends

Public Expenditure in France, all and every the Powers and Autho- Portugal toVxi-

rities which are given to and veiled in him by virtue of the said A61, m;ne Accounts

with respect to the Accounts of Public Expenditure in Spain and of Public K*pe»-

Portugal, and shall and mav execute the fame Duties with refpe£l dituiein France.

tl h 3	to





47®

A. D.1814

Auditors to rafs Account* that have been eumineti.

44 O. 3. c. x-

•entinued

C. 7 *»tC*

C.98, 99, 100.	54s GEO. III.

to the Examination of the Accounts of Public Expenditure in France, which already has been or may hereafter be incurred, as he is authorized by the said A6t to execute with respect to the Examination of the Accounts of Public Expenditure in Spain and Portugal.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commilftoners for auditing the Public Accounts to proceed in making up and palling any Accounts of Public Expenditure in France, which have been previoully examined by the said Auditor General, in like manner as they may proceed by virtue of the said ACl in making up and palling the Accounts of Public Expenditure in Spain and Portugal.

CAP. XC1X.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, an A£l of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Rc-ftriclions contained in several Acts of His present Majesty on Payments of Cafh by the Bank of England.

[18th Julx 1814.]

4 \ \ WHEREAS an Aft was pafTed in the Forty fourth Year of 4 V V the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to con-4 tinue until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty 4 of Peace, the Refiridions contained in several Adi made in the Thirty 4 seventh, Thirty eighth, Forty second and Forty third Yean of the 4 Reign of Iiis present Majesty on Payments of Cajh by the Batik of 4 England : And Whereas it is expedient that the Provifion of the 4 said Act should be further continued May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enaffed by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTemhled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Aff shall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty lilth Day cf March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, [4See as to Bank of Ireland, c. 130. pfiF\

CAP. C.

An A cl to repeal the Schedule annexed to an Aflof the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, by which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugars exported from Ireland are to be afeertained, and to substitute another Schedule in lieu thereof; and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Sugar, Co flee and other Articles, the Produce of Martinique, Al aritgalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eufiatia, Saint Martin and Saba, under the fame Duties and Regulations, as similar Articles of the British Plantations ; to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

[18th July 1814.]

• TT T HE REAS by an A 61 palled in this present Seffion of 4 V V Parliament, intituled An Ad to continue until the Twenty % fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and to

II	4	amend



C. 100.

4/i

540 GEO. III.

*	amend an Ad for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on )the

*	Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, certain Drawbacks and Bounties 4 were allowed on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland\ according

4 to the Provilions of an A61 made in the Forty seventh Year of His 47 G.3. S ir. r.

*	prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to provide more effectually c- 'V*

*	for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of 4 Sugar from Ireland ; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to 4 be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One 4 thousand eight hundred and eight, as amended by subsequent Adis :

4 And Whereas an Alteration hath been made with rcfpedl to the 4 Periods at which the Average Prices of Brown or Mufcovado 4 Sugar are to be taken and published in the London Gazette ; and 4 it is expedient that the Schedule and Table of Drawbacks and 4 Bounties annexed to the said recited Acl of the Forty seventh 4 Year should be repealed, and that another Schedule and Table 4 should be enacted in lieu thereof :9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enadlea ; and be it enabled by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and Schedule of after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, 47G.3. SelHi. the Schedule annexed to the said recited Atl of the Forty seventh Repealed and in. Year of His Majefty’s Reign, shall be and the fame is hereby re- ftcad thereof pealed ; and that instead and in lieu thereof the Schedule to this A Cl Schedule an-annexed shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand nexed used. eight hundred and fourteen, be con (trued and taken to be the

Schedule according to which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported from Ireland shall be paid or allowed, except as hereinafter is provided.

II.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained Dedudlion no shall extend or be conllrued to extend to alter or repeal the Deduc- ™aile from tion heretofore made from the Bounty or Drawback to be paid on ex0,orted^n Sugar when exported from Ireland in any other than a Briti/h VefTel, Veflelsuot owned, navigated and regillered according to Law, as directed by British.

the said recited Adi of the Forty seventh (a) Year of His present Majefty’s Reign.	(a)	[47 G. 3. Seff. 1. c. 19. § 4.]

III.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said ^°^„r™'vbaCkS Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the aicertained. Drawback or Bounty to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of

Sugar from Ireland shall be regulated and afeertained in manner following ; that is to fay, that whenever in the Publication of the Dublin Gazette^ containing Notice of the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, inserted in the London Gazette, published on the Saturday which shall happen next after the Firil Wcdnefday in May, the Fir it Wednefday in Augufi, the First IVednefday in November One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Firfi Wednefday in January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, it shall appear that the Average Price of such Sugar, afeertained and taken in manner preferibed by Law in Great Britain, shall be at any of the Average Prices flated in the Schedule to this Adi annexed, exclusive of the Duties paid or payable on the Importation thereof; then and in every such case the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to this A & annexed, mentioned as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the London and Dublin Gazettes shall have been H h 4	given





4/2

C.loo.

54 GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

When Bounty on Refined Sugar to take place.

given asaforesaid, shall be paid or allowed on Exportation (except to Great Britain), of the several Sorts of Sugar mentioned in the said Schedule, until Notice of any other Average Price, published in the London Gazette on any of such Saturdays before mentioned shall be inserted in the Dublin Gazette (fave and except the Notice required to be given in the London Gazette on the Saturday which shall happen next after the Fir ft Wedncfday in January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen ; which la ft mentioned Notice shall continue in force, and shall regulate the said Bounties and Drawbacks, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and no longer); and such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like manner in every respect, and subject and under and according to such Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks and Bounties are paid and allowed under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland relating to Drawbacks and Bounties at the time of the passing of this Aft, except in so far as the fame are altered by this Aft, or any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Bounty by this Aft granted on Refined Sugar exported from Ireland shall not take effect or be paid or allowed on any such Sugar which shall be shipped for Exportation on or before the Fifth Day of Augvjl One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, but that the said Bounty on Refined Sugar exported from Ireland shall he paid or allowed on such Sugar only as shall be shipped for Exportation after the said Fifth Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; any thing contained in this Aft or in the Schedule hereunto annexed to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided, nevertheless, that nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, vary or repeal the additional Bounty payable on the Exportation from Ireland of Sugar being Doubled Refined; anything herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And Whereas Doubts may arise in certain cases respecting the Duty that would be chargeable on Raw or Clayed Sugar of the Produce of the British Plantations, or of the Iflands of Martiniqvet Mariegalanttj Saint Martin, Saint Eujlatia and Saha9 exported from the Warehoufe in which any such Sugar shall have been fecured

Duty payable on on Importation into Ireland; Be it therefore enacted and declared,

D.....™....J That, from and after the passing of this Aft, any such Sugar fo

warehoused, on which the Duties of Cuftoms shall not have been paid, which shall be exported or shipped for Exportation from any such Warehouse, shall be subject and liable only to the Payment of such Portion of the Duties of Cuftoms due and payable on the Importation of such Sugar as is specified and mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed.

Sugar, &c. Pro- VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said duct ion of Mar- Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, any unique, fee. «d- Sugar, Coffee or other Articles, being of the Growth, Produftion or as !ike At tides Manufafture of any or either of the Iflands of Martinique, Marie-gal ante9 Guadalouse, Saint Eujlatia, Saint Martin and Saba, imported into Ireland, shall and may be admitted to Entry in Ireland^ on Payment of such and the like Duties of Cuftoms, and no other, as are or may be due and payable on the like Articles of the Growth, Produftion or Manufafture of the British Plantations;

and

Not to Double Re-liued Sugar.

Raw or Clayed Sugar exported,

imported from British Pbnia-

v^ooQle

C. ioo.

47J

and all such Sugar, Coffee atid other Articles, shall on Exportation

from Ireland be subject to such and the like Duties, and entitled to

such and the like Drawbacks and Bountks, as the like Articles being

of the Growth, Produdion or Manufadure of the British Plantations

are or may be subject or liable or entitled to, and all such Goods fhall

in every other respect be subject and liable to all and every the

Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Reftridions, to which any fuch

Articles being of the Growth, Produdion or Manufadure of the

jBritifh Plantations are or may be subject or liable to 5 any thing in

an Ad pa(Ted in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present J3 G. 3.0.104.

Majessy, intituled An Ad to prevent the Entry into Ireland for Home

Confumption of Sugar the Produce or Manufadure of Martinique,

Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Euftatia, Saint Martin and Saba, at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable upon Sugar not of the British Plantations, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided also, that any Sugar, Coffee or other Pm*ifo. Articles, of the Growth, Produdion or Manufadure of any of the said lstands, which have been or may be secured in Warehoufes in Ireland, and on which the Home Confumption Duties shall not have been paid, shall and may be delivered from any such Warehoufe for Home Confumption on Payment of such and the like Duties of Cuiloms, and no other, as at the time any such Goods shall be so taken out of any such Warehoufe shall be due and payable on the like Defcription of Goods of the Growth, production or Manufadure of the British Plantations.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That this Ad shall continue Continuance of in force until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and A6t. fifteen.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be altered. Ad altered*** amended or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be pafTcd in this Sei&on

of Parliament.

SCHE-





ft

o



n

>

to

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

PRICES of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar at which Drawbacks, Bounties and Duties are payable.	Drawback to be allowed on Sugar of the British Plantations exported in the fame State in which itwas imported, and Bounty on Refined Sugar, being Ground or Powdered Sugar.	Bounty on Refined Sugar called B iftards,or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces.	Bounty on other Refined Sugar in Loaf, complete and whole, or Lump duly refined.	Portion of DUTY to be paid on SUGAR the Produce of the British Plantations, or of the Iflands of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Euftatia, Saint Martin and Saba, upon the Entry thereof from the Warehoufe to be shipped for the Purpofe of Exportation to any Place,  * except Great Britain.		
					Exported in a	
					Britilh Ship.	Foreign Ship.
If the Average Price of Brown‘d or Mufcovado Sugar pub- / lifhed in the London Ga- > xette shall not exceed 45s 1 the Cwt. - - J	Britilh Currency. -£• '•  196	Britilh Currency. £• '• *  1 14 6	Britilh Currency. £• '• d*  »ij ■ |	Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, the Cwt.  White or Clayed the Cwt.	Brililh Currency, £■ '• *  006  056	Britifh Currency. £■ '■ ‘d.  Ol6 0 6 6
If it shall exceed 45 s. and not? exceed 58s. the Cwt. $	196	196	2 10 I |	Brown or Mufcovado the Cwt. White or Clayed the Cwt.	006  056	Ol6 0 6 6
If it shall exceed 58s. and not ? exceed 60a. the Cwt. J	i 7 6	1 7 6	* 5 8 |	Brown or Mufcovado the Cwt White or Clayed the Cwt.	0 a 6  076	036 0 8 6
If it shall exceed 60s. and net ? exceed 62s. the Cwt. 3	* 5 6	1 5 6	1 19 9 j	Brown or Mufcovado the Cwt. White or Clayed the Cwt.	046  096	056 0 10 6
If it shall exceed 6 is. the Cwt.	1 3 6	| 136	I 15 4 j	f  1 Brown or Mufcovado the Cwt. j White or Clayed the Cwt.	066 0 11 6	0 7 6  0126

AU the above Prices are to be taken in British Currency, exclusive of ilvi Duties of Cuftoms paid or payable on the Import.ition of such Sugar.

O

o

o

OH

o

w

O

>

a

54° GEO- III.

C. IOI, 102.

47 S

CAP. CI.

An Adi for the more effectual Prevention of Child Stealing.

[r8th July 1814.]

• TT 7 HE REAS the Pradlice of carrying away young Children, 4 V V by forcible or fraudulent means, from their Parents or

•	other Perfons having the Care and Charge or Ciillodv of them,-4 commonly called Child Stealing, has of late much prevailed and

•	increafed : And Whereas no adequate Punifhment is as yet pro-4 vided by Law in England or Ireland for so heinous an Offence Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Perfon or Perfonq, from and after the pafling of this Adi, shall maliciously, either by Force or Fraud, lead, take or carry away, or decoy or entice away, any Child under the Age of Ten Years, with Intent to deprive its Parent or Parents, or any other Perfon having the lawful Care or Charge of such Child of the Poffeflion of -fuch Child, by concealing and detaining such Child from such Parent or Parents, or other Perfon or Perfons having the lawful Care or Charge of it 5 or with Intent to Ileal any Article of Apparel or Ornament, or othtfr Thing of Value or Ufe, upon or about the Perfon of such Child, to whomsoever such Article may belong ; or shall receive and harbour with any such Intent as aforesaid any such Child, knowing the fame to have been so by Force or Fraud led, taken, or carried, or decoyed or enticed away as aforesaid ; every such Perfon or Perfons, and his, her and their Counfellors, Procurors, Aiders and Abettors, Ihall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and liable to all such Pains, Penalties, Puni foments and Forfeitures, as by the Laws now in force may be inflicted upon, or are incurred by Perfons convicted of Grand Larceny.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing in this Adi Ihall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Perfon who shall have claimed to be the Father of an illegitimate Child, or to have any Right or Title in Law to the Poffeflion of such Child, on account of his getting Poffeflion of such Child, or taking such Child out of the Poffeflion of the Mother thereof, or other Perfon or Perfons having the lawful Charge thereof.

III.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Adi Ihall not extend, or be construed to extend, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. CII.

An Adi to continue, until the End of the next Seflion of Parliament, several Adis relating to the British White Herring Filhery.	[x8th	July	1814.]

*	\\J HEREAS an Adi was palled in the Forty eighth Year of 1 W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for

*	the further Encouragement and better Regulation of the British White 1 Herring Fijhery until the Firjl Day of June One thousand eight 1 hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the End of the then next

• Se~





Perfons offending again It Ad, fuhjed to Penalties usually inflicted on Per-fons guilty of Grand Larceny.

Not to affect Fathers of illegitimate Children.

Not to extend to Scotland.

48 G. 3. c. 120.

47 6	C. 102, 103. 540 GEO. III. A.D. 1814.

*	SeJJlon of Parliament : And Whereas another Ad was passed in the 51 G. 3. c.ioi. « Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An

4 AS for amending an A3 of the Forty eighth Tear of His present 4 MajeJly, for regulating the British White Herring Fijbery : And 5a G.3. c. 153. 4 Whereas another Ad was passed in the Fifty second Year of the

*	Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS to reSify a 4 Mistake, and to carry into more effeSual Execution the Purpofes 4 of an AS made in the lajl SeJJion of Parliament, relating to the 4 British White Herring Fijbery : And Whereas it is expedient that the said A61s should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That

continued. the said Ads shall continue in force until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament; and that all Letters Patent, Rules, Regulations, Orders and Diredions, granted, made or given under or by virtue of the said Ads, or any or either of them, and in force at the time of palling this Ad, shall be good and effectual, and remain and continue in force during the Continuance of this Ad, or unless and until any of them shall be altered, varied or annulied, under any of the Powers or Authorities of the (aid Ads or this Ad.

cap. cm.

55 0.3. c.135.

An Ad to grant until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, certain Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Ireland from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaf Indies/ and to eftablilh further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported*. [18th July 1814.]

4 Moll Gracious Sovereign,

4 TTTHEREAS an Ad passed in the last Seffion of Parliament,

*	VV intituled An AS for continuing in the Eafl India Company,

*	for a further Term, the PoJfeJJion of the British Territories in India,

*	together with certain cxclujtvc Privileges ; for cjlabliflnng further 4 Regulations for the Government of the feud Territories, and the better 4 Adminiftration of Jujlice within the fame ; and for regulating the 4 Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Com-4 panyfs Charter : And Whereas it is necessary in order to carry the 4 said Ad into Efled, according to the true Intent and Meaning 4 thereof, as far as respects that Part of the United Kingdom called 4 Ireland, that Provifions and Regulations should be established, and 4 that Duties should be imposed on Goods so imported into Ireland, 4 whether by the said United Company, or by other Perfons under 4 the Authority of the said Ad ;* We, Your Majelly’s most dutiful and loyal Subjeds, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, have therefore given and granted to Your Majesty the several Duties of Cuftoms hereinafter mentioned; and do humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

hv





477

by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Fifth Day of Duties and

July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and during the Con- Drawbacks fpe-

tinuance of this Ad, there shall be granted, raised, levied, colleded

and paid unto His Majessy, his Heirs and Succefiors,1 upon Goods, J^cl psicU * *

Wares and Merchandize imported or brought into Ireland from any

Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the

several Duties of Cufloms as the fame are respectively inserted, def-

cribed and fet forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked

(A.) and (B.), and there shall also be paid or allowed the feveral

Drawbacks of the (aid Duties of Cufloms, as the fame are alfo

rcfpedively inserted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the faid

Tables hereunto annexed, marked (B.) ; and that the said Duties

and Drawbacks shall be in lieu of all former Duties and Drawbacks

upon such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes so imported under or by

virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, immediately before the

palling of this Ad, except only such Duties as shall be applicable or

appropriated to any local Purpofes by any Ad or Ads by which the

fame are imposed refpediveiy.

II.	And be it further enacted. That whenever it shall happen that When any Do. any of the Duties of Cufloms or Excife in Great Britain, granted or ties ‘hall cease to made payable by any Ad in force in Great Britain, at the time of the passing of thia Aft, upon any Articles on which any Duty is imposed by this Ad, or the Schedule hereto annexed, or any Part of Duties (hail cease such Duties in Great Britain, shall cease or determine, or be repealed, to be payable in or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, Provifion shall Ireland, be made that so much of the Duties of Cufloms granted by this Ad, and made payable in Ireland, as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine, or be repealed as aforesaid, in Great Britain, shall in like manner cease or determine, or be repealed, and shall not be payable in Ireland, at any time after the time when such Duties of Cufloms or Excife shall cease or determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, and the Duties of Cufloms made payable by this Ad shall be reduced accordingly:

Provided always, that no such Redudion shall take place on any pr0vifo.

Article mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, which shall not under this Ad pay a Duty in Ireland, equal in Amount to the Duty of Cuiloms and Excife payable on the like Article in Great Britain.

* III. And Whereas it is expedient that Goods, Wares and Mer-‘ chandize legally imported into that Part of the United Kingdom ‘ called Great Britain^ from any Port or Place within the Limits ‘ of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of 1 England trading to the East Indies, should be allowed to be itn-‘ ported into Ireland directly from Great Britain ;* Be it therefore Goods m>ported J enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thou-^ into c. B. im-fand eight hundred and fourteen, any such Goods, Wares or Mer- P°rtcd from chandize, so imported as aforesaid into Great Britain, shall and may jane£ce lnt0 r^" be imported directly from thence into any of those Ports in Ireland which shall have been or may be declared fit and proper for the safe Cuftody of such Goods ; and all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize so imported into Ireland, shall be subject and liable to such and the like Duties on Importation, and entitled to such and the like Drawbacks on Exportation, as the like Articles would be fubjed





A.D.1814.

C. ioj.

54° GEO. III.

Duties payable in British Currency,

Conl'olidated

Fund.

Duties nccording to Weight and Quantity, fcc.of Goods.

Goods secured in approved Ware-houles may afterwards b« exported on Payment of Waie-houfing Duties.

When Goods intended to be taken out of Warehoufe (or Home Con-fumption, Entry shall be made with proper Officer, and Duty paid.

and liable to if imported directly into Ireland, from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Eafl India Company; and all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall in every other respect be subject and liable to the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Limitations and Conditions, and the fame Penalties and Forfeitures, and shall and may be warehoused under the fame Regulations, Securities and Conditions, as such Goods, Wares or Merchandize would be subject and liable or entitled to if the fame had been imported into Ireland, directly from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United East India Company, except so far only as is otherwise directed by this Aft.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That the several Duties of Cuftoms by this A61 imposed, and the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by this Aft, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, and recovered and recoverable, according to the Amount thereof, in Britifb Currency ; and that all and every the Duties by this Aft imposed shall be carried to and made Part of jthe Confolidated Fund of Ireland.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted and imposed by this Aft, and made payable according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, Meafure or Value of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize charged with such Duties, shall be charged and payable upon any greater or less Weight, Number, Quantity or Value thereof, than the Weight, Number, Quantity or Value particularly inserted, dc-feribed and fet forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (BA, in proportion to the actual Weight, Number, Quautityor Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietor or Proprietors, Purchafcr or Purchafers of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which having been imported from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and secured in approved Warehouses, and on which Goods the Duties imposed by this Aft, under the Defcription of Warehoufing Duties, as the fame are respectively deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), shall have been paid or secured, to export the fame directly from any such Warehoufe without Payment of any further Duty of Cuftoir.s or Excife whatever; subject nevertheless to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Securities directed and required by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland, on or immediately before the pafling of this Act, as far as the fame are applicable.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Proprietor or Proprietors, Purchafer or Purchafers of any such Goods, Wares qr Merchandize imported as aforesaid (not being prohibited to be ufedor consumed in Ireland)> on which the Duties imposed by this Aft, under the Defcription of Warehoufing Duties, shall have been paid, shall intend to take the fame out of the Warehoufe w herein the fame shall have been lodged’ as aforesaid, in order to be used or consumed in Ireland, the Perfon or Perfons so intending to take out any such Goods shall, before the fame shall be so delivered from any such Warehouse, make a due Entry of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize with the proper Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms and Port Duties in Inland\ and pay down in ready Money to the Collector or other

proper





479

A.D. 1814.	54°	GEO. III.	C. 103.

proper Officer or Officers of the said Cufloms, the fall Duties due and payable on such Goods, as the fame are respectively deferibed and let forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.), under the Defcription of Home Confumption Duties, together with such Duties of Excife and other Duties as may be due and payable on such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, at the time the fame shall be taken out of such Warehouse, in order to be used or consumed in Ireland,

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Goods imported Goods, Wares or Merchandize, contained and specified in the Tables into Ireland

to this Ad annexed, and which shall have been imported into Great fron\G B t0 Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter paired?iTT*bie granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading r if not ware-to the East Indies, shall at any time after the Fifth Day of July One housed; but if thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and during the Continuance of warehoused, this Ad, be imported into Ireland from Great Britain, it shall and Goods liable to may be lawful for the Importer of such Goods, Wares and Merchan- o/^xTueA0" dize to import such Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Ireland, upon Payment of the Duties mentioned and expressed in the Table (B.) to this Ad annexed, without warehoufmg such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and without the fame being subject to the Duties mentioned in Table (A.) to this Ad annexed : Provided always, that if any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be imported into Ireland, and shall be secured in Warehouses, that then such Goods,

Wares and Merchandize shall be subject and liable to the Duties mentioned, specified and contained in the said Table (A.)

IX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the several In what case Drawbacks to be paid or allowed on the Exportation from Ireland of Drawbacks in certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as the fame are respectively Tall,e B*not *1* deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, owcd# marked (B.), shall not be paid or allowed, unless such Goods {ball

be exported or shipped for the Purpofe of Exportation within Twelve Calendar Months from the Day on which the Home Confumption Duty shall have been paid thereon.

X.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Provifo for Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or 39 & 4° G- 3* alter any of the Provifions contained in Two Ads for the Union of c-67*

Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majefly’s Reign, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majelly’s Reign, or any other Ad 40	(*•)

or Ads in force on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July c'3 *

One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by which any Goods,

Ware3 or Merchandize imported into Ireland from Great Britain, or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize exported from Ireland to Great Britain (other than and except such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall have been imported into Great Britain from any Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said East India Company ), are made to remain liable to or are charged with or exempted from any Duties of Cufloms, whether Countervailing or other, or by which any Drawback or Bounties are allowed or given, in respect of any such Goods,

Wires or Merchandize.

XI.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Provifo for

this Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter former Attsre-

*	or	latine to Dutivs

r ofExcile.



4$o

Good* not imported or exported contrary tp former A&s, except where othei wile provided.

A<5U for fccur-ing Revenue, &c. to extend to A €U

Duty on Sugar regulated by Average Price* of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar.

C. 103.	j4°	GEQ. HI.	AJ). 1? 14.

or repeal any Aft or Afta of Parliament in force on pr immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by which Duties of Excife are impofedop any Article imported or brought into or used or consumed in Ireland:, :pr by which any Securities, Rules, Regulations or Reftriftions, are jnade qr provided for the securing any of the Duties of Excife 5 but tKa4 the fame shall remain in full Force and Effest, as if this Aft hid not been made.	,,

XII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extendi to permit or allow any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatsoever to be imported into or exported from Ireland, in any way or manner contrary to any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force within Ireland* on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, except in any case where Provifion is expressly made £qr that Purpofe by this Aft, or by the before recited Aft passed in the lad Seflion of Parliament.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Aft 9f Parliamest in force in Ireland, on or immediately before the said Fifth Day qf July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions or Reftriftions were made, eftabliihed or dirested, for the remitting or allowing of any Dedudion of any Duties on account of Damage, or for the better securing the Revenue of Cudoms, or for the regular Importation into or Exportation from Ireland, or the bringing or carrying Coadwife, or from »y Port to Port within Ireland* or the entering, landing or Hupping qf any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Aft; and all Frovlfens, Clauses, Matters and Things relating thereto shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force andL Effest, and shall he applied to the subject of this Aft, and for carrying the fame into Execution, as fully and eifeftually as if they had been repeated and re-enafted in this Aft.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That whenever in the publication of the Dublin Gazette* containing Notice of the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar for the Four Months preceding the Fird Wednefday in January* or preceding the Fird Weduefdaj in May* or preceding the Fird Wednefday in September* in every Year, as ascertained and taken in manner preferibed by Law in Qrcet Britain* and inserted in the London Gazette* it shall appear that the Average Price of such Sugar so ascertained and taken for the preceding Four Months in England* shall exceed Sixty Shillings the Hundred Weight, then and in such case One Shilling in the Hub-dred Weight, Part of the Duty on East India Sugar, wippfed Table (B.l annexed to this Aft, shall be suspended until a Notice of a new Average Price shall be publi(hed in manner aforesaid \ tad if such Average Price shall exceed the Sum of Sixty one Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Two Shillings in the Hundred Weight, Part of the said Duty, shall be suspended, and in like manner, if such Average Price shall exceed Sixty two Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Three Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the laid Duty shall be suspended; if such Average Price shall exceed Sixty three Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Four Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be fulpendecl; if fuch

Average

L.ooQle

540 geo. nr.

C. 103.

481

Average Price shall exceed Sixty four Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Five Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be suspended 5 it such Average Price shall exceed Sixty five Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Six Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty (hail be suspended ; if such Average Price (hiR exceed Sixty fix Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Seven Stuffings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be suspended ; if such Average Price shall exceed Sixty seven Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Eight Shillings in the Hundred Weight df the said Duty shall be suspended 5 if such Average Price shall exceed Sixty eignt Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Nine Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty shall be suspended 5 and if such Average Price (nail exceed Sixty nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Ten Shillings in the Hundred Weight, Part of the (aid Duty, shall be suspended.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That whenever at any time Treafurymay during the Continuance of the additional Duty of Twenty five fafpendPayment Pbunas per Cent. imposed by this Aft, the Lord High Treasurer or of cfrttin **ro* Commifnoners of the Treafnry in Ireland shall be authorized under	su	jr

and by virtue of an Aft made in the Forty sixth Year of His present o 3. c.6i. Majefty*8 Reign, for granting to His Majesty until the Twenty ninth § 6.

Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fix, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar and Tea, into and from Ireland, to fulpend the Payment of One, Two Or Three Shillings, Part of the Duty on Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, in the manner and according to the Proportions in the said Aft mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby required in like manner and in like Proportions to suspend the Payment of One Shilling, Two Shillings or Three Shillings on every Hundred Weight of East India Sugar imported into Ireland, Part of the said Duty of Twenty five Pounds per Cent. additional on such Sugar under this Aft.

4 XVI. And Whereas certain Bounties are allowed on the Ex-4 partition of Refined Sugar produced from Raw Sugar imported 4 from the British Plantations in America : And Whereas it is ex-4 pedient that the like Bounties should be allowed on the Expor-4 tation from Ireland of Refined Sugar produced from Sugar 4 imported by the said United Company of Merchants of England 4 trading to the East Indies, or by Perfons authorized to trade within 4 the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United Company Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July Bounty allowed One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, there shall be paid and «n Exportation allowed on the Exportation from Ireland of any Refined Sugar, the of Refiiwd Manufacture of any Part of the United Kingdom, produced from Sugar imported from any Place within the Limits of the Charter son, gift granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading indies, to the East Indies, the like Bounty as is now or hereafter may be allowed by Law on the Exportation from Ireland of the like Sort or Defcriptkm of Refined Sugar produced from Raw Sugar, imported from the British Plantations in America, subject in every respect to the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and For-festures, now by Law practised and applied with respect to the Bounty allowed on the Exportation of Refined Sugar.

54 Gao. III.	1 i	XVII.	And

* ^ooQie

A.D.1814

48 z

[Drawback allowed on Exportation of Sugar that has paid Duty.

How Value of Goods afrertain-ed, where Duties are charged on Value.

46 G j. e. 87.

45G.3. e.18.

Goods imported secured in Ware-houfes approved by CommifTion-ers of Cuftoms.

C. 103.	54°	GEO. III.

XVII.	And be it further enaAed, That on the due Exportation from Ireland of any Sugar, on which the Home Confumption Duty imposed by this. A & shall have been paid, the Exporter or Exporters thereof shall be entitled to such and the like Drawbacks, as shall be allowed at the time of such Exportation on Brown or Mufcovado Sugar of the Produce of the Britifb Plantations exported from Ireland: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to impose any Duty on such Sugar, when taken out of the Warehoufe for Exportation only.

XVIII.	And be it further .enacted, That in all cases where the Duties of Cuftoms imposed by this AA on the Goods, Wares or Merchandize, enumerated and described in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize refped-ively, which shall be imported into any Port of Ireland, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United East India Company, shall be ascertained according to the Declaration of the Value thereof, in like Manner and Form, and under the like Rules, Regulations, Reftridtions and Conditions, and such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be subject and liable to such and the like Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, direAed and imposed, for ascertaining and colleAing Duties to be paid according to the Value by an Adi passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS more esse finally to regulate the Col• lefiion of the Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandise, imported or exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances and Drawbacks thereon, and by an Adi or A As in force on or immediately before the palling of this Adi, so far as the fame are applicable thereto ; and that the Value of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into Ireland from Great Britain, and the Price of all Teas so imported, shall be ascertained in like Manner and Form, and under the like Rules, Regulations, Reftridlions and Conditions, as are mentioned and contained in an Adi made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fix, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise, imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, so far as relates to the better ascertaining the Prices of Teas, and the Value of Goods, Wares and Merchandize so imported into Ireland, from Great Britain, and which had been imported into Great Britain by the said United East India Company.

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United East India Company, into any of the Ports in Ireland, which shall have been or may be declared fit and proper for the Purpofe of such Importation under the Rules, Regulations and Provifions of the before recited AA passed in the last Seiuon of Parliament, either by the said United Company or by any Perfon or Perfons so trading under the Authority of the before recited AA passed in the last Sefiion of Parliament and of this present A A, shall be lodged and secured in Warehouses approvedby the Com-miflioners of the Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Three

or



A.D. 1814.	540	GEO.	III.	C.	103.	483

or more of them, for the time being, subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Securities and Provifions directed and required by an Aft pulled m the Forty eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled 48 G.3. c. 32. An Ad to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being JirJl paidf or by any other Aft (a) or Afts of Parliament made for amending or explaining the laid A61 in force on or immediately before the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.	(a) [See$oG,$. r.38.]

* XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing con- Duties pai l pre-tained in the said last recited Aft palled in the Forty eighth Year of vlf°p ^D!''vcr^ His present Majefty’s Reign, or in anyother Aft or Acts of Parliament Warehouse.0™ made for amending or explaining the said Act, shall extend or be con-ftrued to extend to exempt any of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize so warehoused as aforesaid, from the Payment of the Duties of Cuf-toms imposed by this A6t, or any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as the fame are respectively described and fet forth in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), under the Head of Warehoufing Duties : which Duties shall and may be paid at any time previous to the Delivery of any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize from such Warehouse, either for the Purpofe of Exportation or Home Con-fumption.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Arts for*pro-* in this A61 or in the hereinbefore recited Aft patted in the last Se£ Hii«ting.Uie of fion of Parliament, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter,	he'”

vary or repeal any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on or imme- i.,nd to remal~; diately before the patting of this Aft, for prohibiting the Confump- in force, tion or Ufe of any Foreign Manufafture within Ireland; but that all and singular the laid Afts, and the Provisions, Penalties and Regulations therein contained respectively, shall remain and continue of the fame Force and Effeft to ail Intents and Purposes, as if this Aft and the said before recited A61 patted in the last Seflion of Parliament had not been made 5 any thing contained in the said recited Aft or this Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XXII. And Whereas it is necelfary for the Security of the Regulations of-

*	Public Revenue, that additional Regulations Ihould be established *7^.3. (1.)

*	with respect to Manifefts directed to be brought by Matters of Ships exce^where* 1

*	or Veflels arriving in Ireland from any Port or Place within the altered by A6t.

*	Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants

*	of England trading to tne East Indies, from His Majefty’s Settlement

*	of the Cape of Good Hopey the Territories and Dependences there-4 of, or from the Illand of Saint Helena ;’ Be it therefore enacted.

That, from and after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, the Matter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship , or Vettel belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majefty’s Subjefts arriving in Ireland from any of the Places afore mentioned, shall have on board a Mani-feft or Manifefts as described and directed by an Aft patted in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad for regulating the Produdion of Mankfejls, and for more esse dually preventing fraudulent Pradices in obtaining Drawbacks and Bounties, and in the clandejline Relanding of Goods, and shall produce and deliver such Manifeft or Manifefts in the manner prescribed by* the said recited Aft ; and that all the Rul6s,

Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures required and

I i 2	dyrefted

^ L.ooQle

484

Defcription of Manifeft delivered in Ireland.

*7 G-3. (t) c. 28.

Alterations of Stowage of Goods noted in Log Book, and in Supplementary Man if eft.

Manifeft of Goods laden bow delivered and authenticated.

Oath.

Duplicate.

C. 103.	54°GEO.IIL	A.D.1614.

direded by the (kid recited Ad shall remain tn force, and be applied to the Purpofes of this present Ad, as far as they relate or nay be applicable thereto, except where any of the fend Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures are repealed or in any wifi altered by this Ad.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after tbs said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, ho Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be imported or brought into Ireland from any of the Ports or Places before mentioned, ft any Ship or Veffel whatever belonging in the Whole or in Part t6 His Majefty’s Subjeds, unless the Matter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Veffel ropcc-tively, shall have on board a Manifeft or Manifefts in Writing, signed by such Mafter, and containing the Particulars deferibed and fet forth in the said recited Ad passed in Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign ; and which Manifeft or Manifefti shall also contain the Name or Names (if the fame shall be known) of the Perfon to whom any such Goods shall be con signed, the tins when, and the Place where any such Goods shall have been taken otr board, and diftingui(hing in every such Manifeft the GoodB which are (towed in the Hold from thole which are (towed in other Parts of the Ship.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That ah Alterations which shall, after the completing of any such Manifest, be made in the Stowage of any Ship or Veffel, by the Removal of any Goods from the Hold to any other Part of the Ship, or from any other Part of the Veffel to the Hold, or from any one Deck of the Veffel to any other Deck, shall be registered on the Day of such Removal ft the Log Book or Journal kept by the Mafter of the Veffel, and also in a supplementary Manifeft which shall be kept for the Purpofe of registering any such Alterations in the Stowage of Goods by any such Removals as aforesaid, and every such supplementary Manifeft shall be attached to and kept with the original Manifeft to which it refers.

XXV.	And be it further enacted. That before any such Ship or Veffel shall dear or depart from the Port or Place wherein the Lading or any Part thereof shall have been taken on board, the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Veffel (nail prepare and deliver a Manifeft in Writing as hereinbefore required, to the Officer who shall or may be appointed by the Governor, or by the Perfon or Perfons exerctfing the Powers and Authorities of Government, of any such Settlement or Place; and such Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Veffel, shall verify upon Oath the Truth of the Contents of the said Manifeft before the said Officer so appointed (which Oath the said Officer is hereby authorised and required to adminifter); and such Officer shall also caufc a Duplicate thereof to be forthwith made, and shall indorse upon the Original Manifeft his Name, with the Day and Year on which the fame was produced to him, which said Original Manifeft (haU then be returned to the said Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Veflel on or before the Clearing or Departure of any such Ship or Veffel $ and such Officer so appointed as aforesaid. shall, by the first Opportunity other than by the wfrbe Ship or Veffel, transmit the fiud Duplicate of such Manifeft so made as

DigiJ^by Goode	*****

4 «S

A«Dt 1814.

540 GEO. III.

C. 103.

before directed, under hit Hand and Sbal, to the Cbmmiffionert of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That every Lifts of Mark* Perfon who shall ship any Goods, Wares or Merchandize on board tnd Numbers of any such Ship or Veflel, shall at the time of such Shipment deliver Plages deli-to the Mailer or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Com- ?Goodl mand of such Ship or Veffd, a true and exabl Lift in Writing, P

hgned with the Name of the Perfon so (hipping any such Goods,

Ware* or Merchandize, describing therein the particular Marks and Numbers of the several Packages; and such Matter or other Perfon as aforesaid shall insert in the Manifeft of such Ship or Veflel the Particulars contained in such Lift, and shall annex such Original Lift to the Duplicate of the Manifeft hereinbefore described and required to be tranfmkted to the said Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Dudes.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That m case the Matter or Manifeft of

Whole or any Pajt of the Cargo shall have been first taken on jn^ix^^urt

board, shall proceed in such Ship or Veflel to any other Port or Cated.

Place hereinbefore described, and there discharge any Part of the Cargo so taken on board, then and in such case the Officer so appointed as aforesaid shall indorse upon the Manifeft containing the Part of the Cargo so discharged, an accurate Particular by Numbers, Marks ana Defcriptions of the Part of the Cargo so dif-charged, and shall verify the fame, and make out and tranunit a Duplicate of such Indorfement as required in cases of Manifest; and in <afe any such Matter or other Perfon aforesaid shall at such or any other Port or Place take on board anv other Goods, Wares ana Merchandize, the said Matter shall before his Clearance or Departure from any such Port or Place prepare and deliver to the Officer who may be appointed as aforesaid to receive the fame, an additional Additional Manifest, containing such and the like Particulars of the Goods, Manifeft. Wares and Merchandize there taken on board, in every refpebt as is hereinbefore direbled and prescribed, and such additional Manifeft shall be authenticated, and the Duplicate thereof transmitted in such and the like manner in every refpebl as hereinbefore is direbled and required-

XXVIII. And be it further enabled, That if any Ship or Veflel Manifeft of m the Courfe of the Homeward Voyage, shall touch either at His G,,ods dipped Msqefty** Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope or at the Ifland of	md°

Saint Helena, the Mailer or otner Perfon having or taking the cfs^nt Helena, Charge or Command thereof, shall produce and deliver to the how delivered Officers who may be appointed as aforesaid, all and every the Origi- and authemi-nal Manifeft or Manifetts so authenticated as aforesaid, and shall again cated< verify on Oath before the said Officer the Truth of the Manifeft or Manifefts; and the Officer who may be appointed to authenticate such Manifeft or Manifefts at the hud Settlement of the	of

or the said Ifland of Saint Helena, shall, upon the clearing of every such Ship or Veffel, immediately transmit a Duplicate Duplicate, ot such Manifeft or Manifefts to the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland: Provided always, that in every case wherein Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall have been taken on board either at the said Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope or at the

O • i, rr t__	_	C______ w	_	r. t rV* _ 1 nr____Spnarar*

Ifland of Saintx Helena* a separate Manifeft for such Goods, Wares Separate

:	t	?	_	Manifeft

*1 ' *1

3



»gle

Original Manifeft delivered at any Port *t which Vefflls may hill touch.

Confuls at Foreign Ports to perform Duties ofO.T.cers.

Goods brought into G. B. without Manifeft required, forfeited.

.IO3.

54® GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

and Merchandize (hull be produced, and delivered to and authenticated by the said Officer, and Duplicates by him transmitted in such and the like manner in every respect as is hereinbefore directed and re* quired with respect to Manifefts.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Mailer or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or VefTel so tracting, shall not intend in the Courfe of the Homeward Voyage to touch either at His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or at the I (land of Saint Helena, or in case any such Mafter or other Perfon as aforesaid of any such Ship or VefTel which shall touch either at the said Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope or at the Ifland of Saint Helena, shall afterwards on the Voyage to Ireland touch at any other Port or Place, then and in every such case the Mailer or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command cf any such Ship or VefTel shall, at the Port or Place from whence he shall clear or take his Departure for Ireland, deliver each and every such Original Manifefts, duly authenticated as required by this Adi, to the Officer who may be appointed as aforesaid to receive the fame ; and every such Mailer or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or VefTel, and the Officer so appointed as aforesaid at any such Port or Place to receive and authenticate the Manifeft or Manifefts so to be delivered by the Mailer or other Perfon as aforesaid, shall proceed in every respect as in this Adi is diredlcd with regard to the Mafter or Officer so appointed, in the case of Ships or VefTels which in the Homeward Voyage shall touch at or depart from His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope or the Ifland of Saint Helena.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Port or Place where any such Ship or VefTel shall clear or take her Departure for Ireland shall not be under the British Government, then and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for the British Conful resident at any such Port or Place to do and perform every Matter, Adi or Thing directed by this Adi to be done or performed by the Officer so appointed as aforesaid; and such British Conful is hereby authorized and required to receive from the Mailer or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or VefTel so arriving, the Manifeft or Manifefts required by this Aft to be delivered by such Mafter or other Perfon 5 and such Conful is also authorized -and required to administer the Oath so directed to be taken, and to authenticate such Manifeft or Manifefts, to transmit Duplicates thereof, and to perform every Adi, Matter or Thing re-fpedling Manifefts required by this Adi to be done or performed by the Officer to be appointed for that Purpofc as aforesaid at any other Port or Place.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Tenth Day of dpril One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be imported or brought into /re-land from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from His Majefty’s Settlement at the Cape of GoodHope9 its Territories or Dependencies, or from the Ifland of Saint Helena, or from such other Port or Place as aforesaid from whence the Ship or VefTel shall have cleared or departed for Ireland, in any Ship of VefTel belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majefty’s Subjests, without the Manifeft or Manifefts hereinbefore required, or shall not





A.D.1814.

54° GEO. III.

C. 103.

487

be included or described therein, or shall not agree therewith, all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, not-withftanding such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been included in the Report of such Ship or Veflel; and the Mailer or other Matters, $cc. Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship Imbuing, or Veil'd, shall forfeit tne Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Package Penalty, which shall be so imported or brought into Ireland without the Mani-feil hereby required, or which shall not be included or inserted therein, or which shall not agree therewith.

*	XXXII. And Whereas by this Ad certain Penalties are im«

*	pofed on Mafters of Ships or Vefleis in which Goods shall be im-

*	ported or brought into Ireland without the Manifell or Manifefts

4 hereby required;’ Be it therefore enacted, That the Penalties im- Former Penal-pofed by the before recited Ad, made in the Parliament of Ireland in ties on Marten the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on the ot Ships iinj^it-Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of ,nS Goods any Ship or Veflel belonging in the Whole or in Part to His nifetbrepealed' Majefty’s Subjeds, in which any Goods shall be imported or brought G j. ^l.) into Ireland without the Manifeft or Manifefts required by the laid c.28. before recited Ad, or which shall not be included or described therein, or {hail not agree therewith, shall, from and after the said Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, be repealed so far as the fame relates to Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Ireland from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United East India Company, His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cafe of Good Hopey its Territories or Dependencies, or the Ifland of Saint Helena.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Goods and Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and all Ships or Veflels which may Ships forfeited, be forfeited under any of the Provifions of this Ad, may and shall be le,zed b? seized by the Commander or Commanders of any of His Majefty’s cets of Ships of War, or Commifhoned, Warrant or Petty Officer specially appointed by him or them, or by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms 5 and that every Forfeiture incurred by this Ad, and whereof the Recovery is not specially provided for by this Ad, may and shall respectively be sued for, prosecuted and recovered in such Courts, and by fuen and the like ways, means and methods, and the Produce thereof respectively disposed and applied in such and the like manner, and to such and the like Ufes and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respectively, the Revenue of Cul-toms or Port Duties in Ireland may now be sued for, prosecuted or recovered, disposed of and applied, in any of His Majefty’s Dominions in or out of Europe respectively, as the case may happen to be.

*	XXXIV. And Whereas it is necessary that some further Provi- gj,^ wjtj, mor9

*	fion should be made to prevent the illegal Importation of Tea into than Six Pounds ‘ IrelandBe it therefore enacted. That, from and after the said of Tea on board. Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, if any ^cept for snip s Ship or Veflel coming from Foreign Parts and belonging wholly or f ^°r-in Part to His Majefty’s subjects, or whereof One Half of the Per-

fons on board shall be Subjeds of His Majesty, other than and except such Ships or Vefi'els as shall belong to or are employed by the United Company of Merchants in England trading to the Eafl Indies, shall be found on the High Seas, or shall be difeovered to have been within the said Limits of the Charter granted to. the said United

Comp*"''



488

C. 103.

54* GEO. HI.

A.D.1S14

Hatchet

fdcurtd.

Penalty.

Duties and Drawbacks how levied and paid. Penalties, kc. in British Currency.

14 k IS Car. 2. (I.) SdT. 4. c.8.

46 G.3. c.87.

44 G. 3. c. 106.

App:al.

Company, having on board any Tea exceeding Six Pounds so the whole, except Tea for the life of the Perfons on board, not exceeding One Pound for each Perfon, then not only such Tea, together with the Packages containing the fame, but also every such Ship or Veffel, together with all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be frired by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excife.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the Hatches or all Ships and VefTels arriving from any of the Ports or Places before mentioned, at or into any of the Ports of Ireland which shall have been or shall be declared fit and proper For such Importation, shall be secured under the joint Locks of the Mailer of such Ship or Veffel and of the Officers of His Majefty’a Cuftoms and of the Excife, in cases where that Revenue is concerned, and no such Hatch or Hatches shall be opened on any account or Pretence whatever, but in the Prefence of such Officers refpedivcly j and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to attend at the locking up or opening any such Hatch or Hatches, after due Notice shall have been given him for that Purpose, every such Officer so offending, shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That all Duties of Cufloms by this A61 imposed, and all Drawbacks and Duties by this Ad allowed and made payable, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland for the time being, and that all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Aft shall be paid and payable according to the Amount theieof in Brfr tifb Currency, and that all the said Dutes, Drawbacks, Bountis, Penalties and Forfeitures shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, allowed, sued for, recovered and applied in the fame manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raifmg, colleding, levying, paying and mugging of the Duties of Cuftoms, in and by an Ad made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for the settling of the Excife or new Impojl upon His Majessy, bis Heirs and Sue effort, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted / or in and by Two A6ts made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, the one intituled An A3 more ejffcBually to regulate the GoUe&m of the Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances and Drawbacks thereon ; and the otner, intituled An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the fevered ABs relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Cornmiffioners of Cufloms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; or in or by any other Ad or A6U in force in Irelastd relating to the Revenues under the Management of the Commiffio ners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, as fully and effeftsaUy to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Rules and Dire&iona, Penalties and Forfeitures, were therein expressed and enacted, except eshr so far as the fame are altered or repealed by this present Ad j with like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved or injured as in and by the laid Ads* or any of them, is or may be provided.

XXXVII. And



A.D. 1814.	54"	GEO.	III.	C.	103.	489

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Adion or Limitation of Suit shall be brought or commenced againff any Perfon or Perfons A^1008* for any thing done in pursuance of this Ad, iuch Adion or Suit

shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County Or Place where the Caufe of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere $ and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Adion or Suit may plead the General I flue, and give this Ad and the Special Matter Geatral {flue, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury should find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Adion or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or difcon-finue bis, her or their Adion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon any Demurrer, Judgment shall be given again ft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall nave Treble Cods, and have the like Remedy for the Treble Cods, fame, as any Defendant had in other cases to recover Cofts by Law.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad and every Continuance of thing herein contained shall continue in force (except where any Aft. special Continuation is directed by this Ad) until the Tenth Day

of jdhril One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and no longer.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad or any of A& altered,See. the Proviilons thereof may be altered, amended or repealed by any

Aft or Ads to be made in this present Seffion of Parliament.

as to England, c. 36. ante.]

TABLES to which this Ad refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable ou certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, imported into Ireland from £ome Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, either by the said United Company, or by Perfons authorized so to trade, on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being secured in Warehoufes.

TABLE (A.)

WAREHOUSING DUTY.

Duly.

MUSLINS, plain 5 plain white Calicoes; Muflins or white Calicoes, flowered or ditched; plain white Dimity ; Nanquin Cloths ; and all Articles manufactured of Hair or Cotton Wool, or any Mixture thereof -	-	-	for	every ^100. of the Value

Goods* Wares and Merchandize, prohibited to be worn or used in Ireland -	-	for	every £ 100. of the Value

For the manner in which the Value of the before mentioned Goods shall be afeertained ; and for the Rules, Regulations and Conditions for ascertaining and colleding Duties to be paid according to the Value, and for the Penalties and Forfeitures to which such Goods are liable; See 45 Geo. HI. Cap. 18. 46 Geo. IIL Cap. 87. and the Ad to which this Table is annexed.

Coffee

Indigo

Raw Silk; —viz.

--------Bengal Raw Silk

■ - of any other Sort

-	the cwt.

-	the Jb.

«	the lb.

-	the lb.

£. s. 4

S 00 50c

C.103.

S 4* CEO. III.

A.D. 1S14.

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of Cufloms payable on the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, having been imported into Ireland from some Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, either by the said United Company, or by Perfons authorized so to trade, and secured in Ware* houses, payable on the Delivery of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize rcfpec-tively from any such Warehouse, for the Purpofe of being used or consumed in Ireland (not being prohibited to be so used or confumed), exclulive of the Duties paid or payable on warehoufing any of the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

TABLE (B.)  HOME CONSUMPTION DUTIES.	Duty.	Drawback.
ALMONDS viz.  —		 		 Bitter - the cwt.  ■' — —: of any other Sort - - the cwt. Aloes ; — viz.	£. s. d. 1 11 3 4 J5 0	£. 4. d.
	Socotorina - the lb.	026	—
	of any other Sort the lb.	013	—
Alum ...... the cwt.	0176	—
—— Roch Alum .... the cwt. Amber; — viz.	0 11 8	
the lb.  	— Rough ..... the lb.	0 11 io\ 018	
Ambergris .... the oz. Ammoniacum, Gum. See Gum Ammoniacus.  	Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus.  Animi, Gum. See Gum.  Annifeed. See Seed.  	 Oil of. See Oil.	050	
Annotto .... the cwt.	200	—
Aquafortis - - • the cwt. Arabic Gum. See Gum.  Arangoes or Arangoe Beads,	0 14 2	
for every £100. of the Value  Arrack. See Spirits.	3i 5 0	
Arfenic - - . the cwt.	0 14 2	
Afafcetida .... the lb. Auripigmentum. See Orpiment.	0 0 10	—m
Balfam ; viz. Artificial or Natural - the lb. Bamboo Canes. See Canes.	050	—
Barilla - - - - the cwt. Bark ;—viz.  —— Jefuits* Bark. See Cortex Peruvianus.  	• not otherwise enumerated or described.  - - if for Medicinal Ufe,	0  0	
for every £100. of the Value	0  0  0	





AD. 1614*

54° GEO. III.

491

C.103.

TABLE (B.)—continued.	Duty.	Drawback.
Bark; not otherwise enumerated or described,  - - if not for Medicinal Ufe,  for every £ 100. of the Value	.£. j. d.	£. s. d.
	25 0 0	
Bdellium .... the lb.	0 0 10	_
Beads ;—viz.  	 Amber Beads. See Amber.  — Arangoe Beads. See Arangoes.  	 Coral Beads ... the lb.	0 *5 ih	
	 Cryital Beads - - the 1000	176	--
—- not otherwise enumerated or deferibed,  for every £100. of the Value	62 10 0	
Bpes Wax. See Wax.  Benjamin - - . the lb.	018	
Bezoar Stones - - the oz.	0 2 6	
Books; — viz.  — bound - the cwt.	6 10 0	
	unbound - - the cwt..	4 16 3		
Borax; — viz.  -- ■ - refined - the lb.	018	
	 unrefined, or tincal - - the lb.	0 0	,
Bottles of green or common Glass, full or empty, not of less Content than one Pint, and not being Phials  the Dozen Quarts	# 2  076	
Brandy. See Spirits.  Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver,  Duty-free.  Cajaputa, Oil of. See Oil.  Cake Lac. See Lac in Gum.  Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis.  Calicoesviz.  for every ^100. of the Value	62 10 0	
Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Calicoes, which shall have been printed, painted, stained or dyed in Ireland,  for every *£ioo. of the Value		45 0 0
for every £ 100. of the Value	32 10 0	
Calve Skins. See Skins.  Cambogium. See Gamboge.  Camel Hair. See Hair.  Camphire; — viz.  ■ ■ — refined - the lb. Candles, of Wax - the lb.	021  0 1 3 026	III
Canes ;—viz.  	 Bamboo - - - the 1000	1 13 9	_
— Rattans (not ground Rattans) - the iodo	1 13 9	

v^ooQle

492

C-103.

54’ GEO. HI.

A..D. 1814.

		(	
TABLE (B.)—continued.  L.	—				—		Duty. Drawback.

Canes ; — viz.

—----- Reed Canes -	the 1000

------ Walking Canes or Sticks, mounted, painted,

inlaid, or otherwise ornamented or manu-fa<5tured - for every X'ioo. of the Value ------- Wanghees, Jumboo, Ground Rattans, Dragon’s Blood, and other Walking Canes or

Sticks Cantharides Caps of Cotton Cardamoms Carmenia Wool,

Carmine Carpets ;—viz.

------ of Perfia -	-	the Yard fquare

------- of	Turkey,	under	4	Yards	square,

the Carpet

-	-	-	4	Yards	square,	and	not	ex-

the tooo -	the lb.

for every j^ioo. of the Value -	-	the lb.

See Goats Hair in Hair.

the oz.

	the Carpet
- exceeding 6 Yards fquare	
	the Carpet
Cafliew Gum. See Gum.	
Caffia Buds	- the lb.
—-— Fiftula	- the lb.
—*— Lignea	- the lb.
Callor,0Oil°of - J Se 0iL  Cayenne Pepper. See Pepper.  Chemical Oil. See Oil.	

China Root

China Ware - for e^ Cinnabar. See Vermillion. Cinnabaris Nativa Cinnamon

--------- Oil of. See Oil.

Cloves -

Oil of. See Oil.

Cochineal

--------- Duft	-	••

Cocoa Nuts -Coculu9 Indicus Coffee -

Coin, Foreign, of Gold or Silver. Colocynth. See Coloquintida. Coloquintida, or Colocynth Colours for Painters. See Painters Colours. Qolumbo Root Contrayenrx lapis.

-----------Radix.

See Bullion.

See Lapis.

t.

J e>—s: d.

1	6 3

62 IO V

4 0 0

0	3 4 62 10 o

0 2 1

O42

2	IO O

1	5 O

Sco

7 16 3

£. t: ~t

1	8

O IO

2	6

the lb.	0 1 3
: Value	125 0 0
the lb.	021
the lb.	026
the lb.	0 5
the lb.	0010
the lb.	0 0 2*
the lb.	O 2 2f
the lb.	0 2 6
the lb. 1.	0 ® 7i
the lb.	018
the lb.	0 t *



* - '

C^ooQle

1 TABLE (B.)—continued.	Duty.	Drawback. ^
Copal Guiti. See Gum. Copper;—viz.	£. x. d.	£. s. d.
■ ■ — Ore - the cwt.	0 0 10	__
	— Old, fit only to be reroanufaftured - the cwt.  - ■■■■ unwrought ;—viz.  - Copper in Bricks or Pigs* Rofe Copper, and all cast Copper,	092	
the cwt.  - - Copper in Plates and Copper	092	—
Coin, - - the cwt. 		 part wrought; viz. — Bars, Rods or Ingots,	° 15 °	—
hammered or railed - - the cwt. — - Manufactures of Copper, not otherwise enumerated or defenbed. Copper enamelied, and Copper Plates engraved,	X II 3	
for every £100. of the Value  Coral;—viz.  — Beads. See Beads.	62 10 0	“
	in Fragments - the lb.	0 1 o\	—
	whole polished - the lb.	on 8	—
• - unpolifiied ... the lb. Coriander Seed. See Seed.	0 5 10	—
Cortex Peruviamis, or Jefuits Bark - the lb.	021		
Coftos - the lb. Cotton;—viz.  --■■■ ■ Articles manufactured of Cotton Wool, or of any Mixture thereof, not particularly enumerated or described.	010 \	
for every £100. of the Value -- ■ Thread. See Thread.  — Wool. See Wool.  ■		 Yam. See Yarn.	62 10 0	
Cowries - - for every jCioo. of the Value Cryftal Beads. See Beads.	31 5 0	—
Cubebs • - . - - the lb. Cummin Seed. See Seed.  Dyagrzdium. See Scammony.  Diamonds—Duty-free. ‘  Dimity; —viz.  - —— Plain White Dimity,	0 0 10	
for every £100. of the Value Drawback to be allowed on such of the said Dimity, which shall have been printed, stained, painted or dyed in Ireland,  for every £100. of the Value  Dog Skins. See Skins.	62 10 0	45 0 0
Drawings, coloured - each ,	0 3 9	—
—■ plain - - each''	0 1 io^,	



C. 103

54” geo. nr.

A.D. 1814.

TABLE (B.) — continued.	Duty.	Drawback.
Drugs, on which fpecihc Duties are payable according to the Quantity.  See the several Articles in Alphabetical Courfe.  —		 manufactured, not particularly enumerated or  described, or otherwise charged with Duty,	£. t. d.	
for every £100. of the Value —■ ■ - unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with	6110 0	
Duty - for every £100. of the Value  Earthenware. See China.  Ebony. See Wood.  Elemi Gum. See Gum.	O  O  O	
Elephants Teeth - the cwt. Elk Skins. See Skins.  Emeralds, Rubies, and all other Precious Stones and Jewels (except Diamonds),	O  O	
for every .£100. of the Value  Feathers ;—viz.  	 Oftrich Feathers, dressed - the lb.	15 12 6 215 0	
- undressed - the lb. 		of any other Sort,	0 16 ‘8	—
for every £iook of the Value	50 0 0	_
Flax, rough or undressed - - the cwt. Foreft Seed. See Seed.  Furs. See Skins.	005	
Galanga - - - the lb.	005	
Galbanum - - the lb.	01 3	—
Galls - the cwt.	on 8	—
Gamboge - - - - the lb. Garden Seed. See Seed.  Garnet; — viz.  	 cut - the lb.  	 rough - the lb.  Gem Sal. See Sal.  Geneva. See Spirits.	018  1 10 0 0 10 0	—
Ginger - - - the cwt.	126	—
	 preserved * - - the lb.	0 3 i\	—
Ginfeng . - - the lb. Glafs ; —viz.  	 Bottles. See Bottles.	01	
	 broken, fit only to be remanufa&ured - the cwt.  — rough Plate Glass, and ground or polished Plate or Crown Glafs.,	0 3 '1	
for every .£100. of the Value I - - - - And besides for every Foot fuperficial	112 10 0	
| Meafure • - -	O 3	

L.OOQ le

A.D. 1814

54“ GEO. III.

C.103.

495

TABLE (B.)—continued.	Duty.			Drawback.
Glafs 5 — viz.  	 Manufadtures of, not otherwise enumerated or	£.	/.	d.	£. s. d.
described, - for every £ 100. of the Value	112	10	0	
—— Paintings on Glass, - for every ^100. of the Value Goat Hair. See Hair. * Gold Coin. See Bullion.  	Plate. See Plate.	62	10	0	
Granilla - the lb. Gum; — viz.	9	0	5	—
	Ammoniaxus - - the lb.	O	1	3	- -
— Animi - - - the lb.	O	0	10		
	Arabic - the cwt.	O	11	8	T
		 Calhew - - -the ewt.	O	7	6		
	 Copal - - - the lb.	O	1	8	_
	Elemi - - -the lb.  	Juniper. See Gum Sandrake.  	Lac 5—viz.	O	0	74	
- - Cake Lac - - - the lb.	O	0	5	
- - Shellac, or Seed Lac - the lb.	O	0		
- - Stick Lac - - - the cwt.	O	7	11		
	 Opoponax - the lb.	O	3	9	—
— Sagapenum - • the lb.	O	0	10	—
	 Sandrake or Juniper - - the cwt.	O	13	9	_
	 Sarcocolla - - - the lb.	O	0	10	_
- Senega - - - the cwt.	O	11	8	
		 Tragacanth - - the lb.  	not otherwise enumerated or described,	O	1	3	—
for every j£ioo. of the Value  Hair;—viz.	5°	0	0	1
	 Camel ... the lb.	0	1	8	—
— Goat, or Carmenia Wool - the lb.	0	0	5	• _
	 Human - the lb.,  —— Articles manufa&ured of Hair, or any Mixture thereof, not particularly enumerated or de-	0	5	0	
fcribed - for every £100. of the Value Hemp, rough or undreffect, or any other vegetable Subilance of the nature and quality of Undrefied Hemp, and applicable to the fame purposes.	62	10	0	
the Ton containing 20 cwt.  Hides;—viz.  — Buffalo, Bull, CoworOx, not in the Hair, tan-	0	7	11	
ned, tawed or in any way dressed - the Hide - - - tanned, and not otherwise dreffect,	0	0	10	—
the lb.  •	 Horse, Mare or Geldir.g, in the Hair, not	0	1	04	—
tanned or in any way dressed - the Hide - - - tanned and not otherwise dreffect,	0	0	10	—
the lb.  1 —1 or Pieces of Hides, raw or undreffect, not par-	0	1		—

L,ooQle

49<5

C.103.

54’ GEO. IU.

A.D.1814.

Table B.—continued.

ticularly enumerated or described, or other-wife charged with Duty,

for every £100. of the Value Hides, or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed or in any wav dreffect, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every j£ioo. of the Value

Horns 5—viz.

——	Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox Horns - the 100

" manufactured - for every £ 100. of the Value

—	■ ■ ■■ unmanufactured, not otherwise enumerated or

defcribed - for every j£ioo. of the Value Horfes, Mares or Geldings •	each

Human Hkir. See Hair.

Huffe Skins. See Skins.

Japanned Ware - for every .£100. of the Value Jeluits* Bark. See Cortex Peruvianus.

Jewels. See Emeralds.

Indigo -	-	-	the lb.

Iris Root. See Orrice.

Juniper Gum. See Gum Sandrake.

Knubs of Silk. See Silk.

Lac. See Gum.

Lacquered Ware - for every £100. of the Value Lambs' Wool. See Sheep’s Wool in Wool.

Lapis;—viz.

------ Calaminaris	-	-	the	cwt.

—	— ■■ ■ Contraycrvse	-	•	the oz.

— ■	Lazuli ... the lb.

—1 ■	Tuti* -	•	-	the lb.

Lazuli Lapis. See Lapis.

Lead 5—viz.

— ■ White Lead -	/

Leopard Skins. See Skins. Linleed, Oil of. See Oil. Long Pepper. See Pepper.

Mace

---- Oil of. See Oil.

Madder Root

Mangoes	-	«

Manna

Maps

Martin Skins. See Skins. Maffickviz.

--------- Red	.

—111	■ of any other Sort

- the cwt.

- the lb.

- the cwt. the Gallon • the lb. the Piece

the lb. the lb.

Duty.

£.

d.

31 5 *

62 10 o

o

62

*1

5

10

5

11

62 10 o 002$

62 to o

084

O 2 I

0 3 4

O 0 7i

O 10 o

Drawback.

d.

o 9

o

o

o

o

o

o





j^<D< 1.914.

j4° GEO. III.

C. 103

497

f  „ 		 i TABLE (B.)—continued.	Duty.	Drawback.
. ^	£• i. d.	£. x. d.
MelaflTes - - - the cwt.	076	
Mother of Pearl Shells, rough • the lb.	0 0 10	
Muflc - - - - the 0z.	050	.
Muflins;—viz.		
— ■■ ■ plain - for every j£ioo. of the Value	32 10 0	» ; *
Drawback to be allowed on the Ex-		
. portation of such of the said Muflins		
' which shall have been printed, painted,		
ftained or dyed in Ireland, •		
for every £100. of the Value	—	20 0 0
— ■ ■ flowered or Hitched,		
for every «£ioo. of the Value	32 10 0	
Mvrobalanes;—viz.		
•	.	— candied - - the lb.	0 0 10	. .
	 dryed - - the cwt.	0 11 8	
Myrrh • - - the lb.	018	—
Nankin Cloths - for every j?ioo. of the Value	32 10 0	_
Drawback to be allowed on the Expor-	•	
tation of such of the said Nankin Cloths,		
which shall have been printed, painted.		, j :
ftained or dyed in Ireland,		
for every j£ioo. of the Value	—	20 0 0
Nutmegs - - - the lb.	0 5 5-	_
	Oil of. See Oil. \		v • ►
Nux Vomica - - - the lb.	0 1 3	—
Oil} — viz.		
	of Annifeed ... the lb.	0 3 9	
— of Cajaputa • the oz.	0 2 6	1
	of Caflia - the oz.	026	
— of Caftor - - the lb.	0. I 3	
—— Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated or de-		—
fcribed - for every £100. of the Value	62 10 0	
of Cinnamon - the oz.	050	■ i . i
	of Cloves - - the oz.	018	. ; 1
	of Lirifeed - the Tun, containing 25a Gallons	33 5 0	V —
	of Mace - - the oz.	021	J ,
	of Nutmegs - - the oz.	02 j	
	of Turpentine - - the lb.	« 0 ih	
— not otherwise enumerated or described,		
for every £100. of the Value	62 JO 0	— t : j
Oker - - - -the cwt.	0 $ 8	. \ —
Olibanum • - - -the cwt.	27 6	- 1 ’
Optnm - - - the lb.	089	t
Opoponax Gum. See Gum.		> . - ~ V.
Orange Flower Water - • the Gallon	034	
Ore ;—vjz.		. . ~ j /
, 		Copper. See Copper.		, , / ,
—— Golfl 01 Silver. Sec Bullion.	•	- - *

54 Gboi 111.	K	k



TABLE (B.)—

Duty.

Drawback.

Orpiment, or Auripigmentum Orrice, or I rig Root - * Oitrich Feathers. See Feathers.

the cwt. the cwt.

Painters Colours, not otherwise enumerated or de-fcribed	-	•	-	the lb.

Paintings on Glafs. See Glafs.

Paperviz.

——— Brown Paper, made of old Rope or Cordage only, without separating or extra&ing the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of any other Materials therewith,

the lb.

■■■ ■■■■■■ Printed, painted or Rained Paper, or Paper Hangings -	-	the	Yard	fquare

■	■	--» of any other Sort, not particularly enume-

rated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty -	•	the lb.

Pearls -	-	for	every	tfioo.	of	the	Value

Pepper	-	-	the lb.

Cayenne • Long Pepper

- the lb.

m	-	-	the lb.

Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or defcribed	-	-	theGallon

Pi&ures 5 — viz.

-■ ■ — under 2 Feet square -	-	the	Pidure

-----— of 2 Fee^ square, and under 4 Feet square,

the Pidure

------ of 4 Feet square, or upwards the Pidure

Plate viz.

—-■ Battered, fit only to be remanufadured. See Bullion.

—• of Gold	-	-	the	oz.	Troy

■— of	Silver,	gilt	•	-	the oz.	Troy

1	-	- -	Part gilt	•	-	the oz.	Troy

—	-	- -	ungilt	-	-	the oz.	Troy

Precious Stones. See Emeralds.

Prints ; — viz.

-	■ ■ Paper Prints, plain -	-	the	Piece

»- * - ... - coloured,

for every £100. of the Value

Quickfilter

Radix Contrayervae Rattans. See Canes. Red Wood. See Wood. Reed Canes. See Canes. Rhubarb -Rice	-	-

-	the lb.

-	the lb.

> the lb. the cwt.

£• 1. d. I 10 o i 10 o

OOIO

£. s. d.

o o 10

o I 3

o

5

o

o

o

o

3

1 8

0	o

1	io£

5 °

o 10

5	0

6	8

<513 4

10 o o

3 »5 o 063 o 5 10 0 4 4i

Ol8

62 IO o 018 018

oil

076





A.D.i8i4*	54°	GEO.	lit*	C*	103*	499

1 TABLE (B.)—continued.	Duty.	Drawback.
Roch Alum. See Alum. Rofe Wood. See Wood. Rubies. See Emeralds. Rum. See Spirits.	£. /. d.	£. S. d.
Safflower - ... the cwt.	089	
Saffron - - • the lb. Sagapenum Gum. See Gum.	076	—-
Sago, or Sago Powder - - - the lb. Sago Powder. See Sago.  Sal;—viz.	O  O	
	Ammoniacus - - - the lb.	OO5	—
—— Gem - the cwt.	076	—
Salep or Salop - - - the lb.	O I 3	—
Saltpetre .... the cwt. Sandrake Gum. See Gum.	OO5	
Sanguis Draconis - - • the lb. Sarcocolla Gum. See Gum.  Saunders ;—viz.  — Red - - the cwt.	Ol8  0 4 2 O 0 IO	—
Scammony - - the lb.	068	—
Sea Cow, Sea Horse or Sea Morfe Teeth - the lb. Seal Skins. See Skins.  Seed;—viz.	Ol8	
	Annifeed - - the cwt.	2 $ 0	—
	Coriander Seed - the cwt.	0 9 +4	— !
	Cummin Seed - the cwt.	0 15 7l		 i
	Forelb Seed - for every «£ioo. of the Value  	Garden Seed, not particularly enumerated or de-	3» 5 °	■ “
scribed, - - - the lb.	0 0 7i	—
	Worm Seed - - • the lb.  	not particularly enumerated or described, or  otherwise charged with Duty,	013	
for every £ioo. of the Value Seed Lac. See Lac in Gum.	31 5 °	* *
Senna - - - the lb. Senega Gum. See Gum.  Shawls manufactured of Hair or Cotton Wool, or any Mixture thereof,	® * 3	
for every £ 100. of the Value Sheeps Wool. See Wool.  Shellac. See Lac in Gum.  Silk, the lb. of 16 Ounces; viz.	62 IO O	
—	Knubs or Hulks of Silk - - the lb.  —	Raw Silk ;—viz.	0 2 0	
— - - - Bengal Raw Silk - - the lb.	0 2 0	—
-— of any other Sort - - the lb.	0 2 8	
1 ■*— Wafbe Silk - * -the lb. Kfe 2	0 2 0	





500	C.	103.	54°GEO.III.	A.D.1814.

TABLE (B.)—continued.	Duty.	Drawback.
	£. 1. d.	£. s. d.
Silver Coin, Foreign. See Bullion.		
— - Plate. See Plate.		
Skins 5—viz.		
—- Calve Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or in		
any way dreffect, - the Dozen Skins	021	—
—— Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or in		
any way dreffect, - the Dozen Skins	0 0 10	
— Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or in		
any way dreffect, - - the Skin	0 1 o£	
	 HufTe Skins undressed - - the Skin	005	-
		 Leopard Skins undressed - - the Skin	0 10 0	
— Martin Skins undressed - - the Skin	013	
		 Seal Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or		
in any way dressed, - - the Skin	O O 2\	_
		 Squirrel Skins undressed - the 100 Skins	0 II 8	
— — Tyger Skins undressed - - the Skin	O IO O	...
Skins and Furs, or pieces of Skins and Furs, raw or		
undreffect, not particularly enumerated or		
described, or otherwise charged with Duty,		
for every «£ioo. of the Value	31 5 °	_
Skins and Furs, or pieces of Skins and Furs, tanned,		
tawed or in any way dreffect, not particularly		
enumerated or defcnbed, or otherwise charged		
with Duty - for every £100. of the Value	6 2 10 0	—
Snuff - - - • the lb.	030	—
Socotorina Aloes. See Aloes.		
Spikenard - . the lb.	0 2 11	—
Spirits viz.		
	 Arrack - - the Gallon	0 13 7	__
— ■ ■ » Brandy - - the Gallon	0 13 7	—
—	 Geneva - - the Gallon	0 13 7	—
•	 Rum - - - the Gallon	0 10 1	_
■■■■■ —i the Produce of the Settlement of the Cape of		
Good Hope, its Territories or Dependencies,		
the Gallon	0 10 1	—
Squills - - the cwt.	050	—
Squinianthum - - * the lb.	0 • 10	—
Squirrel Skins. See Skins.'		
Stick Lac. See Lac #’*Gum.		
Stockings of Cotton - for every £100, of the Value	62 10 0	—
Storax viz.		
	013	—
	 in the Tear or Gum - - the lb.	0 8 4	—
Succades - - the lb.	0 3	
Sugar - - - the cwt.	200	—
For the Conditions under which a Portion of		
the Duties on Sugar may be suspended ac-		
cording to the Average Price 01 Sugar as		
publifhed in the London Gazette, when		
iuch Price shall exceed the Sum of 60/.		



TABLE (B.)—continued.	Duty.	Drawback.
the cwt. 5—See the Aft to which this Schedule is annexed.  For the Rules, Regulations and Conditions, under which the Lords Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Treasury are authorized to fuspend, according to the Average Price of Sugar as published in the London Gazette, either is. in the cwt. 2s. in the cwt, or 3/. in the cwt. $—See 46 Geo. 3. cap. 62, and the Aft to which this Schedule is annexed.  Sugar Candy ;—viz.  		 — Brown - • the cwt.  	 White ... the cwt.	£• /. d.  5 12 5 900	£. 5. d.
Talc - - - the lb.	0 0 7I		
Tamarinds - - the lb. Tea, imported from Great Britain,	0 0	—
for every «£ioo. of the Value Teake Wood. See Wood.	96 ® 0	—•
Terra Japonica - - the lb. Thread; viz. Cotton Thread,	0 0 10	—
for every £100. of the Value Tincal. See Borax unrefined.	62 10 0	—
Tobacco - - the 100 lbs.  — Having been delivered out of the Warehoufe for Home Confumption or Manufafture in Ireland, and afterwards manufactured according to Law, into Short Cut Tobacco, Snag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco or	3 16 6}	
Carrot Tobacco, and exported the lb. And besides, for every lb. of such Car-	•	006
rot Tobacco Tobacco is also subject to a Duty of Excife.  Tortoife Shell;—viz.		OOI
for every £100. of the Value  	rough, and unmanufactured the lb.  Tragacanth Gum. See Gum.	62 10 0 0 3 ni	—
Turbith - - the lb.	026	—
Turmeric - - the lb. Turpentine, Oil of. See Oil.  Tutia; Lapis. See Lapis.  Tyger Skins. See Skins.	0 0 71	
Vermicelli - - the lb.	• 0 7*	—
Vermillion or Cinnabar - - the lb.  Walking Canes. ^  Walking Sticks. > See Canes.  Wanghee Sticks. J  K k t  5  GOO	021  gle	

5<52

C. 103.

34* GEO. III.

A.D. 1814*

TABLE (B.)—continued.	,‘Duty.	Drawback.
Wax ;—viz.	£. s. d.	8. d.
- — Bees Wax, unmanufa&ured - the cwt.	<t c 0	
	White or manufactured - - the cwt.  	Candles. See Caudles.  WINES viz.  — French Wine imported in a Britifh-built Ship,	0 j  696	
the Tun containing 252 Gallons — - • not imported in a Britilh-built Ship,	135 12 0	
the Tun containing 252 Gallons ~ - - exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to any British Settlement in the Ealt Indies, to China, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Pofleflions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America,	139 13 0	
the Tun containing 252 Gallons — - • exported to any other Place,	—	12 6 3 0
the Tun containing 252 Gallons  		German Wine. See Rhenifh Wine.  -— - - Hungary Wine. See Rhenifh Wine.  — 1 Madeira Wine imported in a Britifh-built Ship,		(21 40
the T un containing 252 Gallons — - - not imported in a Britim-built Ship,	O  M  O  0	—
the Tun containing 252 Gallons  Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Pofleflions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America,	s  0  0	
the Tun containing 2 5 2 G allons	—	84 0 0
the Tun containing 252 Gallons		80 17 0
the Tun containing 252 Gallons	hi 6 0	■
the Tun containing 252 Gallons  Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Pofleflions of the Crown of Portugal in South	115 10 0	





A.D. i8i4<

54° GEO. III.

C.103.

503

TABLE (B.)— .	Duty.	Drawback.
/ WINES, Rhenilh, Germany, and Hungary, continued.	<£. x. d.	£. t. d.
/ America, or to any of the Terri-f tories of the United States of \ America,  1 the Tun containing 252 Gallons		 1	01 17 0
1 the Tun containing 252 Gallons		96 12 0
of the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependencies thereof, imported in a Britifti-built Ship,  the Tun containing 252 Gallons — - - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	29 8 0	
	30 9 0	
Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Poffellions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America,  the Tun containing 252 Gallons		0  CO  W
- - exported to any other Place,  the Tun containing 252 Gallons		27 6 0
wife enumerated or described, imported in a Britifh-built Ship,  the Tun containing 252 Gallons	90 6 Q	
—		 - not imported in a Britilh-built Ship,  the Tun containing 252 Gallons	93 9 0	
* - exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Poffefiions of the Crown of Portugal		
in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of		
America,  the Tun containing 252 Gallons		84 O O
the Tun containing 252 Gallons		80 17 O
Wood;—viz.  ——" Ebony - - the Ton, containing 20 cwt.	826	
—	 Red Wood - the Ton, containing 20 cwt.	1 17 6	—
—1 ■ Rofe Wood - - the cwt.	250	—
—1 Teake Wood, 8 Inches square, or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic feet	x 10 5	—
Wool}—viz.		
■— - Carmenia Wool. See Goat Hair in Hair.		
■— - Cotton - - the 100 lbs.	0 16 11	
— Cotton Wool, Articles manufa&ured of, or any Mixture thereof, not Kk 4	1   (jOO^lc	

C. 103* 104.	540	GEO.	III.	A.D.1814.

TABLE (B.)—continued.	Duty. ■	Drawback.
particularly enumerated or deferibed, for ever)'-£100. of the Value	£. s. d. 62 JO 0	£. s. <L.
Wool, Lambs Wool. See Sheep9 Wool.  •	 Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool - the cwt.	0711	_ .
Worm Seed. See Seed.  Yarn 5—viz.  ■ Cotton Yarn - - the lb.	0 0 10	
Zedoaria - - the lb.	0 i 3	—
Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being herein enume» rated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Ireland - for every .£100. of the Value	62 10 0	
Goods, Wares and Merchandize, not being either in part or w’holly manufactured, not being herein enumerated or deferibed, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Ireland - for every Jt 100. of the Value	3* 5 0	_

CAP. CIV.

An A<ft for maintaining and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges made in Scotland, for the Purpofe of Military Communication; and for making more effectual Provifion for maintaining and repairing Roads made, and Bridges built, in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Com-miffioners for Highland Roads and Bridges.

[18th July 1814.]

4 TT 7 HE RE AS certain Roads and Bridges for the Purpofe of

*	W Military Communication have been made, and hitherto 4 maintained in the Highlands of Scotland, at the Public Expence; 4 which Roads and Bridges are no longer necessary for such Military 4 Communication, but for other Purpofes some of them ought never-4 thelefs to be maintained in Repair: And Whereas an A6t was patted

43 G.3. c.So. 4 *n the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

*	intituled An AB for granting to Hit Majesty the Sum of Twenty 4 thousand Pounds,to he issued and applied towards making Roads and 4 Building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland ; and for enabling 4 the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Efiates with a 4 Proportion of the Expence of making and keeping in Repair Roads 4 and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland: And Whereas, in 4 Addition to the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, the further 4 Sum of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds has at fundry

* times

v^ooQle

A.D. 1814.	540	GEO.	III.

4 times been since granted, in further Execution of the said Aft ; by 4 means of which many useful Roads and Bridges have been made 4 and completed, and others are now in course of being made, under 4 several Contrafts and Agreements entered into by the Commillioners

*	and others, according to the Provifions and Regulations of the faid

4 A# : And Whereas, another Aft was parted in the Fiftieth Year 50 G.3. c.43 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for main-4 taining and keeping in Repair Roads made and Bridges built in 4 Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commijfioners 4 for Highland Roads and Bridges, whereby the Charge of keeping

*	in Repair such koads and Bridges was laid upon the several 4 Counties wherein the said Roads and Bridges are iituate ; and by 1 the said Aft divers Provifions were made for such Repairs, which 4 Provifions have been found to be inadequate to the end proposed ;

4 And Whereas it is expedient to make new Regulations for the 4 Maintenance and Repair of the Military Roads and Bridges and 4 also of the Roads and Bridges made and completed, or which {hall

*	hereafter be made and completed, under the Authority of the 4 Parliamentary Commiflioners for Highland Roads and Bridges as 4 aforesaid May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the parting

of this Aft, the said recited Aft parted in the Fiftieth Year of foG. 3. c.43. the Reign of His present Majesty shall be and the fame is hereby rePealed* repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That the Commiflioners appointed in and Appointrr.em of by virtue of the Aft parted in the Forty third Year of the Reign Commifiiouers. ot His present Majesty, hereinbefore recited, shall be, and they are *3	3*	c»	80.

hereby appointed Commiflioners for the Purpofes of this Aft, together with the Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Scotlandy and the first Commiflioner of His Majefty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue in England\ who are hereby appointed Commiflioners for carrying this Aft, and also the before mentioned Aft into Execution ; any Three of which Commiflioners shall constitute a Quorum, of Quorum, which One of the Commiflioners appointed by virtue 0? his Office shall always be one ; and at all Meetings of the Commiflioners,v which Meetings shall be held in London or Weflminjlery the Chairman shall have a casting Vote in case of an Equality of Votes.	Calling Vote.

4 III. And Wh ereas it is expedient that the Maintenance and 4 Repair of the Military Roads and Bridges, and also of the Roads 4 and Bridges made under the Authority of the Parliamentary Com-4 miflioners for Highland Roads and Bridges, should be placed 4 under the Direftion and Management of the Commiflioners hereby 4 appointed ;* Be it enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Commiflioners Aft, the said Commiflioners shall, and they are hereby empowered may aPPoint to appoint and employ an Infpeftor of such Roads and Bridges in cers* Scotland as have been made wholly or in part at the Public Expence, and such other Superintendents or Overseers of Roads and other Officers, as they shall fee fit; and to pay and allow to each and every Salary, of them such Sum or Sums of Money annually or otherwise, as the said Commiflioners shall think proper, in Compenfation of their Services.

IV.	And

C. 104.	505



50 6

C. 104.

AD.1814.

What Proportion of Expence of repairing Roads and Bridges paid by Public, and tv hat by Counties.

Commiflloners to advance Money for immediate Repair of Roads ind Bridges.

Manner in which Military Roads maintained under Aft.

Frovifo.

54* GEO- III.

IV.	And be it enacted, That the Military Roads and Bridges,

and also the Roads and Bridges made and completed pursuant to the said recited A A passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be during the continuance of this Ad maintained and kept in Repair as follows 5 that is to fay, a certain Proportion, being One Fourth Part of the Expence necessary to maintain and keep in Repair such Roads and Bridges (exclufive of the Allowances to the Infpedor and other Officers, appointed by the Commissioners, which Allowances shall be wholly defrayed at the Expence of the Public), shall be paid and defrayed out of the Monies imprefted into the Hands of the Commissioners by the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, as hereinafter directed 5 and the Remainder of the Expence of maintaining and keeping in Repair such Roads and Bridges, shall be paid and defrayed by the County or Counties in which the fame shall be (ituated, in the manner hereinafter directed.

V.	And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall forthwith, after the pafiing of this Ad, direct Eftimates to be prepared of the Expence requiiite for the Repair of the Roads and Bridges placed under their Diredion and Management by virtue of this Ad; and they are hereby authorized to employ proper Perfons, or to enter into Contrads for the immediate Repair of the fame; the Expence ariling in consequence of so doing to be defrayed in the first Infltance, and by way of Advance, wholly out of the Monies to be imprefted into the Hands of the Commissioners by the Barons of the Exchequer.

VI.	And be it enacted, That no Road or Portion of Road, made for the Purpofe of Military Communication in Scotland\ shall be maintained and kept in Repair in the manner directed by this Aft, unless the Heritors of the County in which it is situated at some Annual Meeting for the Affeffment of the Land Tax, or at some Michaelmas Head Court, or at some Special Adjournment of such Meeting or Head Court, shall agree to make Application to that Effed to the Commissioners appointed by this Ad; at the fame time undertaking to conform to the Provifions of the fame during the Continuance thereof; which Undertaking shall be obligatory upon the Heritors of such County; whereupon the said Commissioners shall determine whether it is expedient and proper to consent to such Application 5 and such their Confent (if obtained) together with the previous Application and Undertaking, shall be notified by* the Convener of the County, in the Newfpapers usually circulated m the Highlands of Scotland, after which the Road or Portion of Road, respecting which such Application shall have been made, shall be maintained and kept in Repair under the Provifions of this Aft: Provided nevertheless, that if any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, jointly or severally, shall make Application to the Commissioners, dating that such Perfon or Perfons are willing to give and will find Security to the Satisfadion of the Commissioners, to pay Three fourth Parts of the Expence necessary for the Maintenance and Repair of any Road or Portion of Road made for the Purpofe of Military Communication, and to conform to the Provifions of this Ad, as far as the fame shall be applicable to the circumstances of the case, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners thereupon to determine whether it is expedient or proper to consent to such Ap-

1	plication;



plication; and if the said Commiflioners shall consent to such Appli-! cation, and such Security shall be found to their Satisfaction, the said Road or Portion of Road fhail be maintained and kept in Repair I under the Provifions of this Adi accordingly,

VII.	And be it enacted, That every Boating Pier forming Part i of any Road, or the Termination of any Road made pursuant to the

said recited Adi pafTed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, fhail be maintained and kept in Repair under the Provifions of this Adi: Provided nevertheless, that no such Boating Pier and no Bridge eredlcd pursuant to the said recited Adi fhail be rebuilt by virtue of this Adi, unless the fame shall have been included in the Contradl entered into for making the Road of which such Boating Pier or Bridge forms a Part: And provided also, that the Sum which may be laid out in the Repair of any Boating Pier or any Bridge, or Road of Approach thereto, which is not allowed to be rebuilt by virtue of this Act (that is, any Boating Pier or Bridge, for the Eredlion of which a separate Contradl fhail have been made by the said Commiflioners appointed by the said Adi pafTed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majeily), fhail not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds in any One Year, unless the Confent of the Commiflioners appointed by this Adi fhail have been obtained for the Expenditure of a larger Sum in such Year, under the Provifions of this Adi.

VIII.	And be it enacted. That where any Bridge directed to be maintained and kept in Repair by virtue of this Adi fhail be situated partly in one County and partly in another, every such Bridge fhail be maintained and kept in Repair in the manner directed by this Adi, at the joint Expence of such Counties, to the Extent required by this Adi; and the Afleflment hereby directed to be made fhail be imposed accordingly.

IX.	Provided further, and be it enacted, That it fhail not be lawful, for the said Commiflioners to alter, or cause or fufFer to be altered, the Line of any Road which fhail be maintained and kept in Repair by virtue of this Adi, unless such Alteration fhail be made according to the Rules and Regulations of the above recited Adi of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

X.	And, in order to enable the said Commiflioners to defray a Proportion, being One Fourth Part of the Expence of maintaining and keeping in Repair the Roads and Bridges which are directed to be maintained and kept in Repair by virtue of this Adi, until the fame shall cease to be maintained at the Public Expence, be it enacted, That it fhail and may be lawful for the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, and they are hereby required, upon the Application of the Commiflioners appointed by tiiis Adi, from time to time to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Receiver General and Paymafter of Scotland, for Payment out of any Public Money then in hi3 Hands of any Sum or Sums of Money fpecifled therein not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds in the present Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, to any Perfon duly authorized by the Commiflioners to receive the fame for the Purpofes of this Adi; and any Sum not exceeding Two thousand five hundred Pounds in any One Year afterwards to be accounted for by him in such manner as the bid Barons shall from time to time think fit to order and

direct;

How Boating Piers and Bridges kept ut Repair,

Provifion as to Bridges situated in Two Counties.

Line of Road not altered.

A Sum not exceeding 5>oooL for present Year, and 2,5001. for every fublequent Year, issued to Commiflioners, towards Repair of Roads and Bridges.



508	C.	104.	54’GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

Commiflioners of Snpplv shall aftel* for Pur-poles of ACl.

/

46 G. 3* c, 6jt

Provifo.

direct; such Perfon also giving good and sufficient Security to the Satisfadion of the said Barons, for such Monies and for any other Money which may come into his Hands in consequence of this Ad.

XI.	And, in order to raise the other Proportion, being Three Fourths of the Money so expended, be it enabled. That Affeffments shall be made by the Commiflioners of Supply in the manner herein directed ; that is to fay, the Convener of every County Meeting at the Annual Meeting of the Commiflioners of Supply which shall take place for the AflefTment of the Land Tax in the Spring of every Year during the Continuance of this Ad, shall lay before the Com-miflioners of Supply a Copy of this Ad, together with an Account of the Expenditure incurred by reason of this Ad, and chargeable to such County for One Year, up to the First Day of January preceding such Meeting; such Account to be certified upon Oath, and transmitted to the Convener by the Infpedor of Roads and Bridges in Scotland, or by the Agent of the Commiflioners, at lead; One Month previous to the Twenty ninth Day of Aprilin each Year; and the Commiflioners of Supply shall thereupon make an AflefTment upon each and every Proprietor, Life Renter or proper Wadfetter of Land enjoying the Dominium utile thereof, according to the Amount of their respective Rents and Profits, as assessed to the Property Tax in the Year ending the Fifth Day of April lad, under Schedule (A.), of an Ad passed in the Forty lixth Year of His present Majedy, intituled An A3 for granting to His Majesty during the present Wary and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peaccy further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Profejfionsy Trades and Offices ; and for repealing an A3 passed in the Forty fifth Tear of His present Mayflyy for repealing certain Parts of an A3 made in the Forty third Tear of His present Majesty for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Pro-feffionsy Trades and Officesy and to consolidate and render more effeSual the Provfions for colleSing the said Dutiesy for such Sum or Sums of Money as shall in the whole repay the Money advanced on behalf of the Heritors of such County for the Purpofes of this Ad ; which Sum shall be paid over to the Commiflioners or their Agent at Edinburgh, from time to time as the fame may have been collected and levied by the Collcdor, in Payment of Three Fourths of the Expence of the Repair of the Roads and Bridges of the said County during the preceding Year; and, in order that the Commiflioners of Supply may be enabled to make the AflefTment required by this Ad, the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes are hereby directed, upon the Application of the Commiflioners of Supply, to communicate to them an Account of the Amount to which every such Proprietor, Life Renter or proper Wadfetter of Land enjoying the Dominium utile thereof, shall have been so assessed to the Property Tax : Provided always, that no County as such shall be assessed for Payment of the Expences incurred under this Ad in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, nor in any subsequent Year, higher than the Rate of Three Halfpennies in the Pound upon the Rents and Profits assessed to the Property Tax as aforesaid; and the Payment of the Money which shall be levied in consequence of such AflefTment, according to the fame Rules, and making the fame Allowances as were made in the Collection of the Property Tax for the Year ending

the

CjOoq le

5°9

A.D.1814.	540	GEO.	III.	C. 104.

the Fifth of jlpril One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall accordingly be deemed and taken to be a Payment in full to the Com-miflioners or their Agent at Edinburgh, towards the Expences incurred in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or any subsequent Year, in Execution of this Ad.

XII.	And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners of Supply of any County, at the Annual Meeting at which they afTemble to assess the Land Tax, to appoint a fit Perfon to be a Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, and such Officers as they shall think necessary, for the due Execution of this Ad, with such Salaries or Allowances as such Commiflioners of Supply shall think fit ; for which Provifion shall be made in the Amount ot each Afleflment pursuant to this Ad ; and from time to time to remove such Officers, or any of them, as they shall fee Occafion, and appoint others, in cases of Removal, Refignation or Death.

XIII.	Provided further, and be it enacted, That when, by any Ad or Ads of Parliament already made or to be made, any Tolls or Duties shall be applicable, and where any Converfions for Statute Labour shall be allocated or appropriated to the Repair of any Road or Bridge, made or built pursuant to the said recited Ad palled in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or to any Road made for the Purpofes of Military Communication, all Monies arising from such Tolls and Duties, or such Conversions, shall and may be applied in the manner in which such Monies are directed to be applied by any such Ad or Ads respectively; and such Monies shall be imputed in Part Payment of the Proportion of the Expence of such Repairs as is not to be borne by the said Commiflioners; and in making any Afleflment pursuant to this Ad, regard shall be had to all such Monies which are or may be applicable to the Maintenance and Repair of any Road or Bridge for which any such AfTefT-ment is to be made.

XIV.	And be it enacted. That if the Commiflioners of Supply assembled at any Annual Meeting at which they afTemble to assess the Land Tax, shall fail or neglect to make an Afleflment in the manner directed by this Ad 5 or if no Meeting shall have been holden before which the Account of the Expenditure incurred by reason of this Ad and chargeable to such County, shall nave been laid by the Convener in the manner directed by this Ad, then the Commiflioners appointed by this Ad shall, and they are hereby authorized to direct His Majefly's Advocate General for 1Scotland, to institute the necessary Procefs for compelling the said Commiflioners to raise and pay over to the Infpedor the Monies which shall be or shall become due to him under the Provifions of this Ad.

XV.	And be it enacted, That every Afleflment made pursuant to this Ad shall be levied and recovered by the Colledor of the Land Tax of the County within which it shall have been made, in the fame manner as the Land Tax is or may be levied and recovered, and at such time or times as such Commiflioners of Supply shall direct, within Six Months after the Afleflment shall have been made; and such and the like Remedies, Powers, Penalties and Forfeitures are hereby given, for the Payment and Recovery of every such Afleff-ment, which are given or may be applied and enforced for the Payment and Recovery of the Land Tax: Provided always, that every fodi Colledor shall find Security for his faithful and true accounting

for

CommifTioner* of Supply may appoint Officers.

Application of Tolls, and Converfions for Sutute Labour.

Lord Advocate to institute Procefs against Commiflioners of Supply, failing to aflefii County.

Affeffment how levied.

Collectors to fiud Security.





5io

C. 104.

54° GEO. in.

A.D.iSt4«

Coll eft or neglecting to levy Affeflrnent.

Penalty.

Afleffment when levied how disposed of. Collector, Allowance lo, for Trouble.

Afleflments in County of Argyll how nade.

AfTefTment in Ifland of Arran.

Monies received by virtue of AfTefTment accounted for.

for ami paying all Monies to be received by him pursuant to this Aft, in the fame manner that such Colleftor does for his faithful and true accounting and paying all Sums of Money received by him as Colleftor of the Land Tax.

XVI.	And be it enacted, That if any Colleftor of the Land Tax shall fail or neglect to levy such AflefTment or any Part of such AflefTment within Six Months as aforeTaid, every such Colleftor shall be liable to pay a Sum equal to double the Amount thereof; which Sum shall be applicable towards the Expence of repairing Roads and Bridges under the Provifions of this Aft, and for that Purpofe shall be paid into the Hands of the Commiflioners appointed by this Aft; Three Fourths of the fame to be placed to the Credit of the Account of the County wherein such Default of the Colleftor has taken place; One Fourth to be added to the Money imprefted into the Hands of the Commiflioners by the Barons of the Exchequer.

XVII.	And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money received by any such Colleftor pursuant to this Aft, shall be remitted by him to the Agent of the Commiflioners : Provided always, that every such Colleftor may retain for his own Ufe, out of all Monies to be so received as aforeTaid, such Allowance, not exeeeding the Rate of Allowance made for levying the Aflefled Taxes; and for which Allowance Provifion shall be made in the Amount of each AflefTment over and above the Sum due to the Commiflioners appointed by this Aft.

‘ XVIII. And Whereas it may be expedient in the County of

*	Argyll to make the Afleflments directed by this Aft upon certain « Diftrifts of that County, instead of affefling the County at large

*	for the Expences to be incurred in the Execution thereofBe it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Heritors of the said County, at the Michaelmas Head Court which shall be holden next after the palling of this Aft, to determine whether the AffefT-rnent directed by this Aft shall be made and levied upon particular Diftrifts thereof, for the Maintenance and Repair of the Roads within such several Diftrifts, or upon the County at large, in which case the AfTefTments directed by tnis Aft shall be made and levied upon such Diftrifts; but if no Determination shall take place at such Head Court, the Afleflments shall be made and levied upon the County at large 5 and in either case the Colleftor of the Land Tax of the said County shall pay over to the Commiflioners or their Agent at Edinburgh, in the manner and under the Penalty aforeTaid, Three Fourth Parts of the Expence of the Repair of such Roads and Bridges in the said County, as shall be maintained and kept in Repair under the Provifions of this Aft.

* XIX. And Whereas Roads and Bridges have been made and

*	built in the Ifland of Arran in the County of Bute> pursuant t6

*	the said recited Aft 'patted in the Forty third Year of the Reign

*	of His present Majesty, but no such Road9 or Bridges have been

*	made or built in any other Part of the said County 5’ Be it therefore enacted, That no AflefTment directed to be made by this Aft shall be made or levied in any Part of the County of Bute, excepting in the Ifland of Arran.

XX. And be it Racted, That all Monies paid over by fuck Colleftor to the Agent of the Commiflioners appointed by this Aft, by virtue of any AflefTment to be made puriixant to this A ft, 23	fhall

CjOOQle

shall be accounted for by such Agent in the manner in which the said Sums of Money directed to be imprefted by the Warrant of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, or any other Sums of Money which shall come into his Hands in consequence of this A6\, are hereby directed to be accounted for.

XXI.	And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Commlffioneri the Commiflioners appointed by this Ad, and they are hereby to make Rules empowered from time to time, to make such Rules and Regulations, 311 egu auoui* and to give such Orders and Diredions as they may think proper,

for the more effectual Maintenance and Repair of the Roads and Bridges hereby intended to be maintained and repaired; provided that such Rules and Regulations, Orders and Diredions, shall not be inconsistent with the Laws of Scotland, or with the Provifions of this Ad, and shall be notified to the Perfon or Perfons required to conform to the fame.

XXII.	And be it enacted. That on or before the Twenty fifth Commi(Turners Day of March in every Year, a Report shall be made to. both report to Houfes of Parliament, by the Commiflioners appointed by this Ad ar IJ,nenU (or if Parliament shall not then be fitting, within Twenty one Days

after Parliament shall next meet), specifying their Proceedings pursuant to this Ad 5 with a general Abftraft of the Receipts and Expenditure in carrying this Ad into Execution during the preceding Year: And where the Expenditure hereby directed to be Expenditure out defrayed out of the Monies paid into their Hands by Warrant of ®f Impreft Mo-the Barons of the Exchequer, shall exceed the Sum hereinbefore limited arid appointed for that Purpose, the said Commiflioners shall motioned6 Ac-further, at such times as they may find necessary, transmit an Account count tranfmit-thereof to the Lords of the Treasury, in order that the fame may ted to Treasury. be laid before Parliament.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Infpe&ortnay

lawful for the Infpeftor of Roads and Bridges in Scotland, to	^

empower such Perfon or Perfons as he in Writing under his Hand

shall appoint, to dig, gather, take and carry away any Gravel, Furze,

Heath, Stones, Sand or other Materials out of the several Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons, whether the fame be inclosed or uninclosed (not being the Ground whereon any House or Buildings stand, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to any House, or any Piece or Parcel of inclosed Ground, planted, fet apart and used as Pleafure Ground, Plantation or Nunery for Trees), where such Materials are or may be found, and from time to tane to carry away the fame, or so much thereof as the said Infpeftor or any Perfon appointed by him as aforesaid, shall judge necessary for repairing the Roads or Bridges directed to be repaired by this Aft, giving at least Eight Days’ previous Notice in Writing, and paying such Sum or Sums of Money for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers respectively of said Ground, where and from whence the fame shall be digged, gathered, carried away or over which the fame shall be carried, as the said Infpeftor or any Perfon appointed by him as aforesaid, shall think reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the fame between such Owners or Oceu-frim, and the said Infpeftor or any Perfon appointed by him a9 aforesaid, touching such Damage, the fame shall and may be determined by the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute of the County, wherein fad1 Materials shall be situated, whose Decifion shall be final, without





Injuring or oh-iirudting Hoads.

Penalty.

Order of Sheriff final.

Driving against Parapets, &c.

Penalty.

Order of Sheriff final.

out being subject to Advocation, Sufpenfion or Redudion ; but any such Difference or Difpute shall not in the mean time hinder the carrying off or using the said Materials for repairing the said Roads or Bridges.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled. That in case the Infpedor of Roads and Bridges, or any Perfon appointed by him, shall observe any Nuifances or Encroachments, Obftrudions of Ditches, Drains, Gutters and Watercourses, or any other Annoyances, made* committed or permitted, in or upon or to the Prejudice of any of the Roads and Bridges to be maintained and kept in Repair by virtue of this Ad, he shall give or cause to be given, to any Perfon or Perfons doing, committing or permitting the fame, perfonai Notice^ or Notice in Writing, to be left at his, her or their ufuai Place or Places of Abode, specifying the Particulars wherein such Nuifances, Encroachments, Obftrudions or Annoyances consist; and if the fame shall not be removed, and the Ditches, Drains, Gutters and Watercourfes effectually cleansed and opened, within Seven Days after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, the said Infpedor or the Perfon appointed by him, is hereby authorized and empowered forthwith to remove such Nuifances, Obftrudions and Annoyances, and to open, cleanse and scour such Ditches, Drains, Gutters and Watercourses; and the Perfon neglecting to observe and obey the above mentioned Notice shall repay the Infpedor, or the Perfon appointed by him, such Charges as shall be allowed to be reasonable by the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute of the County, and shall also forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds ; and in Default of Payment thereof]! the fame shall be levied and recovered with Expences of Procefs in a summary way, before the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute of the County wherein the Offence shall have been committed ; which Sum shall be paid to the said Infpedor, or the Perfon appointed by him, to be paid over to the Agent of the Commissioners, and to be applied by him in Diminution of the AfTeffment for repairing Roads and Bridges in such County in the next Year; and in every such case the Order or Sentence of the Sheriff shall be final and conelusive, without being subject to Advocation, Sufpenfion or Reduction.

* XXV. And WThereas Drivers of Carts and Carriages wilfully 4 or wantonly, or through culpable Negligence, may drive against or 4 suffer such Carts and Carriages to strike against the retaining

*	Walls and Parapet Walls of the Roads or Bridges which are to 4 be maintained and kept in Repair by the Provisions of this Ad, 4 or to pass over or strike against Banks of Caufeways appertaining

•	to such Roads ;* Be it enacted, That every Perfon guilty of any such Offence shall, upon Complaint thereof before the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute of the County where the Offender shall be or reside, by the Oath of any one credible Witnefs, or upon View of the Sheriff himself, forfeit for every of the said Offences any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, to any Perfon who shall make such Complaint as aforesaid 5 and in Default of Payment thereof shall be committed to Prifon for any time not exceeding One Month, nor less than One Week, at the Difcretion of such Sheriff, unless the fame be sooner paid; and in every such case the Order or Sentence of the Sheriff shall be final and conelusive, without being subject to Advocation, Sufpenfion or Redudion.

* XXVI. And

i

.1	* * A



AJ),i8i4*	54°	GEO.	III.	C.	104,	105.	513

XXVI.	And be it further enabled, That this A& shall commence Cominuagee of and take place, from and after the palling thereof, and shall have Continuance from thenceforward, to the End of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, in so far as concerns the Repair of Roads and Bridges ; and further for the raising, levying and recovering of any Monies due to the Commifiioners, until such Money shall have been duly paid into the Hands of them, or of their Agent, duly authorized to receive the fame.

CAP. CV.

An A£t to remove Doubts as to the Duties and Taxes heretofore imposed and levied under the Authority of the several Governments in the Eafl Indies.	[23d July	1814.]

‘ TT7HEREAS Doubts have arisen as to certain Duties and , yy Taxes heretofore imposed by the several Governments of * Fort William in Bengal, Madras, Bombay and Prince of Wales's 1 IJland refpedivelyMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all Duties of Cuftoms and power of levy-other Taxes heretofore made or imposed, as well upon Britifb ing Duties, &c. Subje&s as Foreigners, and other Perfons whomsoever, by the Orders by Government* or under the Authority of the Governor General in Council of Fort	con‘

William in Bengal, the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, the Governor in Council of Bomb ay, and the Governor in Council of Prince of Wales's IJland, respectively, within the several Towns of Calcutta and Madras, the Town and Iflandof Bombay and Prince of Wales's IJland, and upon all Perfons whomsoever reiident or being therein respectively, and in respect to all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Commodities and Property whatsoever, also being therein respectively, and also upon all Perfons whomsoever, whether Britijh-born or Foreigners, resident or being in any Country or Place within the Authority of the said Governments respectively, and in re-fpe& of all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Commodities and Property whatsoever, being in any such Country or Place, and also all Orders and Regulations for the Imposition, levying, raifyig or recovering, any such Duties of Cuftoms or other Taxes, or in any ways relating thereto, and all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, heretofore imposed or levied by or under the Authority of such Governor General in Council and Governors in Council respectively, for the Nonpayment of such Duties or Taxes, or for the Breach of any Laws or Regulations heretofore made by such Governor General in Council and Governors in Council respectively, respecting such Duties and Taxes, shall be and the fame are hereby confirmed, and shall be deemed to be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes what-loever according to the true Intent and Meaning of the several Orders,

Regulations and Usages, under which any such Duties, Taxes, Fines,

Penalties and Forfeitures have been imposed or levied, as fully and tffe&ually if as the fame had been imposed and made respectively under the Provifions of an A& made in the last Sefiion of Parlia- 53 G. 3. c.155. ment, intituled Am A8 for continuing in the East India Company for a farther Term the PoJfcJJutn of the Britiih Territories in India, to-54 Geo. III.	L	I	getber

■  

5*4

Order*, kc. to remain in force, and Pei tons in-Uerrnified.

Provifo.

3» c;-3 i'.2C.



$ 41.

get her with certain exclusive Privileges ; for ejlahlijhing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better /idmi-niftration of Jujlicc within the fame ; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter; any Ad or Ads of Parliament or Law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding, and all Arrears of such Duties and Taxes may be demanded, levied, filed for and recovered, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Breach of any such Rules and Regulations in relation to any such Duties and Taxes shall and may be sued for, recovered and enforced under the Provifions of the said recited Ad, as fully and effectually as if the fame had been nnposed, made, incurred or arisen after the palling thereof.

II. And be it further enacted. That all such Orders, Regulations, Usages, Duties, Taxes, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect until the fame respectively shall be repealed, altered or varied, by any Orders or Regulations made and pafl'ed, or to be made and palied, under or by virtue of the hid recited Ad 5 and all Perfons who have been engaged or concerned in advifmg, palling, imposing, demanding, levying or recovering »y such Orders, Regulations, Duties, Taxes, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be and are hereby indemnified in respect thereof, and of all Proceedings and Ads had, done or taken under and according to the true Intent and Meaning of any such Orders, Regulation! or Usages; and all Adions and Suits whatsoever which have been or hereafter shall be commeneed, sued or prosecuted, for or touching the Receipt, Colledion or Impofition of any filch Duties, Taxes, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, shall be and become absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, five and except for the Purpofe of recovering any Cofts which may have been incurred in any such Adion, and which nath been or may be awarded to be paid by any Party thereto: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to confirm any Ad or Proceeding, or to indemnify any Perfon or Perfons in respect of any Ad or Proceeding, done without the Authority or contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of any such Order, Regulation or Ufage as is hereby intended to be confirmed.

CAP. CVI.

An Ad to remove Doubts, as to the Allowance of Dra^acks upon Bibles and Books of Prayer to The King’s Printers, under an Ad palled in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty.	[23d July 1^14.]

4 II J HE REAS an Ad was pa(Ted in the Thirty fourth Year of ‘ YV the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB for 4 repealing the Duties on Paperf Pajleboard, Millboard, Seaieboard 4 and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in Iren thereof; 4 by which said Ad a Drawback or Allowance is given and made 4 for all Paper used in printing Bibles, Teftaments, Pfjrfm Books, t4 Books of Common Prayer and Confeffion of Faith, and the larger : 4 and shorter Catechifm, upon certain Conditions therein particularly * 4 specified, and among others, upon Condition, that Oath fliatt be 4 made imuanner preferibed by the said Ad, by Tile King’s Printers 4 in Lngl4ftd utd Scotland respectively, before the ConufBonm of

14	* Exdfe

v^,ooQle

5lS

540 GEO. III.

C. 106,107.

Printing Houfes approved by Commiflioners of Treasury, deemed usual and ordinary Printing House of The King’s Printers.

4 Excife or any Two or more of them in England and Scotland re-4 fpeftively, that the Whole of the Imprettion or Edition of such Bible, Teftament, Pfalm Book, Book of Common Prayer, Confef-4 Hon of Faith, or larger or shorter Catechifm, in respect of which * such Allowance or Drawback shall be claimed, has been printed 4 by him or them, at his or their ufital and ordinary Printing 4 House, on his or their own Account: And Whereas Doubts have 4 arisen as to what House, Office or Premises, may or shall be con-4 fidered to be the usual and ordinary Printing Houle of The King’s 4 Printers, within the Meaning of the Prd recited Aft, for the 4 Purpofe of obtaining the said Drawback or Allowance For removing and remedy thereof, be it declared and enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by ;.nd with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefrut Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That every House, Office or Place, heretofore approved of or which may hereafter be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer, or by the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Trealury, or any Two or more of them, in which The King’s Printers in England and Scotland respectively shall have printed, or may hereafter print, by themselves or their own bona fide Agents, and not by others, and for their own foie and undivided Interelt, the whole of any Impreffion or Edition of any Bible, Teftament, Pfalm Book, Book of Common Prayer,

Confeffion of Faith or larger or shorter Catechifm, shall be deemed and taken to be a usual and ordinary Printing House of such King’s Printer within the true Meaning of the said recited Aft, for all tne Purposes of the said recited Aft, and the adminiitering and taking such Oath respectively, and the entitling such King’s Printer to the Drawbacks and Allowances to which they may be by Law entitled m respect of the Paper used in printing Bibles, Teftaments, Pfalm Books, Books of Common Prayer, Confeffion of Faith or larger or shorter Catechifm, at any such Printing Houfes.

CAP. CVIL

An Aft to render valid certain Indentures for the binding of Parifti Apprentices, and Certificates of the Settlement of Poor Perfons.	[23d	July	1814.]

4 VI7 HERE AS by an Aft palled in the Forty third Year of 4 W Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth* intituled An A8 for 43 * the ReTuf of the Poor, it is enacted, That it shall be lawful for $1#

4 the Church-wardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parifh, or 4 the greater Part of them, by the A Sent of Two Junices of the 4 Peace, to bind the Children of such Parents as shall not by the 4 laid Churchwardens and Overseers, or the greater Part of Uieta,

4 be thought.able to maintain their Children, to be Apprentices:

4 A»d Whereas by an Aft patted in the Eighth and Ninth Year of 8 8c 9 W.3. 4 His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An AQ for c'3°*tx’

4 Supplying some Defied* in the Law for the Relief of the Poor <f 4 (hi* Kingdom* it is enacted. That Penoos coming to iuhabit in any ,4 Parilh,, Townlhip or Place, shall bring with them a Certificate • wder tfie Hands and Seals of the Churchwardens and Overseers 4 of- the Pppfy or the major Part of them, of some other Parilh,

4	fr	Place,	thereby	owning	and	acknowledging	the Pcrfoo

L 1 a	4	or



A.D.i8i4-

Indentures nml Certificates of .Settlement v.-liJ, although Cliurchwairiens, .vc. nut hvovn hi.

ihovilb.

Indentures and Certificates valid if executed by Overlbers of the Poor of any Tovvr,lhip,/fcc.

Provifo for Settlements.

C. 107.	54" GEO. III.

*	or Pcrfons mentioned in the said Certificate, to be an Inhabitant or

*	Inhabitants legally fettled in that Parifh, Townfhip or Place : And

*	Whereas divers Parifhes contain within themselves several Town-c ships, Hamlets or Chapelries, each of which separately maintains its

*	own Poor: And Whereas in such Parifhes thei Churchwardens are € for the most Part sworn into their Offices as Churchwardens of the ‘ whole Parifh, although in Truth and in Fad they ad as Churcli-

*	wardens of the separate Townships, Hamlets or Chapelries there-

*	in contained ; And Whereas divers Indentures for the binding of

*	Parifh Apprentices, and Certificates of the Settlements of Poor

*	Perfons, have heretofore been signed and executed by a Perfon

*	or Perfons styling himself or themselves, and Hated in such Inden-c tures and Certificates, to be Churchwarden or Churchwardens, 1 Chapelwarden or Chapclwardens, of the Township, Hamlet or

*	Chapelry, binding such poor Apprentices, or granting such Cer-

*	tificate :	And	Whereas	fuch Perfon or Perfons have not been

*	fworn into the Office of Churchwarden or Chapclwardens of fuch

*	Township, Hamlet or Chapelry, but of Churchwarden of the

*	Parifh wherein such Township, Hamlet or Chapelry is contained;' Be it therefore enabled by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all Indentures for the binding of Poor Apprentices, and all Certificates of the Settlements of Poor Perfons, which have been heretofore signed and executed, or which shall hereafter be signed and executed by a Perfon or Perfons, who at the time of his or their signing and executing such Indenture, or Certificate of Settlement, acted as Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Chapelwarden or Chapclwardens, of the Township, Hamlet or Chapelry, binding such Poor Apprentice, or granting such Certificate of Settlement, ihall be deemed and taken to be as good, valid and effectual, as if the fame had been signed and executed by a Perfon or Perfons actually sworn into the Office of Churchwarden or Chapel-‘warden of such Township, Hamlet or Chapelry: Provided always, that such Perfon or Perfons shall have been duly sworn into the Office of Churchwarden of the Parifh wherein the Township, Hamlet or Chapelry, binding such poor Apprentice, or granting such Certificate, be contained, or into the Office of Churchwarden or Chapelwarden of such Township, Hamlet or Chapelry.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Indentures for the binding of Poor Apprentices, and all Certificates of the Settlement of Poor Perfons, which shall have been heretofore signed and executed, or which may hereafter be signed and executed by the Overseers of the Poor of any Township, Hamlet, Chapelry or Place, and the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Chapelwarden or Chapclwardens, siding for or appointed in respect of such Township, Hamlet, Chapelry or Place, or the major Part of them, shall be deemed and taken to b»e as good, valid and cfFeftual as if the said Indentures and Certificates had been signed and executed by such Overseers and the Church wardens of the Parifh wherein such Township, Hamlet, Chapelry or Pl$ce is

situate, or the major Part of them.	 /	/

‘ III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ndtlfing ’herein contained shall be construed to alter impeach or affcd the Settlement of any Perfon, for whose Removal any Ortier of Justices shall have been duly made before the passing of this Ad.



e c A P.

54* GEO. III.

C. 108, 109*

5*7

CAP. CVIII.

An A(ft to repeal Two Acts of the Thirtieth and Thirty fecend Years of King Charles the Second, for burying in Woolien, and for indemnifying Perfons against Penalties for Offences committed against the said Ads.	[23d	Jub	*8*4*1

* 7HEREAS an Ad was made in the Thirtieth Year of the 4 V V Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Aft for 4 burying in Woollen : And Whereas an Ad was made in the Thirty 4 second Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An 4 additional Aft for burying in Woolien: And Whereas it is expe-4 dient that tire said Ads should be repealed ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Ads shall be and the fame are hereby repealed-

II.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon who shall have incurred any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture, under any of the Pro-fifions of the said Ads, and against whom no Adion, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information shall have been brought before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be and is hereby wholly indemnified, freed and discharged from the fame ; any thing in the said recited Ads, or either of them to the contrary not-withftanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Adion or Adions shall before the said First Day of July have been brought or commenced against any Perfon or Perfons, for any Penalty or Forfeiture under the said recited Ads, or either of them, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Adion or Adions shall not recover, or be entitled to recover, in respect thereof, more than his or their Cofts which may have been actually incurred in such Adiou or Adions, up to the said First Day of July, to be taxed as between Attorney and Client by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Adion or Adions shall have been brought; and the Perfon or Perfons against whom any such Adion shall have been brought shall, upon Payment or Tender made to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or to the Attorney or Attornies employed in prollcuting such Adion or Adions, of the Cofts so taxed as aforesaid, be wholly indemnified, freed and discharged from and against all such Penalties and Forfeitures.

30 Car. 2.

Star. I. C. 3.

32 Car. 2. c. 1.

repealed.

Indemnity from Penalties, where no A£tion brought before tirit of July.

Where Adions hi ought before that Day, Flain-tilF> allowed Coils only.

CAP. CIX.

An Ad to amend an A& of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, to explain, amend and reduce into One Ad:, the Statutes now in force for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways within England ; and for other Purpofes.	[23d	July	1814,]

4 117HEREAS by an Ad passed in the Thirteenth Year of 13G. 3. c. 87. 4 VV Hie present Majesty, intituled An Aft to explain, amend and 4 reduce into One Aft of Parliament, the Statutes now in being for the 4 Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, within that

L 1 3	4	Part



t'»

18	C.	icg.	54°	GEO.	IIL	A.D.	1H14.

*45.

Upon Application of Surveyor of Highways, Juflices may direct additional Aflcfifmeni.

Notice of Application |iven.

Objeflions.

Amount of Af« feffment limited.

34 G.3.C.7*

*	Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purpofet,

*	the Juflices of the Peace at their General Quarter or Special 4 Seflions For the Highways are empowered to allow certain Afleff-1 mer.ts to be made and collected for the Maintenance and Repair

*	of the Highways : And Whereas it has been found by Experience,

*	that the Affeffments which are authorized by that Aft, are not

*	fufficient for the Purpofes to which the fame are therein direfted

*	to be applied Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled and by the Authority of the fame, That if upon the Application of the Surveyor of the Highways of any Parifh, Townfhip or Place, to the Juflices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Seflions, or at a Special Seflions for the Highways, the said Juflices shall be fully satisfied that the Common Highways, Bridges, Caufe-ways, Streets or Pavements, belonging to such Parifh, Townfhip or Place, are so far out of Order that they cannot be fufficiendy amended and supported by the means in the said hereinbefore recited Aft of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majefty's Reign- preferred, and by the AfTefTments therein authorized to be made, and Collested, it shall and may be lawful for the said Juflices to authorize, order and direct, an additional AfTeflment to be made on fiich Parifh, Townfhip or Place (over and above all the AfTefTments by the said Aft authorized to be made and collefted) ; which (aid additional AfTeflment shall be levied and collected by tne fame means, and in the fame manner and form, as is directed for the levying and collecting the AfTefTments made under the Authority of the said hereinbefore recited Aft, and upon the fame Perfons as are therein declared to be liable to be rated to the said AfTefTments.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That Notice of such intended Application shall be first proved before the said Juslices, upon the Oath of the Surveyor making such Application, to have been given at the Church or Chapel, on Two Sundays preceding such General or Quarter Seflions, or Special Seflions for the High* ways ; or, in Townfhips or Places where there are no Churches or Chapels, to have been stuck up in Writing in Two or more con-fpicuous Places within the said Townfhips or Places, for One Week at least previous to such General or Quarter Seflions, or Special Seflions for the Highways £ or, in Extraparochial Placet, to hate been given in Writing to some of the principal Inhabitants refidiog in such Extraparochial Place, a Week at lead before such Genov or Quarter Seflions, or Special Seflions for the Highways ; in order that any Perfon or Perfons liable to be rated to the AfTeflment intended to be applied for, may attend at such General or Quarter Seflions, or Special Seflions, if they shall think fit; there to date to the said Judices any Objeftions which he, (he or they may have to the making and collecting of such Afleffment.

IIL Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Aflef£ merit herein authorized shall not exceed the Rate of One Shilling sad Nine pence in the Pound on the actual Value at the time of making such additional AfTefTment.

‘ IV* And Whereas by an Aft palled in the Thirty fourth Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A& for varying

*	fern of the Provisions if an A& of the Thirteenth Tear f llie fre*

4 feet



A.D.18I4.	54*	GEO.	Iff.

C. 109.	519

* f*nt Majejtfs Reign* ref pc Bing the Public Highway tin that Part of

*	Great Britain called England, •which relate to Statute Duty, it is § 4.

*	enacted, that it shall be at the Option of the Surveyor either to re-

*	quire the Statute Duty in Kind, or a Composition in Money in 4 lieu thereof, at certain Rates which are therein fixed : And Whereas

*	by an Aft patted in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majetly’s

*	Reign, intituled An Ad to alter and amend so much of an AH 44 G. 3. 0,52. 1 pajftd in the Thirty fourth Tear of Hie present Majesty, as relates

*	to the Amount of the Sums to be paid by Perfons compounding for

*	the Performance of Statute Duty, the Rates for such Statute Duty § 2.

1 have been increased, so far as respect Teams, Draughts, Ploughs

4 and Carts, with One or Two Horfes: And Whereas the actual

*	Wages of Labour, and the actual Rate of hiring Teams, Carte,

*	Horfes or Oxen, vary at different times and in different Parts of

4 England f Be it therefore further enacted, That in all cases in Cw'ofulon in 'which it shall be made to appear to Two or more Jullices of the I**11 Statute Peace acting within the District, by the Surveyors of the High- ^llty* ways or of any Turnpike Road, that the Maintenance and Repair thereof can be more effectually carried on by a Compofition in Money than by a Performance of the Statute Duty in Kind, he or they fall be at Liberty to require such Compofition in Money, upon receiving an Authority under the Hands and Seals of the said Jullices for that Purpose, in lieu of either the Whole or of any certain Part of the Statute Duty, from the several Perfons who are bound by Law to perform such Statute Duty 5 and the Juitices of the Dif-trid at their Special Sedions for the Highways held in the Week next after Michaelmas, yearly, shall fix such Rates as they shall adjudge reasonable, as a Compofition in lieu of the Teams, Carts, nodes, Oxen or Labour, which such Perfons are bound in the Proportions now fixed by Law to provide or perform ; which Rates the feidjnftices are hereby authorized and required annually to make known at such Special Seifions, due regard being had to the actual Wages of Labour, and to the actual Rate of hiring Teams, Draughts,

Ploughs, Carts, Horfes or Oxen, in the Parifh, Place or Diftrift in winch such Compofition is required ; and such Compofition (Kali be paid in the fame manner, and within the fame Period, and subject to the fame Regulations and Provisions, as are now by Law ellablifhed for enforcing the Payment of Compofitions in lieu of Statute Duty :

Provided always, that in case where the whole Compofition in Money prov;fa fall not be required in lieu of the Whole of the Duty in Kind, such Competition shall be demanded in fair and equal Proportions from each and every Perfoo liable to pay the fame, unless any of the said Perfons shall prefer to pay a Compofition for the Whole of their . Statute Duty, according to the Rates fixed in the manner herein dbeded.

V. And be it further enacted. That all Perfons who are liable, RnteofCom-under any of the Provifions of any of the hereinbefore recited Afts, pofnion. to contribute to the Repair of the Highways by a Payment of	^

Money in lieu of Statute Duty, shall contribute thereto in lieu of emry Day's Statute Duty, for every Twenty Shillings of the actual annual Value at the time of making the said Affeffment of the Lauds,

Tenements, Woods, Tithes and Hereditaments which fitch Perfons	t

M rrfpe&ively occupy in the Parifh, Townihip or Place where tfey ifcfifa, or i cany other Parifh, Townfhip or Place, a Sum equal • n '	L 1 4	to





Perfons keeping Carriages though not occupying to Amount of ^cl. lhble to Compofition.

Performance of Statute Duty.

C. 109.	540 GEO. III.	A.D.t8i4.

to One Fiftieth Part of the Sum fixed by the Jufticet, at the time and in the manner by this Aft dirested, as the Compofition for One Day's Labour of a Cart, Wain or Carriage, furnished with Three Horfes and Two able Men, omitting any fraftional Part of the said Sum which does not amount to One Farthing; and all Perfons occupying more than Fifty Pounds per Annum in the Parifh, Townikip or Place wherein they reside, or in any other Parifh, Townfhip or Place, and less than One hundred Pounds per Annum, shall contribute to the Repairs of the Highways in lieu of every Day's Statute Duty, for every Twenty Shillings of the actual annual Value at the time of making the said AfTefTment of the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes and Hereditaments, which such Perfon shall respectively occupy over and beyond the said Sum of Fifty Pounds per Annum, and under One hundred Pounds, a Sum equal to One Fiftieth Part of the Sum fixed by the said Juslices, at the time and in the manner by this Aft dirested, as the Compofition for One Day's Labour of a Cart, Wain or Carriage, furnished with Three Horfes and Two able Men, omitting any fraftional Part of the said Sum which does not amount to One Farthing ; and so on progressively for every Twenty Shillings of the actual annual Value of the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes and Hereditaments which they shall refpec-tively occupy over and beyond every additional Fifty Pounds per Annum ; and the said Sum or Sums shall be paid in the fame mannw and within the fame Period, and subject to the fame Regulations and Provisions, as are now by Law established for enforcing the Payment of Compofition in lieu of Statute Duty.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Perfon who shall keep a Coach, Poft Chaise, Chair or other Wheel Carriage, and not keep a Team, Draught or Plough, nor occupy Fifty Pounds per Anmm in the Parifh, Townfhip or Place where he resides, shall pay to the Surveyor or Surveyors, in respect of every Day's Statute Duty, for every Horse which he or she shall use in drawing such Carriage, such a Sum as the Juflices shall, at the time and m the manner by this Aft dirested, fix as the Compofition for One Day's Work of a Horse 5 or shall, at the Option of the Surveyor or Surveyors, pay in lieu of every Day's Statute Duty, for every Twenty Shillings of the actual annual Value of the Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tithes and Hereditaments, which he or she shall respectively occupy, a Sum equal to One Fiftieth Part of the Sum fixed by the Juslices, at the time and in the manner by this Aft dirested, as the Compofifion for One Day's Labour of a Cart, Wain or Carriage, furnished with Three Horles and Two able Men, omitting any fraftional Part of the said Sum which does not amount to One Farthing : And the said Sum or Sums shall be paid in the fame manner, and within the fame Period, and subject to the fame Regulations and Provisions, as are now by Law eitablifhed for enforcing the Payment of CompofitioDS in lieu of Statute Duty.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all Perfons who shall refirfe or neglect to perform any Part of their Statute Duty in Rind, on being regularly summoned by the Surveyor for that Purpose, shall forfeit and pay a Sum equal to Twice the Amount of the Compoikioii for such Statute Duty a6 they shall have so neglected or refwed to perform, according to the Rates fixed by the Juflices under the Bro-vifions of this Aft ; and the said Perfons shall also be liable to perform

C^ooQle

A.D. 1814.	540 GEO. III.	C.	109, 1 id.	521

form the said Statute Duty which they have so neglected or re-

fufed to perform, either in the fame or in the following Year ; the

Payment of such Forfeitures, and the Arrears of such Statute Duty, Forfeitures and

to be enforced and applied to the Benefit of the Highway or Turn- Arrears howen-

pike Road, as the case may be, to which the original neglected Duty forced,&c.

was due or owing, by the Surveyor or Surveyors tor the time

being, and under the fame Regulations and in the fame manner as

other Forfeitures may be levied, and Statute Duty may in other cafes

be enforced by any of the Provifions of any of the said hereinbefore

recited Afts.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace Justices of and Magistrates of all Cities, Corporations, Boroughs, Precinfts, Peace, &c. to Liberties and other separate Jurifdiftions, are hereby authorized and Execute A£t. required to put in Execution every Part of this Aft within their re-

fpeftive Jurifdiftions, so far as the Provifions thereof are applicable, in as full and ample a manner as the Justices of any County or of any Divifion thereof.

IX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Not to alter this A61 contained shall alter the several hereinbefore recited Afts, former Adis but nor any Aft or Afts palled subsequently to the said hereinbefore

recited Afts, regarding the Highways or Turnpike Roads in Eng- amen c land and Walts ; but that the fame, where not expressly amended or altered by this Aft, shall remain in as full force as at the time of palling this Aft ; and that all their Powers, Authorities, Provisions,

Regulations and Forms, shall be applicable, not only to the carrying those Afts respectively into Execution, but also this Aft, so far as the fame are adapted thereto, and are not expressly varied or altered by this Aft, in as full and ample a manner as if the fame had been re-enafted in this Aft.

CAP. CX.

An Aft to prevent the Embezzlement of certain Property belonging to the Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwichy and to amend so much of an Aft of the Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty as relates to Payments to Out Penfioners of the said Hofpital redding in Ireland.	[23d	July	1814.]

WHEREAS several of the Penfioners and Nurfes in the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich% have of late pawned ‘ or otherwise disposed of the Clothes, Linen, Stores and other * Goods, delivered to them to wear or use, and it is expedient to ‘ prevent such Praftices in futureBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thil present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame£

That the Commiifioners and Governors of the said Royal Hof-	bc.

pital, their Succeffors and Ailigns, shall or may, and they are here- logins ts Hof. by authorized and empowered to cause the Clothes, Linen, Stores pital marked. -and other Articles capable of being marked, from time to time, belonging to the said Hofpital, to be marked, damped or branded with an Anchor surmounted with a Naval Crown, with Two Flagd orer the Crown, and the Letter G. on the one Side of such Device; red the Letter H. on the other Side thereof; and that if any Pawn*

broker  Goode

C. no.

522

540 GEO. HI.	AD.	1814.

Pawnbrokers or others taking in Goods marked.

Penalty.

Warrant.

Diftreis.

Imprifonment. f Sic.

Penfioners or Nurfes deserting and taking away Goods.

Imprifonment.

33 G. 3. (i.) c.23.

§3.

broker or other Perfon or Perfon8 shall take In pawn, buy, exchange or receive any Clothes, Linen or other Goods marked, damped or branded as aforesaid, from any Perfon or Perfons upon any Account or Pretence whatever (fuch Mark, Stamp or Brand thereon to be considered and taken to be sufficient Evidence without further Proof of the Right of Property in the said Commiflioners and Governors), or shall cause such Mark or Stamp, Marks or Stamps to be taken out, obliterated or defaced, the Perfon or Perfons fb offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, upon Conviction thereof, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnef3 or Witneffes before any One or more of His Majefty’s Juft ices of the Peace of the County wherein the said Offence or Offences shall be committed, which Penalty shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the said Juftice or Jullices of the Peace, by Diftreff and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Offender or Offenders, one Moiety of which said Penalty or Penalties shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall go and be paid to the Ufe of the said Hofpital; and in case any such Offender or Offenders, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of having bought, exchanged, received or taken in pawn any such Clothes, Linen or other Goods ms aforesaid, or of having caused such Mark or Stamp, Marks or Stamps as aforesaid, to be taken out or defaced, shall not hare sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs may be made to the Value of the said Penalty recovered against him, her or them for such Offence or Offences, or shall not pay such Penalty or Penalties within Four Days after such Convi&ion, then and in such case such Juftice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under hit Hand and Seal, either f commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Three Calendar Months; and that if any Penfioner er Nurfe of the said Hofpital shall desert or run away from the fame, and carry away with them any Clothes, Linen or other Goods belonging to the said Hofpital, such Perfon or Perfons being lawfully convicted thereof, by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the Town, City or County where he, (he or they shall be apprehended, for the Space of Six Calendar Months, without Bail or Mainprize.

* II. And Whereas by an Adi passed in the Parliament of Inlaid, 4 in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad 4 for the Encouragement of Seamen and Marina employed in the 4 Royal Navy, by rendering it more easy to Petty Officers and Sei-4 men, Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines and Marines, to remit 4 their Wages to this Kingdom, and by providing for the Payment 4 in this Kingdom of the Wages due to deceafsd Officers, Seamen and 4 Marines as aforefaid9 Provifion was made for enabling Seamen 4 resident in that Kingdom to receive Out Penfiont granted to tban

*	by the said Commissioners or Governors of the said HofpittVabd 4 for preventing Frauds and Abufet attending the fame, which has 1 not been found effectual for the Attainment of the rood Parpofes

•	intended thereby ;* Be it therefore eaacted, That to feath*of the

foid recited Aft at relates to any Ptamfioti1 or	for

enabling

v^ooQle

C.rllO.

523

AiD.^14.

S4° GEO. III.

enabling Seamen resident in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to receive Out Penfions granted to them by the said Com-miffioners and Governors of the laid Hofpital, and for preventing Frauds and Abufes attending the fame, shall be repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the said Hofpital for the time being, or his Deputy, legally authorized, shall, when and as often as Occafion shall require, make out or cause to be made out, Two Certificates for any Out Penfion granted by the (aid Commissioners and Governors to Seamen redding m that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, which Certificates shall be Duplicates and joined together with oblique Lines, Flourifhes or Devices, and numbered, dated and signed by the said Treasurer or his Deputy, or his First Clerk, and atteued by the Steward of the Lid Hofpital, or his First Clerk, or the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hofpital, or his First Clerk, and addressed to the Colle&or of the DiftriCt in Ireland in which the Perfon named in the Certificate as Out Penfioner shall reside, and shall be written or printed in the Form or to the Effett fet forth in the Schedule to this Adi marked (A.), one of which Certificates shall be transmitted to the Perfon named therein as an Out Penfioner of the said Hofpital, and the other shall be transmitted to the Colle&or to whom the fame shall be addressed, ^nd upon the Duplicate of such Certificate being produced and delivered to such Colle&or by the Perfon entitled, or claiming to be entitled to receive the Money therein mentioned, such Colledfor dull examine the said Duplicate and enquire into the Truth thereof, by the Oath of the Perfon producing the fame (which Oath such Colle&or is hereby empowered and directed to adminifter), and being duly satisfied of the Truth thereof, he shall immediately, without Fee or Reward on any Pretence whatever, pay to the Perfon specified in such Certificate, the Sum mentioned therein, taking his Receipt os the Back thereof for the fame : Provided always, that the Claim upon or on account of such Duplicate shall be made to the Colle&or within Nine Calendar Months from the Date thereof; and in case the Duplicate of such Certificate shall not be produced and delivered, and the Payment of the Money therein mentioned be not demanded within Nine Calendar Months from the Date thereof, then the .CoUe&or shall transmit the Certificate to the Treasurer of the said Hofpital at Greenwich*

IV.. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Colle&or to whom the Duplicate of any such Certificate shall be tendered as hereinbefore mentioned, in order to receive Payment of the Money therein mentioned, shall not have in his Hands Public Money fuificient toanfwer the fame, or shall refuse or delay immediate Payment thereof, such Collector shall indorce on the Back of the Duplicate of such Certificate, the Day of its being tendered to him, and the Caufe of Us Refufsd or Delay to pay the fame; and shall appoint thereon far Payment of such Certificate some future Day, within the Space of One Month at farthest from the Day of its being presented to him; which Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereon, shall immediately be delivered back to the Perfon prefeoting the fame \ and if on Coqqdaint nude to the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Revenue in Irdpnd) who* or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized 10 hear and detensoae the fame, it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, or any Three or more of them* that any

fuen





repealed.

Out Penfions how paid.

Provifo.

Collectors to whom Duplicates of Certifi-ca*es tendered, not having Money in Hand, to inJorle thereon Caufe of Delay, See. Collectors un-neceffarily delaying Payment, See.

524

Penalty.

Commissioners of Revenue to credit Account? of Colled ors paying Money.

Falfely perfon-ating others, or forg ing Certificates, See.

Death. Public Aft.

C.iio.	54°GEO.IU.	A.D.1814.

such Colle&or hath unnecessarily or wilfully refused or delayed Pay. ment of fueh Certificate as aforesaid, the fame having been presented to him, or that such Collector, or any Perfon employed by or under him, hath directly or indirectly received or taken any Fee, Gratuity, Difcount or Deduction whatever, on account of Payment of such Money, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commiflioners to fine such Collector in a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds; which Fine shall be recovered and levied in such and the fame manner as any Penalty for any Offence against any Law by which any Duties of Cuitoms or Excife is imposed or levied in Ireland ; and the said Fine1, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers against such Offender or Offenders.

V.	And be it enacted, That every Collector who shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Perfon entitled to receive the fame in pursuance of this ACt, shall return the Duplicate on which the Acknowledgment of the Receipt of such Money shall be endorsed, to the aforesaid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Revenue, who shall once in every Quarter of a Year cause a Certificate to be given to such Collector, specifying the Amount of the Money appearing by such Receipts to have been in pursuance of this ACt, by such Collector paid within such Quarter; and every such Collector shall be credited by the said Commiflioners for the Payment of such Money, in like manner as if the fame had been advanced and paid, in pnrfu-ance of the Orders of the said Commiflioners, for any other Purpofet for which they arc entitled to issue Orders for Collectors for the Payment of Money.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That whosoever willingly or knowingly shall personate or falsely assume the Name or CharaCtar of, or procure any other to personate or falsely to assume the Name or Character of any Perfon to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid fhall'have been granted, in order to receive the Money mentioned in such Certificate, or shall willingly and knowingly personate or falsely assume the Name or Character of, or procure any other to personate or falsely to assume the Name or Character of any Perfon, in order to receive any Money due or supposed to be due for or on account of any Out Penfion granted by the said Hofpital; or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited any Bill, Certificate, Letter of Attorney, Ticket, Certificate, Afligiw ment, last Will or any other Power or Authority, or other Document whatsoever, in order to receive any such Money 5 or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath, or procure any other Perfon to take a false Oath, in order to receive Payment of any Money due or supposed to be due for or on account of any Out Penfion granted by the said Hofpital; or shall utter or publish as true any false, forged or counterfeited Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate, Affignment, last Will or any other Power or Authority, in order to receive Payment of any Money due, or supposed to be -due, for or on account of any Out Penfion ; being lawfully coovi&ed of any of the said Offences, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, rj»d shall suffer Death as a Felon, without the Benefit of Clergy. < I

VI I. And be it further enacted, That this A& fhall1 be and the fame is hereby declared to be a Public A61; and all Judges^Juftion and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as filch, without specially pleading the lame.,

SCHE-

CjOOQie

A.D. 1814^

540 GEO. III.

C. 110, hi

525

SCHEDULE (A.) to which this Act refers.

No.

Royal Hofpital, Greenwich,

Day of

J CERTIFY that B» D. of	in	the County of

being an Out Penfioner of Greenwich Hofpital, is entitled to the Sum of	Pounds	Sterling,	and	that

he has desired the fame to be paid by you to	Colle&or of His Majefty’s Revenue at

Si d f A. B. Treasurer of the said Hofpital, \ or his First Clerk.

{C. D. Steward [or, First Clerk to the Steward] of the Royal Hofpital at Greenwich, [or. Clerk to the Check, or First Clerk to the Clerk of the Check] of the Royal Hofpital at Greenwich.

BY virtue of the A6t of 54th Geo. III. *

[N; B. This Certificate, if Payment in consequence thereof shall not be demanded in Nine Calendar Months from the Date hereof, is to be returned to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hofpital.]

The personating or falsely assuming the Name and Chara&er of any Out Penfioner of Greenwich Hofpital, in order fraudulently to receive the Penfion due to such Penfioner, is Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

The Officer to whom the within Bill is addrefied, is directed to examine the Duplicate thereof when presented, and enquire into the Truth by the Oath of the Perfon presenting the fame, and being satisfied, he is to certify to that Effeft on the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount without Fee or Reward 5 but if he shall not be able to pay the Amount from not having Public Money fuficient in his Hands, he is to note the Caufe of his refuting Payment, and shall appoint another Day within One Month at farthest from that time, and shall deliver back the Bill so noted to the Perfon* presenting it, and if upon Complaint to the Commiffioncrs of His Majefty's Revenue in Ireland, it shall appear that the Officer to whom this i9 addressed has unnecefiarily delayed Payment, or taken any Fee, or made any Dedu&ion whatever, he will be subject to a Fine not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

CAP. CXI.

An A& to continue certain A&s of the Parliament of Ireland for preventing the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder and . Ammunition; and the making, removing, felling and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms and Ammunition, without Licence.

[23d July 1814.]

‘ TITHEREAS an A6f was made in the Parliament of Ireland ;6 G. 3. (I.) ‘ V V in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, c- 4*.

‘ intituled An A3 to prevent the Importation of Arms> Gunpowder ‘ and Ammunition into this Kingdom ; and the makings removing) felling ‘ and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms and Ammunition, without Licence ;

1 and which was to continue in force for the Term in the faid

‘	*	«	Aft



39 0-3- 0 )

c- 37-

[40 0.3.(1)

c. 96.

47 O 3. SefT 1. c.8.]

continued.

47 G. 3. Stir. I.

c. 44.

Grand Juries rosy present 25cl. at each AlTizes in Counties at large, and also in Counties of Cities and Towns, for i ever Hofpiials.

No Money pre-lented, unless Accounts of Re-

C. 111,112.	54*	GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

4 A€t mentioned: And Whereas an Ad was made in the Parlia-

*	ment of Ireland in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His

*	prefent Majessy, intituled An A3 the better to regulate the Mann-

*	fcifture and Sale of Gunpowder within this Kingdom ; and which

*	was to continue in force for the Term in the said last recited Aft 4 mentioned; both which recited A&s of the Thirty sixth and

*	Thirty ninth Years aforesaid were by an A£l made in the Par-4 liament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majefty’s 4 Reign, and by another Ad made in the Parliament of the United 4 Kingdom in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, further continued ; and the said Ads are now in force

4 until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and !

*	fourteen : And Whereas it is expedient that the said Ads Ihould

*	be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords iSpiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said recited Ads of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years aforesaid, shall be and the fame are hereby further continued on and from the said Firfl Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, for the Space of Seven Years, and no longer.

CAP. CXII.

An Ad for the further Encouragement of Fever Hofpitalsin

Ireland.	[23d	July 1814.]

WHEREAS in and by an Ad made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad /•

• amend an AQ made in the lajl SeJJion of Parliament, for regulating • and providing for the Relief of the Poor9 and the Management if 4 Infirmaries and Hofpiials in Ireland; it is enacted, That it shall 4 be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County of a City, or Conoty 4 of a Town, in Ireland, where any Fever Hofpital is eftahlished,

4 to present any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, at say • Spring or Summer Aflizes, for the Support of such Hofpital: And 4 Whereas it is expedient to extend the said Ad to all Counties in 4 Ireland ; and to increase the Amount of the Sun to be prefeated 4 by such Grand Jury ;f Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prtfent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That whenever any Fever Hofpital has been or shall be established in any County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, h shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, at any Spring or Summer Aflizes, and such Grand Jury is hereby authorized to present such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred and 6fty Pounds at eacn such Aflizes, as shall appear to the said Jury and to the Judge at such Aflizes, to be necessary for the Support of such Fever Hofpital; and such Sum shall be raised off the County at large, or County of a City or County of a Town* refpedirely, andktfedtnd applied accordingly.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted. That before any such Preferment shall be made by any Grand Jvryy aa Account of the

Receipt



A.D. 1814.	540	GEO. III.	C.	112,113.	52	7

Receipt and Expenditure of fucli Fever Hofpital, from the time of ceipt and Exits Eftablifhment to the time of the First Prefentment required, and penditureexf afterwards from the time of each Prefentment till the time when any ^ before further Prefentment is required, shall be laid before such Grand Jury $ u ury# and if such Grand Jury are not satisfied with such Account, it shall be lawful for them to refuse to make any such Prefentment.

CAP. CXIII.

An Aft to vest in His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, for ever, Part of the Ground and Buildings now belonging to the Society of King's Inns> Dublin, for the erecting thereon a Repofitory for Public Records in Ireland.

[23d July 1814.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient, for the Security and convenient Ufe of the Public Records of Ireland, that ad-* ditional Repofitories should be forthwith provided for them : And • Whereas the Society of King's Inns, Dublin, (land seized and < possessed to them and their Succeifors for ever, of certain Grounds 1 in the County of the City of Dublin, styled The Plover Field\ and * Part of Redmond's Farm, both lying and situate near Glafmaenogc,

4 in the County of the City of Dublin, and under the Provifions of * an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty eighth 38 G. 3. (I.)

* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled jin Aft to c-49*

* enable the Dean and Chapter of Chrilf Church, Dublin, and other 1 Perfons therein named, to grant certain Grounds in the City of 1 Dublin to the Society of the King's Inns, Dublin, the said Grounds 4 are fobject: to certain Rents in the said Aft mentioned: And * Whereas the said Society of King's Inns have erected extend ve 4 Buildings on the said Grounds, Part of which Buildings, to the 4 South of the Dining Hall of the said Society, remain at present in 4 an unfiniftied State, and it will cost a confiderable Sum of Money 4 to complete the said unfiniftied Buildings, conformably to the Plan * upon which the finiftied Part has been erested, and the so com-^pleting it will considerably ornament and improve the Property of 4 the said Society of King's Inns, and of the several Perfons bene-4 fidally interested in the said Grounds; in consideration, therefore,

* that the laid unfiniftied Buildings shall be completed conformably 4 to the said Plan upon which the finiftied Part is now built, the 4 laid Society of King's Inns, the Dean and Chapter of Chrijl Church,

4 Dubliny and the Prebendaries and Choral Vicars of the said Church,

4 Richard Wilfon of the City of Dublin, Esquire, the Right Reverend 4 Robert Lord Bifhop of OJfory, Aflignee of the Right Honourable 4 the Lord Viscount Mountjoy, John Najh of the County of Cork,

4 Efqaire, and Thomas Whelan of Lijfee Street, in the City of Dublin,

4 Esquire, Aflignee of William Fletcher of the City of Dublin,

1 Efquire* to whom respectively the said Rents are now payable, have 4 agreed and consented that a certain Piece or Plot of the said Ground 4 hereinafter particularly deferibed, on Part of which the said un-4 finiftied Budding now Hands, together with the said unfiniftied 4 Building, and also One other Piece or Parcel of Ground also herein-4 after particularly deferibed, should be veiled in His Majesty, his 4 Heirs and Bocceffors, for ever, for the Purpofes hereinafter men-itiooed and fiet-forth, freed and discharged of and from all Rent " r d	4 whatfoever

Goode

528

Grounds, verted in His Majesty for building thereon a Repofitory for Public Records.

Buildings

completed.

South Pat t of Ground not built up^n.

C. 113.	540	GEO*	III.	AJ). 1S14.

« whatsoever, and of and from all Right, Title or Intereft of them, € or any of them, or any Perfon deriving by, from or under them,

*	or any of them, to the assigned Premifcs, or any Part thereof ; ‘ and the said Society of King's Inns, Dean and Chapter, Pre-

* bendaries and Choral Vicars, and other Perfons aforesaid, hate € also agreed and consented not to build upon, or permit any Perfon € or Ptrrfons deriving by, from or under them, or any of them, to

*	build upon any of their Ground aforesaid to the South of the € said Buildings, and the Ground so agreed to be veiled in Hil

*	Majefty •/ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Acl, all that Piece Or Plot of Ground now belonging as aforesaid to the said Society of King's Inns, Dublin, and on Part of which the said unfinilhed Building now Hands, the said Piece or Plot of Ground containing One hundred and eighty nine Feet in Length from North to South, and ranging in a Line with the West Front of the Dining Hall of the said Society, and containing in Depth from West to Eall One hundred and eighty nine Feet, be the fame more or less, bounded on the West by King's Inns Place, on the North by the said Society’s Dining Hall, on the East by Henrietta Street, and Ground belonging to the Reverend John R obinfon, and on the South by other Part of the Ground belonging to the said Society, as yet unbuilt on, together with the unfinilhed Buildingi already mentioned 5 and also One other Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing in Breadth from North to South Thirty Feet in the clear, and extending in a straight Line from the South End of King's Inns Place aforesaid, to that Part of Conjlitution Hill adjoining to Colerain Street, ihall be and the said several Pieces or Parcels ot Ground and Buildings are hereby veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Succefibrs, for ever, freed and discharged of and from all Rent and Charges whatsoever, and of and from all Right, Title and Claim of any Perlon or Perfons to any Eftate or Intereft whatsoever therein, for the Pur-pose, as to the said firll mentioned Piece or Plot of Ground, of ered-ing and completing thereon a Repofitory or Repofitories for Public Records, and also fueh Office or Offices, and such Court or Courts connected therewith, as to His Majesty, his Heirs or Succefibrs may appear expedient, and for the Purpose, as to the said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground, that the fame Ihall be laid out as a Public Way or Paffage for the Ihorter and more convenient Communication between the Four Courts and the intended Repofitory or Repo* fitories and Offices aforesaid.

II.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said unfinilhed Part of the said Buildings so hereby veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Succelfors, Ihall be completed and finilhed pursuant to the Pbn, and corresponding with the Part which is now finilhed, and called The Dining Hall of the said Society of King's Inns.

III.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paffinff of this Acl, it mall not be lawful for the said Society of King's Inns, or for any Perfon whatsoever, to build upon any Part of the said Ground to the South of the said Premifea hereby vested in His Majesty, but that the fame Ihall be, remain and continue unbuilt upon.

L.ooQLe

IV. ftp.

IV.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or abridge,' or in any wife diminish the Security given to the several Parties' mentioned in the (aid Aft of the Thirty eighth Year of His prefent1 Majefty’s Reign, or any Perfon deriving by, from or under them,' or any of them, for the due Payment of the Rent thereby payable' to them from the said Society of King’* Inns, Dublin, except lo far as relates to the said unfinished Part of the faid' Buildings and the Grounds hereby veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors as aforesaid 5 but that the remaining Part of the said Ground and Build-isgs of aud belonging to the said Society of King's Inns, and such other of their Property as was before liable for the Payment of the Rent of the said Ground shall be and remain ilill liable to the Payment of said Rent as if this Aft had never been made; and that all ways, means and methods, given by the said Aft of the Thirty* eighth Year of His present Majeily’s Reign, or which the Parties inierefted may have or be entitled to use, for the Recovery of said Rent, or if f any Charges at Law or in Equity, shall remain and' continue to them against the said Society, or any Perfons deriving by, from or under them, for such Part of the Property of the said Society* at is not hereby veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, as fully and effectually as if this Aft had never been made.

V.	Saving always to all Perfons, Bodies Politic and Incorporate, other than aud except the said Society of King's Inns, the said Dean and Chapter, the said Prebendaries and Choral Vicars, and also the £ud Richard IVilfon, the said Lord Bifhop of OJfory, John Nafb and* Thomas Whelan, their Heirs, SuccefTors, Executors, Adminiftrators' and Afligns respectively, all such Right, Title, Interest, Profit, Claim* or Demand, as they or any of them may have or claim in, to or out1 of the (aid Premifes so veiled in His Majesty, or any Part thereof, to all Intents as if this Aft had never been made.

CAP. CXIV.

Ail Aft to’ amend an Aft, made in the last Seflion of Parliament, for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[23d July 1814.]

*	\l7^E^EAS by an Aft made in the last Seflion of Parlia-4 1VV meat, for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors in Ireland^ it is 4 eaacted, that it shall be lawful for every Perfon who shall be a

*	Prifoner in any Prifon in Ireland, upon any Procefs whatsoever,

*	iffuing £roqa any Court whatsoever, for or by reason of amr Debt,'

*	Damages, Coils, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Non-4 payment of Money, and who shall have been in Cuftody upon Some 4 Proofs for Some or one of the said Debts or Demands, during the 4 Space of Three Calendar Months or more, to apply by Petition in 4 a Summary way to the Court from whence such Procefs issued, for ‘ his or her Difcharge from such Confinement, according to the Pto-4 udons of the said recited Aft : And it is also by the said recited 4 Ad epasted, that if any Perfoo shall be confined under the Procefs 4 of Two or more Courts, then if auy one of the said Courts shall be 4 oaeof IJi*,Majefty’* Superior Courts in Dublin, such Petition shall 4 be prftc^ted .Uk such Court.; and if all such Courts, or any. Two 4 or more of them, shall be such Superior Courts, that then and m

35J. Q30. HI*	Mm	•	fuch





Rent to continue payable.

38 0-1. (L) c- 49-

f SU.

General Saving.

J3G.3. c. 138. *»• . ,

53°

C.H4.

54* GEO. lit

A.D11814.

itt.

Fiich case such Petition shall be presented to such of the (aid Superior Court8 under whose Procefs such Perfon shall have been first detained in Cuftody; and if all the (aid Courts shall be inferior Courts, then if such Prisoner shall be so detained in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, such Petition shall be presented to the Court of Common Pleas; and if in any other Part of Ireland, then such Petition shall also be addreifed to the {aid Court of Common Pleas, with Power to the said Court either to proceed on such Petition or to give Authority to the Judge or Judges of Affize for the County, County of a City or County of a Town in which any such Prisoner shall be detained, to proceed as in the said Ad is mentioned: And it is further enacted, that in case the Court to whom any Prisoner shall apply to be dif* charged, according to the Diredions of the said recited Ad, shall be of Opinion that such Prisoner is entitled to the Benefit of the said Ad, then and in such case the said Court shall so order and adjudge : And Whereas in the said recited Ad divers Claufes and Provisions are contained, for empowering the said Courts respectively to whom any such Prisoner shall apply to be difehargod, to give Judgment, and to make divers Orders, and to do divers Matters and Things with respect to the Difcharge of all Prifoners so applying, and with respect to the Afiignment and Application of the Eftate and Effeds of such Prifoners, as in the said recited Ad is fully and at large mentioned and fet forth: And Whereas it is expedient, that any one Judge of any Court in Irtknd, to whom any Prisoner shall apply to be difenarged under the Provifions of the said recited Ad, should have Power to receive the Petition, and to direct the Difcharge of such Prifooers, and to do all such other Matters and Things respecting the discharging or remanding of any such Prisoner, as by the said recited Ad the Court to which such Prisoner shall apply is empowered to do, provided such Prisoner shall not have had an Opportunity of applying to such Court ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefont Parliament Infobent PH- assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the (oners dtfchajqged passing of this Ad, it shall be lawful for every Perfon who shall be a m Vacation, Prisoner iQ any prison in Ireland, upon any Procefo whatsoever, issuing from any Court whatsoever, for or by reason of anv Debt, Damage, Cofts, Sum or Sum of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of Money, and who shall have been in Cuftody upon lose Procefs for some or one of the said Debts or Demands, during the Space of Three Calendar Months or more, and who shall not but been so in Cuftody in time to enable him or her to apply by Petsdoo to the Court in Term Time, to apply in Vacation to any Judge of such Court by Petition ; and it mall be lawful for such Judge in Vacation Time to receive such Petition, and any Schedule annexed thereto, and to proceed in hearing the Matter of such Petition, asd to pronounce any such Judgment, and to make all such Orders, sad to give all such Diredions, and to do all such other Matters asd Tlungs requisite for the discharging or remanding of such Prisoner, and for the Afiignment and Application of the Eftate and Effeds of such Prisoner; and such Judge shall have such Power to difeham or to remand such Prisoner, and so all other respects to ad and do, t - ^	.	witli

One Judge any Couit.

(^.ooQle

S 3*

A.D.1814.	54°	GEO. IIL	C.	114*

with respect to such Prisoner, and with respect to the Petition of filch Prisoner, and the Matter of the fame, and with respect to the Eftate and1 Effefts of such Prisoner, and with respect to the Creditors of such Prisoner, as such Court could or might do under or by virtue of the said recited A A, if such Petition had been prefen ted to such Court in open Court, during the Sitting of the said Court; any thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Judgments, Orders, Direftions, Proceedings, Afts, Matters and Things, for or relating to the discharging or remanding of any such Prisoner, so made, given, taken or done by such Judge, shall be a_s good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpoles, as if such Judgments, Orders, Direftions, Proceedings, Afts, Matters and Things had been done by the said Court, in open Court, during the Sitting of the said Court, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

•II. And Whereas Prifoners claiming the Benefit of the said A A

•	or this Aft, may be liable to be deprived of such Benefit on account

•	of mere Matters of Form, or Errors or Omiffions in their Pcti-

•	tions. Schedules or other Proceedings directed by the said Aft ;*

Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Court or Judjt the Court or Judge to whom any Prisoner /haul apply under the said may amend reeked Aft or this Aft, to be discharged under the Provifions of the Schedules, See. find Aft or this Aft, to amend all Matters of Form, and to fupply

any Omissions, and to correct any Errors in the Petition, Schedules or other Proceedings directed by the said recited Aft or this Aft, in case the fame shall appear to the fafd Court or Judge to have arisen from Ignorance, MiftaJce or Inadvertency, and not to have been wilful or fraudulent; any thing in the said recited Aft or this Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Prisoner who Prifonen dif. shall hare been discharged or remanded under or by virtue of an Aft charged ®r remade in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty seventh Year of ma,^ed under Hk present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the Relief and ^n. or * Maintenance of fnfohent Debtors detained in Prfon, or of an Aft made in the Fiftieth (a) Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, to 50^.3. c.47. extend and amend the Provifions of the said recited Aft of the Thirty	erf

seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, shall present a Petition G ^ c# to any Court or Judge, for the Puipofe of taking the Benefit of the ftfd rfecited Aft of last Seflion of Parliament, or this Aft ; it shall and may be lawful for such Court or Judge to receive such Petition and any Schedule annexed thereto, and to discharge such Prisoner, fa calc fitch Court or Judge shall think fit so to do, upon his confirming to tbt Direftions of the said recited Aft of the last Seflion of Parliament, or this Aft; although such Prisoner may have been -tfifcharg* i or remanded under the Provifions of the said recited Afts of the Thirty seventh and Fiftieth Years of His present Majefty’s Reign, or either of them, at any time within the Period of Five Years previous to the presenting such Petition by such Petitioner, under the said recited Aft of the last Seflion of Parliament, or this Aft ; stay thing in the (aid recited Aft of the last Seflion of Parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.	(n)	fRepealed,

'S3G.J-* *J8-

\JSee at to England, cc. 23. aS. ante."]

. j



CAP.



M m 2

tuj.

54“ GEO. HI.

AJX1814

S3*

CAP. CXV.

I? G. 4. (I.) c. 10.

IG.3.W

c.17.

17 G. t. (I.) c. 10. § 1.

What Proof necessary to recover Penalties for burning J>3nd under Att.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Parliament of Ireland, for preventing the pernicious Praftice of burning Land 5 and for the more effectual destroying of Vermin.

[23d July 1814.]

*	'll T HE REAS an Aft was made in the Parliament of Ireland 4 W in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Hi6 late Majeity

*	King George the Second, intituled JIn A3 to present the pernicious 4 Prattice of burning Land; and for the more ejfeQual dejlroying of 4 Vermin ; and which was amended and made perpetual by an AA

*	made in the Parliament of Ireland in the First Year of the Reign 4 of His present Majesty ; and by several Afts since made in the 4 Parliament of Ireland, the said First recited Aft has been from 4 time to time amended : And Whereas by the said first recited Aft 4 it is, amongst other things, enacted, that if the Soil or Surface of

*	any Land mall be burnt or permitted to be burnt by the first Leffee 1 or Leffees of such Land, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Ad* 4 miniftrators or Afsigns, then the Penalty of Forty Shillings in the 4 said Aft mentioned, for every Englijb Statute Acre so burnt, shall 4 and may be recovered of such Offender or Offenders, by his, her 4 or their Leffor or Leffors, their Heirs, Succeffors or Affigns

*	respectively, or by the Perfon or Perfons who for the time beisg

4 shall be entitled to the Rent or Reverfion or Remainder of the said 4 Premises; and if the Soil or Surface of any Land shall be bunt 4 or be permitted to be burnt by the Poffeffor or Occupier of such 4 Land holding or enjoying the lame by Leafe or Contraft from the 4 first Leffee or Leffees of such Land, his, her or their Heirs, Exe-4 cutors, Adminiftrators or Aftigns, or from any Perfon or Perfoni 4 deriving or holding under them any or either of them, then the said 4 Penalty of Forty Shillings, for every Englijb Statute Acre so burst, 4 shall and may be recovered ofiand from such Offender or Offenders, 4 his, her or their immediate Leffor or Leffors, his, her or their Heirs, 4 Executors, Adminiftrators or Aftigns: And Whereas Difficulties 4 and Inconveniences have occurred and may occur in Suits infti-4 tuted by the Devifee or Devifees of any Leffor or Leffors iafiung 4 for the Penalties under the said first recited Aft and the several 4 Afts in force ia Ireland for the Amendment of the fame, frsm 4 the Neceflity of producing the Will under which the Title of such 4 Devifee or Devifees is derived, and Witneffes to prove the tune, 4 and like Difficulties and Inconveniences have occurred and may 4 occur to Perfons entitled to the Rent reserved, or to the Reverfioo 4 or Remainder expeftant on any Leafe or Demife from the NeoefSty 4 of producing the Title Deeds or Settlements, under which the 4 Title of such Perfon or Perfons is derived, and Witnefles to prove 4 the fame ;* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Thai is every Suit for Recovery of the Penalty or Penalties for burning Land under the said first recited Aft and the several Afts i* fotce in Ireland, or any of them, for the Amendment thereof, it shall be deemed full and lufficient Proof of Tide in the Plaintiff or Plaufiffs -■	in

v^ooQle

533

A.D. 1814.	54*	GEO. III.	C.	115, utf.

in such Suit or Suits, and that he, (he or they is or are in Point of Title competent to bring and maintain such Suit or Suits if it shall be duly proved on his, her or their Behalf, that he, (he or they has or have for One Year at lead after the Death of the Leflor or other Perfon next after whom he, (he or they claim to be entitled, received the Rent reserved in the Leafe or Demife under which the Lands are held, in respect of which such Suit for such Penalty as aforesaid shall be brought, unless the Defendant in such Suit shall prove that the Title to the Rent or Reverfion expedant on such Leafe or Demife is in some other Perfon than the Plaintiff or Plain* tiffs in such Suit.

CAP. CXVI.

An A£l to repeal the several Laws for Recovery of frrall Sums due for Wages in Ireland; and to make other Provifions for Recovery of such Wages.	[23d	July	1814.]

‘ TT7HEREAS by an Ad passed in the Parliament of Ireland 2 0.1. (I.)

•	VV in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King C I7-€ George the First, intituled An AS to empower Juflices of the Peace

4 to determine Difputes about Servants, Artificers, Day Labourers,

4 Wages and other small Demands, and to oblige Mqfters to pay the 4 fame ; and to punijb idle and dijorderly Servants ; divers Provifions

•	were made for enforcing the Payment of Wages due to Servants,

•	Artificers and Day Labourers: And Whereas the said Provifions ‘ have been amended, enlarged or modified by the several Ads here 4 following pa(Ted from time* to time in Ireland; that is to fay,

•	an Ad pa(Ted in the Third Year of His late Majesty King George 3 G.». (1.1 4 the Second, intituled An AS to prevent unlawful Combinations of c* *4*

4 Workmen9 Artificers and Labourers employed in the several Trades 4 and ManufaSures of this Kingdom ; and for the better Payment of 4 their Wages ; as also to prevent Abufes in making of Bricks, stfid to 4 afeertain their Dimenftons; an Ad pafTed in the Twenty fifth *5 G.2. (I.)

• Year of His said Majesty King George the Second, intituled An c*

4 AS for the better adjujling and more easy Recovery of the Wages of

4 certain Servants, and for the better Regulation of such Servants,

1 and of certain Apprentices; and for the Punijbment of all such 4 Owners of Coal and their Agents, as shall knowingly employ and fet 4 at Work Perfons retained in the Service of other Coaf Owners ;

•	and also that mutual Debts between Party and Party be fet one

4 against the other ; an Ad passed in the Twenty ninth Year of His *9 G.». (I) € said Majesty King George the Second, intituled An AS for con• c- 8*

4 tinning and reviving several temporary Statutes ; and for amending 4 and explaining an AS made in the Eighth Tear of His late Majefly*s 4 Reign, continued and amended by an Ad made in the Twenty Jflrjl 4 Tear of His present Majefly* s Reign, intituled An AS for the further 4 Amendment of the Law in relation to Butter and Tallow, Cajks,

4 Hides and other Commodities of this Kingdom; and for preventing 4 the DeJlruSion of Salmon; an Ad paired in the Fifth Year of 5G*3-(M

•	His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for continuing, re* c*

4 vivtng and amending several temporary Statutes ; and for empower*

I ing the Grand Jury of the County of Kilkenny ,1at the AJflfcs to 4 increase the yearly Salary of the Treasurer of the said County :

4 And Whereas the said Provifions of the said several Ads have

Mm3	4	been

Goocle

534

C. xi

AJX1814.

repealed as to Payment of Wages 10 Servants, Si c.

Commencement

of Ad.

One Juftice empowered to hear nmi determine Complaints of Servants, Artificers, an»l Labourers, for Nonpayment of Wages.

540 GEO. UL

4 been found defective, and some Doubts have occurred as to the 4 Conftru&ion thereof, and it is expedient that all the Provifions for 4 enforcing the Payment of Wages due to Servants, Artificers and 4 Labourers, should be comprised in One Ad of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after One Month after the pafling of this Ad, so much of the said hereinbefore recited Ads as relates to the Payment of Wages due to Servants, Artificers and Labourers, or to any of them, shall {land and be repealed; save so far as relates to any Proceedings that may have been commenced under the said Ads, or any of them, before the Period aforesaid.	j:

II.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad, and all the Matters and Provifions hereinafter contained, shall commence and take Effed from and immediately after the said time of the Repeal of the said former Ads and not sooner.

III.	And be it enacted, That, for the more easy Recovery of Wages which shall or may remain due, after the Commencement of this Ad, or which shall become due to any Labourer, Artificer of Servant in Ireland, whose Demand shall not exceed the Sum of Six Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for any one Juftice of the Peace of the County in Ireland, where the Perfon or Perfons, or any of the Perfons alleged to owe the fame, shall reside, and for every Chief Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate in Ireland, within his Jurifdidion, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon

the Complaint of any such Labourer, Artificer or Servant, that he i or (he have been refused Payment of, or cannot receive his or her j Wages due to him or her, to issue his Summons in Writing to such j Perfon or Perfons so alleged to owe such Wages, or to any of them (not being a Peer or Peerefs), to appear before hhng'in which Summons the Sum demanded, and also the Place and Time for fuch	J

Perfon’s Appearance, shall be exprefied; and upon such Perfon of	|

Perfons so summoned appearing accordingly, or in case the said Perfon	1

or Perfons so summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear, according * ! to such Summons, that then upon Proof on Oath, that the find	j

Summons was delivered to the said Perfon or Perfons, or to any	1

of them, or to his, her or their Son, Daughter or Menial Servant of the Age of Sixteen Years or upwards at such Perfon’s usual Place of Abode, such Juflice of the Peace or Chief Magiftrate is hereby authorized and empowered to proceed to the hearing and determining of the said Demand, as well by the examining such Witnefs or Witnefies as shall appear before him, upon Oath, as by all other legal ways ; and if necessary, by Examination of the Party or Parties complaining or complained against, on their respective Oaths, and to determine, order and adjudge whether any thing and how much shall be paid by the said Perfon or Perfons to such Servant, Artificer or Labourer; and if such Perfon or Perfons shall not pay the Sum which such Juftice of the Peace or Chief Magiftrate shall so adjudge to be due to such Servant, Artificer or Labourer, either immediately or within such time as the said Juftice of the Peacd or Chief Magiftrate shall direct, not exceeding Ten Days, then the said Juftice of the Peace or Chief Magiftrate is hereby required and

empow-



*C. ii <5.

535

A»D» 1814.

540 GEO. III.

empowered, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, at the Inftance Matter to pay of such Servant, Artificer or Labourer, directed to any Constable or Sum adjudged Conftablee of such County, City or Town, to levy so much as shall *Ithm T*n be so ordered and adjudged due to such Servant, Artificer or La- a^s* bourer, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Perfon or Perfons so refufmg or omitting to pay the fame, according to the Determination of the said Juftice or Chief Magistrate, rendering the Overplus (if any there be) to such Perfon or Perfons:

Provided always, that if reasonable Excufe on Oath, for the Non jufiice m*y attendance of any Perfon so summoned, shall be made to the Satif- postpone Htar-fadion of such Juftice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate, then and »ng. in any such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Juftice or Magiftrate to postpone the Hearing of such Complaint to such further time, and to such Place as he shall think proper, and to ifTue a new Summons for such time and Place accordingly.

IV.	And it is hereby declared. That all Perfons not being Arti- Labourers ficers or Servants, who shall be employed to do any Species of Work defined, or Labour whatsoever for Hire, shall be deemed and taken to be Labourers within the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, and fhall

be entitled to recover Wages, as such, under and according to the Regulations aforesaid.

V.	And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear, to Juftice may the Satisfaction of such Juftice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate, award further that such Servant, Artificer or Labourer, has been, or is likely to Sum to Servants, be detained from his or her Home or usual Place of Relidence, by ^Loii* reason of the Nonpayment of any Wages which such Juftice or ofiimeinre-Magiftrate shall so adjudge to be due, then and in every such case it coverii* Wages, fhaff and may be lawful to and for such Juftice of the Peace or Chief Magistrate, to order and adjudge that there be paid to such Servant*

Artificer or Labourer, not only the Sum so due for Wages as afore-said, but also such further Sum, for the time during which such Servant, Artificer or Labourer, shall have been there so detained from his usual Place of Refidence, as such Juftice or Magiftrate shall think and adjudge to be reasonable, having regard to the Length of such Detention, the Diligence or Remiffnefs of either Party, the usual Wages of such Servant, Artificer or Labourer, and the Wages which, within the time of such Detention, such Servant, Artificer or Labourer, did earn, or under all the circumstances pf the case might have earned 5 and also a reasonable Sum by the Day, to be estimated in like manner, until such Wages so adjudged to be due shall be recovered as aforesaid, or other wife paid ; so as such additional Sums or Sum so ordered and adjudged do not exceed the Sum of Two Pounds.

VI.	Provided always, That it shall be lawful for either Party to Appeal to appeal to the next Quarter Seflions for the County, City or Place Quarter Seflions. where such Order shall be made 5 which Quarter Seflions shall finally determine the fame, and shall have Power thereon to give and award such Cofts, and also such Compenfation for such Detention as aforesaid, as may have taken place subsequent to the Order so appealed from, as such Court of Quarter Seflions shall adjudge reasonable, not exceeding Ten Pounds, the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Diftrefs.

Sale as aforesaid.

M m 4

CAP.





<r “7*

54* GEO. III.

A.Q. 1^4.

S3<5

C A P. CXVII.	!

An Adi to extend, so far as relates to the building of new Churches, an Adi of the Parliament of Ireland, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Adi for reviving and amend-ing an Adi passed in the Twenty third Tear of His present I Majefys Reign, intituled An Acl for amending, continuing and making more cjfedlual the several Adis now in force in this Kingdom for the more easy Recovery of Tithes and other Ecdfr fiajlical Dues of Jmail Value ; and also for the more easy pro-viding a Maintenance for Parijh Clerks y so far only as the farm relates to the more easy providing a Maintenance for Parijh Clerks ; and to encourage the building of new Churches.

[23d July 1814.3

33 G. i. (I.)	9	YT7HEREAS by an Adi passed in the Parliament of Ireland,	j

C*IX*	4	VV in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majefly

*	King George the Second, intituled An A3 for reviving and amend-4 ing an A3 passed in the Twenty third Tear of IIis present Majefift 4 Reign9 intituled An A3 for amendingy continuing and making more 4 effe3ual the several A3s now in force in this Kingdom for the more 4 easy Recovery of Tithes and other Ecclefiafical Dues of Jmall Value;

4 and also for the more easy providing a Maintenance for Pjarjjh 4 Clerksy so far only as the fame relates to the more easy providing a 4 Maintenance for Parijh Clerks; and to encourage the building of

I 4*	4	new Churches ; it is enacted, that it should be lawful for every

4 Archbishop, Bishop, Dean, Dean and Chapter, Archdeacon,

4 Dignitary or Prebendary, and to every Body Politic and Cor-4 porate, and to and for eveiy Perfon whatsoever seised in Fee

* Simple, Fee Tail, or for Life, with immediate Remainder over

* to their, his or her I flue, of or in any Land whereon any new 4 Church {hould be intended to be built, to grant by his, her or

*	their Deeds respectively, such Land not exceeding One Acre 4 Plantation Measure, to the Churchwardens of the Parifh wherein 4 such new Church should be to be built and their SuccefTors, for 4 ever, as and for a Scite for such new Church, and for a Church

*	Yard for the Ufe of the Parifhioners of the said Parifh, and that

*	fuch Grant should be good and effectual against such Archbishop,

4 Bishop, Dean, Dean and Chapter, Archdeacon, Dignitary, Prc-4 bendary, Body Politic and Corporate, and his and their Succeflor 1 and SuccefTors, and against every Perfon claiming or to claim any

*	Eilate, Right, Title or Interefl in such Land, by virtue of any 4 Limitation, Remainder or Rcvcrfion in any Settlement or Settle-4 ments theretofore made ; and that the Churchwardens of Lch

*	Parifh and their Succeflors for ever, should be and were thereby 4 made capable of receiving and enjoying the Benefit of such Granc 4 for the Purpofe aforesaid : And Whereas it is expedient to exteud,

*	the said ACt so as to enable ReCtors and Vicars to make like

*	Grants of Glebe Land belonging to their refpeClive Benefices Be it enabled by The King's Molt Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of





537

A.D.1814.	54°	GEO.	IH.	C.	117,118.

of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Reftor Region or or Vicar of any Parifh or United Parifhes in Ireland, by and with v,cars may the Confent of the Bifhop of the Diocefe wherein such Parifh shall of^GlebJLtnd be, by Deed executed by such Reftor or Vicar with such Confent for g*jt# Q( ^ as aforesaid, testified by the Execution of such Deed by such Bishop, Church and to grant any part of the Glebe Land belonging to such Reftor or Church Yard. Vicar, not exceeding One Acre Plantation Measure, to the Churchwardens of the said Parifh and their Succeflors for ever, as and for the Scite of any new Church to be built for the Ufe of such Parifh, and for a Church Yard for the Ufe of the Parifhioner3 of the said ParOi, or to improve and extend the Church Yard of any Parifh 5 and that such Grant shall be good and effectual against such Reftor or Vicar respectively, and his Succeflors ; and that the Churchwardens of the said Parifh and their Succeflors for ever, shall be and are hereby empowered and made capable of receiving and enjoying the Benefit of such Grant for the Purpofes aforesaid.

CAP. CXVIII.

111

An AGt to grant to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties Ireland, and to explain and amend an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His Majefty’s Reign for granting Stamp Duties in Ireland.	[23d July 1814.]

« Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	TT7 E, Your Majefty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the 1 VV Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament

*	assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies for defraying 4 Your Majefty’s Public Expences in Ireland, have freely and volun-4 tarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties

*	of Stamps hereinafter mentioned,’ and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from Stamp Duty on and after the pafling of this Aft, there shall be raised, levied, collefted

and paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, for and upon every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be engrofTed, written or printed, any Certificate to be granted by any Diftributor of Stamps to authorize any Perfon to kill Game in Ireland, or any Deputation or Appointment of a Game Keeper granted to any Perfon by any Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Perfon, in Ireland, the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings British Currency, in lieu and in stead of any Duty of Stamps now payable (a) in refpcft of any such Certificate, Deputation or Appointment respectively, under or by virtue of any Aft or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the pafling of this Aft. '

(a) [See 52 G. 3. r. 87. Sch. A. VIC\

* II. And Whereas by an Aft made in the Fifty second Year of J1G.3. c.8:.

* His pre sent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft to repeal the several 4 Duties under the Care of the Commifftoncrs for managing the Stamp 4 Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof; and for 4 transferring the Management of the Duties on Playing Cards and 4 Dice from the CommiJftoners of Inland Excife to the Gommiffioners of 4 Stamp Duties ; certain Duties under the Sum of Six pence and

• beween

§5





C. 118,

Amount of Note, ^c. on which Duty under 6d. paid, •(limited iu Irifli Currency.

Sum in rcfpeft whereof Duty under 6d. or between 6d. and u. paid, elti-mated in like manner.

Bank Notes, &C« with Stamp of lei's Value than required, void.

Note*, &c. issued before patting of At\ not re-ilfuahle.

Iffuing Notes, &c. coutrary to

A a.

Penalty,

Penalty.

54* GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

*	between the Sum of Six pence and One Shilling are imposed, which

*	are directed to be ascertained by the Amount of the Sums in refped

*	whereof such Duties are impoled Be it enacted, That whenever any Stamp Duty under the Sum of Six pence is by the (aid recited Ad or by the Schedule thereto annexed, directed to be afeertained by the Amount of any Sum expressed in any Bank Note, Bank Poft Bill, Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, or Promiffory or other Note, Draft or Order, the Amount of such Sum shall be estimated in Irifh Currency, and the Stamp Duty on such Bank Note, Bank Poll Bill, Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, or Promiffory or otherNote, Draft or Order, shall be afeertained and imposed accordingly.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases where by the

said recited Ad (a) or the Schedule thereto annexed, any Stamp Duty under the Sum of Six pence, or between the Sum of Six pence and One Shilling, is directed to be afeertained by the Amount of any Sum in respect whereof, or with relation whereto any such Stamp Duty is imposed, such Sum shall be estimated in Irijh Currency, and such Stamp Duty under the Sum of Six pence, or between the Sum of Six pence and One Shilling, shall be afeertained andim. posed accordingly.	(a)	[52 G. 2. c. 87. j 5.]

IV.	And be it further enacted, That sill Bank Notes, Bank Poft Bills, and Foreign or Inland Bills of Exchange, and Promiffory or other Notes, Drafts or Orders, drawn on or made payable by any Banker or Bankers \vl Ireland^ being written or printed on any Paper (lamped with a Stamp of less Amount than the lame ought to be according to this Ad, which shall bear Date or which mall be issued in Ireland, at any time after the palling of this Ad, or which shall bear Date at any time before the palling of this Ad, but shall not have been actually issued before the palling of this Ad, shall be and the fame are hereby declared to be absolutely null and void, and dull not be issued or iffuable, or negotiable, or transferable to any Intent or Purpofe whatsoever; and that no such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, which shall bear Date at any time before the palling of this A6, and which shall have been actually issued before the palling of this Ad, shall at any time after the palling of this Ad be re-iffued or re-HTuable, nor (nail be negotiated or transferred, or negotiable or transferable, by or on behalf of the Banker or Bankers who originally issued the fame, or by or on behalf of any other Perfon or rerfons whomsoever, at any time after such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, shall come or shall have come into the Hands, Cuffodyor Poffeffion of such Banker or Bankers, after the palling of this Ad.

V.	And be it further enacted, That any Banker or Bankers, or Perfon or Perfons, who shall iffuc or re-issue, or cause to be issued or re-issued, any Bank Note or Bank Poft Bill, or any Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, or Promiffory or other Note, Draft or Order, contrary to the Directions of this Ad, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds British Currency, for every such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, so issued or re-iffued contrary to this Ad ; and that any Perfon or Perfons who shall give or take in Payment, any Note, Bill, Draft or Order, which shall be or shall have been issued or re-iffued contrary to the Diredions of this Ad, shall forfeit double the Amount of tne Sum expressed in any such Note, Bill, Draft or Order, refpec-tively, to any Perfon who shall sue for the lame; and that the feveral

1.6	Penalties





Cl I*

A.D.1814.

54® GEO. IH.

Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid shall be recovered before any one Juftice of the Peace in Ireland, upon the Oath of One credible Witnefs, or on the Confeiliou of such Offender; and in case the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid and satisfied upon such Convi&ion being made, it shall be lawful for such Juftice of the Peace, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of the Offender, together with all Cofts and Charges attending such Convi&ion and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and if such Offender shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels to satisfy such Penalties, every such Offender shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, by Warrant of such Juftice, for any time not less than One Calendar Month nor more than Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Stamps by

this A& granted and made payable, shall and may be collected, raised, levied, recovered and applied under and by virtue of all the Powers and Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in an A & made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majeftv’s Reign, intituled An AS to repeal the several ASs for the Colledion and Management of the Stamp Duties in Ireland: and to make more cffeQual Regulations for colie Sing and managing the said Duties (a), as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers and Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, had been repeated and re-ena&ed in this A&, so far as relates to the Duties granted and made payable by this A&, except only so far as the said A& is altered or amended by this A&.	(u)	[See	c.	92. f 1. ante.]

VII.	And be it further enacted, That the Duty of One Penny im-pofed by the said recited A& of the Fifty second Year (b) of His present Majefty’s Reign upon any daily Account or daily Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, or Abftra& thereof included in or with any other Publication, or upon any Account or Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, printed or pubtifhed daily, weekly, monthly or at any other time or times, as Accounts or Abftra&s of Accounts of such Goods, for each Day’s Account contained therein, shall, from and after the palling of this A&, be paid and payable upon each and every Account or Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, and upon each and every Abftract, whether the fame be printed or publilhed separately or included in or with any other Publication, and in Proportion to the Number of Days’ Accounts or Abftra&s of Days’ Accounts contained in such Publication, for each and every of such Publications, except the fame be publilhed by the Perfon or Perfons authorized thereto by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

(b) [52 G. 3. c.87. Sch.A. VII.]

S$9

Distress,

Imprifunment.

Duties levied under

S% G.3. cxa6.

Duty of id. ot* Accounts or Bills of Goods imported or exported paid on each whether publilhed, separately, or with any other Publication.

CAP.



C. 119.

54’ GEO. IU.

A.D.1814.

Rates granted by 45 G.3. c.ai.

jcG.J. c.74

53 0-3- C-5& to cease.

Poftm afters, fcc. to demand, &c. following UCW Rates.

Rates on Singl# Letters.

CAP. CXIX.

An Aft to repeal certain Duties upon Letters and Packets, sent by the Pod within Ireland : and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.	[23d	July	1814.]

* Mod Gracious Sovereign,

*	TTTE, Your Majelly’s moil dutiful and loyal Subjests, the Coni-‘ W mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland 4 in Parliament assembled, being desirous of raiiing the necessary Sup-4 plies to defray Your Majefty’s Public Expences, and of making a 4 permanent Addition to the Public Revenue of Ireland; and think-

*	ing it expedient that certain Rates and Duties of Poilage in Ire-4 land Ihould cease and determine, and that other Rates and Duties 4 of Poilage Ihould be granted in lieu thereof ;* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Aft, the Rates and Duties for the Poilage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets sent by the Poll in Ireland, granted by an Aft made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled An Ad for repealing certain Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Poll within Ireland, and granting other Duties in kcu thereof; and by an Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Maieity's Reign, intituled An Ad to grant to His Majesty certain additional Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Pojl within Ireland; and by an Aft made in the lall Seilion of Parliament, intituled An Ad to repeal certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Pojl from or to Dublin tfi or from the federal Pojl Towns in Ireland, and to grant other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties on Letters and Packets sent by the Pojl in Ireland 5 ihall cease and determine 5 and that, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Aft, it Ihall and may be lawful to and for the Poll-mailer or Poflmailers General of Ireland for the time being, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants and Agents, to and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccclTors, to demand, have, receive and take for the Portage, Poilage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which he or they Ihall convey, carry or fend Poll to and from Places within Ireland, according to the several Rates and Sums of Money, Irilh Currency, hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay,

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter or Piece of Paper from the Office in Ireland where such Letter or Piece of Paper Ihall be put in, to any Di(lance within the fame, not exceeding Seven Miles, the Sum of Two pence:

And to any Dillance exceeding Seven Miles, and not exceeding Fifteen Miles, the Sum of Three pence:

And ta any Dillance exceeding Fifteen Miles, and not exceeding Twenty five Miles, the Sum of Four pence:

And to any Dillance exceeding Twenty five Miles, and not exteed-/ing Thirty five Miles, the Sum of Five pence:

And





54*

A.D. 1814-	54c	GEO.	III.	C. 119.

And to any Diftance exceeding Thirty five Miles, and not exceed* ing Forty five Miles, the Sum of Six pence s

And to any Diftance exceeding Forty five Miles, and not exceeding Fifty five Miles, the Sum of Seven pence:

And to any Diftance exceeding Fifty five Miles, and not exceeding Sixty five Miles, the Sum of Eight pence:

And to any Diftance exceeding Sixty five Miles, and not exceeding Ninety five Miles, the Sum of Nine pence:

And to any Diftance exceeding Ninety five Miles, and not exceeding One hundred and twenty Miles, the Sum of Ten pence:

And to any Diftance exceeding One hundred and twenty Miles, and not exceeding One hundred and fifty Miles, the Sum of Eleven pence:

And to any Diftance exceeding One hundred and fifty Miles, and not exceeding Two hundred Miles, the Sum of Twelve pence :

And to any Diftance exceeding Two hundred Miles, and .not exceeding Two nundred and fifty Miles, the Sum of Thirteen pence: And to any Diftance exceeding Two hundred and fifty Miles, and not exceeding Three hundred Mues, the Sum of Fourteen pence: And for every Diftance of One hundred Miles, Irijb Measure, above Three hundred Miles, which any such Letter or Packet shall be so carried or conveyed within Ireland, a further Sum of One Penny:

And for the Port and Conveyance of every Double Letter, Double the said Sums respectively:

And for every Treble Letter, Treble the said Sums respectively: And for every Ounce Weight Four times the said Sums refpec-threly ;\and so in Proportion for any greater Weight than One Ounce, reckoning every Quarter of an Ounce equal to a single Letter:

And that all Letters and Packets directed from any Place in Ire-fond to any Part or Parts in Great Britain, or beyond the Seas, or received in Ireland from Great Britain, or any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, shall be charged and paid for their Portage and Conveyance within Ireland from or to Dublin, Waterford or Donavhadety or any other Port where Packet Boats for the Conveyance of Letters to and from Ireland are or may be eftabliffied, as they shall refpec-tively be {hipped from or landed in any of the said Places according to the Rates aforesaid :

And that for every Letter or Packet directed on board, or brought or sent from on board any Ship or Veffel riding or flopping in any Pbrt within Ireland, there shall be charged and paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succefiors, over and above the Rates aforesaid, the Sum of One Penny.

II.	And be it further enacted, That Letters or Packets pafling through the General Poft Office in the City of Dublin from any Place within Ireland shall not as heretofore be charged or pay according to the Diftance of any Place from which such Letter mall be sent to Dublin, and further, according to the Diftance of any Place to which such Letter shall be sent from Dublin, according to the several Rates of Postage; but all such Letters shall be charged and shall pav only according to the Diftance of the Place whence iuch Letters {nail be lent, from the Place to which the fame shall be sent, according to the several Rates hereinbefore specified and fet forth.

*	III. And

Double Letter.

Treble Letter. Ounce Weight.

Letters far G.ff. &c.

Ship Letters.

Letters pafling through General Poft Office Dublin to pay only according to Diftance.



Rates paid iu Irifh Currency, and levied as former Rate*.

43 O. 3* c. »8.

50 G. 3. c. 74. 53 G. 3. c.58.

Provifions of

48	G.3. c.62

49	G.3. c. 116. relating to Information before Commissioners of Cuftoms, &c. for Offences against the Revenue Laws repealed*

C. 119,120.	540 GEO. III.	AJD.1814.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties hereby granted shall be paid and payable in Irifh Currency, and shall be railed, levied, collected, managed, recovered and applied under such and the like Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to the like Provisions, Exemptions, Exceptions and Privileges as are mentioned^ exprefTed and contained in an Ad made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Pofi within Ireland; and also in the hereinbefore recited Ads, made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Maiefty’s Reign, and in the lad Seffion of Parliament, or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, relating to the Rates and Duties on Letters and Packets sent by the Poll within Ireland / and that all and every the Clauses, Matters and Things in the said several Ads mentioned, exprefTed and contained, shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present Ad; save only so far as refpedi the Amount of Rates or Duties under the said Ads, or any of them; and save and except so far at the said Ads, or any of them, artaltered or repealed by this Ad.

C A P. CXX.

An Ad to amend several Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under die Management of the Com. miffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of the Com-miffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland.

[23d July 1814.]

4 TTTHEREAS it is expedient to alter and amend several Ads 4 W relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife m Ireland? fie it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from the Commencement of till Ad, all and every the Clauses, Provifions and Regulations contained in Two several Ads, one made in the Forty eighth Year of Hit present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A& for making perpetual ftverd ASs for the better ColleSion and Security of the Revenues of Cufim and Estcife in Ireland, and for preventing Fraud* therein ; and ft make further Provifion for the Security of the fold Revenues, andfit the ifnecution of the several ASs relating thereto ; and the other made in the Forty ninth Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, intituled Al A8 to make further Provifion for the Execution of the several d8* relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Cufioms and Port Duties, and of the Com-miffioners of Inland Excife and Tames in Ireland, which in any manner relate to or concern the Proceedings to or on the Trial of any Com. plaint or Information before the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Pdrt Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, and their Sub Commissioners respectively, for any Offence against: any A& or A&* relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things tinder the Management of the Commiffionen refpedivelv, or to the A\$tanuaept of the Trial of any such Complaint or Information, or totfat bringing, filing, or exhibiting'of any such Complaint or Infbftnaticm, or »

the



C.120.

543

A.D.1814.

540 GEO. III.

the discharging of the fame, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed 5 and that every such Complaint or Information, and all Mat- Complaints, &e. ter» relating thereto, shall and may be exhibited, proceeded upon, hoMr exhibited, heard, tried and determined under the Rules, Regulations and Pro- &c* viftons of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, on or immediately before the palling of the said recited Aft of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, and as if the (aid recited Afts of the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years aforesaid, or either of them, had not been made.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Aft Officers may aft contained shall be construed to alter or repeal so much of the said Is ub Co™mir* recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year (a) aforesaid, as relates to or Prc^recHngs^e-ooocems any Officer fitting or acting as a Sub Commiffioner in any bring to Ship-Canle wherein he is interested, or as provides that whenever by any ping,Entry made Aft or Afts it is or shall be required that any Claim, Entry or *”	*"*

other Proceeding shall be made, filed or entered, or bad in or at the ca xc Excife Office of the Diftrift relative to any Matter or Thing what-soever, every such Claim, Entry or other Proceeding which shall rdate to Shipping or Navigation, or to any Matters or Things under the Management and Jurifdiftion of the Commissioners of Cuf-toms and Port Duties, shall be made, filed, entered or had in the Office of the Colleftor of the Cuftoms of' the Port or Diftrift in-ftead of the Excife Office of such Diftrift* (a) [49 G. 3. r. 116.

i 3.6.]

* III. And Whereas under and by virtue of certain Provifions Documents

*	contained in certain Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland, relating	Three

*	to the Revenue of Excife, various Documents, Matters and Things

f are directed and required to be signed, done, executed or performed held legal, and

*	by Four or more of the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes need not be

*	in Ireland, and certain of the said Documents, Afts, Matters or witnessed by « Things to be witnessed by the Secretary to the Commissioners of S€Creur>

*	Excile, and which Provifions have produced Inconvenience, and it

*	is expedient to remedy the fame Be it therefore enacted, That all and every Document, Aft, Matter or Thing relating to the Revenue of Excife or Taxes which shall be signed, done, executed or performed respectively by any Three of the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes for the time being, shall be held and considered as legal, valid and effectual to all Intents aad Purpofes whatibever, and without the fame being witnessed by the Secretary to the Com-miffioners of Excife ; any thing contained in any Aft or Afts to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- No Fee taken mencement of this Aft, it shall not be lawful for any Officer of for granting His Majefty’s Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife to a(k, demand or

receive airy Fee or Reward for granting or iffumg of any Permit for	^

the Conveyance and Proteftion of any Excifeablt* Goods in Ireland* c,$g. nor shall anv Fee or Reward be payable for die feme; any thing in an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His orefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 for better regulating'

At piemg and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance ^ tuuTProteSion of certain Exctfcabk Goode therein mentioned* and to totooent Frauds hi Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods* or in and by any other Aft or Afts. to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the Com- Certificate of ■KBCcment of this Aft, the .Certificate of any importing Merchant Merchant not

•	*	O	_	i-	...	—-

fQr iufficitnt to pro.



C. 120.

te& Goods, or prevent Necel-fity of Permit for Removal. 40 0.3. (I.) c. 68.

Penalty.

53 G. 3.160.

I 7.

Amount of Bond required from Tanners.

Provifo ac to Licences.

530.3. c.6o. I *9*

540 GEO. III.	A.D.i8r4.

for any Goods whatever which such importing Merchant shall fell to any Perfon or Perfons reading within the fame Port or Place, where such Merchant may have imported such Goods, shall not have any Effed to protect any Goods within such Port or Place, or to prevent the Neceffity of a Permit or PermitB for the Removal of such Goods within such Port or Place, it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, that a proper Permit or Permits shall be taken out for the Removal of such Goods ; any thing in the (laid lad recited Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year aforesaid of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in any other Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect or take away the Right of prosecuting, filing for, recovering and levying any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, which shall or may have been incurred under the said recited Ad of the Fortieth Year aforesaid, or in respect of any such Certificate which shall have been given on or before the Commencement of this Ad.	|

4 VI. And Whereas by an Ad made in the lad Sefiion of Parlia. 1

*	ment, intituled jin AS for the hitter ColleSion of the Duties $n 4 Hides and Skins tanned or dressed in Oily and on Vellum and Parch-

4 ment made in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds on His Majeffs i

* Revenue therein, it is, among d other things, enacted, that no j 4 Licence shall be granted, to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tin

1 Leather with Bark, iinlefs the Perfon requiring the fame shall with 4 Two sufficient Sureties have executed a Bond to His Majesty in 1

*	penal Sum after the Rate of Fifty Pounds for every One hundred

*	Cubic Feet of the Pits or Vats in the Tan Yard of such Perfoa 4 chargeable under the said Ad, conditioned to pay all such Sums of 4 Money as by virtue of the (aid Ad or any other Ad or Afts in

*	force in Ireland, such Tanner should be charged with, and also to 4 pay and fadsfy sill Penalties to which such Tanner should be liable 4 under the (aid Ad, or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland:

4 And Whereas it is not expedient to require Tanners to give Se-

*	curity to the Amount directed by the laid recited Adj’ Be it

therefore enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, in (lead of the Security by the said Ad so required, every Tinner shall be bound to execute a Bond to His Msqefty in the Penal Sum of Fifty Pounds for every One thousand Cubic Feet of the Pits or Vats in the Tan Yard of such Perfon, and so in Proportion for any Quin* tity or less Number of Cubic Feet of the Pits or Vats in such Tan Yard, conditioned to pay all Sum and Sums,of Money as by any Law now in-force, or which shall hereafter be in force in Ireland* such Tanner shall be charged or chargeable with, and alio to pay and satisfy all Penalties which such Tanner shall be liable to, under	j

any Ad or Ads in force, or which shall hereafter be in force in Ire•	i

land; and no Licence shall be granted to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit,

or to tan Leather with Bark unless the Perfon requiring the kune shall with Two sufficient Sureties have executed such Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors.

‘ VII. And Whereas by the said last recited Ad of the Fifty

*	third Year aforesaid, it is, amongst other things, directed, that the V Drawback of any of the Duties chargeable on Hides and Skins

*	and Pieces of Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland, or any Mano&duxe

*	of such tanned Hides or Skins, or any Hides or Skins drefied in Oil

*	in Ireland) or any Manufadure thereof, or on any VeUnmor Parch-,

ment

v^ooQle

C. 120.

545

A.D.1814.

54' GEO. III.

Raw or unnaalt-ed kiln-diied Barley mixed

4 ment made in Ireland, which fhali be exported when allowed, shall .

4 be paid by the Collector of the Port from which such Goods shall 4 be exported: And Whereas it is expedient that such Drawback 4 should be paid by the Colle&or of Excife, and not by the Collector 4 of the Port ;* Be it therefore enacted, That all such Drawbacks Drax ■backs p.iid when allowed shall be paid by the Colle&or of Inland Excife and ky t\»l!eitur of Taxes of the Diflrid from which such Goods shall have been or shall Exoik' be exported under such Rules and Regulations as are by Law required in case of Drawbacks on the Exportation of Goods in rcfpe& of any internal Duty of Excife paid thereon.

VIII.	And, for the better preventing the Ufe of raw or unmalted

Corn by Brewers in Ireland, be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Brewer to have in his or her Brewery, or in any	other

Part of the Premifes connected with his or her Brewery, any raw or Grain malted or unmalted kiln-dried Barley or Bere mixed or unmixed with any unmalted found other Corn or Grain malted or unmalted ; and that all raw or un- »n Brewery, malted kiln-dried Barley or Bere mixed or unmixed with any other

Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, which shall be found in such Brewery or Premises, together with all Sacks, VefTels or Packages, in which such raw or unmalted kiln-dried Barley or Bere mixed or unmixed with any other Corn or Grain malted or unmalted shall be contained, shall be forfeited and may be seized by any Officer or Penalty. Officers of Excife or Cuftoms.

IX.	And, for the further preventing the Ufe of raw or unmalted Bond taken

Corn, aad of any deleterious or unwholei'ome Ingredients by Brewers from Brewer* to

in Ireland, be it enabled, That, from and after the Commencement of f'xr,p,* ,n Con-

this A&, no Licence shall be granted to any Perfon in Ireland to dltlo,n I1?1*’0 ,	*	9	-n	ai nun r . ir* umvhoielome

brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer, for Sale, unless in jngrejie,;ls

the Bond required to be entered into by such Brewer under and by used. virtue of an Adt made in the Forty seventh Year of His present 47 C.SefT.r. Majefky’s Reign, intituled An Aft to secure the Payment of the Duties f * 3^.* on Licences granted to Perfons in Ireland dealing in Excifeable Com- Licencc^tak* modities, there be inlerted a Condition that such Brewer shall not use following Oath, any raw or unmalted Corn (a) nor any Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indi-cus, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium or any other Ingredient whatsoever, which shall pofTefs any deleterious or unwholesome Quality in brewing any Strong Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer ; and that no such Licence shall be granted to any Perfon in Ireland, unless and until the Perfon or Perlons to whom or on whose behalf . such Licence shall be granted, or some one of them, being the acting Partner or Perfon concerned in the Brewery for which uich Licence shall be granted, shall make and sign an Affidavit, or being a Quaker or Quakers, shall solemnly affirm in the Prefence of the Colle&or of Excife of the District, who is hereby authorized and required to ad-miuifter such Affidavit or Affirmation in the Form or to the Effedt following 5 that is to fay,

*	J 2L, on whose behalf and for whose Ufe, [together with C.D-‘ etcetera, if there are two or more Partners,] a Licence is

*	rtquired to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, [or Small Beer, the

1 case may be] for Sale at	in	the	County [or City] of

‘ '	-	~~~	do	hereby	folemnly	swear,	[or affirm,] That F

4 will nd£dire6Uy or indirectly cause or permit or suffer, or be Party

‘ or privy-4*? the- qaufmg^ permitting or suffering any raw Corn, or

•	LJ'•*; '

54 Geo. Ill,	N	n	4	Corn

O.uli.





C. 120.

54'' GEO. III.	A.D.1S14.

Oath 111 lieu of former Oath. Licences granted to any other Perfon void.

Default of Payment of Dutiet Ly Paper Makers, Dif-ttefs mode.

Provife.

*	Corn not malted, and not having been charged with the Duty on

*	Malt made in Irelandy nor any Vitriol, Quafiia, Coculus Indicus, ‘ Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, or any other Ingre* ‘ dieut whatsoever, which shall possess any deleterious or unwholefome

*	Quality, to be used in the brewing or making of any Beer, Ale or

*	Porter, or Small Beer, or in the making or preparing of any Liquor

*	to imitate or to resemble or to be mixed with, or to be used, fold

*	or disposed of, or delivered as or for Beer, Ale, Porter or Small € Beer; and that I will not fell, dispose of, fend or deliver, or caufe

*	to be fold, disposed of, sent or delivered to any Perfon or Perfons 4 whatsoever, as or for Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer any Liquor 4 made or prepared from raw Com, or Corn not malted, and not having 4 been charged with the Duty on Malt made in Irelandy or in the 4 making whereof any such raw Corn, or Corn not malted, or any such 4 Vitriol, Quafiia, Coculus Indicus, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pep-4 per, Opium, or any other Ingredient whatsoever which shall possess 1 any deleterious or unwholesome Quality, shall have been any way 4 used ; and that I will not cause or permit or suffer, or be Party or ( privy to the caufmg, permitting or suffering any raw or unmalted

*	Corn, ground orbruised, or any Vitriol, Quafiia, Coculus Indicas, 4 Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, or other deleterious or 4 unwholesome Ingredient to be brought into or kept in the Brewery « or Prcmifes at the said Place ; and I do hereby also solemnly swear, t [or affirm,] That no other Perfon or Perfons is or are concerned or 4 engaged in the said Brewery as Partners with, [except the said € C. D» et cetera, at the case may be.]

1 So help me GOD.*

And which Oath shall be in lieu and mftead of any Oath required by any former A& or A6U in force in Irelandy to be made by auy Brewer in Ireland ; and if any such Licence shall be granted to auy Perfon or Perfons, by or on whose behalf such Oath or Affirmatiou shall not have been made, or if any Perfon or Perfons other than such as shall be specified in such Oath or Affirmation shall be concerned or engaged as a Partner or Partners in the Brewery for which such Licence shall be granted, such Licence shall be and become forfeited, and shall be null and void.

X.	And, for the more easy Collection of the Duties payable to His Majelty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, by Paper Makers in Ireland, be it enabled, That in all cases where any Duties payable by any Paper Makers shall be unpaid at the time when fuen Duties are or shall be by Law made due and payable, it shall and may be lawful for the Colle&or of Excife or other Officer in Charge of the Diftrift in which such Duties shall be charged and payable, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to empower any Perfon or Perlons to take and distrain all or any Paper and Materials for making Paper, and all or any Engines, Vats, Wet Preffes, or other Utenlils for making Paper in any Paper Mill or other Place used by any such Paper Maker, and to cause tne fame to be fold by Public Auction, giving Six Days previous Notice thereof; and it after the Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Paper Maker, together with the Cods and Expences of such taking, distraining and tale, there shall be any Surplus arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Paper Maker or his Reprefenta* tives: Provided always, that when any of the Articles aforesaid fliall

C^ooQle

A.D.1814.

540 GEO.III.

C. 120*

547

be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Paper Maker or his Representatives at any time or times before the time appointed for the Sale thereof, to require the fame to be delivered up to him or them upon his or their paying to the Colleftor or Officer in Charge as aforesaid, towards difcnarging the Duties so due and payable, together with the Cods and Expences as aforesaid, the real Value of such Articles as he or they shall desire to have delivered up, and the fame may be delivered up accordingly.

XI.	And be it further enaftcd, That when any Paper Maker Abatement in Ireland shall by any Fatality or unavoidable Accident have been nude of Duty prevented from working any Engine kept by such Paper Maker

during the Whole or any Part of any Month for which such Paper ve it

Maker shall by Law be chargeable with Duty, it shall and may be Accident from

lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, working.

or any Three of them, on Proof on Oath made to their Satisfaction,

that the Fatality or Accident was unavoidable, and not owing to any

Default or Negligence, to make any proportionate Abatement of any

Charge of Duty which shall have been returned again 11 such Paper

Maker, for and m respect of the Engine which such Paper Maker

shall be so prevented from working, and also of the Duty for and in

respect of each and every of the Vats or Wet PrefTes belonging to

such Engine : Provided always, that any such Abatement shall be

first approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of

Lord High Treasurer of Ireland: Provided also, that if any Duty Provifo.

chargeable by Weight on the Paper made by such Paper Maker

within such Month as aforesaid shall amount to the Sum by Law

chargeable for such Month, in respect to such Engine and Vat or

Wet Prefs, then and in such case no such Abatement shall be made

to such Paper Maker.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Complaint In Informations or Information shall be had or prosecuted before the Commissioners a33in? Prions of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or their Sub Commif*

r	.	a	nr	nrr	.	,	BuIUielS Wthout

(toners, agamtt any Perlon or Perlons tor carrying on any Trade, Li enee, Pr -of Buhnefs or Calling, or dealing in, manufacturing or felling, or having, UU1 lie on Perilling or keeping in his Pollefiion any Article, Matter or Th'ng, char?e<l th*t for the having, using or keeping whereof a Licence is or shall be he ^as obumeJ required by Law, without having a Licence for so doing, in manner °“e’ required by Law, the Proof that such Perfon hath obtained such Licence, and had the fame, in for^e at the time of the Offence charged in such Complaint or Information, shall lie on the Party again ft whom such Complaint or Information shall be had or prosecuted, and it shall not be necessary for the Officer, or Perfon complaining or prosecuting such Information, to prove that the Perfon or Penona so complained of had not such Licence ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com- Exemption from mencement of this Aft, so much of an Aft made in the Forty Duty on Dogs eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to grant to HU Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of rescaled, Carriagex. Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horfes, Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes, in respect of the like Articles, or of the Schedule to the (aid Aft annexed, as exempts any Dog which any Perfon shall keep who shall not be subject to any Duty in respect of Windows or Fire Hearths from the Duty on Dogs imposed by

N n 2	the

48 G. 3. c. 4*.

Sch.





543

No Actions for Damages f>r l.ofs of Dogs fultained unless Owner has |u;id Doty.

Rc<5Vifier$ fending nut Spirits in lets Quantity than 50 Galions, forfeited.

Penalty. Rectifiers at Hated times to deliver to Collector of F.xcifc an Account of Stock-

Penalty.

Where Quantity let's than Ac-emmt kept by Officer.

Penalty.

Spirits found in Stock of Rectifier without Permit forfeited.

C. 120.	54’	GEO. III.	A.D.1814#

the fald Ad, or by the Schedule thereto annexed, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

, XIV. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after the Commencement of this Ad, any Perfon in Ireland shall sue or pro-fecute any Adion of Trover or Adion on the Cafe for Damages, resulting from the loss or killing of, or from any Injury done to any Dog, for the having or keeping of which any Duty is by Law payable, the Plaintiff in such Adion shall not be entitled to recover any Damages whatever in any such Adion, unless he shall prove, that previous to the Caufe of such Adion he was duly rated to and paid the said Duty in respect of such Dog, under the Provifions of the Laws in force in Ireland, for granting Duties in respect of such Dogs, or for regulating or securing the Collodion of the said Duties.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, it shall not be lawful for any Perfon in Ireland, licensed to keep a Still or Stills to rectify or to compound Spirits or Strong Waters, to fell, fend out or deliver any Spirits or Strong Waters, in any Quantity less than Fifty Gallons ; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithHanding ; and that if any Perfon so licensed to rectify or compound Spirits, shall fell, fend out or deliver any Spirits or Strong Waters, in Quantities less than Fifty Galions, all such Spirits or Strong Waters, and the Calks or VefTds containing the fame, shall be forfeited and may be seized; and the Perfon by whom or on whose behalf the fame shall be so fold, font out or delivered, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds Brit ft Currency.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Com-mencement of this Ad, every Perfon in Ireland licensed to keep a Still or Stills, to rectify or to compound Spirits or Strong Waters, shall within Seven Day3 after the lall Day of every Calendar Month, make out and deliver at the Office of the Colledor of Excite of the Diitrid in which any such Still or Stills shall be situate, a Return or Account of all Spirits received into the Stock of such Diilillerat any time during such Calendar Month; and also a Return or Account of the actual Stock of Spirits and Strong Waters in the Stock, Cuftody or Poffeflion of such Redifier or Compounder, on the last Day of every such Calendar Month refpcdively ; and every such Return or Account shall be signed by such Redifier or Compounder, who shall swear to the Truth of the fame, if required by the said Colledor ; and every Redifier or Compounder who shall neglect to deliver such Monthly Returns or Accounts within the said Space of Seven Days next after the End of every Calendar Month, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds British Currency.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that the Stock of Spirits or Strong Waters in the Stores or Polfef-lion of any licensed Redifier or Compounder of Spirits and Strong Waters shall be less than the Quantity of Spirits which by the Stock Account kept by the Officer of Excife ought to be in the Stores or Poffeflion of such Redifier or Compounder, every such Redifier or Compounder for every time such Dccreafc shall appear, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifteen Shillings British Currency for every Gallon which shall be so deficient.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Spirits shall be received into, or shall be found in the Stock or in any Still House or other Place of any Redifier or Compounder of Spirits, for which

fuch



C. 120.

549

AtL) • 1814.

54 GEO. III.

Perl'ons futt awing Loflcs !»y aholifluirg of Fees.

such Permit for the Conveyance thereof as is by Law required, shall not on Demand of any Officer be produced, or a Certificate in lieu thereof, all such Spirits shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Redlifier or Compounder in whose Stock or in whose Still House or other Place such Spirits shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings British Currency, for every Gallon of such Spirits Penalty, for which such Permit or Certificate shall not be produced as aforesaid.

* XIX- And Whereas by an Adi made in the Forty eighth Year 48 G. 3. c.56.

*	of His present Majelly’s Reign, intituled An Aft for abolijhing Fees 4 received by Officers in the Service of the Cujloms in the several Ports 4 of Ireland ; and for regulating the Hours of Attendance and the 4 Number of Holidays to be observed by the said OJfcers, and certain

4 OJfcers of Excifey certain Provifions were made for the abolishing of $ 1—

*	Fees received by all Officers of the Cuiloms, and for the making 4 Compenfation for the Lofs of such Fees, which said lall recited 4 Adi extends to all Perfons, whether appointed by Patent or other-4 wife, acting by themselves or others in any Office or Employment 4 relating to His Majefty’s Cuiloms and Port Duties in Ireland; and 4 it is expedient to make further Regulations for carrying the faid

4 last recited Adi into Execution ;* Be it therefore enabled, That Enquiry made at any time after the palling of this Adi it shall and may be lawful ,mo J,ms<> for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to refer to the Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties in Ireland for the time being, the case of any Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Perfon, who shall have held or shall hold any Office, whether by Patent or otherwise, any way relating to His Majelly’s Cuiloms and Port Duties in Ireland, or who shall have been or shall be employed in the Service of the said Cuiloms at any Port in Ireland, who may have fullained or may fullain any Lofs by the abolilhing of Fees under or in consequence of the Provifions of the said recited A61 of the Forty eighth Year of His Majelly’s Reign, and who shall claim, or in the Judgment of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, or of the Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties, shall be entitled to claim or recover any Compenfation for such Lofs under or by virtue of the said lafl recited A61 ; and upon such Reference it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties for the time being to proceed, and such Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties are hereby authorized, empowered and required to proceed, as soon as may be after such Reference, to enquire into and investigate the Amount of Fees received by or on behalf of any such Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Perfon, or his Predecelfor, during such Period of time as shall be deferibed in such Reference, and to examine on Oath such Patentee, or other Officer, Clerk or other Perfon, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, if any, and also any other Perfon or Perfons whatever, respecting the Amount of such Fees, and respecting the Duty required to be performed by such Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Perfon, and respecting any other Matters and Things whatever, which shall be referred to such Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors relating to or concerning such Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Perfon, and the Office held by him, and the Compenfation which he

N n 3	lhall





C.120.

A.D.I8I4

55°

540 GEO. III.

v	fball claim 5 and the said Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties

shall, from time to time without Delay, report to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, the Particulars of such Inveftigation, and the Opinion of the said Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties on every such case so referred to them in respect to the Matters and Things referred to be enquired into and investigated, together with such Obferva-tions as iliall occur to them the said Commiflioners, with respect to the Claim of such Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Perfon re-fpeftivcly, or to the Office held by such Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Perfon respectively ; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to make any Order respecting such Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Perfon, and respecting the Officer or Employment held by him, and the Compenfation to be paid to him as upon the Report of the said Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties shall, by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, be thought requiiite and necessary ; and it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Poit Duties, to pay or cause to be paid to every such Patentee or other Officer, Clerk or other Perfon, by way of Compenfation for his Lofs of Fees, Per-quifites and Gratuities under the said recited Aft of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, any such Sum of Money, and to any such Amount annually, not exceeding the Amount which shall be reported by the said Commiflioners, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being (hail direct, under his or their Sign Manual, counter-figned by Three or more of the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland; and every such annual Payment by way of Compenfation shall commence from the Day whereon the Perfon for w hom the fame shall be directed shall have ceased to take any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, and shall continue during the Continuance of the Patent of any Patentee Officer, and during the time which any Officer or Perfon, not being a Patentee, shall continue to hold the Office or Employment, in re-fpeft of which such Payment by way of Compenfation shall be di-pAovifo.	refted	as aforesaid : Provided always, that the Compenfation to be

made or allowed to any such Officer shall be made and allowed in re-fpeft of the Amount of any Fees received by such Officer in such Period before the palling the said Aft of the Forty eighth Year as shall be fpecilied in such Reference of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Irelandy and not under any Pretence in respect of the Amount of Fees received by such Officer in any-Year subsequent to the palling of the said recited Aft of the Forty eighth Year; and provided alio, that no Compenfation shall be made or allowed to any such Officer in respect of any Sum or Sams of Money paid or allowed by any such Officer to any Deputy or Deputies, but only in respect of the clear Emoluments of such Office received by such Officer after the Payment of any such Deputy or' Deputies.

Diftillerscharg- XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing ini', within any Qf this Aft, it shall not be lawful for any Diftiller in Ireland, within I^ur Weeks of aQy period of Four Weeks during *hich such Diftiller (haH work or or lns’ 1 (hail be chargeable as working any Still or Stills, to charge any .	-	fuch



C. 120.

55*

A.D. 1814*	$4*	GEO.	III.

such Still or Stills with any greater Quantity of Low Wines or with greater

Singlings than such Diftiller is or may be required to do within Qu-,n^y

any such Period, by any Law in force at the time when such th°n required,

Diftiller shall be so working or chargeable as working any such Still or diilillmg any

or Stills, nor to make or distil in any such Still or Stills any greater greater (Quantity

Quantity of Spirits than such Diftiller is or may be by Law charge- Spirits than

able with in respect of the Number of Gallons Content of such Still tbcy are ..

or Stills, and in respect of the Number of Charges of Singlings or &c'w ch‘“t>c‘* c*

Low Wines in such Still or Stills within such Period of Four Weeks;

any thing in any A& or Afts in force in Ireland to the contrary in

any wife notwithstanding; and that if any such Diftiller shall within

any such Period of Four Weeks charge any Still or Stills with any

Quantity of Singlings or Low Wines than asaforesaid, or shall make

or distil any greater Quantity of Spirits than as aforesaid, or if upon

the Account taken by the Officer in Charge of the Diftillery of fuch

Diftiller of any Wafh, Pot Ale or Singlings brewed or made, or

found in such Diftillery within such Period of Four Weeks, fuch

Diftiller shall be chargeable by Law with a greater Quantity of

Spirits than as aforesaid, the Officer in Charge of such Diftillery

shall charge such Diftiller with double Duty for every Gallon of

such Excels of Spirits, and such Diftiller shall pay the said Duty, and

shall also forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

XXL Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any such If Excels shall Excefs of Spirits shall not be greater than the Quantities hereinafter not greater respectively mentioned, then and in such case such Excefs shall h^eio mention-only be chargeable with the Duty payable thereon by Law, and the t(jt luCh Excefs Diftiller in whose Diftillery such Spirits shall be distilled or found, only charged shall not be liable to the said Penalty of Five hundred Pounds for with Duty, and such Excefs ; that is to fay, such Excefs of Spirits distilled or made P1‘lll,cr ”ot in or chargeable in respect of any Still being under Two thoufaud *abl'10 enj,3* Gallons Content and not less than One thousand seven hundred and fifty Galions, shall not be greater than Seven hundred Gallons ; or in or in respect of any Still under One thousand seven hundred and fifty Gallons and not less than One thousand five hundred Galions, shall not be greater than Six hundred and twenty Gallons ; or in or in respect of any Still under One thousand five hundred Gallons and not less than One thousand two hundred and Fifty Galions, shall not be greater than Five hundred and fifty Gallons ; or in or in re-fpe& of any Still under One thousand tw o hundred and fifty Gallons and not less than One thousand Galions, shall not be greater than Five hundred Gallons 5 or in or in respect of any Still under One thousand Gallons and not less than Seven hundred and fifty Galions, shall not be greater than Four hundred Gallons ; or in or in respect of any Stffl under Seven hundred and fifty Gallons and not less than Five hundred Galions, shall not be greater than Three hundred Gallons ; of in or in respect of any Still under Five hundred Gallons and not less than Four hundred Galions, shall not be greater than Two hundred Galions; or in or in respect of any Stul under Four hundred Gallons and not less than Three hundred Galions, shall not be greater than Ona hundred and fifty five Galions; or in or in respect of any Still under Three hundred Gallons and not less than Two hundred Galions, Audi riot be greater than One hundred and fifty Galions; or in or in respect of any Still under Two hundred Gallons and not less than One hundred Galions, shall not be greater than One hun-

N n 4	dred





552

0* 120.

A.D. 1814.

D’ftiHers on giving Notice that tuey intend with n i'triod of Yov.r Weeks todi.lil any greater Quantity o:’ Siagiipgs or Low Wines than required to do by Law, may charge Stills accordingly.

Difiiller in what calc to pay Duty.

Diftiller charging Still with greater Quantity o£ Singlings, &c.

Penalty.

Provilu.

Spirits found in Diflillery of a greater Strength

54° GEO. III.

dred Gallons ; or in or in respect of any Still under One hundred Gallons and not less than Sixty five Galions, shall not be greater than Sixty Gallons ; or in or in respect of any Still under Sixty five Gallons and not less than Forty four Galions, shall not be greater than Fifty Gallons.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enabled, That if any Dif-tiller shall Six Days at the lead before the Commencement of any Period of Four Weeks during which such Diftiller shall work, or shall be chargeable as working any Still or Stills, give and deliver a Notice in Writing, signed by such Distiller, to the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, and also to the Collector of the Dillrict within which the Diilillery of such Diftiller shall be filtrate, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Diilillery of such Distiller, that such Diftiller intends within the said Period of Four Weeks to diitil any greater Quantity of Singlings or Low "Wines than such Diftiller is or may be required to do by any Law in force at the time of such Notice, and shall specify in such Notice the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines in respect of which such Diftiller intends to be charged with the Duty on the Spirits produccable therefrom according to Law within such Period of Four Weeks, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Distiller, within such Period of Four Weeks, to charge such Still or Stills with a Quantity of Singlings or Low Wines according to the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines specified and mentioned in such Notice, and no more ; and such Diftiller shall be chargeable with and shall pay Duty for all such Spirits as might be produced according to Law from such Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines within such Period of Four Weeks, whether such Still shall or flutll not be charged with the whole Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines according to such Notice; and if such Diftiller shall during such Period of Four Weeks charge any such Still or Stills with any greater Quantity of Singlings or Low Wines than according to the Number of Charges mentioned in such Notice, or shall dillil in any such Still or Stills a greater Quantity of Spirits than such Diftiller shall by Law be chargeable with in rcfpedl of such Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, and fu Exccfs only and no more as is hereinbefore provided for, or if upon the Account taken by the Officer in Charge of the Diilillery of such Diftiller of any Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, brewed or made or found in such Diilillery within such Period of Four Weeks, such Diftiller shall be chargeable by Law with a greater Quantity of Spirits than as aforesaid, the Officer in Charge of such Diilillery ffiall charge such Diftiller with double Duty for every Gallon of such Excefs of Spirits, and such Diftiller shall pay such double Duty, and shall also forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds :	Provided	always,	that	no	fuch	Notice	of	any

such Diftiller ffiall be valid or effectual for the Purpofe of this A6t, unless the fame ffiall be delivered to the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, and the Collector of the Diftridt as well as to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Diftilleiy of such Diftiller at the time hereinbefore required for that Purpofe.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Acl, it ffiall not be lawful for any Diftiller in Ireland to have or keep in his Diftillery any Spirits of a Strength

exceeding

v^ooQle

A.D.1814.

C. 120.

553

54“ GEO. III.

exceeding Twenty five Degrees over Hydrometer Proof, and that if thnnTwenty five any Spirits of a greater Strength than Twenty five Degrees over Hy- ^ePreesover drometer Proof shall be found in the Diilillery of any Diililler, all	forfeited

such Spirits shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Manner of Officers of Excife ; and that, for the Purpofe of afeertaiuing the ascertaining Strength of such Spirits, the Diililler shall, before he shall pump up Strength, or remove any Spirits from the Receiver or Receivers, or other Veffel or Veffels in which such Spirits are deposited, from the Still in the Diilillery of such Diililler, give Notice in Writing Six Hours at the least to the Gauger or Officer in Charge of such Diilillery of the time when such Spirits are to be pumped up or removed from such Receiver or other Vcfiel, which time shall be at some Hour between Seven in the Morning and Nine in the Evening, and such Officer shall attend accordingly at the time specified in such Notice, or within One Hour after, to gauge and afeertain the Strength of such Spirits, and shall take a true Gauge and try the Strength thereof, and shall. call and compute the fame at the Strength of Twenty five Degrees over Hydrometer Proof, and shall keep an exact Account thereof by making Entries in the Stock Books and Minute Books of such Diftiller of the Quantity and Strength of such Spirits, and of the time when the fame were so gauged as aforesaid ; and if any Spirits in the Diilillery of any Diililler shall be pumped up or removed from any such Receiver or Receivers, or other Veil'd, with such Notice having been firll given as aforesaid, or before such Spirits shall have been so gauged* by such Officer, the Diililler in whose Diilillery such Offences shall be committed shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Penalty. Pounds, and all such Spirits so pumped up or removed contrary to this Ad shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife : Provided always, that in case such Spirits shall Provifo. exceed such Strength of Twenty five Degrees over Hydrometer Proof by less than Three .Degrees, lucli Spirits shall not be forfeited on account of such Excefs of Strength ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithllanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Recovery a Forfeitures under this Ad shall be railed, levied, collected, paid, Penak»es. sued for, recovered and applied in such manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such Rules and Directions as are appointed, directed and expressed for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Ad made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late	J*

Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Ad for settling the ^	*	*	C‘

Excife or new Impoft upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, according to the Bool of Rates therein inserted ; or in and by an Ad 4^ G.3. c. 106. made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled c*

An Ad to provide for the better Execution of the several Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commiffoners of Cufloms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland ; or in and by any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effeduaily to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in Appeal and by the said recited Ad of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years

of

LmOOQ le

S54

Commencement •f Ait.

C. 120, 121.

54»GEO. III.

A.D.1814*

Exiifc Duty and Drawback on French Wine granted by 53 G.3. c. 34. Sch. A. and the Duty on Brandy, &c. granted by 47 G.3. Seir. 1. c. 27. to cease.

Exception.

Allowance made to Dealers of 5s. per Gallon of French Wine in Stock.

of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other A ft or Afts as aforesaid, is provided.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall commence and take Effeft from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the passing thereof.

CAP. CXXI.

An Aft to repeal the additional Duties of Excife on French Wine imported and on Spirits exported from the Ware-houfes ; and authorizing the Repayment of the additional Duty in respect of French Wine found in Dealers* Stocks; and authorizing the Commiflioners of Excife Duties to repay or remit Duties paid on Liquors loft by accidental Staving before Landing.	[23d	July	1814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the additional Duties and Drawback hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the additional Duty of Excife imposed and Drawback of the said additional Duty granted on French Wine, by an Aft made in the lall Seffion of Parliament, intituled An A3 for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain on Tobacco and Snuff, and on French IVines, and, from and after the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, also the additional Duties of Excife imposed by an Aft made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excife on Brandy in Great Britain, on Brandy, Rum, Spirits, Aqua Vita or Strong Waters delivered for Exportation to any Port or Place, not being in Europe, from any Ware-house, Storehouse, Vault, Cellar or other Place under the Locks of the Officers of Cuftoms or Excife, or either of them, ffiall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at any time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which may have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or before or on the said Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, as the case may require.

II. And be it further enacted, That there ffiall be paid to all Dealers in and Sellers of Foreign Wine in Great Britain, for every Gallon of such French Wine (reckoning Five reputed Quart Bottles to the Gallon for such French Wine as ffiall be in Bottles) for which the Duty hereby repealed ffiall have been paid, and which French Wine ffiall between the Fourth and the Twentieth Davs of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, be in the Stocx, Cuilody ’ or Poffeffion of such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, an Allowance of Five Shillings: Provided always,

never-



A.D.1814.

C. 121.

555

540 GEO. III.

nevertheless, that no Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, shall be entitled to any Allowance for or in respect of any such French Wine, over and above the said additional Duty afttnlly paid for or in respect of such French Wine, after the Dcduftion of any Allowance made or received by any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, for or by reason of any Payment of Duty in Advance under or by virtue of the said Aft made in the lall Seffion of Parliament: Provided also, that no Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, shall have or be entitled to any such Allowance, unless he, flic or they, shall within Three Weeks after the palling of this Aft, give or leave a Notice and Declaration in Writing at the Chief Office of Excife in London, if such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, shall reside within the Limits thereof, or at the Chief Office of Excife in Edinburgh, if such Dealer or Dealers, Seller or Seliers, shall reside within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, or to or with the proper Officer of Excife in other Parts of Great Britain, expressing his, her dr their Name and Place of Abode, and the Quantity of such French "Wine, which he, (he or they, shall have so had in his, her or their Stock, Cullody and Pofleffion, and for which he, (he or they, intends or intend to claim the Allowance given or granted by this Aft, and of the particular Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Celiar, Vault or other Place where such French Wine, for or in respect of which he, flic or they claims or claim such Allowance shall have been kept or deposited at the time of the Officers so taking such Stock ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding : Provided also, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle any Dealer in or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine to any such Allowance, unless it shall be made appear to the Satisfaftion of the Commissioners of Excife in England and Scotland respectively (the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of tn^m the said respective Commissioners of Excife), that the said additional Duty has been paid, and also, that no Entry has been made of the said French Wine, or of any Part thereof for Exportation on Drawback ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding: Provided also, that no such Allowance lhaU be made for or in respect of any such French Wine unless the Officer or Officers of Excife, shall between the said Fourth and Twentieth Days of June% have taken a true and particular Account of such French Wine in the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of the Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers claiming such Allowance, for or iu respect of such Wine.

III. And be it further enacted, That the proper Supervifor or Surveyor of Excife, or the Officer of Excife who shall have taken such Account, and afeertained the Quantity of such French Wine in the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, shall, with all convenient Speed and without Fee or Reward, grant and give to the Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine entided to the Allowance for or in respect of such French Wine, a Certificate expressing the Quantity of such French Wine, the Name and Place of Abode of the Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine entitled to

the

Conditions on which Allowance made.

53 O 3-c.34«

Provifo.

Provifo.

Officer to grant Certificate of Quantity of Wine entitled to Allowance.

CjOOQ ie

55*5

Certificate produced to Com-miflioners of Kx-cife and Oath of Dealerthat Wine expressed in Certificate was liis Property,

Sec. Allowance paid.

Allowance paid out of Duties of Kxcife for want of fuflicient Monies.

Perjury.

Forging, &c. Certificate, 5cc.

C. 121.	549	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1814.

the Allowance for or in respect thereof, and the Amount of the Allowance for or in respect of such French Wine.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That such Certificate being produced by such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, to the Commiflioners of Excife for such French Wine as shall be taken an Account of under or by virtue of this A& within the ‘Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, or the Ferfon appointed by them or the major Part of them to receive the fame, or to the Colle&or of Excife, of the Colle&ion of which any such Certificate shall be granted in other Parts of Great Britain, at any time after the End and Expiration of Six Weeks, and before the End and Expiration of Three Months from the time of the granting thereof, and Oath having been made by such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine before any of the said rcfpe&ive Commiflioners of Excife, or the Perfon appointed by the said Commiflioners of Excife, or the major Part of them refpc6lively for that Purpofc, or before such Collector, or before the Supervifor of the Divifion or Diflridt in which such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine shall reside (which Oath the said Commiflioners and Perfon appointed by them, and the Collectors and Supervifors of Excife are respectively hereby authorised and empowered to adminifter), that the said French Wine and every Part thereof specified in any such Certificate, and for which any such Allowance is or shall be claimed, was the foie Property of such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Seliers, and actually in his, her or their Cuftody or Poflcflion between the Fourth and Twentieth Days of June, and that the Allowance granted by this A6I has not with his, her or their Privity or Consent, nor to his, her or their Knowledge or Belief been claimed for the French Wine specified in such Certificate, or for any Part thereof, by any other Perfon or Perfons what foe ver, and that he, she or they hath or have no reason to believe but that the Duty on French Wine by this Adi repealed has been paid for or in refpedi of the said French Wine ; and thereupon the said respective Commiflioners of Excife, or the major Part of them refpedlivcly, or such Colle&or as aforesaid, being satisfied of the Truth of such Oath, shall forthwith out of the Money in their or his Hands respectively arising from the Duties on Foreign Wine, pay to the Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine entitled to the fame, the Allowance specified in such Certificate.

V.	And be it further enacted, That if the said Commiflioners or Colledlors of Excife respectively shall not from time to time have sufficient Mouies in their Hands respectively, arising from the Duties upon Foreign Wine, to pay the said Allowances, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commiflioners and Colledlors refnedlively, to pay the fame out of any other Monies in their Hands arising from the Duties of Excife.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That any Perfon or Perfons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath, in any of the cases in which an Oath is required to be taken by this A61, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Perfons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfon9 whatsoever, shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate by this A6t required or dirc6ted, or fhall

knowingly

C.I2I

557

knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Certificate, or shall fraudulently alter or erase, or cause to be fraudulently altered, or erased, any Certificate granted by any Officer or Officers of Excife, as or for a Certificate authorized to be granted under or by virtue of this Adi, or shall make use of any Certificate, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, false, untrue, altered or erased, every such Perfon or Perfons shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lofc the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

VIII.	And beit further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penalties how Forfeitures, imposed or created by this Adi, shall be sued for, reco- levied, vered, levied or mitigated, by such ways, means or methods, as any

Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adlion of Debt,

Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record at Weflminjler^ or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland re-fpedlively, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majcftv, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them, who shall inform, discover or sue for the fame.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Powers of Diredlions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Ia 2. c. 24. Things, which in and by an Adi made in the Twelfth Year of the ^extcndedto Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Ad for taking

away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife, are provided and ellablifhcd, shall be practised, used and put in Execution in and for the Pur-pofes of this Adi, as fully and effedlually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Diredlions, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enadled in this present Adi.

• X. And Whereas it is expedient that Provifion* should be made 1 for the Allowance or Repayment or Remiffion (as the case may

*	require) of the Duties of Excife, for or in respect of Foreign

*	Spirits, Wine or other imported Liquors accidentally loft by

« Leakage or Staving as hereinafter mentioned ;* Be it therefore Remiffion of enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand Duties ir» respect eight hundred and fourteen, it shall and may be lawful to and for ^/aCrc[jentlnC> the Commissioners of Excife in England or Scotland respectively, or jort’ Leakage any Three or more of them, for the time being, to repay or allow 0r Staving, to the Importers, Owners, Proprietors or Configneesof any Foreign Spirits, Wine or other imported Liquors which shall be loft by accidental Staving on Ship-board, or in the unfhipping thereof, before the landing thereof, the Duties of Excife which shall have become payable, or shall have been paid for or in respect of such Spirits,

Wine or other Liquors, and to remit the Duties of Excife, and

cancel and vacate the Excife Bond, for or in respect of all fuch

Spirits, Wine and other Liquors for which no such Duties shall have

been paid, bnt for which Security shall have been given by Bond

taken for or in respect of the Warehoufing thereof, before Payment

of the Duties under or by virtue of an Adi made in the Forty third 43 G. 3. e. 132.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for

permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in

Warehoufe





55»

C. 221, 122.

45 G. 3. c. 87.

Provifo.

Provifo.

49 G.3« c.98.

§16,27.

*1 G. 3. c.13.

§ 17-19-

540 GEO. IIL	A.D.	1814.

Warehoufe without Payment of Duty, or of another A & made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled An Ad to authorise the Lords CommiJJoners of His Majejly's Treasury to permit certain Articles to he warchoufcd in different Ports in Great Britain upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned, and which shall be so loit by such accidental Staving : Provided always nevertheless, that no such Allowance or Repayment shall be made, nor any such Duty be remitted, nor any such Bond or any Part thereof be cancelled or vacated, urdefs Proof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the said refpeCtive Commillioners, that such Spirits, Wine or other Liquors were loft by such accidental Staving, and not from any Want of due Care or Precaution on the Part of the Importer, Owner, Proprietor or Confignee thereof, or his, her or their Agent: Provided also, that every such Bond shall be and remain in full Force and EffeCt as to all the Spirits, Wine or other Liquors to which the fame shall relate, and which shall not be so proved to have been loft by such accidental Staving, and for or in refpcCt whereof the Duties of Excife shall not be so remitted ; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXII.

An ASt to alter the Mode of declaring the Value of Goods imported into or exported from Great Britain.

[23d July 1814 ]

WHEREAS by an ACt pafTed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for repealing 4 the several Duties of Cujloms chargeable in Great Britain, and for 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof it is, amongst other things,

4 ena&cd, that where by the Schedule and Table thereunto annexed 4 the Duties of Cuftoms by that A6f imposed upon Goods, Wares 4 and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Great Britain,

4 are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure,

4 but according to the Value thereof, such Value mail be afeer-4 tained (except in certain cases therein mentioned) by the Decla-4 ration of the Importer or Exporter, as the case may be, or hk 4 known Agent or Factor, in the Manner and Form, and under all 4 the Rules, Regulations and Reflri&ions, and subject to the fame 4 Forfeitures and Penalties as are preferibed, directed and imposed,

4 for ascertaining and colle&ine the Duties to be paid according to the 4 Value of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, by an A& passed in the 4 Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled • An Ad for repealing the several Duties of Cujloms and Excife, and 4 for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the fold 4 Duties, together with the other Duties compoftng the Public Remame ;

4 for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Met*

4 chandixe, the Produce and Manufadure of the European Dom 'tmns 4 of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain 4 unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment 4 of Annuities on Lives, to the Redudion of the National Debt; by 4 which last recited A6t it is required, that the Importer or Ex-4 porter, as the case may be, or his kuown Agent or Fa£tor, shall 4 make a Declaration of the Value of such Goods, Wares and 4 Merchandize on the Warrant of the Entry thereof, to be fubferibed

4 with

i^ooQle

A.D. 1S14.

540 GEO. HI.

C.m.

SS9

4 with the Hand of the Importer, Exporter or Proprietor, as the 4 case may be, or his known Agent or Faftor, in the Prefence of * Two of the principal Officers of the Cuftoms of which the '

4 Colleftor is to be one, who are to certify the fame under their

4 Hands; and by several subsequent Afts of Parliament the Value of

4 Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from

4 Great Britain is also directed to be ascertained in the manner

4 provided by the said Aft of the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign

4 of His present Majesty : And Whereas great Inconvenience and

4 Delay have been experienced by requiring the Declaration to be

4 made in the Prefence of and to be attested by the principal Officers

4 of the Cuftoms :* For Remedy whereof, be it enabled by The

King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fb So rauch of any

much of any Aft or Afts of Parliament as requires the Importer or j^eclara^on of*

Exporter, or his known Agent or Faftor, to declare the Value of Value of Goodi

any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, imported into or exported from to be made in

Great Britain in the Prefence of the principal Officers of the Cuftoms, Prefence of

and as directs such Officers to certify the fame under their Hands, principal Officers

shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and, from and after the ofa^lloms re~

paffiug of this Aft, where the Value of any Goods, Wares or Mer- Value of Goods

chandize, subject to the Payment of any Duty of Cuftoms on the subject to Pay-

Importation into or Exportation from Great Britain is required to be ment of Duty

afcertained by the Declaration of the Importer or Exporter, or his specified on

known Agent or Faftor, the fame shall be specified and expressed in	Enuy

Words at Length upon the Warrant or Bill of Entry, and be attested by ^

attefted by the Signature of the Importer or Exporter of such Importer or Ex-

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or by his known Agent or Faftor, porter, &c.

as the case may be, and the Value so specified and expressed in

the Warrant or Bill of Entry shall to all Intents and Purpofes

whatever be of the fame Force and Effeft ; and such Importer or

Exporter, or his known Agent or Faftor, shall be in every refpeft

bound thereby, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes,

as if the fame had been as heretofore ascertained by the Declaration

of such Importer or Exporter, or his known Agent or Faftor, before

the principal Officer of the Cuftoms in the manner required by the

Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Aft \

and in case the Value of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize fo

attefted or declared on any such Entry shall be less than the true and

real Value thereof at the Port of Importation or Exportation, as the

case may be, the Goods, Wares or Merchandize may be dealt with,

and the proper Officers of the Cuftoms shall proceed in every refpeft

in the manner preferibed in such cases by the said recited Afts of the

Twenty feventn and Forty ninth Years of the Reign of His prefent

Majesty ; Provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to Provifo for

repeal or in any way alter the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, 493 *.9$.

Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Aft of the * 27'ic*

Forty ninth Year of His Majefty* 3 Reign regarding Goods, Wares and Merchandize subject to Duty on Exportation, of which the real Value cannot be ascertained at the time of Entry, but the lame* as well in regard to the Declaration before the principal Officers ai in all other respects, shall remain in full Force and Effeft.

4 II. And





C. 122.

A.D. 1814.

560

540 CEO. III.

53 °-3-

4 1.

0

in part repealed. V.ilise of Goods Doty-free shall, in stead of former Declaration before principal Olficer, be fpe-c.fied in a fepa-rate Shipping Bill delivered to Searcher, &c. Exporter, &c. not delivering separate Shipping Billj&c.

t Sit.

Penalty.

* II. And Whereas by an Ad paff-d in the Fifty third Year 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for the 4 more corrcB Afcertainment of the Value of Duty-free Goods exfort A ;

4 it is, amongst other things, enadHd, that on or before the Shipment 4 of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, of the Growth,

4 Production or Manufadure of the United Kingdom, not liabk 4 Duty on Exportation from Great Britain, the Exporter or«5V*>-

*	prietor shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the proper Officer of

*	the Cuftoms, a separate Bill, containing the true and accurate

*	Specification of the Quantity, Quality and Value of all such Goods,

4 Wares and Merchandize, ascertained by the Declaration of such c Exporter or Proprietor, or his known Agent or Factor, before

*	the proper Officers of the Cultoms, in the fame manner and form,

4 and under the like Rules and Regulations as arc prescribed aud 4 directed by the said recited Ad passed in the Twenty seventh 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to Goods,

4 Wares and Merchandize subject to the Payment of Duty upon 1 being exportedBe it therefore enacted, That so much of the first recited Ad as requires the Exporter or Proprietor, or his known Agent or Fador, to subscribe the Declaration of the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize in the Prefence of the principal Officers of the Cuftoms, and as requires the said Officers to certify the fame under their Hands, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and in lieu and instead of the Declaration required by the said recited Ad, the Exporter or Proprietor of all Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth, Produdion or Manufadure of the United Kingdom, not subject to Duty on Exportation, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Searcher or other proper Officer of the , Cuftoms a separate Shipping Bill, the Indorsement on which shall contain a true and accurate Specification of the Quantity, Quality and Value of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, such Value being in Words at Length, attested by the Signature of the Exporter or Proprietor, or his known Agent or Fador, and such separate shipping Bill so indorsed, attested and delivered shall have the fame Force and Effed as the separate Bill and Declaration of the Value before the principal Officers required by the said recited Ad of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Hull be subject and liable to the Rules, Regulations aud Rcftridions in th^ said Ad contained ; and if the Exporter or Proprietor of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or his known Agent or Fador, shall not deliver the separate Shipping Bill so indoried as aforesaid, or shall not produce the Invoice of f Bills of Pareels, or shall knowingly make any false Specification or Atteftation of the Value or Contents of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, cither at the time of the first Entry, or after the fame have been allowed to be

aed for Exportation, every such Exporter, Agent or Fador,

„ for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be sued for, recovered and applied [in the fame manner as any Forfeiture inflicted by the said recited Ad may be sued for, recovered and applied.

L.OQQle

CAP.

A»D» 1^14*

540 GEO. III.

C. 123.

•561

CAP. CXXIII.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abufes in the Trade of Hops.	[23d	July	1814.]

*	YTTHEREAS by an Aft made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth 39 & 40 G. 3.

*	W Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An c*^1*

*	AS to repeal an A3, made in the Fourteenth Tear of the Reign of 4 His frefent Majesty, intituled An A8 to prevent Frauds in the 4 buying and filing of Hops, and for the better Collection of the Duty 4 on Hops ; and to prevent Frauds and Abufes in the Trade of 4 Hopsy it is, among other things, enacted, that every Owner, Planter 4 or Grower of Hops, before he shall begin to put any Hops into 4 any Bag or Pocket, shall mark or cause to be marked, on the 4 Outfide thereof, his Name and Place of Abode: And Whereas

4 by an Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His 48 G.$. c. 134* 4 present Majesty, intituled An A8 to amend the Laws relating to § *•

4 the Marling of Bags and Pockets of Hops, it is enacted, that every 4 Owner, Planter or Grower of Hops, shall also mark on the Outfide 4 of every Bag or Pocket of Hops, the Name of the Pari(h and of 4 the County in which the Hops put into any such Bag or Pocket,

4 shall be grown : And Whereas many Perfons not only mark their 4 own Names and the Parilhes and Counties in which the Hops 4 were grown on such Bags or Pockets, but also in addition thereto 4 the Name and Symbol of other Counties, to the great Injury of 4 such Owners or Growers whose Defcription they so use, as well 4 as to the Dealers in Hops, and of the Public Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thou- Grower*, of land eight hundred and fourteen, every Owner, Planter or Grower of Hops not to pat Hops, before he, (he or they shall begin to put any Hops into any Name or Bag or Pocket, shall mark or caused to be marked on the Outfide ^^h!^**1** of each and every such Bag, in large plain and legible Letters, of Four Inches in Length at the least, and Half an Inch in Breadth, Pockets, and on the Outfide o? every such Pocket in large plain legible Letters of Three Inches in Length and Half an Inch in Breadth at the least with durable Ink or Paint, his, her or their Name or Names, and the Parifh and County in which the said Hops, to be packed therein, were actually grown; and if any Owner, Planter or Grower of Hops, or any other rerfon or Perfons (h^ll put any Hops into any Bag or Pocket, without having marked or caused to be marked thereon in manner hereinbefore dirested, the several Matters and Things hereinbefore required and preferibed, or shall before or at any future time after such Hops have been paeked, or (hallf mark or cause to be f Sic. marked thereon the Name of any other Perfon, Parifh or County* than as is hereinbefore directed or preferibed, or the Symbol appertaining to, or any thing denoting to be the Symbol of any other County or Place, every such Owner, Planter or Grower, or other Perfon or Perfons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for ewery such Bag or Pocket, Penalty* to be recovered and applied ip maimer directed by the said recited Aft.

54 Geo. IlL	O	o	II. And



56a

Hop Planters packing different Hops in Bag.

Penalty.

*9 G* > c.68.

* 14*

'fobrrco and Snuft imported into Plymouth.

Regulations of Ad and other Ads in force observed in Importation. *



* t

C. 123,124.	540	GEO.	III.	A.I>.	1814.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Planter or Grower of Hops shall knowingly put or suffer to be put any Hops of different Qualities and Value in the fame Bag or Pocket, every such Owner, Planter or Grower, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Bag or Pocket, to be recovered and applied in manner before directed.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Aft to permit the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the Port of Plymouth.	[23d July	18x4.]

*	TT^HEREAS by an Aft made in the Twenty ninth Year of

*	W the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

*	intituled An Ad for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuffy dwi

*	for granting new Duties in lieu thereof it was, amongffc other things,

*	enacted, that no Tobacco or Snuff whatever should be imported 'or

*	brought into any Part of Great Britain except the Ports of London, 1 Brijlol, Liverpooly Lancajler9 Cowes, Falmouthy Whitehaven, Bully

*	Port Glasgow, Greenock and Leith, upon Pain of Forfeiture of jJl

*	fuch Tobacco and Snuff respectively as should be importAror 1 brought into any Part of Great Britain, except some or one of

*	the laid Ports hereinbefore enumerated, together with the Hogt

*	heads, Casks, Chefts, Cafes and other Packages respectively con-

*	taining such Tobacco or Snuff respectively, and the Ship or Veffel

*	in or on board which the fame should be so imported or brought,

*	together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Ap» 4 parel: And Whereas it is expedient to permit the Importation of 4 Tobacco and Snuff into the Port of Plymouth ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thou* sand eight hundred and fisteen, nothing in tne said recited Aft fhail extend or be deemed or construed to extend to prevent the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the said Port of Plymouth 5 but that it shall and may be lawful to import Tobacco and Snuff into the said Port of Plymouth: Provided always, that on the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the said Port of Plymouth the fame (hafl be subject and liable to all and each and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which Tobacco and Snuff are respectively subject and liable by virtue of the said recited Aft or any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of January One thottfand eight hundred and fisteen, on being imported into any of the Port* particularly enumerated in the said recited A ft 5 and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Direftions and Authorities in and by the (aid recited Aft and every other Aft and Afts ef Parliament in force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, relating to Tobacco and Snuff imported into any of the said enumerated rorts fhail apply and he put m full Force and Execution with respect to Tobacco and Snuff imported into the said Port of Plymouth, as fully and effectually to aft Intent* and Purpofes as if the said Clauses, Powers, Direftions and Authorise!, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this

J Aft;





A.D.rfii4*	54°GEO.III.	C.124,125, r25<;	563

Ad { and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Diredions and Authorities in and by the said recited Ad, and every other Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanifh, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall also apply and be put in full Force and Execution with respect to the said Port of Plymouth, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Powers,

Diredions and Authorities, were particularly repeated and re-cna&ed in the Body of this Ad.

as to Importation into Neweafle, 31 G. 3. c. 47. ? 3» 4-3

CAP. CXXV.

An Aft; to continue, until the End of the next Seflion of Parliament, an Aft made in the Forty sixth Year of His pre-fent Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Mads, Yards,

Bowfprits and Timber, for Naval Purposes, from the Briti/b Colonies in North America.	[23d July 1814.]

1 TY7HEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Experience

* YY been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the

« fame should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The

King’s Mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That an Ad

made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled ?• 3- c* IX7*

An AS to permit until the Firf Day of January One thousand eight continued*

hundred and nine% the Importation of Mq/h, Tar dr and Bowfprits,

or ofTimberft for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North

America, Dutyfree ; which laid Ad was by an Ad passed in the Si G-3- c-33-

Fifty second Year of His Majefty’s Reign last continued until the

Expiration of Six Months after the Conclufion of the War, shall,

from and after the Expiration of the said Six Months, be, and

the fame is hereby further continued, until the End of the next

Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Aft to alter and extend an Aft puffed in the Eighth Year of Eng George the First for Relief of shipwrecked Mariners and distressed Perfons, being His Majefty’s Subjests, in the Kingdom of Portugal.	[23d	July	1814.3

* WHEREAS by an Ad of Parliament, passed in the Eighth 1 VV Year of the Keign of His Majesty King George the First,

4 intituled An AS for more equal payings and better colleSing certain 4 small Sums therein mentioned, for the Relief of shipwrecked mariners 4 and dsflrcjfed Perfons (His Majefy's SubjeSs) in the Kingdom of 4 Portugal, and for other pious and charitable Purpofes usually con-1 tributed to by the Merchants trading to Portugal, certain Perfons 4 therein mentioned were authorized to levy small Sums of Money 4 by a Rate on the Freight and Tonnage of all Goods imported into 4 the Dominions of the Eng of Portugal in Briti/b and Irijh Veffels,

4 to be applied to the Support and Subfiftence of a Mimfter of the 4 Gofpel, to the Relief of shipwrecked Mariners and distressed Per-‘ ion*, His Majesty *s Subjeds, and for other pious, charitable and

O 0 2	*	public



8 G.x. c. 17.

li-

ft*

5$4

C. 126.

54* GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

€ public Ufes : And Whereas it is expedient to alter and amend the * said A61 in as far as regards the Portuguefe Dominions in South 1 America and their Dependencies, and to new regulate the fame 5* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it ena6led by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent ot the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority HU Majcfty’s of the fame, That, from and after the First Day of January One ConfuUempow- thousand eight hundred and fisteen, it shall and may be lawful for the ered to levy, on Conful General and Confuls for the time being, appointed for His entering Pom Majefty’s Subje&s trading to, from or in the Portugue/e Dominions of Portuguefe *n South America and their Dependencies, and for any Perfon or Dominions in Perfons duly authorized by him or them respectively, to recover South America, and receive from all Matters or other Chief Officers or Commanders *	CX~	Ships and Veflels belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of

Half per Cent.	Majefty’s Subjefts which may enter any of the Ports or Places

on Value of within or belonging to the said Portuguefe Dominions in South America Cargoes Inwards and their Dependencies, the following Sums in lieu of the Sums and Outwards, dire died to be levied by the Portugal Contribution A 61 before mentioned, to be employed in the pious, charitable and public Ufes hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, any Sum or Sums of Money in Addition to the Sums now collected by the said Conful General and Confuls, or Perfon or Perfons authorized by him or them refpec-tively, for their Support and Maintenance, by virtue and Authority of His Majefty’s Royal Letters Patent, as shall not, together with the said Sums collected under the Patent, exceed in the Aggregate One Half per Centum on the Value of all their respective Cargoes, both Inwards and Outwards, laden or unladen, in any of the Ports or Places within the Dominions aforesaid ; the Value of such Cargoes How Cargoes to be estimated in manner following ; that is to fay, the Value of the valued.	Goods and Effedts composing the Inward Cargoes to be ascertained

by the Pauta or Cuttom House Valuation at the respective Cuftom Houfes of the Ports or Places within the said Dominions in South America and their Dependencies, at which such Ships or Veflels may unlade ; and in cases where no Valuation has been taxed, then by the Current Market Prices, exclusive of the Import Duty; the Value I of the Goods and Effe&s composing the Outward Cargoes to ha estimated by the Current Market Prices of the Articles composing the fame at the Period of Shipment, exclusive of the Export Duties; and in case any Difference of Opinion should arise as to the laid Market Price, the fame shall be determined and fixed by Two indifferent Britifb Merchants residing on the Place, One to be chofea and appointed by the said Conful General or Confuls, or Perfon or Perfons authorized by him or them refpe6lively, and the other by the Matter of the Veffel or the Confignee or Shipper of the Cargo; and in case the Two Perfons so chosen shall not agree and award the fame within Seven Days after such Appointment, then such Two Perfons shall choose a Third Perfon, being also a British Merchant residing on the Place, who shall decide and determine the said Current Market Price within the Space of Three Days after his Appointment, unless it shall be otherwise mutually agreed upon between the Hud Conful General or Confuls, or Perlon or Perfons authorized by him or them respectively, and the Confignee or Shipper of the Cargo; and such Sum shall be paid in either case asihall be agreeable to this

.	.	Ad;

v^ooQle

C. 12 6.

A.D. 1814.

540 geo. nr.

S6S

A ft ; [and from all Matters or other Cliief Officers or Commanders Duty not to ex of all Ships or Veffels as aforesaid which may enter any of the said ce^ 100 Ports or Places within the Portuguefe Dominions in South America, ^er on* or their Dependencies aforesaid, the Duty of One Half per Centum on whose Cargoes, including the Sums now collected by the said Conful General or Confuls, or Perfon or Perfons authorized by him or them respectively by virtue and Authority of His Majefty’s Royal .Letters Patent, shall not amount together therewith to One hundred Reis per Ton Burthen, as per Regifter of such Ships and Veffels, any Sum or Sums of Money in addition thereto, as shall not together therewith exceed in the Aggregate One hundred Reiser Ton Burthen as per Regifter of such Ship or Veffel.] [ Query the reading in Brackets, but the Roll is Jo.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Diamonds, Diamonds, Specie, Bullion and Precious Stones of all kinds, shall not be liable Specie, &c. not to any Duty under this Aft; but are expressly excepted from and 1,able t0 shall be free of all Contribution Charges.

' III. And be it further enabled, That all Matters, Commanders Manifeft* of or other Chief Officers of all British Ships and Veffels trading to ^^cVnaiU^ or from any of the Ports or Places in the Portuguefe Dominions w}thin «limited in South America and their Dependencies aforesaid, and unloading tim«, or delivering the Ship or Veffel, or any of the Cargo there, shall, within Forty eight Hours after the Arrival of such Ship or Veffel, deliver to the Conful General or Confuls, or Perfon or Perfons authorized by him or them for that Purpofe respectively, a true Manifeft in Writing upon Oath, specifying the Particulars of the whole Cargo of fuen Ship or Veffel, so to be unloaded or delivered, or of such Part thereof as shall be unloaded or delivered there, and to whom consigned; and likewise, Twenty four Hours before the said Matters, Commanders or other Chief Officers require the Outward Clearances or Paffports for their said Ships or Veffels, they shall deliver to the said Conful General or Confuls, or Perfon or Perfons authorized by him or them for that Purpofe respectively, a true Manifeft in Writing upon Oath, specifying the Particulars of the whole Cargo of such Ship or Veffel laden there, or of such Part thereof as shall have been laden or received on board such Ship or r Veffel in the said Port or Place, which Oaths the Conful General,

Confuls, or Perfon or Perfons authorized by him or them refpec-tively, is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter^ra/ir upon Requeft.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all Bills of Lading of fuel* BiHs of Lading Ships and Veffels shall specify to pay the said Monies accordingly, to fpccify Con-under the Denomination of 44 Contribution as per Aft of Parlia-ment,” or to that Effest, and the Perfons paying the fame shall be ment. re-imburfed by the Perfons to whom the said Goods and Merchan- * dizes shall be consigned or who shall receive the fame, or by their respective Freigliters; and in case the Matter or Commander of such Matter,

Ship or Veffel shall neglect to specify the Payment of the said anfwerable* Monies in the Bill or Bills of Lading as aforesaid, he shall be anfwer-able for the fame.

* V. And be it further enacted, for the better securing and colleft-ing the Payment of the said Monies herein directed to be levied for the -Ptifpofes afotesaid, That the Conful General or Confuls for the Confute may iitye btdng wlthih the Portufuefc Dominions in South America and

O o 3



s 66

C. 126.

A.D.1814.

Former T> jty to eeafe on Payment of Duty now required.

Application of Money railed.

Money collected paid over to Treasurer every Three Months.

Yearly Meeting of firkilh Mex-

54° GEO. HI.

their Dependencies aforesaid, or the Perfon or Perfons authorized by him or them rcfpe&ively, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required to detain the Clearances Outward, and all other Papers of all such British Ships and Veffels as aforesaid, and not to give or deliver any Difpaich or Pafiport for any such Ship or VefTel until Payment be made as required; and in case any Matter or Commander of such Ship or Veflel, in order to avoid the Payment of the said Monies, shall at any time think proper to depart without his said Clearances Outwards, in l'uch case the said Conful General or Confuls shall, upon the Return of the said Matter or Commander to any Port of His Majefty’s Dominions, have a just Adtion at Law against him or them for all the Money which by virtue of this Adt ought to have been paid.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all Perfons in the Portuguefe Dominions in South America and their Dependencies liable to pay the Duties on Freight and Tonnage in pursuance of the Adi before mentioned, commonly called The Portugal Contribution AQ> for the Purpofes aforesaid, shall, after Payment made of the Sums required by this Adi, from time to time to be paid as aforesaid, be exempted and discharged from Payment of the said Duties for the future*

VII.	And be it further enadfeed, That all Monies to be raised or received by Authority of this Adt, applicable to the Purpofes of the said Contribution Fund, shall be applied in the several Ports and Places within the said Portuguefe Dominions and their Dependencies in South America to all or any of the following Purposes; that is to fay, to the Support and Subliftence of a Minifter of the Eilabhfhed Church of England to pray, preach and exercise his Minifterial Fundtions there; to the Salary of a Judge Confervator and of such Officers of his Court as may be deemed necessary by the Majority of the British resident Merchants established on the Place, convened, assembled and presided as herein directed ; to the Expences of an Hofpital and Medical Affiftants, to the Relief of (hipwrecked Mariners and diftrefTed Perfons, His Majefty’s Subjedts 5 and to such other pious, charitable and public Ufes as shall be ordered anddire&ed by the Majority of resident British Merchants established on the Place, duly convened, assembled and presided, by the Conful General or Confuls for the time being within the said Portuguefe Dominions in South America and their Dependencies, or by the Perfon or Perfons authorized by him or them respectively for that Purpofe.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Conful General or Confuls for the time being in the said Portuguefe Dominions in South America and their Dependencies, or the Perfon or Perfons authorized by him or them respectively, shall, and he and they are hereby required and directed to pay over at lead once in every Three Months to the Treasurer of the laid Contribution Fund, eledbed and appointed in the manner herein diredied, all such Sum or Sums of Money as be or they respectively may receive under this A ft, applicable to the Purpofes of the said Fund, and for which Payment or Payments from time to time made by the said Conful General or Confuls for the time being, or Perfon or Perfons authorized by him or them refpcc-tively, the Receipt or Receipts of the said Treasurer shall be a good and sufficient Difcharge or Difcharges.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That the Conful General and Confuls for the time being within the laid Portuguefe Dominions in

South





South America and their Dependencies, or the Perfon or Perfons chants held to authorized by him or them respectively, shall call and summon in makrerRcJiVla*. each respective Port or Place within the said Dominions and their butioo^of Fund", Dependencies, some time in the Month of January of each Year, a and to appoint * General Meeting or Aflembly of the British Merchants residing arid Trcafurer. established in such Port or Place, at which Meetings or Aflemblies the said Conful General or Confuls for the time being, or the Perfon or Perfons authorized by him or them respectively, shall preside, the Majority of which Meeting shall have Power to make such Bye-Daws and Regulations for the good Management. and Diftribution of the said Contribution Fund, and for its due Application to the . Purpofes herein mentioned as may be deemed necessary, shall elect a Treasurer for the said Fund during the ensuing Year, and generally order and determine all Matters and Things relating to the Premifes. -	.	_r

X.	Aiid be it further enacted, That this Adi shall be esteemed Public Ad, -and taken in all Courts of Juftice and elsewhere to be a Public Adi,

,and shall be taken Notice of as such without special pleading of the lame ; and if any A&ion shall be brought or Suit commenced against any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in pursuance of this Adi or in relatkm to the Premises, the Defendant or Defendants in such Aftion may plead the General I(Tue, and give this Adi and Oensral Iflue, •the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon,	;)

and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Adi; and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Di(continuance of his, her or their Adiion or Adlions, or if a Verdidi shall pass a gain ft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer,

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the De- . fendant or Defendants shall have full Coils, and shall have such Cods.

Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or hate for Coils in other cases by Law.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Aft to permit the Exportation to Foreign Parts from Scotland and Ireland of Linen Cloth, without Stamps.

[23d July 1814.]

1 XTTHEREAS by an Adi passed in the Thirteenth Year of the 13 G* 1. c.a&

* W Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An 4 Ad for better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen ManufaQures in 4 that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; certain Rules and 4 Regulations were eftabliihed for encouraging and improving the 4 said Manufadlures, and in particular, Directions were thereby given $

1 for the marking and lapping any Manufadlure made of Linen Yarn 4 previous to the Sale or Exportation thereof; and certain Penalties 4 were imposed upon the Sale, packing up for Sale, or Exportation $ ai.

4 of any such Goods not lapped and marked according to such 4 Diredtions; and Penalties were also imposed in respect of any § **•

4 Offence against the said Adi by the Lapper or Stamp Mafter not 4 observing the Diredlions thereof: And Whereas by another Adi 4 made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty 24 G. a. 0.31. V King George the Second, intituled An Ad for explaining, amending 4 cod enforcing an Ad passed in the Thirteenth Tear of His late Mniejly’i ' K.

,,	"	O	o	4	f	Reign,







U?ien Cloth exported though Stamps required by Acts uken therefrom.

If k I* G. J.

(J.)cii

$ 16.

is * 16 g; 3;

(1.) c, %s. 4 4.

C. 127,128.	.	54° GEO. IIL	A.D,	1814.

*	'Reign9 intituled An A3 for better Regulation cf the Linen and Hempen

*	Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland 5 and [£ for farther regulating and encouraging the fata Manufactures ; it

*	was enacted, that all Linen Cloth of the Manufa&ure of Ireland 4 imported into or exposed to Sale in Scotland, which shall not have 4 the Seals or Stamps of some Stamp Mailer appointed by the Twf-

*	tees for the Linen Manufacture of Ireland affixed thereon, shall be 4 forfeited, and shall be seized and tried in the fame manner as is

*	directed by the said Adi with regard to such Linen of the Manfr*

4 fadlure of Scotland as is exposed to Sale without being (lamped:

4 And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Adis should 4 be repealed as to render legal the Exportation to Foreign Parts 4 from Scotland and Ireland respectively of any Linen Cloth deprived

* of the Markings and Stamps directed by the before recited Ads 4 to be affixed or put upon the fame, and intended to be so ex*

4 ported May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual asd Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Adi, it shall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons (any thing to the contrary in the said recited Adis not with (landing) to export to Foreign Parts from any of the Ports of Scotland or Ireland, any Linen Cloth from which the Stamp may have been cut or taken, and to cut or take the Stamp therefrom for the Purpofeoffo exporting such Cloth to Foreign Parts, faring and referring always the Rights and Claims of all Perfons concerned to any legal Bom* ties payable on or in respect of such Linen Cloth.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Adi to amend the several Adis for regulating the Foundling Hofpital in Dublin.	[23d	July	18I4/J

4 T ZJ HEREAS by an Adi made in the Parliament of Ireland\ in 4 VV the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majefty’*

4 Reign, for better regulating the Foundling Hofpital and Work*

4 houie in the City of Dublin, and increafmg the Fund for the Sup*

4 port thereof; it is, among other things, enacted, that all and every 4 Poor Child and Children under the Age of Six Years, who shall be 4 found or taken up within the said City and Liberties thereto adjoin-4 ing, or sent to the Foundling Hofpital, shall be received and kept 4 therein or sent to nurse therefrom : And Whereas by an Adi made 4 in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of 4 His present MajeftyY Reign, for amending the said recited Adl ~ 4 of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majefty’*

4 Reign, it is, among other things, enacted, that, from and after the 4 Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and 4 seventy fix, there shall not be received into the said Hofpita] or 4 sent to nurse therefrom any Child who shall appear to be above f the Age of One Year old, upon any account whatsoever; any 4 Law to the contrary not with standing : And Whereas Doubts have*

4 ariien how far all Infants (not being of the Age of more than 4 Twelve Months) presented at the said Hofpital at all times of the 4 Day and Night, and on all Days in the Year, are entitled to be

4 received

GOOglC

A.D.i8i4»	540	GEO.	IIL	C.	ia8.	5^9

*	received into the said Hofpital: And Whereas the Number of

♦	Infants presented for Admiflion at the Hofpital has of late Years

•	confiderably increased, and there is reason to believe that feveral

•	of them are the Children of Parents in circumstances sufficient to

*	enable them to maintain them, and it has been found that great

*	Mortality ha9 taken place among the Infants sent to the said Hof-9 pita!, particularly during the Winter and Spring Months:* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament auem-

bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Governors may palling of this A A, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Gover. nors of the said Hofpital, or any Three or more of them, from time jn°t" Hofpital for to time to make Orders for suspending and to suspend the Admiflion six Months in of Infants into the said Hofpital for any Space or Period of time not the Year, and exceeding Six Months in the whole in any one Year, and also to rcfu*® Admiflion make Orders for refilling and to refuse admitting any Infant into	catd

the said Hofpital at any time unless the Perfon by whom such Infant ^areunc® cinnot is brought for Admiflion shall produce to some Officer of the said be discovered. Hofpital, to be nominated or appointed for that Purpose, a Certificate signed by the Minifter and Churchwardens of the Parifh from which fnch Infant is sent, setting forth that the said Minifter and Churchwardens have made diligent Inquiry refpeAing the Birth and Parentage of such Child, and that they have not been able to discover the Parents of such Child, or either of them, or that the Parents or Parent of such Child is not in circumstances sufficient to maintain such Child, as the case may be 5 any thing in the said recited AAs, or in any other A A or A As, or any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.	.

II.	Provided always, and be it further cnaAed, That the Gover-

nors of the said Hofpital shall, previous to the Periods of suspending ™ the Admiflion of Children as aforesaid, cause public Notice of the Order for such Sufpension, and of the Commencement and Con- T tinuance of the Duration of such Sufpenfion to be given by printed Advertifements or Hand-bills for the Space of Three Months previous to the Commencement of such Sufpension, and shall cause iuch printed Hand-bills to be posted on the Gates and in other confpi-	*

cnous Places in and about the said Hofpital, and shall also cause such Advertifements or Hand-bills to be distributed among the Clergy and Churchwardens of the several Parilhes, and among the Magistrates of the several Counties in Ireland.

III.	And be it further enaAed, That if any Perfon shall forge or	1

counterfeit any Certificate of any Minifter or Churchwarden required Cltes’ ^

this AA, or any Paper purporting to be such Certificate, or shall forge or counterfeit the Name or Hand Writing of any Perfon or Perfons required to subscribe any such Certificate, the Offender, being thereof conviAed according to Law, either at any Affixes or at any General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace for the County’, '

City* Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall imprisonment. be imprisoned for any Term not less f than Two Years, as the Court r ^ 5/^ before whom such Perfon was conviAed shall order and direAw ; "•'

.s ^	C	f

• i	  .	.	t	‘

-<j	- -»

J J -

Digitize

C. 129.

540 GEO. in.

A.D.1814.

Dutiei on Import, Sec. in Schedules (A) and (B ) and Drawbacks in Schedule (A.) granted in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks. Exception of Duties for Local Purposes.

Provifo for 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 67.

40O.3. (I.) c.38.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act to grant to His Majesty Rates and Duties, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties.

[25 th July 1814.]

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majefty’s most dutiful and loyal Subje&s, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament afTembled, towards railing the necefiary Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for the Support of Your Majeiiy’s (government, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty-, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, there lha!l be raised, levied, collcded and paid unto and for the Ufe of Hi3 Majesty, his Heirs and SucccfTors, in ready Money (except as hereinafter is provided), without any Difcount whatever, upon the Importation and Exportation of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize, not being the Growth, Produce or Manufadure of Great Britain, and not having been imported into Great Britain or Ireland from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, mentioned and fet forth in the Schedules hereunto annexed marked (A.) and (B-), imported into or exported from Ireland, the several Duties of Ctif-toms inserted, described and fet forth in Figures in the said Schedules; and that there shall also be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks in respect of the said Duties of Importation, as the fame are also re-fpedively inserted, specified and fet forth in the said Schedule marked (A.) in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Sorts, under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of the palling of this Alt; except such Duties as have been or shall or may be granted or imposed for certain Local Purpofes in Ireland by any Alt or Alts of Parliament, and which Duties are or may be appropriated to such Local Purpofes by the Ads by which the said Dikies are or shall be granted and imposed, or by any other Alt or Alts.

II. Provided always, and be it further enalted, That nothing in this Alt shall extend or be construed to extend, to repeal or aker any of the Provifions contained in Two Alts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the Parliament of Great Bri• tain in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland* in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any other Alt or Ads in force on and immediately before the (aid Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, by which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce and Mantiia&ure of Great Britain, imported from Great Britain into Ireland, or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize the Growth, Produce or Manufacture



57*

f

ture of Ireland, exported from Ireland to Great Britain, are refpec-

tively made to remain liable to or are charged with or exempted

from any Duties of Cuftoms or Excife, whether Counterrailing or

others, or by which any Drawbacks or Bounties are allowed or given

in respect of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize; save and ex- Except as altered

cept as to the Countervailing or other Duties and Drawbacks granted by

by the said Afts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, and

which are or may be altered by this Aft, or have been or may be

altered by any other Aft or Afts made or to be made in pursuance of

the Provifions in the said Afts of Union for that Purpofe.

* III. An 1 Whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provifions of 39 Mo 6*3-

*	the said Afts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in

4 respect ot the increased Duties imposed by this Aft, and the Sche- *	*	*

4 dule marked (A.) thereto annexed, on Organzined and Raw Silks 4 imported into Ireland, increased Countervailing Duties should be

*	charged on ah Silk Manufaftures of Great Britain imported from 4 thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said increafed

4 Duties in IrelandBe it therefore enacted, That, from and after Countervailing

the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four- titles on

teen, there shall be charged on the Silk Manufaftures of Great Bri-	into Ire*

tain imported directly from thence into Ireland, mentioned, fet forth

and deferibed in the Schedule marked (C.) to this Aft annexed, former Counter-

the several Countervailing Duties therein in Figures respectively in- vailing Duties.

ferted, specified and fet forth, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Equivalent

Countervailing Duties whatever, payable on such Silk Manufaftures,

under or by virtue of any Aft (a) or Afts of Parliament in force

in Ireland at the time of the paiung of this Aft ; and that upon the	'

Exportation of any Article of like Denomination, being of the

Growth, Produft or Manufacture of Ireland, to Great Britain or

dfewhere, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in

Amount to the Countervailing Duty on the like Article in the faid

Schedule, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks now allowed

by Law on the fame, (a) [See 39	40	G. 3. c.67. Art. 6. Sch. 2?.]

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Draw- Duties, &c. backs in this Aft, and in the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, (except on Salt) specified, mentioned and contained (except the Duty and Drawback Pald m Bntilh on Salt imported into or exported from Ireland), mall be paid and Consolidated payable, and received and receivable in British Currency; and that pun<j#

(uch Duty and Drawback on Salt shall be paid and payable in Iri/b

Currency ; and that all the said Duties shall be carried to and made

Plait of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland; and that all the faid

Duties, and all Drawbacks in the said Schedules specified, mentioned Dnties,*c. paid

and contained, shall be paid and received upon the several Articles according to

and Things in this Aft, and the respective Schedules hereunto an- Tale, Weight,

nexed, specified, mentioned and contained, according to the Tale, &c#

Weight, Guage, Meafure or Value of the said Articles respectively specified 5 and also in Proportion upon any greater or less Number,

Weight, Quantity, Meafure or Value of lucn Articles, Matters and Things respectively.

' V. And be it further enacted. That the several and respective Duties payable Duties by this Aft granted on the Importation into Ireland of the on Goods not Oood9, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and fet forth in this Aft, entered or Duty and the Schedule marked (A.) thereto annexed (except the Duties J?011?1?

•a the several Sorts -of Deals and Deal Ends, and Mahogany, in Jg* 1





A.D.i8i4*

sn

Exception.

And on such as shall have been warehoused and remain in Ware-hou(e on or after that Day.

Piovifa

Duties secured by Bond.

Dude*, fcc. on Foreign Goods under following A&i to cease; vis.

45 G.3. c.t8. Sch. A, amt B.

C. 129.	54°	GEO.	III.

the said Schedule fpecified) shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall not have been entered on or before the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid before the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares and Merchandize may have been imported into Ireland before the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four* teen ; and that the said Duties on Deals and Deal Ends and Mahogany, shall be charged and payable on all such Deals and Deal Ends and Mahogany, as shall be entered at any time after the Expiration of Ten Days next after the palling of this A A.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties granted, mentioned and fet forth in this Adi, and the said Schedule marked (A.) thereto annexed, shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein mentioned as having been imported into Ireland, shall have been or shall be warehoused, or shall have been secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof having been firil paid, and shall remain or shall have remained so warehoused or secured, on or after the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in pursuance or by Authority of any Adi or Adis of Parliament in force for that Puf-pose, although such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been imported before the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen : Provided always, that such Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, until the time when the Duties which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been subject to before the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, would have been payable by Law.

VII.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all cases where the

Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Ireland are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise, by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland, at the time of such Importation, the Duties by this Ad and the Schedule thereto annexed marked (A.) granted or imposed may, in like manner, and under the fame Rules, Regulations, Reflridions and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond Or Otherwife.	*	*

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Duties of Cuftoms on the Importation into Ireland of any Goods, Warei and Merchandize, not being the Growth, Produce or Manufadurt of Great Britain, and all Drawbacks in respect of such Duties aa granted or imposed and made payable or allowed in and by all of any and every of the Ads hereinafter mentioned, or any Schedule or Schedules to the said Ads annexed, or in or by any Ad for cottv tinumg or amending the said Ads, or any of them; shall,' fhn^and after the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen,' cease and determine, and shall be no longer* pidd^or pay> able ; that is to fay, in and by an Ad made the rorty^fthYdrr of His pnefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An

Hir Majesty, until the Twenty Jifib Dap tjf eight hundred landfix*, certainRaMs tthtl Duke*\ upon1

r ^ -	imported





A.D. 1814.

573

54' GEO. III.	C129.

imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, and the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) to the said Aft annexed; and in and by an Aft made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An 46 G. 3. c.62. Ad for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty ninth Day of Sep- Sth- A. tember One thousand eight hundred andfix, certain Duties on the lm-fortation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Ex-portation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar and Tea, into and from Ireland, and the Schedule marked (A.) to the said Aft annexed ; and in and by an Aft made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to grant to His Majesty until the 47 G.3. Seir. 2. Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain c. 16. Sell. A. Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation aufl of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, into and from Ireland, and the Schedules (A.) and (B.) to the said Aft annexed; and in and 48 G. 3. e. 80^ by an Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Maiefty’s § 3—6. Reign, intituled An Ad to continue, until the Fifth Day oj July One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to amend federal Adsfor granting certain Rates and Duties-, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, and to grant new Duties on the Importation of East India Sugar and Foreign Spirits ; and to reduce the Duty on British Plantation Coffee imported; and in and by an Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to 5C G. 3. c.97. continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred Sch* A*and and eleven9 and to amend several Ads for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported, into and extorted from Ireland, and to grant to His Majesty until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods9 Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland, and the Schedules (A.) and (B.) thereto annexed; and in 5* G.3. c.38. and by an Aft made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majefly's § 3*

Reign, intituled An Ad to allow the free Importation between Great

Britain and Ireland of Home-made Chocolate ; to prohibit the Imjborta-

tion of Foreign Chocolate into Ireland, so long as the fame shall he

prohibited in Great Britain; and to grant certain Duties on Cocoa

Nuts imported into Ireland ; and in and by another Aft of the Fifty

/irft Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to con- 51 0.3. *>86.

tinucy until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and Sch.

twelvey and to amend several Ads for granting certain Rates and

Dutiesy and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods,

Wares and merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant tp His Majesty, until the said Fifth Day of July One thou* fond eight hundred and twelve, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into andfrom Ireland, and the Schedule to the said Aft annexed; and in and by an Aft made in the laR SeUion of Parliament, intituled An Ad to continue, until the Fifth 53*G.3. c. 55. Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and to amend ^ A,, several Ads for granting certain Rates and Duties, andfor allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods % Wares and Merchandize imported iota tmd exported from Ireland; and to grant, until,the said > '	Fifth





574

A.D. ifri4*

ante, e. 8x.

Sch. A.

Exception.

Articles emime-xated in Sch. to 45 G. 3- c-18. but not enumerated in Sch. to A^, to pay ad valorem Duty.

Articles not enumerated in

Sib. to

45 G. 3. c.18. but enumerated in Sch. (A.) of Ad; liable to Duties as enumerated Articles, under Ad.

C. 129.	540	GEO.	IIL

Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred andfourteen, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Draw hacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland, and the Schedule to the said Aft annexed 5 and in and by an Aft made in the present Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AS to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and to amend fever al A3s for granting cer• tain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland ; and to grant additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland, until the Fifteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and to make further Regulations for securing the Colie Sion of the said Duties, and the Schedule thereto annexed ; and that, from and after the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the Duties and Drawbacks by this Aft and the Schedule marked (A.) thereto annexed, granted on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, not being the Growth, Produce or Manufafture of Great Britain, and the Drawbacks in respect thereof mentioned, specified and fet forth in this Aft, and the said Schedule, shall be paid and payable, and allowed and allowable, on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in lieu of the Duties and Drawbacks thereon under the said hereinbefore recited Afts, or any of them; save and except only as relates to any Arrears of the said Duties under the laid recited Afts due and payable on the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and save only as is hereafter provided in and by this present Aft.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where by the' said recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of His present MajeflyY Reign for granting Duties on Goods imported into Ireland, or any Schedules thereto annexed, any Duties were imposed or made payable on any Articles, Matters or Things, which are not specified or enumerated in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Aft annexed, all such Articles, Matters and Things not so specified or enumerated in the said Schedule to this Aft annexed, shall pay the Duty in the said Schedule to this Aft annexed, according to the Value thereof, as Goods, Wares and Merchandize not being enumerated or described in the said Schedule to this Aft annexed, and accordingly as the fame shall or shall not be in pan or wholly manufactured, in lieu and instead of the Duties on die said Articles, Matters and Things specified or enumerated in the Schedule annexed to the said recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of His prtfent Majefty’s Reign as aforesaid ; and that where any Articles, Matters or Things which were not enumerated in any Schedule fcuncxed to the said recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of His Matty's RfeifoO are enumerated or described in the Sohedule marked (A.) to tSf; Aft annexed, such Articles, Matters and Things shall bcuidble t»* enumerated Articles to the Duties in the said Schedule (A.) to this Aft annexed, mentioned and specified, in lieu of the Dut*vo» the Value thereof to which such Articles, Matters and Things were liable, as not being enumerated in the Schedule annexed fd the said recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of His MajeftvVRafen aforefaid"

;	16. -	-	< X. And

CjOOQle

A.D. i9i4.	54°	GEO* lit	C.	129.	575

X,	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Exifling Coun-Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the tcr™,m? duties fe?eral Countervailing Duties on the several Sorts of Goods, Wares Drawbacks con-and Merchandize hereinafter mentioned and specified, being of the tinned to be paid Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported under .following from thence direCtly into Ireland, and the several Equivalent Draw- Adis; viz. backs on Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Sorts, of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, and exported from thence direCtly to Great Britain, shall continue to be paid, and shall be paid and payable according to the several Amounts thereof, specified in the several ACts hereinafter mentioned, and as the fame are granted and made payable by the said ACts until the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be altered or repealed by any other ACt or Ads; and that such Countervailing Duties, and Equivalent Drawbacks, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, in respect of the Duties in Ireland, upon the like Articles of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, or on the Materials ' of which they may be composed, granted and imposed by this ACt, or any other ACt or ACts m force in Ireland, at the time of the passing of this ACt 5 that is to fay, that the Countervailing Duties, On Glass, &c. and Equivalent Drawbacks on Glafs Bottles, on Leather unmanu- under faCtured on Leather dressed in Oil, on Leather manufactured into 39^ 40^.3. Goods, and Wares, on Vellum and Parchment, and on Mead, and g*cj1< * * Metheglin, and on Vinegar, shall be paid according to the Amount thereof specified, and as the fame are granted and made payable in and by the ACts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland; and 4° G. 3. (I.) that the Countervailing Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks on Refined Ct 3**

Sugars shall be paid according to the Amount thereof specified, and as the fame are granted and made payable in and by the said recited A Ct of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AQ for granting to His Majesty until the Twenty ninth Refined Sugar Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fix, certain under Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and 4^0.3. c.dai Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar and Teas, Scb* " into and front Ireland; and that the Countervailing Duties and Cards and Dice Equivalent Drawbacks on Cards and Dice, on Paper and Paper See. under Hangings, on Books, on Wrought Plate, and on Sweets or Made 47 0.3. Seff.t. Wines, mall be paid according to the Amount thereof specified, and c-l8* &h. B. as the fame are granted and made payable in and by an ACt made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Maiefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Exctfe and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in refpeB thereof, m lieu of former Duties of Exctfe, Taxes and Drawbacks, in tn£

Schedule marked (B.), to the said ACt annexed; and that the Coun-	I

tervailing Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks on Cordage shall be *3 c.3. c. 5$. paid according to the Amount thereof specified, and as the fame are §3. granted and made payable bv the said recited ACt of the Fifty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AB to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and to amend fevered A&s for granting certain Rates and Duties, andfor allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merthandtnc imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight bust* drtdanj fourteen, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation,



C. 120.

£4° GEO. IIL

A.D.



Milt and Beer,

&c. under 5.1 0.3. e.,<H § a.	'

Tohicco and Snuff, under 53 G. 3. t.57. §*.

Glaf* under c. 87. ante.

0IJ011, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise, into tsndfrOm Ireland; Stra that the Coadj. tet^railing Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks dd Mak, and tuxra Beer or Ale, shall be paid according to the Amount theteor fied, and as the fame are granted and made payable by an Aa made in the said Fifty third Year, intituled An Aft M gtitnt to RUs MajeJly certain Duties of Excife in Ireland on Malt; arm that Countervailing Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks on Tobacco matmi featured or unmanufaAured, and on Snuff, shall be paid according to the Amount thereof specified, and as die fame are granted atm made payable by an AA made in the said Fifty third Year,4 m# tuled An A8 to grant to His MajeJly certain Duties of Excife in Ini land on Tobacco; and that the Countervailing Duties and Eqmvji lent Drawbacks on Spirits and on Plate Glafs and Window Ghf$ shall be paid according to the Amount thereof specified, and as the fame are or may be granted, in or by any AA or Adis passed Ur to be passed in this present Sefiion of Parliament, or under such j^dBr as may be in force for granting and imposing such last mentioned Countervailing Duties, at the time of the Importation of such Spmd or Glafs refpeAively, and upon all such Plate Glafs and Winder# Glass, as shall not have been imported and entered at any tnnebefptW the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen ; and that all such Countervailing Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks shall be paid and payable under such Rules and Regulation refpeAing the lame as are contained in the laid recited Ads or an/ of them, as if the said Countervailing Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks were specifically mentioned and fet forth in this A A, and a iff the said Rules and Regulations were repeated and re-enaAed in this ■ Ad.	-

XI. And be it further enaAed and declared, That the Duties granted and made payable on the Importation into Ireland, of Salt, Hops and Coals, Hops and Coals, the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of Great 45 0.3. C.18. Britain, under the said recited A61 of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled An AS for granting to His MajfJlj, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fix, certain Rates and Duties ; and to allow certain Drawbacks and 1 Bounties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into and eu* ported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawback' and Bounties ; and also the Duties payable upon the Exportation Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Mans-faAtfre of Ireland mentioned and specified in the Schedule marked ‘ (C.), annexed to the said recited AA of the Forty fifth Yeat of Hll4 present Majefty's Reign; and also the Duties of Tonnage upon Ships and Veffels trading to Ireland, and the Duties on Entries Inwards and Outwards in the Port of Dublin mentioned and fp^ci-find in the Schedule marked (D.J, annexed to the said last recited AA; and also the Bounties and Allowances on the Exportatioh of Linen 8, Calicoes and Cottons, and on Books specified m the Sche-' dole marked (E.), annexed to the said lall recited A A, shall be afx) continue m force, from and after the pefGng of this A A, until the laid Duties and Bounties shall be altered or repealed refpeAMy by airyAA or AAs; and the said Duties and Bounties mail be paid' and payable as if the fame had been specified, repeated and re-*nadfed in this present AA, and fhaU be levied, ctfleaedknd mod in fiidi

I»1 i tnanner

Duties on Britkh Silt,

S 7»

and Duties 00 Export, Too.

Duties sod Bounties on . Linen, and Bonks, under 45 0.3* «• tZ. Schedule C. D. and B. to continue to bo paid.

v^ooQle

A»D. 1814.

54° GEO. HI.

C. 129.

577

manner at it directed by the said recited Ad, or by any Ad or. Ada amending the fame, in force at the time of the pafling of this Ad.

. XII. Ami he it further enacted, That the Duties made payable by this Ad, or the Schedule (A.) thereto annexed, on any Articles Mich might heretofore have been imported into Ireland without Payment of Duty, shall be paid accordingto this ACt^and the Schedule (A.), thereto annexed; and that no Duty shall be paid on the Im-

£ nation of any of the Articles in this Ad, or the said Schedule :reto annexed, specified and dated to be Duty-free on Importation into Ireland; provided that due Entry of all such Goods be made iu the Culiom House of the Port in Ireland where such Goods shall be imported, expressing and setting forth in every such Entry, the particular Marks and Numbers of the Packages in which any such Goods shall be imported, with the Quantities and Qualities and Particulars thereof, and in the fame Manner and Form as Entries are legally to be made in Ireland, in cases of Importation of Goods subject to. Duty £ and that such Goods shall be landed at the Places and Time* required by Law, and in the Prefence of the proper Officer, and by him examined and discharged, otherwise such Goods shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Cuftom9.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Drawbacks

Xn the Exportation of any Cordage, manufactured in Ireland wed and made payable by the said recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled An AS to continue, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and to amendfeveral ASs for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandise, imported into and exported from Ireland ; and to grant, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four• teen, certain new and additional Duties, on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise into and from Ireland; shall continue to be paid and allowed, and shall be paid and allowed in respect of any Cordage manufactured in Ireland, from Hemp, which shall have paid the Duties by this ACt imposed, and which shall be exported to Great Britain, or elsewhere; and that upon all Tobacco manufactured in Ireland, which shall be exported to any other Place than Great Britain* the Drawback or Compenfation mentioned and specified in/ the said incited ACt of the Fifty third Year of His Majefty's Reign, intituled An AS to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excift in Ireland on Tobacco, shall continue to be paid and allowed in respect of Tobacco manufactured from any Leaf Tobacco which shall have paid the Duties imposed by this Aft, and the Schedule (A.), thereto annexed, and the Excife Duty payable thereon according to Law,; until the said several Drawbacks shall be repealed or altered by any. Aft or Afts, and as if the said several Drawbacks had been expressly repeated and fet forth in this Aft.

. XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Drawbacks granted, allowed and made payable under and by virtue of the said recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majelly’s Reign, for granting Rates and Duties and allowing Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into or exported from Ireland, or any other A& Afts hereinbefore recited, and in force immediately 54 Geo. III.	Pp	before

New Duties on

Goods formerly free payable under Ait.

Penalty.

Drawbacks on Cordage a* under 53 ii.3. c-55- § 3-

and uponTo-bacco exported to Foreign Parts under 53 G.3. ■* c.J7. §	•'	1

comirutdia force. •*

-	17 •>	„

... ->, A

■ <7 u

Drawbacks under 45	3*

c. 18. Sec. shall continue payable .with refpett to Goods having paid former Duties.





No Drawback* unlel's on Good* exerted within Three Years after Importation.

In what case Drawback, kc. not paid.

Provifo for Wine.

Treasury may suspend One Shilling, Two Shillings or Three Slul'uig* of Duty on Sugar under A&, as empowered under

C. i2p.	54°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1814.

before the pafling of this Ad, /hall remain and continue payable with refpcd tofuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which /hall have paid the Duties imposed on the Importation thereof, by the said recited Ads, or any of them, and which shall after the Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen be exported from Ireland; and that the several and respective Drawbacks inserted, specified and fet forth in this Ad, and the Schedule thereto annexed, marked (A.), /hall be paid and allowed only on the Exportation of such Articles as /hall have paid the Duties imposed thereon, by this Ad and the said Schedule thereto annexed.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That all Drawbacks of Cuftoms allowed or made payable by this Ad upon the Exportation from Ireland of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, Articles, Matters or Things whatsoever which /hall have been or shall be imported into Ireland, and all Bounties and Allowances of Cuftoms whatsoever, /hall without any Fee, Reward or Dedudion, be paid by the several Colledors at the respective Ports of Exportation within One Calendar Month after the fame /hall be lawfully demanded, out of any Money arising out of any Duties by them collected: Provided always, that no such Drawback, Bounty or Allowance whatsoever, /hall be paid or allowed, unless the Goods, Wares or Merchandize on which the fame /hall be claimed, be exported within Three Years from the Importation thereof, the said Three Years to be reckoned from the Day on which Entry /hall have been made of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize 5 nor unless due Proof be made to the Satis* faction of the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties of the Entry of such Goods, and of the Payment of the Duties, in respect whereof such Drawbacks /hall be respectively claimed 5 and that bo Drawback, Bounty or Allowance whatsoever shall be paid on any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, Articles, Matters or Things exported from Ireland, unless all Requiiites ftiall have been performed which by any Law now in force, or at any time hereafter to be in force in Ireland, or by any Regulations made, or to be made by the /aid Commiflioners of Cuftoms, and Port Duties in Ireland, and approved of by the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland, are or at any time /hall be required to be performed for obtaining such Drawback, Bounty or Allowance respectively, nor /hall any Drawback, Bounty or Allowance be paid unless the Proofs necessary for obtaining the fame be made, and the Drawback, Bounty or Allowance, be claimed within Two Yean from the Date of the Entry of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise for Exportation from Ireland: Provided always, that any Wine imported into Ireland, may be exported from thence at any time within Five Years from the Importation thereof, and the Drawbacks and Allowances on the Exportation thereof /hall and may be allowed and paid accordingly.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That whenever in any Pub* lication of the Dublin Gazette, containing Notice of the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, inserted in the London Gazette, it /hall appear that the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar

ascertained and taken in manner preferibed by Law in Great Britain or any Period required by Law for afcerUminz the Rates of Draw* backs and Bounties on fuqh Sugar, and on Refined Sugar) /hail be

below

C^ooQle

579

A.D. t8f4*

540 GEO, in.

C. 129.

47 G.3. SeflT I. c. 19. §5.

below Forty nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, then and in such C2fe it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office, or any Three of them, for the time being, to suspend for any such Period as afore* said, the Payment of One Shilling, Two Shillings or Three Shillings in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Duty on such Sugar by this Ad granted, as the case may require, and to take off and to remove such Sufpenfion as is directed by an Ad made in the Forty sixth 46 G.3. &6*. Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for granting §6. to His Majesty, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thou-fand tight hundred and fix, certain Duties On the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar and Tea, into and from Ireland, in like manner as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commiflioners of the Treasury are Authorized to do for the Periods in the said Ad mentioned ; and and then de-that whenever the Payment of any Part of the said Duty shall be so creal*e Draw-fufpended as aforesaid, the several Drawbacks and Bounties payable ,'ja<ck^sa”ltJd^un" On the Exportation of such Sugar, or of Refined Sugar manufadured therefrom, shall from time to time be decreased in such Proportions, and for such times and in such manner as is directed and provided in and by an Ad made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty^s Reign, intituled An Aft to provide more effcftually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland ; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be ware-houfed in Ireland, until the Twenty ffth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; and that in like manner the Countervailing Andalfode-Dutics on Refined Sugar of the Manufadure of Great Britain, im- creife Counter ported into Ireland, and - the Equivalent Drawbacks on Refined Sugar of the Manufadure of Ireland, exported from thence to Great Britain, shall from time to time be decreased, and the Pay-ment thereof /hall be suspended in such Proportions, and for such time and irr such manner as is directed and provided by another Ad made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft to provide for the Decreafe and Sufperfion in certain Cafes of Part of the Countervailing Duties on Britiih Refined Sugar imported into Ireland.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Ad, or a ft nof to ex-the Schedule thereto annexed contained, shall in any manner extend tendtoEuft

to charge with Duty any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, imported ,n<in» Goods directly into Ireland or through Great Britain into Ireland, from W1“’I*IC 0 any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter, granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Ea/l Indies ; but that the Duties and Drawbacks on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be paid under and by virtue of any Ad made or to be made in this present Seffion of Parliament, for granting Duties on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and for establishing Regulations for the Security of the Duties on Goods so imported.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the Duties by this Ad imposed on Linfced Oil and Cocoa Nuts imported, as shall remain, after deduding the Hereditary Duties thereon, shall be paid and issued by the Commiffioncrs of His Majefty’s Treasury of Irrland for the time being to the Trustees for encouraging the Linen tnd Hempen Manufadure* of Ireland, to be by them applied

P p z	towards

vailing Duties, &c. as under 47 G. 3. Self. a.

pay Duty under c. 103. ante.

Application of Duties on Dialed Oil,





5&o

Bounties on Bark,&c.

45 G.3. c.i3. Sch. £. tit. Bounties, Inwards, repealed. Drawback of all Duty on Wines for Ut'e of Officers of Navy.

Proviib.

Exemptions of Dying Drugs under 45 G. 3. c. 18. § 16, 17. repealed.

C. 129.	54° GEO. HI.	A.D.1814.

towards encouraging the railing of Flax Seed in Ireland; and that all Duties paid to, and all Sums granted to the Trufteea of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, mall be exempted from the Payment of all Fees.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Ad, all Bounties payable upon Bark or Hemlock imported into Ireland shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid and payable, any thing in the hereinbefore recited Ad of the Forty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, or in any other Ad or Ads in fore in. Ireland, at the time of the palling of this Ad to the contrary is any wife notwithstanding.

XX.	And be it further enacted. That upon the Shipping of any Wines in any Port in Ireland, in Ships belonging to His Majefty9* Navy, for the Ufe of Admirals, Captains or other Commimooed Officers employed in His Majefty’s Service, for their actual Con-fumption on board such of His Majefty’s Ships as they shall fern in and for no other Purpose, a Drawback of the whole Amount of the Duties paid on the Importation of such Wines into Ireland (hell he allowed and paid under this Ad 5 provided that no such Wiasi shall be shipped on board any of His Majefty’s Ships of War for the Purpofe aforesaid, other than in the Prefence and under the Care and Infpedion of an Officer of the Cuftoms to be appointed far that Purpofe by the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties at Ireland: Provided also, that such Wines shall be so shipped within Three Years from the Importation thereof, and under such other Regulations and Reftridions as may be from time to time made and required by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and His Majefty’s Privy Council of Ireland for the time being.

XXL And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Ad of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, as enads, that under and fob-jed to the Provilo therein contained, the Articles therein mentioned and specified shall and may be imported into Ireland without Payment of the Duties imposed thereon by the said Ad; that is to fay.

Iron Liquor.

Ifmglafs.

Juice of Lemons, of Limes, and* of Oranges.

Lignum Vite.

Logwood.

Madder of all Sorts.	v*

Rock Mofs.	r'

Nicaragua Wood.

Oil of Vitriol.	'	i

Orchal.	f

Orchelia.	^

Pomegranate Peels.

Red or Guinea Wood.:	v	?

Regulus of any Sort* x 4 fu,v! Saccbarum Saturns, or Sugar of > Lead.	7 v >	’	-

Safflower, Saunders Wood, Red* White or Yellow ~ ; ^ ^ SbuJnse

Alum.

Annotto.

Antimonium Crudum. Aquafortis.

Archelia.

Argol.

Arfenic.

Bark.

Barr Wood.

Berries of all Sorts. Reed Canes.

Cobalt or Zafire. Cochineal.

Fuftick.

Green Copperas. Galls.

Gum Caffiew. Hemlock.



54* GEO. in.

C. 129.

581

Shumac or Sumac. Soft Soap.

Tornfal or Turnfole. Turmeric.

Vakmia.

Common Verdegris. Weld.

Brazil and Braziletto, or Fer-nambuco Wood.

Cam Wood.

Sweet Wood.

Green Wood.

Tholoufe Wood.

And all Drugs whatever to be imported into Ireland, for the Pur-pofe of being actually used for dying within Ireland, shall, from and after the palling of this Ad, be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and all such Drugs and other Articles shall, from and after Drugs, ate. to the passing of this Ad, be subject and liable to the Payment of pay Duties, the Duties granted and imposed by this Ad and the Schedule thereto annexed 5 although such Drugs or other Articles may be fold and disposed of for the Ufe of Dyers or Manufadurers in Ire-land* or may be actually used and consumed in dying or manufacturing within Ireland; any thing in the said recited Ad, or in any other Ad or Ads in force at the time of the passing of this Ad, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such But on Drugs of the said Drugs and other Articles, the Duties on the Importa-	J?**

don whereof are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise by under01**** rirtue of an Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of His present 4g 0.3. c. 31. Majefty's Reign, intituled An AQ to permit certain Goods imported Duties secured into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on by Bond. the Importation thereof being JirJl paidy shall and may be warehoused or secured, and the Duties thereon shall and may be secured by Bond, under the Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Conditions of the said recited Ad of the Forty eighth Year, or any Ad (a) or Ads for explaining and amending the fame.

Sa) [See 50 G.3. f.38.]

urther enacted, That all Perfons who, at any Perfons having time before the passing of this Ad, shall have given Bond for Pay- &*ven for nient of the Duties on such Drugs or other Articles hereinbefore specified under the Provifions of the said recited Ad of the Forty fifth except on Drugs. Year of His Majefty’s Reign, shall pay the Duties imposed by the ibid before (aid recited Ad upon such Drugs or other Articles aforesaid, toge- palling of Ath ther with Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Amount thereof, according to the Condition of fuen Bonds respectively, although the said Drugs or other Articles aforesaid shall or may be used or disposed of for the Ufe of Dyers or Manufadurers in Ireland\ or may be actually used and consumed in dying or manufaduring within Ireland; any thing in the said recited Ad to the contrary notwithstanding:

Provided always, that if any Perfon who shall have given any such Bond as aforesaid, for securing the Payment of the Duty on any such Drugs or other Articles shall make it appear to the Satisfadion of the Commiffiooers of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland that he actually fold and disposed of any such Drugs or other Articles at any time before the passing of this Ad, for the Ufe of Dyers or Manufacturer* in Ireland* it shall and may be lawful for the said Commcfikmers to make to such Perfon an Allowance of the Amount' of the Dudes on the Quantity of such Drugs or other Articles so aftbaHy Sold and disposed of before the passing of this Ad, out of the whole Amount of the Sum for securing the Payment of which fock Bead shall have been given.

P p 3	XXIIL	And



582

In what case Duty repaid on Pe^rl A(hes,Pot Afhes or Barilla, uted in Bleaching of Linen.

Value of Goods imported and rated to Duty ad valorem how ascertained.

Regulations in

45	G. 3. c.18. § I2‘

46	G. 3. c. 87. § 8, 9. repealed.

G. 129.	54*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1814.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That where any Perfon shall have made or shall make use of any Pearl Afhes or Pot A flies, or Barilla imported into Ireland, and having paid the Duty on the Importation thereof in the Proccfs of Bleaching Linen in Ireland, the Perfon who shall have so used the fame shall be entitled to receive every Year within Three Calendar Months next after the Fifth Day of January in every Year, a Repayment of all Duties which shall have been paid on the Importation of filch Pearl Allies, Pot Allies or Barilla respectively so made use of by such Perfon within the Year ending on such Fifth Day of January : Provided always, that the Perfon claiming such Repayment shall, within such Period of Three Calendar Months, make it appear to the Satisfadlion of the Com-miflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, by Produdlioo of 1 Copy of the Entry of the importing Mereliant, or otherwise, that such Pearl Aflies, Pot Afhes or Barilla respectively shall have paid all Duties due thereon 5 and shall also make it appear that such Pearl Aflies, Pot Aflies or Barilla respectively shall have been actually made use of by the Perfon claiming such Repayment iu the Procefe of Bleaching of Linen in Ireland within such preceding Year ; and upon such Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the laid Commif. fioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners to order and direct the Collector of the Port or Diftrid within which such Pearl Afhes, Pot Aflies or Barilla shall have been so made use of, to repay to such Perfon the Amount of such Duties, and such Collector shall make such Repayment accordingly.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Duties of Cuftoms imposed by any Adt or Adis in force in Ireland upon the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Ireland are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Mensure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken andcon-fidered as the fame shall be at the Port of Importation at the time of the Entry Inwards of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, including Freight and all other Charges and Expences whatsoever, but exclu-five of the Duties payable by Law thereon ; and that such Value shall be efeertained by the Oath of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Fndtor ; and in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adt, then it fha’l be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms to cause the fame to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize (ha.! b< dealt with, and the Officers of the Cuftoms shall proceed in every respect in manner hereinafter preferibed by this Adi; and that the Rules, Regulations and Diredlions for the afeertaioing the Value of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, contained in the said hereinbefore recited Adi of the Forty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, or in an Adi made in the Forty sixth Year of His Majefty'i Reign, intituled An Aft more cjfcftually to regulate the Colleftion of the Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances and Draw-lacks thereon, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed, and instead thereof the Rules, Regulations and Diredlions in this Adi contained shall be applied for the ascertaining such Value; any thing in the said last recited Adis to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

[See note at the end of Seft. 30.]



XXV. And

A.D.i8i4*	54"	GEO. III.	C.	129.	583

XXV. And be it further enabled, That it shall and maybe lawful Goods paying for any Officer of Cuftoms to open and examine all Goods* Wares

and Merchandize imported, subject to Duty ad valorem ; and if it ^et^ned by shall appear that the Value at which the fame are entered is less than officer, and the true Value, it shall be lawful for such Officer to detain such Value with Per-Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and to cause the fame to be con- centage thereon veyed into any of His Majefty’s Warehouses ; and it shall and may to Importer, be lawful for the Commissioners of the Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, and they are hereby empowered and required to direct the Colle£lor of the Port within which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been entered, to pay out of any Money in his Hands to the Proprietors of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or to the Perfon having made such Entry, the Amount of the Sum or Value at which fuen Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall have been so entered, together with an Addition of Six Pounds per Centum thereon, if the Articles imported be of the Growth, Produce or Manufa£lure of Great Britain, or an Addition of Ten Pounds per Centum oft such Amount if the Articles so entered be of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any other Country than Great Britain ; and also all Duties in either case paid by the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize upon such Entry, but without any further Allowance whatever; which Payment the said Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties are hereby directed to cause to be made within Thirty Days after the Goods shall be so taken and detained ; and such Payment so made to such Importer or Proprietor shall be deemed to be in full Satisfaction for such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, to all Intents and Pnrposes, as if such Goods, Wares and Merchandize respectively had been regularly fold.

XXVI.	And be it further enaCtcd, That whether the Amount of Commiffioners

the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so entered, together of CaTomsmay with the Addition of Six Pounds per Centum or Ten Pounds per Centum order Gocxls d*" (as the case may be) and the Duties paid on such Goods, Wares or	*

Merchandize shall or shall not be demanded by or on behalf of the Pro- p],ym,,nt of prietor or Importer thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Duties and Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties to order the said Goods, Charges, Sec. Wares or Merchandize refpeCtively to be fairly and publicly fold to

the bell Advantage, at anytime not sooner than Ten Days after such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be so taken and detained; and the Produce of such Sale shall be paid to the ColleClor of the Port within which such Sale shall be had, to be by him applied in manner following; that is to fay, First in Payment of the Duties on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize according to the true and real Value thereof, as afeertained by the Produce of such Sale, and in the next place in Payment of all Charges of Removal, Securing and Sale of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which Charges shall in no case exceed in the whole the Amount of Two Pounds per Centum on such Value; and iu the next place in paying to the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize the Value specified in the original Entry thereof, with the Addition of the Sum of Six Pounds or Ten Pounds per Centum thereon, a3 the case may be, or if the Amount of such Value, with such Addition as aforesaid, shall have been previously paid to such Importer or Proprietor, then the fame shall be retained by such Collector for the Ufe of .His Majesty,

P p 4	hia



J«4

OvArpIti* of to Officer.

A mount of Sale left thjn Value, as originally entered, seizing Officer to pay D;der«nces.

Seizing Officer paying Value as entered, with jol. per Cent, and Duties, Commiflioneit to allow him to retain Goods to his own Ufe.

Packages, if valuable, to pay Duty ad valorem.

G* J2y*	J4®	GEO.	HI.	(|i4»

his Heirs *ud 8ucctffors, and fh*U be applicable as other Money in hjs Hapds; and if any Overplus of the Amount of such Sale shall regain in the Hands of the said Colle&or, after such Application as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Cuftom* and Port Duties, and they are hereby required to order such Ornplas to be paid to the Officer or Officers who shall have detained and opened and examined such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, as an Encouragement for the faithful Difcharge of his or their Duty. .»

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Amount .of the Produce of any such Sale of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so detained shall be less than the Amount of the Value specified in the Entry of the fame, by the Importer or Proprietor thereof, the Officer or Officers who shall have detained the forne shall pay to the Colle&or of the Port a Sum of Money equal to the Difference between the Sum which shall have been paid by such Collector to such Importer or Proprietor, and the Amount of the Produce of such Sale, and also a Sum of Money equal to the Difference between the Amount of the Duty on such Goods according to the Value thereof as afeertained by such Sale, and the Value thereof as specified in such Entry, together with all Charges and Expences of such Sale, not exceeding Two Pounds per Centum on the Amount thereof as aforesaid; and all such Sums of Money shall and may be dedu&ed and retained out of the Salary of any such Officer or Officers, ft such Periods and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners of Cuftoms or Port Duties shall directs, or shall be recoverable against such Officer or Officers as a Debt due to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors.

XXVIII.	Provided also, that in case any Officer, so detaining say such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall at any time within Seven Days, after detaining the fame, pay to the Colle&or of the Port the Amount of the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, is specified in the Entry thereof by the Importer or Proprietor thereof together with Ten Pounds per Centum in all cases on the Amount of such Value; and also the Duty paid on such Goods, Wares and Merchandize on the Entry thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties to direct and order that such Officer may retain such Goods, Wares and Merchandize to bis own Ufe, and may dispose of the fame in such manner, and at such time as he shall in his Difcretion think fit; and in such case the whole of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and the Produce thereof* if the fame shall at any time afterwards be fold and disposed of, fhaH be the Property of such Officer or Officers for his or their own Ufe and Benefit; and all Money paid by such Officer to such Colle&or, shall be by such Colle&or applied as other Public Money in his Hands is by Law applicable.

* XXIX. And Whereas in many cases the Calks or Packages € which contain Goods, Wares or Merchandize, fubieA to Duty ad * valorem, are also of a certain Value;' Be it enacted, That in iH cases where such Calks or Packages are of real Value, more than the usual or necessary Calks or Packages for such Goods or Meridian^ dize are or ought to be, they shall be entered, and the Value thereof, if entered ad valorem, shall in every Valuation be added to the Value' of the Goods, and pay Duty accordingly-

XXX* And



A.D.1814*	54° 0E&/1IL	<3.129.

J XXX.' And be it further enaft^d, That in alt cases where by this Aft, or arty other Aft or Afts in force in Irelandrelating to the Revenues under the Management of the said Commiffionerc of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or of the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, any* Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall and may be seized or detained,

* it shall and may be lawful for the Officer seizing and detaining the fame, also to seize and detain the Cafks and Packages in whichluch Ooods, Wares and Merchandize shall be respectively contained, and such Calks'and Packages shall be dealt with in all respects in the fime manner as the Goods, Wares and Merchandize so seized and ^detained. TSeSions 20, 20. of this Aft in the fame Words as Seft. 10, 11.0/46 G.3. r.87.]

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain from Ireland any French Wines in Packages, each of which shall contain at the lead Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Flasks, as well for Sale as for Private Ufe, on Payment of the several and re-fpeftive Duties, as well Cuftoms as Excife, due and payable on the Importation of such Wines 5 provided that such Wines shall be imported in British or /rj#-built Ships or Vefleis, owned, navigated and registered according to Law; and in such manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Reftriftions, and shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are provided and in force in relation to the Importation of French Wines in Bottles or Fla(ks imported into Great Britain.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any of the Duties of Cuftoms or Excife in Great Britain, granted or made payable by any Aft in force in Great Britain, at the time of the passing of this Aft, upon any Articles on which any Duty is hnpofed by this Aft, or the Schedule hereto annexed, or any Part of such Duties in Great Britain shall cease or determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, Proviftoa shall be made that so much of tne Duties of Cuftoms granted by this Aft and made payable in Ireland, as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine or be repealed as afore-faid in Great Britain shall in like manner cease or determine, or be repealed, and shall not be payable in Ireland at any time after the time when such Duties of Cuftoms or Excife shall cease or determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain and the Duties of Cuftoms made payable by this Aft shall be reduced accordingly: Provided always, that no such Reduftion shall take place on any Article mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed which shall not under this Aft pay a Duty in Ireland equal in amount to the Duty of Cuftoms and Excife payable on the Hke Article in Great Britain.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Pro-vifions. Rules, Regulations, Rettriftions, Conditions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for granting unto His Majesty until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Jix, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawback* and Bounties upon Goods $ Wares and Merchandize im-ported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties,

-	13	Draw-

585

PackagesJnay in all cases be seized, 8cc. together with the Goods.

French Wines may be imported into G. B. fiom Ireland in Packages containing not lei's than Six Dozen Quarts.

When any Part of Duties in G.B. on Article liable to Duty . under AO, repealed, or frail cease, Duties under Aft reduced in like Proportion.

Provifo.

Clauses, &c. in 45 G. 3. c. 18. See. not repealed or altered, extended to Ad.

v^ooQle

A.D.1814.

5«<S

C. 129.

54' GEO. III.

Duties and Drawbacks levied and paid as former Duties and Drawbacks.

*4 & 15 Car. a. (I.) Sell*. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

Itc.

Appeal

Drawbacks and Bounties, or in any other of the Ads hereinbefore recited and referred to, which are not expressly altered or repealed, or otherwise provided for by this present Ad, and which relate to the Importation or Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or to the prohibiting the Importation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or which relate to the Payment or Application of any Duty or of any Allowance of Drawback or Bounty on, or in respect of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize mentioned and specified in the said recited Atta or any of them, shall be and continue in force until the fame shall be altered or repealed, and the fame shall be applied and put in Execution with respect to the Duties and Drawbacks by this Ad granted and allowed as fully and eflVdually, to all Intents and Pur-pofes whatsoever, as if all such Cknifes, Provifoes, Rules, Regulations, Rellriclions and Conditions, Penalties and Forfeitures were fully repeated and re-cnaded in this Ad, except only so far as the fame are altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties, and Drawbacks and Bounties by this Ad granted or allowed, and made payable, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and applied, in the fame manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures, and by such ways and methods, and under such Rules and Dircdions, as are appointed, directed and ex-prelfed for the railing, colleding, levying and paying and managing of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, or for the levying and applying any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Mnjefty King Charles the Second, intituled yin AH for settling the Excife or new Imprjl upon His Majejlyy His Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty lixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled yin AH to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things^ under the Management of the Comniiflioncrs of Cujloms and Port Duties, and of the Commijfioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Ad or Ads in force in Irelandy relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers and Authorities, Rules and Diredions, Penalties and Forfeiturei, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Ad palTed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Ad or Ads as aforesaid is provided.

SCHEDULES



54° GEO. III.

5»7

C.I2p.

SCHEDULES to which this A£ refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on the Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares and Merchandize (not being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain), and the several and respective Drawbacks tp be allowed on the Exportation of such Goods, Ware3 and Merchandize from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
A.	X. s. d.	X. s. d.
Acacia, the lb. -Acetoseila Sal. See Sal.	0 1 11	0 0 10
Acorus, the lb.	0 0 7	0 0 3
Adianthum, the lb.  Agaric, the cwt. -Agates ; viz.  	 polished or otherwise manufactured, for every  .£100. of the Value -	 rough or unmanufactured, for every XI00. of	0	0 7  1	18 0  5D 7 6	0 0 3
the Value -Alderney, Isle of. Sec Guernsey.  Ale. See Beer.  Alkali, not otherwise enumerated or described, for	31 13 4	13 6 8
every XI00. of the Value -	31 13 4	13 6 8
Alkanet Root,* the lb. -	0 0	0 0 4
Alkekengi Baccae, the lb. -	0 0	0 0 4
Alkermes Con fee tio, the oz.	0 1 7*	0 0 8
	Syrup, the lb.  Almond Paste, for every XI00. of the Value Almonds; viz.	0 U  59 7 6*	0 1 0
	■■■ — bitter, the cwt. ...	111 8	0 13 4
■	Jordan, the cwt.	4 15 0	2 0 0
-■»—	of any other Sort, the cwt. 1 -  For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Almonds of all Sorts may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48Geo.3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Almonds, Oil of. See Oil.  Aloes; viz.  	Socotorina, imported directly from the Place of	2 7 6	1 0 0
their Growth, the lb. - -		 - - not imported directly from the Place	0 2	0 1 0
of their Growth, the lb.	0 4 9	0 2 0
	of any other Sort, the lb.	0 1 2J	0 0 6
Ahim, the cwt. - -	0 17 5	0 7 4
	 Plume, the lb. -	0 0 4£	0 0 2
—— Roch, the cwt. -	0 11 1	0 4 8



C. 127..

54® GEO. III. -

58$

A.D.1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty*	Drawback.
Amber; viz,  	Beads. See Beads.  Oil of. See Oil.  	Rough, the lb.  	—not otherwise enumerated or described, for	£. t. d. 0 1 7	£. s. d. 0 0 8
every £ 100. of the Value	59 7 6	25 0 0
Ambergris, the oz.	0 4 9	0 2 0
Ambra Liquids, the lb.  Ammi Seed. See Seed.  Ammoniacum ; viz.  	Gum. See Gum Ammoniacus.  	 Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus.	0 5 6£	0 2 4
Anacardium, the lb. - -Anchor Stocks. See Wood.	0 1 Ilf	0 0 10
Anchovies, the lb. -  For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Anchovies may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. gap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.	N  O  O	0 0 3
Angelica, the lb.  An^usture Cortex. See Cortex. Ammi Gum. See Gum. Anniseed. See Seed.  	 Oil of. See Oil.	0 0 7	0 • 4>
Annotto, the.cwt. -Antimonium ; viz.  »- 		— Crudum, the cwt. - -  > ■■ ■ — Preparatum or Stibium, the lb.	1 19 7  0 11 10 0 0 4f	0 0 2
Apples, the Bushel -t— - dried, the Bushel _	0 3 2 0 6 8	c r
Aquafortis, the cwt. Arabic, Gum. See Gum. Ardheka. > See Orchelia.	0 14 3	* I
Ai^ol, ;the cwt. - -	0 4 9	
ArStofcchki, or Bithwort, thelb.  Armenia Bole. ) See Bole Armoniac.  Armomac. i J  Arquebusade.! See Spirits. 1	0 0 9f	0 0 1  1 'l
Arrow Root 6r Powder, the lb.  —i—tftei Produce of any of the British Plants-! tions in America, and imported directly	0 0 4f	
i ? ' from thence, the lb. - -	0 0 2|	-
Arsenic, the cwt. - - -	0 14 3	i
Aisafaetida, . imported directly from the Place of its j Growth, the lb. - -		/ l
	0 0 91  i >; D*	0 0 1^
+ not imported directly from the Place of its		
1 r r< 0 Growth, the lb.	-o T !• r-i	&■ '<rrr~
Afcarum Root, the lb. - - -	0 0 7	If' 0 a3

C^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. t. d.	£. 8. d.
0 7 H	—
0 11 1	—
0 11 10£	
0 17 0 17	—
31 13 4	is 9 ~j&.'
0 0 9i 3 6 6	0 0 A
4 11 0	• —-
0 1 7 0 4 9	0 >20
0 4 9  0 1 2$ 0 1 114	0 a 0  6 0 t  0 6 16  i. * * w M V
0 3 Uj	4-4f
69 7 6 0 0 9$ 0 4 9	25 0 0  a o>  r 0 • 2- 6
Oil 4 0 12 O	.0 A 8 1 0 6 8  - *\ \it »* irt'.

Ashes; viz.

----- Fechia, the cwt.

the cwt.

not imported in a Ship, the cwt.

. rica, and imported dire from thence, the cwt. Soap, Weed and Wood, the cwt. not otherwise enumerated or described.

of the whole of the Duty paid on Importation, upon due Proof being given that the same have been used and consumed in bleaching Linen manufactured in Ireland. See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Asphaltus, the lb.	-	-

A»es,' each -

Aurentiorum Cortex. See Limonum, in Cortex. Auripigmentum. See Orpiment.

B.

Baccae Alkekengi. See Alkekengi Baccae.

Bacon or Hams, the cwt.

Badger Skins. See Skins.

Balks. See Wood.

Balls; viz. Washing Balls, the lb.

Balm of Gilead, the lb.

Balsam; viz.

—	Artificial, the lb.

—	Canada, the lb.	-

—	Ccpaiva or Capivi, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions

udder which Balsam Capivi may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

—	Natural, the lb.

—	not Otherwise enumerated or described, for every j£100. of the Value

Salustia, the lb.

Bandstring Twist, the Dozen Knots Raxhadfles/Tar* See Tar.

Barilla, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

1-4—ar—ftnofcimported in* British-built Ship, the cwt. -I /For the Cfondifcons, Regulations ana Restrictions I under which Barilla may be secured in Ware-



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

houses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Barilla is entitled to a Repayment of the whole of the Duty paid on Importation, upon due Proof being given that the same has been used and consumed in bleaching Linen manufactured in Ireland. See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Bark ; viz.

------Jesuits. See Cortex Peruvianus.

—	Oak, the cwt.	-

■ - Black Oak, or Quercitron, for the Purpose of dying, imported from any Country not in Europe, in Casks, containing not less than 150 lbs. net, the cwt. -

-	otherwise imported, for every i?100.

of the Value

—— Red Mangrove, imported in Casks, containing not less than 150 lbs. net, the cwt.

-	-	-	-	otherwise imported, for every

,£'100. of the Value

—	not otherwise enumerated or described, for

every £?100. of the Value Barley. See Corn.

------- hulled.	See	Pearl Barley.

Barras, Dutch. See Canvas, in Linen.

Basket Rods, the Bundle, not exceeding Three Feet in circumference at the Band Baskets ; viz.

- ■ Hand Baskets, the Dozen ——■ * not otherwise enumerated or described, for every .£100. of the Value Basons of Marble. See Stones.

Bast Ropes, the cwt.	-

Bast, or Straw Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

—— Platting, or other Manufacture of Bast or Straw for making Hats or Bonnets. Sec Platting. } Batten Ends. I c lr ,

Batttns.>	}See Wood.

Battery, the cwt.

Bay-berries. See Berries.	j

Bay, OB of. See Oil.

Bay* or Myrtle Wax. See Wax.	{

Bay Yarn. See Woollen Yarn, in Yarn.

Bdellium, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. -mtmm ■ not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. •	.r	-!

Duty. Drawback.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

0 0 7		:
0 0 3r!	—
31 13 4	13 6 8
0 0 7	—
3113 4	13 6 8
59 7 6	25 0 0
0 3 2	—.
0 2 4$	—
59 7 6	—
0 5 lli	
4 15 0	2 0 0
0 »	0- 0 4
0 17	0 0 8

v^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.
	£. s. d.
Beads ; viz.	
	 Amber Beads, the lb.	0 11 io-J5
	 Coral Beads, the lb.	0 15 10*
-- ■ Crystal Beads, the 1,000 - - ,	1 8 6
	 Jet Beads, the lb.	0 3 2
■■ not otherwise enumerated or described, for	
every .£100. of the Value	59 7 6
Beans. See Corn.	
	 Kidnev or French Beans, the Bushel	0 0 9}
Bear Skins. See Skins.	
Beaver Skins. See Skins.	
	Wool. See Wool.	
Bed Feathers. See Feathers for Beds, in Feathers.	
Beds. See Feather Beds.	
Beech, Boards.	
	 Plank. >See Wood.	
	 Quarters. J	
Beer or Big. See Corn.	
Beer ; viz.	
	Mum, the Barrel of 32 Gallons	1 2 2
—— Spruce Beer, the Barrel of 32 Gallons	1 6 11
	 or Ale, of all other Sorts, the Barrel of 32 Gallons -	1 4 0
Bees Wax. See Wax.	
Bell Metal. See Metal.	
Belvedere Raisins. See Raisins.	
Benjamin, the lb. •	0 1 7
Bere or Big. See Corn.	
Bergamot, Essence of. See Essence.	
Berries; viz.	
	 Bay, the cwt. -	0 11 1
	 Juniper, the cwt. -	0 11 1
For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions	
under which Juniper Berries may bo secured	
in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ;	
See 48 Geo.3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.	
	 Myrtle, the lb. - -	0 0 7
—	 Yellow, for Dyers Use, the cwt.	1 8 6
	 for Dyers Use, not otherwise enumerated or	
described, the cwt.	1 3 9
	 not for Dyers Use, not otherwise enumerated	
or described, for every £ 100. of the Value -	59 7 6
Bezoar Stones, the oz.	0 2 4j
Bigg or Beer. See Corn.	
Birds ; viz.	
— Singing Birds, the Dozen	0 7 11
Biscuit. See Bread.	
Bitumen Judaicum, the lb.	0 0 9{
Blaeking, the cwt, • .	3 11 3

Drawback.

£. 8. d.

0 5 0 0 6 8 0 12 0 0	1	4

25 0 0

0 9 4 0 11	4

0 5 10

0 0 8

0 4 8

0 0 3

25 0 0 0 I 0

0 0 4

v^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.		Duty.	Drawback.
Bladders, the Dozen		jL. s. d. 0 0 4	£. t. d. 0 0 2
Blubber. See Train Oil, in Oil.  Boards. See Wood.  Bole Armoniac, or Armenian Bole, the cwt.		0 7 11	0 3 4
Bones and Hooves of Cattle, for every .£100. of the Value - - - -		31 13 4	13 6 8

Bonnets. See Hats.

Books; viz.

-------bound, the cwt. -

-------unbound, the cwt.

Borax; viz.

-------refined, the lb.

-------unrefined, or Tineal, the lb.	-

Botargo, the lb.	-

Bottles ; viz.

------- of Earth or Stone, the Dozen Bottles

------- of Glass covered with Wicker, the Dozen Quarts

■	— '■■■ of green or common Glass, full or empty, not

bf less Content than One Pint, and not being Phials, the Dozen Quarts ---- - of Glass not otherwise enumerated or described, for every «€100. of the Value Note.—Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported, are not subject to Duty.

Bowls, or Buckets of Wood, the Dozen Bowsprits. See Masts, in Wood.

Boxes ; viz,

■	—	■ Dressing Boxes, for every £ 100. of the Value -

——Nest Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen

Nests, each Nest containing 8 Boxes

—	■ Pill Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen

Nests, each Nest of 4 Boxes ■ > ■■ ■ - Sand Boxes, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen Boxes -■- Snuff Boxes, not being Gold or Silver, for every £\00. of the Value -not otherwise enumerated or described, for every j£100. of the Value Boxwood* See Wood.

Bracelets, or Necklaces of Glass, the Gross, containing 12 Bundles or Deckers, each Bundle or Decker containing 10 Necklaces .

Brandy. See Spirits.

Brass; viz,

—- Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £100. of the Value —■ — Old. See Sbruflf.

—	» Powder of, for Japanning. See Powder..

-----Wire. See Wire.

6	9
4	17
0	1
0	0
0	0
0	3
1	1
0	7
114	0
0	1
59	7
1	7
0	4
0	8
59	7
59	7

0 9

59 7

10

41

7

7

m

2

H

11

0

nf

6

8

9

H

6

6

6

6

0 0 3

0 11 8 0 2 0 0 3 8





gfjGEQ. m.

C.129.

593

[Brazi|. ' i v

— Cioods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from other Foreign Countries, may be imported direct from any such Territories or Dominions, in any Ship or Vessel built therein, or taken by any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Portuguese Government, and Such Goods so imported directly into this Kingdom, may be entered and landed on Pay-, ment of such Duties of Customs and Excise, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of the like Denomination or Description, upon their Importation into this Kingdom from any other Foreign Country in British-built Ships ; and in cases where different Duties are imposed upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of the like Denomination or Description, imported from different Foreign Countries, then upon Payment of the lowest Duties which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation, in British-built Ships or Vessels, of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, from any Foreign Country.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which such Goods may be so imported and entered and landed; See 51 Geo. 3. cap. 47.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which any of the Articles enumerated or described in the Table marked (A.) annexed to the Act of the 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32. being of the Growth or Produce of Brazil, or any other Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal, in South America, and imported directly from thence, may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

BmilW^d. 1 See Wood.

Braziletto Wood. j Bread, or Biscuit, prohibited.

24 Geo. 3. cap. 19, §18; sess;2. c.ld. § 5.

Bricks, the 1,000

; 54 Geo. III.

»Sec.Irish Act 23 and and also 47 Geo. 3.

Qq

£. s. d.

£.	1.

12 2

‘ - C







1 m

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Brimstone, or Sulphur Vivum, viz.

--------- Rough, imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.	-	-

-	not imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt. -

----------- in	Rolls,	imported	in	a	British-built	Ship,

the cwt.	-

-	not imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

----------- in	Flowers,	imported	in	a	British-built	Ship,

the cwt. --	not imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Brimstone may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty'; Sec 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Brimstone used and consumed in making Oil of Vitriol, Aquafortis or Nitrous Acid, under cer tain Regulations and Conditions, is entitled to a Drawback of the Duties paid on Importation See 46 Geo. 3. cap. 87. § 70.

Bristles; viz.

•-------- dressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the

Dozen lbs

- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen lbs.

--------- rough	or	undressed,	imported	in	a	British-built

Ship, the Dozen lbs,

-	-	not	imported	in	a	British-built	Ship,

the Dozen lbs.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which undressed Bristles may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38 Broken Glass. See Glass.

Bronze Figures and Wares, for every .£100. of the Value

Powder. See Powder.

Brooms; viz. Flag or Whisk Brooms, the Dozen Bruges or Bridges Thread. See Thread.

Buck or Deer Skins. See Skins.

Buckets of Wood. See Bowls.

BuflUk) Hides and Horns. See Hides. Horns. Bugle ; viz.

------Great, the lb.

Small or Seed, the lb.

Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, Duty-free Lull Rushes, the Load containing 63 Bundles .

Duty.	Drawback.
S. t. d.	£. d.
0 15 01	0 6 4
0 15 10	0 6 4
0 19 91	0 8 4
1 0 7	0 8 4
1 3 9	0 10 0
1 4 11	0 10 e
0 11 10,	0 5 0
0 12 8	0 5 0
0 3 6|	0 1 «
0 3 11$	0 1 «
59 7 6		.
0 0 9$	
0 3 2 0 4 9	0 1 J  0 2 0
O il lot	0 * 0



A.D.1814.

54° GEO. III.

C. 129.

595

I

Jh

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Burgundy Pitch. See Pitch.  Burrs for Mill Stones. See Stones.  Burrachas. See India-Rubbers.  Busts or Figures of Marble or Stone. See Stone sculptured.  	not otherwise enumerated or described, for every	■£. t. d.	£. s. d.
j£100. of the Value -	59 76	~
Butter, the cwt. - - - -C.  Cables, tarred or untarred, whether in Use or other-	0 5 1$	
wise, the cwt. -Cable Yarn. See Yarn.  Cajaputa, Oil of. See Oil.  Cake Lac. See Gum Lac.  Calabar Skins. See Squirrel Skins, in Skins. Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis,	1 1 41	
Calamus Aromaticus, the lb.	0 e 91	0 0 4
Calavances, the Bushel -Calf Skins. See Skins.  Calves. See Cattle.	0 0 9|	
Calves Velyes, the cwt. - - -, Cambogium. See Gamboge.  Camel Hair. See Hair.  Camel or Mohair Yarn. See Yam.	0 11 5£	0 4 10
Camomile Flowers, the lb. -Camphire, or Camphor ; viz.  '	refined, imported directly from the Place of	co|*  O  O	0 0 2
its Growth, the lb.  		 - not imported directly from the Place	0 1 Ilf	
of its Growth, the lb.  		 unrefined, imported directly from the Place	0 3 111	
of its Growth, the lb.  - not imported directly from the	0 1 2J	0 0 6 0 1 0 1
Place of its Growth, the lb. Cam Wood. See Wood.  Canada Balsam. See Balsam,  Canary Seed. See Seed.	0 2 41	
Cancrorum Oculi, the lb. -Candles ; viz.	O  N> 	.♦H	0 0 6
	Spermaceti, the lb. ...	0 2 41	
	Tallow, the cwt. - -	334'	i
	Wax, the lb.	0 2 4i	- J
Candlewick, the cwt. -  Cane Hats or Bonnets. See Hats. j Cane, and Platting, or Hats or Bonnets thereof. See : , Hats. Platting.	4 8 8	i  :
C&nella Alba, the lb. - - J  Qq *	0 0  	0 •  oogle

Canes ; viz.

Rattans, the 1,000	-

Reed Canes, the 1,000	-

Walking Canes, the 1,000 Cans of Wood, the Dozen	-

Cantharides, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Cantharides may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Canvas. See Linen.

Capers, the lb.

Capita Papaverum, the 1,000	-	-

Caps ; viz.

Cotton, for every £100. of the Value Worsted, for every .£100. of the Value Cardamoms, the lb.	-

Cards ; viz. Playing Cards, the Dozen Packs -Cariophyllorum Cortex. See Cortex Cariophylloides. Oleum. See Oil of Cloves.

Carmenia Wool, as Goat Hair, in Hair.

Carmine, the oz.

Carpets; viz.

-----of Turkey, under Four Yards Square, the

Carpet

Carpet

48Geo.3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

every £100. of the Value Carrabe or Succinum, as Amber. Carraway Seeds. See Seeds. ----------------Oil	of. See Oil.

tenances, for every *£100. of the Value Carrot Seed. See Seed.

Carthamus Seed. See Seed.

Carui Oleum. See Oil of Carraway. Cashew Gum. See Gum.

-------Nuts. See Nuts.

Casks, empty, the Tun of 252 Gallons Content Cassia Buds, the lb.	-

■	Fistula,	the lb.

------Lignea,	the lb.	-	•

■■■ ■	Oil of.	See Oil.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. *. d.	£. s. j
1 14 0±  1 6 6 3 19 2  0 1 Ilf  0 3 2	0	14 4 0 11 2  1	13 4  0 1 4
0 0 n  0 3 6f	0 0 3 0 1 ®
85 10 0 59 7 6  0 1 Ilf  3 19 2	0 0 10
0 3 111	—
1 3 9	—
4 15 0	-
7 18 4	
59 7 6	-
59 7 6	2 0 0

1 3 9 0 1 7 0 0

* /

0 94

2

0 0 8 0 0 ! 0 » 0





A. D. 1814.

54® GEO. HI.

C. 129.

597

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
	£. s. d.	£. s. d.
Castor, the lb. -	Oil of. See Oil.	0 4 9	0 2 0
CatlingsorLutestrings,theGrossofTwelveDozea Knots Cat Skins. See Skins.  Caviare, the cvvt. -Cayenne Pepper. See Pepper-Chaises, as Carriages.  Chalk, for every «£ i00. of the Value Chariots, as Carriages.  Charts. See Maps.  Cheese, the cwt. -Chemical Oils. See Oil.  Cherries, the cwt. •  	 Dried, the lb.  Chesnuts. See Nuts.  Chimney Pieces of Marble or Stone, sculptured. See Stones.  China Root, imported directly from the Place of its	0 6 4 0 11 10i  31 13 4  0 4 4  0 13 5* 0 0 7	0 2 8
Growth, the lb.  ■ ■ ■ — not imported directly from the Place of	0 1	0 0 6
its Growth, the lb.  China Ware, Earthen Ware or Porcelain, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £ 100. of the Value Chip or Platting, or Hats or Bonnets thereof. See Hats. Platting.	0 2 4i 79 3 4	0 10
Cider, the Tun of 252 Gallons Cinders. See Coals.  Cinnabar. See Vermillion.	29 14 6	5 0 0
Cinnabarus Nativa, the lb. -Cinnamon; viz.  British Colony or Plantation in America,	0 1 Ilf	0 0 10
the lb.  	imported under Licence, the lb.  	 Oil of. See Oil.  Citron ; viz.	0 2 41  0 8 8±	0 3 8
Value -  Succades.  ■ — — Water. See Spirits.	59 7 6	25 0 0
Civet, the oz.  Clap Boards. See Boards, in Wood.  Clocks, for every j£100. of the Value Cloths, Woollen. See Woollen Cloths.  Clover Seed. See Seed.  Cloves ; viz.  Colony or Plantation in America, the lb.  ■ - imported under Licence, the lb,  by 	0 4 9  59 7 6  0 2 4)	0 2 0
	0 5 6)	[1 0 2 4

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Coaches. See Carriages.

Coals, Culm or Cinders, the Ton containing 20 cwt. Cobalt or Z a lire, for every M\0i). of the Value Cochineal, the lb.	-

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Cochineal may be secured iu Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo. 3. cap.32, and 50 Geo.3. cap.38..* ---------- Dust, the lb. -

Cocoa Nuts; viz.

------------- of	the	Growth	or Produce of any British

Colony or Plantation, the lb.

Foreign, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Cocoa Nuts may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See ’ 48 G.3. cap.32, and 50 G.3. cap.38.

Coculus lndicus, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

............- — not imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb.

Codilla of Flax, subject to Duty as Flax ; of which See Flax.

-------of Hemp, subject to Duty as Hemp ; for

w hich See Hemp.

Coffee, the Produce of any British Cplony or Plantation, the lb.

-------the Produce of any other Country or Place,

the lb.	-	-

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under w'hieh Coffee may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See the Irish Act 29 Geo. 3. cap. 5. ; and also the Acts 48 Geo. 3. cap.32, and 50 Geo.3. cap.38. Coffee of the Produce of any or either of the ' Islands of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guada-loupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, imported into Ireland, from and after 27 May 1814, maybe admitted to Entry until 5th April .1815, at the like Duty as is due and payable on Coffee of the British Plantations. See 54 Geo.3. *

Coin ; viz.	^

----- of Copper. See Copper.

-----Foreign, of Gold or Silver. See Bullion.

Cole Seed. See Seed.

Colocynth. See Coloquintida.

Colophonia. See Rozin.

*c.57.

£.	8.	d.

2 0 0

31 13	4

0	2	4





0 2

0 3	4|

0 2 4i — 0 4 9

Drawback.

£. s. d.

13	6	8

0 0 7f

0 2	4|

0 0 7f 0 2 4|

A.D.1814;

54° GEO. m.

C. 129.

599

1

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Coloquintida, or Colocynth, imported directly from  the Place of its Growth,	£. s. d.	£. 8. d.
the lb.  	 not imported directly from  the Place of its Growth,	0 1 7	0 0 8
the lb.  Colours for Painters. See Painters Colours.	0 3 2	0 1 4
Columbo Root, the lb. -Comfits, the lb.  Coney Skins. See Skins.  Wool. See Wool.  Confectio Alkermes. See Alkermes.  Contrayervae Lapis. See Lapis.  Contrayervae Radix. See Radix.  Cobaiba or Capivi Balsam. See Balsam.  Copal Gum. See Gum.  Copper ; viz.  	 Ore, the cwt. - -  	 Old, fit only to be remanufactured, the cwt.  	 In Plates and Copper Coin, the cwt.  	 Unwrought; viz. Copper in Bricks or Pigs,  Rose Copper, and all cast Copper, the cwt.  		— Part wrought; viz. Bars, Rods or Ingots,  hammered or raised, the cwt.  Additional on all Copper except old	0 1 7  0 2 4'  0 0 9| 0 9 ll| 0 15 0  0	9 11|  1	10 5£	0 0 8
Copper, the Ton of 20 cwt.  	Wire. See Wire.  	Manufactures of Copper, not otherwise enu-  merated or described, and Copper Plates engraved, for every .£100. of the Value Copperas ; viz.  	Blue, the cwt. ...  	Green, the cwt. -  	White, the cwt - -  Coral; viz.  -■ -« ■ • Beads. See Beads.	20 0 0  59 7 6  0 4 9 0 4 9 0 11 10£	20 0 0
	in Fragments, the lb.	0 0 Ilf	0 0 5
	Whole, polished, the lb.	0 11 W	0 5 0
- - unpolished, the lb.  Cordage, tarred or untarred, whether in use or otherwise (standing or running Rigging in use excepted), the cwt. - -Cordial Water. See Spirits.  Coriander Seed. See Seed.	0	5 6.t  1	1 4i	0 2 4
Cork, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.	0 7 11	0 3 4
— not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. -For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Cork may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.  Q *1 4  CjOO^	0 8 83  le	0 3 4

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
	£. s. d.	£. *. d.
Corks, ready made, the lb.  Corn —  Table, No. 1.  The following Duties are payable by St at. 44 Geo.3. cap. 109. on the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-meal or Flour, llye, Bariev, Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Peas, Beans, Indian Corn or Maize, except from the Province of Quebec and the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America ; viz.  	Wheat, when under 38 s. 8d. per Barrel, the	0 3 6f	
Barrel -- - - if 38 s. 8d. but under 40s. Gd. per	0 14 10	
Barrel, the Barrel - - - at or above 40 s. 6 d. per Barrel, the	0 1 6	
Barrel -  	Rye, Peas and Beans, when under 26s. 8d.	0 0 3	
per Barrel, the Barrel ----- if 26s. 8d. but under 28 s. per Barrel, the	0 14 0	
Barrel at or above 28 s. per	0 0 11	“““
Barrel, the Barrel 	Barley, Beer or Bigg, when under 18 s. per	0 0 1	
Barrel, the Barrel - - if 18s. but under 18s. lOd.	0 12 6	■
per Barrel, the Barrel ----- at or above 18s. lOd. per	0 0 8	
Barrel, the Barrel 	- Oats, when under 13 s. 6d. per Barrel, the	0 0 1	’ '
Barrel -- - - if 13 s. 6d. but under 14s. 2d. per Bar-	0 4 2	
rel, the Barrel - - -- — at or above 14s. 2d. per Barrel, the	O  O	
Barrel  Meal and Flour prohibited. See 47 Geo. 3. Sess. 2. cap. 16. §5.  	Indian Corn and Maize, when Barley is under	0 0 1	
18s. per Barrel, the Barrel  if 18s. but under 18s. I Od.	0 15 0	
per Barrel, the Barrel - - - r at or above 18s. lOd.	0 0 10	
per Barrel, the Barrel Table, No. 2.  The following Duties are payable by Stat. 44 Geo. 3. c. 109, on the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Peas, Beans, Indian Corn or Maize, from the Province of	0 0 2	



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. i.	£. t. d.
0 14 10	
0 1 6	—
0 0 3	—
0 14 0	—
0 0 11	—
0 0 1	—
0 12 6	—
0 0 8	—
0 0 1	—
0 4 2	—
0 0 7	
0 0 1	■
0 15 0	—
0 0 10	—
0 0 2	—
0 0 7	0 0 3
0 1 113	0 0 10
0 0 9!	0 0 4
0 19 9|	0 8 4
1 7 8*	0 118
0 0 4$	0 0 2

Com—continued.

Quebec, and the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America ; viz.

—	- Wheat, when under 32 s. 7d. per Barrel, the

Barrel -

-	-	-	if	32	s.	7d.	but	under 34s. 4d. per

Barrel, the Barrel

-	-	-	at	or	above	34	s.	4d.	per Barrel, the

Barrel	-	-

------Rye, Peas and Beans, when under 22s. 3d.

per Barrel, the Barrel	-	-

-----	-	if	22s.	3d. but under

23s. 6 d. per Barrel, the Barrel

-----	-	at	or	above 23 s. 6d. per

Barrel, the Barrel —- ■ ■■ Barley, Beer or Bigg, when under 14 s. 9 d. per Barrel, the Barrel ------ if 14 s. 9 d. but under

16‘s. per Barrel, the Barrel

-	-	-	-	-	-	at	or	above	16	s.	per

Barrel, the Barrel -

—	■ Oats, when under 10s. lid. per Barrel, the

Barrel	-	...

-	-	if	10s.	lid.	but	under	11s.	7d.	per

Barrel, the Barrel

- at or above 11s. 7d. per Barrel, the Barrel-Meal and Flour prohibited. See 47 Geo. 3. Sess. 2. cap. 16. §5.

----Indian Corn and Maize, when Barley is under

14	s. 9 d. per Barrel, the Barrel ----- if 14 s. 9 d. but under 16s. per Barrel, the Barrel

-	-	-	-	-	-	at	or	above	16s.	per

Barrel, the Barrel -

An additional Duty of £25. for every j£100. of the aforesaid Rates of Duty in Table No. I. and No. 2, is to be paid on all Foreign Corn imported.

----Powder. See Gunpowder.

Cornu Cervi Calcinatum, the lb.

Cortex Angustune, the lb.

—	Cariophylloides, the lb.

—	Eleutherise, the cwt.

—	Guaiaci, the cwt.

•— Limonum or Aurentiorum, or Lemon or Orange Peel, the lb*

uooQle

C. 129,

540 GEO. III..

A.D.1814.

<Soa

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Cortex Peruvianus or Jesuits Bark, the lb. - (	£. t. d.' 0 1 Ilf	£. s. d, 0 0 10
For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions		
under which Jesuits Bark may be secured.in		
Warehouses without Payment of Duty,;. Sec		
48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.	-	
	 Simarouba, the lb. - •	0 0 11|	0 0 5
	 Winteranus, the lb. -	007	0 0 3
	 not otherwise enumerated or described, for		
every .£100. of the Value	59 7 6	25 0 0
Costus, the lb.	0 0 11	0 0 5
Cotton and Cotton Manufactures. See Thread. Wool		
Yarn.		
! Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or		
described, for every £ 100. of the Value	85 10 0	
Cow or Ox Hair. See Hair.		
	 Hides. See Hides.		
	 Tails. See Tails.	. T	
Cowage or Cowitch, the Ux - ..	0 1 2}	0 0 6
Cranberries, the Gallon -	0 1 2	
Crapes. See Silk, wrought.		
Crayons, for every <£100. of the Value	59 7 6	25 0 0
Cream of Tartar, the cwt.	0 15 10*	
Crout , viz. Sour Crout, for every .£100. of the Value -	31 13 4		
Crystal ; viz, . .		
	 Beads. See Beads.		
	 rough, for every £*100. of the Value ‘	31 13 4	13 6 8
	 cut, or in any way manufactured, for every		
£"100. of the Value - -	59 7 :6	25 0 0
Cubebs, the lb, - -	0 “0 9\	0 0 4
Cucumbers; viz.	; > *	
■ ■ ■■ ' pickled, the Gallon	0 '2 41	
			 preserved in Salt and Water, for every		
£100. of the Value	59 7 6	_
Culm, as Coals.		
Cummin Seed. See Seed.		
Currants; viz.	-	
	 imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. -	2 4 4	0 18 8
. 		 not imported in a British-built Ship,the cwt;	2 7 6	0 18 8
For the Conditions, Regulations and Restric-		
tions, under which Currants may be secured		
in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See		
48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.		--
Cuttle Bones, the 1,000 -	0 12 3|	0 5 2
Cyperus, the cwt. -	0 15 10	0 6 8
D.		
Damask Tabling. )S,eLinen. 	 Napkimng.J		
Dates, the cwt. 1 j -	4 10 3	1 18 0



g(F'"*}s*Woo<l.

Deer Skins. See Skins.

Denia Raisins. See Raisins.

Derelict Goods. See Flotsam.

Diagrydum. See Scammony.

Diamonds, Duty-free.

Diaper, Tabling or Napkining. See Linen.

Dice, the Pair Dittany, the lb. -

Dog Skins. 1 £ee Skins.

Dog tish fckins. J Dog Stones. See Stones.

Down, imported in a British-built Ship, the lb.

not imported in a British-built Ship, the lb.

Drawings, coloured, each plain, each

Dressing Boxes. See Boxes.

Drillings. See Linen.

Drugs, on which specific Duties are payable according to the Quantity. See the several Articles in Alphabetical Course.

-----not particularly enumerated 'or described, or

otherwise charged with Duty, for every .£100. of the Value	-	-

Duck. See Sail Cloth, in Linen.

Dust, perfumed. See Hair Powder.

E.

EarthenWare, not otherwise enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every j£100. of the Value

East India Goods. See Act of this Session*, to grant certain Duties and Drawbacks on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Ireland from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and to establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported.

Ebony. See Wood.

Eels, the Ship’s Lading -	-

Eggs, the Hundred containing Six Score Elastic Bottles or Burrachas. See India Rubbers. Elbing Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen.

Eleborus. See Helebore.

Elemi Gum. See Gum.

# c. 103.

1	6	1
0	0	Hi
0	1	n
0	1	H
0	3	2
0	1	7

59 7 6

79 3 4

13 1 3

0 0 9i

603

Drawback. £. s. d.

0 0 5

0 0 6 0 0 6

25 0 0

LjOoq le

C. 129.

54° GEO. III.

A.D.18x4.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
	£. s. d.	£. s. d.
Elephants Teeth, the cwt. - -	3 19 2	1 13 4
For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Elephants Teeth may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Eleutheriae Cortex. See Cortex.  Elk Hair. See Hair.  	Skins. See Skins.  Emeralds. See Jewels.  Emery Stones. See Stones.  Enamel, the lb. - -	0 7 H	•  0 3 0
Em,1* Campanas Radix. 1 g Enngn Radix. j Ermine Skins. See Skins.  Essence ; viz.  	— of Bergamot, the lb.  	 of Lemon, the lb.  	 of Spruce, for every .£100. of the Value  - - - of the Produce of, and imported from, any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, for every £100. of the Value -	0 4 41 0 4 4^ 31 13 4  15 16 8	0 1 10 0 1 10 13 6 8  6 13 4
	 not otherwise enumerated or described, for  every ^ 100. of the Value	59 7 6	25 0 0
Estrich Feathers. See Ostrich Feathers, in Feathers.  	Wool. See Ostrich Wool, in Wool.  Euphorbium, the lb.	0 0 7	0 0 3
R  Fan Mounts, of Leather, for every <£100. of the Value -Faro Raisins. See Raisins.  Feather Beds. See Feathers for Beds.  Note.—The Duty on Feather Beds is payable according to the Quantity of Feathers contained therein.  Feathers; viz.  the cwt. - -	142 10 0 4 8 8	1 17 4
- - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.	4 15 0	1 17 4
For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Feathers for Beds may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.  - - - - • - undressed, the lb.	2 15 5 0 15 10	1 3 4 0 6 8
	59 7 6	25 0 0



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Feathers ; not otherwise enumerated or described, for every <£100. of the Value Fechia Ashes, as Ashes.

Fennel Seed. See Seed.

Fenugreek Seed. See Seed.

Fiddles for Children. See Toys.

Figs, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

----- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. -

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Figs may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Filtering Stones. See Stones.

Fir Quarters, ■'j

—	Timber. >£ee Wood.

Fire Wood. J

Fish ; viz.

—	Fresh Fish, of British or Irish taking and imported in British or Irish-built Ships or Vessels, Duty-free.

— cured Fish, of British or Irish taking and curing, Duty-free.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which any such Fish may be imported into Ireland Duty-free; See 45 Geo. 3. cap. 18. §20, 21.

Fisher Skins. See Skins.

Fishing Nets, Old. See Rags.

Fish Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

Fitches Skins. See Skins.

Flag Brooms. See Brooms.

Flannel, the Yard	*

Flasks. See Bottles.

Flax ; viz.	1

—	dressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the

cwt.	-	-

-	not imported in a British-built Ship, the

cwt.	-	-

-----rough or undressed, imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.	-

-	-	-	not	imported in a British-

built Ship, the cwt.

Flax Seed. See Linseed, in Seed.

Flint Stones for Potters. See Stones.

Flocks, the cwt.	-	-	-

Flotsam.—Foreign Liquors and Tobacco Flotsam, Jetsam, Lagan or Derelict, pay Duty as if regularly imported. See the Act 54 Geo. 3.*

« c. 81. §20, 21.

Duty.

£. s. d.

59 7	6

Drawback.

4

11

0	1	7
10	14	H
11	3	3
0	0	4|
0	0	7
0	19	0

£. s. d.

25 0 0

0 ft 0 0 9 0

0 8 0



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Flour. See Corn.

Flower Roots, Trees or Plants, for every .€100. of the Value	-	-	-	,	.	-

Flowers, artificial, not made of Silk, for every .£100.

of the Value	-

Forest Seed. See Seed.	’	*

Fossils, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every <£100. of the Value	*	*	*	-

Fowls, as Provisions.

Fox Skins. \ — Tails, f

See Skins.

Frames for Pictures, Prints or Drawings, for every .£100. of the Value -Frankincense, the cvvt.

French Beans. See Beans.

Frosting. See Orscdew.

Fruit, artificial, for every .£100. of the Value Furriers Waste, for every .£100. of the Value Furs. See Skins.

Furze Seed. See Seed.

Fustic. See Wood.

G.

Galanga, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

----------not	imported	directly	from	the	Place	of	its

Growth, the lb.	-

Galbanum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

-----------not	imported	directly	from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.	-

Galley Tiles. See Tiles.

Galls, theewt.	-	-	-

Gamboge, the lb.	-

Garden Seed. See Seed.

Garnets ; viz.

----------cut,	the lb.

---------— rough, the lb.

Gauze of Thread, for every ,£100. of the Value Geldings. See Horses.

Gem Sal. See Sal.

Geneva. See Spirits.

Gentian, the lb.	-	-

Ginger; tiz.

-------.the Produce of the British Plantations, Colonies

or Settlements in Africa or America, the Cwt.

-------not the Produce of the British Plantations,

the cwt.

Duty.	Drawback.
£• s. d.	£. *. d.
31 13 4	13 6 8
59 7 6	—
31 13 4	13 6 8
59 7 6	
1 2 2	0 9 4
59 7 6	
59 7 6	
0 0 4J	0 0 2
0 0 91	0 0 4
0 1 2$	0 0 6
0 2 4$	0 1 0
0 11 1	—
0 1 7	0 0 8
1 7 8*	0 11 8
0 9 6'	6 4 0
63 6 8	
O  O  »£k.  •M-*	0 0 2
1 2 ni	0 9®  . O 1
2 13 0	1 2 «

vjOOQlC

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Ginger ma) be secured in Warehouses without Payment ofiDuty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50. Geo 3: cap. 38.

-------preserved, the lb.

Ginseng, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations4and Restrictions, under which Ginseng may be; secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Glass; viz.

-----Bottles. See Bottles.

-----broken, fit only to be remanufactured, the cwt. -

---- rough Plate Glass, and ground or polished Plate

or Crown Glass, for every' <£100. of the Value ------- and besides, for every Foot

Superficial Measure

---- German Sheet Glass, for every .£'100. of the

Value	-	-	-

------- and besides, for every Foot

Superficial Measure ------- Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every .£100. of the Value \ Glovers Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the cwt. -Glue, the cwt.	-	-	-

Goat Hair. See Hair.

—-—Skins. See Skins.

-----Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair.

Gold Coin. See Bullion.

-—-— Plate. See Plate.

Goose Quills. See Quills.	..	.

Grain. See Corn.

0 3 2 0 1 4|

0	3	2
114	0	0
0	3	H
114	0	0
0	1	3
114	0	0
0	4	9
0	11	101

0 0 7

Grains ; viz.

------- Guinea Grains, the lb„	-

------- of Paradise, the lb.

Gran ilia, the lb.

Grapes, for every £*100. of the Value

------- Rape of. See Rape of Grapes.

GraveStones. See Stones.

Grease, the cwt.	-

Groceries, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £100. of the Value Greaves for Dogs, the cwt.

Grogram Yam. See Yam.

Guaiacum Cortex. See Cortex.

----------Gum. See Gum.

Guernsey, Island of.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Goods, Wares and Merchandize

0 0 n

0	1	ll|

0 0 94

59 7 6

0 1 7

31 13 4 0 J Ilf

0 0 4

0 0 10

13	6	8

0 0 10

CjOOQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

£.

Duty.

s.

of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark or Alderney (Salt excepted), may be imported from those Islands by the Inhabitants thereof without Payment of any Duty, except such Excise or other Duty as shall be payable for the like Goods of the Growth, Production and Manufacture of Great Britain ; See 45 Geo. 3. cap. 18. § 18.

But Foreign Goods having been lawfully imported into the said Islands, and Foreign Goods and Commodities in Part or fully manufactured in either of them, or any Salt whatever imported into Ireland from any of the said Islands, shall not be exempt from Payment of all such Customs, Duties and Impositions, as are payable for the like Goods when imported from any Foreign Nation or Country of which they are the Growth, Product or Manufacture; See 45 Geo. 3. cap. 18. § 19.

Guinea Grains. See Grains.

— — Pepper. See Pepper.

-------Wood. See Red Wood, in Wood.

Drawback.

d.

£.

t. d.

Gum; viz.

■	--Ammoniacus, imported directly from the Place

of its Growth, the lb.

-	-	-	-	-	not	imported	directly	from	the

Place of its Growth, the lb.

—	Animi, the lb.

■	--Arabic, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Gum Arabic may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

—— Cake Lac. See Lac, in Gum.

-	— Cashew, the cwt.	-

—- Copal, the lb.	-

----	Elemi, the lb.	-	-

----	Guaiacum, the lb.

----	Juniper. See Gum Sandrake.

■	■ ■■■ ■	Lac ; viz.

-	- Cake Lac, the lb. -	-

-	-	Shellack,	or	Seed	Lac,	the	lb.

-	- Stick Lac, the cwt.

■	— - Opoponax, imported directly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

• - -	-	not	imported	directly	from	the	Place

of its Growth, the lb.

— Sagapenum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.	-	-

10

0 1 2

0 2 4i 0 0

0 11 10?

0 0 6 0 1 0

0 0 4

0	7	u
0	1	7
0	0	7
0	1	n
0	0	4*
0	0	7
0	7	n
0	3	61
0	7	H
0	0	9k

0 0 8 0 0 3 0 0 9

0 1 6 0 3 0 0 0 4

v^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.	Drawback
£. t. d.	£. s. d.
0 1 7	0 0 8
0 19 0	0 8 0
O  O  O	0 0 4
0 1 7	0 0 8
011 lOg	
1 13 3	
0 I Il|	0 0 10
‘*>1 +  O  O	0 0 5
o 1 11*	0 0 10
59 7 6	25 0 0
3 12 10	1 10 8
2 5 11	0 19 4
1 11 8	—
0 1 2£	—
0 1 7	
0 18 2-J	—
0 18 21	—
0 0	—
31 13 4	_
0 4 9	—
31 13 4		
9 14 9	—
13 12 4	

Gum Sagapenum, not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

—	Sandrake or Juniper, the cwt.

----Sarcocolla, imported directly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb. -

-	-	-	-	not	imported	directly	from	the	Place

of its Growth, the lb.

Seed Lac. See Lac, in Gum.

----Senega, the cwt.

-	-	- imported from Europe in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Gum Senega may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

—	StickLac.} SeeLac>in Gum-

----Tacamahaka, the lb.

----Tragacanth, imported directly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.	-

-	-	not	imported	directly	from	the	Place

of its Growth, the lb.

—	not particularly enumerated or described, or

otherwise charged with Duty, for every £100. of the Value	...

Gunpowder; viz.

Compowder, the cwt.

Serpentine Powder, the cwt.

Gutting Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen.

Gypsum, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

------- the	Produce of and imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

H.

Hair; viz.

—	Camel, the lb.

—	Cow, Ox or Bull, the cwt.

—	Elk, the cwt.	-	-

----Goat, or Turkey Goat’s Wool, the lb.

----Hats made of. See Hats.

—	Horse, for every j€100. of the Value —. Human, the lb.

—	not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

.£100. of the Value Hair Powder, the cwt.	-

-------------- perfumed	or	perfumed	Dust,	the	cwt.

Hams. See Bacon.

Hand Baskets. Sea Baskets.

54 Geo. 111.	R	r



54° GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
11 and scoops, the Dozen -	£. s. d.  0 1 113	£. s. d.
Handspikes. See Wood.  Hard Wax. See Wax.  Hare Skins. See Skins.  		Wool. Set Wool.  Harp Strings, the Gross, containing Twelve Dozen Knots -	0 6 4	0 2 S
Hai ls’ Horns. See Horns.  Hats ; viz.  -	 Bast, Cane, Chip or Horse Hair Hats or Bonnets  each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen	0 10 8i	
- each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen	1 1 4i	
	 Straw Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet  not exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen	3 8 1	
- each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen	6 16 2	
For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Chip or Straw Hats may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.  	 made of or mixed with Felt, Hair, Wool or  Beaver, the Hat -	1 14 0£	
Hay, the Load containing 36 Trusses, each Truss being 56 Pounds -	1 2 11$		.
Head Matter. See Train Oil, in Oil.  Heath for Brushes, the cwt. - -	0 9 H	_
Helebore or Eleborus, the lb.	0 0 4|	0 0 2
Hemp; viz.  > — - dressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. - - - -	4 15 0	
- - not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. - -	4 19 9	—
■ ■■■ ■■ rough, or undressed, or any other Vegetable Substance of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the same Purposes, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. ...	0 9 1	0 3 10
- - - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.	0 10 3	0 3 10
• the Produce of the British Plantations in America, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.  For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Hemp, undressed, may be secured	0 7 11	0 6 2





A.D.i8i4*	54°	GEO-	III.	C.129.	611

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Hemp — continued.  in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. — ■ Seed. See Seed.  	 Seed Oil. See Oil.	■£. sd.	s. d.
Hermodactyl, the lb. ... Hesse ns Canvas. See Canvas, in Linens.  Hides ; viz.  	 Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox, in the Hair, not  tanned, tawed, curried or in any way dressed,	0 0 £>i	0 0 4
imported in a British-built Ship, the Hide -- - not imported in a British-built	0 0	—
Ship, the Hide - - tanned and not otherwise dressed,	0 2 4£	—
the lb. - -- - imported from any British Colony or Settlement in Africa, not being tanned, tawed, curried or	0 0 Ilf	
in any way dressed, the Hide - - Tails. See Tails.  	 Elk. See Skins.  	 Horse, Mare or Gelding, in the Hair, not  tanned, tawed, curried or in any way dressed; viz.  - - - - imported in a British-built Ship,	0 0 4|	
the Hide  - - not imported in a British-built	0 0 9j	—
Ship, the Hide ■■■■■■ ■ — ■ — tanned and not otherwise	0 2 4{	
dressed, the lb.	0 0 Ilf	—
	 Losh, the lb. - ■ -	0 1 7	
	Muscovy or Russia, tanned or coloured, the lb.  ■ ■ or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not par-ticularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America, for	0 1 7	
every ^100. of the Value  		or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not par-  ticularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every «£100. of	5 17 2	
the Value -	31 13 4	—
	 or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed, curried or  in any way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with		
Duty, for every .£100. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Hides may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.  R r 2	142 10 0	



C. 129.

540 GEO. III.

A.D.1814

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback	
Hogslard. See Lard.  Holland, Linen of. See Linen.	£. ». d.	£. s. d	
Hones, the Hundred of Five Score	1 2 111	,098	1
Honev, thecwt. -	0 15 0i	. —	
Hoofs of Caltle, for every .£100. of the Value Hoops ; viz.  	 of Iron, the cwt. -  	of Wood, the 1,000 -	31 13 4  1 3 9 0 14 3	—	1
Hops, the cwt. -  For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Foreign Hops may be warehoused for Exportation, or vended in Ireland, when the Middle Price of British Hops exceeds £9. the cwt. ; See 46 Geo. 3. cap. 87. § 64.  Horns; viz.  	 Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox, the Hundred of	8 11 0		
Five Score  		 Hart or Stag, the Hundred of Five Score -  	 not otherwise enumerated or described, for	0	5 61  1	1 4'	0 2 4 0 9 0	j  1
every £100. of the Value -	31 13 4	13 6 8	i
Horn Tips, the Hundred containing Five Score Horse Hair. See Hair.  ■ Hats or Bonnets. See Hats. 	 Hides. See Hides.	0 1 Ilf	0 0 10	l  1  1
Horses, Mares or Geldings, each Human Hair. See Hair.  Hungary Water. See Spirits.  Husks or Knubs of Silk. See Silk Knubs, in Silk. Husse Skins. See Skins.	6 13 0		
J.  Jalap, the lb. - - -  For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Jalap may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.  Jamaica Wood. See Brazilletto, in Wood.  Japonica Terra. See Terra.  Jersey, Island of. See Guernsey.  Jessamine Oil. See Oil.  Jesuits* Bark. See Cortex Peruvianus.	0 1	0 0 9	
Jet, the lb.  	Beads. See Beads.  Jetsam, Goods Jetsam. See Flotsam. * Jewels; viz. Pearls, Emeralds, Rubies and all other Precious Stones and Jewels (except Dia-	0 1 Ilf	0 010	
I monds), for every £100. of the Value I Incense. See OUbanum.	15 16 8		
(India Rubbers, orBurrachas, the lb.	0 0 4f	p 0 2	

u



I

A.D.i8i4* 54° GEO. III.	C. 129.	613
SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Indian Corn or Maize. See Corn.	£• s. d.	£. $. d.
Indigo, the lb. -  For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Indigo may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50Geo.3. cap.38.	0  0	
Ink for Printers, the cwt. -Inkle ; viz.	1 0 7	0 8 8
	 unwrought, the lb.	0 0 91	—
	 wrought, the lb.  Ipecacuanha Radix. See Radix.  Iris, or Orris Root. See Orris Root.  Iron ; viz.  	 in Bars; or unwrought,  - - the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, and imported from thence, the Ton, containing	0 5 i|	
20 cwt. -- - the Produce of any other Country,  - - - imported in a British-built Ship, the Ton, containing	122	
20 cwt. -- - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Ton, containing	6 9 10	
20 cwt. -For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Iron in Bars may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo.3. cap.32., and 50 Geo.3. cap.38.  	 slit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn  or hammered less than £ of an inch square,  - - - - imported in a British-built Ship, the	7 18 4	
cwt. -  - - - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.	0	19 9  1	1 4	
	 Cast, for evenr <£100. of the Value  —	Hoops. See Hoops.  —	old broken, and old Cast Iron, the Ton, con-	31 13 4	-
taining 20 cwt. -	0 17 5	—
	 Ore, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.	0 8 81	—
	Pig Iron, the Ton, containing 20 cxn.  - the Produgp.^, and imported from the British Plantations in America, the	0 17 5	
Ton, containing, 20 cwt. —-— Wire. See Wire.	0 7 11	—*
Isinglass, the cwt. ...	2 7 6	
tisk Plantations in America, the cwt.  » Rr 3   CjOO^l*	0 1$ 10  ->	

614	C.	129.	540GEO.HI*	A.D.1814*

SCHEDULE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
	£. *. d.	£. s. 1
Juice of Lemons, Limes or Oranges, the Gallon Juniper Berries. See Berries.  	 Gum. See Gum Sandrake.  	 Oil. See Oil.  Junk, Old. See Rags, old.	0 1 2	0 0 6
Ivory, the lb.  K.	0 5 If	
Kelp, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.	0 13 5|	0 5 8
	 not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. -  For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Kelp may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 18 Geo. 3. cap.32., and 50 Geo.3. cap.38.  Kidney Beans. See Beans.  Kid Skins. See Skins.  Kits of Wood. See Pails.  Knees of Oak. See Wood.  Knubs of Silk. See Silk Knubs, in Silk.  L.  Lac. See Lac, in Gum.  Lace ; viz.	0 14 3	0 5 8
	 Silk Lace, for every .£100. of the Value  	 Thread Lace ; viz.  - under 5s. the Yard in Value, the	39 11 8	
Yard - -- of 5s. and under 10s. the Yard in	0 2 4±	-—
Value, the Yard - - - - of 10s. and under 15s. the Yard in	0 3 lli	—
Value, the Yard - - - • of 15s. and under 20s. the Yard in	0 4 9	-
Value, the Yard - - - - of 20s. and under 25s. the Yard in	00  O	
Value, the Yard - - - - of 25 s. the Yrard or upwards, in Value, for every .£100. of the	0 7 3|	
Value -Lagan, Goods Lagan. See Flotsam.  Lamb Skins. See Skins.  	 Slink. Sec Skins.  	 Wool. See Wool. ^	39 11 8	
Lamp Black, the cwt. -Lapis ; viz.	3 6 6	1 8 0
	Caliminaris, the cwt.  	Contrayervte, the oz.  	Lazuli, the lb. -	0 7 11  0 1 llj 0 3 2	0 010  0 1  _ A O
	Tutise, the lb.	0 0 7	0 0 J

vJiOOQlC

I

A.D. 1814

S4« GEO. Ill,

C. 129,

61$

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Lard, the cwt. .... Lathwood. See Wood.  Latten; viz.  	 Black, the cwt.  	 Shaven, the cwt. -  	 Wire. See Wire.	.£. s. d.  0	7 11  1	7 Si  2	9 1()I	£. $. d.  0 118 1 1 0
Lavender Flowers, the lb.  	Water. See Spirits.  Lawns. See Linen.  Lazuli Lapis. See Lapis.  Lead; viz.	0 0	0 0 4
—- Black, the cwt. -	I-4C  CO  0	0 1 8
	 Ore, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.  	Pig, for every j£100. of the Value	1 15 31 13 4	0 15 0
	Red, the cwt. -	0 7	0 3 6
	White, the cwt. -  Leaf Metal. See Metal.  Leather, any Article made of Leather, or any Manufacture whereof Leather is the most valuable Part, net otherwise enumerated or described, for every .£100. of the Value -	0 10 31  142 10 0	0 4 4
Leaves of Gold, the 100 Leaves	0 2 8	0 1 2
	 of Roses or Violets, the lb. - •	0 0 9*	0 0 4
Lemons, imported in a British-built Ship, the 1,000 	 not imported in a British-built Ship, the	0 19 4|	0 8 2
1,000  	 Essence of. See Essence.  	 Juice of. See Juice.  	 Peel of. See Coitex.  	 Pickled, the Tun of 252 Gallons	1 0 7 3 12 10	0 8 2 1 10 8
Lentiles, the Bushel -Leopard Skins. See Skins.  Lexia Raisins. See Raisins.  Lignum Quassiae, the cwt. -  	Rhodium. See Rose Wood, in Wood.  f	Vitae. See Wood.  Limestone. See Stone.  Limes, Juice of. See Juice.  Limonum Cortex. See Cortex.  — — Sal. See Sal.  Linen, Plain ; viz.  ■■■■ - Canibricks and Lawns, prohibited; See 45 Geo. 3. c. 18. §9.  	 Canvas ; viz.  - - Hessen Canvas, or Dutch Barras, imported in a British-built Ship, the	0 0 94  8 17 4	
120 Ells - -* - - not imported in a British-built Ship,	3 4	12 4
the! 20 Ells  R r 4	3 7 1	1 2 4



SCHEDULE (A.)-INWARDS.

Linen — continued.

-	-	Packing	Canvas,	Guttings, Spruce Elbing

or Queensborough Canvas,

-	-	-	imported in a British-built Ship, the

120 Ells

-	-	-	not imported in a British-built Ship,

the 120 Ells

—	Damask Tabling, of the Manufacture of Holland ; viz.

-	-	-	not exceeding 1 Ell \ in Breadth, the

Yard

-	-	-	exceeding 1 Ell*, and under 2 Ells in

Breadth, the Yard

-	-	-	of the Breadth of 2 Ells, and under

3 Ells in Breadth, the Yard

-	-	-	of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards,

the Yard

--- Damask Tabling, of the Manufacture of Silesia,

or of any other Place, not otherwise enume rated or described, the Square Yard

---- Damask Towelling and Napkining, of the

Manufacture of Holland, the Yard —— Damask Towelling and Napkining, of the Manufacture of Silesia, or of any other Place, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Yard

---- Diaper Tabling, of the Manufacture of Holland ; viz.

-	-	- not exceeding 1 Ell * in Breadth, the

Yard

-	-	- exceeding 1 Ell * and under 2 Elis in

Breadth, the Yard

-	-	- of the Breadth of 2 Elis and under

3 Ells in Breadth, the Yard

-	- - of the Breadth of 3 EUs or upwards, the Yard -

-----Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture of Silesia,

or of any other Place, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Yard

----- Diaper Towelling and Napkiaing, of the

Manufacture of Holland, the Yard

----- Diaper Towelling and Napkining, of the

Manufacture of Silesia, or of any other Place, not otherwise enumerated or de-cribed, the Yard

—	— Drillings and Packduck ; viz.

-	- - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

Duty.

Drawback.

£. s. d.

23 n

£. 8. d.

0 15 0

2 5 01	0 15 0
0 11 11|	0 4 2
0 13 10	0 4 10
0 15 9	0 5 6
1 3 0	0 8 0
0 2 10|	0 1 0
0 4 11	0 1 8
0 1 51	0 0 6
0 6 2|	: 0 2 2
0 7 2|	0 2 6
0 7 8	0 2 8
0 11 Oj	0 3 16
0 3 4j	0 1 2
0 2 4i	l 0 0 10
0 1 5|	0 0 6
5 10	1 18 4



54° CEO. III.

C.129.

)

A.D.1814.

617

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Linen — continued.  - - - not imported in a British-built Ship,	£. *. d.	£. 1. d.
the 120 Ells  	 Flanders Linen, and Linen of the Manufacture of Holland, plain, not otherwise enumerated or described ; viz.	5 15 0	1 18 4
-	- - notexceeding 1 Ell* in Breadth, the Ell  -	- - exceeding 1 Ell \ in Breadth, and	0 3 4$	0 1 2
under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Ell - - - of the Breadth of 2 Ells, and under	0 3 10	0 1 4
3 Ells in Breadth, the Ell - - - of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards,	0 4 3$	0 1 6
the Ell -  	German, Switzerland, East Country (except  Russia), and Silesia Cloth, plain ; rir.  - - - not exceeding 31 - Inches in Breadth, - - - imported in a British-built	0 6 2$	0 2 2
Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British-	3 10 5$	1 4 6
built Ship, the 120 Ells -- - - exceeding 31^ Inches, and not exceed-ing36 Inches in Breadth,  - - - imported in a British-built	3 12 10	1 4 6
Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British-	O  OO  N	2 11 8
built Ship, the 120 Ells -- - - exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,  - - - imported in a British-built	7 13 4	2 11 8
Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British-	<©  CO	3 19 6
built Ship, the 120 Ells -  	 Hinderlands, brown, under 22£ Inches in  Breadth,  - - - imported in a British-built	11 15 9	3 19 6
Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British-built	2 0 3	0 14 0
Ship, the 120 Ells  		 Lawns, prohibited. See 45 Geo.3. c. 18. §9.  —	 Packcluck. See Drillings, in Linen.  	 Russia Linen, plain ; viz.  - Towelling and Napkining, of theManu-facture of Russia, not exceeding22£ Inches in Breadth, - - - imported in a British-built	2 2 2	0 14 0
Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British-	1 17 10$	0 13 2
built Ship, the 120 Ells  	Russia Linen, not otherwise enumerated or  described,  not exceeding 22| Inches in Breadth,   VjOOQ	2 1 0 J  ;le	0 13 2

C. 129.

S4° geo.

A.D.I81V

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Linen—continued.  - - - imported in a British-built	£. *. d.	£. d.
Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British-	1 18 9|	0 13 6
built Ship, the 120 Ells - - exceeding 22^ Inches, and not exceeding 31^ Inches in Breadth,  - - - imported in a British-built	2 0	0 13 6
Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British-	3 1 9|	116
built Ship, the 120 Ells - - - exceeding 3l£ Inches, and not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,  - - - imported in a British-built	3 4 2j	116
Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British-built	4 12 0	1 12 0
Ship, the 120 Ells - - - exceeding 36 Inches, and not exceeding 45 Inches in Breadth,  - - - imported in a British-built	4 15 10	1 12 0
Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a Britisli-built	8 6 3|	2 17 10
Ship, the 120 Ells - - - exceeding 45 Inches in Breadth,  - - - imported in a British-built	8 9 7J	2 17 10
Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British-built	11 10 0	4 0 0
Ship, the 120 Ells - ■ ■ Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck ; viz.  - - - not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, - - - imported in a British-built	11 18 7\	4 0 0
Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in aBritish-built	5 7 4	
Ship, the 120 Ells ( - - - exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,  - - - imported in a British-built	5 13 1	
Ship, the 120 Ells - - - not imported in a British-built	8 19 ' 2i	—
Ship, the 120 Ells	9 6 10±	—
	 Sails, for every *£100. of the Value  	 not being chequered or striped, or not being  printed, painted, stained or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the Manufacture, and not being otherwise enumerated or described, for	104 9 2	
every .£100. of the Value  	 Chequered or striped, or printed, painted,  stained or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yam before the Ma-	76 13 4  '	26 13 4

v^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Drawback.

Linen—continued.

nufacture, not being prohibited to be imported into, or worn, or used in Ireland, and not being otherwise enumerated or described, for every .£100. of the Value German and Russia Linen, chequered or striped, the Thread or Yarn of which the same is made being coloured, stained or dyed before the Manufacture, exported to any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West Indies, in which Description the Bahama Islands and the Bermuda or Somers Islands are ineluded, for every .£100. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Linen plain of all Sorts (except Sail Cloth) may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38: And for the Duty on the Export of such Linen from Warehouse, See Schedule Outwards.

Yarn. See Yam.

.Linn Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

Linseed. See Seed.

---------Cakes, the cwt.	-

---------Oil. See Oil.

Lion Skins. See Skins.

Lipari Raisins. See Raisins.

Liquorice ; viz.

—----------Juice, or Ball. See Succus Liquorili*.

-----------Powder, the cwt. -	-	-

Root, the cwt.	-

Litharge; viz.

-----------of	Gold,	the	cwt.

of Silver, the cwt.

Litmus, the cwt.

Lobsters

Logwood. See Wood.

Long Pepper. See Pepper,

Losh Hides. See Hides.

Lucem Seed. See Seed.

Lupines, the cwt.

Lutestrings. See Catlings.

M.

Mace ; viz.

■	the Produce of, and imported from any British

Colony or Plantation in America, the lb.

£. s. d.

172 10 0

£. s. d.

117 10 0

0 1 7

5	9	3

3 3	4

0 I 11*

0 1 7

0 3 m Free.

0 4 9

2 6 0

1 6 8

0 0 10 0 0 8

0 2 0

0 7 l£l -





6zo

C. 129.

540 GEO. III.

AJXi8i4‘

SCHEDULE (A.)—-INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Mace—con tin u ed	£. t. d.	£. s. d.
- — ■ imported under Licence, the lb. *•  	- Oil of. See Oil.  Madder of all Sorts,  	 for every j£100. of the true and real Value  thereof - -  	Madder Roots, unmanufactured, i n ported  from any Country or Place before 5th January 1816 Mahogany. See Wood.  Maize. See Corn.  Mangrove Bark. See Bark.	0 9 U  5 0 0 Free.	0 3 10
Manna, the lb. - -  For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Manna may be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty; iSee48Geo.3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.  Maps and Charts, the Piece -Marble. See Stones;  Marbles for Children. See Toys.  Mares. See Horses.  	Hides. See Hides.  Marjoram, Oil of. See Oil.  Marmalade, the lb. -Martin Skins. See Skins.  	Tails. See Tails.  Mastich; viz.  - — Red, imported directly from the Place of its	0 1 2$ 0 1 24  0 1 24	0 0 6
Growth, the lb. -1—i not imported directly from the Place of its	O  O  CO	0 0 4
Growth, the lb.  "■■■■*■ - of any other Sort, imported directly from the	0 I 7	0 0 8
Place of its Growth, the lb.  	 not imported directly from the Place of its	0 1 2$	0 0 6
Growth, the lb. -Masts. See Wood.  Mats ; viz.  	of Russia, imported in a British-built Ship, the	0 2 4$	0 1 0
100, containing Five Score — not imported in a British-built Ship, the 100,	1 3 9	0 10 0
containing Five Score -■ - not otherwise enumerated or described, for every	1 4 11|	0 10 0
,£100. of the Value -Matting ; viz. - -	59 7 6	25 0 0
	of Barbary or Portugal, the Yard -  	of Holland, the Yard - -  —— not otherwise enumerated or described, for	0 1 21 0 0 9$	0 0 6 0 0 4
every £100. of the Value	59 7 6	25 0 0
Mattresses, for every .£100. of the Value	59 7 6	— *

t^ooQle

A.D. 1814

54® GEO* III,

C. 129.

621

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Maw Seed. See Seed.  Mead, the Gallon - -Meal. See Corn.  Medals, for every <£100. of the Value  Medlars, the Bushel ...	£. I. d.  0 0 8f  59 7 6 0 4 9	£. s. d.
Melasses, the cwt. -	—the Produce of, and imported from the	1 3 9	0 10 0
British Plantations in America, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Melasses may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Melting Pots, for Goldsmiths, See Pots.  Mercury; viz.	0 7	0 3 2
	Precipitate, the lb. -	0 1 Ilf	0 0 10
	Sublimate, the lb. - -  Metals ; viz.	0 1 1 If	0 0 10
	Bell Metal, the cwt. - -  — - Leaf Metal (except of Leaf Gold) the Packet, containing 250 Leaves	0 19 9\	0 8 4
	0 0 7	0 0 3
	prepared for Battery, the cwt.  Metheglin, the Gallon -Mill Boards, the cwt. #  Millet Seed. See Seed.	3 6 ft 0 0 8| 3 8 1	1 8 0
Millium Solis, the lb. -Mill Stones. See Stones.  Mineral Water. See Water.  Minerals, not otherwise enumerated or described,	0 0 7	0 0 3.
' for every £100. of the Value Mink Skins. See Skins.  Mohair Yarn. See Camel Yarn, m Yarn. Mole Skins. See Skins.	31 13 4	13 6 8
Morels, the lb. ®-'Moss ; viz.  	 Rock for Dyers’ Use, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.  — not otherwise enumerated or described, for	0	2 9|  1	14 10	0 1 2
every £100. of the Value	31 13 4	13 6 8
Mother of Pearl Shells, rough, the lb.  Mules, each .... Mum. See Beer.  Musical Instruments, not particularly enumerated or described, for every ^100. of the Value	04 04 <0 O 04 K  0  *0	0 0 4
Musk, the oz. - - -Musquash Skins. See Skins.  Mustard Seed. See Seed.  Myrobalanes, the cwt. -  Myrrh, imported directly from the Place of its Growth,	0 4 9 0 11 1	0 2 0
the lb. -	0 1 7  >	0 0 8



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.
	£. *• d.
Myrrh, not imported directly from the Place of its	A Q O
Growth, the lb.	0 0 *
Myrtle Berries. See Berries.	
	Wax. See Bay Wax, in Wax.	
N.	
Napkining. See Linen.	
Nardus Celtica, the cwt. - -	0 19 9£
Natron, for every .£'100. of the Value	31 3 4
Neats’Tongues. See Tongues.	
Necklaces of Glass. See Bracelets.	
Nest Boxes. See Boxes.	
Nets, old fishing Nets, fit only for making Paper or	
Pasteboard. See llags.^	
Nicaragua Wood. See Wood.	
Nutmegs; riz.	
	the Produce of, and imported from any	
British Colony or Plantation in America,	
the lb. -	0 3 6$
	imported under Licence, the lb.	0 5 6*
	Candied, the lb.	0 7 11
	Oil of. See Oil.	
Nuts; viz. *	
— Cashew, for every j£100. of the Value	31 13 4
	Chesnuts, the Bushel ...	0 3 111
	Pistachia Nuts, imported directly from the Place	
of their Growth, the lb. -	0 0 91
		 not imported directly from the	
Place of their Growth, the lb.	0 1 7
■ - Small, the Bushel - -	0 2 9$
	Walnuts, the Bushel - -	0 2 9$
— ■ not otherwise enumerated or described, for every	
j£100. of the Value	59 7 6
Nux Vomica, the lb	0 1 2$
O.	
Oak Bark. See Bark.	
— Boards. See Boards.	
— Knees. See Knees of Oak, in Wood.	
	Plank. See Wood.	
	Timber. See Wood.	
Oakum, the cwt. -	0 4 9
Oars. See Wood.	
Oatmeal. See Corn.	
Oats. See Corn.	
Oculi Cancrorum. See Cancrorum Oculi.	
Oil ; viz.	
— of Almonds, the lb.	0 0 9§

Drawback. £. t.

0 1 4

0 8 4

13	6	8

0 2 4 0	3	4

13 6 8 0 1 8

0 0 4

0 0 8 0 1 2 0 1 2

25 0 0 0 0 6

0 2 0

0 0 4



C.129.

623

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
	£. t. d.	£. s. d.
Oil—continued.		
— of Amber or Succinum, the lb.	0 5 6J	\ 0 2 4
— of Anniseed, the lb.	0 3 11J	i 0 1 8
— of Bay, the cwt. -	1 5	0 10 8
— of Cajaputa, the oz. - -	0 2 4\	^010
— of Carraway, the lb. -	0 2 4J 0 2 0 1	\ 0 1 0
— of Cassia, the oz. -		1 0 1 0
— of Castor, the lb. -		I 0 0 6
— Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb. -	0 3 C|	0 16
— of Cinnamon, the oz.	0 4 9	0 2 0
— of Cloves, the oz.	0 1 7	0 0 8
— Fish Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.		
—	of Hempseed, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -  —	of Jessamine, the lb. - -	31 0 0  0 3 m	0 1 8
— of Juniper, the lb.	0 1 2|	0 0 6
— of Lavender, the lb.	0 3	0 1 6
1 — of Linseed, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons — of Mace, the oz. -	31 0 0 0 1 11|	0 0 10
— of Marjoram, the lb.	0 2 9;	0 1 2
— of Nutmegs, the oz.	0 1 1H	0 0 10
— of Oranges, the lb.	0 3 6|	0 1 6
— Ordinary Oil of Olives in A British-built Ship, the Tun of 252 Gallons -	14 14 6	6 11 8
- not imported in a British-built		
Ship, the Tun of 252 Gallons	15 13 2	6 118
— Palm Oil, the cwt. -	0 0 4	0 2 8
For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Oil of Olives and Palm Oil may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. oap. 38.  — Perfumed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or des-		
cribed, the lb. -	0 3 6f	0 1 6
— of Pine, for every <£100. of the Value	59 7 6	25 0 0
— of Rape Seed, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -	31 0 0	—
— Rock Oil, the lb.	0 0 91	0 0 4
— of Rosemary, the lb.	0 1 ll|	0 0 10
— of Roses. See Otto of Roses.		
— of Rose Wood, the lb.	1 3 9	0 10 0
— Sallad Oil, imported in a British-built Ship, the		
Gallon -	0 4 5	0 2 0
- - - - not imported in a British-built Ship,		0 2 0
the Gallon -	0 5 1	
For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Sallad Oil may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.	0 2 41	0 1 0
— of Sassafras, the lb.		

L^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Oil—continued.

—	Seal Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

—	Seed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described,

the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

—	of Spike, the lb.

—	of Suecinum. See Oil of Amber.

—	of Thyme, the lb.

—	Train and Blubber ; viz.

—	Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living

in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crew of a British-built Ship or Vessel, wholly owned by His Majesty’s Subjects usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, and imported in | any such Shipping, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons	-	-

—	Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living

in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shoals of the Island of Newfoundland, and , Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty’s Subjects carrying on such Fisher)' from that Island, and ( residing therein, and imported directly from j	thence in a British-built Ship or Vessel, regis-

1	tered and navigated according to Law, the Tun,

containing 252 Gallons -	-

—	Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living

in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty’s Subjects usually residing in any of the Bahama or Bermuda Islands, or in any British Colony or Plantation in North America, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -

—	Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living

in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His I Majesty’s Subjects usually residing in any other British Colony, Plantation, Terri tor)' or Settlement, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

—	Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living

in the Sea, of Foreign Fishing, the Tun, con-1 taining 252 Gallons -

—	Train Ou, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living 1 in the Sea, taken aud caught by the Crew of a

British-built Ship pr Vessel wholly owned by His Majesty’s Subjects usually residing in Great ! Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey,

Duty.	Drawbick.
£. s. d.	£. d.
31 0 0	. _
0 1 2i	0 0 6
0 2 9J	0 1 2
0 5 2	—
0 15 6	—
2 1 6	-
5 4 0	-
20 0 0	



A.D. iSi4*

54° GEO. ffl.

C.129.

625

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Oil—Train Oil, continued.  Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any such Shipping, the Tun, containing 252	£. s. d.	£. *. d.
Gallons - - -— Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks ami Shores of the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty’s Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island, and residing therein, and imported directly from thence in a British-built Ship or Vessel registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun,	0 7 10	
containing 252 Gallons ...  — Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty’s Subjects usually residing in any of the Bahama or Bermuda Islands, or in any British Colony or Plantation in North America, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun,	1 3 0	
containing 252 Gallons — Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty’s Subjects usually residing in any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory or Settlement, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel registered and navigated according to	3 2 0	-
Law, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons — Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, of Foreign Fishing, the Tun, contain-	7 15 0	
ing 252 Gallons ...  — Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, taken and caught by the Crew of a British-built Ship or Vessel wholly owned by His Majesty’s Subjects usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, registered and navigated accordingjto Law, and imported in any such Shipping, ^the Tun, con-	31 0 0	
taining 252 Gallons ...  — Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent wholly by His Majesty’s Subjects, carrying on such Fishery from that Island, and residing therein, and imported directly from thence in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 252	0 7 10	
Gallons - - -54 Geo. III. S s	13 0  %	

L^ooQle

626

C. 129.

54° GEO. in.

A J). 1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Jl. s.

Drawback.

d.

£.

s. (/.

Oil—continued.

—	Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, taken and caught

wholly by His Majesty’s Subjects usually residing in any of the Bahama or Bermuda Islands, or in any British Colony or Plantation in North America, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

—	Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, taken and caught

wholly by His Majesty’s Subjects, usually residing in any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory or Settlement, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons ....

—	Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, of Foreign Fishing,

the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter may be admitted to Entry as British taken and caught, on Payment of the above Duty (as the case may be) ; See 45 Geo.3. cap. 18. § 22, 23, 24.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, Train Oil, and all other Fish Oil and Blubber, may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty, See 48 Geo.3. cap.32., and 50 Geo.3. cap.38.

—	of Turpentine, the lb. -

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Oil of Turpentine may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo.3. cap.32., and 50 Geo.3. cap.38.

—	of Vitriol, the lb.	...

—	Walnut Oil, the Gallon	-	-

—	Whale Oil. See Train OH.

—	not particularly enumerated or described, or other-

wise charged with Duty, for every j£100. of the Value	....

Oil Cloth. See Linen.

Oker, the cwt.	-	-	-

Olibanum or Incense, imported directly from the Plate of its Growth, the cwt.

---------.... not imported directly from 'the

Place of its Growth, the cwt.

Olive Oil. • See Ordinary Oil of Olives, in OU. •

Olive Wood. See Wood.

Olives, the Gallon ■-	*

4 10 0

23	0	0
32	0	0

00 74	
0 t 4}	i
0 3 9	0 1 8
59 7 6	25 0 0
0 6 8$	0 2 10
2 7 ‘6	1 0 0
4 J5 0	2 0 0
-0 2- 4i	■ "-r? ' .





54° GEO. HI.

G 129

627

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Onion Seed. See Seed.  Onions, the Bushel - -Open Tapes. See Tapes.  Opium, imported directly from the Place of its Growth,	£. s. d. 0 1 21	s. d.
the lb. - -	not imported directly from the Place of its	O  QO  00  Hi*-	0 3 8
Growth, the lb. -For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Opium may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.  Opoponax Gum. See Gum.	0 17 5	0 7 4
Orange Flower Ointment, the lb.  	Water, the Gallon - -	0 1 2 0 3 2	0 0 6 0 1 4
Oranges, imported in a British-built Ship, the 1,000	0 19 4f	0 8 2
	not imported in a British-built Ship, the 1,000  	Oil of. See Oil.  Orchal, the cwt. -  Orchelia, or Archelia, the cwt. ... Ordinary Oil of Olives. See Oil.  Ore ; viz.  	Copper. See Copper.  	Gold. See Bullion.  —- - Iron. See Iron.  —	Lead. See Lead.  —	- Silver. See Bullion.  —	not otherwise enumerated or described, for every	1 0 7  0 8 81 0 16	0 8 2
j£100. of the Value -Organzine Silk. See Silk.  Origanum, the lb.  	 Oil of, as Oil of Thyme, in Oil.	31 13 4	13 6 8
	0 2 9$	0 1 2
Orpiment, or Auripigmentum, the cwt.	1 8 6 1 8 6	0 12 0
Orris, or Iris Root, the cwt. -		0 12 0
Orsedew, the lb. -Ostrich Feathers. See Feathers.  Otter Skins. See Skins.	0 1 2	0 0 6
Otto of Roses, or Oil of Roses, the oz.  Ounce Skins. See Skins.  Outnal Thread. See Thread.  Ox Hair. See Bull, Cow or Ox Hair, in Hair.  —	Hides. See Bull, Cow or Ox Hides, in Hides.  —	Horns. See Horns.  —	Tails. See Tails.	0 11 10i	0 5 0
Oysters, the Bushel ... P.  Fads Duck. See Drillings, in Linen.  Packing Canvas, See Canvas, in Linen.  Ss 2	0 12	



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Pack Thread. See Thread.

Pails, or Kits of Wood, the Dozen Painted Paper. See Paper.

Painters* Colours, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb. -Paintings on Glass, for every ,£100. of the Value Paling Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

Palm Oil. See Oil.

Panthers’ Skins. See Skins.

Pantiles. See Tiles.

Paper; viz.

-------Brown Paper, made of old Rope or Cordage

only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, the lb.

-------Printed, painted or stained Paper, or Paper

Hangings, the Yard square

-------Waste Paper, or Paper of any other Sort, not

particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb. Parchment, the Dozen of Twelve Sheets Pasteboards, the cwt.	-

Paving Stones. See Stones.

■------Tiles. See Tiles.

Pearl Ashes. See Ashes.

Pearl Barley, the cwt.	-

Pearls, for every .£100. of the Value Pearl Shells. See Mother of Pearl Shells.

Pears, the Bushel -	-

-------dried, the Bushel	-	-

Peas. See Corn.

Pebble Stones. See Stones.

Pellitory, the lb.	-	-	•

Pelts. See Skins.

Pencils, for every .£100. of the Value Pens, for every £100. of the Value Pepper; viz.

------- Cayenne Pepper, the lb.

------- Guinea Pepper, the lb.

------- Long Pepper, the lb.

Perfumed Dust. See Hair Powder.

-------—— Oil. See Oil.

Perry, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Peruyianus Cortex. See Cortex.

Pewter, old, the cwt.

Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon Picture Frames. See Frames.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. *. d.	£. s. d.
0 3 iii	—
0 0 9* 59 7 6	0 0 4
0 0 9*	
0 1 2$	—
0 1 7 0 9 10$ 3 8 1	—
0 17 5 15 16 8	0 7 4
0 4 9 0 6 4	—
0 0 4$	0 0 2
59 7 6 59 7 6	25 0 0 25 0 0
0 4 9 0 1 7 0 0 9:	0 2 0 0 0 8 0 9 4
17 0 9$	7 3 6
1 8 6	0 12 0
0 4 5	—

L.ooQLe

A-D. 1814.

54" geo. in.

C. 129.

629

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty. .	Drawback.
Pictures; viz.  - of Two Feet Square, and under Four Feet	£. s. d. 3 8 1	£. *. d.
Square, the Picture -  —		 of Four Feet Square or upwards, the Picture  Pig Iron. See Iron.  Pig Lead. See Lead.  Pill Boxes. See Boxes.  Pimento ; riz.  —	- ■ of the British Plantations, the lb. -	 not of the British Plantations, the lb.  For the Conditions, Regulations4and Restrictions under which Pimento may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.  Pine Oil. See Oil.	6 16 2 10 4 3  0 0 9A 0 12*	0 0 4 0 0 6
Pink Root, the lb. -  Pionv, or Peoni Seed. See Seed.  Pipe Boards. See Boards, in Wood.  Pistachia Nuts. See Nuts.  Pitch ; viz.  	 imported in a British-built Ship, the Last con-  taining 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding	M|N  0  0  0	0 0 4
31 £ Gallons - -  	 not imported in a British-built Ship, the Last  containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not ex-	1 8 6	
ceeding 31 £ Gallons * -■ -■■■ the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of The Crown of the United Kingdom, the Last containing 12 Barrels, each	1 10 1	
Barrel not exceeding 31 £ Gallons -For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Pitch may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.	1 5 4	
“ Burgundy Pitch, the cwt.	0 N 3	0 6 0
Plaister of Paris, the cwt. - -Plants and Trees. See Flower Roots.  Plate ; viz.  battered, fit only to be remanufactured. See Bullion.	0 2 4|	0 1 0
— of Gold, the oz. Troy - -	3 16 3	■ —
■ ■- ■■ of Silver gilt, the oz. Troy	0 6 4	—
		 - Part gilt, the oz. Troy  		 - ungilt, the oz. Troy  Plate Glass. See Glass.	0 5 11 0 4 4	—
Platters of Wood, the Dozen  a* 3	0 1 7	

(^.ooQle

63a	C.i2p.	540	GEO.	III.	AD.1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Platting, or other Manufactures ; viz.  	 of Bast, Chip, Cane or Horse Hair, to be  used in, or proper for making Hats or	£. s. d.	£. *. d.
Bonnets, the lb. -— ■ of Straw, to be used in or proper for making	0 5 Hi	—
Hats or Bonnets the lb. Plume Alum. See Alum.	0 17 0$	—
Plums, dried, the lb. -	0 12}	
Polishing Rushes, for every jfilOO. of the Value	31 13 4	13 6 8
Polipodium, the lb. ...	0 0 4f!	0 0 2
Pomatum, for every j£100. of the Value	59 7 6	25 0 0
Pomegranates, the 1,000  		— Peels of, the cwt.  Pomice Stones. See Stones.  Porcelain. See China Ware.  Portugal. Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Possessions of The Crown of Portugal in South America. See Brazil.  Pot Ashes. See Ashes.	1 9 3$ 0 15 0*	
Potatoes, the cwt. - -Pots ; viz.  ■ — Melting Pots for Goldsmiths, the 100, contain-	0 1 11	
ing Five Score -	0 3 2	0 1 4
	 of Stone, for every j£100. of the Value  Powder ; viz.	59 7 6	25 0 0  _ /% A
	 of Brass, for japanning, the lb.  	 of Bronze, for every .£100. of the Value  	 Gunpowder. See in G.  	 Hair Powder. See in H.  	 Sago Powder. See in S.  Precious Stones. See Jewels.  Prints ; viz.	0 5 6 59 7 6	0 2 4  25 0 0
Paper Prints, plain, the Piece 	 .... coloured, for every j£100. of	0 1 7	
the Value  Printers* Ink. See Ink for Printers. Prunella Sal. See Sal.	59 7 6	
Prunelloes, the lb. -	0 1 2	Oil 6
Prunes, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. -  	 not imported in a British-built ship, the cwt.  For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, under which Prunes may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See	1 7 3  1 8 6	1 V J 1  011 c
48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.	0 0 ^	0 0 2
Psyllum, the lb. -Puddings. See Sausages.  Pyrmont Water. See Mineral Water, in Water.		v



jW).i8i4»

54“ GEO. IIL.

C. 129.

631

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Q.  Quassia Wood. See Wood.  Quercitron, or Black Oak Bark. See Bark. Quern Stones. See Stones.	£. *. d.	£. s. d.
Quicksilver, or Argentum Vivura, the lb.  For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Quicksilver may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3, cap. 38. Quills; viz.	0 1 7	0 0 8
— Goose Quills, the 1,000 -	0 2 0 11 1(4	0 1 0
	 Swan Quills, the 1,000		0 5 0
Quinces, the 100, containing Five Score R.  Racoon Skins. See Skins.  Radix; viz.  	Contrayeme, the lb.  	Enulse Campanae, the cwt.  	Eringii, the lb.  	Ipecacuanha, the lb.  	Senekae, the lb. -  —	Serpentariae, or Snake Root, the lb.  Rag Stones. See Stones.  Rags, old, old Ropes or Junk, or old Fishing Nets, fit only for making Paper or Pasteboard, or for the Purpose of Manure, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.	0 3 U|  0 1 7 0 13 5 0 0 4§ 0 3 6| 0 0 7 0 1 9$	0 0 8 0 5 8 0 0 2 0 1 6 0 0 3 0 0 9
-	- - imported in a British-built Ship  -	- - not imported in a British-built Ship Raisins; viz.  	Belvedere Raisins, imported in a British-built	1 5 8J	
	1 7 3}	
Ship, the cwt.  - - - - not imported in a British-built	1 1 4	0 9 0
Ship, the cwt.  	Denia Raisins, imported in a British-built	1 2 6	0 9 0
Ship, the cwt.  - - - - not imported in a British-built	0 19 4	0 8 2
Ship, the cwt.  	Faro Raisins, imported in a British-built Ship,	1 0 7	0 8 2
the cwt. -- - - - not imported in a British-built	1 1 4	0 9 0  1
Ship, the cwt.  —-— Lexia Raisins, imported in a British-built	1 2 6	0 9 0
Ship, the cwt.  - - - - not imported in a British-built	12 2	0 9 4
Ship, the cwt.  S s 4	13 4	0 9 4

(^.ooQle

<32 C. 129.	54f	GEO.	III..	A.D.1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Raising—continued.  — Lipari Raisins imported in a British built	£. t. d.	Jt. $. d.
Ship, thecwt.  - - - - not imported in a British-built	1 i 4	0 9 0
Ship, the cwt.  	 Smyrna Raisins, imported in a British-built	1 2 6	0 9 0
Ship, the cwt.  - - - - not imported in a British-built	1 4 11	0 10 6
Ship, thecwt.  — of the Sun, imported in a British-built Ship,	1 6 1	0 10 6
the cwt. -- ... not imported in a British-built	2 2 4	0 17 10
Ship, the cwt.  - imported in a British-built Ship,	2 3 6	0 17 10
the cwt.  - - not imported in a British-built	2 2 4	0 17 10
Ship, the cwt.  For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Raisins of all Sorts may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Rape Cakes, the cwt. -  	Seed. See Seed.  	Seed Oil. See Oil.	2 3 6 0 1 7	0 17 10
Rape of Grapes, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Ratifia. See Cordial Water, in Spirits.  Rattans. See Canes.  Raw Linen Yarn. See Yarn.  	Silk. See Silk.  Red Wood. See Wood.  	Wool. See Wool.  Reed Canes. See Canes.	10 9 0	4 13 4
Rennet, the Gallon - -	0 0 4|	0 0 2
Resina Jalappae, the lb. -	0 6 8f	0 2 10
Rhinehurst, the cwt. -  Rhodium Lignum. See Rose Wood, in Wood.	0 14 3	0 6 0
Rhubarb, the lb. -  For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Rhubarb may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.  Rice, imported from any British Colony or Plantation,	0 3 11£	0 1 8
the cwt.  	not imported from any British Colony or Plan-	0 7 6$	0 3 2
tation, the cwt. -For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Rice may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 48 Geo. 3. 1 > cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38*	O  O	0 3 2

L^ooq le

A.D.i8i4*

J4° GEO. in.

C. 129.

633

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Roch Alum. See Alum.  Rock Moss. See Moss.  — ■ Oil. See Oil.  Romanum Vitriolum. See Vitriolum Romanum. Ropes of Bast. See Bast Ropes.  ■ — ■ New. See Cordage.  	Old. See Rags.  Rose Copper. See Copper.  Rose Leaves. See Leaves.  Rosemary Oil of \ See oil.  Rose Wood, Oil of. J  Roses, Oil of. See Otto of Roses.  Rosin, or Colophonia; viz.  — imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.  	 not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.  ■ - — the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great	£. s. d.	£. 8. d.
	0 4 9  0 5 C£	—
Britain, the cwt. - -For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Rosin may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. oap. 38. Roundwood. See Wood.  Rubies. See Jewels.  Rum. See Spirits.  Rye. See Corn.  S.  Sable Skins. See Skins.	0 3 2	' -
Saccharum Saturni, the lb. - -	0 0	0 0 4
Safflower, the cwt. - - -	0 8 8i	—’
Satfron, the lb. - - -For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Saffron may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap.32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.  Sagapenum Gum. See Gum.	0 7 l|	0 3 0  - - ^
Sago, the lb. - - -	0 0 7	0 0r 3
	 Powder, for every a£I00. of the Value  Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck. See Sail Cloth, in Linen. Sails. See Linen.  Sal; viz.	59 7 6	25 0 0
— Ammoniacus, the lb.	0 0 4J	—i. -
	 Gem, the cwt. - -	0 7 H	
	Limonum, or Acetosella, the lb.	0 4 9	0 2 0
	 Prunella, the lb. -	0 0 4|	0 0 2
	 Succini, the lb. -  Salep, or Salop, imported directly from the Place of	0 3 2	0 1 4
its Growth, the lb. - .	0 \ 2\	0 0 6



54° geo. in.

A.D.1814.

C.129.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Salep or Salop, not imported directly from the Place	£. t.	£. u j
of its Growth, the lb. Sallad Oil. See Oil.	0 2 4	\ 0 10
Salt, the Bushel of 56 lbs. - -  Note. The Duty on Salt is payable in Irish Currency.	0 2 0	0 2 0;  I  , 1
Saltpetre, the cwt. - -Sand Boxes. See Boxes.  San drake Gum. See Gum.  Sanguis Dra^onis, imported directly from the Place of	0 0 4j	I 	
its Growth, the lb.  — —— not imported directly from the	0 1 7	0 0 6  r  1
Place of its Growth, the lb.	0 3 2	0 14
Saphora, for every j£100. of the Value Sarcocolla Gum. See Gum.  Sark, Island of. See Guernsey.	31 13 4	13- 6 8 |  1
Sarsaparilla, the lb. -	0 1 2\	0 0 6;
Sassafras, the cwt. -  		— Oil of. See Oil.  Saunders ; viz.	0 6 4	0 2 8 |
	— Red, the cwt. - - -	0 3 11*	
	White or Yellow, the lb.	0 0 9|	,004
Sausages or Puddings, the lb.	0 1 2	—
Scaleboards, the cwt. -  Scammony, imported directly from the Place of its	3 8 1	
Growth, the lb.  	 not imported directly from the Place of its	0 6 4	0 2 8
Growth, the lb. -	0 12 8	0 5 4
Scoops of Wood, the Dozen -	0 2 4*	—
Scratch Brushes, for every iff 100. of the Value Sculptured Marble. See Stones.	5? 7 6'	25 0 0
Sea Cow, Sea Horse, Sea Morse Teeth, the lb. Sealing Wax. See Wax.  Seal Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.  	 Skins. See Skins.  Seed ; viz.	0 1 7	0 0 8
	- Ammi Seed, the lb. -	6 0 4J	0 0 2 1
■	Anniseed, the cwt. - -  For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Anniseed may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.	2 5 I5	0 19 0 j
— ■ Canary Seed, the cwt. - -	1 14 0£	0 14 2
	 Carraway Seed, the cwt. ...	0 11 1	0 4 8
	 Carrot Seed, the lb. - -	0 0 7	0 0 3
	 Carthamus Seed, the lb. -	0 0 4f	0 0 2
: — - Clover Seed, the cwt. - -  For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions 1 under which Clover Seed may be secured in	0 9 6	0 4 0

LjOOQle

A.D.i8i4*	54#GEO.IIl.	C.129.	<>35

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Seed—con tinued.  Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.	£. t. d.	£. s. d.
	 Cole Seed, the Quarter, containing Eight Bushels	1 7 3f	0 116
	 Coriander Seed, the cwt. -	0 9 6	0 4 0
	Cummin Seed, the cwt.	0 15 10	0 6 8
	Fennel Seed, the lb. -	0 0 4$	0 0 2
—	Fenugreek Seed, the cwt. -  —	Flax Seed, the Bushel - -	0 7 6i 0 0 4|	0 3 2
	Forest Seed, for every jfilOO. of the Value  	Furze Seed, the cwt. -  	Garden Seed not particularly enumerated or  described or otherwise charged with Duty,	31 13 4 0 0 7	13 6 8
the lb.  —- Hemp Seed, the Quarter, containing 8 Bushels - the Produce of and imported from the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the Quarter, containing 8 Bushels -	 Linseed, the Bushel -	0 0 7 0 17 5  0 0 9j 0 0 4|	0 0 %
	 Lucerne, the cwt. - -	0 9 101	0 4 2
	Maw Seed, the cwt. - -	111 8	0 13 4
	Millet Seed, the cwt. - -	e 9 i}	0 3 10
	Mustard Seed, the cwt.	0 5 l|	0 2 2
	Onion Seed, the cwt. - •	2 0 3f	0 17 6
	Piony, or Peoni Seed, the lb.  	Rape Seed, the Quarter, containing 8 Bushel -  	Worm Seed, imported directly from the Place	0 0 1 6 11	0 0 2
of its Growth, the lb.  - not imported directly from the	o i	0 0 6
Place of its Growth, the lb.  	 Seed not particularly enumerated or described,  or otherwise charged with Duty, for every	0 2 4$	0 1 0
jfflOO. of the Value - -Seed Lac. See Lac, in Gum.  Seed Oil. See Oil.  Senna, imported directly from the Place of its Growth,	59 7 6	2% 0 0
the lb.  	 not imported directly from the Place of its	0 1 2$	0 0 6
Growth, the lb.  For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Senna may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See 48 G. 3. cap. 32., and 50 G. 3. cap. 38.  Senega Gum. See Gum.  Senekae Radix. 1 «  Serpentariae Radix. /  Serpentine Powder. See Gunpowder*  Shaven Latten. See Latten.	0 2 4$	0 1 0

L^ooQle

A. D. 1814-

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
	£. *. d.	£. s. d.
Shaving for Hats. See Platting.  Sheep Skins. See Skins.  	Wool. See Wool.  Shellac. See Lac, in Gum.  Shells, Mother of Pearl. See in M.  Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel and Furniture (except Sails), for every «£100. of the Value	31 13 4	
Shovels of Wood, unshod, the Dozen	0 5 6\	. —
Shruff or Old Brass, fit only to be remanufactured, the cwt. -	1 8 H	0 u 10
Shumach or Sumach, thq. cwt.	0 1 7	—
Silk, for every lb. containing 16 ounces ; viz. • 	 of Knubs or Husks of Silk, the lb. -	0 2 0	0 0 10
	 Raw Silk, the lb. -	0 2 9	0 I 41
	Thrown Silk organzined, dyed, the lb.	1 2 9	0 9 7*
- - - - not dyed, the lb.	0 7 4	0 3 1
-	- - - not organzined, dyed, the lb.  -	- - - undyed, the lb.	1 2 9	0 9 7
	0 14 8	0 6 2
	Waste Silk not otherwise enumerated or described,  the lb.	0 2 0	0 1 8
For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Raw Silk, Thrown Silk and Waste Silk, may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.  — Wrought Silk ; viz.  	 Crapes or Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy,  imported directly from thence, the lb.	3 1 9	
	Wrought Silk mixed with Gold or Silver, or  both, not particularly enumerated or described, the lb. of 16 Ounces -	9 12 0	
Silk Manufactures of all other Sorts, whether of Silk only or mixed with any other Materials, and not being particularly enumerated or described, the lb. of 16 Ounces -	7 I 8	
	Worm Gut, for every .€100. of the Value	59 7 6	—
Silver Coin. See Bullion.  —~ Plate. See Plate.  Simatouba Cortex. See Cortex.  Singing Birds. See Birds.  Sister’s Thread. See Thread.  Skates for sliding, for every ^€100. of the Value	59 7 6	1  1  ;
Skeets for Whitsters,* the Skeet -	0 0 7	j
Skins ; viz.  »■ ■■ Badger Skins undressed, the Skin -	0 1 41	0 071
— Bear Skins, undressed, the Skin	0 12 3|	0 5 9 1
- - - imported from any British ? ' - ■ ; • Colony, Plantation or 8et-1 tlement in America, the		*  053!
' Skin -	0 8	





637

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
	U. s. d.	Jt. d.
Skins—continued.'		
	Beaver Skins undressed, the Skin -  - - - imported from any British Co-	0 1 7	—
lony, Plantation or Settle-		
ment in America, the Skin -	^ . O . O	
—— Buck or Deer Skins. See Skins, Deer.		
— Calabar. See Squirrel Skins.  	Calves* Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed,  curried or in anyway dressed, - imported in a British-built Ship,		
the Dozen Skins - not imported in a British-built	0 1 ni	—
Ship, the Dozen Skins	0 7 14	—
- tanned and not otherwise dressed, the lb.	0 0 9|	—
	Cat Skins, undressed, the Skin	0 0 9*	<L 0 4
- - imported from any British Colony,		
Plantation or Settlement in		
America, the Skin -	0-0-94 0 0 9|	0 0 6
— ■ » Coney Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins		0 0 4
— Deer Skins, undressed, the Skin	0 0 7	—
- - imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settle-		
ment in America, the Skin -	0 0 2i	
- - Indian, Half dressed or shaved.		
the Skin  — ■ ■ Dog Skins, in the ilair, not tanned, tawed or	0 0 7	—
in any way dressed,		
- - imported in a British-built Ship,	■	
the Dozen Skins	0 0 9i	—
- - - - not imported in a British-built		
Ship, the Dozen Skins	0 5 04	
— ■■ Dog Fish Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins -	0 5 l|	0 2 2;
	Elk Skins, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried or in any way dressed.		
- imported in a British-built Ship,	0 0 Hi	
the Skin - -- not imported in a British-built Ship,		
the Skin -	0. 1 Hi	
	Ermine'Skins, undressed, the Skin	0 0 7	0 0 3
— ■ Fisher Skins, undressed, the Skin	0 2 4^	,010
- - - imported from any British Co-		
lony, Plantation or Settlement		-
in America, the Skin	0 1 2i	0 0 9
		Fitches Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins	0 3 2	0 1 <
		 Fox Skins, undressed, the Skin	0 0	i- 0- 0 4
- - - - imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in		
America, the Skin	0 0 9	0 * «
- - Tails* for every jglOO. of the Value	159.7 5	25 0 0 :



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. ». d.	£. 1. d.
0 2 9$	
0 12 8	- -
3 8 1	—
0 5 (|	0 2 4
0 0 4|	0 0 2
0 1 7	—
2 ]0 3£	1 1 2
0 9 6	0 4 0
1 11 3$	0 13 2
4 2 8|	1 14 10
0 3 2	0 1 4
0 4 6	0 4 0
0 5 111	0 2 $
0 2 4$	0 1 0
0 1 2\	0 0 9
0 16 23	0 6 10
0 0 9*	0 0 4
0 0 9;	0 0 6
0 1 ll|	0 0 10
0 0 44	0 0 2
1 8 6	0 12 0
0 3 2	0 1 4
0 3 2	0 2 0
0 7 6	0 3 2
0 9 6	0 4 0
0 2 9	• 1 2
0 5 11	-026
0 17 0	0 7 2
2 0 4$	0 17 0
0 14 3	0 9 0
‘O 8 3i	0 3 «
0 1 tf|	'0 0 6

Skins—continued.

-----Goat Skins; viz.

-	-	-	-	raw or undressed, imported in a

Britisb-bUilt Ship, the Dozen Sldns	-

-	-	-	-	not imported in a British-built

Ship, the Dozen Sldns -

-	•	-	-	tanned, the Dozen Skins -

-----Hare Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins -

-----Husse Skins, undressed, the Skin

-----Kid Skins, in the Hair, the 100 Skins -

-	- - - dressed, the 100 Skins

■	— Lamb Skins, undressed, in the Wool, the

100 Skins -.... dressed in Alum, Salt or Meal, the 100 Skins

-	-	-	- dressed in Oil, the 100 Skins

- -	-	- slink, undressed, in the Wool, the

100 Skins

■	— Leopard Skins, undressed, the Skin -

-----LionSkins, undressed, the Skin

-----Martin Sldns, undressed, the Skin

...	- imported from Any British Co-

lony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin

-	- - Tails, undressed, the 100 Tails ----------Mink Skins, undressed, the Skin

-	-	-	imported from any British Colony,

Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin

-	-	-	-	dressed, the Sldn

—— Mole Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins

-----Muskquash Skins, wuhassed, the 100 Skins -

-----Otter Skins, undressed, the Skin -	-

-	-	-	-	imported from any British Colony,

Plantation	or Settlement	in

America, the Sldn

.....Ounce Sldns, undressed, the Sldn

Panther Skins, undressed, the Skin -

■	— Pelts of Goats, undressed, the Dozen Pelts -

-	-	-	-	dressed, the Dozen Pelts

-	-	-	-	of all other Sorts, undressed,	the

100 Pelts

«— ■ Racoon Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins

.... imported from any British Colony, Plantation	or Settlement	in

America, the 100 Skins » feble	Skins,	undressed, the	Skin -	-

• •	*	Tails ot Tips-of Sable,	undressed, thePiepe





SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Skins—continued•  	 Seal Skins, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or  in any way dressed,  -	- - - imported in a British-built Ship,  the Skin  .... not imported in a British-built Ship, the Skin  -	- - - cured with foreign Salt, and im-  ported in a British-built Ship, the Skin -  	Sheep Skins, undressed, in the Wool, the Dozen	£. s. d.  0 0 2J 0 1 2$  0 0 2J	ill
Skins -- - dressed in Oil or otherwise, or	0 2 2	0 0 11
tanned or tawed, the Dozen Skins Squirrel, or Calabar Skins, undressed, the	0 9 H	0 3 10
100 Skins ...	Oil 5|	0 4 10
- - - - tawed, the 100 Skins -	0 17 5	0 7 4
- - Tails, for eveiw*£ 100. of the Value	5!) 7 6	25 0 0
■ —	Swan Skins, undressed, the Skin -	0 2 2	0 0 11
—	Tyger Skins, undressed, the Skin -	0 9 6	0 4 0
— Weazel Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins	0 ‘4 9	0 2 0
— ■■■■ Wolf Skins, undressed, the Skin  - - - imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America,	0 12 3|	0 5 2
the Skin	0 3 11|	0 2 S
- - - - tawed, the Skin	0 17 5	0 7 4
	 Wolverings, undressed, the Skin  - - - imported from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement, in America,	« 7 H	0 3 2
the Skin  Skins and Purs, or Pieces of Skins and Purs, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,	0 2	0 1 6
for every £100. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Skins may be warehoused without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo.3. cap.32., and 50Geo.3. cap.38.  Skins and Purs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, tanned, tawed, curried or in any* wav dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise changed	59 7 6	25 0 0
with Duty, for every *£100. of the Value - ■» Slate. See Stones.	142 10 0	
Slate Pencils, for every* £100. of the Value  .	Tables of. A  Slates in Frames. Xfee Stones.	59 7 6	-25 4)  11 r
Slick Stones. J	.... J ... - - '	

CjOOQle

640

C. 129*

54r GEO. III.

A«D» 1814*

Duty. • *	Drawback.
£. s. d.	£. s. d.
0  ©	0 0 4
0 4 0	- —
4 3 11	
3 11 3	• —
0 3 2	—
5D 7* 6	25 0 0
to  00	0 12 0
0 1 4£	—
e 2 9{	0 12
0 1 7 1	0 14 3
0 13 7	0 12 8
0 13 9	0 12 8
1 1 11	0 16 &  K «. *
0 17 1	0 14 3
0 13 7	0 12 8
0 13 9	0 12 8
0 17 1	0 14 3
0 17 1	0 14 3
0 10 0	0 7 0
0 13 7	0 7 0
0 J7 0	0 14 3

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Smalts, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Smalts may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo.3. cap.32., and 50Geo.3. cap.38. Smyrna Raisins. See Raisins.

Snake Root. See Radix Serpentarise.

Snuff, the lb.	-

------Boxes. See Boxes.

Soap ; viz.

-----Ashes. See Ashes.

----- Hard, the cwt.	-	-

-----Soft, the cwt. -	-

Soaper’s Waste, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. Socotorina Aloes. See Aloes.

Sour Crout. See Crout.

Spa Ware, for every j£100. of the Value

----Water. See Mineral Water, in Water.

Spanish Wine. See Wine.

Wool. See Wool,

Spelter, the cwt. -Spermaceti; viz.

----------- Candles. See Candles.

......	' fine, the lb.

----------- Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

Spike, Oil of. See Oil.

Spikenard, the lb.	-	-

Spirits; viz.

-----f- Arquebusade, the Gallon

■ * ^« Brandy, imported in a British-built Ship, the Gallon -	-	-

■— ■ ■	not imported in a British-built Ship,

the Gallon -■	Citron Water, the Gallon

—■ Cordial Water, or strong Water, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon	-

------— Geneva, imported in a British-built Ship, the

Gallon -

, -------------not imported in a British-built Ship,

the Gallon -

----— Hungary-Water, the Gallon

■ - Lavender Water, the Gallon ■f — ■ - Rum, the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Gallon

of any other Sort, the Gallon .	-

Usquebaugh, the Gallon -

16



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Spirits—con t in ued.

-------the Produce of the Settlement of the Cape of

Good Hope, its Territories or Dependencies, the Gallon	-

-------not particularly enumerated or described, or

otherwise charged with Duty, the Gallon -And further, for every Gallon of Brandy, Geneva or Rum, above the Quality of Single Spirits, an additional Duty on such Spirits to be paid in Proportion to the Duties payable for Single Spirits of the like Denomination, according to the comparative Decree of Strength which they shall bear to such Single Spirits.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Brandy and other Spirits may be warehoused without Payment of Duty; See 48Geo.3. cap.32., and’oOGeo.3. cap. 38.

Spokes for Wheels. See Wood.

Sponge, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. -

■------not imported directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Spouts of Wood, for every .£100. of the Value Spruce Beer. See Beer.

-------Essence of. See Essence.

-------Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen.

Squills, the cwt.	-	-	-

Squinanthum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

—	—■— - ■ not imported directly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

Squirrel Skins. See Sldns.

Step Horns. See Homs.

Stained Paper. See Paper.

Starch, the cwt.

Statuary.

I Statues of Marble, or 1 Stones sculptured.

I-------of any other Sort, for every .£100. of the Value

I Sfcavesacre, the cwt.	-

t Staves. See Wood.

Steel, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every ,£100. of the Value .Stibium. See Antimonium Prepar&triitf.

Stick Lac. See Lac, in Gum.	*

Sticks ; viz.

-------Walking Sticks, for every £100. of the Value

Stock Fish, the 120

54 Geo. 111.	T	t

\ See Sculptured Marble, j in Stones.

Duty.	Drawback
£. ». d.	Sm
0 13 0	0 12 5
0 ie 10	0 14 3
0 1 11;	0 0 10
0 3 iii  59 7 G	0 18
0 5 Ji	0 2 2
0 0 9J	0 0 4
0 1 7	0 0 8 [
9 10’ 0	—
59 7 6 I 7 81	25 0 0  0 11 8  '
59 6	--
59 7 6 0.4 4	



642

C. 129.

54° GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)—inwards.		Duty.	Drawback.
Stockings, viz.  	 of Cotton, for every £ 100. of the Value -		M. *. </. 80 10 0	5. d.
the Value - -  Stone ; viz.  	 Burrs for Mill Stones, the 100, containing Five		59 7 6	
Score -  *	Dog Stones, not exceeding Four Feet in  Diameter, above Six Inches and under 12		3 16 0	1 12 0
Inches in Thickness, the Pair		6 3 6	2 12 0
		 Emery Stones, the cwt.	_	0 1 11$	0 0 10
	 Filtering Stones, for every .€100. of the Value  	Flint Stones for Potters, the Ton, containing		59 7 6	25 0 0
20 cwt. -	 Grave Stones of Marble, polished, the Foot		0 2 41	—
square, superficial Measure ■■ ■■ . — ■ — unpolished, the Foot square, su-		0 2 4$	0 1 0  j
perficial Measure  	 not of Marble, polished or unpo-  lished, the Foot square, super-		0 0 9$	,004
ficial Measure		0 0 4$	0  0
" Lime Stone, for every .£100. of the Value — Marble Basons, Tables, Mortars, and other unpolished Marble (except Grave Stones and Paving Stones polished), the Foot square.		31 13 4	
superficial Measure	-	0 3 2	0 1 4
■	■ — Marble Blocks, the solid  ■	— Marble Busts. ]  -	- - Chimney Pieces. |  -	- - Sculptured.  -	- - Statues. J 	 Marble Paving Stones,	Foot  [ See Sculptured [ Marble.  polished, the square	0 6 4	0 2 8
Foot, superficial Measure ----- - - rough, the Foot square,		0 0 9$	0 0 4
superficial Measure -	 Mill Slones above Four Feet in Diameter, or if		0 0 4$	0 0 2
12 Inches in Thickness, or upwards, the Pair 	 Paving Stones, not of Marble, the 100 Feet		11 8 0	4 16 0
f square, superficial Measure		011 104	0 5 0
	 Pebble Stones, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.		0 13 5$!	0 5 8
	 Polishing Stones, for every ,£100. of the Value		31 13 4	13 6 8
	 Pomice Stones, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.  	 Quern Stones under Three Feet in Diameter,  and not exceeding Six Inches		1 13 3	0 14 0
in Thickness, the Pair ----- Three Feet in Diameter, and not above Four Feet in Diameter, and not exceeding Six Inches		QO  GO  O	0 3 8  A M i
in Thickness, the Pair  t Sk. I		0 17 5	0 7 4

(^ooQle

A.D. 1814.

540 GEO. III.

C. 1

.64.

^ SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	J Duty.	Drawback.
Stone—continued.	£. s. (1.	£. s. d.
	 Rag Stones, for every .£100. of the Value  	 Sculptured Marble and Statuary, the cwt.  Note. If any Statue, Groupe of Figures, or other Stone or Marble Ornament carved out of the same Block, shall exceed One Ton Weight, the Duty to be charged thereon shall be estimated at the Rate payable for One Ton Weight and no more.  — Slate, the Produce of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney or Man, and imported from those Islands respectively, for every .£100. of the Value -—— Slate of any other Country, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every jCIOO. of the Value -	31 13 4 0 2 9$  41 16 0  G6 10 0	13 6 8
—	— Slates in Frames, the Dozen  —	Slick Stones, the 100  —— Statuary. See Sculptured Marble.  -- the Produce of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney or Man, and imported from those Islands, respectively for every .£100. of the Value  ■	■— Sculptured. See Sculptured Marble.  —	Whet Stones, the 100, containing 5 Score Stone, not particularly enumerated or described, or  otherwise charged with Duty, for every £100. of the Value -Stone Bottles. See Bottles.  Storax, or Styrax ; viz.  ■			 Calamita, or Liquida, imported directly from	0 2 9$ 0 7 11  41 16 0  0 8 85  66 10 0	III 1 0  vi
the Place of its Growth, the lb. - - - - not imported directly from the	0 1 2$;	0 0 6
Place of its Growth, the lb. -—— in the Tear or Gum, imported directly from	rr  CM  O.	0 1 0
the Place of its Growth, the lb. - - - - not imported directly from the	0 8 3|	0 3 6
Place of its Growth, the lb. Straw Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.  	Platting. See Platting.  Stuffs of all Sorts, made of, or mixed with Wool, the Yard - - - -Sturgeon, the Keg not exceeding 5 Gallons Styrax. See Storax.  Succades, the lb. - -Succini SaL See Sal.	0 16 74  0 11 10$ 0 7 1$  0 3 2	0  ** 111  0
Succinuro, the lb.	0 1 7	0 0 8
Succus Liquoritic, or Liquorice Ball or Juice, the cwt.  T t 2	2 19 4$	— )

LjOOQle

C. 129.

54" GEO. III.

A.D.iSi4r

644

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Sugar; viz.  *— not of the British-Plantations ; viz.	£, s, d.	JL, 9. d.
- White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt. - Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the	4 0 8	—■
cwt. - -— ■ of the British Plantations ; viz.	3 3 0	—
- White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt.  - Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the	1 15 0	*
cwt. -  For the Rules, Regulations and Conditions under which the Lords Commissioners of HisMajestv’s Treasury in Ireland are authorized to suspend according to the Average Price of Sugar as published in the London Gazette, either 1 s. in the	1 10 0  ;  -  I  •	*  •
Hundred Weight, 2s. in the Hundred Weight, or 3s. in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Duty on Sugar; See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.  Sugar of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any or either of the Islands of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, imported from aud after the 27th May 1814, may be admitted to Entry until 5th April 1815, at the like Duty as is due and payable on Sugar of the British Plantations. See 54 Geo. 3. *  * Drawback the cwt.; viv.  —— if the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado	i  1  1	!  1
Sugar published in the London Gazette shall	•	1 A /T *
not exceed 58s. the cwt.  - if it shall exceed 58s. the cwt. and not exccvd		19o
60s. the cwt. ... if it shall exceed 60s. the cwt. and' not exceed	—	1 7 6 1 5 6  | O d?
62s. the cwt. ...	—	
■ ■■ - if it shall exceed 62s. the cwt.  All the above Prices are to betaken itv British j Currency, exclusive of the Duties of Custom* paid or payable on the Importation of such Sugar.  In case the Average Pri6e of Sugar, as published in the London Gazette, shall be such as to authorize the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty ’s Treasury in Ireland to suspend the Payment of any Part of the Duty on Sugar, then the Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of Sugar of the British Plantations shall be reduced in		[36
Proportion ; vie. One Shilling, Two Shillings or Three Shillings the cwt. as the case may		
* 0. *7.		. * 1 • !

v^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

£.

Sugar—continued.

be:	See	the	Act	to	which this Schedule is

annexed. And on the Exportation of any such Sugar from Ireland in any other than a British Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, there shall be paid or allowed One Shiuing less Drawback for every Hundred Weight thereof than if the same had been exported in a British Ship or Vessel, so owned, navigated and registered. See 47 Geo. 3. Sess. 1. c. 19. § 4.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Sugar may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

For the Duties on Raw or Clayed Sugars taken out of Warehouse and exported ; See the Schedule B.

Sugar Candy; viz.

— Brown, the cwt.	-

------White, the cwt.	-	-

Sulphur Impressions, for every j£l00. of the Value -

------ Vivum. See Brimstone.

Sun, Raisins of the. See Raisins.

Swan Quills. See Quills.

*--- Skins.	See	Skins.

Sweepwashers’ Dirt, containing Bullion. See Bullion.

Sweet Wood. See JVood.

Swine, as Provisions.

Syrup of Alkermes. See Alkermes.

5 14

9 2 59 7

d.

0

I

6

T.

Tables of Marble polished. See Marble, in Stones.

------ of Slate. See Stones.

Tacamahaca Gum. See Gum.

Tails ; viz.

----- Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox Tails, the Hundred,

containing five Score

—	Fox Tails.

■ Martin Tails.

—	Sable Tails.

----- Squirrel or Calabar Tails.

Talc, the lb.

Tallow, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. *

------- not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Tallow may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

T t 3

See Skin*.

0 5 11

0 0 7 0 3 2 0 3 11

645

Drawback.

£. s. d.

0 2 6

0 0 3

1

li —



646	C.	129-	540	GEO.ni.	A.D.I8I4-

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.  '	Drawback
	£. s. d.	J£. «.
Tallow Candles. See Candles.		
Tamarinds, the lb. - -	0 0 7	0 0 3
Tanners Waste, for every j£100. of the Value	31 13 4	
Tapes; viz.		
— open, for every j£100. of the Value	59 7 6		
—— worsted, for every j£100. of the Value	59 7 6		
Tapestry, not of Silk, for every £\00. of the Value -	59 7 6		
Tapioca, the lb. - -	0 0 4J	—
Tar; viz.		
	imported in a British-built Ship, the Last con-		
taining 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding		
31^ Gallons -	1 1 U	0 9 0
■ — not imported in a British-built Ship, the Last con-		
taining 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding		
31 \ Gallons - - -	1 2 11^	0 9 0
	the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plan-		
tations of The Crown of Great Britain, the Last		
containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceed-		1
ing 31 £ Gallons - •	0 19 41	0 8 2j
For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions		
under which Tar may be secured in approved		
Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3.		
cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.		
— Barbadoes Tar, the lb.	0 0 4}	' 0 0 2[
Tares, for ever)' ,£100. of the Value	31 13 4	—
Tarras, the Bushel -	0 1 2	0 0 6
Tartar, Cream of. See Cream of Tartar.		1
Tea. See Act of this Session # to grant certain Duties		
and Drawbacks on Goods, Wares and Merchandize		
imported into Ireland from any Port or Place within		
the Limits of the Charter granted to the United		
Company of Merchants of England trading to the		
East Indies, and to establish further Regulations for		
the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so im-		
ported.		
Teasels, the 1,000	0 1 7	—
Telescopes, for every jCl 00. of the Value	59 7 6	
Terra ; viz. >		A „ 4
	Japonica, the lb. -	0 0 i	0 0 *
	Sienna,the cwt. ...	1 11 8	
1	Umbra, the cwt. - -	0 11 10£	—
j	Verde, the cwt. -	0 15 10	
|Thread ; viz.		
1	— Bruges Thread, the Dozen lbs.	1 10 5	
1	Cotton Thread, for every .£100. of the Value	85 10 0	
j	Outnal Thread, the Dozen lbs.	1 10 5	
1	Pack Thread, the cwt.	1 4 5	
.	Sisters Thread, the lb. -	0 8 3	
* c. 103.	I	

(^.ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.) —INWARDS.

Thread—con tin ued.

----Whited Brown Thread, the Dozen lbs.

■---not otnerwise enumerated or described, for

every £ 100. of the Yralue Thrown Silk. See Silk.

Thyme, Oil of. See Oil Tieking, for every <£100. of the Value Ticks, for every £100. of the Value Tiffanies. See Wrought Silk, in Silk.

Tiles ; viz.

----Flanders Tiles, the 1,000

----Galley Tiles, the Foot square

----Pan Tiles, the 1,000

—	Paving Tiles, not exceeding 10 Inches square, the

1,000

-	exceeding	10	Inches square, the

1,000 -------Plain Tiles, or any Tiles not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £100. of the Value Timber. See Wood.

Tin, thecwt.	-	-

Tiucsil. See Borax unrefined.

Tinfoil, for every ,£100. of the Value Tobacco, the 100 lbs.	-

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Tobacco may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, until delivered out for Home Trade, Consumption or Manufacture in Ireland; See the Irish Act 37 Geo. 3. cap. 42., and also the Acts 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38., and 52 Geo. 3. cap. 58. Tobacco is subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Tobacco Pipes, for every £ 100. of the Value Tongues ; viz.

--------—	Neats Tongues, the Dozen	-	'	-

---------Rein Deer TQngues, for every £100. of the

Value

Tooth Powder, for every £100. of the Value	*

Tornsal, or Turnsole, the cwt.*

Tortoise Shell, the lb.	-	-

Touch Stones, for every £100. of the Value Tow, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

—	not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions

under which Tow may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Toys, for every £100. of the Value

Tt 4

Duty.	Drawback, j
£. s. d.	£. s. d. |
1 16 5	—
59 7 G	—
59 7 6	
59 7 6	—
1 8 10	0 12 2
0 0 7	0 0 3
5 7 8	2 5 4
3 14 5	1 11 4
6 0 4	2 10 8
79 3 4	33 6 8
4 6 3	1 _
59 7 6		
3 16 6r  !  1  1	!
79 3 4	
0 1 11	—
31 13 4		
59 7 6	—
0 9 10f	—
0 3 11^	0 1 8
31 13 4	—
0 9 6	0 4 0
0 10 3±	0 4 Oj  t
59 7 6	





SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Turpentine

Tragacanth Gum. See Gum.

Train Oil. See Oil.

Trays of Wood, the Dozen Treacle of Venice, the lb.

Trees and Plants. See Flower Roots.

Treenails. See Trunnels.

Trenchers of Wood, the Gross, containing 12 Dozen -Truffles, the lb.

Trunnels, or Treenails, the 1,000 Tubes for smoaking, for every <£100. of the Value Tubs of Wood, for every .£100. of the Value Turbith, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Turbots, Duty-free.

Turmerick, the lb.

Turnery, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every .€100. of the Value Turnsole. See Tornsal.

; viz.

Common, the cwt.

------ of Venice, Scio or Cyprus, the lb.

— -  of Germany, or any other Place, net otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Turpentine may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. Turpentine, Oil of. See Oil.

Tutia Lapis. See Lapis.

Twine, the cwt.	-

Twist, for Bandstrings. See Bandstring Twist.

Tyger Skins. See Skins.

V.

Vaionia, the cwt*	-

Varnish, the cwt.	-	-

Vases; viz.

of Stone or Marble sculptured. See Sculptured Marble, in Stone, of any other Sort, for every .£100. of the Value Vellum, the Skin	-

VeUes. Set Calves V7elves.

Verdegris; viz.

Common, the lb*	-	-

chrystallized, or otherwise manufactured,

\	the lb.

Duty.	Drawback.
jC. i. d..	£• *. d.
0 1 7*	
0 3 6	0 1 6
0 1 11	
0 5 Ci	
0 7 6			
59 7 6	
59 7 6	—
0 2 4$	0 1 0
0 4 9	0 2 0
N  O  O	0 0 3
59 7 6	—
0 4 4i	0 1 10
0 0 91	0 0 4
1 6 1	0110
1 10 10|	
0 2 4j	
0 17 5	0 7 4
59 7 6	
0 7 1/	—
0 3 3	—
0 c $1	—

16





A.D.i8r4*

J4® GEO. m.

C.I2f

*49

Duty.	Drawback.
M. t. d.	£. t. d.
0 0 7	
0 1 lif	0 0 10
57 0 0	
0 16	
©  o  tel-	0 0 3 |
0 1	©  ©
0 11 10£	
0 1	%
	
114 0 0	
59 7 C	
0 3 11-’	
0 o'lJ|	0 0 5
3	18 0
6 3 6	2 12 0
r *  ■ 0 2 4j|	0 1 2[

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Veijuice. See Vinegar.

Vermicelli, the lb.	•	•

Vermiilion, or Cinnabar, the lb.

Ufers. See Wood.

Vinegar, or Verjuice, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Vinelloes, the lb.	-

Violet Leaves. See Leaves.

Vitriol, Oil of. See Oil.

Vitriolum Romanum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. -.	not	imported directly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. -Umber, thecwt.	-

Vomica Nux. See Nux Vomica.

Usquebaugh. See Spirits.

Vulture Feathers, See Feathers.

W.

Wafers, the lb. -	-

Wainscot Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

—------- Logs.	See	Wood.

Walking Canes. See Canes.

------- Sticks. See Sticks.

Walnut Oil. See Oil.

Walnuts. See Nuts.

Washing Balls. See Balls.

Waste Silk. See Silk.

Watch Glasses, for every jflOO. of the Value Watches of Gold, Silver or other Metal, for every ^100. of the Value -	•

Water ; viz.

-------Arquebusade.^

-------Citron.	I

-------Cordial.	> See Spirits.

-------Hungary.	I

-------Lavender.	J

-------Mineral, or Natural Water, the Dozen Bottles

or Flasks, each Bottle or Flask not exceeding 3 Pints	-	-

• Strong Water. See Cordial Water, in Spirits. viz.

-	Bay, or Myrtle Wax, the lb.

• Bees Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt.

-	-	white,	or	manufactured, the cwt. -

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Bees Wax may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geq«3. cap. 38.

-	Hard Wax, the lb.

Wax :





Wax —continued.

—■ ■ Sealing Wax, for every j£100. of the Value — Candles. See Candles.

Weasel Skins. See Skins.

Weed Ashes. See Ashes.

Weld, the cwt.	-	-	-	-

Whale Fin9 ; viz.

■ -- — ■ ■■ taken and caught by the Crew of a British-built Ship or Vessel, wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any such Shipping, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.	-	-

----- taken and caught on the Banks and Shores

of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty’s Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island, ana residing therein, and imported directly from thence in a Bntish-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

■ ■ ■— taken and caught wholly by His Majesty’s Subjects usually residing in any of the Bahama or Bermuda Islands, or in any British Colony or Plantation in North America, and’ imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

-------- taken and caught wholly by His Majesty’s

Subjects usually residing in any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory or Settlement, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law. the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

-------- of Foreign Pishing, the Ton, containing

20 cwt.	...

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Whale Fins of British Fishing may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Whale Fins may be admitted to

Duty.

£. s. d. 59 7 6

0 2 9

£. s. d.

0 1 2

2 7 6

3 3 4!	—

4 15	0	—

6 6 8

95	0	0





Whale Fins — continued.

Entry as of British Fishing; Sec 45 Geo. 3. cap. 18. § 22.

Whale Oil. See Oil.

Wheat. See Corn.

------Flour. See Corn.

Whetstones. See Stones.

Whipcord, the lb.	-	-

Whisk Brooms. See Brooms.

White Boards for Shoemakers. See Boards, in Wood. Wicker Ware, for every j^IOO. of the Value Wick Yarn. See Yarn.

WTine; viz.

-----French Wine,	imported in a British-built Ship,

the	Tun,	containing	252

Gallons

-	not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

-	exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to any British Settlement in the East Indies, to China, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

-	exported to any other Place, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

German Wine. \ See Rhenish Wine.

Hungary Wine. J

Madeira Wine, imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

* not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons - exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

£. 1. d. £. s. d.

0 0 9£;	—

59 7 6	—

135 12 0 139 13 0

—	!12C	3	0

I

—	1121	4	0	|

!

I

1

i

91	0	0	|	—

I	I

94	0	0	i	—	|

84



' 1

o i





SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Wine—Madeira Wine, continued.  - - exported to any other Place, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons	£. $. d.	£. s. d.
		80 17 0
■■ Portugal Wine, imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons	90 6 0	
- ... not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons	93 9 0	
• ... exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to aov of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons		84 0 0
- - exported to any other Place, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons	!	1  80 17 0
■ — Rhenish, German and Hungary Wine,  - ... imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons	Ill 6 0	
- ... not imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons	115 10 0	1  1
• ... exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons		1  !  101 17 0
- - - exported to any other Place, the	1	■ i  96 12 0 :
1 Tun, containing 252 Gallons	—	
■— ■ the Produce of His Majesty’s Settlement of the t , Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependen-		1  / / _
cies thereof,  - - -s imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun, containing		! \ i 1
(. 252 Gallons	,29- fi O-i  ' . 1	',T7?Z —J—
• - - pot imported in a British-built		fis -r
< Ship, the Tun, containing.	. Sa. J	-t?-7 “f
^ 252 Gallons	30 9 0 1	— 1





54. GEO. m.

C* I2p»

653

Wine—of the Cape of Good Hope, &c. continued.

-	exported to any British Colony

or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any of the other Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons ~	-	exported to any other Place,

the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- Spanish and all other Wine not enumerated or described,

-	-	imported	in a British-built

^	Ship,	the Tun, containing

252 Gallons

-	-	not imported in a British-bud t

Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

-	-	exported to any British Colony

or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Possessions of the Crown of Portugal in I South America, or to any of' the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

•	•	exported to any other Place,

the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Wine may be entered on Bond; See 46 Geo. 3. cap. 87., and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Win© Lees, subject to the same Duty arWine, but no Drawback is allowed on Leer of Wine exported. Winteranus Cortex. See Cortex.

Wire, Brass or Copper, not otherwise enumerated or;

described, the cwt. ... —— gilt or plated, for every j£100. of the Value -— iron, not otherwise enumerated or described? the cwt. ------Latten, the cwt.	-

—	Silver, for every JtlO0. of the Value

—	Steel, the lb. -	-	-	-

----- Virginal Wufc of Brass, Copper orlhm, Ae lb.

d.

90 6 0

93	9	0

£. s. d.

28 7 0

27 6 0

84 0 0

80 17 o

5

59

14*

7

5 1*9 5' ? 3 7 0

1	9

2	5

59

0

0

LjOOQle

654

C.i29>

54° GEO. III.

A.D: 1814-

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Woad ; viz.

j-------Green Woad, the cwt. -

-------Thoulouse Woad, the cwt.

Wolf Skins. 4 e C1. i Wolverings. / ee n8,

| Wood ; viz.

I —■---Anchor Stocks ; viz.

-	-	imported in a British-built Ship,

the Piece

-	not	imported	in	a	British-builtj

Ship, the Piece - -j

-	of the Growth and Production!

of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the Piece	-	-i

— Biilks ; viz.

-	-	under 5 Inches Square, and under 24

Feet in Length,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

-	- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120

-	-	5	Inches Square, and under 8 Inches

Square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards,

-	-	- imported in aBritish-built Ship,

the Load of 50 Cubic Feet -

-	-	- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet

-	-	of	all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, of

the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120	-

■ Battens ; viz.

-	-	-	8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding

20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2 JInchesinThick ness,

-	imported in aBritish-built Ship,

the 120	-	-

-	- not imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120	-

-	-	-	exceeding	20	Feet	in	Length,	not.

above 7 Inches in Width, or if exceeding 2} Inches in Thickness,

Duty.	Drawback.
,t. s. d.	£. s. it
0 4 4	0 1 10
0 8 8	0 J 8
0 8 3	0 3 6
0 8 8	0 3 6
0 0 9	—
18 2 9	7 12 8
18 8 11	7 12 8
3 4 11	1 7 4
3 8 1	1 7 *
0 16 2	—
10 11 4	A 9. 0
10 16 1	4 9 0
	«

L^ooQle

AD. 1814.

54* GEO. Ill

C.I2<*





SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty*	Drawback,
Wood—Battens, continued.  - - - imported in a British-built	M. $. d.	t. d.
Ship, the W20 - - not imported in a British-	21 2 9	8 18 0
built Ship, the 120  —— Batten-ends ; viz.  - under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2$ Inches in Thickness,  < - imported in a British-built	21 12 3	8 18 0
Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British-	3 11 3	1 10 0
built Ship, the 120 - - - under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness,  - imported in a British-built	3 13 7	1 10 0
Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British-	7 4 10	3 1 0
built Ship, the 120 —■ ■■ ■ Battens and Batten-ends, of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported	7 8 10	3 1 0
directly from thence, the 120 — Beech Plank; viz.  - - 2 Inches in Thickness or upwards, - - - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic	0 8 3	
Feet  - - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50	2 8 8	1 0 6
Cubic Feet  • - - of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from	2 9 10	1 0 6
thence, the 120 — ■ Beech Quarters ; viz.  - - under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-	0 8 3	
built Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the	4 10 7	1 18 2
120 -	4 12 2	1 18 2

v^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Wood—-Beech Quarters, continued.  . - - 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards,  - - - imported in a British-built Ship, the	£. sw d.	£. ». i
120  - - - not imported in a British-built Ship,	12 3 5	5 2 6
the 120 -• - of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Production t>f the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di-	12 7 0	5 2 6
rectly from thence, the 120  Boards; viz.  - - Beech Boards; viz.  • • • under 2 Indies in Thickness, and under 15 Feet in LehgtH, - - imported in a British-built Ship,	0 16 2	
the 120 - - -• - not imported in a British-built	4 0 5	1 17 8
Ship, the 120 • - under 2 Inches in Thickness, and if 15 Feet in Length or upwards,  - - imported in a British-built Ship,	4 13 5	1 17 8
the 120  - - not imported in a British-built	8 18 11	3 15 4
Ship, the 120 - Clap Boards ; viz.  , - - - - not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches Square,  - - - - imported in a British-built Ship,	9 6 10	3 15 4  - I* A
the 120 - -• - - not imported in a British-built	6 1 11	2 11 4 M 1 1 A
Ship, the 120 * - • - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence,	6 5 1	2 114
the 120 - - -- Linn Boards, or White Boards for Shoemakers ; viz.  • - under 4 Feet in Length, and under 6 Inches in Thicknete,	0 12 3  J	

L^ooQle

A.D.i8i4*	54*	GEO.	HI.	C.i3|.	657

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty. '	Drawback.
	£. s. d.	£. *,
Wood—Boards, Linn Boards, continued.  - • imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -	6 16 6	2 17 6
- - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 12flT	7- O il	2 17 6
- - • - 4 Feet in Length, or 6 Inches in Thickness or upwards,  - - imported in a British-built Ship,		
the 120 -	13 13 1	5 15 0
• - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	14 1 10	5 15 0
-	- - Mill Boards. See in M.  - - Oak Boards ; viz.  -	... under 2 Inches in Thickness,  and under 15 Feet in Length, - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	18 1 0	7 12 0
- - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	18 13 8	7 12 0
- - - - under 2 Inches in Thickness, and if 15 Feet in Length or upwards,  • - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	36 2 0	15 4 0
- - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	37 7 4	15 4 0
-	- - Paling Boards; viz.  -	- - hewed on one Side, and not  exceeding 7 Feet in Length,  1 v imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	1 17 2	0 15 8
- - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120,	1 18 9	0 15 8
- - - hewed on one Side, and exceeding 7 Feet in Length,  - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	3 14 5	1 11 4
- not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	3 17 7	1 11 4
*	- - Paste Boards. See in P.  - Pipe Boards ; viz.  *	- - - above 5 Feet 3 Inches in  Length, and not exceeding 8 Feet in Length, and under 8 Inches Square,  - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	9 2 10	3 17 0
- not imported in a British-0 built Ship, the 120 S4Gko. in. u u 1	| 9 5 3	3 17 0



£**$•

54* GEO. QL

AJ). 1814*



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
	£. *. d.	£. «. A
Wood—Boards, Pipe Boards, continved.  - ... exceeding 8 Feet m Length, and under 8 Inches Square,  - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	18 5 9	7 14 0
- not imported in a British-built Ship the 120	18 10 6	7-14 Oj
• - - - of all Sorts, exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120	0 19 4	
-	- - Scale Boards. See in S.  - - Wainscot Boards; viz.  -	- - - the Foot, containing 12 Feet ; in Length, and 1 Inch in  Thickness, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Length or Thickness,  - - imported in a British-built Ship	0 5 6	0 2 4
• - not imported in a British-built Ship -	0 6 4	0 2 4
« • - of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, th*12>0	0 8 3	
■ ■■ Bowsprits. See Masts.  ■ —• Boxwood of the Growth and Production of the British Coionics, Plantations or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. - -	1 13 3	
- - - of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. -  		 Brazil Wood, not particularly enumerated or  described, or otherwise chaiged with Duty, the Ton, containing 20 cut.	7 18 4  4 15 0	
■■ ■ ■ Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. ...	0 16	- (
1 — — Gam Wood, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.	1 10 0	

(^.ooQle

1814.	540	GEO.	III.	G.	12$.	659

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	drawback.
Wood—continued.  	Deals ; viz.  - - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding H Inches in Thickness,  - - imported in a British-built Ship,	£. s.	£. s. d.
the 120  • - not imported in a British-built	8 2 6	4 6 8
Ship, the 120 - -• - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3 J Inches in Thickness (except Deals not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 1-| Inches in Thickness,)  \ - imported in a British-built Ship,	• 8 6 10	4 6 8
the 120  - - not imported in a British-built	20 15 7	8 15 0
Ship, the 120 -- - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3| Inches in Thickness,  - - imported in a British-built Ship,	21 10 8	8 15 0
the 120  - - not imported in a British-built	41 11 3	17 10 0
Ship, the 120 - -- - above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 4 Inches in Thickness,  - - imported in a British-built Ship,	43 1 4	17 10 0
the 120  - - not imported in a British-built	51 9 2	21 13 4
Ship, the 120 above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding 4 Inches in Thickness, imported in a British-built Ship,	52 16 1	21 13 4
the 120  - - not imported in a British-built	100 6 1	42 4 8
Ship, the 120 -  	Deal Ends ; viz.  - - above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3^ Inches in Thickness,  U u 2	101 17 9	42 4 8



66o

C. 129.

54* GEO. IK.

A.D.1814.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Wood—Deal Ends, continued.  - - imported in a British-built	£. *. d.	£. s. d.
Ship, the 120 -- - not imported in a British-built	7 1 8	2 19 8
Ship, the 120 - - above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3* Inches in Thickness,  - imported in a British-built	7 7 3	2 19 8
Ship, the 120 -- - not imported in a British-	13 14 8	5 15 8
built Ship, the 120 ■ ■ — Deals and Deal Ends, of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported	14 5 0	5 15 8
directly from thence, the 120 ■ ■■■■—■ Ebony, of the Growth and Production of the British Coionics, Plantations or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence re-	0 8 3	
spectively, the Ton, containing20cwt. - *- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton, containing	1 0 8	
20 cwt. -— Firewood ; viz.  - - the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high,  - - - imported in a British-	24 14 0	10 8 0
built Ship -- not imported in a Bri-	0 19 0	0 8 0
tish-built Ship - - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the Fathom 6 Feet	0 19 9	0 8 0
wide and 6 Feet high -— ■ ■« Fir Quarters ; tuas.  • under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length,  - - imported in a British-	0 0 9	
built Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a British-	18 2 7	7 12 8 7 12 8
built Ship, the 120 • - 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square, or if 24 Feet in Length, or upwards.	18 8 11	

LaOOQie

A.6.i8i4*	540	GEO.	III.

C.129.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	_ 1 Duty.	Drawback.
	£. s.	£. s. d.
Wood—Fir Quarters, continued.  - - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, con-taining 50 Cubic Feet	3 4 11	1 7 4
- - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet	3 8 1	1 7 4
• - - of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonics or Plantations in America, * and imported directly from thence, the 120  	Fir Timber. See Timber.  	Fustick, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.  ——■ Guinea Wood. See Red Wood.  - ■ — Handspikes; viz.  - • under 7 Feet in Length,  - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	0 16 2  1	4 6  2	7 6	1 0 0
- - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	2 18 9	1 0 0
- - 7 Feet in Length, or upwards,  - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	4 15 0	2 0 0
• - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	4 IS 2	O  O
-	• of the Growth and Production of  the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence,  -	- under 7 Feet in Length,  the 120  -	- 7 Feet in Length, or up-  wards, the 120  ——— Knees of Oak ; viz.  -	under 5 Inches Square,  - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	0 2 2 0 4 4  0 11 10	O  1 1  O
- - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	0 12 8	O  O
• •* • 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square,  - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	4 17 4	2 1 0
» - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	5 1 8	2 1 0

U u 3

LjOOQ le

66%

C. 129.

54» GEO. III.

AJMvv

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback. ^
Wood—Knees of Oak, continued.  - - - 8 Inches Square, or upwards,  - - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load,	£. s. d.	£. s. d.'
con taining 5 0 C ubic Feet - - i*ot imported in a British-built Ship, the Load,	1 10 10	0 13 0
containing 50 Cubic Feet  •	-• - of the Growth and Production  of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence,  •	under 8 Inches Square,	1 13 3	0 13 0
the 120  - - - - 8 Inches Square, or upwards, the Load, con-	0 8 3	
taining 50 Cubic Feet  —— Lathwood ; viz.  in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length, the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high,	0 5 6	
-	- imported in a British-built Ship  -	- not imported in a British-	4 17 4	2 1 0
built Ship  • - • - in Pieces 5 Feet in Length, or upwards, the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high,  - - imported in a British-built	5 1 8	2 1 0
Ship -- - not imported in a British-	7 4 10	3 1 0
built Ship  .... of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence in Pieces of all Sorts, the Fathom 6 Feet wide	0  GO	3 1 0
and 6 Feet high —■ ■ Lignum Vit®, of the Growth and Production of the British Coionics, Plantations or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton, containing	0 5 11	
20 cut.  - r - - of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or .if otherwise imported, the	0 11 1	1 A A I
Ton, containing 20 cwt.  5	•4 12 |	1 9





A.D. i8?4

54°G£Q, III.

€•*29.

663

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Wood—continued.  	 Logwood, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.  — Mahogany, of the Growth of Bermudas, or of any of the Bahama Islands, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton, containing	£. a d. 0 9 1	£. a d.
20 cwt. -- of the Growth of the British Limits within the Province of Yucatan, in the Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from the said Bay,	3 16 0	1 12 0
the Ton, containing 20 cwt.  - not imported directly from Bermudas, or from any of the Bahama Islands, or not imported directly from the Bay of Honduras, or any Mahogany being of the Growth of any other Country or Place, the Ton,	3 16 0 •	1 12 0
Containing 20 cwt.  	Masts, Yards or Bowsprits ; viz.  - 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches,  - - - imported in a British-	11 17 6	1 12 0
built Ship, each - - - not imported in a British-	0 9 6	0 4 0
built Ship, each - - - 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 Inches,  - - - imported in a British-	0 11 1	0 4 0
built Ship, each - - - not imported in a British-	1 6 1	0 11 0
built Ship, each - « - 12 Inches hi Diameter, or upwards,  - - - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic	1 7 8	0 11 0
Feet  - - - not imported in aBritish-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic	3 4 11	17 4
Feet  " " - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence,  * * - 6 Inches in Diameter,	3 8 1	1 7 4
andunder 8 Inches, each Uu 4	0 3 2	0 1 4





C.T29*

54° GEO, in.

A 1814.

664

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	1 ■" ..—7 Duty*	Drawback.
—	z. /.	£7 \' d.
Wood—Masts. &c. continued.  - • - 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 Inches, each	0 8 3	0 3 6
- - -12 Inches in Diameter, or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet	1 10 5	0 12 10
For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Masts, Yards and Bowsprits, or Timber fit for Naval Purposes, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, may be imported from thence, Duty-free; See 46 Geo.3. cap. 117., continued by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 19., to the 25th March 1810, and by 52 Geo. 3. cap. 33., further continued until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present War.  ■ ■ ■ -• Nicaragua Wood, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.	1 6 1	
■ -■ ■■ - Oak Plank ; viz.  - - - 2 Inches in Thickness or upw’ards, - - - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet -	5 16 4	2 9 0
- - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet	6 4 0	2 9 0
- - - of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120	0 8 3	
—— Oak Timber. See Timber.  ■ ■— Oars ; viz.  - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	14 19 3	6 6 0
- - not imported in a British-built Ship, the 120	15 8 9	6 6 0
- - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120	0 19 4	
■■ Olive Wood, of the Growth and Production of the British Coionics, Plantations or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence ' respectively, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.	0 12 3	



A.D.i8i4«	54°	GEO.	III.	C.129.	66$

SCHEDULE (A.)—inwards.	Duty.	Drawback.
Wood—Olive Wood, continued.  - - - of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the	£. s. d.	£. t. d. ^
Ton, containing 20 cwt.  	Red or Guinea Wood, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.	8 9 5 1 18 0	3 11 4
	Rose Wood, the cwt. -  	Round Wood ; viz.  - in Pieces under 8 Inches Square,  and under 6 Feet in Length,  - imported in a British-	2 5 €	0 19 2
built Ship, the 120 • not imported in a British-built Ship,	2 4 8	0 18 10 I
the 120 - -- - - in Pieces under 8 Inches Square,  and if 6 Feet in Length, or upwards,  - imported in a British-	2 6 3	0 18 10 j
built Ship, the 120 • • not imported in aBri-tish-built Ship,	4 9 5	1 17 8
the 120  - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, in Pieces of all Sorts under 8 Inches Square, the 120  —1 Spars ; viz.  - - under 22 Feet in Length, and under 4  Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, - --- imported in a British-	4 12 7 0 3 2	1 17 8
built Ship, the 120* - - not imported in a British-built Ship, the	2 16 2	13 8
120  • - 22 Feet in Length or upwards, and under 4 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark,  • • imported in a British-	2 19 4	1 3 8
j built Ship, the 120 • [ - not imported in a Bri-1 tish-built Ship, the	4 17 4	2 10
120	5 1 4	2 10

CjOOQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Wood—Spars, continued.  - 4 Inches in Diameter, and under 6 Inches, exclusive of the Bark,  - - - - imported in a British-	£. s. d.	£. ». <L
built Ship, the 120 -- - not imported in a British-built Ship, the	10 11 4	4 9 0
120  - - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, of all Sorts, under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark,	10 19 3	4 9 0
the 120 -—— Speckled Wood, of the Growth and Production of the British Coionics, Plantations or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton, con-	0 16 2	
taining 20 cwt.  . - - - of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton, containing	0 16 2	
20 cwt. -  	 Spokes for Wheels ; viz.  - not exceeding 2 Feet in Length,  - - imported in a British-built Ship,	8 14 2	3 13 4
the 1,000 - not imported in a British-built Ship,	3 7 3	1 8 4
the 1,000  . - exceeding 2 Feet in Length, - - imported in a British-built Ship,	3 10 0	1 8 4
the 1,000 - - not imported in a British-built Ship,	6 14 7	2 16 8
the 1,000  » - - - of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from	7 0 1	2 16 8
thence, the 1,000   CjOO^Ic	0 6 4	

667

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty,	Drawback.
Wood—continued.  	 Staves ; viz.  - - not exceeding 36 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches In Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,  - - imported in a British-built Ship,	£. s. d.	£. s. d.
the 120  • - not imported in a British-built	1 6 1	0 110
Ship, the 120 - - above 36 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,  - - imported in a British-built Ship,	1 6 11	0 110
the 120 -- - not imported in a British-built	2 9 1	1 0 8
Ship, the 120 -- - above 50 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 60 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,  - - imported in a British-built Ship,	2 10 8	1 0 8
the 120 -- - not imported in a British-built	3 4 11	1 7 4
Ship, the 120 -- - above 60 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,  - imported in a British-built Ship,	3 7 3	1 7 4
the 120  - • not imported in a British-built	4 15 9	2 0 4
Ship, the 120 -• - above 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,  - - imported in a British-built Ship,	4 18 2	2 0 4
the 120 - -- not imported in a British-built	5 8 5	2 5 8
Ship, the 120 -- - being the Growth and Production of any of the United States of America, or of the Growth and Production of East or West Florida, and imported	5 14 0	2 5 8

v^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

£.

Duty.

8.

Drawback.

d.

£.

8. d.

Wood—Staves, continued.

directly from thence respectively, not exceeding 1 J Inch in Thickness, shall be charged with One Third Part only of the Duties hereinbefore imposed on Staves.

-	-	above	3 Inches in Thickness, or above

7 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Clap Boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

-	-	above	3	Inches	in Thickness, or above

7 Inches in Breadth, and exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Pipe Boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

•	*	of	the	Growth	and Production of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, of all Sorts, not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120	-

•	.of all Sorts, exceeding 50 Inches in

Length, the 120	-	-	-

------ Sweet Wood, of the Growth and Production of

the British Coionics, Planta-^ tions or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

— ■■■- Timber; viz.

-	• - Fir Timber of the Growth of Norway,

and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches Square and upwards,

-	-	-	in	a	British-built Ship, the

Load, containing 5 0 Cubic Feet

-	-	•	not	in a British-built Ship,

the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet -

-	- - not otherwise charged with Duty, 8

I nches Sqdare or upwards,

-	imported	in	a	British-built

Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

0 1 2 0 2 4

0 16 2 10 12 11

3 4 11 3 8 1

3 4 11

4 9 8

1 7 4 1 7 4

1 7 4



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.	Drawback.
>. s. d.	£. s. d.
3 8 I	1 7 4
0 2 4	—
3 1 9	1 6 0
3 4 11	1 6 0
0 5 6	—
1 12 5	0 13 8
1 14 0	0 13 8
0 2 4	

Wood—Timber, continued.

-	not imported in a British-

built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet -

-	-	- of the Growth and Production of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

—	Oak Timber ; viz.

- 8 Inches Square or upwards,

-	-	imported	in	a British-

built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

-	- not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

*	-	-	of the Growth and Production of

the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

—	Timber of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 Inches Square or upwards,

-	-	-	-	imported	in	a	British-built

Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

-	not	imported	in	a	British-

built Ship, theLoad, containing 50 Cubic Feet

—	Timber of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated

or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, being 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet	-

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Timber fit for Naval Purposes, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, may be imported from thenceDuty-free; See 46fGeo.3. cap. 117., continued by 48Geo. 3. cap. 19., until 25 March



C. 129.

$4° peo. in.

A.D* 1814*

670

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	t>uty.	Drawback	1
Wood—Timber, continued.  1810, and by 52 Geo. 3. c. 33., further continued until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present War.  	 Ufers,  - - under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length,  - - imported in a British-built Ship,	£. s. d.	£. *. d	i  1
the 120  . • not imported in a British-built	18 2 7	7 12 8	
Ship, the 120 -• - 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards,  - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic	18 8 11	7 12 8	*  i
Feet -• - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50	3 4 11	1 7 4	
Cubic Feet  - - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, of all Sorts, under 8 Inches	3 8 1	1 7 4	
Square, the 120  —	 Wainscot Logs ; viz.  	being 8 Inches Square or upwards,  - - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic	0 16 2		j
Feet  • - not imported in a British-built Ship, the Load, containing 50	4 9 5	1 17 s  J	
Cubic Feet  - • - - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, being 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet  	 Yards. See Masts.  	 unmanufactured, of the Growth and Production  of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, not . . particularly eninnerated or)	4 12 7 0 5 6	I 17 S	1  1





SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wood—unmanufactured, continued.

described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every €100. of the Value --	-	of	the Growth or Production

of the British Limits within the Province of Yucatan, in the Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from the said Bay, for every €100. of the Value

-	not	particularly	enumerated

or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every €100. of the Value,

-	-	•	imported in a British-

built Ship

-	-	-	not imported in a Bri-

tish-built Ship

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Mahogany, Staves, Timber and other Wood, may be secured in approved Places without Payment of Duty ; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

Wood Ashes. See Ashes.

Wood Scoops. See Scoops.

Wooden Clocks. See Clocks.

Wool; viz.

------Beaver Wool, the lb.	-

-	cut	and	combed	(except combed

in Russia and imported from thence in a British-built Skip), the lb.

------ Carmenia. See Goat Hair,. in Hair.

------Coney Wool, the lb.	-

—— Cotton Wool; viz.

-	imported	in	a	British-built Ship,

the 100 lbs.

-	not	imported	in a British-built

Ship, the 100 lbs.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restriction^ under which Cotton Wool may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32, and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38. —	Goat Wool. See Goat Hair,	in Hair.

-----Hare’s Wool, the cwt.

-----	Lamb’s Wool. See Sheep’s	Wool.

—-	Ostrich, or Estrich Wool,

•	imported	in	a	British-built Ship,

the cwt.

sS. 8. d.

5 16 9

5 16 9

31 13 4 33 5 0

0	I 7

1	14 0

0	4 3

0 16 11 15 6

1	1	9

0 7 11





671

Drawback. £. s. d.

13 6 8j 13 6 8

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wool—Ostrich, kc. continued.

-	not	imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt. •

------ Polonia Wool, the cut. -

------ Red Wool, the cwt. -

------ Sheep’s Wool, or Lamb’s Wool, the cwt.

------ Spanish Wool, the cwt.

------Turkey Goat’s Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair.

Woollen Cloths, all manner of, the Yard —— Stuffs. See Studs.

--------Yarn. See Yarn.

Worm Seed. See Seed.

Worsted Tapes. See Tapes.

--------Yarn. See Yarn.

Y.

Yards. See Masts, in Wood.

Yarn ; viz.

----- Cable Yam, the cwt. -

-----Camel, or Mohair Yarn, the lb. •	-

—	— Cotton Yam, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which Cotton Yarn and Mohair Yam may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty; See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., and 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38.

—	Grogram Yam, the lb.	-

—- Raw Linen Yarn, made of Flax,

-	imported in a British-built

Ship, the cwt.

-	not imported in a British-

built Ship, the cwt.

■ Raw Linen Yam, not made of Flax,

-	-	-	imported	in	a	British-built

Ship, the cwt. not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

----- Wick Yam, the cwt. ...

——-Woollen or Bay Yarn, the cwt.

----- Worsted Yam, being of Two or more Threads,

twisted or thrown, the lb.

■ of any other Sort, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every .£100. of the Value Yellow Berries. See Berries.

Duty.

Drawback.

£. s. d.

15 10

11

11

11

11

1 14 0

1	1	4

0 1 7 0 0 9

0	1	7
0	0	9
1	0	7
0	3	11
1	3	9
4	8	8
1	10	1
0	1	7
59	7	6

£. *. d.

0 0 8

0 0 8





SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

Zaflre, for every .€100. of the Value Zedoaria, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. -—— not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. -

GOODS, Wares and Merchandize, being either in Part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not being prohibited to be imported into or used in Ireland, and not being exempt from Duty, by the Act to which this Schedule is annexed, for every .€100. of the Value -

GOODS, .Wares and Merchandise, not being either in Part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not being prohibited to be imported* into or used in Ireland, and not being exempt from Duty, by the Act to which this Schedule is annexed, for __________every	,€100.	of the Value

£.	s.	d.		a.	d.
31	13	4	13	6	8
0	1	2	0	0	6
0	2	4	0	1	0

59 7 6

•	i

*	t

31 13 4 J 13	8

SCHEDULE X».)

DUTIES payable upon the Exportation of Foreign Merchandize from Ireland to any Country or Place except Great Britain.

OUTWARDS.			Duty.	
			£.	d.
Agaric; viz.				
	rough or untrimmed, the lb. •	-	-	0 0	r
	trimmed or pared, the lb.	*	.	0 0	6
Ammoniacum Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus.				
Annotto, the lb.	m	-	0 0	2
Antimonium Crudum, the cwt.	m	-	0 0	6
Aquafortis, the Gallon -	.		0 0	6
Arabic Gum. See Gum.				I
Argol, the cwt. -	m		0 1	0
' Arsenic, the cwt. - -		-	0 6	4

emu, iuc	•	•

54 Geo. III.	X	x

(^.ooQle

674

C. 129.

54" QEO. HI.



Bay Berries, the cwt.

Beaver Skins, the Skin or Piece of Skin Wool. See Wool.

Brazil Wood.	w ,

Braziletto, or Jamaica Wood. J **ee 00 *

Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis Calaminaris.

Cochineal, the lb.

Cream of Tartar, the cwt. -Fustic. See Wood.

Galls, the cwt. ...

Gem Sal. See Sal.

Guinea Wood. See Red Wood, in Wood.

Gum ; viz.

—	Arabic, the cwt. *

—	Senega, the cwt.

—	Stick Lac, the cwt.	-	-

Jamaica Wood. See Braziletto Wood, in Wood.

Indigo, East India, the 100 lbs..

Isinglass, the cwt. -Lapis Calaminaris, for every 4100. of the Value Linen, plain; Linen of all Sorts, except Sail Cloth, warehoused

under the Regulations of the Act of 48 Geo. 3. cap. 32., or 50 Geo. 3. cap. 38., and which shall be exported from any such Warehouse, tor every j£100. of the true and real Value thereof Litmus, the cwt.	-

Logwood. See Wood.

Madder, the cwt.	*	-

------Root; the cwt.	-	•

Nicaragua Wood. See Wood.

Orchal, the cwt.	-	-

Orchelia, the cwt. *	-	*•

Pomegranate Peels, the cwt. -Red or Guinea Wood. See Wood.

Safflower, the lb.	•	-

Sal £ vtz.

—• Ammoniacus, the cwt. -	-

—— Gem, ithe cwt.	•

Sapan Wood. See Wood.

Saunders, Red, the cwt. -Senega Gum. See Gum.

Schumac, or Sumach, the cwt. -Stic Lack. See Gum.

Sugar, Any Raw or Clayed Sugars of the Produce of the British Plantations, or of the Islands of Martinique, Mariega-lante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin’s and Saba, warehoused, on which the Duties of Customs shall not have been paid, which shall be exported, or shipped for Exportation, from any such Warehouse, shall be subject and liable to the Portion of Duty following; toe*

£. «. d. 0 0 4 0 1 0

0 0 6 0 1 8

0 1 8

2 9 0 0 8 8 0 6 4

0 14 4

0 1 4 8 0 0

15 0 0 0 1 0

1 4 6 4

I 8 1 0

0 0 8 0 0 2

6 4 6 4

0 1 2 0 0 8



SCHEDULE (B.)—OUTWARDS.

Duty.

Sugar—con tinned,

----if the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar published

in the London Gazette shall not exceed 58a. the cwt.

-	Brown	or	Muscovado Sugar, exported in a British

Ship, the cwt.

-	exported	in	a	Foreign Ship,

the cwt. -

-	White	or	Clayed	Sugar, exported in a British Ship,

the cwt.

-	exported	in	a	Foreign	Ship,

the cwt. -

—	if the Average Price shall exceed 58s. and not exceed 60s.

the cwt.

•	Brown	or	Muscovado Sugar, exported in a British

Ship, the cwt.

-	exported	in	a	Foreign	Ship,

the cwt. -

-	White	or	Clayed Sugar, exported in a British

Ship, the cwt. -

-	-	-	- exported in a Foreign Ship,

the cwt.

—— if the Average Price shall exceed 60s. and not exceed 62s. the cwt.

-	Brown	or	Muscovado Sugar, exported in a British

Ship, the cwt.

- exported in a Foreign Ship, the cwt.

-	White	or	Clayed Sugar, exported iu a British

Ship, the cwt.

-	exported	in	a	Foreign	Ship,

the cm.

—	if the Average Price shall exceed 62s. the cwt.

-	Brown	or	Muscovado Sugar, exported in a British

Ship, the cwt.

-	-	- exported in a Foreign

the cm. -

-	White	or	Clayed Sugar, exported in a British

Ship, the cwt.

-	exported	in	a	Foreign	Ship,

the cwt. -

Torasal, or Turnso’e, the cwt.

Vaionia, the cm. -Verdigris, the lb.	-	-

Wood; viz.

----Brazil Wood, the cm. -

—	Braziletto, or Jamaica Wood, the cwt.

—— Fustic, the cwt.	...

—	Logwood, the cm.	-

-	-	-	exported	in a British-built Ship

Xx 2

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

d.

0 6 1 6

5	6

6	6

6

6

6

6

4	6

5	6

0 10

0 6 0 7 0 11

6

6

6

6

6

6

4

0 12 0 6 0 6 0 0 0 2

0 1 8 0 1 0 0 0 4 0 1 8 Free.



6y$ C. 1^9,130.	54*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1814.

SCHEDULE (B.)—OUTWARDS.	Duty.
Wood—continued.  	 —- Nicaragua Wood, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. *  	 Red or Guinea Wood, the cwt. -  	 Sapan Wood, the cwt. - - •  Wool ; viz.  	Beaver Wool, the lb. -	00 CO GO  000 0  Hi

SCHEDULE (C.)

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES upon Silk Manufadures of Great Britain, imported into Ireland directly from thence.

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES.	Duty.
	£. *. d.
Upon all Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only, the lb. of 16 Ounces -	0 3 8
Upon all Silks and Ribbons of Silk mixed with Gold and Silver, tbe	
lb. of 16 Ounces - - -	0 4 9
Upon all Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces,	
Stitching and Sewing Silk, the lb. of 16 Ounces	0 2 2
Upon ail Manufactures of Silk not otherwise enumerated or	
described, the lb. of 16 Ounces ...	0 2 10
Upon all Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yarn, the lb. of 16 Ounces -	0 0 10
Upon all Stuffs of Silk mixed with Inkle or Cotton, the lb. of 16	
Ounces -	0 1 3
Upon all Stuffs of Silk and Worsted mixed, the lb. of 16 Ounces	0 0 7
Upon all Stuffs of Silk mixed with any other Material, the lb. of	
16 Ounces -	0 0 11

370.3. (I.) <.51.

f1-

J*o.

CAP. cxxx.

An Ad to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Reftridion imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cafh in Payment, the several Ads for confirming and continuing the Reftridions on Payments in Cafh by the Bank of Ireland.	[25th July	1814.]

*	\Y7HEREAS by an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland

*	V V in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His prefect

1 Mnjessy, intituled An Aft for confirming and continuing for a limited

*	time the Rcjiriftions contained in the Minute of Council of the Second

4 Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, on

4 Payments in Cafh by the Ranh, it is, amongst other tilings, euacted,

*	That it shall not be lawful for the Governor and Company pf tbe

4 Bank of Ireland to illue any Cafh in Payment of any Debt qjr JJe-

*	mand whatsoever, except according to the Provifipus thetsip tf>0-

*	tained ; and that the Paid Ad shall be in fiance and have Continuance

* until

CjOOQ le

*77

A.D. 1814.	$4"GEO. III. C. 130,131.

‘ until Three Months after the Reftriftion imposed by an Aft of

*	the Parliament of Great Britain on the Governor and Company

*	of the Bank of England from issuing Ca(h in Payment shall cease,

4 unless the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland (hould

*	by an Order of Council direct that the said Reftriftion on the

*	Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland {hould sooner 1 cease : And Whereas by an Aft, passed in the Parliament of the 43G.3. c. 44-

*	United Kingdom in the Forty third Year of His present Majefty’s 1 Reign, the said recited Aft of the Parliament of Ireland was € amended and further continued ; and by an Aft made in the Forty 4 fourth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, both the said recited

*	Afts were further continued: And Whereas it is expedient to [44 O.3.C.21.] 4 continue for a further time the said recited Afts of the Thirty

*	feventh and Forty third Years aforefaidP May it therefore pleale

Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the continued until (aid recited Afts of the Thirty seventh and Forty third Years of	^

His present Majefty’s Reign shall have Continuance until the Expira- af ReitrSiou tion of Three Calendar Months next after any Reftriftion imposed or on Bank of

to be imposed by any Aft (a) made or to be made in this present England. Seffion of Parliament on the Governor and Company of the Bank Exception, of England from issuing Cafh in Payments shall cease, unless the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland shall, by an Order of Couneil, direct that the said Reftriftion on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall sooner cease.	(a)	[See	c. 52. ante.]

[See as to Bani of England, c. 99. ante.]

CAP. CXXXI.

An Aft to provide for the better Execution of the Laws irt Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional Conftables in Counties, in certain cases.

[25th July 1814.]

*	TT THERE AS Difturbances have from time to time existed in

*	VV different Parts of Ireland, for the Suppreflion whereof the

*	ordinary Police hath been found infuflicient, and it is expedient € that Provifion should be made for such cases :* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, That, from and after the palling Chief Magiftra|» of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieu- of p?llce! tenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the aPP0*nt,d* time being, by the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, to declare by Proclamation, that any County, County of a City or County

of a Town in Ireland, or any Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or ifelf Baronies in any County at large, to be therein specified, is or are' in & State of Difturbance, and requires or requite an extra*’ ordinary Eftabliftiment of Police; and thereupon it shall and may be* lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor oT Governor^ <Sf Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under Hand' am! Sekl, to appoint One Chief Magiftrate of Police for fu^h County,

Xx ,	or

CjOOQIC

<S7*

C.131.

54* GEO. HI.

AJ5.1814.

Chief Magif-trate to take Oaths, and have Powers of Juftice of Peace;

and reside in the County for which he is

Mar*

Chief

fee- to Utyt-

Reftdwrt JufHew to he aiding the Chief Magif-t*at«,aadto deliver in Exa-

or for any Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, which may be so drfturbed, so that if there shall be more than One such Barony or Half Barony, there may be either One or more such Chief Magidrate or Magidrates, not exceeding One for each Barony or Half Barony, as shall seem bed ; and the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have full Power from time to time to remove any such Chief Magidrate, and upon such or any Vacancy or Vacancies to appoint One or more Chief Magidrate or Magidrates, either according to the fame Arrangement, or to any other which the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall think proper to make as aforesaid.

II.	And be it further enacted, That every such Chief Magidrate shall forthwith take the Oaths which shall be then required by Law to be taken by Magidrates in Ireland; and thereupon such Chief Magidrate, so long as he shall continue to hold the (aid Office, shall, without further Appointment or Commission, have all the Powers of a Judice of the Peace, and be to all Intents and Purpofes a Judice of the Peace, in, of and for the County for which or for any Part of which he shall be so appointed Chief Magidrate, and of and for each and every County adjoining thereto, in such Parts of every such adjoining County as shall be within Seven Miles of such didurbed Didrift.

III.	And be it further enacted, That every such Chief Magidrate shall forthwith repair to the County, DidriA, Barony or Half Barony, for which he shall be so appointed Chief Magidrate, and shall be resident therein, and shall not depart therefrom, without the previous Permiffion of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, signified to him in Writing by the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence, by the Under Secretary for the Civil Department, unless in and for the immediate and urgent Execution of the Duty of the said Office of Chief Magidrate.

lv. And be it further enaAed, That every such Chief Magidrate, while he shall hold the said Office, shall have and receive a Salary of Seven hundred Pounds Sterling by the Year, and rateably for any lesser Period in manner hereinafter mentioned ; and shall have a. suitable House, Furnitute and Outhouses, within the County or Place for which he shall be so appointed Chief Magidrate, and in or adjoining to such House a suitable and proper Office for the Dif-charge of his Bufiaefs, the fame rcfpeAively to be paid and provided io manner hereinafter mentioned ; and such House, Out Offices and x Office of Bufinefs, to be fiich as the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, (haO direA and approve.

V. And be it further enaAed, That each and every Judice of the Peace resident in the County or DidriA for. which such Chief Magiftrate shall be so appointed, shall be aiding and affiding in such their Capacity of Judice of the Peace to such Chief Magidrate; and every Judice of the Peace for such County in which such Chief Magidrate shall reside, shall, during such Residence, deliver or caofe to be delivered to such Chief Magidrate, as speedily as the nature of each case shall admit of, aS and every Examination, Information Or IttfcUigcQcei which ha dull take or j^ve, concerning any Offence

10





A.D. i8i4*	54° GEO. Ill,	C. 131.1	679

committed or intended to be committed within the County or Diftrift for which such Chief Magiftrate shall be so appointed.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Lord Licut®; to and for the LordLieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governor*

of Ireland for the time being) to appoint, for the Aid and Support chief Magif-

of any such Chief Magistrates, and to remove at his or their Pleasure, tme, and also a

a Clerk, and also a Chief Constable, and any Number of Sub Con-' thief ConftabU

(tables, not exceeding Fifty in the whole, or any such lesser Number,	^ou"

as to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governor* 4 ***

for the time being, may seem necessary and proper from time to time,

and to order such Arms and Accoutrements to be delivered to fuch

Chief and Sub Constables, and also to order such Horfes and Saddles

and Bridles for the fame, to be purchased and provided for fuch

Chief and Sub Constables, or any of them, as occasion may require,

and such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors

of Ireland for the time being, shall think proper; and such Chief

Constable and Sub Conftables of and for the lame County or Counties

for which such Chief Magiftrate shall be a Juftice of the Peace as

aforesaid, shall attend such Chief Magistrate, and obey and execute

his lawful Warrants, Orders and Commands, and shall not attend

any other Magiftrate or Magistrates of any such County, unless by

the express Orders of such Chief Magiftrate.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to every	f

:	fuch Clerk a Salary not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds Constable, !nd

by the Year, and to every such Chief Constable a Salary not exceed- petty Coning One hundred and fifty Pounds by the Year, and to every such liable*.

Petty Constable a Salary not exceeding Fifty Pounds by the Year, and rateably to each and every of the said Perfons for any lesser Period in manner hereinafter mentioned; and shall have luitable Lodgings provided for them, in case the fame shall be thought

< necessary, and shall be directed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That every such Chief Magif- Chief Magif-

* trate shall once in every Week, and oftener if necessary, make a WeeWyiotht Return in Writing, signed by himself, to the Lord Lieutenant, or Lieu-other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, tenant, a State wherein shall be fet forth a true and accurate Account of the State of the County of the County or Place for which he shall be so appointed, and of	hc

the several Meafures taken by him, or with his Knowledge or Privity,	a^*

for or towards the Prefervation or Reftoration of Peace and good Order therein, and of the Conduct of the Chief and Sub Conftables under his Command, and of all other Perfons, so far as the fame may contribute or tend to the Reftoration or Prefervation of Peace and good Order a* aforesaid.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful Lord Unite and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governor* tenant may de-of Ireland for the time being, by the Advice of the Privy Council of

Ireland, to declare by Proclamation that such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Barony or Half Barony, so pro- reft0red to claimed as aforesaid, is restored to Peace and good Order; and if such Peace and good Declaration of Peace and good Order shall extend to the whole Order. Couhty, or to all such Part and Parts thereof as had been so proclaimed, then and from thenceforth the Office of all and every such Chief Magistrate, Qerk and Chief Constable and Sub Conftable

X x 4	therein



4f»

Power to the Lord Lieutenant of lessening the Number of Conftables appointed.

Proportion of Salaries to Chief Magistrate, Sec, if the County if reduced to Peace within certain Period*.

Salaries and Ei-pences to be defrayed by Pre-fentmenu

C«i3li	GEO,	lit	AJL1S14.

therein fb*ll c^afe and determine; but ifaayPolt flwB fttH rtmim i* a State of Difturbaace, then and from thenceforth- every fuckChief Magi ft rate who has within his Diftrift any didurbed Barony or Half Barony, Baronies or Half Baronies, and each and every Clerk, and Chief Constable and Sub Constable tinder his Authority, shall continue to aft for such Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, unless it shall be otherwise ordered by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being 5 and every such Chief Magiflrate who shall not have any disturbed Barony or Half Baoony within his District, and every Clerk, and Chief and Sub Constable under him, shall forthwith ceafe- to hold such Office respectively: Provided always, that it shall be larwful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors oi Ireland, to reduce the Number of Conftables in any such disturbed Diftrift from time to time, as to him or them shall seem fitting or expedient, at any time before such Diftrift shall be fully restored to Peace and good Order.

X.	Provided also, and be it further enacted. That whenever it shall happen that any County, or any Barony or Half Barony, which' shall at any time under this Aft be proclaimed or declared to be ia a State of Difturbance, shall be restored to Peace and good Order* within any time less than Twelve Calendar Months from the time when the fame was so proclaimed or declared in a State of Diflurb-ance, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct that for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, within which such County, Barony or Half Barony, shall be declared to be restored to Peace and good Order, there shall be allowed and paid to any Chief Magiflrate who shall have been appointed in tach Ccranty, Barony or Half Barony, under this Aft, any Sum not exceeding Two hundred and fifty Pounds, as and for a Proportion of his yearly Salary on such Occanon; and to any Clerk or Chief Constable fa appointed, any Sum not exceeding Sixty Pounds ; and to any other Constable so appointed, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds? and that for any time exceeding Three Calendar Months, and not exceeding Six Calendar Months, within which such County, Barony or Half Barony, shall be declared to be restored to Peace and good Order, there (nail be allowed and paid to such Chief Magiflrate any Sum not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, and to such Clerk or Chief Constable any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds# and to every such other Constable a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, as to such Lord Lieutenant, or' other Chief Governor or Governor* of Ireland, shall seem fitting and expedient; and all and every such Sum or Sums shall be raised and paid in manner hereinafter jaentmoed and provided; and in case such County, Barony or Half Barony, shall be restored to Peace and good Order at any time after Sm Calendar Months from the time when the fame were so prodnned or declared in a State of Diftnrbance, then there shall be obtained and paid to such Chief Magifirate, Clerk, Chief Constable and* Com liable* respectively, a proportionate Part of thttr Salaries, cikslad after the whole annual Rate of such Salaries respectively.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That the federal .Sarnies and tha Proportions thereof, or Allowances heretn-before directed to be paid and givea to such Chief Magifirate, Clerk* Chief Coetobk-aad

Co*



A.D.1&14*

54* GEQ^HL

C.13 n

6% 1

CooflaWee, and aB Renta and Taxes, and all other Cofh and Charges of the House and Appurtenances to be provided for any such Chief Magiflrate as aforesaid, and of purchasing and providing any Horfes with their Saddles and Bndles which Occafion may require, or may be found necessary for the said Chief Conilable or Conllables, and all other reasonable and necessary Coils, Charges and Expences of the said Eflablifliment, shall be borne and defrayed by Prefentment in manner following ; that is to fay, the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, which or any Part of which shall be so proclaimed, shall, at each Affizes or Prefenting Term, prefeat all such of the Salaries, Payments, Rents, Taxes, Cofts, Charges and Expcnces aforesaid, as have not been theretofore presented, the fame being duly vouched by Affidavit, and it being duly certified by such Chief Magiilrate of such proclaimed County, Barony or Half Barony, that such Conilables respectively have faithfully and a&ively discharged the Duties of their said Office ; the said Sums to be raised of such County, if the whole thereof shall be then so proclaimed, and if not, then of the Barony or Baronies, or Half Barony or Baronies, for which such Chief Magif-rate shall have been so appointed.

XII.	Provided always, and he it further ena6led, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to order and direct the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the said Office, to ifTue out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland all such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they shall from time to time think necessary, on account of all such Salaries, Coils, Charges and Expences respectively, at such times and in such manner as iuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall order and direct; and all Sum9 which shall be levied under any such Presentments as aforesaid, shall by the Treasurer of the County be paid to the Colle&or of Excife of the District, to be by him4appued in like manner as any other Pgblic Money in his Hands.

XIII.	And he it further enabled, That the Judge or Judges at such Aflize8, or the Court at such Prefenting Term, shall not fiat any other Presentment, until the said several Presentments shall have been first granted by the Grand Jury.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That if on any Occafion, or in any Court of Law or Equity, Civil or Criminal, any Queflion shall arise concerning any such Proclamation, or the Appointment or Qualification of any of the (aid Officers, common Reputation shall be deemed, taken and received as sufficient Evidence of such and every such Matter; unless by contrary Evidence a reasonable Doubt shall be raised as to the Truth of such Reputation.

XV.	And be it further enacted, that when and as soon as such Countv, County of a City, County of a Town, Barony, Half Barony ot Di{tn& (hafl be declared to he reilored to Peace and good Order as aforesaid, all and eveiy the Arms and Accoutrements which Audi have been delivered to iuch Chief Constable or Sub Conilables, and as shall be then remaining, shall be forthwith delivered to such Perfonfc and at such Time and Puce, and to be kept and disposed of in fuck manner as the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being shall direct or appoint *r and that all Horfes, with-their Saddles and BridkAt which may have beta found necessary to be provided for the Chief

Con*

Salaries paid cut of Confolidated Fund.

Prefentment* to. have Precedence

Where Doubt* aiife on Proclamation, coo*-roon Reputation Evidence.

When!

and good Ordor restored. Arm#, See. delivered up.





682

C. iji.

j4bGE0.HL

A.D. 1814.

Conftables not delivering up Arms to Per-fons deputed to receive them.

Penalty.

170.3. (1.)

c. 40.

3* G.3< c. 16.

0)

Grand Juries may appoint Con(l.tbles,not-withftanding Counties are divided into Diftri&s.

Conftables to aft when Counties ceal'e to be tlivided into Diftrifts.

Constable or Sub Constables, ftwll be fold 1it fudh Time and Place as the Lord Lieutenant of Inland far the time being shall direct, and the Produce thereof shall be paid to the Treasurer 0/ the County to be applied to the County Charge.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon so appointed a Constable as aforesaid, shall not, within One Week after he mall cease to hold such Office, deliver over any Arms and Accoutrements to his Succeffor in the said Office, if such there shall be, and if not, then to such Perfon, and at such Time and Place, as shall be directed by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, every such Perfon so offending shall, for such Offence, forfeit tne Sum of Ten Pounds Irtfh Currency, to be recovered by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurifdiction, by any Perfon who shall sue for the fame.

4 XVII. And Whereas an Aft was passed in the Parliament of 4 Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, inti-

*	tuled An A3 for the tetter Execution of the Law and Prefervation 4 of the Peace within Counties at large, which has been since con-

*	tinued (n) and 16 now in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March « One thoufaqd eight hundred and fisteen, and divers Counties in

*	Ireland have been divided into Diftrifts, pursuant to the Provifions 4 of said Aft: And Whereas by an Aft passed in the said Parli*-

* ment of Ireland, m the Thirty second Year of His Majefty’s Reign, 4 intituled An A3 for regulating the Office of Conftable^ and for better 4 enforcing the Procefs of the Criminal Law in certain Parts of this 4 Kingdom, Grand Jurors in Ireland are empowered to appoint Coo-4 (tables for the several Baronies in their respective Counties in manner

*	therein mentioned, but are not empowered to make such Appoint-

4 ment in any County divided ihto Diftrifts as aforesaid, under the 4 Powers of the said recited Aft of the Twenty seventh Year of Hh 4 Maiefty’s Reign, such Counties being in that respect excepted in the 4 said Aft of the said Thirty second Year, by reason whereof there may 4 happen to be a Failure of Conftables in such Counties ;* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Grand Jury in Ireland* whose County is or shall be so divided into Diftrifts as aforesaid, to appoint Conftables for the several Baronies therein, notwithstanding such Di-vifion into Diftrifts, in the fame manner in all respects as such Grand Jury could do under the Provifions of the said recited Aft of the (aid Thirty second Year, if such Divifion into Diftrifts did not exist, and not otherwise.	la)	[See	r.	33.	ante,"]

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Conftables so to be appointed, shall commence to be Conftables when and as soon as such County shall cease to be so divided into Diftrifts, for the Purpofe ra the said recited Aft of the said Twenty seventh Year mentioned, whether the fame shall happen by the Repeal or Expiration of the said Aft or otherwise, and not sooner; and that from and after the time such Constable so appointed, shall have all the Powers and Advantages, and be subject to all the Regulations and ReftriftioDS, in the said Aft of the Thirty second Year of His Majefty’s Reign contained and expressed, and shall to all Intents and Purposes, be deemed and taken as and for Conftables appointed under and pursuant to the said Ad; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithfbmdin^

L.ooQle

A.D.i8i4*

54* GEO. IIL	C.	131.	683

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Quarter Sef-for any Five Justices of the Peace for any County, County of a City Sons to appoint or County of a Town in Ireland, at any General Quarter Seffions or *x:ra Conftables. General Seilions of the Peace regularly and duly assembled, to nominate and appoint any Number of fit and proper Perfons to act as Coaftables in aud for such County, or County of a City or Town, in addition to any other Conftables appointed by Law ; and such Persons so to be appointed Conftables at such Quarter Seffions or General Seffions shall then and there take such Oath as is required from Conftables in other cases, and shall have all such Powers and Authorities as Conftables in other cases have by Law, but shall not receive or be allowed any Salary whatever; and the Power of such Perfons as Conftables shall continue only for Twelve Calendar Months, unless they shall be re-appointed or continued at some ensuing General Quarter Seffions or General Seffions, in which case the Power of such Conftables shall continue for a further Term of Twelve Calendar Months s Provided always, that in case of such Re-appointment it provjfa shall not be necessary for any such Constable to be refworn unless the Magistrates then present shall so order and direct: Provided also, that any such Constable or Conftables may at any time be removed at any General Quarter Seffion or General Seffions after such Appointment or Re-appointment as aforesaid.

4 XX. And Whereas by an A & made in the Parliament of /re- 36 0.3. (I.)

4 land in the Thirty sixth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled c.aj. § 1.5.

4 An Ad for the better and more convenient Adminiftration of Jujlice*

4 and far the recovering of Small Debts in a summary IVay at the 4 Seffions of the Peace of the several Counties at large within this 4 Kingdom, except the County of Dublin ; and for continuing and 4 amending an AEt* intituled An Ad for the better Execution of the 4 Law and Prefervation of the Peace within Counties at large ; the 4 Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors ofIreland 4 for the time being, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council 4 of Ireland* is authorized to divide the several Counties in Ire-4 land (except the County of Dublin) into Two Diviftons, for the 4 Purpofe of hearing and determining of Civil Bills only, without 4 regard to, or affecting such Diftri&s, as the said Counties, or any 4 of them, may be divided into, for the Purpofes of the said herein-4 before recited Ad of the Twenty seventh Year of His present 4 Majefty’s Reign ; and also to nominate and appoint One or more 4 Town or Towns in each of the said Diviftons respectively, in one 4 of which Towns a Civil Bill Court should be held Four times in 4 every Year, at some General Seffions or Quarter Seffions of the 4 Peace, or some Adjournment thereof; and also to appoint proper 4 and convenient Towns in every such County, at which such Seffions 4 and Adjournments as sforeftud should be respectively holden 5 and 4 Doubts have been entertained whether, after any County shall have 4 been so divided, or any Town or Towns so appointed for the fe-4 vend Purpofes iaft aforesaid respectively, such Diviiion or Ap-4 ©ointment can or may be changed or altered Be it therefore en- Diftria* acted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Lieut changed by tenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with Lord Lieu" the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, from time to time, when-’ lenmat* ever he or they Hull think proper so to do, to change, filter or annul

CjOOQle

684

AJ). 1814.

So much of 47 G. 3. SeflT. 1. c. 18. Sch. A. as imposes a Duty on Houfes under Annual Value of 10I. repealed.

Corn Acres, &c. uot included in Value of House.

C131,13a, 133.	54* GEO. HI.

any such Division, heretofore made or hereafter to be made, of any County in Ireland, under or by virtue of the said recited Aft of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, and to fubfbtute and appoint any new or other Diviiion thereof into Two Parts, for the Purpofes in the said recited Aft in that respect mentioned ; and also to change or annul the Appointment of any Town or Towns in auy County or Division, for any of the Purpofes aforesaid, and to appoint such other Town or Towns in lieu thereof, as to him or them shall seem proper; and that any such Change or Alteration which may have taken place at any time before the palling of this Aft, shall be deemed and taken to be, and to have been good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purpofes.

[5>* c. 108. § 32.pojl.]

CAP. CXXXII.

An Aft to repeal the Duty payable in Ireland on certain Houfes or Tenements under the annual Value of Ten Pounds.	[23th	Jtdy	*814.]

1 XX7HEREAS it is expedient that the Duty hereinafter men-* VV tioned should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, so mucn of an Aft made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to grant to Hit Majesty certain Inland Duties of Exctfe arid Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof in lieu of former Duties of Exctfe, Taxes and Drawbacks, and of any Schedule to the said Aft annexed, as imposes any Duty for, upon or out of any Tenement or Dwelling House not chargeable with any Duty in re* fpeft of Fire Hearths, and which shall be worth the Yearly Rent of Four Pounds or upwards, and the Yearly Rent or Value of which shall be less than Ten Pounds, or the Perfon occupying whereof shall pay for such Tenement or Dwelling House, or for the fame and any Outhouses, Gardens or Appurtenances, or for the fame and any Land occupied by such Perfon any Yearly Rent less than Ten Pounds, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed : Provided always, that Money paid for Corn Acres, Potatoe Land by the Crop in the nature of Com Acres, and for Grazing, shall not be deemed or considered Rents, or included in the V2ue of the Land occupied by any Perfon together with any such Tenement or Dwelling House;

cap. caaami.

An Aft for better enabling the Commissioners of Stamps to make Allowances for spoiled Stamps on Policies of Infutance in Great Britain, and for preventing Frauds relating thereto.

[25th July 1814.]

*	inf 7 HE RE AS it is expedient to repeal the existing ProvifioUt

*	VV and make others for the. Allowance of spoiled Stamps oU*

*	Policies of Infutance in Great Britain, and for preventing Frauds

• relating





A»D« 1814^*

{4“ GEO* III*

C» ijj*	685

* relating thereto:r "May it therefore please Your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aiTembled,

and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the pafiing

of this Aft, all the Provifions contained in an Aft of the Thirty 35G.3. c.6>

fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A& for granting to §8-

His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Infurances, and in any fub- ^9 & 40 G. 3.

feqnent Aft or Afts for the Allowance and Exchange of Stamps on repealed”

Policies of Infurance in Great Britain, as being spoiled or milused,

shall be and the fame are hereby repealed ; and that it shall be lawful Allowance made for the Commiffioner8 of Stamps to allow as spoiled or misused ,n following and to cancel Stamps on Policies of Infurance in Great Britain cale8: in the following cases, and upon the following Terms and Conditions only ; that is to fay :

First, Where a Policy shall be inadvertently filled up in an incorrect *• Where or improper manner, or be obliterated or otherwise spoiled and ren- P^j!cy dered unfit for Ufe, or shall be filled up for some Infurance which undwwritie^ shall not be proceeded in, and the fame shall not be signed by any Underwriter, provided Application (hail be made for the Allowance within Six Calendar Months after the palling of this Aft, or after such Policy shall be spoiled or become ufeless:

Secondly, Where a Policy shall be underwritten, but not to the 2. Where full Amount of the Sum which the Stamp Duty thereon will cover, P°hcy is under-and another Policy shall be produced underwritten in lieu thereof, to^uHMtent1^ by the fame Perfons, to the lame Amount, on the fame Property or stamp Duty. Interect, and for the fame Rifk in all respects, provided Application shall be made for the Allowance within Six Calendar Months after the pafiing of this Aft, or Three Calendar Months after the Date of the last Subfcription on the First Policy:

Thirdly, Where a Policy shall be underwritten, and there shall 3. WheredErcor afterwards be found any Error or Miftake therein, so that the In- or Mirtake in furance intended shall not be thereby effested, and another Policy shall ^ohcy. be produced underwritten in lieu thereof by the fame Perfons, in which the Error or Miftake shall be rectified, provided the Underwriters shall sign a Declaration that the Infurance made by the First Policy is cancelied, and the Premium returned on that Ground only, and provided satisfactory Proof shall be given of the Error or Mistake, and that the new Policy shall be underwritten before Notice of the Termination of the Rjfk first insured, and provided Application shall be made for the Allowance within Six Calendar Months after the pafiing of this Aft, or Three Calendar Months after the Date of the lad Subfcription on the Firft’Policy :

Fourthly, Where a Policy shall be underwritten, and the Terms 4. Where and Conditions of the Infurance shall afterwards be agreed to be Term* and Gin-altered and another Policy ftiaU be produced underwritten in lieu thereof, by the fame Perfons, to the fame Amount, on the fame Pro- ^ftreCre(J° perty or Interect, and with such Alteration in the Terms and Condi-tions of the Infurance as may have been agreed upon ; provided the Underwriters shall sign a Declaration that the Infurance made by the First Policy is cancelied, and the Premium returned on that Ground only, and provided the new Policy shall be underwritten before Notice of the Termination of the Ri(k originally insured, and the thing insured shall remain the Property of the fame Perfon or Perfons, and

provided

686

5- Where Policy is underwritten subject to Approbation and tiiUpproved.

6. Where after Insurance made, there turns out to be No Rifle or No Inter eft.

Allowance when applied for.

In foregoing cases other Stamps given in lieu of those allowed.

id, 3d and 4th cases provided for.

0.133.	543	CEO.	IIL	A.D.1814.

provided Application shall be made for the AOowance within Six Calendar Months after the pacing of tliis Ad, or Three Calendar Months after the Date of the last Subscription on the First Pohcy:

Fifthly, Where a Policy shall be underwritten, and the Infuraaee shall be made subject to the Approbation of the Insured, and fuck Condition shall be expressed in the Policy, and the Infured shall signify his or their Disapprobation thereof within the time to be prefer ribed for that Purpole in and by the Policy, provided all the Underwriters on such Policy (except such as may be deceased, or have become bankrupt or insane, or have departed out of the Realm) (hiH sign a Declaration that the Infurance is cancelled and the Premium returned on that Ground only, and provided Application shall be made for the Allowance within Six Calendar Months after the ptflbg of this A61, or Three Calendar Months after the time so prelcribed for Difapprobation :

Sixthly, Where Infurance shall be made upon any Ship or Ships, or upon any Goods or other Property on board any Ship or Ships, or upon the Freight of any Ship or Ships, or upon any other Is-tereft in or relating to any Ship or Ships, for a particular Voyage, and the Ship or Ships shall not proceed at all upon the Voyage fpe-cified, or mall not proceed thereon at or witnin the time fpecifkd, if any, and also where Infurance shall be made upon Goods or other Property on board any Ship or Ships, or upon any Intereft m or relating to any Ship or Ships, for or upon a particular Voyage, and the Goods or Property intended to be insured shall not be shipped at all, or not witnin the time specified, or not on boartl the Skip or Ships named or deferibed, or it shall turn out that the Infured had not the Intereft intended to be insured; provided in all these cases, that all the Underwriters (except such as maybe decoded, or have become bankrupt or insane, or have departed out of tke Realm) shall (ign a Declaration that the Infurance is cancelied, tod the Premium returned for some or one of the Reafons here fpedfed, and provided Application shall be made for the Allowance within Six Calendar Months after the palling of this Ad, or Three Calendar Months after the Insured, if in Great Britain, or his or their Broker or Agent, if the Infured be out of Great Britam$ shall know tke Fafts upon which the Allowance is hereby authorized to be made; but no Allowance of the Duty shall be made in any of these cases, if the Underwriters shall have ran any Rifk whatever under the Pokey brought for Allowance, unless another Policy shall be produced, whereby the fame Property or Intereft shall be insured to the tee Amount for or upon some other Voyage, or for or upon the tee Voyage to be performed at some other time:

And upon the Allowance of any Stamps or Policies of Infuriate as spoiled or misused in the several cases aforesaid, the Commifiooeri of Stamps shall give the Party delivering up such Policies to be cancelied, other Paucy Stamps of the fame Amount or Value hi ties thereof.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if in tke Second, Third or Fourth case, hereinbefore provided for, some osiy of the Underwriters on the Policy brought for Allowance, fluH btw underwritten another Policy in neu thereof, it (haft neverthdeft be lawful for the Cud Commissioners to make such Allowance as tte* laid, for the Amount of the Stamp Duty onthr FM Policy, except

v^,ooQle

687

, A«D« 18*4.	J48	GEO. lili	C»	133*

so much thmof as shall be dne far op in refpell of the Sum or Sums not transferred to the Second Policy; and if it shall appear to the . Satisfaction of the laid CommSffioners, that any legal Proceedings are • intended to be instituted by or on behalf of the Insured, in refpeCl of any Sum or Sums underwritten on the First Policy, and not transferred to the Second, which may require the Production of the First Policy, it shall be lawful for tne said Commissioners to cancel and expunge the Stamp thereon, and to substitute another Stamp for demoting only the Duty payable in refpeCl of the Sum or Sums not •transferred as aforesaid, and thereupon to redeliver the fame to the Infured or his or their Broker or Agent.

III.	Provided also, and be it fumier enacted, That if in the case of a Policy being underwritten, but not to the full Amount of the Sum, which the Stamp Duty thereon will cover, it shall be found inconvenient to get another Policy underwritten in lieu thereof, arid the fame shall be brought to the said Commissioners within Six Calendar Months after the palling of this A Cl, or Three Calendar Months after the Date of the latt Subscription thereon, it shall be lawful for the said Commi(Boners to cancel and expunge the Stamp on such Policy, and to substitute another Stamp for denoting only the Duty, payable in refpeCl of the Sum or Sums underwritten thereon, and to give another Policy Stamp or Stamps of an Amount or Value equal to the Difference between the Stamp cancelled and the Stamp substituted for the fame.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That where Infurance shall be made on any Ship or Ships, or on Goods or other Property on board any Ship or Ships, or on the Freight of of other Intereft in or relating to any Ship or Ships, and the Sum insured on the Account of any One Perlon, or on the joint Account of Two or more Perfons, shall be found to exceed the Value of his, her or their Property or Interect, by the Sum of One thousand Pounds, where the Duty shall be at the Rate of One Shilling and Three pence per Qentumt or by the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, where the Duty shall be at the Rate of. Two Shillings and Six pence per Centum, or above, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps to make an Allowance for so much of the Stamp Duty on the Policy whereby such Infurance shall be made, as shall exceed the Duty payable in refpeCl of the Value of the Property or Intereft on which tne Ri(k shall have attached on the Policy being delivered up to be cancelied, and Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, of the Value of such Property or Interect, and provided all the Underwriters (except such as may be deceased, or have become bankrupt or insane, or have departed out of the Realm) shall sign a Declaration that the Premium is returned on account of short Interect, in refpeCl of their several Proportions of the Excefs of the Sum insured beyond the Value of such Property or Interect, and provided Application shall be made for the Allowance, within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this A€tf or Three Calendar Months after the Value of such Intereft or Property shall be known to the Insured, if in Great Britain, or to his or their Broker or Agent, if out of Great Britain; and the said Com-miifioners shall deliver other Policy Stamps for the Amount of the Duty so to be allowed as last mentioned; but no such Allowance shall be made on account of (hort Intereft in any case where the Property or Intereft insured shall be expressly valued at the Sum infured

thereon,

Cafe of a Policy underwritten, but not to full extent ot Stamp Duty provided for.

7. Allowance made of Proportion of Stan\p Duty, in cases of thort Intere%



No Allowance if Policy underwritten beyond Duty.

t. Allowance made for Sumps on Policies, underwritten beyond Duty, in certain cases and on ceitain Conditions.

Underwriters to sign Returns of Premium, with Surnames at length.

Penalty.

C.

54** GSO.UJ.

AD.tStif.

thereon, in and by thf Policy whereby 4tk* Infefttwc <talt

made.	.#	.	■	:j

V.	Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That no such Al-

lowance as aforefaid* shall be*made in any of the cases hereinbefore mentioned, if the Policy brought for Allowance shall appear tobejuK derwritten to a greater Amount thaft the Stamp Duty thereon wil_ cover.	*	"	,	'	u	|

VI.	Provided also, and be it further enaft?d, That it shall be lawful; for the said Commiffionera to make such Allowance as afore Cud, where a Policy shall be underwritten to a greater Amount than lie Stamp Duty thereon will cover, after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the puffing of this Aft, provided the fame shall be proved to have been done inadvertently, and provided another Policy duly stamped shall be underwritten in lieu thereof, by the fame Per^ fons,"to the fame Amount, on the fame Property or late rest;..and fot# the fame Rifk in all respects, within Three Days afterwards, and Ap«., plication shall be made for the Allowance within Seven Office Day*, after the Date of the last Subscription on the Policy on which too^ much shall have been underwritten; and in case only some of tkj Underwriters can be procured to underwrite another Policy in Beit* thereof, within the time hereby limited, it shall be lawful for the fcid ^ Commiflioners to make such Allowance as aforesaid, for the Amontt of the Stamp Puty on the Pirft Policy, except so much thereof » shall be due for or in respect of the Sum or Sums not transferred to the. Policy underwritten in lieu thereof (provided Application b« rntde^ within the said Seven Days), and to cancel and'expunge the Starip^ thereon, and to substitute another Stamp, for denoting ©ply theTfcty^ payable in respect of the Sum or Sums not transferred , as afortfidy and thereupon to redeliver the fame to the Insured, or 1ms Broker or Agent: And if it shall be deemed inconvenient to get another Policy underwritten in lieu of any Policy whidh-fliatt 1# an-*l derwrkten to a greater Amount than the Stamp *Pnty

cover, and the fame shall be brought to the (aid Commiffidners wi$n.r Three Office Days after the Date of the * laf)t Sobfcnotiofr ihoreoft * and the proper Duty shall be then paid so refptlEt the Sura Sums underwritten beyond what shall be covered by the Stamp PutyV thereon* it fhaH be lawful for the said Commiffionera to put an ^ tional Stamp on such PoKcy, for denoting the puty then to be pa&k which additional Stamp shall render the fame valid: and wheft any Policy shall have been underwritten to a greater Amount than Stamp Duty thereon wHil cover* at any time before thejpaffing (f this Aft, or within Six Calendar Months afterwardsrit (halfb^JawfU -for the said Commiflioners to make fueh Allowance in respect there- ' of, as they are authorised to make in fueh cases by anjr Aft or Aftf now in force.	r,	»	^	*

VII.	And be it further enacted. That no fycV AKowahft 'of? Stamp Duty as aforesaid shall be made, so any $afe> where it u td depend on the Condition of the Underwriters ngning a prclirftiW of the Return of Premium, unless the Underwriters shall sign fetch Declaration with their Surnames at length* and not with their Iwtiab only as heretofore accustomed ; and it any Underwriter fhafl agree to return the Premium on aay Policy bf Inference, and fhafl renrie to sign such Declaration in the manner hereby rt^tdred, he ftaH, for every such Offence* forfeit, the Suln of JFtfty P&uhds, to bepdfl

16	IP

68p

A.D.1814;

\S4° GEO. IIL

C.133-

to His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, and to be recovered in the fame manner as other Penalties imposed by any of the Laws now in force relating to Stamp Duties.

VIII.	And be it further ena&cd, That where the Allowance of Allowance* Stamp Duty, in any of the cases aforesaid, shall depend on the Con- made, though dition of the Underwriters signing a Declaration of the Return cf Part of Pre-Premium, it shall be sufficient if the Declaration shall certify the *^ta'ned Return of the fame, with an Exception of One Shilling in the Pound ^Trouble*5* or Guinea, for the Broker’s Commifiion, and of any further Sum not exceeding One Half per Centum en the Sum insured, which may be

agreed to be retained in Confideration only of the Trouble given to the Underwriters, and not of any Ri(k actually incurred by them.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That if any Underwriter shall Underwriters knowingly and wilfully sign any false Declaration of the Grounds inning fclfe on which the Premium on any Policy of Infurance, or any Part Declaration of thereof, shall be returned, or any false Declaration of the Quantity

of Premium returned, in any of the cases hereinbefore mentioned 5 he fall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, Penalty, to be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, and to be recovered in the fame manner as other Penalties imposed by any of the Laws now in force relating to Stamp Duties.

X.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon shall forge or Forging, Sec. or

counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or altering,&c. De. willingly aid or alii ft in the forging or counterfeiting of the Name claration of Re-or Hand Writing of any Underwriter on any Policy of Infurance,	r°~

Id any Declaration of any Return of the Premium on such Policy or tty Part thereof, or shall fraudulently alter, or cause or procure to he altered, or aid or assist in altering any such Declaration, after the lame shall have been (igned by any Underwriter, or shall utter or make use of any such Declaration, knowing the fame to have been fraudulently altered, or the Name or Handwriting of any Underwriter to have been forged or counterfeited thereon, for the Purpofe of obtaining any such Allowance as aforesaid, and with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors; every Perfon so FirftOffence, offending shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, and to be recovered in the fame manner as other Penalties imposed by any of the Laws now in force relating to Stamp Duties ; and for the Second Offence. Second and every other Offence mall be adjudged guilty of Felony, * and ftiall be transported for Seven Years to Parts beyond the Seas.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commiifioaen

CommifioacxB of Stamps to make such Rules and Regulations, and of Stamps may to require Affidavits or solemn Affirmations in the case of Quakers*	R«gola-

of all such Fa&s and Circumstances, in regard to the Allowance of *****

{boiled or misused Stamps, in the several cases provided for by this ^written Do* A&* as they shall in their Difcretion judge necessary or expedient, for cumeuts in Sup* the Purpofe of preventing Frauds and Evafions ; such Affidavits or poet of Claim**. Affirmations to be made before the said Commi(Turners, or any One or

more of them, or before any Perfon authorized by them or the major Part of them in that behalf, or before a Matter in Chaneery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, in England* or before any Perfon auly commit-J fioned to take Affidavit* by the Court of Seffion, or the Coi^rt of Exchequer in Scotland* who .are hereby respectively authorized to take the fame and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for that 54 Gxo. III.	Y	y	Pmrpofc*



<5,i

0.133^134,	54*	GEO.	HI.	AJ>.	1I14.

tnd may authorize Officer* to receive and examine Claims, at?.

perjury.

Purport; and it (Kail also be lawful for the said Cortinfaffioner* of Stamps to call for such written Documents and other Evidence as shall appear to them to be necessary for fubftantiating the Claims which shall be made for any such Allowances as aforesaid.

XII.	And, for facilitating such Allowances, be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners of Stamps, or the major part of them, to authorize any of their Officers to receive and examine the Claims made for such Allowances, and to take Affidavits and Affirmations relating thereto* and to administer the proper Oaths or Affirmations for that Purpose, and to do all or any other Aft or Afts respecting such Claims, which the said Commiffiociers them« selves are hereby authorized to do*

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon making any such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, shall knowingly and wH* fully make a false Oath or Affirmation, of or concerning any of the Matters to be therein specified or fet forth, every Perfon so offending, and being thereof lawfully convisted, shall hie subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force Perfons coo-rifted of wilful and corrupt Fetjury are subject and liable to.

£&* r. 144. f 10,

C.3.C. 155-

i3«-

i 30.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Aft to continue, until the First Day of January <!)ne thou-fand eight hundred and Gxteen, and to amend several Afts for allowing Importations from and Exportations to the Placet within the Limits of the Charter of die East India Company, in Ships not of British Built\ and for the better Maintenance and Care of Lafcars and other AJiatic Seamen arriving in this Kingdom.	[ajth July 1814]

*	XX J HE REAS an Aft was palled in the last Seffion of Pailia-

*	V \ ment, intituled An Adi for continuing in the Eafl India Com* 4 pany for a further time the Pojfcjjton of the British Territories in 4 India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for tfinblifbing 4further Regulationt for the Government of the said Territories* ami 4 the better Adminiflration of Jtflice within the fame ; and for rcgulaU 4 ihg the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said 4 Company's Charter : And Whereas the Provifiona of an Aft paded

*	in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for 4 allowing the Importation of Goods from Places within the Limits

* of the Charter of the said Company in Ships not of Brhi/b Built, 4 nor rendered as such, and of another Aft paded in the Forty 4 second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in relation to

* such Ships, were continued by the said recited Aft of the lad ‘ Seffion of Parliament, until the First Day of Angufi One thouia&d

*	eight hundred and fourteen, unless any Provifion was made relating < thereto in the present Seffion of Parliament; and Hia Majesty was

*	bv the said recited Aft authorized, by any Order or Ordm in 4 Couneil, to authorize any of his Subjects to import from the

*. Indtes, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter of the laid 4 Company, into the United Kingdom, and to export fiatt tfc c. United Kingdom into the East Indies, or Places within such Littt4 ' in jucb Ships, under such ReguktioQs as His MaytAv JbeuM Aiah

•.fit:

C^ooQle

A.D. tSr'4.	54	GEO.	III.	Ck.134.	6pi

*	firr Add Whrreas another Aft was made in this Seffion of Parlia- c. 35. ante.

*	itoetot, intituled An A8 to extend the Period for allowing Import-

*	ations from and Exportations to the Places within the Limits of the

*	Charter of the Eau. India Company in Ships not of British Bjiilt,

*	until the Ptrjl Day of January One thousand eight hundred and %fisteen: And Whereas it is expedient that such Provifions should r be further continued, and the said A&9 amended Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-toons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That all Provisions, Regulations, Conditions and Re- Regulations flriftions contained in the said A&s, or in any Order or Orders of ,::Kd Council now in force, or which may be issued by His Majesty, under	.	*	**

the said recited A& of the last Seflion of Parliament, in relation to rehtion to al-the allowing of the Importation into the United Kingdom from the lowing of Im-Eafi Indies, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter of the portation, &c. (rid Company, orr the Exportation from the United Kingdom to the to °r ,!:on27E^1 Eafi Indies, or any Ports or Places within such Limits, of any thercinde** ** Goods, Wares and Merchandize by the said Company, or by any of bribed, con-His Majefty's Subje&s in any such Ships or Veflels as are in the said turned.

A&s or Orders in Council described, shall be and the fame are hereby continued in full Force and Efle& until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and shall extend ajid be applied to all such Ships and VefiUs which shall fail from any Port Or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company before tile said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fixtedt.

II.	And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Veffel having $0 veflTel on board any Afiatic Sailors, Lafcars or Natives of any Territories, having on board Countries, Iflands or Places within the Limits of the Charter of the Afiatic Sailor*, said Company, shall, from and after the First Day of January One fi^^^Bond thousand eight hundred and fisteen, be allowed to clear out from any given for*Sup? Port or Place in any Territory, Country or Ifland under the Go- port of fuchr vernfnent of the Eafi India Company, or belonging to His Majesty Peribns. within the Limits afore said, upon any Voyage to the United Kiugdora of Ore at Britain or Ireland, or to any Port or Place beyond the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, or shall, from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, be admitted to Entry in any Port or Place within the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, unless and until the Owner, or Captain Or Mafter of such Ship shall have first given Security by Bond to such Perfon or Perfons, and in such Sum and Form as fhau be specified ih any Regulations made in that behalf by the Dire&ors of the Eafi India Company* with the Approbation of the Commiffiopers for the Affairs of Indian that all such Afiatic Sailors, Lafcars or Natives aforesaid shall be duly supplied wkh Provifions and Clothing, and .other necessary Accommodation, while employed and while absent from the Countries or Places to which they respectively belong, ard until they shall be carried back to India, or any other Coiuitry dr Place from whence they were respectively brought, and for the Conveyance hack of such Afiatk Sailors, Lafcars and hfativts aforesaid, within 4 reafommble time to be fperifred «n such Bond, or afcertakiCd By Tuck Rules mnd Regulaticms; and every such Bond, executed By {heM^Ur ox^ Captain of any such Ship we Veffel, or by any one ot

Yy a	the

,	Digitized	by	

C. 134**35*	54*	GEO.JU.	A.JXjfcy

Afiatic Sailor*, fee. found in Diftrets, taken Care of by E. I. Company, at Ex pence of Owfceve.

DtVt to Com-

Colli.

the Owners thereof, shall be deemed and taken, to be the Joint sod several Bond of all ahd each of the Owners of the Ships for which such Bond shall be given, and may be stated in {heading as such, and shall bind all and each of such Owners jointly and severalty ad ff tW fame had been duly executed by all and 6acn of the Owners pt so Ship orVeflel.	.

III.	And be it further eroded, That if any AJiatic Sailors, Lafcaa or Natives of any Territories, Countries, Iflands or Places within tie Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, having been brought to the United Kingdom on board any Ship or Veuel not being a Ship of War in the Service of His Majesty, fhaH, from agjl after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, be found within the United Kingdom in Distress, for want of tots), Clothing or other Neceffaries, it shall be lawful for the said United Company to supply necessary and reasonable Relief to such Perfoni, and to maintain them until they shall be sent on board fame Ship Tiound for some Place within the Limits aforesaid; and all such Sums as the said Company shall pay for or on account of such Relief jjr Maintenance, shall constitute and become a Debt due tp the said Company from the Owner or Owners of such Ship on bpard whereof such Perfon or Perfons shall have been brought into the said United Kingdom, and shall be recoverable as so much Money paid to ajd for die Ufe of such Owner or Owners, in any of the Courts of the said United Kingdom, or in the East Indict, if the Owners shall reside there, in which Adions or Suits for the Recovery of Debts may be sudd or prosecuted; and in all such Adions and Suits where the fad Company shall recover, they shall be entitled to receive full of Suit.

cap. cxxxv. rV ;

An AA to further explain and amend an A& of. the Fifti* Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for repeating Parts of ferend Ads, relating to the limiting the Number of Perfons to be carried by Stage Coaches in ItAand ,.

j>5d» rtf*}

51 G.3. c.40.	1 YT7HEREAS by an A d made in the Fifty first Year «f the

. * W Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amtadisM ‘ of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majefty*s Reign, for rtptafag 4 certain Parts of several Adis relating to the Number of Perform

*	be carried by Stage Coaches in Ireland9 it was, amoagft afo

$ *•	J things, enacted, That any Claufes or Provifions costairted 4 the

*	laid Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His prefer Majdty’* RdWl

*	(whereby the Limitation of Pafieneers to be eonveyed by 8tafc 4 Coaches, or the additional Tolls or Penalties relating toCauhgn 4 conveying Perfons for Hire, were repealed) should opt extndt*

A be construed to extend to the Turnpike Roods leading firpm it 4 City of Dublin to KilcuUen Bridge, and from ]$*+* fr Lshred, 4 or either of them; nor to repeal or alter any of the Pnmfiooo 4 Claufes or Regulations, contained in several Ads of the Parimnest

*	of Ireland* of the Thirty third. Thirty seventh and Thirty eighth < Years of the Reign of nk present Majesty, redted in the mid AA

*	qf the fifty first Year, or either of them, with regard to Stage

1$	.





ADr.ijj^.	54*	Gfe6.	III.	C.	135.

- c, -

4 Coaches or other Carriages carrying Paflengers Tor Hire on the said f Roads or either of them: And Whereas additional Tolls relating 4 to Carnages conveying Perfons for Hire upon the Road leadingv

*	from Kilwortb Mountain to the City of Corky having been granted,

*	Limited and secured in and by the said Aft of the Thirty eighth	G	3	^y

€. Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, and further secured by an Aft	c. 83.	...

f inade iq the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, it	39 0.3. (I.)

*	is just and reasonable that Provifion ihould be made respecting such *• J*.

*	additional Tolls upon Carnages conveying Perfons for Hire on the

*	faid lall mentioned Road Be it therefore enacted by The King’s ^loft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the JLords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from Toll* taken on and after , the palling of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful to and from KH for all and every rerfon and Perfons, in whom the Tolls are veiled Mouit-tinder the said recited Aft of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign “ t0 Coc**

‘of His present Majesty, their and each and every of their Executors,

Admini orators and A Signs, to have, demand, receive and take upon ^tjbe said Road leading from Kilwortb Mountain to the City of Corky f .within the Limits for that Purpofe (pecified by the laid Aft of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, and during the Continuance of the said Aft, by such Perfon or Perfons as they .Ml authorize thereto, such Tolls and in such cases respectively, as by .the Cud hft recited Aft of the Thirty ninth Year of His present tty’s Reign, they are authorized aod empowered to have, demand* receive, and take ; except only the additional Toll or Penalty in the Additional Toll laid Aft mentioned, of Five Shillings and Five Pence for every ™ StaS®

Horse or other Beaft drawing any Stage Coach or other Carriage	ex“

plying for Hire, or conveying Perfons for Hire, which shall convey ***** at any one time upon any Part of the laid Road more than Six tFtiibafe withmfide* or more than Four Perfons beside the Driver upon 1	t the:0>iHjidte trf ftny such Coach or other Carriage ; any thing	in the

:	.	9f th^ Fiftieth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign	to the

5 contrary tberpof in any wife notwithftanding*

- II*. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling Tolls uodeo of this Aft, such and the like Tolls as, under the said hereinbefore 39®-3* 00 -rocked Aft of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majefty’s f’*2*	.

f	~^Et*igar tottld or might be demanded, railed, levied and taken,	before	j«dW7rom

k	^sbepafirtg'of the said recited Aft of the Fiftieth Year of the	Reign	KUwwthMoun*

*	tof His present Majesty, upon the Road leading from Kilwortb tain to Cork, in

*	'Mountain to the City of Corky except only the said additional Toll

t	Penalty	of	Five	Shillings and Five Pence, shall and may be “

from time to time demanded, raised, levied and taken, in 5	*	**	*	*	‘

^ftseh manner, and under such Rules and Regulations in all respects, f :» by tke said recked Aft of the Thirty ninth Year of His prefent

*	Majefty’* * Reign are specially enacted and provided; any thing in the said recited Aft of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majefty’•

f Reign to the contrary not wit hftan ding.

Yy 1



CAP.



C,i36*

54* CEO.'IU.

A.D.(St4»

ii> G. 3, c^joi.

§7-

$ 10. 5 16.

28 G. 3. c. 25.

11.

§3.

i*.

apG.3. c. 5a.

*r.

§ 4*

38 G. 3. c. hrii.

§ i.

46 G 3. c. 13 a.

CAP* CXXXVI.

An Aft for enabling the Coraroiflioners of the Northern Lighthoufes to purchase the Ifland and Light of Map at the Entrance of the Frith of Forth ; for enabling the Com-miflioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money towards that Purpofe ; and for amending fieveral Afts in regard to the Northern Lighthoufes.

[25 th July 1814.]

*	\XJ HEREAS by an Aft patted in the Twenty sixth Year of

*	V V the Reign of His present Majetty, intituled An Aft for 4 ereSing certain Lighthoufes in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, 4 Commifiioners were named for putting the {aid Aft into Execution,

*	and for erecting Four Lighthoufes in the Northern Parts of Great 4 Britain } and certain Duties were thereby granted, for anfwering

*	the Expences of making and maintaining the Works by the laid

*	Aft authorized to be made 5 and the Commifiioners were era-4 powered to borrow' Money on the Credit of the Duties; and if

*	any Surplus should remain after the necessary Expenditure to be 4 incurred in carrying the said Aft into Execution, the fame was 4 dirested, once in every Year, to be vetted in some one or other of 4 the Public Funds, until the yearly Interett of the fame should 4 amount to a Sum equal to the whole Expence attending the said 4 Lighthoufes : And Whereas by another Aft, patted in the Twenty 4 eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majetty, intituled An 4 AS to render more ejfeSual an AS pciffcd in the Twenty sixth Tear 4 of His present Mayfly’s Reign, intituled An AS far ere Sing certain 4 Lighthoufes in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, the said Co*i-4 mifiioners were authorized to levy certain additional Duties, to 4 borrow a further Sum of Money, and to levy the Duties as soon 4 at Two of the said Lighthoufes should be lighted: And Whereas 4*by another Aft patted in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of

*	His present Majetty, intituled An AS to give further Powers to 4 the Commissioners for ere Sing certain Lighthoufes in the Northern 4 Parts of Great Britain, the said Commilfioners were authorized to 4 erect Two (/*) additional Lighthouses; and were likewise em-4 powered to cause such other Lighthoufes to be erected on other 4 Parts of the Coaft of Great Britain as they should deem necefTarv,

4 whenever the Produce of the Duties should enable them so to do:

4 And Whereas by another Aft patted in the Thirty eighth Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majetty, intituled An AS for incorporating 4 the Commissioners appointed for ereSing certain Lighthoufes in the 4 Northern Parts of Great Britain, the said Commifiioners were in*

4 corporated, for the better carrying the several Afts into Exe-4 cution, and made One Body Politic and Corporate by the Name 4* of ** The Commifiioners of the Northern Lighthoufes i,f And 4 Whereas by another Aft patted in the Forty sixth Year of the 4 Reign of His present Majetty, intituled An Ad for eretfing a Light*

4 house on the Bell or Cape Rock on the Eqftern Coq/l of Scotland, and

(a) [The Words of 29 G. 3. r.52. are u a Lighthoofe in a convenient Situation upon the South End of the Ifland of Amm> or upon the Ifland of Plada near the fame.”!	•

for



,A*IXr$i4.	54°	050*	fll.	C.f3 6.	€q$

*	for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain

4 Sum of Monty out of the Gonfolidated Fund of Great Britain towards	.

4 that Purpose, Authority was given to the said Commissioners to	§ *'

4 erect the said Lighthouse, and to levy certain additional Rates and 1 Duties for the Support of the fame ; And Whereas in virtue of tht 4‘ Powers given by the said several before recited A&s, the said Com*

*	miffioners have erected the following Lighthouses, namely. One on 4 Kennatr&s Head m Aberdeert/hire; a Second on North Roualdjbay>

4 in Orkney, now converted into a Beacon ; a Third on the Point of

Scaifa, One of the Harries IJles ; a Fourth on the Mull of 4 Cantyre; a Fifth on the Ifland of Pladda, near Arran ; a Sixth 4 and Seventh on the Pentland Skerries, in Orkney ; an Eighth on 4 the Ifland of Inchkeitbi in the Frith of Forth ; a Ninth on the Start 4 Point of Sandy, in Orkney ; and a Tenth on the Cape or Bell 4 Rock: And Whereas the said Commissioners have entered into Agreement 4 an Agreement for the Purchase, upon certain Terms and Conditions, ^ltl' D!,ke 4 from their Graces William Henry Cavendjfh Bentinek Scott Duke	£or

4 of Portland, and Henrietta Scott Duchefs of Portland\ of the Ifland Purchafe of 4 of May, situated in the Frith of Forth, with the Lights and Light- Ifland of May. 4 house and other Hopfes built upon the fame, with the Privilege of 4 levying certain Duties upon all Veffels entering or failing from 4 any Port or Place between the Castle of Duuottar, and the Pro-4 montory called Saint Abbe's Heady on the Eaftern Coaft of Scotland'/

*	and other Privileges and Pertinents to the said Ifland belonging 4 or appertaining : And Whereas, although the Shipping and Com-4 mtreial Intereft of the United Kingdom have derived great Benefit 4 from the Ten before mentioned Lighthouses, erected and maintained 4 by the said Commissioners in virtue of the Powers of the several 4 before recited Adts, yet several additional Lighthoufes are much 4 wanted for the Protection of the Coaft of that Part of the United 4 Kingdom called Scotland, particularly One upon the Shores of 4 Galloway, at the Entrance of the Frith of Clyde and Irijb Channel;

4 a Second upon the dangerous sunken Rocks of Skeriyore, near the 4 Iflands of Tiree and Mull, in Argyleshire, in the diredfc Track of 4 Veffels coalting along the Weftern Coaft of Scotland, and aMb 4 dangerous to Ships making the Weftern Shores of Scotland and 4 Ireland, from the Atlantic Ocean ; a Third upon Cape Wrath, kv 4 Sutherland {hire ; a Fourth and Fifth in the Iflands of Shetland, for 4 the Protection of the Fifheries, and of Ships bound for the higher 4 Latitudes; and a Sixth upon Tarbetnefs, in Cromartyshire, to open 4 the Murray Frith and Cromarty Bay, as a Rendezvous for 4 Shipping in Storms from the Eaftward: And Whereas it would

*	be of great Benefit to the Public if Powers were given to the said 4 Commissioners to complete the said Purchafe of the said Ifland and 4 Light of May, and in lieu of a Coal Light, at prefent*maintained 4 On the said Istand, to exhibit and maintain an Oil Light, or such 4 other improved Light as they shall find expedient; and likewise to 4 erect and maintain additional Lighthouses; and also, if further 4 Powers were given to the said Commissioners, and further Regula-4 ttons were mads, for the Collcdtion and Application of the whole

*	Duties payable in respect of the Northern LighthoufesBbt as these Purpofe* cannot be accomplifived without the Aid and Authority of Parliament j May it therefore please Your Majesty that it. maf be enacted j and be it enacted by The Kind’s Moft Excellent

Y y 4	Majessy,

•r

Power to Pur-ch-fe Ifland and Light of May.



4.9.1814.

Light eo Mb if

MaV’divNd*-

Additional

Lighthoutei.

Amount of Duties to be levied.

Majesty, by.and wjth th* Adviceand Confent of tbeLprfa «to<J Twnpofali "and Commons* In this. prefc^t Jforljap#«t fJfemblwk and by the Authority of the fame, Thai it (tyatyapd «ay jmd for the said Commiflioners t)F the Northern	a$d	they

*re~hereby authorised and empowered* tb; treaty $Qui&& a&d*git$ With their Graces William Henry Cavindi/h Bn^'wcjt Seat*',D&keef Portland* and Henrietta Scott Duchefs of Portlandand their Heir* and Succeflbrs, for the absolute Purdxife of the Ifland of'JIfau situated ia the Frith of Forth, with the Lights and Lighthoiiftand other Houfes built upon the Came, and the * Privilege of levying Lighthoufe Duties upon all Veffds entering or fading* from any Pbrt or Place on the East Coaft of Scotland,between the Caftlc of l)ukottdr. on the North, and the Promontory called Saint Mbps Head on the South, together with all and every the other Privileges and Pertinent* to the said liland belonging and appertaining; and to pay to thfc said Duke and Duchefs of Portland, or their Heirs and Succefldbi the Price that may be agreed upon* for the fame, or tb grant Security for the Whole or any Part of such Price, in such manner as the faia Commiflioners shall think, fit; and such Light on the I ftahd of Mty shall, from and after the passing of this Ad, be Held and taken'to. be one of the Northern Lighthoufes.	^

, II* And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the FaT Commiflioners, in dead of the Coal Light, to exhibit-aud maintain 0^ the laid Ifland an Oil Light, or such other improved Light'a^t tfet1 shall find expedient 5 and also to ered and maintain filch ad'drtkjral Lighthoufes upon such other Parts of the Coaft andr Iflandy af* .Scotland as they shall deem necessary.	-tJ	*** ^ f

IIL And be it enacted. That, mom and after the* paflW of Ad, the Duties heretofore levied in respect of the Light online ffland * of May shall cease and determine; and tn fitih thereof, enable the said Commiflioners to pay the Priic tif flic Light, and Ifland of May, and to maintain a proper Light there, ^nd 5ft to tred and maintain additional Lighthoufes as before 'hiehfibued, and otherwise to provide for the keeping in Repair aiid maintaftiint; the whole Lighthoufes under their Charge, it shall and tnay be laTvfm.^ to the said Commiflioners, or such Perfon or Peribna astheyfcall appoint, from and after the passing of this Ad, to demand, eolltcV, receive and take, from all and every the Mafters and Owners of everf Ship or decked Veflel of the United Kingdom of Greed JSritoinwl Ireland, navigated according to Law, which shall fail to or from;: any Port or Place on the East Coaft of Scotland, between the -of Dunottar on the North, and Saint Abbe** Head on the Scnrtlv both inclusive, whether the (aid Ship or Veflel shall be loaded or in ballad, or Outward or Homeward bound, or on a Foreign Voyage “ or Jailing Coaft wife 5 and also for every such Ship or VefFel as afb^‘ said, which shall fail within a Line drawn from the CaftJe of 2)*-^ nottar on the North, to Saint Abbe's Head on the South, both inch- -^five, a Sum not exceeding One Penny for every Ton of such Ship or ; Veflel;	E\

And for every Foreign Ship and decked Veflel failing as afpreffid -4f Shm not exceeding Two pence for every Ton thereof-0 * ^ i' And ior eVeriy Snip or decked! Veflel of the ,tJniud	..ff

Cnat Britain and Ireland, navigated according : to La^ liahle-In !

•.f r.-a r»»i»n ‘	:	*	“	‘	Payment

CjOOQie



sfdto. in.

C. 136.

<97

ftM&flW t6 the CtinTrYiiffloners of Northern Lighthouses, dot failing WftbbV ffee trfbrefiiidLimits, a Sum not exceeding One Halfpenny For &&Y Ton of such Ship or Veflel:

VAmi w	^Morfeigtr STiiji or decked Veflel, liable in Payment of

Doties flf atbrmiti, not failing within the aforesaid Limits, a Sum not exceeding One ^Penny for every Ton thereof:

Xll such Duties to be in Addition to, and over and above the other duties granted and payable to the said Commifiioners under the said recited A&s, or any of them.

IV., provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Ad Contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties hereby granted, any Ship or VefTel belonging to His Majesty, hU Jicirs^or SuccefTors, or employed in the Service of His Majefty’s Revenue;, or any Ship or Veffel by the said recited Ad of the Twenty fixtlvY^ar of the Reign of His present Majesty exempted fi;onx the Payment of the Duties thereby granted 5 or any Ship or Vefiel failing from one Port to another West ward of Queensferry in tfoeFrith of Forth, or from one Port to another in the Frith of Tay. .. V*. And, for the better enabling the said Commifiioners to levy the Duties by the said recited Ads and by this Ad granted, be it evacted, .That the said Commifiioners shall have Power to collect, ill ad the pom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Duties by the before recited Ads and by this Ad granted; and to appoint Colledors in f*cjb pprts for that Purpofe accordingly, and at their Pleafure to r^jnoote such.Colledors, and appoint others in their Places.

VI. And be it enacted, That all and every the Colledors or Col-ledcy* of,the aforesaid Duties already appointed by the said Commif-

Spere* shall, within Six Months after the pafiing of this Ad, and .ai^o[( every the Colledors or Colledor of the aforesaid Duties to be hereafter appointed, shall eater into Bonds to His Majesty, with fucht good uud fuScient Surety or Sureties as the said Commifiioners shall require, binding, them and their Sureties, jointly and severally, for tbeif due and faithful Performance, in every respect, of all the Duties of Colledors of the aforesaid Duties, and for duly paying to the laid Qommifiioners, or to their Cafhier for the time being, at uich times afyer the Receipt thereof as the said Commifiioners shall direct to be inserted in the (aid Bonds, all such Sums of Money as shall from time to time be collected by or paid to them for or on account of the (aid Duties, under a Penalty not exceeding Five hundred Pounds ; besides Performance in which Bonds it shall also be a Condition, that the Colledors therein named shall once in every Year, or oftenpr if required by the said Commifiioners, deliver or cause to be delivered;to them a true and exact Statement, certified upon Oath, if required ( which Oath any Jufticeof the Peace acting for the County or place within which such Colledors shall reside, is hereby empowered and required to adminifter), of the Sums arising from the (aid Duties received by them fioce their last Settlement of Accounts, or since their Appointment, and the precise Sum on account of the said Duties remaining in the Hands of the said Cojledprs.. v

VIL And b£ it enacted. That if any Cplledor or CoUcdoifft shall fail or neglect to render such Statement of Accounts at,afore(4ic|>or to pay over (o the said Commifiioners any fuchSum ojr^u&s.of Moticy, within facb Period as ihall have been (pecifiea in the Bonds ' r '*■	entered

To whit Vetfell Duties not to extend.

16 O.3. c.ioi.

§ xi.

Power to appoint Collectors in Ports of G. B. and IrdandL

Bonds given by Collttton.

Penalty.

Conditioh of Bond.

Penalties and Duties how recovered from Colledors.

6,j 8

30,00c 1. paid out of Exchequer towards the Purchale.

After Payment of Purchase Money, Duties to vest in Court of Exchequer to Scotland.

How Ccmmif. fioners may apply Surplus

Duties.

Part of the Ifiand of May h Id or let.

C. 13&	$4* GEO. IIL

entered into by them, the said Bonds shall, upon ? Certificate or Certificates granted by the said Commissioners of the Failure or Negkd of any Colle&or or Colledlors to render such Statement of Accounts as aforesaid, or of the Sums due and unaccouuted for, be put in Suit against such Colledlor or Colie&ors, and his or their Sureties, or any of them, for Recovery of such Statement of Accounts, anid of the Sums so due by them, or any of them, and of the Penalty or Penalties in the said Bonds, over and above the Sums so due with Cods of Swt by such Proccfs as is competent for recovering Debts due to His Majessy, in any Part of the said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and the said Duties and Penalties, when recovered, shall be paid over to the said Commissioners for the Purpofes of this

a a.

VIII.	And be it enacted, That out of any Monies granted by Par- 1 liament for the Supply of the present Year, there shall be ifluedasd. paid at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at JVeJhninfier, by Warrant or Warrants of the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, to the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer or Calhier, or to any Perfon or Perfons appointed by them to receive the faiae,t& Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, without any Fees or Deductions whatever, towards enabling them to complete the said Purchafe from the Duke and Duchefs of Portland.

IX.	And be it further enaAed, That as soon as the said Sumef Thirty thousand Pounds shall be issued and advanced as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall assign to the Lord Chief Baron and other j Barons of His Maiefty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland, all the Rates and Duties which shall arise and be levied in consequence of this and the said former A As, after deduAing therefrom the Expence tf procuring and passing this AA, and of levying the said Duties and maintaining the said Lighthoufe on the Ifiand of May* and Light-houfes already ereAed, or which the said Commissioners shall after-wards think it necessary and proper to ereA, in consequence of the | said A As and this AA; all which Duties so to be assigned shall thenceforth be veiled in the said Lord Chief Baron and other Barons

of the said Court of Exchequer, as a Security for the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, and until the said Sum, together with the filtered of the fame at and after the Rate of Five Pounds ter Centum fer Annum> shall be completely paid and satisfied 5 but the Payment of j which Intereft for the first Six Years from and after the time of , advancing such Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, shall be postponed and paid in manner hereinafter mentioned 5 and after the Expiration of the said Six Years, such Intereft shall be paid Half-yearly by the said Commissioners into the said Court of Exchequer.

X.	And be it further enaAed, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to apply the Proceeds of any Surplus Duties now in their Hands, in part Payment of the Price of the said Ifiand and Light of May, hereinbefore authorized to be purchased.

XI.	And be it enaAed, That the said Commissioners shall mad n»r, if they shall fee expedient, fell and dispose of such Part or Parts of the said I (land of May> or of the other Premifes thereto pertaining, when the fame shall have been conveyed to and veiled in them, which shall not be necessary for their Accommodation, Ur for the Uf<? of the Lighthoufe ereAed on the said Ifiand; attd to apply such Price or Prices to the Purpofes of the said recited AAs and of this A A.

XII.	And

A.D. 1614.

GEa m.

C.136,137.	699

. XII. And fee it wwftcd, That it shall be lawful to and in the Power to Power of the said ComrrniTioners, to borrow on the Credit of the Rates borrow MoneI* and Duties by the said recited Afts and by this Aft granted, any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds.

XIII.	And be it enabled. That, for the further Security of the Surplus Duties aforesaid Aflignment, and for the more speedy and ready Redemption inverted in

of the said Loan, as well as of the Loan of Twenty five thousand Fu™j? M Pounds, authorized to be granted by the said recited Aft of the £xpeoce Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Surplus P y ™ or Refidue of the Duties by this and the former Adis empowered to be levied, which shall remain after completing the Purchafe hereinbefore mentioned, and after erecting a proper Light on the Ifland of May% and after paying the Intereft of the Sums of Twenty five thousand Pounds, and Thirty thousand Pounds, in the said recited Adt and in this Act mentioned, with the Expence attending the Lighthoufes erected or to be erected by the Commiflioners, fhdl be once in every Year vested in the Three Pounds ger Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or in some one or other of the Public Funds, and shall be allowed to accumulate until the fame shall amount to a Sum equal to the Repayment of the aforesaid Sums of Twenty five thousand Pounds, and Thirty thousand Pounds, and afterwards, until the before mentioned Intereft for the said Six Years, immediately following the Advance of the said Thirty Thoufand Pounds shall he paid; and thereafter such Annual Inveftment of the Surplus Duties shall continue as dircfted by the said recited Aft of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the	c.xot.,

'Yearly Intereft of the fame shall amount to a Sum equal to the whole *

Expence attending the said Lighthouses, when the Duties by this aqd the former Afts empowered to be levied are to be diminished, and at last ibfo faflo to cease and determine in manner mentioned in * the said before recited Afts.

XIV.	And be it enacted, That all and every the Powers and Au- Powers of thorities granted to the said Commiflioners by the said recited Afts, former Ads or any of them, in regard to the Collcftion of Duties for erecting extended to Ad. and maintaining of Lights and Lighthouses, and other Matters and

Things in the said recited Afts and this Aft or in any of them contained, shall be and the fame are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effest, in so far as the fame are not altered by tliis Aft.

4 \\7 HE REAS the Regulations introduced by the Afts made in 23 O 3. c. 18.

4 VV the Twenty third, Thirtieth and Thirty third Years of the 300.3. c- 5-4 Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Credi- ^3 G*3 c* 74-4 tors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called 4.Scotland, which were continued by certain Afts passed in the Thirty g. 3! c. 53-* ninth. Forty fourth, Forty sixth, Forty eighth, Forty ninth, Fifty 4+ G.3. c. 14.

4 first and Fifty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, 46 0.3. c.24.

4 having in general been found useful and beneficial to the Public, it 48 q * £ *8 4 is proper that they should, with such Variations and Amendments g. j c.i?.

4 as Experience hath suggested, be continued, and that other and far- G.3. c. 65.] 4 ther Regulations should be made for attaining the fame falutary

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Aft for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and

expeditious in Scotland.

[25th July 1614.]



7oo



Aft of Scotland of 1696 ex-ttoded to Per* , Tons Abroad, ., kt.

>- G 10

Pari Paflu. . PfttfQ

Arr cftiy^uj u*j certalqCa^b,,

Provife.

C. 137'	54«	GEO.	IIL	A.b.1814.

* Ends;* May it therefore please Your Majesty tb*t it maj'bq enabled; and dc it enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual,yni Temporal, and Commons, in tbisprefent Parliament assembled, apd by the Authority of the fame, That in all Adious and Queftioqji arising upon the Conftrudion and Effcd of an Ad of the Parliament of Scot fin d, made in the Year One thousand fix huhdred sold ninety fix, intituled An Ad for declaring Notour Bankruptr, if airy Peyfoiy subject to the Laws of Scotland, mill happen to be forthof that Part of the Territory of the United Kingdom, or not liable to be impri* foned by being in the Sanduary, or by reason of Privilege or per* fonal Protedion, a Charge of Horning executed againd him, together with either an Execution of Arredment of any of his Efeps not loosed or discharged within Fifteen Days after the Date thereof, or an Execution of Poinding of any of his Moveables, p$ a Decree pf Adjudication of any Part of his Heritable Edate, for Payment ex Security of Debt, shall, when joined with Infolvency, be f cient Proof of legal Bankruptcy, and equivalent to the De Notour Bankruptcy, given in tne Ad of the Parliament of before mentioned, made in the Year One thousand fix hundred ninety fix ; and it is hereby declared, that such insolvent Debtor A from and after the Period when both the Charge of Horning againd the Perfon, and one or other of the said Diligences of ArrtnjBcqt (not loosed or discharged as aforefaid) or Poinding have been exe* cuted, or Decree of Adjudication obtained, be holden and deemed x legal or Notour Bankrupt, and subject to the Regulations of (aid Ad in the Year One thousand fix hundred and ninety fix, ^hereby extended and explained; and every Perfon, whether be be opt of Stnh land or not, whose Eft ate has been or shall be (equeftrate4 under the Authority of any of the Ads before recited, or of the profit A& shall in like manner be holden and deemed a Notour Bankrupt m ap Queftions upon the Ad of One thousand fix hundred and fh*ety fix, from and after the Date of the first Deliverance on the Pfetifiomto tbf Court of Sefiion for awarding the Sequeftration. . ^

II.	And be it enacted, That when a Debtor is made legally Bank* rupt in Terms of the said Ad, made in the Year One thousand fix hundred and ninety fix, or of this Ad, all Arreftmenta which shall fiaye been used for attaching any Effeds of such Bankrupt within Sixty Days prior to the J^kniptcy,* or within Fpor Calendix Months thereafter fhyli be ranked pari pafu in the lame manner jp if such Arreftments had \k£U pf the fame Date ; and that, coming. Letters or Precepty of Arreftment upon unv idepepdM A^ioa may be granted fupimariLy^ opon, Produdiop of the iib«M Summons ; and it shall be, no Qbjeftjoq to the Pftripqgu Prefctyn# b^rehy cftablifhejd, that the, $Ufnop>na, npop wwh any proceeds was not execute<L|*r tW,the Dept upon which it is foundipd was not liquidated at the Date of the Arreiftment: Providing always, that these and all other necessary Steps are afterwards taken without any undue Delay; and in case the first or any subsequent Arrefter shall in the mean time have obtained a Decree of forthcoming of Preference, and thereupon shall have recovered Payment, he shall never-thelefs be accountable for the Sum recovered to thole who by virtue of this Ad may be eventually found to have a part Pajf* Preference thereon, and Hull be liable to an Adion at their InJtance, for

Payment





A.p. 18.14*

54? GJEO. IIL

C* 137*

701

.Payment to them proportionally, after allowing out of the Fund the Expence of making H effectual; and further providing, that if there Provifo. hr any Arreftments used £ot attaching the fame Effe&s after the Period Four Months fubfeejuent to the Bankruptcy, such an Arreftmenl ftadl not compete with those used prior to or within the Period afore* ftid, bxjt may rank with one another on any Reverfion of the Fund attached,, according to the former Law and Practice.	\

HI, And be it enacted, That an Arreftment executed at the Arreftments at", Market Cross of Edinburgh, and Pier and Shore of Leith, to attach Market Croft,.; the Effc&s of the Debtor, as in the Hands of a Perfon out of Scot* *c;no land, shall not be held to have interpelled such Perfon from paying to erp€ alloa* the Original Creditor, unless Proof be made that he, or those having Authority to a& for him, were previously in the Knowledge of such Arreftment having been so used,

^ IV. Abd be it enacted, That the Meffenger or other Perfon Poinded Good* employed in executing a Poinding for Debt, (haul leave the poinded foW ty RouP* Goods In the Hands of the Debtor, with a Schedule of the poinded Goods, and Note of the appraised Values (one Appraifement being ?n every case fufficient), and shall forthwith report his Execution ^Poinding to the Sheriff, or other Judge Ordinary, who shall givq ^irpftion tor keeping the Goods poinded in safe Cuftody, and felling them by Public Roup, after such Publication, not (hotter that?

EigW free Days, nor longer than Twenty, from and after the Day When the Order was given, and at such Time and Place as circum-fhpicea may require, and who shall give all necessary Orders for in* perptediate Security, any Perfon who intromits witn, or carries of the Goods in the mean time in order to disappoint the Poinding,

.being liable in double the appraised Value thereof; aqd a Note or Minute of the Sale, and of the Sum arising from it, shall he within Eight Days of the Sale lodged with the Clerk to the said Sheriff or Judge Ordinary, and forthwith marked by him as so lodged, within Eight Days after such Sale, to he made patent to all concerned for a Fee of Urie Shilling, and the Net Sum arising from such Sale, aftej Fee; Deduction of all Charges, or the Goods in case no Offerers appear,

shall be delivered over to the Poinding Creditor.

V. And be it enacted, That when a Perfon has been rendered PwiPaflb' legally Bankrupt as aforesaid, no Poinding of the Moveables be- Preference df, longing to such Bankrupt used within Sixty Days before the Bankruptcy, or within Four Calendar Months thereafter, shall give a Preference to such Poinder, but that every 4>th*r Creditor of the Bankrupt, having liquidated Grounds of Debt, or Decrees for Payment, and summoning such Poinder, or judicially producing the Suite; in any Procefa or Competition relative to the Goods or Price thereof, before the said Four Months are elapsed, flnll be entitled to a proportional Share of the Price of the Goods so poinded rffeiringtd his Debt, deducting always the Expence of such Poind*

&rg, wnkh the PoindeT shall retain in Preference to the other Crei

And providing alfb, that aB Poindings after the Four Pmifo Month* fad! have such Preference as they Were entitled to by former X&#tfed PfeAjft*; fating always the Landlord’s Right of Hypo* Hypxhee.

Poirthtg* hi certain dr-







Scotch Afts i6£i and 1695,

in part repealed.

Judicial Sales of Eftates.

Purchafer* may lodge Prices in Sank, &c.

Sales may precede Ranking.

Scotch A€t *690.

What Proof of lolbivency «•-' ce (Tary for Jales.

^1*37^	540	CIO.	HI.	A.D.rti4.

Aft, the pari pajfu Preference of Arreftment and Poindings shall be regulated as hereinafter directed.

* VI. And Whereas an Aft of the Parliament of Scotland* in ‘ the Year One thousand fix hundred and eighty one, Chapter ‘ Seventeen, intituled An Aft concerning the Sale of Bankrupts9 ‘ Lands, required certain Forms of Publication and Citation, which

*	in Praftice have been found to be expensive and inconvenient;

*	and another Aft of the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year One ‘ thousand lix hundred and' ninety five, Chapter Six, intituled Aft ‘ regulating the Sale and Payment of Bankrupts* EJlates, made it ‘ Lawful for Purchafers of such Eftates to consign the Price, after a

*	certain time, in the Hands of the Magiflrates and Town Council

*	of Edinburgh, which Method has been found inconvenient, and has ‘ seldom been practised; and by an Article in the Regulations of

*	the Seflion established in the lame Year One thousand fix hundred ‘ and ninety five, Seftion Twenty fix, it was provided, that the

*	Ranking of the Creditors should proceed and be concluded by ? Decree before the Sale of the Lands, which Regulation has g£tte'-‘ rally been prejudicial to the Creditors ;* Be it enacted, That the said in Part recited Afts shall be and the fame are hereby in so far repealed ; and the Court of Seflion shall have full Power to make Afts of Sederunt for abridging the Forms of Publication and Citation, and regulating the Proceedings in Proceffes of Sale, Ranking and Division, whether at the Inftance of Creditors or of apparent Heirs; and in every case of a Sale under the Authority of the Court of Seflion, it shall be lawful to the Purchafer, at any Term of Whitfunday or Martinmas subsequent to the Term of Payment of the Price, to lodge the Price, with the Intereft due upon it, in" the Royal Bank, or Bank of Scotland, or the Bank of the Brrftit Linen Company, at such Intereft as can be procured for it, by doing which, and by giving Notice thereof to the Agent itho earned on the Sale, he shall be discharged of the said Price; and further, the Court of Seflion, upon the Application of any of the Creditors, shall be empowered to make an Order on the Purchafer Jo lodge the Price and Interect, at any of the said Terms, fubfeqttent to the Term of Payment, in one or other of the said Banks, fuffldect Intimation being always previously given both to the Purchafer and to the Common Agent for the Creditors, that such Application is biade, in order that all Parties may have an Opportunity to object j and in all cases of Judicial Sales, the Lands or other heritable Sub-Jfefts may be brought to actual Sale so soon as the necessary previous Steps are taken, whether the Ranking be concluded or H5t, Unlefs the Court, upon Application of any Party concerned, 1km $nd sufficient Caufe to delay the Sale.

*	‘ VII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen upon the ConftTuc-

*	tion of an Aft, made in the Year One thousand fix hundred and

*	ninety, Chapter Twenty, intituled Aft anent the Sale of Bankrupt/ f Lands, in 10 far as it requires that the Common Debtor be found 1 Bankrupt and utterly InfolventBe it enacted, That a judicttl Sale, at the Inftance of Creditors, may m all Cafes proceed tfhel^ the Intereft of the Debts and the other annual Burdens Ukceed tfc* tearly Income of the Sabjefts under Sale, or tvhere a Sedueftratioft mail nave taken place under this or any former Statute, witnout-other Proof of Bankruptcy or Infolvency.

‘ VIII. And





$4° GEO. III.

C.137-

703

4 VIII. And WkeitH by an Aft of the Parliament of ScothtnS* Scotch A ft*

*	in the Year One thousand five hundred and forty, Chapter One	x°ll#

‘ hundred and fix, concerting Charges to enter Heir, and another

*	Aft im the Year One thousand fix hundred and twenty one, Chapter

*	Twenty seven, concerning Apprifings against Heirs, it was ordain*

*	ed, that Charges against Heirs unentered, which were to be the 4 Foundation of apprising against their Predeceflbrs Lands, might 4 proceed at the Inftance of Creditors, commanding them to enter

*	within Forty Days after the Charge; but it has been doubted 4 whether the fame or a longer Term is required when the Perfon

*	charged is out of Scotland, and it is expedient that such InductJt

4 Ihoutd be of long Duration ;* Be it enacted, That the Induct£ of Adjudicttioni on a Charge to enter Heir shall in no case exceed Forty Days, whether Charges to enter the Perfon charged be within the Kingdom or out of it 5 and that e,r* after one such Charge, whether general or special, has been given at the Inftance of any Creditor, every subsequent Charge, at the Inftance of the fame or of any other Creditor, may be upon the Inducts of Twenty Days only 5 any Law or Praftice to the contrary aotwithftanding.

IX.	And, in order to leiTen the Number of Adjudications for Different Cr«-Debt, and consequently the Expence to all Parties, and to facilitate	**

the 1 tan psffu Preference of Creditors in similar circumstances, be it enacted. That the Lord Ordinary officiating in the Court of Seffion, before whom the first Procefs of Adjudication against any Eftate fot Payment or Security of Debt hr calied, shall ordain Intimation thereof to be made in the Minute Book, and on the Wall, in order	'	c

that any other Creditors of the Common Debtor, who at the next Calling of the Caufe can shew that, although they have not executed their SummonfeS of Adjudication, they are in other respects, by the nature of the Grounds of Debt, and Steps taken by them, in Condi* tioa to proceed in adjudging their Debtor’s Estate, may produce the Inftruftions of thieir Drots, with Summonfes of Adjudication, libelled and fignetted, for the Purpofe of their being conjoined in the Decree of Adjudication, Twenty Sederunt Days being allowed for fneb Intimation before the Caufe can be called a Second Time ; and if any of these Forms shall happen to be omitted, the said Adjudication shall be null and void, without Prejudice to its being brought forward again in more due Form, or still conjoined with any after Adjudication; and, without Prejudice to the Validity and Order of ranking of pofte-rior Adjudications according to the Rules of Law, when any after Procefs or Proceffes of Adjudication are brought into Court, the lame shall be regulated, as to the Time and Manner of Proceeding in them, by an Aft or Afts of Sederunt of the Court of Seffion, so as to provide, as saur as circumstances will admit, for the pari pajfu Preference of filch posterior Adjudications with one another, and to ibrijge the Number and Expence of such Proceedings; and in all dies where Penalties for Nonpayment over and above Performance arc contained in Bonds, or other Obligations for Sums of Money, and Ure made the Subjeft of Adjudication, or of Demand in any ofher Shape, it shall be in the Power of the Court to modify and rtftrift such Penalties, so as not to exceed the real and necessary Expeoces incurred in making the Debt effectual.

X.	And be it enacted, That when the Eftate of a Debtor is P??*8 brought into the Court of Seffion by Procefs of judicial Sale and

Rank“,g» Adjwficad am.

'

7<>4

Mdde of rendering an Adjudication effectual

Scotch Aft 1696.

Heritable Bonds, &c. Date of, how reckoned.

Mfycttfatf &C. not rcoeiriaf

Baffin***

S^ech Aft *696.

C.137.	54°	GEO. Ill	JLD. 1814.

Ranking* the Decree of Sale to be protuwiwed by tie Cotrt HmSl be held an a general Decree of Adjudicaftam in fartmr of every Creditor who shall afterwards be included in the Penned of D'rifiou; and the Effed of such general Deem (Hall be the fame in all Competitions, or Questions of Ranking and Preference, an if it had been pronounced and extraidedof the Date of the first catting of the Pro-cefs of Sale before the Lord Ordinary in the Outer Houle* and no separate Adjudication shall be allowed to proceed during the Dependence of a judicial Sale* it being hereby declared to be competent to the Court of SeSon to fettle* by an Ad or Adi of Sederunt* in what manner* and at what Period or Period# the Principal Soma and bygone Intercfts of the Debts shall be accmmuktedi £0 as to do equal Juftice to all concerned* but declaring that it shall be com* petent to any Creditor who is in a Situation to adjudge to carry oa the A&ion of Sak to its Conelusion, although deserted or abandoned by the original Purfuer.

XL And, in order to fix more clearly in time coming what Diligence is neceilary to make an Adjudication effe&ual* be it etacted, That the presenting a Signature in Exchequer* when the holding is of The Crown, or the executing a general Charge of Hondo# aguioft Superiors at the Market Cross of Edinburgh*, and Pier and Shore of Leith* when the holding is of a Subjed* and recording aa AbftraA of the said Signature* or the said Charge in the RegMbrar of Abbreviates of Adjudications* shall be held m all time coming as the proper Diligence for the Purpofe afore said.

4 XII. And Whereas, hv the Ad before mentioned, in the Tear * One thousand fix hundred and ninety fix* intituled A3 for doctor*

1 ing Notour Bankrupts, it is, inter alia* declared* u That aH Dif ‘ portions, Heritable Bonds* or other Heritabk Rights* whereupon 4 Infeftment may follow* granted by the foresaid Banktapt* (kail off 4 be reckoned, as to this case of Bankrupt* to be of the Date of 4 the Seifin lawfully taken thereon j” but it would be more expe&eot,

4 that instead of the Date of the Seifin* the Date of recording the 4 Seifin in the Regifterof Seifins and Reverfions* fhouid be taken as 4 the RuleBe it hereby enacted. That in all Qdbon upon the said Ad* in the Year One thousand fix hundred and ninety fix* or this present Ad* the Difpofitions* Heritabk Bonds or other Heritable Rights, whereupon Infeftment may follow* shall in time coming be reckoned to be of the Date of the Regiftration of the Seifin law* fully taken thereon, without Prejudice to the Validity or Iim&dity of the said Heritable Rights* in all other respects as formerly.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in all Queftioas upon the find Statutes all Difpositions, Affigoations and Venditions, which do net * require Seifin* but to which Intimation or Delivery are requifilHn 1 order to render them complete as Transferences or as Securities, shall be reckoned to be of the Date of the Intimation* Delivery or other Ad requisite for completing the fame, without Prejudice to their Validity in other respects.

4 XIV. And Whereas* by another Claufe in the said Ad One 4 thousand fix hundred and ninety fix* it is declared, 44 That any 4 Dtfpofition* or other Rights that shall be granted for hereafter* for 4 Relief or Security of Debts to be contracted for the future* fhaH 4 be of 410 force, as to any such Debts as shall be found to be con*

4 tracted, after the Seifin or Infeftment following oa the find Difi-

^	4 petition



Ajxiau-

54° GEO. IH

C.i37^

7°S"

« position Or^igtesyA^mtTt would tenS not only to the Benefit of “

4 Cpmmsree,• but aMo-of Agriculture anti Manufa&ures, if Securities ;;

•	by lAfe^mont for the Payment of Relief of future Balances arising 4 upon Cafh Aco6uots or Credits, or of Sums paid on such Cam

*	Accq^ts of Credits, wtjre'ntade an Exception from the Rule laid

4 ^ovrn in the foktreched'Claufe^ Be it therefore enacted. That it Securities for shall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, possessed of Lands Cafli Accounts oc-other Heritable Subje&s, and desiring to pledge the fame in Seen- w ^redits* rity of. any -Suras paid or Balances arising or which may arise upon Cafh Accounts or Credits, ‘ of by way of Relief to any Perfon or Perfons who mtfy become bound with him or them for the Payment of such Sums or Balances, although posterior to the Date of the In-fefunant, to. grant Heritable Securities accordingly upon their said Lauds or other Heritable Estate, containing Procuratory of Refigna-tioa and Precept of Seifin for infefting any Bank or Bankers, or Other Perfons who shall agree to give them such Cafli Accounts or '

Credits, or . for infefting such Perfons as shall become Cautioners for them, or jointly bound with them in such Cafli Accounts or -Credits i Provided always, that the Principal and Intereil which may Provifo. ’ become due upon the said Cafli Accounts or Credits, shall be limited to?^-^jptaiu definite Sum, to be specified in the Security, the laid * definite Sum not exceeding the Amount of the Principal Sum, and Thr^e*Ye^s> Intereft thereon, at the Rate of Five per Centum ; and it k J^eraby declared, that it shall and may be lawful to the Perfon to whom any such Cafli Account or Credit is granted, to operate upon th^dggiQ, by drawing out and paying in such Sums from time to time	*

as ^hc-Pact^s. shall fettle between themselves, and that the Seifins or	<

In^r^ets.takew upon the said Heritable Securities shall be equally ▼afad aftdias if the whole Sums advanced upon the said Cafh A^^ift.urQredk had bees paid prior to the Date of the Seifin or InfolupuHif taken thereon, and that any fuck Heritable Security Audi remain ed fobfift to the Extent of the Sum limited, or any lesser Sum, until Cafh Account or Credit is finally closed, and the Bala^C v paid t|p. apd discharged, and the Seifin or Infeftment re^ nouncedt uay^b*ug to the contrary in the said recited A& not with* standing. .	^

*	And	Whereas	it	is	for	the Intere ft of Commerce, that the -

•	Edates of.tbofe concerned in Trade and Manufactures, when they *

•	become, unable to answer the Demands upon them, should be dif-

•	fpfcd of and distributed among their Creditors in the raoft expedi-

•	tious manner, without abiding the ordinary Forms of LawBe it en^Gd* That, from and after the palling of this A A, if any Perfon beiga a Merchant or Trader in Scotland, in Grofs or by Retail, or a Banker, Broker or Underwriter, or a Manufa&urer or Artificer, and in general any Perfon who, either for himself, or as Agent or Fa6tor for other% feekp bk Living by buying and felling, or by the Work-manfhip of Goods or Commodities, or by any of the foregoing Occupations, or holds a Share in any such Undertaking, shall be under Creditors, legal Diligence by Horning and Caption against him for Debt, and shall either, in virtue thereof, be imprisoned, or retire to a Sanctuary, or?By or abfeond for his personal Safety from such Diligence, or defend his Perfon by force, or being out of Scotland at the time, or not liable to be imprisoned by reason of Privilege or Perfonal Protection} shall be under Diligence by Charge of Horuing attended with Arreft-

54 Geq. 41.	Z	z	ment

Eftates of Merchant*,	:>#<5

ureas,

Bankrupt, 1*4 iJ ^ quettrated. if certain Diligence be done at Iq-ttmee of





7°6

Debtor cited.

C. 137.	54°	GEO. III.	A.P.1S14.

pent executed of any Pan of bis IjdoveaHe Eflate or Effe&s, and not loosed or discharged by the Debtor within fifteen pays thereafter, or with Poinding executed of any JPart pf his Moveables, ox Decree of Adjudication of any Part cf his (Jeritable Pftate for Payment or Security of Debt, at tne Inflance of any pjf his Creditor*, it shall, be lawful for any Creditor of the said perion, whose Debt /hall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds $terliiig, or any Two Creditors whose Debts shall amount to the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, or any Three or more Creditors \yhofe Debt* (had amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling or upward*, whether fucli Debts are liquidated by formal Vouchers, or (Und upon open Account, at any time within Four Calendar Months of tne lafl Step of the said Diligence, to apply, by luminary Pernio* to the Court of Seffion, for Sequeftration of the (aid Debtor** Eftate, Heritable and Moveable, Real and Perfonal j and upon Produ&icm of the Grounds of Debt, or a Copy of the Account, signed by fb* Party to whom it is due, and a Depofition by the Creditor or Creditors at whose Inflance the Application is made, taken before any Judge Ordinary, or Juflice of the Peace, swearing to the Verity « the Debt or Debts, and also that they believe the Party against whom the Application is made to be a Mereliant, or otherwise within one or other of the Descriptions a fore said, and always fpecifyjnjr w hidp Description, the Court shall grant Warrant for citing the {aid Debtor, by delivering to him personally, or by leaving at his D welling Houle* a Copy of the said Petition ; or if the said Debtor be forth of $£#• land, by affixing Copies upon the Market Cross of Edinburgh* Pie? and Shore of Leith, and also leaving a Copy at the Dwelling Houle or House of Bufinefs in Scotland, lafl occupied by such Debtor, tp appear ia Court within the time specified in the Warrant of CitaUoifc not being left than Six nor more than Forty Days from the (hie of the Citation, to (hew cause why Sequeftration (bquld not bf awarded j and at the time of granting such Warrant of Citation the Court shall likewise, if desired, grant ^he usual Authority, si the Inflance of the Petitioners, for recovering written Evidence of the said Steps of Diligence; and upon Production of fneb Evidence at the Diet of Appearance, if the Debtor shall not appear either in Perfon, or by his Counfel or A gent, or, so appearing, shall not infUntly pay or produce written Evidence of the Debt or Debts being (atisfieo upon which the Diligence proceeded, and also pay or satisfy the Debt or Debts due to the Petitioner or Petitioners, or to any other Creditor or Creditors who may have appeared and concurred in the Application, or shew other reasonable Caufe why the Sequeftration should not proceed further, the Court shall immediately award Sequeftration 01 the said Debtor’s whole Eft ate and Effe&s, Heritable and ^loveable. Real and Perfonal, for the Benefit of his whole just and lawful Cre-ditors; declaring always, that it shall not be a Uifficient Grqund f<?f awarding Sequeftration under this A 61 that the Debtor is * Holder of Stock in any of the Public or National	or i>F India Stoci*

or of Stock in any of the Banks established by Public Authority, or in any Infurance Company again ft Fire, or in the Jfojrth and Navigation Company, or other Inland Navigation Company, or* W Brittfb Fifhcries, or that he is a Common Labourer or Workman for Hire, unless such Perfon shall be otherwise how Jide under one or other of thd foregoing Defcriptions j and that no Landholder or * r-	‘	J	~	Tenant





A.D.1814.

54° GEO. HI.

C.J37.

707

Tenant of Land shall as such be liable to have bis Eftate fequef-trated, even althdugh he deal in Cattle or Grain, unless lie ihall bona Jide be of the Defcription of a Trader in these Articles, gaining or seeking to gain his Livelihood, Or a material Part thereof, by dealing in Cattle not the produce of, nor grazed upon, or made use of in the Labour of hia Farm, or in Grain not produced thereon.

XVI.	And be it enacted, That the Court shall, by the fame Deliverance which awards the Sequeftration, make an Order upon the Creditors to meet upon a certain Day and Hour, being not more than Three Weeks from that Date, and as much sooner as circum-fiances may permit, in order to name an Interim Fador, if they think fit to appoint one, or, failing their doing so, to devolve the Interim Care and Cuftody of the Effects upon the Sheriff Clerk of the County where the Bankrupt carried on his Bufinefs; and the Court shall, by the fame Deliverance, make another Order upon the Creditors to meet upon a certain Day and Hour, to be named by the Court in the said Deliverance, being oot more than Four Weeks* and fess than Two Weeks from the Day of such First Meeting, for the Purpofe of naming a Truftee, in whose Perfon the said Eftato shall be vefttd as hereinafter mentioned ; the said Meetings to be at a convenient Place, either where the Bankrupt resides, or where his Bufinefs is or was lask carried on, or as near it as possible, tbs Place being also specified; which Deliverance the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors mall forthwith cause to be advertized in the Paper Called The Edinburgh Gazette, and also in The London Gazette, other-wife the whole Proceedings at those Meetings to be null and void \ and the Court shall at the fame time grant Comroiilion to any resident Magiffrate of the Burgh, or to the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute of rile County where the Meeting is to be held, or failing them any Juftice of the Peace of the Countv, to attend the said First Meeting of Creditors, and to receive their Grounds of Debt, with the. Oaths of Verity thereon after mentioned, and to sign the Minutea of the Creditors along with the Prefes chosen by them; and all Queftioas at this Meeting shall be determined by a Majority of the Creditors ih Value or Extent of Debt (fubjed however to the Ex-, phnation after mentioned), appearing at the said Meeting by them-telyes, or others authorized by them, and whose Grounds of Debt and Oaths thereon are so produced 5 and it shall be in the Power of the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute, upon Caufe shewn by any of the Creditors, at any time after the Scqueftration, and before the Meeting' for the Choice of the Fador, to seal up, and cause to be put under fide Cuftody, the Books and Papers of the Bankrupt, and to lock up his or her Shop; Wareboufe or other Repofitones, and to keep the Kevs thereof till a Factor is named, or the Cuftody and Care devolved upon the Sheriff Clerk, subject in the mean time to such Orders and Directions as either the Court of Seffion or the Sheriff. mtij think proper to give, on the Application of any Party concerned, for rile Prefervation of the Effects.

XVII.	And be it enacted, that the (aid Fador or Sheriff Clerk*,

chofen as Interim Manager, ihall be entitled to take Poffeffion of-rise Bankjrtippfl whole Eftate and Effeds, and of the Bills, Note* and whose "o(her Vouchers, Title Deeds and Inftrudiona of hit j KffcB^'.ahd aftjpi df Bis, Books and Papers; and the Bankrupt fhal},* H	fiimi	of	by	the Creditors, grant Powers of Attorney., or

Zzz	other

Court to fix Meetings for choice of Fadtvt and Truftee.

Meetings advertised other wife void.

Court to grant Corami (Boo to Sheriff to attend First Meeting.

Queftioas how determined.

Sheriff may lock up Shop, See. after Sequel' (ration.

Powers and Duty of Fi€tot9 See.





70 3

C. 13 7-	54° GEO. III.	A.D.	1814.

other Deeds, which may be deemed necessary or proper for the Recovery of the Eftate and EfTe&s situate in Foreign Parts, under the Pain of fraudulent Bankruptcy, and of being deprived of all Benefit from this Statute 5 and the Factor shall lodge all Monies received by him in such Bank, or with such Banking Company, as the Creditors present at the Meeting at which he shall have been chosen shall appoint, and failing such Appointment, in the Royal Bank or Bank of Scotland, or the Bank of the Brit'tjh Linen Company, at such Interefl as can be procured for the fame, upon an Account to be opened in the Name of the Sequeftratcd Estate, and the said Factor, if required, shall find Security for his Intromiffions to such Extent as the said Majority shall think reasonable, he, or failing him the Sheriff Clerk, being always entitled to a Gratification for Trouble, to be fixed by a Majority of the Creditors in Value, assembled at any General Meeting, subject to the Modification of the Court of Seffion ; and the said Fa&or or Sheriff Clerk shall engross the Minutes of the Meeting at which he is appointed in a Book of Sederunt properly authenticated, which shall be kept by him as his Warrant for adiing; and the Principal Minutes of the said Meeting, being signed by the Magiftrate and by the Prefes of the Meeting, and by the said Fadlor or Sheriff Clerk, shall be transmitted by them to the Clerk of the Sequeflration, to be kept among the Records of the Court of Seffion.

Mereliant, &c.	XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Merchant or other Per-

m*y apply for son described as above, and noV within the Exceptions, whether Dili-w!ti^eConfent of Sence has been executed against him or not, shall make a joint Creditors to Application to the Court of Seffion along with any Creditor whose certain Extent. Debts shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling, or any Two Creditors whose Debts shall amount to the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, or any Three or more Creditors whose Debts shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling or upwards, whether such Debts be liquidated, or Hand upon open Account, and Oath being made as above to the Verity of these Debts, and the Parties or their Agent also making Oath to their Knowledge or Belief, of the Debtor's being within •ne or other of the Delcriptions, and specifying which Description, and not within the Exceptions afoiesaid, the Court is hereby authorized and required to award Sequeflration of the Debtor's Estate, Heritable and Moveable, Real and Perfonal, and the Procedure shall go on as before directed.

NoSeqtteftratiou XIX. And be it enabled, That no Sequeflration shall be awarded tgaiuft a Non- against any Perfon having an Eftate or Effe&s in Scotland, who at the time of the Application does not either reside, or has a Dwell-out hi* Con.ur- *ng House or House of Bufinefs there, or at least had such Refi* rence.	dence or Dwelling House or House of Bufinefs within a Year pre-

vious to the Application, uulefs the Debtor himself or tbofe le^lly authorized to a& for him, concur in the Application.

Eflates of	XX. And be it enabled, That the Eftatcs of all Copartnerfhips

Partncrihips carrying on Bufinefs under any of the Denominations or Defcrip-teque ate . tions a^ove fet	an(j	not W1thin the Exceptions, may be fequel-

trated upon the Application either of those entitled to act. for them, with Confent of any Creditor of such Partnerfhip whose Debt amounts to the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling, or any Two Creditors whose Debts amount to the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, or any Three or more Creditors whose Debts amount to

tj*



A.D. 1814.	540	GEO.	III.	C.	137.	7°9

the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling or upwards, or at the Application of such Creditor or Creditors themselves, whose Debts are to the Amount already mentioned ; in which last case it mull appear that Diligence has been done against one or more of the Partners for Payment of a Partnerfhip Debt, in the fame way and manner as is before required to found an Application against Individuals ; and in either case the Procedure hereby directed with regard to individual Debtors shall be followed out, and it shall be sufficient to cite the Part nor ship, by leaving a Copy at the House or Shop where their Bufinefs is or was carried on, or where any of their acting Partners reside ; and if the said House and Shop be (hut up or de-ferted by them, a Copy shall also be affixed at the Market Cross of Edinburgh^ and Pier and Shore of Leith.

‘ XXI. And Whereas it is often attended with great Inconvenience * that latent Partners of a Company do not come forward, but remain unknown when the Scqueftration of a Company’s Eftate is awarded;’ it is hereby enabled, That any Partner of a Company whose Name Latent Partners, does not appear as such in the Books of the Company, or who shall not come forward and acknowledge himself as a Partner, on or before the Day appointed for the First Examination of the Bankrupt Partners, or any of them, such Perfon shall not be entitled to any of the Benefits or Privileges of this Ad, in case it shall afterwards be difeovered that he was truly a Partner in that Concern, unless he can make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Court, that this Omiffion proceeded entirely from innocent Miftake or Ignorance of the Proceedings, or from a reasonable Mifconception of his Liability as a Partner, and shall then follow out all necefTary Steps under the Direction of the Court for remedying as far as possible the Lofg and Inconvenience thence arising.

XXII.	And be it enacted, That the Party applying for the Petition for Se« Sequeftration, whether the Creditor or Creditors alone, or the queftration re* Bankrupt with Concurrence of a Creditor or Creditors, shall cause giftered as an the Petition of Sequeftration, and the First Deliverance thereon, to he recorded in the general Regifter of Inhibitions, within Fifteen ™jj rocee m** Days after the said Deliverance is pronouneed, and the fame shall, from the Date of the Deliverance, be held equivalent to an Inhibition, and to a Citation in an Adjudication against the Debtor and his Property for Behoof of the whole Creditors, in case the Sequeftration is finally awarded, but the Proceedings ihall be of no Effed as an Inhibition, or as a Citation in an Adjudication, if such Regiftration be omitted 5 and it shall not be in the Power of the Bankrupt, after Sequeftration is awarded, to stop Proceedings by paying off the Debt on which the Diligence and Petition did proceed ; and in case of any undue Condud or Negled in these Particulars, or with regard to publishing the Advertifements before directed, whereby other Creditors may sustain a Lofs, the Petitioning Creditor or Creditors, and those acting for them, shall be liable in all Damages arising from such ■undue Condud or Omission: Providing always, that if the Debtor Sequeftration* against whom Sequeftration has been awarded without his own Con erroneously currence, or if any Creditor, who has not concurred in or consented awarded, how to the Application, shall apprehend that the Party against whom it r<ca"td-is awarded does not come within the Defcription before given, or falls under any of the Exceptions therefrom, or that there is any other good Ground for recalling the Sequeftration, and annulling the whole

Z z 3	Proceedings,





7io

Procedure at Meeting for Choice of Truftee.

Contingent Creditors not vote.

Cl 137.	54°	GEO. HI,	A.D.	t*t4-

Proceedings, such Debtor or Creditor fh*U be tit Liberty, «t any time within Sixty Days after Seoueftration is awarded, to apply to the Court of Seflion, setting forth the Grounds upon which the Sequeftration ought to be recalled 5 and this Petition being intimated to the Party or Parties at whose Inftance the Sequeftration was obtained, or their known Agent, and a reafonabie time given to make Answers thereto, and to adduce the necessary Proofs on either Side, the Court shall determine upon the fame, and either recall or confirm the Se« queftration, as the Juftice of the case nfay require ; but in the mean time, until this Matter is finally determined, the Proceedings under the Sequeftration shall go on as if no such Application had been made*

XXIII.	And be it enacted, That at the General Meeting for cboofing a Truftee, the Interim Fa&or or Sheriff Clerk shall exhibit the Book of Sederunt containing the Minute of his Appointment, together with a State of his Intromissions, and the Books and Papers in nis Pofsession, which State shall be engrossed in the fold Book of Sederunt, and the Majority of Creditors in Value or Extent of Debt present at this Meeting shall determine who is to be Truftee * but no Creditor shall be entitled to a Vote at this or any future Meeting, who has not, either then or formerly, exhibited not only an Oath Of Verity on his Debt, but also the Grounds or Vouchers thereof} and at the said or any other Meeting it ftlall be lawful for Agents or Attornies having Commifiions, either general or special, from any of the Creditors, to appear and vote in all Matters wherein their Conftituents themselves, if present, might have voted; and the Creditors may choose Two or more Trustees to a& in Suceefisoo, one failing another by Death, Refig nation or Removal, but only nee Truftee shall aft at a time 5 and in no case {hail it be competent to the Creditors to appoint as Truftee, either the Bankrupt hatnself, or any Perfon who, wkh respect to him, is by the Law of Scuiknd held to be conjunct or confident; neither shall it he competent to the Creditors to appoint as a Truftee any Perfon whose Place of Refi-dence shall be without the Jurifdi&ion of the Court of Seftea $ and if any Perfon who has been elected a Truftee shall remain at any time for Three Calendar Months forth of Scotland, it ftiall be competent to the Creditors, at any General Meeting called for that Purpofe by any of the Commissioners hereinafter mentioned, by Advertifement inter ted in the Edinburgh Gazette, Fourteen Days befofle the find Meeting, to apply to the Court of Sefiion for the Purpofe of the Creditors being authorized to declare the Appointment of the laid Truftee either Tufpended or at an End, and to appoint the Truftee next in Succession, or if there be no Truftee chosen to a^t in Sue* cession, to choose a Truftee for the Purpofe of managing the Affairs of the Bankrupt; and the Court shall thereupon, upon Caufe (hewn, authorize the Creditors to make either an interim Appointment or such an Appointment of a Truftee as shall appear to be proper* XXIV* And be it enacted, That no Perfon whose Chum upon the 10 Bankrupt Eftate is merely contingent, or depending upon an us* certain Condition, shall be entitled either to join in the Petition above mentioned for Sequeftration, or to vote in the Choice of Fattar or Truftee, or in the other Steps of Proceeding herein fpOcihed; and that any Creditor who holds a preferable Security or Lie* mpoa the Debtor’s Property, or has other Obkgant* bound with him* except where the Common Debtor in this 4aft chfe* fotb#1r. pfteripnl or

primary

LjOOQle

54° ota nr.

C« <37.	711

primary Obligaet, and liable to relieve the others, shall be obliged upon Oath to pat a Value upon such Security or collateral Obligation, so far as he may thereby be covered, and to dedud such Value from his Claim, and to give his Vote in all Matters respecting the Bankruptcy as Creditor only for the Balance, which Balance shall be fpecihed in hi9 Affidavit, without Prejudice to his correding his Valuation afterwards, and without Prejudice to the Amount of his Debt in other respects.

XXV* And be it enacted, That at the said Meeting for choosing Bankrupt toex-• Truftee, the Bankrupt shall exhibit, or cause to be exhibited, a h»hi* Stats of State of his Affairs, specifying the whole Eflate and Effeds Heritable Affairs* mud Moveable, Real and Perfonal, wherever situated, belonging to him, and Debts due to him, including any Eflate in Expedanc^ which he may have an eventual Right to by Contrad of Marriage,

Entail or otherwise, and specifying also the Debt9 due by him, or Demands upon him, so far as they are known to him, and also a Rental of his Lands, and an Inventory or Lift of his Books, Papers,

Accounts, Bills, Notes and Title Deeds, or other Documents of hi# Eslate; which State, Rental and Inventory shall be engrofied Interim Mail the Sederunt Book, the fame being duly authenticated by the n<*sei exone* Prefes of the Meeting, who shall deliver the said Book of Sederunt% rate «nd the Title Deeds of the Heritable Eslate, to the Truftee so sMjned, and shall deliver the other Papers to the Interim Fador or (Sheriff Clerk, to be kept by him until the fame are duly taken off hi# Hands by the Truftee, upon being discharged of his Intro-srtiffions, and satisfied of all Demands which he has against the Eflate Cor Advances of Money, Commiffion or Trouble.

, XXVI- And be it enacted, That so (bon as the said Truftee Truftee on find? shall have declared his Acceptance, and found Security for his In-^tromiffions and faithful Management, to the Extent required by the Court*; * Majority of the Creditors in Value at the aforesaid Meeting, the Mi- * flutes of the said Meeting shall be reported to the Court of Seftion by the Truftee, a Copy of them being previously entered in the Sederunt Book 1 and if 110 good Objedion is made to the Truftee, his Nomination shall be confirmed, and he shall then have a Right to? call for, and take into his Cuftody, all Books, Accounts, Vouchers' of Debt, Securities and other Papers and Documents relative to the;

Eflate or to the Affairs of the Bankrupt, and to account with and discharge the Interim Manager, and likewise to take such legal Stepr a#; may be effectual for recovering the PofTeffion of the Eflate and Effeds, wherever situated, he being always entitled to a reafortable ami entitled to Allowance or Commiffion for his Trouble, to be fixed by the Cotn* Commiflion. md&oners hereinafter mentioned, previous to each Dividend.

v XXVII. And be it enabled, That in case any Queftion fhafl arise Difputed Oec-as to die Election, either of the Interim Fador or of the Truftee, ^Xruftee!^ the fame shall be reported to the Court of Seffion, and it shall be ** ru competent either to the Court in time of Seffion, or to the Lord1 Ordinary on the Bills in time of Vacation, to decide in the most ftimmary manner on the Merits of such Eledion.

XXVIII.	And be it enacted, That in such case the unsuccessful Exptncthow Party daimiag to have been elected Interim Fador or Truftee, shall pdd. pay the Expences of the Proceeding 5 and no Part of the Expences of either Party shall be paid out of the Bankrupt Eftate ; save and except in the case of the Sheriff Clerk, with Reference to whose Ex-

Z z 4

pence#

Jy 



712

Eftate verted ii> Trullee by Diu pofirion, by virtue of Ad,

bv Decreet of Adjudication of Couit.

Enta'ded Property how far veiled.

Adjudication recorded. .

EfTeds of Adjudication.

C. 137.	j4° GEO. HI.	AJD.	1814.

pences the Court shall and may give such Diredion^ eud make Inch Order as to them shall seem fit.	;

XXIX.	And be it enabled, That the Nomination of the Trade* being thus reported and approved of, the Qourt shall at the fame time ordain the Bankrupt to execute and deliver, within a certain reasonable time to be specified in the Interlocutor, a JDifpofition or other proper Deed or Deeds of Conveyance or Alignment, making over to the said Trullee or Truilees, in their Order, his whole Ellate and Effcdls, Heritable and Moveable, Real and Perfonal, wherever situated, and which shall fpecialiy deferibe and convey the Premises, so far as they are known, or so far as the Trullees shall think it necessary, and be in fucli Form and Style as may effectually veil the Right in him, with full Powers of Recovery and Sale, for behoof of the Creditors ; and if the Bankrupt shall, without reasonable Cause, neglect or refuse to obey such Order, the Court may puni(h him by Imprifonment; and in all Events, whether such Deed or Deeds be executed or not, it is hereby declared and enacted. That the fatd whole Ellate and Efsects, of whatever Kind, and wherever situated (in so far as may be confident with the Daws of othw Countries, when the Effects are out of Scotland1, shall be deemed and held to be veiled in the said Trullee or Truilees in Succession, for behoof of the Creditors ; and the Court shall, in the Adi or Order above mentioned, declare every Ri£ht, Title and Interect, which was formerly in the Bankrupt, to be now in the Trullee for the Purpofes aforesaid, and particularly shall adjudge, decern and declare the whole Lands, and other Heritable Ellate belonging to the Bankrupt, within the Jurifdi<tion of the Court, and which, as far as known, shall beefpecially enumerated and deferibed, to pertain and belong to the Trullee or Truilees in Succession, absolutely and irredeemably, to the end that the fame may be fold, levied and recovered, and converted into Money for Payment of the Creditors; which Adjudication, being in the Nature of an Adjudication in Implement, as well 38 for Payment or Security of Debt, shall be subject to no legal Re-yerfion : Declaring always, that if any Part of the Bankrupt’s Pro* perty happens to be entailed, or other wife of a limited nature, the Conveyance to be executed by him, or the Decree of Adjudicatioo to be obtained by the Trullee, shall only be underllood to carry that Right and Interell in the Ellate which the Bankrupt himself has, and can safely convey, and which his Creditors can validly attach.

XXX.	And be it enabled, That the Trullee shall cause the Ad or Order afpresaid, adjudging the Ellate of the Baukrupt, to be re* corded within Fifteen Days of the Date thereof in the Regifter of Abbreviates of Adjudications, in the lame manner and to the fame effect that Abbreviates of Adjudications mull be recorded ; and this being done, the Truftee (half be entitled, for behoof of the whol* Creditors, to rank in the fame manner upon the Heritable Ellate, as if it had been a Common Decree of Adjudication obtained, and rendered effectual at the Date of the First Deliverance on the Petition for Sequeftration, accumulating the whole Debts of the Bask* nipt, Principal and Interect, as at that Period, and adjudging for Security or Payment thereof so as to rank pari pqjfv with any prior effectual Adjudication within Year and Day of the Fam* ;

jt shall further operate as a complete Attachment and Transfer of the Moveable or Perfonal Ellate for bchpof of all the Creditors, at the -

\





7*3

A*I}i (814.

540 GEO. III.

C.137-

Date of the firft* Deliverance aforesaid, without the necessity of Intimation 5 and the said Difposition, Adjudication or Transfer, shall not be reducible upon any Ground of Law, nor struck at by any prior Inhibition ; Saving' always the Fffe& which such Inhibition may be entitled to in the ranking against Contractions of Debt by the Bankrupt posterior to the Inhibition : And provided always, that the said Provifa Difpoiition or Adjudication of the Heritable Eltate by the ACt or Order of the Court, or any Adjudication in Name of the Factor or Interim Manager during the Dependence of a Judicial Sale, shall have no Effe& upon any Queltion of Succeflion between the Heir and Executor of the Creditor.

XXXI.	And be it enacted, That upon the said Difpofition or Feudal Title* Decree of Adjudication the Feudal Titles requiiite by the Law of may be com-Scotland to vest Heritable Property shall and may be made up, either Pleted on

in the Perfon of the Truftee, or in the Perfon of the Purchaser from bim, in virtue of such Truftee’s Conveyance, agreeably to the Forms of the Law of Scotland ; and each Truftee succeeding a prior Trullee Succeeding through Death, Refignation or Removal (unlefs substituted at the Truitce how to first Nomination, in which case no other Form is neceflary), shall ve e * be veiled in the Right, either by Difpofition from the former Truftee or by Ajudication obtained by the new Truftee, on a summary Application to the Court of Seflion as before mentioned ; and the Su- Superior to re-perior shall, if required, be obliged to enter the Truftee or Trustees, ",ve Truitee as or Purchafer, in the fame manner as he is directed by an A 61 made * in the Twentieth Year (a) of His late Majefty’s Reign, for abo-lilhing Ward Holdings ; and if the Truftee shall afterwards discover Heritable Eftate any other Heritable Eftate belonging to the Bankrupt, and which atterwyd* dii-belonged to him at the Date of the first Deliverance aforesaid, the veiled *	*

fame shall, on an Application to the Court of Seflion by the Truftee, be adjudged in manner before directed, and to the fame EffeCl; and Eftates to which in case the Bankrupt’s own Titles to any Part of the Eftate Herit- Bankrupt has able or Moveable, Real or Perfonal, which belonged to him at that Period, or to which he had then succeeded as apparent Heir, nearelt Vdted! °* in Kin or otherwise, to any Predeceflor, have not been so completed as to vest the Right properly in him, the Truftee shall take the molt safe and eligible Method of completing the Bankrupt’s Title in such way and manner as the Law requires, which Title shall accrefco to that already acquired by the Truftee, in the fame way as if it had been completed prior to the Difpofition by the Bankrupt, or Adjudication against him 5 declaring that the Rules of Preference or Ranking between the Creditors of the Anceftor and those of the Heir by the Law of Scotland, are not meant to be altered by any thing contained in this A&.	(a)	[20 G. 2. r.yo.j

XXXII.	And be it enacted, That within Eight Days after the Sheriff to fir

Appointment of the Trustees is confirmed by the Court of Seflion, Two Diets fur he mall apply to the Sheriff of the County where the Debtor re-	f

fides, or where his Bulinefs was carried on, who is hereby autho-

rized and required to name one Day, not being less than Fourteen Days, nor more than Three Weeks from the Date of the Application, and another Day, being not less than Fourteen Days, nor more than Three Weeks, after the First Day so named, for the Public Examination of the Bankrupt upon the State of his Affairs* and all ctrcumftances relative thereto, in the Sheriff Court House of the District, or such other Place as the Sheriff shall tliink proper to

appoint.

V 4

C. 137.

54* GEO; HI.

A. O.1814.

Fee.

Truftee* to ad* vettife Diets, &c.

Warrant granted to bring Bank, rupt to be examined.

Truftee mi/

at any time eumioe.

and may get B ankrupt protected till ex*

Procedure m Examination.

appoint, a Fee of One Guinea each Sitting being allowed to the Sheriff Depute or Subftitutc who officiates; and the Truftee mar also, if he finds it necessary for the Purpofe of obtaining a full Dif-covery of the Bankrupt’s Eftate arid EffeCU, insist for au Examination of his Wife, and others of his Family, or connected with his Bufi-fiefs, upon all proper Interrogatories, which Examinations are to be taken upon Oath (if required; before the Sheriff, at one or other of the £aid Diets, or upon any intermediate Day ; and after the said Diets are fixed, the Truftee shall immediately publish an Advertife-ment in the Edinburgh Gazette, and in the London Gazette, intimating to the Creditors his Appointment as Truftee on the Bankrupt Estate, the Two Day6 fixed for the Examination of the Bankrupt, and that on the First lawful Day immediately succeeding the lafl of these Examinations, a Meeting of the Creditors is to be held at the fame Place, and requiring the Creditors to produce, in the Truftee’s Hands, their Claims and Vouchers or Grounds of Debt, with their Oaths on the Verity thereof, at or previous to the said Meeting, if not already produced, and farther intimating, that unlef* the said Produ&ions are made between and a certain Day specified in the Advertifement, being Ten Months after the Date of the First Deliverance on the Petition for Sequeftration, the Party neglecting shall have no Share in the First Diftribution of the Debtor’s Eftate under the Exceptions afterwards provided for; and the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute shall, if necessary, issue his Warrant for apprehending the Bankrupt, or any of his Family, or others coo-ne&ed with his Bufinefs, who are to be examined within his Jurif-diction, in order to force their Appearance at the Diets of Examination, or if they be without his JurifdiCtion, the Court of Seifion shall, on the Application of the Truftee, grant such War* rant for apprehending and bringing them before the Judge who is to take the Examination as aforesaid ; and if any of these Perfons shall happen to be indisposed or otherwise unable to attend at that time in the Place appointed for Examination, the Court of Sefiion, or the Sheriff, may give the necessary Directions for examining them elsewhere, and it shall be competent for the Truftee to apply at any time for re-examining them, or for examining such Perfons of the above Defcription as have not already been examined, upon due Advertifement given in manner aforesaid; and the Court of Seflion shall likewise, in case it be necessary, grant a Perfonal Protection to the Bankrupt on the Application of the Truftee, for such time as may be requisite for enabling him to attend the Diets of Examination, or may grant Warrant to Meffengers at Arms, or other Officers of the Law, to bring his Perfdn out of Prifon, or the SanCtuary, in order to attend such Meetings, and thereafter to carry him back.

XXXIII. And bC it ertaCted, That at the said Examinations the Bankrupt shall be allowed to make such Additions to or Alterations upon the State of his Affairs exhibited at the Meeting when the Truftee was chosen, as may have cccunUd to him since the find Meeting, and are neceffafv to be fet forth to give a pctieCk View of his Affairs; and the said Additions and Alterationi shall also be engrossed in the Book of Sederunt, with the whole Examinations of the Bankrupt, and fubferibed by the Judge Examinotor and by the Bankrupt, and likewise by the Truftee; and at the last of the Two

Diets





7lS

A.D. 1814.	<4*	GEO.	1IL	C.	137.'

Diets appointed for hik Examination, the Bankrupt shall take and ftibfcribe the following Oath :

. I D0» the Prefence of Almighty God, and as I shall answer Bankrupt’s 4 to God at the great Day of Judgment, solemnly swear, That 0ath* the State of my Affairs, engrossed in this Book, contains a full and true Account of all the Debts of whatever Nature due to me, and of all my Eftate and Effedls, Heritable and Moveable, Real or Perfonal (the necessary Wearing Apparel of myself, my Wife, and Family excepted) as well as of all Claims which I am entitled to make against any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, and of all Eftate in Expedtancy, or Means of whatever kind, which 1 have an eventual Right to by Contradl of Marriage, Deed of Entail, or otherwise, to the belt of my Knowledge ; and that the said State likewise contains a full and trne Account of all Debts due by md, or Demands upon me, so far as I know or can remember;

4 and that I fyave delivered up the whole Books, Documents, Ac-x counts and Papers of every kind belonging to me, which in any { way relate to my Affairs; and which were in my PoffelTion or

*	under my Power, and have made a full Difclofure of every Parti* r cular relating to my Affairs; and further I swear, that I shall 4 forthwith reveal all and every other Circumftance or Particular

relative to my Affairs, or which may tend so increase or dimini/h

*	my Estate, or in which my Creditors may be interested directly or

4 indirectly, which may at any time hereafter come to my Know-4 ledge.	So	help	me	GOD.»

And if the Perfon thus called upon is a Copartner with others, and {gammed respecting the Partnerfhip Affairs, the Words of the said Oath /hall only be varied by the Judge as to make it applicable to the case; which Oath being annexed to the Proceedings in the Book of Sederunt, /hall also be fubferibed by the Sheriff Depute

0r Subftitute 5 and if the Bankrupt be one of the People called Affirmation off • Quakers, it /hall be sufficient to take his solemn Affirmation upon Pitied.*5 * ~ the Matters contained in the said Oath, and likewise in all other cases where an Oath is required by this Statute; and all Perfons couvi&ed of taking the above Oath or Affirmation falsely, shall be held as guilty of Perjury, and of fraudulent Bankruptcy, and Fraudulent puni/hed accordingly, and for ever rendered incapable of holding J ul,ts* any Office of Public Truft or Emolument; declaring also, that if the Bankrupt /hall wilfully fail to exhibit a fair State ofnis Affairs, or to make Oath in the Terms above specified, or to make a complete Sur-render, he /hall be coniidered as a fraudulent Bankrupt, and puni/hed accordingly, and rendered ever after incapable of holding any Office of Public Truft or Emolument; and in either case /hall forfeit Penalties, every Benefit or Privilege arising from this present A6t, and be accounted infamous, and incapable of giving Evidence in any Court of Juftke, or of fitting or aCting on any Affize or Jury,

XXXIV.	And be it enacted, That the Creditors assembled at * Meeting to give Meeting to be held Fourteen Days after the last Examination of the	about

Bankrupt, or on the First lawful Day after Expiration of the faid	°

Fourteen Days, /hall examine into the State of the Bankrupt** '	*

Affairs, and into the Proceedings which till then have been held, and give Directions to the Truftee for the Recovery and Difpofal of the Bankrupt’s Eftate! and the Truftee /hall be obliged to follow

the





A.D. 1814.

and to choose Commilfioners.

Meetings of Commiflione rs.

State rf Bankrupt Eftjte exhibited, after U(l Examination of Bankrupt.

Similar State exnibited once in every Three Months.

Sequeftrated Fund hove divided.

Payments, &c. of Bankrupt after fi ft Deliverance void.

C.137.	540 GEO. III.

the Diredlions and Rules preferibed by a Majority in Value of the Creditors assembled at this Meeting, or at any After Meeting, called for the Purpose, as after directed 5. and at the said Meeting, after the lad Examination, the Majority in Value of Creditors present /hall also name any Three of the Creditors as Commiflioners for the Purpofe of auditing the Truftee’s Accounts, settling his Commission, concurring with him in Submillions and Compromises, and giving their Advice and Afliftance to him in any other Matters relative to the Management of the Bankrupt or Truft Estate, subject always to the Controul of General Meetings; and in case of any Difpute about the Ele&ion of these Commiflioners, the fame shall be reported to and summarily advised by the Court of Sefiion or Lord Ordinary on the Bills, in the manner before directed as to the Election of Interim Fa&or and Truftee.

XXXV.	And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Commiflioners to meet at any time they may think fit, for the Purpofe of ascertaining the Situation of the Bankrupt Estate, and of examining the Adis and Tranfadlions of the Truflee, and to make such Reports as they or any One of them may think proper to make from time to time, to a General Meeting of the Creditors which they or any One of them may call by Advertifement in the Edin~ hurgh Gazette, upon Fourteen Days previous Notice.

XXXVI.	And be it enacted, That at such General Meetings held after the last Examination of the Bankrupt, there shall be exhibited a State of the Bankrupt’s Eflate made up by the Trullee, with an Eftimation or Valuation of what he expels at the time it will produce, according to the bell of his Judgment, upon the Information procured from the Bankrupt or otherwise, which State shall be inserted in the Sederunt Book, and signed by the Prefea of the Meeting.

XXXVII.	And be itenacted, That a similar State and Eftimate, or Valuation, shall be made out by the Truftee and exhibited to the Commiflioners once in every Three Months thereafter, (hewing the Debts and Effedls recovered, and those remaining outstanding at the time when each such State shall be made up 5 and eve^y such State shall be inserted in the Sederunt Book, and signed by the Commif-fioners, and when Notice of a Dividend is given, it shall also be notified in the Advertifement or Notice, that such State or States, as well as the State of the Ranking of the Creditors, are lying in the Hands of the Truflee for the Infpe&ion of the Creditors.

XXXVIII.	And be it enabled, That the whole Eflate and Effedls of whatever Kind, belonging to the Bankrupt at the Period of the Sequeflration, or the Produce thereof, after paying all Charges, shall be a Fund of Divifion among those who were his Creditors prior to the Date of the First Deliverance aforesaid,* and none elfe, regard being had to Preferences obtained by Securities, or by Diligence, before the said Deliverance, and not expressly let aside by this Adi, but to no other Claims of Preference ; and all Payments made by the Debtor to any of his Creditors after the Date afore-said, shall be void and ineffcdhial to the Receivers in the. Event of a Sequeftration taking place, and the Truftee shall be entitled to recover the Money so paid as Part of the Bankrupt’s Eftate ; and all Tranfadlions.of the Bankrupt subsequent to the said Date, from which any Prejudice may arise to the Creditors, shall be null and void j declar-

CjOOQle

A.D. 1814.

540 GEO. m.

C. 137.	717

ing always, that nothing herein contained shall oblige a bonaJide Pur-chafer of any Part of the Moveable Etfedls from the Bankrupt, while iu actual Pofleflion, and for a Price truly paid, to restore the Effe&s so purchased, nor the Debtor of a Bankrupt who has paid his Debt to him, bona jidey before he knew of the Bankruptcy, to pay it a Second time to the Truftee.

XXXIX. And be it enabled, That if posterior to the Sequeftra-tion, any Eftate or Effects shall devolve upon the Bankrupt, either in the way of Succession, or otherwise, he shall be obliged, immediately when such Event happens, to make a full Dilcovery thereof to the Truftee, and shall at all times, when required by the Truftee, declare upon Oath before the Judge Ordinary, or any Magittrate or Juftice of Peace, whether any such Eftate or Effedts have come to or devolved upon him, in order that the Truftee may have an Opportunity of taking such Steps as are necessary or proper for the Inte-reft of his Conftituents, and the Truftee shall likewise give Notice thereof to the Creditors, either at the next General Meeting, or by advertising a Meeting for the Purpofe.

XL. And be it enacted, That no Arreftment of the Bankrupt’s Effe&s used at any time within Sixty Days' before the Date of the first Deliverance on the Petition for Sequeltration, shall give a Preference to the arresting Creditor in the Event of Sequcftration taking place, but that in every such case the Effedts arretted shall be made forthcoming to the Truftee 5 and in case they have been adtuallv recovered by the arresting Creditor, the Truftee shall nevertheless be entitled to demand and receive the fame from him as Part of the Fund of Division, in the fame way as if the Arreftment had been used for the Creditors at large 5 and in like manner no Poinding of a Debtor’s Effedts, not completely executed Sixty Days at lead before such Deliverance, shall give any Right or Preference to the Poinder in the Event of Sequeltration taking place, but the Poinder shall be obliged to deliver to the Fadtor or Truftee the Goods poinded, if not fold or disposed of, when he is required so to do ; and in case they are then fold or disposed of, he (hail pay, or cause to be paid to the Truftee, the whole net Price of the Goods poinded, and which shall make Part of the Fund to be distributed among the Creditors : Provided always, that all Arrelters and Poinders, who shall be deprived of the Benefit of their respective Diligence in consequence of a Sequef-tration, shall be entitled to demand or retain the Expence bona Jide laid out by them in prosecuting such Diligences.

XLI. And be it enabled, That the Truftee shall proceed to recover and convert into Money, in the speediest and most effectual manner the whole Eftate under his Management or Power, whether at Home or in Foreign Parts, in order that the fame may be distributed among the Creditors 5 and he shall, if required at any time by One Fourth of the Creditors in Value, who have produced and proved their Claims, be obliged to call a General Meeting, or he himself may, on any Emergency, call such Meeting, sufficient previous Intimation of every occasional Meeting, and the Purpofe of calling it, being always given by Advertifement in the Edinburgh Gazette and London Gazette^ a Fortnight at least before the Meeting ; and all Refolutions of the Creditors at their General Meetings shall be final and conclu* live, unless objected to and complained of by a Petition to the Court of Sefiion, within Thirty Days after the Meeting.

XLII. And

Provifo for bona fide Transitions.

E (fates devolving on Bankrupt after Sequestration.

Arreftments and

Poindings within Sixty D.iys of Se* qudlration void.

Provifo.

Truftee to proceed to Recovery of Elhte; and to c« 11 occasional Meetings, if required.





7>8

Heritable Property of B-inkiupts 1 ww difj oi'ed of.

Provifa.

No Adjudication competent alter Se^udlracion.

Monies re* covered by Truftee deposited iu Bank.

C-13?*	$4*	GEO.	Ill,	A.D.	1814*

XLII. And be it enacted, That if any Part of the fequeftratsd Eftate consists of Land or other Heritable Subje&t, it shall be optional to * Majority of Creditors in Value to determine, at the Meeting aforesaid, held after the lafl Examination of the Bankrupt, or any other Meeting advertised for the Parpofe whether the Truftee is to bring the said Heritable Eftate to judicial 8ale before the Court of Sefiion, or to dispose thereof by voluntary Public Sale; and if the latter Mode is adopted, the Sale made after fnch AdvertifemeIltJ, and at such upset Price, and upon such Articles and Conditions as shall be fixed by a Majority of the laid Commissioners, ihall be valid and effectual, with and under the Burden of all Real Secnrities or other Lien6 upon the Estate, in so far as the fame are preferable to the Difpofition or Decree veiling the {aid Eftate in the Truftee, but which Burden shall go no farther than to the Extent of the Price; and the Purchafer shall have no Concern with the Application of the Price after Satisfaction of the preferable Securities aforesaid; and if a Majority of Creditors iu Value determine for a judicial Sale, the Truftee shall be obliged forthwith to proceed ks the fame, and shall be entitled to carry it on as to a Part of the Estate, without including the Whole, and without any other Proof of Bankruptcy tlian the Act of Sequcftration ; and it shall be enough to call the Bankrupt himself, and his Real Creditors in Poffefficm, upon a Citation of Fifteen Days, whether they are within the Kingdom or not, and the edi&al Citations shall be dispensed with: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained shall bar the Right which any Real Creditor may have by the Law, as it Rands at present, to bring In Debtor’s Eftate to a judicial Sale at his own Inftaiuter u&feftfecfr Sale has been previously brought at the Inftance of the TruAve, of unlefa a Majority of the Creditors in Value shall have provfoully determined upon a voluntary Sale \ and in the Event of the Effete being fold by judicial Sale, the Balance of the Price, if- there be any, after satisfying the preferable Securities aforesaid, fhnM he paid into the Hands of the Truftee, as a Part of the Fund of Divifiow to be* made by him among the Creditors in general, she Furchafcr befog' always entitled, upon making full Payment of the Price* whether tie Lands have been fold in the one way or in the othes, to a Di&hargt from the Truftee, which shall have the Efifed completely to difto-cumber the Subjed acquired; and further, the Crtdffcovs Ani be entitled to draw their Shares of the Price in virtue of the Dtiprik tion and Adjudication before mentioned, without the Nectffity orisji other Adjudication ; and no other Adjudication led or madesffe&ul after the Date of the First Deliverance aforesaid, shall have any Bftdf in Competition with the Right of the Creditors under the Sequefc tration : Provided always, that where Heritable Property beksuftig to the Bankrupt, after having been duly advertised for Sale, Audi lave been Three times expofod to judicial or public Salt without Effedy it shall be competent to theTruftee, with Content of a Majority uftbl Commifiioners, and with the Approbation: of a General Meeting of the Creditors called for the Purpose, to fell the fbid HwildWe perty by private Sale, provided the Price at which it shall be fold Audi not bo left than the last upset Price at.which it hadbees opdd to public Sale without Efifedt.	-•*

XL III- And be it euatted. That the Tivftue fhaRbs*Ni^fo lodge all Money ha teeeirtn ia iuch Banky or with'

5	Company,

CjOOQle

A.D. 1814.	54*GEO.	in*	C. 137#	Qip

Company, as Four Fifths of the Creditors in Number ftnd Value at any General Meeting shall appoint, and failing such Appointment, in the Royal Bank or Bank of Scotland, or in the Bank of the Briti/b Linen Company, upon an Account to be opened in the Name of the lequeftyatcd Estate, at such Intereft as can be procured for the fame, and never to retain in his own Hands above the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling for the Space of Ten Days, otherwise to be liable to the Creditors for Twenty per Centum per Annum on whatever exceeds the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling, in the Name of Intereft and Damages; and it shall be competent to the said Commiftioners, or to any One of them, at any time when they shall think proper, to compare the Sums so lodged from time to time by the Truftec, with the Sums received by him, and to examine the Sums drawn by him from such Bank, and disbursed by him in Payment for or on Account of the Bankrupt Estate; and the said Commiftioners are hereby required, at the time when they audit the Accounts of the Truftee in manner herein directed, to cause an Entry to be made in the Sederunt Book, certifying that they have made such Comparifon and Examination, and whether they have found the Money received by the Truftee regularly and duly lodged by him in the manner herein directed, and whether the fame has been duly drawn out and disbursed on Account of the Bankrupt Eftate ; and in every case where it shall appear that the Money received by the Truftee shall not have been regularly and duly lodged by him in the manner herein directed, the Comnudfioners are hereby required to make a summary Application to the Court to compel the Truftee to pay at the Rate of Twenty Poundia per Centum per Annum upon every Sum above Fifty Pounds Sterling, at any time retained by him in his Hands, beyond the Space of Ten Pqys, which Money so recovered shall be lodged in the Bank or Banking Company, with whom an Account wall have been opened as aforesaid for the sequestrated Eftate.

XLJV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Bank or Truftee not t# Banking Company, with whom Money belonging to a sequestrated have in Intereft Eilat? mall be lodged, either by the Interim Fador or Truftee, shall ,n ***• not he on? in which such Interim Fador or Truftee shall be an acting Partner* Manager or Cafhier.

XLV. And be it enacted, That the Truftee shall mark the Pro- Truftee to dudions made to him of the Claims of the several Creditors, and mar,c >nd their Vouchers, or Grounds of Debt, and certified Accounts, with the Oaths of Verity upon the said Claims, and make a Minute or to bimVind to Entry thereof, and of the Date of Produdion, in the Book of keep regular Sederuntbut he shall return the Vouchers or Grounds of Debt, if Account* dr fired, to the Claimant or his Agent, and he shall be obliged to keep a regular Book of Accounts with the Bankrupt’s Estate, and to make the fame patent at all times to any of the Creditors, or their Agents, or to any of the said Commiftioners who desire to fee the fame, and within Ten Days after the Expiration of Ten Calendar Months from the Date of the First Deliverance on the Petition for SeqpeftfatiQO, the Commiftioners, or a Majority of them, shall audit the Truftee’a Accounts, and, by a Minute under their Hands, in the Book pf Sederunt, shall ascertain the Sum to be allowed the Truftee in Name of Commiftion, and likewise the nett Proceeds ofsthpjvftate recovered, at the Expiration of the said Ten Months; which, after making a reafooable Deduction tar contingent Ex-

pences,



7*9

First Dividend,

to be advert tied

if Objections nude,

Depofit'on to be made in Bank.

Court of Seflion, to determine Queftions relative to objected Claims, Lc.

Shares not called for de-polited.

Second Division, See.

C. 137.	54°GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

pence#, shall beconfldered as belonging to the Creditors who ba*e produced their Claims and Grounds of Debt, and Oaths of Verity, i prior to the Date of the said Minute ? and the Truftee shall be obliged, within the Space of One Calendar Month after the Expiration ot the said Ten Months, to make up a State of the Debts entitled as befot* to a Share of the said First Dividend, calculating Intereft on each ap to the Date of the First Deliverance on the Petition for Seqoeftiw- | tion, with a Scheme or Call apportioning the Fund of Dmfiott among them, with the Dedudlion already mentioned, according to their due Order of Ranking ; and the Truftee shall also, at the Tama time, make up a State of the Funds belonging to the Bankrupt still unrecovered, and of the Money remaining in Bank, after Deduction of the Sum so to be divided, which Scheme and State (haU lie open for the Infpe&ion of the Creditors, or their Agents, in the Truftee’s Hands, for the Space of One Month longer, at the usual Place where the Truftce’s Buftnefs is carried on 5 and on the firil lawful Day after the Expiration of One complete Year from the Date of the First Deliverance on the Petition for Sequeilratieo, the Dividend shall be paid, and the Truftee shall give One Month’s* previous Notice thereof, by Advertifrment in the Newfpaper afore* said ; and by putting into the Poft Office of the Place where he-resides, printed Notices addressed to each Creditor claiming on the Estate, which Advertifement and printed Notice shall also bear, that the State and Scheme lie in his Hands for the Infpe&ion of the C*-' ditors ; and in case any of the Debts claimed upon shall be objected in Whole or in Part, or their Place in the Ranking disputed, or other Objeftion shall be made to the Scheme, as drawn out by the Truftee, a Share of the Fund, corresponding tp the utmost Amount of the Sums or Dividends to which the disputed Articles may he-i entitled, and to any contingent Expences which the Truftee^ with. Confent of a Majority of the Commissioners named by the Credit** as aforesaid, may think reasonable, shall be left in the Bank -or Banking House where the Monies were deposited as aforesaid, till such Queftions lire determined, either by Arbitration or Compromise, or by the Court of Seflion; and the said Court is hereby authorized and required to determine the fame summarily, upon the Application of the Truftee, or of any other Party interfiled; jLud when any such Application is made, it shall be competent for any Creditor to produce his Interect, and to have his Debt prosed and constituted, if necessary, without raising a separate A&ion for the Purpofe 5 and if, in the Event of such Queftion, the laid Sum,; or any Part of it, shall remain unapplied to the Debt or Debts for which it was claimed, the fame shall go into the Fund for fob-fequent Diftribution 5 aud the Shares of Creditors not called foe at the time of Diftribution shall again be forthwith deposited as before, on their Rilk, at such Intereft as can be got for the fame.

XLVL And be it enacted, That within Ten Days after the Expiration of Sixteen Calendar Months from the Date of the Firil Dc.’iver» ance on the Petition for Sequeftration, the Commiffioners^ or the Majority of them shall in like manner audit the Truftee’s Acqouqu w«V; the Bankrupt’s Estate, and by a Minute under their Hands in the -Book of Sederunt shall ascertain the Truftee’s Commission; and the/. Truftee shall, 'within One Calendar Month after the said Sixteen : Months,-make up another Scheme of Diviiiou of the Sups ftcowrd

’ "among

CjOOQle

A<D. rS 14.	543	GEO.	III.	C.	137.	-	7»*

among the Creditors who shall then have produced th^ir Interefts and Oaths of Verity as before, with new States of the Bankrupt’s Out-ftanding Funds, and of the Sum remaining in the Bank, it any be, which shall in like manner remain open for Infpedtion during One Month longer, at the Expiration whereof, or on the first lawful Day* thereafter, the Dividend shall be paid, after the like previous Ad-verttfement and printed Notices, being exactly at the Diftance of Eighteen Calendar Months from the Date of the First Deliverance aforesaid : and if any of the Debts are objected to, the Procedure above mentioned shall be followed out, and the like Procedure shall be followed out at similar Intervals of time thereafter, to the Effe& that a Dividend may be made at the End of every Six Months, until the whole Funds of the Bankrupt are collected and distributed among hi* Creditors: Provided always, that after the Second Dividend is made, a Majority of the Creditors in Value, at any General Meeting called for the Purpofe in manner before specified, may determine that future Dividends shall be made after a shorter Interval, and the Affairs of the Truft brought to a more speedy Clofe ; and even before the Period assigned for the First Dividend as aforesaid, it shall be competent to Four Fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value piefent at the Meeting after the last Diet of the Bankrupt’s Examination, or at any After Meeting called for the Purpose, to dire# the Tmftee to apply for the Authority of the Court "of Seflion to make the First Dividend at an earlier Period than the End of the Ftfft Year, but not earlier than Six Months from the Date of the First Deliverance aforesaid, if upon Caufe shewn it shall be found expedient so to do, and also to accelerate the time for making the Sttoftf hnd other Dividends; and in case there be any Failure to ntitfke fetch Dividends in the manner hereby directed, it shall be compact fdr any One Creditor either to apply by Petition to the Court • of'Seffibn to have the Truftee removed, or to require him to call a General Meeting of the Creditors to deliberate what Courfe shall be taken 5 and no Creditor shall draw any Share of the different Diftri- No Share of buttons,’ unless his Grounds of Debt, and Oath on the Verity thereof, Dividend drawn shall have been lodged with the Truftee previous to the respective G*°un<** times before mentioned when the Dividends are afeertained by the Produce * Commissioners, but he shall be entitled in the next Diftribution ’	i

which happens after the Grounds of Debt are so produced and proved, to draw out of the first of the remaining Fund of the Bankrupt Estate, a Sum equal to the former Dividend or Dividends on hi*

Debt, with Dedu&ion of the Intereft obtained on the said Dividends, which i3 to be retained by the Truftee for the common Behoof, on account of the Creditors Delay, unless there shall be sufficient Funds for the Payment of all the Creditors, in which Event the said Creditor shall also ultimately receive full Payment of his Debt; and in Preferences to making up the said Schemes of Division, all Debts claimed on, which continue *s be-are entitled to a Preference by the Law of Scotland, not altered by fore* tfcfls A<51, shall be preferred accordingly.	^

XLVII. And be it enabled, That in all Queftions upon this A61, Debts claimed Perfons to whom the Debtor is under Obligation to pay Money at a ™ certain future time, shall be accounted Creditors de prefenti for the Ateount or the Money, diTcounting the Intereft to the Term of Payment specified in the Obligation, and may prove their Debts ip the ‘ 54 GlO. III.	3	A	fame

CjOOQle

AJ>.ltl4r

1%X	C.137.	54°GEO.IIL

Contingent

Debts.

Mode of settling Intcrett.

Securities on Bankrupt Eftate deduced from Amount of Claim.

Creditor obtain-ing Payment from Eft ate after lull De-

fame way as other Creditors, and shall be entitled to their rateable Dividends accordingly*	^

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That where a Claim it eoQertd, bja Creditor upon any Obligation, the Exidence or.Amount of winch depends upon a Contingency which is dill unafoertaioed at the P*rio4 of lodging the Claim, the Trudee shall rank the Claimant at if tbt Condition were purified; but the Dividend or Sum which the Claim-ant would be entitled in that case to draw, shall again be deposited in the Bank or Banking House appointed by the Creditors as before, or lent out on Heritable Security by the Trudee at the Sight of the Claimant, at such Rate of Intered as can be got for the fame, and the Intered thereupon aridng shall belong to the Creditors and be included tn the Fund for their Dividends, until the Contingency upon which the Obligation depends shall be declared, when the Dividend fa depe* sited shall belong to the Claimant, or the other Creditors, according.to the Terms of the Obligation.	.	<

. XLIX. And be it enacted, That the Mode of settling Intered qpon Claims shall be as follows; namely, the Principal Sura of each Debt on which Intered is chargeable, together with the bygone lir tered due upon it, if there be any, shall be accumulated as at the Date of the (aid Fird Deliverance, for the Purpofe of the Cbfhnaiit being rauked and receiving his Share of the Fird Dividend corrcC ponding to such accumulated Sum, along with the Principal Sums pjf such Debts as do not bear Intered, or from whiph there may' be a Difcount of Intered, as not being exigible till an after Period ; an4 the Second and other Dividends (nail in like manner be applied in JEx; tin&ion pro tanto of the Sums then ranked, without cougtjqg Io* tered upon them, from the Date of the said Fird Deliverance ; out it there be any R»fidue left of the fequedrated Funds, after> difphaiCTg the whole of such Claims, the Creditors shall also be entitled to cLihb out of such Refidue any Arrear of Intered which may di}l be dap t$ them, as arising fmee the Date of the said Fird Dehyeraope^opopt thq respective Sums ranked and dated as before mentioned* k

L. And be it enacted, That in case any of the Creditors (hallhoU any preferable Security or Lien for Payment of his Debt, ohtajncj prior to the Date of the Fird Deliverance on the Petition for Seqpeft? ration, and not fet aside by this Adt, upon any Part of the Bankrupt’* Edate or Effedls, the Amount or Value of such Security orLien dial} be deduced from his Debt, and he shall be ouly ranked and draw a Dividend for the Balance after such Dedu&ion ; and if any Difpute shall arise about the Value of such Security, the Creditor or Claims ant shall upon Oath put a Value upon it, and the Trudee witfi Coa-currence of a Majority of the Commifiioners shall then have ao Optica either of taking an Alignment to the Security for. the Benefit of the Creditors at large, on Payment of the Value so eftimaied, out or she fird of the Common Fund, or of reserving the full Effe& of it to thq Creditor or Claimant himseif; and in either case the Creditor or Claimant shall be ranked on the divisible Fund for the Balance of his Debt so afeertained alongd with the other Creditors, such Creditor or Claimant being in no Event entitled to draw more than His ful^ Payment*

LI. And be it enacted. That in case any Creditor (h^,,after the Fird Deliverance on the Petition for SeqocdraUQn, obtain any iqgal on: voluntary Preference or Payment on or out of any E&a^QCiSub-

I	jeet



AJD* (814.

54* geo. in.

C.I37-

7*3

Je6t belonging to the Bankrupt, direftlv or indirectly Situated without the Jurildiftion of the Court, he (nail be obliged to communicate and assign the fame to the Truftee for Behoof of the Creditors, before he c*n di*w any Ditidend out of the Fund in the Hands of the Truftee; and he shall in all Events be liable to an Aftion before the Court of Sdhoti, at the Inftance of the Truftee, to communicate the said Security or Payment in so far as the Jurifdiftion of the Court Can reach him ; he being always entitled to Indemnification of hia necessary Expences, and to an Allowance of Five per Centum on the Stun recovered to the sequestrated Eft ate.

LII. And be it enacted, That the making Production of the Ground of Debt or certified Account, with the Oath of Verity aforesaid, in the Hands of the Interim Faftor, Sheriff Clerk or TYnftee or in the Court of Seffion, shall have the fame Effeft as to interrupting Prescription of every Kind, from the Period of such Production, as if a proper Aftion had been raised on the said Glands of Debt against the Bankrupt, and against the Truftee.

LI 11. And be it enabled, That in every such Oath the Creditor deponing shall Specify every Security he holds for his Debt, whether on the Eftate of the Debtor or other Obligants, and shall swear that he bd/Ms rio other Security than is mentioned in his Oath, otherwise bis Oath shall not be received by the Truftee as Sufficient, nor hia Claim be fnftamed ; and the Oaths of Verity upon Debts required by thid Aft inay be taken before any Judge Ordinary or Juftice of the Pfcftce $ and where any Creditor is out of the Kingdom of Great Britain tmd; Ireland, or is under Age, or incapable to give an Oath, fa kll such cases an Oath of Credulity by the Agent, Faftor, Guardian brother Manager, taken in the fame manner, shall be Sufficient; btft which Oaths, either by the Party himself, or any other Perfon afttng for him, shall not supersede the Neceffity of bringing legal CVfefonce of the Debt, if the fame is objected to as unliquidated, or Wfiferi? Evidence appears to be necessary in the circumstances of the case 5 and further declaring, that no Fee shall be paid by any Cre-ikttrt Wito? Clerk of Court, or any Perfon whatsoever, for an Oath Verity or Credulity as to the Debt claimed being due, or for Prdduftion of the Intereft or Ground of Debt of any Creditor, unfWV the Debt claimed on exceeds the Sum of Ten Pounds lawful Money of Great Britain.

LfV. And be it enacted, That in case any Creditor shall be guilty oT folfe Swearing in any Oath to be emitted in pursuance of this Aft, h^'fttafl Be liable to a Profecutjon at the Inftance of a Truftee, or any Of the Cteditors and of His Majefty’s Advocate, for Perjury, and fhaH hiSo forfeit to the Truftee, for Behoof of the Creditors, the wliole Dividend* on his Debt.

’LV. And be it enacted, That the Truftee may, on Behalf of the Creditors at large, with Confent of a Majority of the Commissioners lUfaie&fes aforesaid, compound and tranSaft, either by Submiilion or By pritafte Compromise, all doubtful Claims which the Bankrupt may bate agrinft cithers, or ail Debts due to the Eftate out of other Bankrupt "OUbjests, and likewise all doubtful Claims or Demands made ttgahift the Eftate or Queftions of Ranking and Pre&rence, and all cfc*it?n£eut Debts’and Annuities due to or by the Estate,-the Value of Vebitdt it tnay be etfpedierit to fettle in that manner, in order that a ■fthjft^IJittribUtion' nurir foouer take place. -	j	’	..	j / -

*	3	A	2	LVI.	And

liverance, to assign fame to Tnift*e»&e«

Produ&ion of Grounds of Debt to interrupt Pre-feripdon.

Oath of Verity.

before whom taken.

Falfe Swearing.

Perjury.

Truftee may enter into Submif-fion or Com-promilea. s

After a Year and Half, out* (landing Debts &c fold by Auction.

.Surplus < f inslate, after Baviny Debt5, to Bankrupt.

Bankrupt may get perlonal Pro-te^non for t;n>ked time;

nut not after Period of Second Dividend, unlelV upon Caufe (hewn, kc.

In what cafe

Compofition with Credirors allowed;

C. 137.	54* GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

LVI. And be it enacted, That if, at the Expiration of One Year and an Half from the Date of the Sequeft ration, any of the periotal Effefts of the Bankrupt, or any Debt9, whether heritable or more, able, due to him, remain still unrecovered/it shall be in the Power of Fcfar Fifths of the Creditors in‘Number and Value, convened at any General Meeting called for the Purpose, after One Advertifemert Two Weeks previous to the Meeting, in the Edinburgh and Losi» Gazettes^ to dire61 that such remaining Debts and Effefts, and aHo any contingent or future Intereft which the Creditors at large nay have in Dividends deposited in Bank, or lent out as afbmaid, be fold off by Public Auftion upon Two Months' previous Notice published in the Edinburgh and London Gazettes, the Sale either to be in Whole or in Lots, as a Majority in Value of the Credkon shall direct.

LVII. And be it enacted, That the Surplus of the Bankrupt Eftate and Effefts that may remain after Payments of his Debts; computing Intereft thereon as aforesaid, and the Charges of ream* ing the Estate, and distributing the fame, shall be paid or made over to him, or to his Aflignees or Succeffors.

LVI 11. And be it enacted, That at or after the Firfl General Meeting of the Creditors, and at any time before the Period digued for the Second Dividend, it shall be competent for the Bankrupt, with Concurrence of the Interim Manager or Truttee, and of four Fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value, who have produced their Grounds of Debt, or certified Copies of their Accounts sal Oaths of Verity as before mentioned, to apply to the Court of Sdfan for a personal Proteftion from Diligence for such time as the Court shall think reasonable 5 and the fame being once obtained nay be renewed within the fame Period, if applied for in Name of the Bankrupt, with Confent of the Truftee alone, unleft aay of d* Creditors oppose it, in which case the Confent of Four Fifths a Number and Value shall be required as before 5 Providing always, that, from and after the Period assigned for the Second Dividend, the Power of granting Perfonal Proteftions under this Statute (hail cease, unless upon Caufe (hewn to the Court, and Oath made, both by the Bankrupt and by the Truftee, that the Delays which have happened in making a final Diftribution were unavoidable, and that every proper Step has been taken, and will continue on their Put to be taken, for winding up the Affairs of the Bankrupt, and brag* ing the Truft to a final Ciofe 5 and also providing, that after the Period of the Third Dividend, or Two Years subsequent to the First Deliverance aforesaid, the Power of granting Perfonal Pro* teftions under this Aft shall entirely cease, without Prejudice to a final Difcharge, either upon full Payment, or as hereinafter directed.

LIX. And be it enacted. That in case at the Meeting held immediately after the Second Examination of the Bankrupt, or at any subsequent Meeting called by the Truftee with Confent of a Majority of the Commiflioners, the Bankrupt or his Friends shal make a Propofal of Compofition to the Creditors, and shall offer Caution to the Satisfaftion of Nine Tenths of them, both in Number and Value, assembled at the said Meeting, for such Compofitioa upon his whole Debts, as the said Nine Tenths in Number and Valm* so assembled shall think just and reasonable, the Truftee shall appoint another Meeting for the Purpofe of deciding upon such Offer nr

Propofal





A.D.1814.

54' GEO. III.

C. 137.

1*S

Proptrial with or without Amendment, at the Diftance of cot less than Three Weeks thereafter, and of which Meeting he shall give Notice by advertising the fame Twice in the said Newfpaper, and by putting into the Poll Office of the Place where he resides, printed Notices addreUed to each of the Creditors claiming on the sequestrated £fbte, a Fortnight at lead before the proposed Meeting, ipecifying the Time and Place, and Purpofe of the Meeting, but in the mean time he shall proceed in executing his Duty as Truftee, in the fame way as if no such Propofition had been made ; and if at the Meeting fa appointed it shall be the Opinion of Nine Tenths of the Creditors there afiTembled both in Number and Value, that the Oder should be accepted off a Report of the Proceedings relative thereto shall be forthwith made up by the Truftee, and transmitted to the Clerk of the Sequeftration in the Court of Seffion, for the Approbation of the Court; and if the Court upon considering said Report, and hearing any Objections that may be dated by opposing Creditors,

shall nod the Propofition reasonable, and that the fame has been afiented to, not. only by Nine Tenths in Number and Value of the Creditors who attended by themselves, or others authorized by them, aft the Meeting iaft mentioned, but by Nine Tenths of all the Creditors who have : produced Grounds of Debt or Interests, and Oaths of Verity, an A6k or Order shall be pronounced to that Effed, and the Bond of Caution, which mud be previously lodged in the Clerk's-Hands,shall then be given up to the Truftee for Behoof of the Creditors, the whole Expence attending the Sequeftration being at the fame time paid or provided for, to the Satisfaction of the Court, by the Bankrupt or his Friends, after which all Proceedings in the Sequeftration shall cease, and the said Ad or Order shall declare the Tmftee cxoncred, and the Bankrupt discharged, except as to the Eayment of the Compofition.

LX. And Whereas it has too frequently happened that Sequeft- Private mi ; .

‘ rattans have been obftruCted, and much Expence, Litigation and collusive Agrss* ;

4 Delay, .have been occasioned by collusive and ineffectual Plans of menu iUegri,

4.Compofition concerted between the Bankrupts and particular Cre-

4 ditors f Be it enacted, That every Propofal or Agreement for

a Compofition with individual Creditors, or to (top the Proceedings

in'the Sequeftration, other than as hereby expressly authorized and

allowed, shall be deemed illegal and void, and all Perfons concerned

in them shall be liable to be complained of to the Court of Seffion,

at the Inftance of any Party having Interect, and made anfwerable	t	*

for .ail> Consequences; and if it shall be proved that any Creditor

has privately accepted of a Gratuity, or higher Composition, for

ghrmg>his Concurrence to the Meafures proposed on Behalf of the ,

Bankrupt or his Friends* he shall forfeit his Debt, and be liable in

Reftitutioa of what he has received, which shall go into the general

Bund of Divifion ; and the Bankrupt himself shall, if required, make

Oath, that .there has been no such Private Tranfadion or Compro-v	*

mife between him and any of the Creditors, and that he has ufed

no rtwirtS Influence with any of them to obtain their Concurrence.

UL1. And .be it exuded. That in case no Propofal of Compofi- jn what case fhnfjf made in. the manner before specified, or in case the fame, r»i'lnan*eto when mack,become ineffectual, no other Propofal, of a funilar. B v k.u;-t 4-Naturo dkail be atteoded to by the Truftee, or be of ,a»y, EfFed^ lwWtd*

1 ml eft Proof is made that the fame has been affcnted to bv every

3 A 3	Creditor

LjOOQ 1C



7 26

C. 137.

54° GEO. in.-



Creditor without Exception; but after thfc Period aligned lot the Second Dividend, it shall be lawful for die Bankrupt, with Co-cmrrence of the Truftee and Four Fifths of the Creditors in Nofahfcr and Value, to apply to the Court of Seflion by Petkkm, pnw that he may be held as finally discharged of all his Debts oantn&d before the Application for Sequeftration; and this Petition beag intimated upon the Wall, and in the Edinburgh Gazette and Lmdu Gazette, the Court shall, at the Diftance of not left than Thiee Calendar Months thereafter, resume the Confideration thereof, mi if no Obje&ion is made, the Court may then pronounce an Ad cr Order in Terms of the Prayer of the Petition; but if Appanage is made by any of the Creditors, objecting that the Difchargreugk not to be granted, on Account of the Bankrupt’s not havingnot a fair Difcovery and Surrender of his Eilate, or that he has rtfuJed to grant a Difpofition to the Truftee, as ordered by die Court, or has wilfully been absent from the Diets of Examination, or bribers guilty of any Collusion, or that his Bankruptcy did not arise horn innocent Misfortunes, or Lofies in Bufinefs, but from cnlpdUe or undue Condu&, the Court shall judge of these Obje&ions, and sftnr a Proof of them, if thought necessary, and shall either gnat or refuse the Difcharge, or annex such Conditions thereto as the Nature and Juftice of the case may require, the Bankrupt always taking as Oath before the Court, or upon Commiffion before the Sheriff, Wort the A& can be extracted, that he has faithfully complied with all the Rcquifites of the Statute, and has used no undue Influence, nor had Recourfe to any secret Compromife with his Creditors, or any of them, to obtain their Concurrence; and if it shall appear that there has been any such private Tranfa6lton between the Bankrupt and any of his Creditors, the fame is hereby declared to >beuohnM and no A&ion shall lie upon any Bill or other Security granted is consequence thereof, the Perfon taking such Oath being affo fable in the Pains of Perjury, if convicted of having fwom falsely. LXII. And be it enacted, That all Dilchargcs granted to any dtt former All 1, Bankrupt under any preceding A& of Parfiament, ant be affected by any thing contained in this present Aft.

LXII I. And Whereas it may be reasonable that the Bankrupt should have some Allowance out of the Eftate for fapporttag himfrlf and his Family while the Truftee may have Occafion for hi* Advance ; Be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That Four Fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value, present at the Meeting after the last Diet of the Bankrupt’s Examination, or at any after Meeting called for the Furpose, may authorize the Truftee, with Qorifat <3 the Commiftioners, or any Two of them, to allow aad pay tofocb Bankrupt, conforming to the Terms of this A A, from tme to time as they shall think fit, such Sum or Sums of Mooey, out of the Proceeds of his Estate, as they shall think proper, towards the Subfiftence and Support of himself and Family till the Period afagsed for the Second Dividend, not exceeding Three Guineas fer Week from the Date of the Sequeftration to the Period aforcfiud, tad so u not to amount upon the Whole to more than Five Founds fer Cent** of the net Produce of the Estate: Provided always* that no foci Allowance shall be given, if the Bankrupt has not kept* or (fad! got produce, such Book or Books as may enable the Creditors aad Truftee to acquire a distinct Knowledge of his Affairs,

LXIV. And

Perjury.

• *.

JVtfcharges un-

AUowance to Bankrupt.

Pruvifo.





A*D* 1814*

y4’ GEO. III.

C.137.

in

: LXIV. And be it enaAed, That in all cases under this AA, Creditors in where the Creditors are required to be counted in Number, any Number and Creditor whose Debt is below Twenty Pounds Sterling shall not co^^ow be reckoned in Number, but the Debt due to such Creditor shall be computed in Value 5 and in the cases before mentioned of compounding with or discharging the Bankrupt, any Debt due to a Creditor who has a preferable Security or Lien upon the Bankrupt's Eftate or EffeAs shall not be counted in the Value, but shall be lisd aside to the Extent of what may be afeertained as the Value of such Security or Lien, in the manner before direAed, without Prejudice to his being counted in Number, if his whole Debt be not extinguished by such preferable Security or Lien, or to his being counted also in Value to the Extent of the Balance; and the fame Rule shall be followed in the case of Partnerfhip Debts claiming upon the Eftates of Individual Partners.

LXV. And be it enaAed, That the Sederunt Book before men- Book of Scde-tioned shall contain a full Record of all Minutes of Meetings (which runt anJ* shall be fubferibed by the Prefes of such Meetings in the Sederunt C°py lodged in Book), States of Accounts, and Schemes of Division, and another °urt 0 e ,on# Duplicate of these Minutes, States and Schemes, shall be fubferibed bj the Truftee, and within Fourteen Days after the Lapfe of One Year from the Date of the First Deliverance on the Petition for Sequeftration, shall be transmitted to the Clerk to the Sequeftration in the Court of Seflion, to lie among the Records of the Court s and within Fourteen Day9 after the End of every succeeding Half Year till the Eftate is finally divided, a similar Duplicate of the Proceedings in the said Book for the Half Year preceding shall be signed by the Truftee, and transmitted to the Clerk to the Sequeftra-taon, to He among the Records of the Court; and ExtraAs of these Writings, signed by One of the Principal Clerks of Seflion, shall bear Evidence in all Courts of Juftice ; and the said Book of Sederunt, Book of Scde-and the Bankrupt’s Books and Papers, and the whole other Papers runt, ftc. potent in the Truftee’a Hands, shall at all times be made patent to any Cre- t0 Creditors, dftor who desires to fee the fame.

LXVL And be it enaAed, That all Applications under this AA, Applications to which are direAed to be made to the Court of Seflion, shall be made Court when to to either Divifiou thereof when the Court is fitting, or to the Lord ** ,na<i€* Ordinary on the Bills in time of Vacation, or during any Recefs of the Court, or when the Court is not fitting 5 and the Lord Ordinary on the Bills shall have the full Powers of the Court in ordering and Following out the different Steps of Proceeding required by the AA whue the Court is not fitting, excepting only that no Difcharge shall be granted by the Lord Ordinary without the Authority of the Divifion of the Court to which he belongs.

LXVII. And be it enaAed, That if any Appeal shall be taken Co«rr, &c. to agamft any Order or Interlocutor of the Court of Seflion, or against mAe interim any Order of the Lord Ordinary upon the Bills, in the Execution Order* m calc of this A A, it shall be lawful and competent to the said Court in	Appeals,

time of Seflion, and the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in time of Vacation, or during any Recess, notwithstanding such Appeal, to make such Orders, and direA such Proceedings, as shall appear to be necessary for preventing the Eftate of the debtor from being embezzled, fecrcted, damaged or dilapidated, while the Appeal is pendant ; and every Step may in the mean time be taken in the Recovery

3 A 4	.of



r*»

Other Creditors may concur.

Expencc paid out of Fund. Bankrupt dying SequeUration to proceed.

Court may make further Regulations.

Sheriff and Stewart fyno-nimous.

Truftee amen-able to Court.

Power to remove Truftee,

or accept of Refignation.

New Truftee named.

Truftee dif-charged by Court.

c. 137*	54?	AJ>,i8,	v

of die Bankrupt’s Estate, and the Diftribntioq thereof, .Upt p pot, repugnant or injurious to the Intercft whicn the Party appealing by, the Appeal insists upon.	.	^	,*	.	.	-	•	\

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That when any Petftion for Scqueft. ration under the Authority of this Aft is preicntedJ(it shall be com* petent for any other Creditor to concur therein, and to follow forth the fame, even without the Consent, or after the Death of ihfl Creditor or Creditors originally petitioning, and the Ex pence dib buried therein shall be repaid by the Truftee out of the first Money that comes into his Hands; and if the Bankrupt shall happen Ip die after the Petition for Sequeftration ftiall be presented, the Proceedings under this Aft shall, notwithstanding, be carried on and followed out to their Conelusion, as if he were in life.

LXIX. And be it enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Seffion to establish fucli Regulations respecting the Forms of Proceeding as shall appear to be most proper for carry., ing this Aft into efTcftual Execution, according to the true latent thereof, and to publish the fame in any Aft or Afts of Scdtruxty which shall be binding in so far as is consistent with this Aft.

LXX. And be it enacted, That in all cases under this Aft, where anything is directed to be done by the Sheriff Depute or Subflitutr, or where any Mention is made of the Sheriff Clerk, or the Word County is used, it is hereby meant and intended tliat tliefe Term* shall equally apply to the Stewart Depute, or Subftitute, or Stewart Clerk of any Stewartry in Scotland.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That the Interim Faftor, Sheriff Clerk, and the Truftee and Commiflioners or any of them, (hail at all times be amenable to the Court of Seffion, by summary Application to that Court, to account for their Intromiflions and Management, and to answer for their Condust, at the Inftaoce of any Party interested; and in case it shall appear to the Court that such Application ought not to have been made, the Party complained of shall be entitled to his full Cofts, to be either retained out of the Funds, or recovered from the Party complaining, as the Court shall direct ; but otherwise the Court shall give such Direftions in regard to Cofts as they shall think fit; and it shall be competent at any time for One Fourth of the Creditors in Value to apply summarily to the Court of Seffion for having the said Interim Faftor, or Truftee removed, upon Caufe shewn 5 a Majority of Creditors in Value at any Meeting to be advertised for the Purpose, shall likewise be entitled to remove or to accept of the Rcfignation of any.Truftee; and in either of these cases, or in the Event of the acting Truftce’l Death, the next Truftee in Succcffion shall be entitled to aft; and, upon Failure of the several Trustees originally named, by Death or otherwise, it shall be competent to any Two of the Creditors to apply to the Court of Seffion to cause a Meeting of the Creditor! to be held, upon due Advertisement, for choofmg a new Truftee or Trustees in Succcffion; and in any of these cases the new'aftisg Truftee shall immediately call to account his Predeceffors m Office, or their Heirs and Reprefentatives, and shall be vcfled with the fame Powers, and subject to the fame Rules and Regulations, as any former acting Truftee:

LXX 11. And be it enacted, That when a final Diviflcn is m;de among the Creditors in any Sequcftmion awarded under the Authority

.	of

1

I



729

A.D. 1814.	54® GEO.III.	C.	137.

of thi* Aft, or of the aforesaid recited Afts, or when a Truftee or Faftor, named under the Authority of this or the said former A&e, intends to resign his Office, it mall be competent for him. to apply by Petition to the Court of Seffion, craving to be discharged of the Trull, and the Court shall appoint the Petition to be ad*

*ertifed in the Edinburgh Gazette, and, at the End of Fourteen Days from1 the Date of the Advertifement, if no valid Objeftion is Hated, and if the Court is satisfied that the Truftee has complied with the Regulations of the Statute, so far as they regard him, the Prayer of his Petition may then be granted ; but if any Objeftion is Hated, the Court shall proceed to determine the fame in a summary manner:

Provided always, that before making any such Application, the provifof Truftee shall make out a full State of his Accounts, and of the Situation of the Sequeftrated Estate, and shall call a Meeting of the Creditors, of which at lead Four Weeks* Notice shall be given, by Advertifement inserted in the Edinburgh Gazette, and also by Letters through the Medium of the Poll Office, addrelTed to every Creditor who shall have produced their Claims and proved their Debts, intimating the Purpofe of the Meeting, and also that the aforesaid State will in the mean time lie in his Hands for their Infpeftion.

LXXI1I. And be it enacted, That this Aft shall be conftruedby A<^ jil)Cr« all Judges in the most beneficial manner for promoting the Ends ferpreted, and to hereby intended ; and that the fame shall be conilrued to compre- extend to hend unmarried Women and Widows coming within any of the Women. Defcriptions before mentioned, and also married Women carrying on Trade or Merchandize independent of their Hulbands.	,

LXXIV. And be it enabled. That no Rates or Duties imposed No Duty on by any Statutes upon Eftates or Eftefts fold by Auftion, shall be fcftate* ibid un-# exigible upon any Eftates or Effefts fold under the Authority of der this Aft.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That upon the Expiration of Three Report drawn up Years after the Date of the First Deliverance, if the Affairs of the by Trultce. Bankrupt Eftate shall not have been previoully winded up, the Truftee shall draw up a Report Ihewing the Situation of the Eftate and Hating the unclaimed Dividends, a printed Copy of which Report shall be sent to every Creditor who shall have proved a Debt upon the Eftate ; and within Two Months after the Expiration of the laid Three Years from the Date of the First Deliverance, a general Meeting of the Creditors shall be called by the Truftee after Notice given by Advertifement in the Edinburgh Gazette and in the London Gazette, Fourteen Days before such Meeting, when the Creditors shall give such Direftions as shall appear to them proper for the Difpofal by Public Sale of any outstanding Debts or Effefts, and otherwise, as they shall think proper in regard to the Situation of the Bankrupt Eftate.

LXXVI. And be it enacted. That after such Meeting shall have Period after been held, or after the Expiration of the Period when the fame "’h'ch ^.,occed* ought to have been held, it shall be competent for the Court, upon »igsci.>U • the Application of any of the Creditors, or of the Truftee, and after due Notice given by such Form of Publication as may be thought requifit?, to fix a reasonable time within which the whole Proceedings shall be finally closed ; and the time so fixed being elapsed, if there be no further Application from the Truftee, or

any

'	Digitized	by	

Eftates fequeft-rated under former A6U finally divided.

Commencement and Continuant* of Ad.

49 G. 3. feUxxiii.

C. 137,138.	54’GEO. III.	A.D.	rtt4-

tiny of the Creditors, the Sequeftration shall be considered as virtually at an End; but in case such Application ftiall in the mean time bave been made by any one concerned, the Court will judge according to circumstances what further Directions ought to be given, (d as within a ihort limited time to attain the Obyed in view.

* LXXVII. And Whereas several Eftates of Bankrupts whjch * were sequestrated under the Authority of former Ads, have not been finally divided ;* Be it enacted, That such Sequeftrations shall still subsist to the Effed of being proceeded iu and brought to a Con cl u (ion in the manner directed by this Ad : Provided always, That every thing done in any such Sequeftration prior to the passing of this A Cl, in pursuance of any such former ACls, shall remain valid and effectual; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That this ACl shall commence from and after the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Seven Years from thence and to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CXXXVIIL An A& to enable the Truilees appointed by an ACl of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improve* mem of the Paffage across the Frith if Forth} called the Queettsferry% to carry the fame into Execution.	.	*

£2jth July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Ad passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled yin A3 for the 4 Improvement of the Pajfage across the Frith of Forth, catted The 4 Queensferiy, whereby it was enacted, that so soon as it fhiould be 4 made manifest to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, 4 that a Sum equal to One half of the estimated Expence neceflhry 4 for carrying the said recited Ad into Execution appearing from 1 the Schedule thereunto annexed, and also equal to One Half of * such further Sum as Ihould be required to make Satisfaction to 4 the Perfon or Perfons who Ihould be found to have any Property 4 or Right in the said Ferry, for the Purchafes to be made from 4 them in manner mentioned in the said recited Ad, should have 4 been fubferibed or borrowed upon the Security of the Tolls or 4 Duties thereby granted, it Ihould and might be lawful for the 4 Barons of the said Court, and they were thereby directed, upon 4 the Application of the Trustees appointed by the said recited Ad, 4 from time to time to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Rc-4 ceiver General of Scotland, for Payment out of any Public Money 4 then in his Hands, of any Sum or Sums of Money specified therein 4 not exceeding in the whole the Amount of the Sums so fubferibed f or borrowed, to be applied therewithby the said Trustees in carrying 4 the said recited Ad into Execution; And Whereas in purchasing 4 the Property of the said Ferry, and in making the Improvements 4 intended by the said recited Ad, there have Deen expended the 4 Sum of Thirty three thousand eight hundred and tweuty fbur 4 Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine pence Halfpenny, of which 4 Sum, Thirteen thousand five hundred and eighty fix Pounds Eleven 4 Shillings and Eight pence, have been paid by the Public, purfuant

4 to



54° GKO. III.

C* ?3®#

73*

4 to the laid recited Aft, and Twenty thousand two hundred and 4 thirty eight Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny,

4 have been lent by Individuals: And Whereas in order to enable

#	Boats to cross the said Ferry at all times of the Tide and with every 4 Wind, and thus to complete the Improvements intended by the faid

*	recited Aft, it remains to ered a Pier on the North Side of the 4 Perry, at a Place called the Longcratg IJla*d> and another Pier on .* the South Side near the Park Wall of Barnbougle, the Seat of the 4 Earl of Rofeberry ; the Ere&ion of which Piers it is estimated will 1 coll the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds: And Whereas in order 4 to encourage Individuals to contribute towards the further Sum 4 which will be required in order to carry the said recited Ad into 4 Execution, it is expedient that One Half of the said Sum should 4 be lent by the Public in manner herein provided May it therefore jpleafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That so soon as it shall be made manifest to the Barons of the Court gu|n ^ of Exchequer in Scotland, that the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds by Receiver other than and beyond the Sums mentioned in the said recited Ad, General of ftiall have been fubferibed or borrowed by the Trustees thereby Scotland, ‘appointed upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties thereby gratotea, to be applied towards enabling the said Trustees to carry the laid Ad into Execution, the said Borons of the Exchequer are hereby directed I tpon the Application of the said Trustees, to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Receiver General of Scotland, for Payment out of any Public Money in his Hands of the like Sum 6f Ten thousand Pounds to the said Trustees, or such Part thereof as shall be from time to time required by the said Trustees towards carrying the said Aft into Execution; and every Sum so paid by the laid Receiver:

General shall be allowed in his Accounts: Provided always, that it provifa shall further be made manifest to the said Barons, that for every Sum so directed to be paid by such Warrant, a Sum equal thereto of the Money so fubferibed or borrowed, shall have been deposited with the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or with the Bank of the Brittjb Linen Company, upon an Account to be opened for that Pnr-pose; and every Sum so paid upon any such Warrant shall be deposited therewith upon the fame Account, and shall be drawn therefrom, and applied by the said Trustees to the Purpofes of the said . recited Ad,

. II. Provided also, and be it enacted, That such Sum so to be paid Bond craned by the said Receiver General, shall be secured upon the Credit of the for Hum j.*ki [y Bates and Duties granted by the said recited Ad, by a Bond or Ob- Receiver Gene-ligation, to be fettled by tne said Barons, and to be granted by the ralot *Sc°d*ntlr (aid Trustees or any Nine of them; and that the said Rates and Duties shall be chargeable with the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and Intereft thereof at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per tdnnumx from the time that the fame shall have been paid by the laid Receiver General to the said Trustees, and to become payable with .fi^ch Interect, so soon as the said further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds tjQ be fubferibed or borrowed by the said Trustees, with the Intereft thereof, and all the Sums already borrowed on the Credit of the said JUtcs aad Duties, shall have been satisfied and paid.’ "

Ilf. And





A.D.i8<4.

73»

FurAer Power to Trustees to borrow Money.

Intereft kept down and Sinking bund formed.

A6ts construed together.

c. ;6. $ 8. ante.

1 3*14 0-3-('■) c-S-

$ 0.

5 7-

13 & 14 G. 3.

(! ) c- 7*

j t 9c 16 G.'j.

•;i.) c. 2.

C.	138,139,140.	54*	GEOi IU.

* III. And be it enacted, Tbat it shall be lawful fbr the' (kid Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, and they are herAy empowered, to borrow or direct to be borrowed, the said further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds in whole or in separate Sums, upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, in addition to the Sums which they are authorized to borrow by the said recited Aft.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the (aid Trustees shall be obliged to keep down the Intereft upon the Money borrowed under the Authority of this Aft as well as the Money borrowed under the Authority of the said recited Aft, and out of the Remainder of the said Toils and Duties, to pay and defray the Expenfe of maintaining and keeping in Repair the Works constructed under the Authority of the said recited Aft, and the Salaries of their Officers, and other Expences attending the Execution thereof; and after paying and defraying all such Expenfes to fet apart the Remainder of the said Rates and Duties, in every Year, as a Sinking Fund, to pay off the Money so borrowed ; and also the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds to be received from the said Receiver General of Scotland, with Interect, in the manner directed by this Aft.

V.	And be it enacted, That this Aft shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the said recited Aft; and this and the said recited Aft shall be construed together, as if they had formed One Aft.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Aft to rectify a Miftake in an Aft of this Seffion of Par-. Jiament, for raising the Sum of Twenty four Millions by, way of Annuities.	[27th July 1814.}

CAP. CXL.

An Aft to amend several Afts of the Parliament of Ireland fbr granting certain Annuities.	[27th	1814.]

*	TI 7 HERE AS by an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland ‘ V v in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His prefcat ‘ Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for granting Annuities in the 1 Manner therein provided to such Perfons as Jha[l voluntarily fubferthe

*	towards the raijitig a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred and 1 sixty Jive thousand Pounds, it is, among other things, enacted. That

*	upon the Demand of any Half-yearly Payment of wy Annuity ‘ under the said Aft, unless the Nominee shall appear in Pcrfoo,

*	a Certificate of the Life of such Nominee, if redding in the King- . 1 dom of Ireland, shall be produced in the manner required by the

‘ said recited Aft, in case the fame shall be demanded, as in the ‘ said recited Aft is mentioned; and that in case any Nominee ihali

*	be resident beyond the Seas, the Certificate of any One or more of ‘ the Barons of the Exchequer, given in manner required by the

*	faid recited Aft, shall be a sufficient Warrant for the Payment

*	of any such Annuity ; And Whereas by another Aft made in jne

*	Parliament of Ireland\ in the fame Year, to explain and amerul ihe

‘ said first recited Aft, certain Provifions were made for the Payment.

‘ of certain Annuities under the said Aft in the City of London:,

‘ And Whereas by an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, \n the ‘ Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of His prefentR^gil, fa-.......	«	tituled

733

A.D.i8i4-	54* GEOi m,	C	140*141^

4 titoled An A8 for granting Annuities in the Manner therein provided 4 to such Perfects as /hall voluntarily subscribe towards the raising a 4 Sum not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and seventy Jive thousand 4 Pounds, like Provifions were made with respect to the Annuities

*	granted under the said last recited Ad as were made by the laid Two 4 firll recited Ads with respect to the Annuities granted or made pay-

*	able thereby: And Whereas by an A d made in the Parliament of

*	Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His prefent

*	Majeltv's Reign, intituled An AS for granting unto His Majesty the

4 fever at Duties, Rates, Imfoftions and Taxes therein particularly ex* 4	be applied to the Payment of the Interejl of the Sums therein

4 provided for, and towards the D 'tfcharge of the said Principal Sums, 4 in such manner as therein is direSed, and for other Purpofes as are 4 therein mentioned, certain Annuities were granted subject to all the 4 Regulations, and Reftridions enacted, made and provided by the 4 laid recited Ad of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of His pre-1 sent Majefty’s Reign: And Whereas it is expedient that in cafe* 4 where any Annuities under any of the said recited Ads are payable 1 in London, a like Power should be given to the Barons of the Ex-4 chequer in England as by the said recited Ads or any of them is 4 given to the Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland, in the cases in 4 the said recited Ads mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlipnent afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in c&fe at the time of any Demand made by any Perfori or Perfons entitled to any Annuity granted under any of the said recited Ads, and- made payable in London, of any Half-yearly Payment of such Annuity, the Nominee or Perfon on whose Life such Annuity shall be payable shall be resident beyond the Seas out of the United King* doni, and any One of the Barons of the Exchequer in England for the time being shall certify that upon Proof to him made (which Proof he is hereby authorized and required to take in a summary way) it doth seem probable to him that the said Nominee is living (which Certificate is to be given and Examination made without any Fee or Charge), the said Certificate being filed in the Office of the Perfon appointed to pay such Annuity in London, shall be a sufficient Warrant for the Payment of any such Annuity Half Yearly to the Perfon entitled to tnc fame, in like manner as the Certificate of any Karon of the Exchequer is declared to be in Ireland, under or by •virtue of the said recited Ads, or any of them.

CAP. CXLI,

An Ad to alter so much of an Ad made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majessy, as relates to the Duties payable inrefped of killing of Game.	[27th	July	1814,]

4 \T7 HEREAS by an Ad patted in the Fifty second Year of the 4 * VV Reign of His present Majessy, intituled An AS for granting 4 to His Majesty certain new and additional Duties of AJfJftd Taxes, ‘ and for confofidating the fame with the former Duties of AJfeJj'td 4 Taxes : certain Duties contained in the Schedule of the said Ad 4 marked L. \%ere grafted and made payable in respect of killing of \\ #	''	-	•	4	4	Game	s

19 Sc 20 G.3. < (I.) c. 2.

When Annuity payable in London and No* mine? resident Abroad, anv Baron of Exchequer in England certifying that it is probable Nominee <s living,, such Cenilkjt* sufficient Warrant for Payment.

S% O.3. c.93-

Sch. L,

Qigitized by

Duties in Sche-' duloof 53 G.3. relating to Pcr-fons attiftiagin killing of Game to cesfetif AdiH-ance given to another who has obtained Certificate, flee.

Tea exported to Rritilh Plantations in Ameiica, <kc. without Payment of Duty, ft»bje& to Regulations pre-ieribed by 41 G. 3- (U K.) c. 75. &c.

C. 141,142.	54*	GEO.	III.	A.D. ill*.

*	Game; and it is exjpedifrnt that the find Du tie* ftrbutcl be altered

•	and amended in the Particulars hereinafter mentioned f |4ay it therefore pfeafe YoUr Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it cnafted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com* rnons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Of die fame. That such of the Duties, Provifions and Penalties, contained in: the said Schedule of the said A A as relates to Perfbns aiding' or affixing or intending to aid or assist in the taking or killing of any G*mr, or any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail, Landrail or Coney, in the manner hereinafter mentioned, shall, from and after the palling of thii A ft* leverally cease and determine; provided that the Aft of aiding and afliftmg as aforesaid, and in the said Aft mentioned, shall be done in the Company or Prefence and for the Ufe of another Perfon who (haH duly have obtained a Certificate in his own Right, according to the Directions of the said Aft, and who therein shall by virtue of such Certificate then and there use his own Dog, Gun, Net or other Ed- : gine, for the taking or killing of such Game, Woodcock, Snipe*1 Quail, Landrail or Coney, and who shall not aft therein by virtue of any Deputation or Appointment.

t f: l /

C A P. CXLII.

An Aft to permit the Exportation of Tea to the British Colonies j in America, GuernfeJerfeyy Europe and Africaf without Payment of Duty.	£27th July 1814.}

4 TT7HEREAS the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife on Ten taken 1 4 W out of the Warehoufes of the United Company «rf Hefchioti 4 of England trading to the East Indies are by the Laws fiotv ia forte 4 allowed to be drawn back on the Exportation of such Tea to thr 4 British Plantations or Settlements in America, ta thelftariduf 4 JerJ'ey and Guemfry, to Gibraltar, or to any Port dr Place Off the 4 Continent of Europe, w here any British Confnl is reficfcnt for the 4 Proteftion of Trade, or to Africa : And Whereas It is expedient 4 to allow Tea to be exported to the said several Places without Pty-4 ment of any Duties of Cuftoms or Excife 5’ Be it therefore esaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice aad Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tfcti1 present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the hmt 'J'hat, from and after the Twentieth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, it shall and may be lawful to export, under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftax*, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures (lave where the Came are expressly altered or controlled by this Aft), contained, provided* fettled or established in or by an Aft made in the Forty tki Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to permit the Exportation ot Tea to Ireland without Payment bf airy Duty,or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament therein mentioned ot ttfetttd unto, to the British Plantations or Settlements ip Ap&rkt, *qr Ae I Hands of Jersey and Gucrnfey, to Gibraltar > or tp a?>y Port or flfce on the Continent of Europe where any Br'tiifh Coafui is or shall be reiident, lor the Protection of Trade, or to Africa without toymen* of any Duties of Culloms or Excife, any Tea which fhail <*u or after the Day of the Commencement of the Tea Sale of the United

Com-



Mjfn*

ns

54°*G$O.III.	C.	142,	143.

Conymy of Men^kanti1 ofEngland trading to the Eqft Indies last pny ceding t^c passing of this Ad, be fold at the Sales of the United Com. papy pf Merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies, and the said Rules, Regulations, ReftriAion^, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeiture, shall be and the fame respectively are hereby directed to be Uufli» ^applied# practised and put in Execution on any such Export? atipa of Tea as fully and cffcdually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftndious, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures had been expressly repeated and re-enaded in this Ad ; Provided always nevertheless, that the Bond for the Export* B^forJRjnioftr atioa of any filch Tea to the British Plantations or Settlements in	'

America, to the Iftandf of Jersey and Guerufeyf to Gibraltar, or to certilEt«of any f^ch Port or Place on the Continent of Europe or to Africa% shall l,f»xiii>g. bo conditioned to produce such Certificate of the Landing (or as the case.may require) to make such Proof as is mentioned or preferibed in or by an Ad made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His 29 O.3. c.59. profent M^efty King George the Third, intituled An A3 for allow- ** ing the like Drawback on Teas exported to the IJlands of Gucmfey and,

Jerfey$ and tp Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of Europe, and to Africa, as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland or America; and all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Reftridions,

Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures contained, provided, let tied or; eftabliihed in or by the said lad mentioned Ad shall also beused, applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect Exportation of Tea under or by virtue of this Ad, so far as. licit Rules, Regulations, Reftridions or Provisions, Fines, Penalties of; jfoffoftures respectively are or may be applicable thereto.

JL. Altd be it .further enacted. That in case any Tea taken ont of Tes altered in any fitch Warehouse for such Exportation as aforesaid, or for Ex- Quantity or putftatyon £0 Ireland^ shall not be forthwith and without any unnecef- P^5^2ened' uryt&0kty9 aad in the Prefence of the proper Officer of Excife, forfeited ’ bSf&uoried and -,puf on board the Ship or Veflel in w'hich the fame isjtitended ^o be exported, or in case the fame or any Part thereof (hull.'healtered in Quantity, or the Package containing the fame opefftdjpr broken after being debvered from or ont of such Ware. hnuff-and before Exportation, or if any such Tea shall be relanded afotr. the Shipping thereof, or shall after the Exportation thereof be brought back into Great Britain, then, and in every such case, such Tea; Aall be forfeited.

j, . ,	,

v	CAP.	CXLIII.

Aft Aft to repeal the Doties granted by an Ad passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, amend-' i«| and ftipporting the several Harbours and SeaPorts in the Man,and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, and . lor .giving further Powers to the Commifiioners appointed the foul Ad-	[27th	July	1814.3

HEREAS an Ad was parted in the Eleventh Year of the Rrf^n ttf His prtfont Majesty, intituled An A3 for repair* ** 4httj afiietodmjr ' arid supporting the several Harbours ana Sea Ports Man ; by which said Ad certain Rates and Duties • Wctt'iliredfcd to he iwfod and levied for the Pfcrpofc of repairing

»i11* 11J jiLj I ’i.'»■> i» j i 1' *. ;	i	^

;nrO;

.f

11 0.5' e-5*-I a—♦-



540 GEO. in.	A.D.	1814.

Kates to eeafe.

ks«te> crpn»<*d l»; Act levied.

Rates under Cctnmitlioneri appointed by 11 G.3. 0.5a.

Commissioners making l>yc-JLaws to regulate piloting of VefieU, kc.

*	and keeping i® Repair, and {importing the fevers! Harbour* of the

*	faid Istand: And Whereas tne said Rates and Duties hare been 4 found inefficient for maintaining the said Harbours, and the fame are

*	likely to fall into Decay unless further Funds are provided for the

*	fame and the Purpofes of the said Aft ; and it is also expedient to

*	give further Powers to the Commissioners appointed under the faid

* recited A61	Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft. Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-fcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this A 61, all and every the Rates and Duties and Impofitions granted or made payable by the said recited Aft, shall cease and determine, and be no longer due or payable, and indead and in lieu thereof there shall be railed, levied, collected and paid for the Purpofes of amending, repairing, keeping in Repair and supporting the several Harbours of the said island, the several and refpe6five Rates, Duties and Impofitions specified and fet forth in the Schedule to this A A annexed.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties and Impofitions hereby granted shall be raised, levied, col-lcfted and paid, applied and disposed of, in the fame manner, and under and subject to the fame Rules and Regulations as the Rates, Duties and Impofitions hereby repealed 5 and for that Purpofe that all Powers, Provifoes, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Act relative to the said Rates, Duties and Impofitions hereby repealed, shall be in as full Force and Effeft with respect to the several Rates, Duties and Impofitioos hereby granted, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were efpe. cially contained and re-enafted in this present A6L

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates, Duties and Impofitions hereby granted shall be under the Management and Controul of the Commissioners for the time being appointed from time to time to put in Execution the (aid recited Act, who shall have all the fame Powers, Authorities, Rights, Privileges and Immunities with respect to the Duties hereby granted, ana in canjing into Execution this present Aft, as they had or have with refpe6t to the Duties hereby repealed, and in carrying into Execution die {aid recited Aft.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or the major Part of them (of whom His Majefty’s Receiver General in the Isle of Man, or his Deputy for the time being, shall always be one), in Addition to the Powers to make Bye-Laws given them by the said recited Aft, are hereby empowered and authorized to make such Bye-Laws, Orders and Regulations from time to time, and to annex such reasonable Penalties as they in their Difcretion shall think fit, to regulate the piloting of Vefiels in the Bays and into the Harbours of the said Istand, and to prevent any Perfon from acting as Pilots there, who shall not Ijave undergone a regular Examination before such Perlons as the said Commissioners shall judge most competent for the Purpose, in order to insure the Pilots being duly qualified to take Charge of Ships and VefTels entrusted to their Care, fbi the Purpofe of being piloted in the Bays and into the Harbours, of the said Istand; and the laid CommiffioHers, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, are hereby further empowered to make such Byo-Laws,

Orders

CnOogLe

1

A.D.|8i4>	54°	GfiOUI.	C.143.	737

Orders and RtgubtttfMp, .with,reasonable Penalties annexed thereto, at they shall think effe&uak for preventing, the Danger which arifea to Veflels navigating the Coafls of the said Istand, from Limekilns and other Lights kept up on the Shores of the laid Ifland' without Efficient Screens or Blinds, being*, erected pr made or; kept thereto,. so os to prevent the fame being leen at Sea, in filch manner as to raif-lead die Mailers and Pilots of Vefleis, so as such several Bye-Laws, Orders,and Regulations Be made agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited A£l and this A6t, and.be for the better putting in Execution and effecting the Purpofes thereof, and for. the more safe and convenient Navigation of the Bays, Harbours and Coafls of the said Ifland.

,	SCHEDULE	to	which	this A£l refers.

A SCHEDULE of HARBOUR DUTIES on Ships and Vefleis, Goods, "Wares and Merchandize arriving at and imported into the Ifle of Man ; and the Rates to be annually paid on all Boats and Veflels employed in the Herring Fifhery on the Coafls thereof.

For-every British Ship arriving in Ballad For every	Do.	-	Do.	laden, but not breaking Bulk

For every	Do.	-	Do.	breaking Bulk or difcharging

For every	Do.	-	Do.	repairing, in Addition to the

above Sums	-	-

JFor every Foreign Ship arriving in Ballaft

laoen but not breaking Bulk breaking Bulk or discharging,

For every Dp. - Do.

For every Do. . -- Do.

> U ##ition ■	,	-	-

Fpf ?yery, Do. - Do. repairing, in Addition to the above Sum . .	-

For all Foreign Ships anchoring in any of the Bays of the * f^id Ule	-

Upon al( Spirits imported per Tun of 250 Gallons Upon; all Wine Do. per Do. of Do.

Upon all Tobacco Do. per Hogfhead Upon all Tea Do. per Hundred Weight . Upon all Coffee Do. per Do.	-

Uppn all Refined Sugar Do. per Do.	-	-

Upon all Goods Do. the above rated Goods excepted, direct from Great Britain or Ireland, per Centum ad valorem -	-	-	-

Upon all Goods Do. from any other Port or Place per Do. , Upon all Boats or other Veflels employed in the Herring t •- JFifhery	on the Coafls	of	the Ifle	of Man,	the annum

Sum of	-	-	-	-	-

/. d.

0	2	per	Ton.

o 3 per Ton. O 4 per Ton.

o of per Ton. o 4 per Ton. o 5 per Ton.

o 4 per Ton.

o 3 per Tom

per Ton.

10 o 20 o

15 o

each.

?. * '



■	.	'-it

3 B	1	C	AT-



73»

C. 144.

A.D. 1814.

54° GEO. III.

Commiflioners of Stamps to supply Infurance Brokers in London with Blank ftarrped Paper, for Contra dts of Infurance.

35 G.3. c.63.

Bonds for fc-curing Duties on Polities, Security for Duties on * Comradts.

Contracts dated when ligned by Underwrite! $.

CAP. CXLIV.

An Aft for better securing the Stamp Duties on Sea Infur-ances made in London; and for altering the Period for taking out Stamp Office Certificates by Attornies and others in England.	[27th July	1814.]

4 IT J HE REAS a great Proportion of the Bufinefs of Sea Infu-4 VV ranees in London is transacted at Lloyd's in the Royal Ex-4 change, and a practice hath prevailed there of using undamped Slips

*	of Paper for Contrafts or Memorandums of Infurance, previoully

*	to the Infurance being made by regular damped Policies, as the 4 Law requires, for want of time to nil up such Policies in the first 4 Indance : And Whereas damped Policies are oftentimes neglected 4 to be used afterwards, whereby the Revenue is defrauded, and 4 heavy Penalties are incurred by the Underwriters, and by the Bro-4 kers or others effecting such Infurances; and it is expedient to 4 make further Proviiions for preventing the said practice, and for 4 better securing the Duties as well as for facilitating the Butinefe 4 of Infurance in London ;* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enabled 5 and be it enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-femblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners of Stamps to supply Brokers and others carrying on the Bufinefs of Infurance in London with Blank Paper of a convenient Size, duly damped as the Law requires for Policies of Infurance, for the Purpofe of offering Contrafts of Infurance thereon, to such Amount as the Duty denoted by the Stamp or Stamps on such Blank Paper will cover ; and such Blank damped Paper shall be supplied free of any Charge for the Paper, either for ready Money for the Duty, or on Credit, in the manner directed with regard to printed Policies of Infurance, by an Aft, pafied in the Thirty fifth Year of His Majefly’s Reign, intituled An At1 for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Infurances ; and if supplied on Credit, the Duty shall be secured and paid in the fame manner and at the fame times as the Duties on printed Policies are by the said Aft directed to be secured and paid; and all other the Regulations of that Aft concerning the Supply and Delivery of printed Policies shall be observed with regard to the blank damped Paper hereby directed to be supplied.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds heretofore given by Brokers or others for securing the Duties on printed Policies supplied on Credit pursuant to the said Aft, and which shall be in force at the time of puffing of this Aft, shall Aand and be a Security for the Duties on the. blank stumped Paper which shall be supplied to them on Credit, in pursuance of this Aft, as well as for the Duties on the said printed Policies.

III.	And be it further enacted, That every Contraft of Infurance to be made on such blank damped Paper as aforesaid, shall be dated on the Day on which the fame shall be signed by the Underwriters; and if the fame shall be signed on different Days by different Underwriters then the fame shall be dated so as to (hew what Underwriters

figned





A.D. i8t4-

54* GEO. III.

C. 144.

739

figned on each Day; and in Default thereof the Broker or other Perfon effedting the Infurance, and also every Underwriter sinning any such Contradt without the proper Date, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be paid to His Majcfly, his Heirs and Sue- Pennlty. ceffors, and to be recovered in the fame manner as other Penalties imposed by any of the Laws now in force relating to Stamp Duties.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That every Contradt of Infurance Contracts to to be made on such blank stamped Paper as aforesaid, shall contain cont.*in Pnrticu-and specify (befides the Date or Dates when signed as aforefaid) the ll'r?,or vo,d* Name of the Ship, with reference to which the Infurance shall be

made (unlefs it shall be upon (C Ship or Ships”) the Voyage or Rifk to be insured against, the Premium or Conlideration for the Infurance, the thing insured, and also the Name or Names, or the usual Style and Firm of dealing of one or more of the Perfons inte-relied in the Infurance, or in lieu thereof the Name or Names, or usual Style and Firm of dealing of the Confignor or Confignors,

Confignee or Confignces, of the Goods or Property to be insured, or the Name or Names, or usual Style and Firm of dealing of the Perfon or Perfons residing in Great Britain, who shall receive the Order for and effect such Infurance, or of the Perfon or Perfons who shall give the Order or Directions to the Agent or Agents immediately employed to negociate or effect such Infurance; and in Default thereof the fame shall be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes.

V.	And be it further enacted, That .every such Contract of Infu- Cor,tra£U to ranee being duly damped, and containing the Particulars aforesaid, bind Underwri- % shall not only be obligatory on the Underwriters to subscribe a regular ters toiuhi'ctib* (tamped Policy of Infurance in lieu thereof to the fame Amount on ?0''cles/or the fame Property or Interect, and for the fame Voyage or Rifk, and^vailTbl^tf when thereunto required, by or on the behalf of the Insured, and ^lfo no Policy in

to date their respective Subfcriptions on the fame Day as the Con- lieu, tract before signed by them, but shall also be available as a competent Inflrument of Infurance, in case a regular Policy shall not be underwritten in lieu thereof.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Broker or Commifficners other Perfon having cffedled a Contradf of Infurance on such blank to allow for (tamped Paper as aforesaid, shall deliver up the fame to the Com- Stamps on Con-mifiioners of Stamps to be cancelled within One Calendar Month tracts, on Pro-after the Date of the last Subfcription thereon, and fhail at the fame

time produce to them a regular stamped Policy of Infurance under- thereof, within a written in lieu thereof by the fame Perfons to the fame Amount on Month: the fame Property or Interect, and for the fame Voyage or Rifk in all respects, the said Commiflioners shall allow to the Broker or other Perfon so delivering up the Contradt to be cancelied, the Amount of the Stamp Duty thereon, in other Stamps for Contracts or Policies of Infurance.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That such Allowance of the Although Poli-Stamp Duty shall be made, notwithstanding the Policy underwritten, ciesnnv vary in lieu of any such stamped Contradt as aforesaid, shall contain Matter froin Contracts explanatory of the Contract, or shall vary therefrom in consequence in cc't:,m re* of any, Error or Miftake in the Contract, whereby the Infurance '* really intended shall not have been effected, or in consequence of the

Terms and Conditions of the Infurance having been afterwards agreed to be altered; provided in the case of Error or Mistake, that fatis-fa&ory Proof shall be given thereof, and of the nature and circum-

3 B 2	(lances





740

C. 144.

If Policies in lieu of Contracts are not fub-f .ribed by all the Underwriters, Stamp Duty allowed in part.

In what case no Allowance made on Contracts underwritten beyond Duty.

Commiflioners to make such Allowances for Stamps on Contracts, in other cases, as they are authorized to do on Policies, by c. 133. ante.

540 GEO. III.	A.D.	1814.

fiances of the fame ; and provided in the case of any Alteration in the Terms and Conditions of the Infurance, that the Policy shall have been underwritten before Notice of the Termination of the Rifle specified in the Contra6l, and that the thing insured shall remain the Property of the fame Perfon or Perfons.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena6led, That if a regular (lamped Policy of Infurance shall be underwritten, in lieu of any such Contrail as aforesaid, by some only of the Perfons who shall have underwritten the Contrail, by reason of the Refufal, or of the Death, Bankruptcy, Infanity or Abfence of the others or other of them, then upon the Contrail being delivered up as aforesaid, and on the Produdion of the Policy underwritten in lieu thereof, within the said One Calendar Month, it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners to make an Allowance in the manner aforesaid, for the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Contrad, except so much thereof as shall be due for or in respect of the Sum or Sums underwritten on the Contrad, and not transferred to the Policy ; and if it shall appear to the Satisfadion of the said Commiflioners, that any legal Proceedings are intended to be inflituted, by or on the behalf of the Insured, in respect of any Sum or Sums underwritten on the Contrad, but not transferred to the Policy, which may require the Produdion of the Contrad, it shall be lawful for the said Commif-floners to canoel, and expunge the Stamp on the Contrail, and to substitute another Stamp, for denoting only the Duty payable in respect of the Sum or Sums not transferred to the Policy, and thereupon to redeliver the Contrad to the Insured, or his or their Broker or Agent.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Allowance as aforesaid shall be made in respect of any Contrad of Infurance, which shall be underwritten to a greater Amount than the Stamp Duty thereon will cover, unless it shall be proved to have been done inadvertently, and a regular stamped Policy shall be made out, and be underwritten in full, or in Part, in lieu thereof, within Three Days afterwards, and Application shall be made for the Allowance within Seven Office Days after the Date of the lafl Subfcription on the Contrad.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it shall also be lawful for the said Commiflioners of Stamps to make such and the like Allowances of or for or in respect of the Stamp Duty, on such blank stamped Paper as aforesaid, where the fame shall happen to be spoiled, without being signed by any Underwriter, and also where regular stamped Policies shall not be underwritten in lieu thereof, in the cases of greater or less Sums being underwritten thereon than the Stamp Duty will cover, and in the cases of Infurances made conditionally subject to the Approbation of the Insured, and in the cases of no Rilk, no Interect, and short Interefl respectively, as in and by an Ad of the present Sefiion of Parliament, for better enabling the Commiflioners of Stamps to make Allowances for spoiled Stamps on Policies of Infurance in Great Britain, and for preventing Frauds relating thereto, they the said Commiflioners are or shall be authorized to make, of or for or in respect of the Stamp Duty on regular Policies of Infurance, in the like cases refoedively, and upon such and the like Terms and Conditions in au respects and not other wife.

XL And



A.D. 1814.

74 *

540 GEO. III.	C. 144.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provifions Provifions of

and Regulations, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties, contained	..

in and imposed by the A& of the present Seffion of Parliament cfcs^extendedTu above referred to for facilitating the Allowance of Stamp Duty on Controls. Policies of Infurance in the cases therein mentioned, and for examining and fubftantiating the Claims to such Allowances, and for preventing Frauds and punishing Offences relating thereto, shall be exerciied, observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution, with

regard to such Contradls of Infurance as aforesaid, and to the Allowance of the Stamp Duty thereon in the cases herein specified, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been herein inserted at length and specially enacted, with reference to such Contradts of Infurance.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon to whom any Allowances ta

Allowance of Stamp Duty on Contracts or Policies of Infurance Perfons supplied fhali be to be made, either as Principal or Agent or Broker, in pur- on Credit, de-fuance of this or any other A6t, fhali Hand indebted to His Majefty	from

for Stamps supplied on Credit in pursuance of this A6f, or of the e ts' aforesaid A€t of the Thirty fifth Year of Elis Majcfty’s Reign, it

fhali be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps to write off the Amount of such Allowance from the Sum then due and owing from him, instead of delivering Stamps for the fame.

4 XIII. And Whereas it is expedient to alter the Period (a) now 4 fixed for Attornies, Solicitors and others in England, to take out 4 their annual Certificates, and pay the Stamp Duty thereon Be it therefore further enacted, That all Attornies, Solicitors, Prodlors, Alteration of Notaries Public and others, who by the Laws in force would be Period for At-bound to take out stamped Certificates, and pay the Duty thereon at tornies, kc. to the Head Office of Stamps in Middlesex annually, between the First take out annual Day of November and the End of Michaelmas Term following, fhali ertl cates* in future take out such Certificates and pay the Duty thereon, and do all other A6ls necessary for that Purpose, annually between the Fifteenth Day of November and the Sixteenth Day of December in each Year 5 and in Default thereof, fhali be subject and liable to such and the fame Penalties, Forfeitures and Disqualifications, as they would have been under the Laws now in force for not taking out such Certificates within the Period first above mentioned.

(a) [See 37 G. 3. e. 90. § 26.-44 G. 3. e. 59. § I.]

XIV. And be it further enabled, That all Certificates which fhali ReguUtionfor have been taken out by such Attornies, Solicitors, Prodlors, Notaries of Cer-Public and others as aforesaid, and which would under the Laws in ^hc,nes *nd force cease and determine on the First Day of November One thou- OIltinuancc' sand eight hundred and fourteen, fhali continue in force until the Fifteenth Day of the fame November incluftVe ; and that, from and after the said Fifteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, all Certificates which fhali be taken out between the Fifteenth Day of November and the Sixteenth Day of December in any Year, by Attornies, Solicitors, Pro&ors, Notaries Public and others, hereby required to take out the fame within that Period, fhali be dated on the Sixteenth Day of November ; and all Certificates which shall be taken out by any such Perfons at any other time fhali be dated on the Day on which the fame fhali be granted ; and all such Certificates respectively fhali have effect and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof until the Fifteenth Day of November following, both inclusive, and no longer.

3^3	Digitized	by

742

C. 1451 146.

54’ GEO, III.

A.D. 1814.

Attainder except for Hi;h

Treason, &c. not to extend to ditinheriting any Heir, &c.

Form of Sentence in case of Hi^h Treafon.

His Majesty may alter tien-tence.

CAP. CXLV.

An Acl to take away Corruption of Blood save in certain Cafes.

[27th July 1814.]

*	T7HEREAS it is expedient to make fuck Provifions by Law

*	V V as are hereinafter contained Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aficmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That no Attainder for Felony which shall take place from and after the pafling of this Aft, favc and except in cases of the Crime of High Treason, or of the Crimes of Petit Treafon or Murder, or of abetting, procuring or counselling the fame, shall extend to the difin-heriting of any Heir, nor to the Prejudice of the Right or Title of any Pcrfon or Perfons other than the Right or Title of the Offender or Offenders during his, her or their natural Lives only ; and that it shall be lawful to every Perfon or Perfons, to whom the Right or Intereft of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, after the Death of any such Offender or Offenders should or might have appertained if no such Attainder had been, to enter into the fame.

CAP. CXLVI.

An Acl to alter the Punifhment in certain Cafes of High Treafon.	[27th	July	1	814.]

*	TT7 HE REAS in certain cases of High Treason, as the Law 1 VV now stands, the Sentence or Judgment required by Law to

*	be pronounced or awarded again ft Perfons convicted or adjudged

*	guilty of the said Crime, in such cases is, that they should be drawn

*	on an Plurdle to the Place of Execution and there be hanged by

*	the Neck but not until they are dead, but that they should be 1 taken down again, and that when they are yet alive their Bowels

*	fhould be taken out and burnt before their Faces, and that after-

*	wards their Pleads should be fevered from their Bodies, and their

*	Bodies be divided into Four Quarters, and their Heads and Quarters

*	to be at The King’s Difpofal: And Whereas it is expedient in the

*	faid cases of High Treafon to alter the Sentence or Judgment now 4 required by Law;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in all cases of High Treason, in which, as the Law now stands, the Sentence or Judgment ordained by Law is as aforesaid, the Sentence or Judgment tt> be pronounced or awarded, from and after the pafTmg of this Aft, against any Perfon convicted or adjudged guilty shall be, that such Perfon shall be drawn on a Hurdle to the Place of Execution, and be there hanged by the Neck until such Perfon be dead ; and that afterwards the Head shall be fevered from the Body of such Perfon, and the Body divided into Four Quarters, shall be difpofedof as His Majesty and his Succeffors shall think fit.

II. And be it further declared and enacted, That in case His Majesty or his Succeffors shall so think fit, His Majesty or his Suc-ceftors, after such Sentence or Judgment shall be pronounced or

12	awarded,



A.D.1814.

743

540 GEO. IIL	C. 146, 147.

awarded, may by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, countersigned by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, declare it to be his or their Will and Pleasure, and may dire61 and order that such Perfon as aforesaid shall not be drawn, but shall be taken in such manner as in the said Warrant shall be exprefl’ed, to the Place of Execution, and that such Perfon shall not be there hanged by the Neck, but that in (lead thereof the Head shall be there fevered from the Body of such Perfon whilil alive, and in such Warrant may direct and order how and in what manner the Body, Head and Quarters of such Perfon shall be disposed of; and it shall be lawful for the Sheriff or other Perfon or Perfons to whom such Warrant shall be ad-drelTcd, and whom it shall concern, to carry the fame into Execution accordingly.

CAP. CXLVII.

An A£t for the better Regulation of the Drivers of Licenfed Hackney Coaches; for explaining and amending an A£l palled in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majelfy, relating to Hackney Coaches; and for authorising the licenling of a limited Number of Hackney Chariots. [28th July 1814.]

*	TT7HEREAS great Frauds are daily practised, by the Drivers

*	V V of licensed Hackney Coaches, upon their Employers the € Owners thereof, by concealing and witholding from them the fair

*	and full Earnings of their Coaches, whereby the said Owners are

*	rendered the less able to discharge the Weekly Rent due to His € Majesty on their respective Licences : And Whereas no fufficient

*	Check hath yet been devised or enacted for the Prevention of fuch

*	Frauds:* May it therefore please Your Majedy that it maybe enacted and declared ; and be it therefore enabled and declared by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That within One Month from and after the palling of this A6t, Drivers of every Perfon who now is or shall hereafter be licensed bv the Com- Hackney miflioners for licenfmg and regulating Hackney Coaches for the time *?oaches t0 hav® being, or the major Part of them, to drive, keep and let to hire ^ o/xi^kets" by Time or Didance, any Hackney Coach with Horfcs, Geldings marked is. and or Mares, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the is. 6d. Suburbs of the fame respectively, and within the Pariihes and Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any other Place or Places within which by any of the Laws now in force such Hackney Coachmen are compellable to go or to drive their Coaches,

shall (and he is so hereby directed), before he shall presume on any Oecaiion to drive or let to Hire, or caufc to be driven or let to Hire his Hackney Coach, provide himself, or the Driver whom he shall employ, through the Means and under the Direction of the said Commi(boners, and at his own Expence, a sufficient Number of Notes or Tickets, on which shall be printed His Majclly’s Arms, together with the Words “ Hackney Coach Office,” and the Number of his Coach or Chariot, together with the Name and Refidence of the Proprietor and Driver of such Coach or Chariot, as also the Year and the Month, with Blanks left for the Day of the Month (to be afterwards,, but before the fame shall be used as hereinafter directed.

3 B +



filled



744

A.D.1814.

C. 147.

54’ GEO. III.

Tickets delivered corresponding to Amount of Fare.

No Complaint heard without Produdion of Tickets.

Number of Coach maiked on Ticket to be Evidence.

Commiflioners to appoint Prin-ter for printing Tickets.

No other Perlon to print.

Penalty.

Printer to deliver Tickets to Pei Ions producing Order of Cotnmillioners,

filled up and supplied in Writing by such liccnfcd Owner) on which such Coach shall be driven or let to Hire, and on some of which Notes or Tickets shall also be printed in Words or Figures, the Sum of One Shilling, and on others in Words or Figures the Sum of One Shilling and Six pence.

II.	And be it further enabled, That before any Driver (whether he be the Owner or not) of any such liccnfcd Hackney Coach shall be entitled to receive or be paid the Amount of his Fare on any Occafion of his Coach being hired, he shall deliver (whether the fame shall be required or not) to the Perfon (or if there shall be more than One in Company, then to One of such Perfons), whom he shall have driven in his Coach, so many of such Notes or Tickets, so properly filled up, as shall or may by the Sum9 printed thereoo make up the Aggregate and full Amount of such his Fare.

III.	And, for the better carrying into Effedt the Purpofes of this Adi, it is hereby further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons who shall have hired any such Hackney Coach, shall be entitled to any Redress, or to be heard on any Complaint or Information which he may exhibit either before the said Commiflioncrs, or before any Juflice of the Peace, or other Perfon or Perfons having competent Jurifdidlion in such cases, under or by virtue of any Laws relating to Hackney Coaches licensed by the said Commifiioners ; whether any such Complaint or Information be for Exaction, or for Mifbehaviour, or for any other Offence whatfodyer, unless he, she or they shall and do, previous to entering upon the hearing thereof, produce and shew forth to the Perfon or Perfons so having competent Jurifdiction, before whom any such Complaint or Information shall have been exhibited, some One or more of the said Notes or Tickets which he shall have received, or might and ought to have received by virtue of this Adi.

IV.	And, for the better Security of the Public against the Inference and Exadlion of Hackney Coach Drivers, and as an Encouragement to Perfons hiring such Hackney Coaches to require and to receive the Notes or Tickets hereinbefore diredlcd to be used, be it further enacted, That the Number of the Coach marked on such Notes or Tickets so to be produced on the hearing of any such Complaint or Information shall and may be received (where the Evidence as to the Number of the Coach may be otherwise defective), as auxiliary and corroborative, but not as indisputable and conclulive Evidence of Identity.

V.	And be it further enacted, that the said Commifiioners shall have Power, and they arc hereby directed and required, by Deputation under the Seal of Office and Hands of the said Commifiioners, or the major Part of them, to nominate, appoint and employ such Perfon as they shall deem proper, being a Printer by Trade, to prepare and Print such Notes or Tickets as are hereinbefore 'diredlcd to be used; and no other Printer or other Perfon whatever than the Perfon so appointed shall presume to prepare and print, or cause to be prepared and printed, any such Notes or Tickets, or the Semblance of such Notes or Tickets, under the Penalty of Three hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That such Printer so duly appointed shall not furnish or deliver to any Perfon or Perfons whatever, any Note or Ticket, or Number or Parcel of Notes or Tickets, unlelt the Perfon or Perfons applying to him for the Came shall produce

unto





54° GEO. III.

•M7*

745

unto him an Order written or printed, and signed by the said Commif-fioners, or One of them, or by their Chief Clerk for the time being, whereon shall be written or printed the Number of the Coach for which the Notes or Tickets shall be required, together with the Quantity or Number of thfc Notes or Tickets so required ; and he is hereby authorized and directed, upon the Produdion of such Order, to deliver to the Perfon or Perfons producing the fame, the Number of Notes or Tickets as exprefTed in such Order accordingly, and to charge for the fame after such Rate as the said Commillioners shall direct for every Hundred ; and if the Printer so duly appointed to penalty, prepare and print such Notes or Tickets shall deliver the fame Notes or Tickets, or any Number or Parcel thereof, to any Perfon or Perfons without the Production of such Order as hereinbefore directed, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Driver of Owner or any Hackney Coach, liccnfed by the said CommifTioners or any other Driver Forging, Perfon, shall falsely make, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure &c* lickcU* to be faliely made, forged or counterfeited, any Note or Ticket, or

any Order for any Number of Notes or Tickets, by this Ad authorized and directed to be used, or shall produce or shew or deliver any such false, forged or counterfeited Note or Ticket or Order, for any of the Purpofes aforesaid, every such Perfon so offending shall, if he be the hired Driver of any Hackney Coach licensed by the said CommifTioners, for every Offence suffer as a Common Vagrant and be committed to the House of Corredion; and every such Perfon so imprisonment. ofTending, being the Owner of an Hackney Coach licensed by the Owner, said CommifTioners or other Perfon (not being the hired Driver only of such Hackney Coach) so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered penalty, and applied as hereinafter mentioned.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no jmprifonment

Driver of any such licensed Hackney Coach committed to any Gaol n«>» more than or House of Correction for any such last mentioned Offence againil Year, n.-r lei* this Ad, shall be detained therein for any longer Space of time than tbaM ^ x One Year, nor for any less Period of time than Six Months.	omu.

* IX. And Whereas it will be for the Advantage both of the

*	Owner and Driver, that the regular Wages as and in manner here-

*	tofore paid to the Drivers of licensed Hackney Coaches by the « O wners thereof should be altogether difeontinued, and that another

*	Mode of Remuneration should be adopted, for such their mutual

*	Benefit Be it therefore further enacted, That the Driver (not Driver to ac-being the Owner) of every Hackney Coach licensed by the said Com- count to Em-mifTioners, on every Occafion of his Return home with his Coach, pl >ycr for and on being so required, shall account to his Mafler or Employer

for the whole Number of the Tickets which shall have been entrusted t^VVt^him to him by his said Mafler or Employer, by returning such as he shall and ;n )jcu ot ' not have had Occafion to use, as hereinbefore directed, and by Pay- Wages to eminent of the full Amount of such as he shall have regularly disposed du*1 2d**"r of, and for which he shall have received, or ought to have received, an every shlllinS Equivalent ih Money; and in lieu of Wages, and for his Ecourage-ment to be diligent and honest, and as a Compenfation for his Labour and Trouble, he’fhall be entitled to dedud for his own use, or to receive and be paid by his said Matter or Employer, Two pence out

of

earned.





Allowance in created, &c.

Drivers not faithfully ac-countinq: to Employers.

etulty.

Imprilbnmcnt.

Penalties not exceeding $1. how levied, ncc.

Penalties amounting to 50I. how levied.

Penalties hour dil'pofed oh

C. 147.	540 GEO. III.	A.D.	1814.

of every Shilling which he shall have earned, and shall account for in manner aforesaid ; and it shall be Lawful for the Commiflioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, or the major Part of them, to increase or diminish the Allowance of Two pence in every Shilling hereinbefore mentioned, from time to time, when and as they shall fee fit and proper; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithllanding.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any such Driver as aforesaid shall refuse or negleCl to return, or well and truly and faithfully to account to his said Mailer or Employer in manner aforesaid, for every Note or Ticket which shall have been entrusted to him as hereinbefore dire died ; then and in every such case he shall be liable to his said Mafler or Employer for the Amount of the Sum expreflbd upon every such Note or Ticket which he shall not properly account for or return, and shall besides forfeit a Penalty not exceeding Three Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, to be levied and recovered as any Penalty may be levied and recovered under and by virtue of any Act of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches, iicenfed by the said Commiflioners, and for Nonpayment thereof shall fufFer as a Common Vagrant, and be committed to the House of Correction for a time not exceeding Three Months nor less than One Month.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures not exceeding the Sum of Three Pounds, and also all Punifhments by Commitment to any Gaol or House of Correction, to be levied and recovered, suffered and inflicted under and by virtue of this ACl, shall and may be levied, recovered and inffi&ed in such and the like Manner and Form, and by such Perfons as by any Law or Laws now in force rcfpeCting Hackney Coaches Iicenfed by the said Commiflioners.

XII.	And be it further enaClcd, That all pecuniary Penalties which shall be incurred under this ACl, and shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds or more, shall be sued for and recovered under the DireClion of the said Commiflioners, in any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record at Wcjlminjier, by AClion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Efloin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed 5 and it shall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever to commence, prosecute, enter or file, or cause or procure to be commeneed, prosecuted, entered or filed any AClion, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefly’s Courts at Wejlminjler> against any Perfon or Perfons for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this ACl, unless the fame be commeneed, prosecuted, entered or filed in the Name of His Majefly’s Attorney General, or in the Name of the Solicitor for the time being; or of some other Officer of the Commiflioners of Hackney Coaches; and if any ACtion, Bill, Plaint or Information shall be commeneed, prosecuted, entered or filed in the Name or Names of any other Perfon or Perfons than is or are in that behalf before mentioned, the fame and every Proceeding thereupon had are hereby declared and the fame shall be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and clifiributed, One Moiety thereof to His Maielly, his Heirs and Succcfi'ors, and the other Moiety thereof with full Colls of Suit to the Perfon or Perfons who shall inform and sue for the fame.

GoOOUlV. And

747

* XIV. And Whereas under and by virtue of a certain Aft of Par-4 liament made and parted in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of 48 0.3. c.87.

‘ Hi3 present Majesty, intituled An Aft for repealing the Rates and 4 Taxes (a) taken by licensed Hackney Coaclimen, and for ejlablifh'ing 4 others in lieu thereof; and for amending several Laws relating to 4 Hackney Coaches ; it was provided, than an Hackney Coachman §

*	fhould be obliged and compelled to carry Four adult Perfons infide

*	his Coach, and a Servant out fide if required, at one and the fame

*	time, and that he should not be compellable to carry above that

* Number, but that if he should agree to take above that Number,

* he should be entitled to demand and receive for every such addi-

*	tional adult Perfon whom he should so agree to carry, and should 1 carry, One Shilling over and above the regular Fare; or if he

*	fhould have been hired to drive into the Country, and should drive

*	thither, and there should wait, and should return with any such ad-

*	ditional adult Perfon, he should be entitled to demand and receive

*	for every such additional adult Perfon whom he should so agree to 4 carry, and should carry into the Country, and after waiting return 4 with, One Shilling for going, and One Shilling for returning, over 4 and above his regular Fare : And Whereas Doubts have arisen as

*	to what shall be termed an Agreement to carry, and also as to the

4 Wrord Adult in the said Aft;’ Be it therefore enabled, That, from Number of Pcr-and after the parting of this Aft, every Hackney Coachman may fons carried, refuse to carry more than Four adult or grown up Perfons (and not being Children in Arms or Lap), in his Coach, and a Servant out-fide, at one and the fame time, and shall not at any time be compellable to carry above that Number of such Perfons ; but if he shall agree to carry, or shall actually carry above that Number of such Perfons in his Coach at one and the fame time, he shall be entitled to demand, and to receive and be paid for every such additional Perfon, of whatever Age he or she maybe (not being a Child in Arms or Lap), whom he shall so agree to carry, or shall actually carry, One Shilling over and above the regular Fare, under the circumstances and as allowed by the said Aft.	(a) [«SVr Title of the Afl.~\

4 XV. And Whereas under and by virtue of Three several Afts

* of Parliament made and parted in the Ninth Year of the Reign of 9 Ann. 0.23.

4 Her late Majesty Queen Anney in the Eleventh and in the Forty	c

*	fecond Years of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively, ^	c'24’

4 One thousand one hundred Hackney Coaches are authorized to be 42 G. 3. c. 78.

4 licensed to be employed within the Cities of London and Wejlmin- §1.

4 Jlery and the Suburbs thereof, and within all and every the Pari flies 4 and Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality : And 4 Whereas it would contribute to the Public Convenience to reduce

*	the said Number of licensed Hackney Coaches, and in lieu of the

*	Number to be so reduced, to allow an equal Number of Hackney 4 Chariots, to go or be driven for Hire within the Cities of London 4 and Wejlminjlery and the Par i flies and Places within which licenced

*	Hackney Coaches are now by Law compellable to go or to be

driven Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the parting of Commiflioners this Aft, the Commirtioners for liccnfing and regulating Hackney Inay ^,cence 200 Coaches for the time being, shall have Power and Authority, and	but

are hereby authorized and empowered, under their Hands and Seals, not l0 exceed in or under the Hands and Seals of the major Part of them from time Coaches and to time, as Opportunity shall occur by Vacancy in the Number of Chariots the

licenfed authorized LjOOQlC

Number of i,ico.

Chariots to pay "Weekly Sum of 5*-

Application of Money arising by Rents of Chariots.

Number of Performs carried in Hackney Chariot.

C. 147.	54®	GEO,	III.	A.D.i8i4«

licenfed Hackney Coaches, and as and when in their Difcretion they shall fee fit, to license a limited Number of Hackney Chariots, so as the Number of such Chariots do not exceed at any one time the Number of Two hundred, and so as the Aggregate Number of Carriages, licensed or to be licensed by virtue of the said former Adis and this present Adi (whether Coach or Chariot) shall not at any One time exceed the already authorized Number of One thousand one hundred : and that upon every One of the Licences so to be granted in pursuance of this Adi, there shall be reserved and made payable unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, the like respective Weekly Sums of Five Shillings, as is now payable upon any Licenfe granted before the palling of this Adf for any Hackney Coach; to be paid from the Commencement of every such Licence during the Continuance thereof respectively, in like manner, and under like Penalties, Covenants, Conditions and Provifoes therein to be inserted, as in other Licences granted in pursuance of the several Adis now in force relating to Hackney Coaches; and that the fame Hackney Chariots so hereby authorized to be licensed, and the Perfons to be licensed to drive or keep the fame, shall in respect thereof have the fame Rates and Benefits, and be subject and liable to all the fame Orders, Rules, Regulations, Bye-Laws, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things as are and were lawfully preferibed in relation to any Perfons licensed to keep or drive Hackney Coaches, and the Renters of such Licences, and Drivers of such Coaches, before the palling of this present Adf, and as are preferibed by this present Adi (other than so far as the fame is, are or shall be inconsistent with, or con-tradidlory or repugnant to any thing in this Adf contained, and other than in such cases for which different Provifions are herein pre-fcribed) ; and that all Perfons who shall presume to drive, or let to Hire by the Hour or Day, or otherwise, any Hackney Chariot, or Chariot Horfes, or to carry any Perfon or Perfons for Hire, in any Hackney Chariot within the Cities of London and lVe/lminJler> or the Suburbs of the fame, or within any of the Parifhes or Places comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, without such Leave or Licence as aforesaid, shall be liable to all such Forfeitures and Penalties as are or may be imposed by any Adi or Adis of Parliament relative to Hackney Coaches.

XVI.	And it is hereby declared and enacted, That all the Monies to arise by Rents of the said Hackney Chariots so hereby authorized to be licensed, shall be subject and applicable to the like Ufes and Purposes, and under the like Penalties as the Rents upon Hackney Coaches are applicable and appropriated by Parliament.

XVII.	And be it further enadfed. That every Hackney Chariot Driver may refuse to carry more than Two adult or grown-up Perfons (and not being Children in Arms or Lap) in his Chariot, and a Servant outside, at one and the fame time, and shall not at any time be compellable to carry above that Number ; but if he shall agree to carry or shall actually carry above that Number of such Perions in his Chariot at any one time, he shall be entitled to demand and to receive and be paid for every such additional Perfon (of whatever Age he or she may be, not being a Child in Arms or Lap) whom he shall so agree to carry or shall actually carry. One Shilling over and above the regular Fare ; or if he shall have been hired to drive into the Country, and shall drive thither, and there shall wait and fhall

return





749

540 GEO. III.	C. 147,148.

return with any such additional or extra Perfon, he shall be entitled to demand and receive for every such additional Perfon whom he shall so agree to carry, or shall actually carry into the Country, and after waiting return with, One Shilling for going, and One Shilling for returning, over and above his regular Fare.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Per- General Ifliie. fbns shall at any time or times be sued, molested or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Aft, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Perfon or Perfons shall and may plead the General I flue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence ; and if upon the Trial a Verdift shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or Judgment shall be recovered against him or them upon Demurrer, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her or their Aftion, or be nonproffed therein, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Coils Treble Cods, awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. CXLV1II.

An Aft for imposing an Excife Duty on Silk Handkerchiefs fold by the East India Company for Home Confumption.

[28th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of the 49 G.3. c.98. Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, inti-* tuled An AS for repealing the several Duties of Cujloms chargeable € in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof 4 certain Duties of Cuftoms are imposed for every One hundred Tab.B.

4 Pounds of the Value of Silk Handkerchiefs printed, stained,

4 painted or dyed, imported into Great Britain by the United Com-4 pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and fe-4 cured in Warehoufes : And Whereas by a Claufe in an Aft made 4 in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- 43 G. 3. c. 68. € tuled An AS to repeal the Duties of Cujloms payable in Great * Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof \ it was enacted,

4 that, from and after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of ^ *

< Peace between His Majesty and the Republick of France, it should 4 and might be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of 4 England trading to the East Indies to expose to sale, either for the 4 Purpofe of being worn or used in Great Britain or for Exportation,

< any Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufacture of PerJJta, China or the 4 East Indies^ that should have been or might thereafter be secured in 4 the Warehoufes of the said United Company, subject nevertheless to 4 the Duties by that Aft imposed thereon ; and that all such Silk « Handkerchiefs on which such Duties should have been paid, should < and might be worn or used in Great Britain, or fold or exposed to < sale therein, subject nevertheless to a Provifo in the said recited Aft *

• contained, reftnfting the said United Company from felling or ex-4 posing to sale a greater Quantity of such Silk Handkerchiefs than 4 Fifty thousand Pieces in any one Year, for the Space of Three 4 Years from and after the said Ratification, and directing that such * Fifty thousand Pieces should be of the usual Length, and of the * Sorts that should have been usually exposed to Sale : And Whereas 4 it is expedient that the said recited Claufe and Provifions should be

* made





75°

C. 148.

Silk Handkerchiefs imported by E. I. Company fold or worn in G. B.

Limitation of Quantity.

Duty of 25 per Cent, on Sale Price of Hand-kerchiefs paid by Purchaser, paid to Excife within 40 Days after Sale.

Duty under Commiflioners of Excife.

Stamps provided to denote Pavment of Duty.

Handkerchief* not to be removed out of Warehoufe till

54° GEO. IIL	A.	D*	1814*

* made perpetual in manner hereinafter mentioned ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies to expose to sale, either for the Purpofe of being worn or used in Great Britain, or for Exportation, any Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufacture of Pcrj\ay China or the East Indies, that shall have been or may hereafter be fe-cured in the Warehoufes of the said United Company, fubjt. <£t never-thclefs to the Duties by the said A6t (d) and also to the Duties by this A£t iinpofed thereon; and all such Silk Handkerchiefs on which such Duties shall have been duly paid shall and may be worn or used in Great Britain, or fold or exposed to sale therein : Provided always nevertheless, that the said United Company shall not in any one Year fell or expose to sale a greater Quantity of such Silk Handkerchiefs than Fifty thousand Pieces, and that such Fifty thousand Pieces shall be of the usual Length, and of the Sorts that shall have been heretofore usually exposed to Sale.	(a) [49 G. 3. c, 98. Tab. B-

but fee Cap. 36. Se8, 1. and Tables A* & B. ante, by which all antecedent Duties appear to be repealed, and other Duties to be imposed.]

II.	And be it further enacted, That upon all Silk Handkerchiefs printed, stained, painted or dyed, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and secured in Warehouses, and which, from and after the pafling of this Act, ihall be fold by the said United Company for Home Con-fumption, there shall be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-celfors, a Duty of Twenty five Pounds per Centum, to be computed upon the gross Prices at which such Silk Handkerchiefs shall be fold, which said Duty shall be paid by the Purchafer or Purcbalen of such Silk Handkerchiefs to the said United Company at such time or times as shall by the Conditions of such Sales be from time to time appointed for the Payment of the Price of such Silk Handkerchiefs to the said United Company, and the said United Company lhaii at all times, together with the proper Officers of Excife, make up aa Account of Twenty five Pounds per Centum, to be computed upo® the gross Prices at which such Silk Handkerchiefs shall he fold, and pay the fame to the Commissioners of Excife for the time being, within Forty Days after the Expiration of each quarterly Sale, which said Duty shall be and shall be deemed and taken to be an Excue Duty, and shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excife in England for the time being.

III.	And, for the better fecurir.g the said Duty of Excife by this A& granted, be it further enacted. That such proper Stamps or Seals shall be provided by the ComanifTioncrs of Excife in England, by this A6t chargeable on the said Silk Handkerchiefs, as may serve to denote the Payment or charging of the Duty by this A£t imposed, for or in respect of such Silk Handkerchiefs, and that the said Stamps or Seals shall be used and applied accordingly, aud shall and may from time to time be renewed or altered by the said Commissioners *6 often as they shall fee fit to renew or alter the fame.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons shall remove, carry or fend away, or suffer to be removed, Carried or sent away from or out ?f any Warehoufe or Warehoufes approved of by

.	the

CjOOQle

0*148*

751

A*D*i8i4*	54°	III.

the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Cuftorns for the time being, and properly marked

into which the fame shall have been carried or put under or by virtue at bc>th ^nds.

of any A& or Acts of Parliament in that case made or provided,

any Silk Handkerchiefs or Handkerchief for or in respect whereof a

Duty is imposed by this Act, until every particular Piece or Parcel or

Remnant of the fame respectively shall have been duly marked at both

Ends thereof with a Stamp or Seal, or Stamps or Seals, denoting

the charging the Duty by this Act imposed, for or in respect thereof,

on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty

Pounds; and all such Handkerchiefs so removed, carried or sent Penalty.

away without being marked with a Stamp or Seal or Stamps or Seals

denoting the charging the said Duty, shall be forfeited, and the fame

shall and may be ieized by any Officer of Excife.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commiflioners of Officers in Excife shall cause the said Stamps or Seals to be delivered to the damping not to proper Officer or Officers of Excife for the Purpofe aforesaid, and

such Officer or Officers is and are hereby enjoined and required in ' nfing the fame to do no Hurt or Damage, or the lealt Hurt or . Damage that may be to the Silk Handkerchiefs to be so marked or

flamped 5 and if any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever shall at any time Counterfeiting

or times hereafter counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Seal, to resemble Stamp or felling

any Stamp or Seal which shall be provided in pursuance of this Act,

to denote the charging the Duties on the said Silk Handkerchiefs, felt stamp.

or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impreffion of the fame upon any

Silk or Silk Handkerchies, or shall fell any Silk Handkerchief with

a counterfeit Stamp thereon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited,

all and every the Perfon or Perfons so offending, shall, for each and

every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Penalty.

Pounds.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons Concealing shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty of his just Duty or Duties Handkerchiefs for or in respect thereof, fraudulently deposit, hide or conceal, any clandestinely ruu. Silk Handkerchiefs, of the Manufacture of Perfia, China or Eajl

Indicia printed, stained, painted or dyed, or shall, with Intent to prevent the Difcovery thereof by the Officers of the Cultoms or Excife, deposit, hide or conceal, any Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufacture aforesaid, printed, stained, painted or dyed, and which shall have been clandestinely run, then and in every such case the Perfon or Perfons so offending shall, for each and every Piece or Part of a Piece of such Silk Handkerchiefs, forfeit and iofe the Sum of Fifty penajtT Pounds; and all and every the Pieces and Parts of Pieces of such Silk Handkerchiefs, so depoiited, hidden or concealed, shall be forfeited ; and the fam« shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excife.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Silk Handerchief or Handkerchiefs

Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufacture of Perfia, Chinay or East found in Poi-Ind'ta, printed, stained, painted or dyed, shall, from and after the if ilion of Dea-Fifth of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen be found j5rs’ ”n‘ in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any Draper, or of any Trader or	^

Dealer in Silks or Handkerchiefs, or in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of

any other, Perfon or Perfons, for the Ufe of or on Account of any such Draper, Trader or Dealer, without being marked or sealed either on the both Ends or on one End thereof, with a Stamp or Seal* denoting the charging of the Duty by this A& imposed for or

in





C. 148.

54* GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

TTnmnrked

Handkerchiefs having been Part of Piece marked, not to be admitted in Evidence.

Having certain Quantity of Handkerchiefs in Poflellion deemed Traders.

Oath made of Sufpicion of Concealment of Handkerchiefs without Stamps, Officers may enter Premiles, and make Seiz-

in respect thereof, such Silk Handkerchief or Silk Handkerchiefs shall be forfeited.	7

VIII. And, to prevent Drapers and Dealers from alleging or pretending that any such Silk Handkerchief or Silk Handkerchiefs was or were a Part or Parts of a Piece or Pieces which had been marked or sealed at both Ends thereof, under or by virtue of this Adi, but was or were cut from the fame, on the Sale of the damped End or Ends of the Piece from whence the fame was or were so cut, be it enacted, That no such Allegation, nor any such Pretence, shall be deemed or taken to be valid, or in any manner available in Law; nor shall any Proof of any Silk Handkerchief or Silk Handerchiefs, not marked or sealed as lad aforesaid, having been a Part or Parts of any Piece or Pieces which had been marked or sealed under or by virtue of this Adi, be admissible in Evidence, or received in any Court of Juftice.

4 IX. And Whereas it may, from the Privacy of their Dealings 4 on many Occafions be difficult to prove that Perfons in whole 4 Cuftody or Pofleffion Silk Handkerchiefs forfeited under or by * virtue of this Aid when found in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of any 4 Trader or Dealer in Silk Handkerchiefs, are Traders or Dealers 4 in Silk Handkerchiefs, and it is therefore expedient to make such 4 Provifion as hereinafter mentioned ;* Be it therefore enacted, That any Perfon or Perfon9 in whose Cuftody or Pofleffion Three Pieces or upwards of Silk Handkerchiefs, or any Silk Handkerchiefs exceeding the Number of Twenty one Silk Handkerchiefs shall be dif-covered or found, shall be deemed and taken to be a Trader and Dealer in Silk Handkerchiefs within the Meaning of this Act: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to subject any Perfon or Perfons to be deemed and taken to be a Trader or Dealer in Silk Handkerchiefs, for or by reason of his, her or their having in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleffion any Number of old, worn or ui'ed Silk Handkerchiefs, not exceeding Twenty one, for the usual and ordinary Ufe of himself or his Family 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excife shall have Caufe to suspect §ilk Handkerchiefs printed, stained, painted or dyed, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Cuftoms or Excife ought to have been charged, shall be fraudulently depolited, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, witn Intent to defraud His Majesty of such Duty or Duties, or that any Silk Handkerchief printed, stained, painted or dyed, and which ought to have been stamped under or by virtue of this Adi, shall be in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Draper, or of any Trader or Dealer in Silks or Handkerchiefs, or in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of any other Perfon or Perfons for the use of or on account of any such Draper, Trader or Dealer, without having thereupon any such Stamps or Seals, or Stamp or Seal, as by this Adi is required, to denote the Payment or charging the Duty of Excife by this Adi imposed for or in respect thereof, or that any Silk Handkerchiefs printed, stained, painted or dyed clan-deftinely run shall be deposited, lodged, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, then and in every such case, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commiffloners of Excife in England^ for the time being, or any Two or more of them, within

the

CjOOQle

7 S3

A.D.i8i4*	540 GEO. III.	€.148.

the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, or before One’ * or more Juftice or Judices of the Peace in any Part of Great Brittain, setting forth the Ground of his or their Sufpicion, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or the Jultice or Judices of the Peace respectively, as the case may require, before whom* such Oath shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night then in the Prefence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every the Place and Places where he or they shall so fupeft such Silk Handkerchiefs to be so deposited, hid or concealed, or to be in the Cudody aforesaid, and to seize andf carry away all such Silk Handkerchiefs which he or they shall then and there find, together with the Cheds, Trunks and Packages containing the fame, and all such Silk Handkerchiefs so found, together with the Cheds, Trunks and Packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall let, obstruct or Packages&e. hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife, or any other Perfon or Per-fons acting in his Aid or Affidance for or in the Execution of any such Warrant from entering any such Place or Places for the Purpofes aforesaid, or in seizing or carrying away any Silk Handkerchiefs forfeited under or by virtue of this or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament, or in the due Execution of any such Warrant, every Perfon or Perfons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit Penalty, and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and For- Recovery,ftc. feiture6 imposed by this Aft shall be sued for, recovered, levied or °* P«uakies, ic, mitigated by such ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law

or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the fame.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers,[ Power* of

Authorities, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Mat- i* ters and Things which in and by an Aft made in the Twelfth Year	cn

of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled

An A3 for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries andTenures . in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now -in force relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife or Inland Duties, under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife, are provided, fettled or eftablilhed, for managing, raising, levying, collesting, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby imposed, or any of them, or for preventing, detefting or puniftung Frauds relating thereto, other than in such cases for wnich other Penalties or Proviiions are preferibed by this Aft, shall be practised, used, applied and put in Execution in and for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering and paying the Duties hereby imposed, ana for preventing, detecting and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually,

54 G*0. III.	3 C	to

7/4

Duties carried to Consolidated Fuad.

59ft 4© O. 3. c. 67, Art 6.

40 a 3. (I.)

C.3*.

C. r^8j 149.	54'	GEO.HI.	A.D.	i8ri4*

to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Pireftions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Aft.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Aft imposed (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty's Exchequer at IVeRminJler, and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called The Confoltdated Ftiud of 'Great Britain.

CAP. CXLIX.

An Aft to regulate, until the End of the next Seffion of Par-* liament, the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ire-Innd reciprocally.	[28th	July	1814.]

WHEREAS by the Afts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it is, among other things, provided, That any « Articles of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of either Country,

‘ which are or may be subject to internal Duty, or to Duty on the ■4 Materials of which they are composed, may be made subject on « their Importation into each Country respectively from the other,

* to such Countervailing Duty as shall appear to be just and reafon-i able in respect of such internal Duty or Duties on the Materials ;

« and that upon the Export of the said Articles from each Country « to the other respectively, a Drawback shall be given equal in * Amount to the Countervailing Duty payable on such Articles on « the Import thereof into the lame Country from the other: And « Whereas by the said Afts, and by other Afts of Parliament now < in force, certain Countervailing Duties are chargeable on Spirits * made or distilled in Great Britain on the Importation thereof into < Ireland, and on Spirits made or distilled in Ireland on the Im porta-< tion thereof into Great Britain, and certain Drawbacks are in cer-< tain cases payable on the Export of such Spirits from either « Country to the other respectively: And Whereas Doubts have « arisen, whether certain of the said Duties and Drawbacks are just • and reasonable, and how far the fame are therefore coniiftent with • the Letter and Spirit of the said Afts for the Union of Great « Britain ard Ireland:9 For Remedy whereof, and to the Intent that such Countervailing Duties shall be imposed, such Drawbacks allowed, and such Provifions made, as shall be judged proper for putting the Trade between Great Britain and Ireland, in respect of Home-made Spirits, upon a just, fair and equitable Footing, according to the true Meaning and Spirit of the said Afts for theUnion of Great Britain and Ireland/ and also, that sufficient time may be afforded for ascertaining just and reasonable Countervailing Doties and Drawbacks, and for making such necessary Provifions as aforesaid, it is expedient that certain Drawbacks upon the Export of such Spirits from each Country to the other respectively should be fuf-

C' ?d for a limited time; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confect of the





A.Dri8i4-	54*	GEO.;III.	C. 149%	,	j$$

after the First Day of OHoler One thousand eight hundred and four- Dra\vfe«cki on teen, the Payment of all Drawbacks, except as hereinafter mentioned* Home-nude for or in respect of the Duty of Excife on such Spirits, on the Ex-portation thereof from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland, or from inland ; and Ireland to any Part of Great Britain respectively, shall be suspended vice versa i'ui-during the Continuance of this A 61.	pended.

4 II. And Whereas by an Ad made in the Fifty fourth Year of c.41. ante.

4 His present Majefty's Reign, intituled An AH to continue until the 4 Firjl Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an AH 4 made in the Forty ninth Tear of His present Majejly's Reign, to fuf 4 pend the Importation of British or Infh-made Spirits into Great Bri-4 tain and Ireland respectively, reciting, that an Ad was made in the 4 Forty ninth Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled An AH 4 to fuf pend the Importation of British or Irifh-made Spirits into Great 4 Britain or Ireland respectively, until the Firjl Day of June One 4 thousand eight hundred and nine ; and that by an Ad made in the 4 last Seflion of Parliament, intituled An AH to continue until the 4 Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thir-4 teeny an AH made in the Forty ninth Tear of His present Majcjlyy 4 to prohibit the Dijlillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United 4 Kingdom s and another AH made in the Forty ninth Tear of Hie 4 prejent Majcjlyy to fuf pend the Importation of British or Irifh •made 4 Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland rcfpcfiively, and to continue 4 the Duties on Worts or Wajh made from Sugar in Great Britain, and 4 the Duties on Spirits made from Sugar in Ireland ; it was, among (I 4 other things, enacted, that all the Powers and Provifions of the said 4 recited Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His Majefty's Reign (ex-4 cept as in the said Ad of the Fifty third Year of His Majefty's 4 Reign is excepted) should be continued until Four Calendar 4 Months after the Expiration of the time which should or might be 4 fixed under the Authority of the said A6t of the Fifty third Year 4 of His Majefty's Reign, for prohibiting the Diftillation of Spirits 4 from Grain in Great Britain ; and also reciting, that it was expe-4 dient that the said recited Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His 4 Majefty's Reign should be further continued, for the Purpofe of 4 affording sufficient time for making effectual Provifions for regulat-4 ing the Intercourfe between Great Britain and Irelandy in relation 4 to Spirits, the Manufadure of eitlier Country 5 it was enacted, that 4 all the Powers and Provifions in the said Ad of tf»e Forty ninth 4 Year of His Majefty's Reign contained (except as in the said recited

*	Ad of the Fifty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign was excepted)

4 should continue and be in force from and after the palling of the

•	(aid Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of Hie Majefty's Reign, until 4 the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen :

4 And Whereas such effectual Provillons for regulating the Inter*

4 course between Great Britain and Ireland in relation to Spirits the 4 Manufacture of either Country, have not yet been made, and it is 4 therefore expedient that the said Ad of the Forty ninth Year of 4 His Majefty's Reign (except as hereinafter mentioned) should be 4 further continued for the Purpofe aforesaid ;* Be it therefore ena£tedr That .all the Powers and Provifions in the said Ad of the 49 °-3- c-8-Forty ninth Year of His Majefty's Reign contained (except as in («***1H as ,n the said recited Ad of the Fifty third Year of His Majefty's	‘c'7*

3 C 2	Reign

is excepted) continued.

Dutr on Britifti and Irifh Spurts imported.

Duties paid by Importers.

Duties on Com-pounds how computed.

Of what Strength Spirits to be of.

Duties under Commissioners oi Exrite, lc&

54° GEO. IIL

A.D.l8l4.

Reign is excepted) shall continue and be in force, until and upon the Firfl Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, [Exb.fee § 38.]

III.	And be it further enacted, That there shall be railed, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, the following Countervailing Duties; that is to fay.

For every Galion, Jr't/h Wine Measure, of Spirits, which shall be made or manufactured in Great Britain, and imported or brought from thence, under or by virtue of this Aft, into Ireland, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Four or Twenty five per Cent. over Hydrometer Proof, an Excife Duty of Six Shillings and a Halfpenny, British Currency ; and so in Proportion for any less Degree of Strength not being less than that of One to Ten, or Ten per Cent. over Hydrometer Proof:

For every Galion, Englijh Wine Measure, of Spirits which shall be made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence, under or by virtue of this Aft, into that Part of Great Britain called England, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excife Duty of Nine Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny, and so in Proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding that of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof:

For every Galion, Englijh Wine Measure, of Spirits which shall be made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence, under or by virtue of this Aft, into Scotland, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excife Duty of Seven Shillings and Eight pence Farthing ; and so in Proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding that oi One to Four over Hydrometer Proof:

And for every Galion, Engljb Wine Measure, of Spirits which shall be made or manufactured m Ireland, and imported or brought from thence under or by virtue of this Aft into Scotland, and from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Exdle Duty of Two Shillings and Two pence Farthing ; which (aid Duties respectively shall be paid by the Importers of such Spirits, before the Landing tnereof.

IV.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That on all sweetened or compounded Spirits imported as aforesaid, into Ireland or Great Britain respectively, the Duties aforesaid, according to the Propor* tions aforesaid respectively, shall be computed upon the highest Degree of Strength at which Spirits can be made.

V.	And be it further enacted. That if any Spirits made in Ireland shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, at a Strength exceeding that of One to Four or Twenty fat per Cent• over Hydrometer Proof; or if any Spirits made in England or Scotland refpec* tively, shall be imported or brought into Ireland, of any grater Degree of Strength than that of One to Four or Twenty five ter Cent. over Hydrometer Proof$ the fame shall be forfeited, together with the Calks or other Packages wherein th^Gune shall be contained, and the lame shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That such of the Duties by this Aft imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England,



757

A.D. 1S14.	540	GEO.	HI.	C.	149.

land, shall be under tlic Management of the Commiflioncrs of Excife in England for the time being 5 such thereof as shall arise in Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commiflioncrs of Excife in Scotland for the time being ; and fueh thereof as shall arise in Ireland, shall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland for the time being.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That on the Exportation of any Spirits made or distilled in England or Scotland respectively from Corn or Grain, under and subject to the Rules and Regulations of this A61, for Exportation to Ireland, or allowed by this A& to be exported to Ireland, and which shall be exported to Ireland during the Continuance of this A 61, there shall be allowed and paid, as and in lieu of the Duty paid on the Malt used and consumed in the making of fucii Spirits refpeSively, the following Drawbacks; that is to lay,

Upon every Gallon of such Spirits made or distilled in that Part of Great Britain caliedf England, and so exported, a Drawback 6f Eight pence, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and so in Proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding that of One to Four or Twenty five per Cent. over Hydrometer Proof;

And upon every Gallon of such Spirits made or distilled in Scotland, and so exported, a Drawback of Seven pence, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and so in Proportion for any greater Degree of Strength, not exceeding that of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof:

And which Drawbacks respectively shall be, and are hereby required to be paid and satisfied on such Exportation ; subject to all the Rules and Regulations in force in Great Britain respecting Drawbacks, so far as the fame can or may be applied thereto.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That on the Exportation of any Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, which shall have been or shall be warehoused in manner required by Law, and which shall be exported to Great Britain dur-ing the Continuance of this A61, there shall Ifc allowed and paid a Drawback of Six pence Halfpenny British Currency upon evenr Gallon of such Spirits, as and in lieu of the Duty paid on the Malt used and consumed in the making of such Spirits; and which Drawback shall be, and is hereby required to be paid and satisfied on such Export, fubjc6l to all Rules and Regulations in force in Ireland re-fpe&ing Drawbacks.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Confignee or Confignees of any Spirits made or manufa&ured in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Irelandt or made or manufa&ured in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, within Thirty Days next after the Arrival of the Ship or Veffel wherein any such Spirits shall be so imported, within the Port in that Part of the United Kingdom into which such Spirits shall be imported, shall make due Entry with the Colledtor of Excife of the said Port in Great Britain, and with the Collector of the Cufloms of the said Port in Ireland, of all such Spirits on board such Ship or Vrflel, belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Confignee or Confignees, and shall then Or before Satisfy and

3 C 3	pay

Drawbacks on Britith Spirits exported to Ireland, on account of Duties (V) Malt.

Drawbacks paid on Exportation

Drawback on Irifh Spirits exported to G.

Entry made of Spirits imported from either Country, and Import Duty paid, and Spirits iaodc! in 30 -Day*.

75»

Penalty. Commissioners to caui'e Spirits to be publicly fold for Duty, and Overplus paid to Qtbccr.

In what case CommifTioners may reward Otficeis.

Number of Calks, and parti- • rular Number, &c. of each, in-ferted in Import luitriei. .

Fena’ry.

British Spirits nbt sent to Ireland, or Irifii Spirits to G. B. in VefTelslcfs than 70 Tons, or in Calks con taining let's than ICO Gallons.

Spirits imported Irons G. B. to Ireland, and vice versa, accompanied by Permit.

Penalty.

Spirits not liable to Seizure for

'• 149*	S4° GEO. HE.	A.D.	1814*

tav the Import Duties of Excife by this A& imposed for or in retpeft of such Spirits, and land the fame; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Confignee or Confignees, shall ncglecl or refuse to make such Entry, or to pay such Duties, or to land such Spirits within such Thirty Days, all such Spirits shall be forfeited, together with the Cafks and Packages containing the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and the Commissioners of Excife in England, Scotland or Ireland, as the case may require, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall cause all such Spirits to be publicly fold to the bed Bidder, at such Places as they respectively shall think proper, for and towards fatisfy-ing the Import Duties by this A& imposed for or in respect of such Spirits, and the Overplus (if any) shall be applied to and for the Benefit of the Officer or Officers of Excife who shall seize the fame ; and in case the Money ariiing from such Sale of such Spirits shall not be sufficient to satisfy, or shall barely fatisfv the said Import Duties, then and in such case the Officers of Excife who shall seize such Spirits, shall be rewarded in such manner as the said refpefrive Commissioners of Excife shall think proper, such Reward not ex ceeding One Shilling per Galion, and to be in lieu of all other Allowances.

X.	And be it further enabled, That in all Entries so to be made of any Spirits made or manufactured in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, or made or manufactured in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, the Number of Ca(ks and other Packages containing such Spirits, with the particular Numbers and Marks of each of them on board' of each refpeCtive Ship or Veffel in which the fame shall be so imported, shall be inserted, on Pain for every NegleCt or Refufal thereof to forfeit all such Spirits with the Ca(k or other Package wherein the fame shall be contained, and the fame shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

XI.	And be it further enuCted, That no Spirits made in Great Britain shall be imported or brought into Ireland; nor shall any Spirits made in Ireland, be imported or brought from thence into Great Britain, in any Ship, Veffel or Boat of any less Burthen than Seventy Tons, or in any Cafk or Package which shall not contain One hundred Gallons of such Spirits at the lead, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such Spirits as shall be so removed or carried, or imported or brought, contraiy to any or either of the Prohibitions aforeiaid, together with the Cafks or Packages containing such Spirits; and the Ship, Veffel or Boat, Horfes, Cattle and Carriages employed in such Importation, Removal or Carriage thereof, and such Spirits, Calks, Packages, Ship, Veffel, Boat, Horfes, Cattle and Carriages shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That when any Spirits made or manufactured in Great Britain shall be exported from thence to Inland, or when any Spirits made or manufactured in Ireland shall be exported from thence to Great Britain, the fame shall be accompanied with a Permit from the proper Officer of Excife ; or in Default thereof, such Spirits, with the Ca(ks and Packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seised by any Officer or Officers of Excife: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Spirits shall be liable to Seizure for or on account of any (mall

Dif-

Goode

A.D. 1814.

54® GEO. III.

C. 149.

75?

Difference or Deficiency m the Guage of such Spirits at the time of deficiency m their Arrival in Port, when the fame shall be proved to have been	^	'^cu'

occafioned by Accident and without Fraud-

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Commifiioners of Ex- Couiitw-pans^f * cife in England and Scotland respectively shall, within the Space of Permits for ea-One Month after the time of granting any Permit for the Removal of

any such Britijh-made Spirits from any Port or Place in England or ireiandt*or'vice

Scotland respectively, to any Port or Place in Ireland, transmit the vcrUunmmit-

Counterpart of such Permit, or cause the fame to be transmitted to teibyCommif-

the Commifiioners of Excife in Ireland; and the Commifiioners of Ex- f,oncrs °* £xci,e

cife in Ireland shall, within the like Space of time after the time of

granting any Permit for the Removal of any such Iri/b-made Spirits ers of F.xi'iie ia

from any Port or Place in Ireland to any Port or Place in Great Bri- other.

laint transmit a Counterpart of such Permit, or cause the fame to be

tranfmitted to the Commifiioners of Excife in England or Scotland,

as the case may require, in order that the said Commifiioners in Eng-

landt Scotland or Ireland, as the case may require, may and they re-

fpeftively are hereby directed and required to cause some proper

Officer or Officers to examine and check therewith the Permit by

which such Spirits shall have been removed as aforesaid; and also in

order that a further Check may be had upon the Removal of fuch

Spirits, a Duplicate of the Clearance of the Ship or VcfTel in or on Duplicate of

board which such Spirits shall be exported, shall be forthwith tranf- Clcarance*

mitted to the proper Officer or Omcers of the Cuftoms at die Port

in Ireland or Great Britain, as the case may require, where such Spirits

are intended to be landed ; and such Officer or Officers is and arc

hereby authorized and required to compare the fame with the Spirits

on their Arrival.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or Pro- Irifli Spirits^

prietors, Importer or Importers, Confignee or Confignees of any warehcniiedj^^ Spirits made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported from thence	*	**

into Great Britain, under or by virtue of this Aft, shall immediately

on the landing thereof carry and convey the fame, or cause the fame to be carried or conveyed to and put into such Warcboufe or Ware-lioufes for that Purpofe provided (at the Charge of such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, or Confignee or Confignees),	*

as shall be approved of by the Commifiioners of Excife, or any Three or more of them in England or Scotland refpeftivcly, as the case may require ; and such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers,

Confignee or Confignees, shall, before he, she or they shall remove or be entitled to any Permit for the Removal of any such Spirits from or out of such Warehouse, give to the proper Officer of Excife Notice in Writing to attend at such Warehoufe or Warehoufe* between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, for the Purpofe of feeing such Spirits reduced as hereinafter mentioned ; and Reduce* such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Confignee or Confignees, shall immediately on such Officer’s Attendance, or within Half an Hour then next following, reduce in the Prefence of such Officer all such Spirits intended to be removed to the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof 5 and if such Proprietor ot Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Confignee or Confignees, shall jiegleft or refuse to give such Notice, or to reduce fuen Spirits in manner aforesaid, all such Spirits shall be forfeited, together with the Calks containing the fame: Provided always nevertneless, that

3 C 4	no



Notice.

7<?»

tn what' case Permits allowed Re&ifiers,

Wnrehoufed Spirits only to expoited.

Pei^lty.

.1

Strength ot Spirits afcertiin-ed before warehoused in Ireland.

c. 149.	540 GEO, in.	A.D.	1814.

no less Quantity than One Calk, containing One hundred Gallons of such Spirits at the lead, shall be reduced at any one time.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That there shall be allowed to the Re&ifiers and Compounders of Spirits in that ^ Part of Great Britain called England, Permits for the fending out any Number of Galions, not exceeding the Rate or Proportion of One hundred and fifty Gallons of Brittjk' Brandy, rectified Britifb Spirits or Compounds, for every One* hundred Gallons of such Irijh Spirits which they respectively shall have received, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof.

XVI.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and during the Continuance of this Ad, it shall not be lawful for any Per-fon to export, or enter or ship for Exportation, from any Port or Place in Ireland to any Part of Great Britainy any Spirits made or diddled in Ireland, except such Spirits as shall have been or shall be Fecured in Warehoufes in Ireland, without Payment of the Duty of Excife payable in Ireland thereon, according to the several Ads in force in Ireland at the time of the palling of this Ad, for regulating the making, diddling and warehoufing of such Spirits in Ireland; and that all such Spirits shall be entered and shipped for Exportation from Ireland\ directly from and out of such Warehoufes only ; and in case any Spirits shall be exported Or entered or shipped for Exportation from any Port or Place in Ireland, to or for any Part of Great Britain, other than such Spirits as are hereby permitted to be so exported, or in any other manner than is hereby directed, such Spirits so unlawfully exported, or entered or shipped for Exportation, together with the Calks and Packages containing the fame, and also the Ships, Boats or VefTcls, on board which the fame shall be laden or exported, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Cuftom9 or Excife ; any A& or Acts, Ufage or Cuftom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the (aid First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fourteen and during the Continuance of this A£t, no Spirits made or diddled im Ireland, shall be permitted or allowed to be received into any such Warehoufe or Warehouses, unless on the Delivery thereof for the Removal to such Warehoufe or Warehouses, the Quantity and Strength of each and every Ca(k or other Package thereof, and the full Capacity or Content of each such Ca(k or other Package shall have been taken and afeertained by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife by the Hydrometer called Clarke's Hydrometer, at the Diftdlery where the fame shall have been made and diddled; dot unless such Quantity, Strength, Size and full Content or Capacity, together with the Marks and Numbers, or Mark and Number of each such Ca(k or other Package, shall be Specified in, or indorsed .on the Permit, to authorize the Removal of such Spirits from the said Diftillery to such Warehoufe as aforesaid; and if on the Arrival or Receipt of any such Spirits at such Warehouse, any Deficiency (had be difeovered or found by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, in the Strength or Quantity of any such Spirits, below the Strength or Quantity of such Spirits specified in or indorsed on any such Permit, then and in every such calie, such Spirits, together with the Ca(k or other Package containing the frune, ffiaD be forfeited,

11	and

Penalty.

Li ooQie

•j6i

A.D. 1814.	540	GEO.	III.

C. 149.

*nd the fame rtfpcftively shall and may be feizod by any Officer or Officer! of Excife in Ireland\

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the faid	.of

First Day of Qftolcr One thousand eight hundred and fourteen and be^edllivtr^l during the Continuance of this Aft, no such Spirits made or distilled wt forExp!irt. in Ireland, shall be delivered from or out ot any such Warehoufe ition. for Exportation to any Part of Great Britain, unless the Strength thereof shall on such Delivery have been taken and afeertained by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, by the said Hydrometer commonly called Clarhc's Hydrometer; and such Officer or Officers shall give and grant to the Exporter thereof a Certificate m Writing, in which such Officer or Officers shall certify the Strength of the Spirits contained in each and every Calk or Package, together with the Size or full Content or Capacity of such Cafk or Package, and the Marks and Numbers, or Mark orf Number thereof, and the \Su. Quantity of such Spirits contained therein ; and such Certificate shall accompany such Spirits to the Port or Place in Great Britain to which such Spirits shall be consigned or sent: And if on the Arrival or Landing or any such Spirits at such Port or Place in Great Britain, any Deficiency shall be difeovered or found by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife in the Strength or Quantity of such Spirits, below the Strength or Quantity thereof specified in such Certificate ; or if any Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, shall be imported or brought into any Port or Place in Great Britain, without being accompanied by such Certificate as aforesaid, then and in every such case, such Spirits, together with the Calk or other Package containing the fame shall be forfeited, and the fame respectively Penaky*

-fhall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife in England or Scotland respectively: Provided always never- provi&-theless, that no Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, nor any Ca{k or Package containing any such Spirits, shall be forfeited, for or by reason of any Excefs or Deficiency of Strength of such Spirits, not more than Three per Centum above or below the Strengtn of such Spirits specified in any such Permit or Certificate ; anj thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or rerfons Forging, kc. shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or C«itificai*s, forged, any Certificate granted by any Officer or Officers of Excife, as or for a Certificate authorized or required to be granted under or by virtue of this Aft, or any Specification by this Aft authorized or required to be in or indorled on any Permit; or if any Perfon or Perfons shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or any Permit with a false or untrue Specification as aforesaid therein, or indorsed thereon, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or any Permit with a false or untrue Specification therein or indorsed thereon; or if any Perfon or Perfons shall fraudulently alter or erase any such true Certificate, after the fame shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, or any such true Specification in or indorsed on any Permit; or if any Perfon or Perfons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such Certificate so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered or erased, or any Permit having therein or having indorsed thereon any such Specification so counterfeited, forged, wife, untrue, altered qr erased ; every

Perfon





7 te

Penalty-English DiftiHen authorized to distil for Export-arum to Ireland.

oS G. 3. c. 46.

45 0.3- c.100.

Scotch Diftilkr* authorized to distil for Export-*tkon to Ireland.

*30.3. 0.46. V 0.3. c. 1 oa

C. V49.

54° GEO* HI.

A.l).i8i4.

Perfon or Perfons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, federally forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That,'from and after the said Fird Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, all and every Diftiller and Didillers in that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall be desirous of making or diddling Spirits in that Part of the United Kingdom for Exportation from thence to Ireland, shall be at Liberty so to do, under and subject to the fame Rules, Regulations, Redridions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures (fave as is herein in that behalf otherwise particularly provided), as are by Two certain Ads of Parliament, one thereof made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things, for better regulating the Exportation of British made Spirits from England to Scotland and from Scotland to England, and the other thereof made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, among other things, for better regulating the diddling of Spirits in England for Exportation to Scotland and in Scotland for Exportation to England, or by any other A d or Ads of Parliament in Force immediately before the palling of this Ad, provided, fettled or edablished, for or in respect of Didillers making or diddling Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to Scotland; and all and .Angular tne said Rules, Regulations, Redridions and Provifions /except as in that behalf aforefaid), Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, mall be and the fame are hereby respectively extended to, and shall be applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of all and every DidiUer and Didiliers, who, from and after the said Fird Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall make or didd any Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and Angular the said Rules, Regulations, Redridions and Provifions (except as in that behalf aforesaid,) Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures had been at large inserted in the Body of this Alt, and been hereby re-enaded and made applicable to fucii Didillers so making Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England for Exportation from thence to Ireland, and to such Spirits so made or diddled fn that Part of Great Britain called England and exported from thence to Ireland,

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the laid Fird Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, all and every Didiller and Didillers in Scotland, who shall be desirous of making or diddling Spirits in that Part of the United Kingdom for Exportation from thence to Ireland, shall be at Liberty so to do, under and subject to the fame Rules, Regulations, Redn&ions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures (lave as is herein in that behalf otherwise particularly provided), as are in or by the said Ads made in the Twenty eighth and Forty fifth Years aforesaid, or in or by any other Aft or Ads of Parliament in force immediately before the pafling of this Ad provided, fettled or edablilhed, for or in respect of Didillers making or diddling Spirits in Scotland, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England; and all and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Redric-tions and Provifions (except as aforefaid), Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be, and the feme are hereby refpediviely extended

AJD.1814*	54*	GEO.	III.	C.	149.	763

to, and shall be applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in

,refpcd of all and every Diftiller and Diftiliers, who, from and after the said First Day of OQober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall make or distil any Spirits in Scotland for Exportation from thence to Ireland, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Reftric-tions and Provifions (except as in that behalf aforefaid), Fines,

. Penalties and Forfeitures, had been at large inserted in the Body of this Ad, and been hereby re-enacted, and made applicable to such Diftillers so making Spirits in Scotland for Exportation from thence to Ireland, and to such Spirits so made or diitilled in Scotland and exported from thence to Ireland.

* XXII. And Whereas Diftillers in that Part of Great Britain

* called England, may from time to time during the Continuance of

* this Ad, have on Hand at their entered Diftilleries, Stocks of

*	Spirits made Duty-free for Exportation from thence to Scotland,

*	under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and

*	Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, by the said Ads made

*	in the Twenty eighth and Forty fifth Years aforesaid; and also 28 G. 3.

*	Diftillers in Scotland, may from time to time during the Con- 45 G-3* cx00, 4 tinuance of this Ad, have on Hand at their entered Diftilleries

*	in Scotland, Stocks of Spirits made Duty-free for Exportation * * from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England, under

*	and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Provifions

*	of the said Ads; and it is expedient to allow the fame to be

*	exported to Ireland, in manner hereinafter mentioned ;* Be it Exportation of

therefore enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Ad, it shall Stock en* and may be lawful to and for any such Diftiller or Diftillers in	^d*

England or Scotland respectively, to export the Whole or any Part of Scotland to Ire-fuch his, her or their Stock or Stocks of Spirits, directly from his, land.

her or their entered Diftillcry or Diftilleries in England or Scotland respectively to Ireland, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations,

Reftridions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures contained, provided, fettled or eftablilhed in or by this Ad, or any other Law or Laws in force at the Commencement of this Ad, relating to the Exportation of Spirits made in Great Britain, so far at such Rules,

Regulations, Reftridions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, ' can or may be applied to the Exportation of such Stock or Stocks, or any Part thereof to Ireland; and the said Rules, Regulations,

Reftridions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures shall be practised, used, applied and put in Execution for and in respect of the Exportation of such Stock or Stocks of Spirits, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, so to be exported to Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, had , been at large repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this Ad, and thereby expressly applied to the Whole or any Part of such Stock or Stocks of Spirits, and the Exportation thereof to Ireland\

4 XXIII. And Whereas the marketable Strength of Home-

•	made Spirits in Ireland greatly exceeds the Strength at which 4 Diftillers in England or Scotland respectively are by Law allowed 4 to fend out Spirits, and Spirits of that Strength would be too weak

*	to be marketable in Ireland, and procuring Sale thereof in Ireland, 4 It is expedient to allow the Diftillers in England or Scotland re-

• fpedively

Strength of Spirits increased by Re-dift illation.

Compcnfation to Proprietors of Spirits ware-houhfd before Xft July 1814.

In what case further Coro-penfation to Proprietor* of Spirits may be made.

C. 149.	54°	GEO.	IIT.	A.D. 1814.

*	fpedively to increase, in maimer hereinafter mentioned, by Re-

*	distillation, for Exportation to Ireland, the Strength of the Whole 4 or any Part of such their Stocks of Spirits made free of Duty in

*	that Part of Great Britain called England for Exportation to

*	Scotland, or in Scotland for Exportation to England ;9 Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Diftiller or Diftillers in England or Scotland respectively, to increase by Re-diftillation under the Infpedion and Superintendence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife for Exportation to Ireland, under the Rules and Regulations of this Ad, to any Strength not exceeding that of One to Three over Hydrometer Proof, the Whole or any Part of such their Stocks of Spirits so made free of Duty, in that Part of Great Britain called England for Exportation to Scotland, or in Scotland for Exportation to England.

* XXIV. And Whereas the Proprietors of Spirits diddled in 4 Ireland, who may have warehoused any such Spirits at any time

*	previous to the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and

*	fourteen, and who by this Ad are prohibited from so exporting 4 the fame until after the First Day of OBober One thousand eight 4 hundred and fourteen, will thereby incur and sustain confidence 4 Expences and Lodes, by reason of such Spirits remaining in 4 Warehoufe so far beyond the time when the fame might nave 4 been exported if this Ad had not been had or made ; and it 4 is just and expedient that such Proprietors should receive a moderate 4 Compenfation for such Expences and Lodes ;* Be it therefore enacted. That whenever it shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of the Commidioners of Inland Excifc and Taxes in Ireland, by the Certificate of the Storekeeper of such of His Majcfty’s Ware-houfes or Stores in which any Spirits distilled in Ireland have been warehoused (which Certificate such Storekeeper is hereby required to give without Fee or Reward), and by such other Proof, on Oath or Affirmation or other wife, as the said Commidioners may require (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commidioners are hereby empowered to adminifter), that any Quantity of Spirits distilled in Ireland shall have been warehoused m any of His Majefty’s Ware-houfes or Stores pursuant to Law, at any time before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commidioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, and they are hereby authorized and required to order and direct the Colledor of Excife of the Diftrid within which such Spirits shall be warelioused, to pay or allow to the Proprietor of such Spirits, a Sum after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings for every Puncheon containing One hundred and twenty Gallons of such Spirits, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, at such time and in such manner as the said Commidioners shall think fit and proper; and such Colledor shall pay or allow such Sum accordingly, out of any Money in his Hands, or out of any Duties payable .by the Proprietor of such Spirits for any other Spirits, or otherwise, in such manner as the said Commidioners of Inland Excife and Taxes shall order and direct, by virtue of this Ad.

XXV.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the (aid Commidioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon such Certificate and Proof as are hereinbefore mentioned, to order and direct the Colledor of ~	Excife

A.D. 1814.	549G£O.IIL	C.149W	7^5

Excife of the Diftrid within which any* of Hii Majeftj*s Warehouses shall be situate in which any Spirits diddled from Corn in Ireland shall have been Secured at any time before the Day of the paifing of this Ad, and which shall then remain in Such Warehoufe* and which* at any time before the First Day of November next, after the palling of this Adi* shall be taken out of any such Warehouse, either for Home Confumption in Ireland or for Exportation to Great Britain, to pay or allow to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Spirits a further Compensation for the Expences and Lodes sustained by him or them as aforesaid, in confluence of this Ad, to be calculated after the Rates following; that is to fay* in respect of all such Spirits as shall be So taken out of such Ware^ house for Home Confumption, a Sum at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Irijb Currency upon the Price of such Spirits calculated at the Rate of Ten Shillings Irijb Currency per Galion, being the presumed Price of such Spirits including the Duty payable thereon; and in respect of all such Spirits as mall be so taken out of frich Warehouse, for Exportation to Great Britain, a Sum at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Irijb Currency, upon the Price of such Spirits calculated at the Rate of Three Shillings and Six pence Irijb Currency per Galion, being the presumed Price of such Spirits exclusive of the Duty thereon; and such Compenfation shall be paid and allowed to such Proprietor or Proprietors, by such Colledor of the Excife, at such time and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit and proper to be directed; and such Colledtor shall pay and allow such Sum accordingly out of any Money in his Hands, or out of any Duties payable by the Proprietors or Proprietor of any such Spirits, for any other 9pirits or otherwise, in such manner as the (aid Commissioners shall order and direct by virtue of this Ad.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Spuritsware-the said Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland to housed before direct that any such Spirits which shall have been warehoused in any ^ border-of His Majefty’s Warehoufes or Stores in Ireland\ at any time before ea t0 be fold be-the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, fore xft Jan. shall be fold at any time before the First Day of January One ii$i5»»ndnot thousand eight hundred and fisteen, although such Spirits may have P*J Storlge' remained in such Warehoufes or Stores for more than Four Calendar

Months; and that no Storage or Warehoufe Rent shall be payable

upon or in respect of any such Spirits, on account of their remaining	,

in Warehoufe at any time between the said First Day of July One

thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the said Firit Day of

January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, in case such Spirits

shall be taken out of such Warehoufe at any time before the faid

First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen 5 any 5a G. 3. c. 30.

thing in an Ad made in the Fifty iecond Year of His prefent

Majefty** Reign, to provide for regulating the warehoufing of Spirits

in Ireland* or in any other Ad or Ads to the contrary in any wife

notwithstanding.

XXVII.	Aad be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Of what

lawful to and for all and every Diftiller and Di(tillers in England and	Djf-■	.

Scotland respectively, to fend out his, her or their Spirits for Exporta- out	**

tioa to Ireland, under or by virtue of this Ad, at any Degree of F Strength not exceeding that of One to Four ove* Hydrometer Proof.

XXVIII.	And

•]66

Irifh Spirits not to be removed from Scotland by Land Carriage.

Penalty.

Englilh and Scotch Diftillers to make up Spirits to Irifli

Marketable

Strength.

28 G.3. c.46.

Penalty,

Commtffiooers may give Directions for afcer-taming Strength of Spirits either in Receiver or SNK*£afta.

VnbwfolR#.

jnoval of Spirits for Exportation.

€.149.	54®	GEO. HI.	A.D.1814.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, Hurt no Spirits made or manufactured in Ireland and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, shall be removed or carried from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England by Land Carriage, nor shall any such Spirits be imported or brought from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England m any Ship, Veffel -or Boat of less Burthen than Seventy Tons, or in any Calk or Package which shall not contain One hundred Gallons of such Spirits at the least, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such Spirits as shall be so removed or carried, or imported, or brought contrary to the Directions of this Aft, together with the Calks or Packages containing such Spirits, and the Ships, Veffels or Boats, Horfes, Cattle ana Carriages employed in such Importation, Removal or Carriage thereof, and such Spirits, Casks, Packages, Ships, Veffels, Boats, Horfes, Cattle and Carriages, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Diftiller and Diftillers in England and Scotland respectively shall, and he, fbe and they respectively is and are hereby required, in .the Prefence of the Officer or Officers of Excife, under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, to make up to the Strength of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof, instead of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in the said Aft of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, all the Spirits made, difUllcd or rediftilled by Tuch Diftiller or Diftillers in that Day, for Exportation to Ireland, on Pain to forfeit for every fuen Offence the Penalty in that behalf provided and imposed by the said last mentioned Aft, for neglecting or refusing to make up, in the Prefence of the Officer of Excife, the Spirits in the said Aft in that behalf mentioned, to the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, ProvHions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, by the said Aft in that behalf provided. for or in re-fpeft of such Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, shall be applied and put in Execution for and in rtfpeft of the Spirits by this Aft required to be made up to the Strength of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof, as fully and efleftually, to all Intents and Pnrposes, as if all and every tne said Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures had been at large repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft, and thereby applied to such Spirits of the Strength last afoiefaid.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Irdandj from time to time to make and give any such Orders and Direftkms to any Officer or Officers in Charge of any Diftillery in Ireland, for the Purpofe of ascertaining the Strength of any Spirits in such Diftillery, either in the Receiver or in any Store Cafks or other Caiksor Vcfleb in such Diftillery, as to the said Commissioners shall at any time seem fit and necessary, and such Officer or Officers shall obey such Directions, and shall afeertain the Strength of such Spirits accordingly; any thing in any Aft or Afts to tne contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Diftiller or Diftillers in Great Britain, or any other Perfon or Perfon*, shall remove from the Warehouse in which the fame shall have been lodged for Exportation, or shall in any other, manner or by, any other means, before the Warehoufing thereof, defraud or attempt to defraud Hi* Majefty

by

LjOOQle

A D. 1814.	54? GEO, HI. C149.	767

by felling or otherwise difppfing of such Spirits so made or ex-preffed to be made for Exportation, every rerfon or Perfons Co offending shall, for each and every such Offence, federally forfeit the Sum ot Five hundred Pounds, together with the Spirits so fold or Penally, attempted to be fold before the Warehoufing thereof, or removed from the Warehoufe for any Purpofe except that of laying the fame on board Ship for Exportation, and the Boats, Carts, Carriages,

Horfes, Cattle and Packages, made use of in removing or carrying the fame; apd the fame mall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the Commenceneit

said Aft made in the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, or in any other Licence*. Aft or Afts of Parliament contained shall extend or be deemed	C,ICX*

or construed to extend, to reftrift • any DiHiller or Diftillers in Eng* 7*

land or Scotland respectively, to the First Day of O&ober for tne making Entry for distilling Spirits for Exportation to Ireland, or to reftrift to the First Day of OBober the Commencement of any Licence to be granted to any such Diftillcr or Diftillers for distilling Spirits for such Exportation to Ireland.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the Inftead of Dc*r-paffing of this Aft, and during the Continuance thereof, in lieu and backs now pay-mftead of the Drawbacks now payable on Spirits distilled from Corn °" sP,ntf* ia Ireland, and exported from thence to any Place except Great Bri- herein^cn-tain, there shall be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks following ; tionad paid, that is to fay, on all such Spirits which shall have been secured in any

of His Majeftv’s Warehouses, and as shall be exported directly from and out of such Warehouse, the Sum of Six pence Halfpenny British Currency for every Gallon of such Spirits, as in lieu of the Duty on the Malt used in the making and distilling of such Spirits ; and on all such Spirits as shall not be exported from such Warehouse, and as shall have paid all Duties imposed by Law thereon, the Sum of Six Shillings and a Halfpenny British Currency for every Gallon of such Spirits of a Strength not less than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and such Drawbacks shall be paid under such Regulations as are contained with respect to Drawbacks on Spirits in any Aft or Afts in force at the time of the palling of this Aft.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That all the Money arising in Duties paid into Great Britain from the Duties by this Aft imposed shall from time to Exchequer, tic. time (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame x excepted) be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at fVeftminJer, and Three Fourth Parts of the laid Money shall be

carried to and be made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Bri-tain9 and the other One Fourth Part of the said Money shall be kept separate and apart from the other Branches of the Public Revenue 5 and there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all Money arising by the last mentioned One Fourth Part of the Money aforesaid {hail be entered feoarne and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, his Heir.fi and Succeffors, upon any Account whatever ; and the said last mentioned One Fourth Part of the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt, shall from time to time, a9 the fame shall fce into the said Receipt, be issued and applied to such Services at ihall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ in thifiprefent Selfion of Parliament,

\

C^ooQle

768

Penalties in Ireland how recovered.

14* 15 Car. a. (I.) SefT. 4. c. 8.

Appeal.

Penalties in G. B. how recovered.

Powers of 1% Car. a. c.04« amd other Excife Laws extended to Aft.

C. 149.	54® GEO. ItL A.D.	1814.

for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or shall be voted by the Commons for the Service of any fobfequent Year; and the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafuiy now and for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Trca-forer for the time being, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the lame accordingly.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or in Aided by this A 61 and incurred in Ireland\ shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied and applied, in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such Powers and Autho-’ rities as are preferibed, directed and appointed in and by an Ad of Parliament made in Ireland> in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for the settling of the Excife or new Impofl upon His Majessy, his Heirs and Succeffbrs, according to the nook of Rates therein inferted* or by any other Law or Laws relative to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife or Cuftoms in force in Ireland* as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enaded in this Ad, with like* remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, [as in and by the said Ad of Excife or Cuftoms in force in Ireland\ or any Law or Laws relating to His Majcfty’s Revenue of Excife is provided.]

[The Words in Brackets are so on the Roll.	Query ? Whether the

reading should not be as follows : M as in and by the (aid Ad of Excife or any Law or Laws relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife or Cuftoms in force in Ireland is provided.”]

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Ad and incurred in Great Britain* shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such ways means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weflminder, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succef-fors and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform or foe for the fame.

XXXVII.	And be* it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Diredions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures Claufes Matters and Things, which in and by an Ad made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign ofXing Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for taking away the Court of wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, andfor settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof \ or by any other Law or Laws now in force in Great Britain or in Ireland respectively, relating to His Majefty's Revenues of Excife upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors are provided and eftabli(hed for managing, raising, levying, colleding, mitigating of recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other tnan and in such cases for which other Penalties or Provifions are made and provided by this Ad) shall be prac-tifed, used and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, colleding, mitigating, recovering and paying the uud Duties hereby granted* as folly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes,

as

v^ooQle

7*9

A.D. 1814*	540 GEO. IJL	0.149,150*

as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Direftions', Penalties, For-feitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this present A A.

. XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall com- Commencement

mence and take Efsect, as to all such Matters and Things therein con- ^onunuaoc*

tained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby

direfted or provided, from and immediately after the First Day of

October One thousand eight hundred and fourteen ? and shall remain

and continue iu force until the End of the next Seflion of Parliament

and no longer.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, A& altered.&c.' amended or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be made in this present Seiiion of Parliament*

[Srr c. 172. § 2. li.pqft,^

CAP. CL.

An Aft to consolidate and amend the Regulations contained in several Afts oF Parliament, for imposing and levying of Fines upon Parities, Townlands and other Places, in respect of the unlawful Diftillation of Spirits in. Ireland,

[28th July 1814.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, in order to restrain illegal Diftillation in Ireland, that the Provifions contained in * several Afts of Parliament for the imposing of Fines on Parifhes,

* Towiilands, and other Diftrifts and Places, in respect of unlicensed 4 Stills, or Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, being used * or found within any such Pari(h, Townland, Diltrift or Place,

• should be consolidated and amended ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That, from and after the Commencement of this Aft, all and every the Claufes and Provifions relating to the imposing, levying, recovering and distributing of any such Fine, or relating to the imposing of any Penalty upon any Officer of Excife or Cuftoms, or any other Perfon in respect of any Collufion or fraudulent Praftice in fub-jefting any Paristi, Place or Perfon to any such Fine, and to the levying, recovering or distributing of any such Penalty, which are contained in an Aft made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign* intituled An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty 47 G. 3 ScfT. * Jtxib Tear of Hu present Majejly% for the regulating and securing the -c. 17* § 1 *7\ Co lie Sion of the Duties on Spirits dijlilled in Ireland ; and in an Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, inti** 48 G. 3. c.8x. tuled An AS to amend the several Ads for the regulating and fecur- V i4> *5-%ng the Colledion of the Duty on Spirits dijlilled in Ireland; and in an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majedy’s Reign, 49 G. 3* c- 99-in tituled An Ad to amend the several Ads for the regulating and fe- §*— curing the ColkSion of the Duties on Spirits dijlilled in Ireland ; and for regulating the Sale of such Liquors by Retail; and in an Aft made 53 G. 3. c. 148-m the last Seffion of Parliament, intituled An Ad to provide for the c , more effieSually preventing the illicit Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland ; and in au Aft made in the present Seffion of Parliament, intituled jin AQ to suh&ni the several A3s for preventing the illicit Defoliation ^ ^ tme, ia * 54 Geo. III.	3	D	of	p*rt

A.D. 1814-

17*

C. 150.

54* GEO. III.

Exception.

Proceedings for

recovering Fines incurred had under Aft.

Before any Information proceeded on to im-pofe Fines under Art, Notice given by Board of Exfil'e.

On Information to Juftice of Peace, of any unlicensed Still, fic. or any Wa(h,&c. not in PoHe (lion of licensed Di(Idler or Brewer, See. Juftice shall take Security, Sec. and return Information to Affixes where Fart shall be tried.

0/ Spirits in Ireland; shall be and the fame are hereby repealed; except so far as relates to any such Fine or Penalty, which shall have been incurred at any time before the Commencement of this Aft; and except so far as relates to any Proceedings for the impeding, recovering, levying or distributing of any such Fine or Penalty so incurred, or to the Traverfing or Trial of any Information, or to the proving or controverting of any Faft relating to such Fine or Penalty so incurred, which shall or may have been had or commenced under the Provifions of the said recited Afts or any of them, at any time before the Commencement of this Aft, and which may then be depending and not finally determined ; and all further Proceedings for the imposing, levying, recovering, paying or distributing of any such Fine or Penalty so incurred, or for the Traverfing or Trial of any such Information, or for the proving or controverting of any such Faft, shall and may be carried on, proceeded in and determined, in like manner, to all Intents and Purpofes as if any such Information or other Proceedings, so had and commenced under the said recited Afts or any of them, had been had and commenced under this present Aft, and according to the Direftion?, Claufes and Provifions in this present Aft mentioned and contained.

II.	And be it further enacted. That before any Information for asy Offence, for the Purpofe of proceeding to impose any Fine under the Provifions in this Aft contained, shall be received or proceeded upon by or before any Juftice of the Peace in any County, City, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, at any rim? after the Commencement of this Aft, Notice shall be given, under the Hands of the Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, by Publication in the Dublin Gazette, that it has been deemed expedient by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland\ or the Commiilioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, upon the Reprefentation of the said Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, that the Pro-vifions of this Aft should be put in force within such County, City, County of a City or County of a Town respectively, from such time and for such Period as shall be mentioned in such Notice.

III.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the Commencement of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful for ai^jr Juftice of the Peace, and he is hereby required, upon Information upon Oath to him given, that any unlicensed Still, or any Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or any Utenfil for distilling Spirits, has been found or used in any Place within the Juriftfiftion of such Juftice, or that any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, has or have been found in any Place within the Jurifdiftuii of such Juftice (fuch Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wine or Singlings, not being in the Poffeffion of any licensed Distiller, in his ficenfed Diflillery or Stores thereto belonging, or such Wafh or Pot Ak not being in the Poffeffion of any licensed Brewer, in his licensed Brewery or Stores thereto belonging, or not being mixed with Hops in Quantity sufficient to make the fame into Beer, Ale or Potter, or not having Hops infused therein in like Quantity for the Purpofe of the fame being made into Beer, Ale or Potter), to examine into the Truth of such Information; and if he shall find reason to be* lieve that such Still or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utenfil, has been £0 round or ufed# as the

cafe





A.D.1814.

54* GEO. PL	C.	150,	771

Cafe may be, or that such Wafh, Pot Ale, Lew Wines or Singlings, has or have been so found, he shall bind over the Perfon or rerfons giving such Information to appear at the Afiizes (or Pre-fenting Term if in the County or County of the City of Dublin), which shall be next ensuing after such Information shall be laid (provided that there shall be* Ten clear Days between the time when such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or Utenlil for diddling, shall have been so found or used, or such Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, shall have been so found respectively, and the Firli Day or such Affizes or Prefenting Term ; and in case there shall not be Ten such clear Days, then at the Affizes or Prefenting Term next but one after the laying of such Information as aforefaid), to give Evidence, if necessary, in Support of such Information; and such Judice shall sign a Notice of such Information, directed to, and the said Notice shall be served upon any two Inhabitants being Houfeholders, Refidents within the Pariffi, Place, Diltridt or Divilion liable, within any Part of which it shall appear by such Information that the Place is situate where any such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utenlil, shall have been so found or used, or any such Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall have been so , found, Seven .Days at the lead previous to the Commiffion Day of such Affizes or Firli Day of such Prefenting Term, and such Judice shall, at or before such Affizes or Prefeuting Term, deliver to the .

Clerk of The Crown all such Informations so made before him, aud such Clerk of The Crown shall lay the lame before the Court at the said respective Affizes or Prefenting Term : And it shall and may be lawful for any Perfon liable to pay any Grand Jury Cefs within such Pariffi, Place, Diitrid or Divifion respectively, to appear at such Affizes or Prefenting Term, and to offer to controvert the Fad of finding such Still, Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utenfil, or such Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings ; or in case where the Charge in the Information is for udng or intending to use a Still or Worm, or other Utenlil for diddling Spirits, to controvert the Fad that such Still or Worm, or other Utenlil, had been used for any of the Purpofes of Dillillation in such Pariffi, Place, Didrid or Division, or the Fad that any such Stdl or other Utenfil was unlicensed ; or that the Pariffi, Place,

Dillrid or Division, mentioned in any such Information, is the Pariffi,

Place, Diftrid or Divilion within which the Place is situate where such Still, or Part of a Stdl or Appendage to a Stdl, or such Worm or Utenfil, was so found or used, or intended to be used, or wherein any Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, was or were so found 5 or to offer to prove that any such Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utenfil, Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, found within such Pariffi, Place,

Didrid or Division, was or were collufively left or brought there, for the Purpofe of charging such Pariffi, Place, Didrid or Division, with the Penalty by this Ad imposed 5 or that such Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, were found in the Podeffion of » liccnfed Didiller, in his licensed DidiUery or Stores thereto belonging; or that the said Waffi or Pot Ale was or were fouud in the Poflefiion of a licensed Brewer, in his licensed Brewery or Stores thereto be-, longing ; or that the fame was or were mixed with Hops in Quan-

3 D 2	tity

772

Inhabitant not tu serve as Juror.

Informer, Inhabitants, Sec. declared competent Witneffes.

Fines iropofed by Court on Paristies, Sec, where Still,Sec. unlawfully used.

Penalty.

Penalty.

Penalty.

C. 150.	54°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1S14.

tity sufficient to make the fame into Beer, Ale or Porter, or that Hops were infused in the fame in like Quantity, for the Purpofe of the fame being brewed into Beer, Ale or Porter ; and whenever any such Perfon shall so appear, and offer to controvert or to prove the Fads aforesaid, or any of them, it shall be lawful for the Court, at the fame Afiizes or Prefenting Term, except as hereinafter provided, and such Court is hereby required, to try the Fad or Fad* so offered to be controverted or proved in the fame manner as the Traverfe to any Prefentment of a Grand Jury is or ought to be tried; but no Inhabitant of any such Parifh, Place, Didrid or Division, aa the case may be, ihall be capable to fit or serve as a Juror upon auy such Trial.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon any such Trial, and upon all Proceedings, and upon any Enquiry, touching the Matters in any such Information contained, the Perfon having given such Information as aforesaid, and any Colledor of any Grand Jury Cefs, and any Perfon employed by or under such Collector, in the levying or colleding of any such Grand Jury Cefs, in the Barony or County of a Town or City within which the Place shall be situate where any Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for diddling, or any-Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singling3, may have been so found, and any Churchwarden of any Parifh in which such Place shall be situate, or of any Parifh contiguous thereto, shall be a competent Witnefs and WitnefTes; and that in all Trials on Informations which may be traversed under this Ad, no Inhabitant of any Parifh, Place, Dif-trid or Division, shall be deemed an incompetent Witnefs, on account of his being or being supposed to be interested as an Inhabitant in the Event of such Trial.

V.	And be it further enacted, That if no Perfon shall appear at such Arizes or Prefenting Term as aforesaid, to controvert or prove the Fads as aforesaid, or if a Verdid shall be given agreeably to any Information so made to such Judice of the Peace, such Court, at such Afiizes or Prefenting Term, shall fine the Parifh, Place, Diftrid or Division, within which it shall appear that the Offence dated in such Information was committed, in the Sum of Twenty five Pounds British Currency, upon each and every such Information so not traversed or controverted, or on which such Verdid shall be given agreeable to such Information as aforesaid; and in case at any ensuing Afiizes or Prefenting Term the Court shall be required on any of the said accounts to fine any Parifh, Place, Diftrid or Division, which shall have been so fined in the said Sum of Twenty five Pounds on any of the said accounts, at any preceding Afiizei or Prefenting Term, such Court shall fine such Parifh, Place, Diftrid or Division, in such Second Indance, in the Sum of Forty Pounds British Currency, upon each and every such Information so not traversed or controverted, or on which such Verdid shall be given as aforesaid; and in case at any ensuing Afiizes or Prefenting Term the Court shall be required on any of the said accounts to fine any Barifh, Place, Didrid or Division, which shall have been so fined in the Sum of Forty Pounds, on any of the said accounts, at any preceding Afiizes or Prefenting Term, such Court shall in every such Indance fine such Parifh, Place, Didrid or Divifion in the Sum of Sixty Pound? Briti/h Currency, on each and every such Information

L.ooQle

54° GEO. III.

C. 150.

773

so not traversed or controverted, or on which such Verdid shall be given as aforesaid ; and the said Court shall direct the Treasurer of the County, County of the Town or City, to issue his Warrant for levying the said Sums of Forty Pounds or Sixty Pounds respectively, as the case may be, off the Parifh, Place, Diftrid or Divifion refpec-tively in which the Place is or shall be situate, where such Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utenfil, or such Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, was or were found, or was or were used, as the case may be 5 which said Sums of Twenty five Pounds, Forty Pounds or Sixty Pounds ref* pedively, shall be levied by the Colledor of the Grand Jury Cefs in like manner, and with like Powers, Authorities and Remedies in case of Nonpayment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are provided by Law with respect to any Money to be levied under any Preferment of a Grand Jury ; except as hereinafter mentioned.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That it shall and may be Counmay im-lawful for the Court at such Affixes or Prefenting Term at the time pole Fine ehlior of imposing any such Fine as aforesaid, to order and direct that such on ParJth or Fine shall be imposed and levied either on the Parifh at large within Divtfon or** which the Place shall be situate, where the Offence, in respect of umricl. which such Fine shall be imposed, was committed, or upon any Town-land, Quarterland, Bally bow, Manor, Lordfhip or other Place, Diftrid or Divifion whatsoever, within which such Place shall be situate, and on which, under all the circumstances of the case it shall appear expedient to the Court that such Fine should be imposed 5 and such Fine shall be imposed and levied either upon such Parifh at large, or upon such Townland, Quarterland, Manor, Lordfhip or Diftrid accordingly : Provided always, that Notice of the Information for such proviso. Offence shall have been given, according to the Directions of this Ad, to the Inhabitants of the Parifh within which such Townland,

Quarterland, Manor, Lordfhip or other Diftrid or Divifion shall be situate, on which such Fine shall have been imposed as aforesaid.

VIL And be it further enacted, That all Informations for any Trial of lufor-Offence, on account whereof any Parifh, Place, Diftrid or Division, nations for or any House, Place or Perfon within the fame, shall be liable to the Offences, fin-Payment of any Fine or Penalty as aforesaid under this Ad, which shall be delivered to the Clerk of The Crown, according to the journed. Direction* of this Ad, by any Juftice or Jufliccs before whom such Informations shall have been laid and giv^n respectively, shall by such Clerk of The Crown be laid before the Court, on tne First Day of every Affizes or Prefenting Term; and all such Informations, and all IfTues and Traverfes concerning such Informations, and for the recovering of any such Fine or Penalty, or for the proving or controverting any Matter or Thing relating to any such Information, Fine or Penalty, shall be proceeded upon and shall be fully tried and determined by the Court, at some time during the Continuance of such Afsizes, and before the Judges shall depart from the County in which such Affizes shall be holden.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every such Fine of Twefity Diftribution of five Pouud8, Forty Pounds or Sixty Pounds respectively (after de* Fine*, du&ing thereout the Colls of recovering the fame, if such Cofts shall not be paid by the Diredion of the Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland as hereinafter mentioned, but where such Cods shall be so paid, then the whole of such Fine without any Dedu&ion),

3 D 3

(hall

A.D.1814.

Moiety to Informer, if Excite Officer.

If Informer not Excite Officer, then to such Informer, or to J uftices, See.

The other Moiety to Per-foos felting up licensed Stills therein under 1 poo Gallons.

Diftribution of Moiety of Penalties, if not applied to Encouragement of Stills.

C. 150.	540	GEO. III.

shall be applied in manner following; that is to fay, One Moiety thereof (or of so much thereof as shall remain after deducing the Cofts in the case aforefaid), shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to the Officer of Excife who shall have given such Information to such Juflice of the Peace, and who shall have appeared at the Affizes or Sefiions, pursuant to his Recognizance, to prosecute the fame, and shall be applied by him in rewarding himfeif and his Afiiftants, in such manner and according to such Proportions as the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes shall direct: And in case the Perfon giving such Information shall not be an Officer of Excife, then such Moiety shall be paid by such Treasurer, according to the Dire&ions of the Court, either to such Informer, or to such Juftice as aforesaid, to be by him applied in rewarding such Informer, or otherwise promoting the Suppreffion of unlicensed Stills within his Jurifdiction, according to his t)if-cretion $ and the other Moiety of all and every such Fine or tine3 (or of so much thereof respectively as may remain after deducing the Cofts in the case aforefaid), shall be paid by every such Treasurer, on the Certificate hereinafter mentioned, to the Perfon or Perfons who shall fet up and work any licensed Still of less than One thousand Gallons Content, within any Parifii, Townland, Manor or Lordftiip, in which any such Fine shall have been levied: Provided always, that the Claim of every such Perfon shall be determined on and certified by the Justices of the Peace at any Quarter Seflions, Whether held by Adjournment or otherwise within the County, County of a City or Town, wherein such Pari(h, Place, Diftridt or Divifion shall be (ituate; and in case more Perfons than One shall claim such Moiety of any such Fine or Fines, such Court of Quarter Sefiions shall and may prefer the Claim of the Perfon who shall have fet up the Still of the fargeft Content; or shall and may divide such Moiety of such Fine or Fines among all the Claimant* entitled, in Shares to each, in Proportion to the Contents of their respective Stills; or shall and may adjudge the whole of such Moiety of any Fine or Fines to the Perfon who shall have first fet up and worked a licensed Still in any such Parilh, Place, Diftridt or Division, according as such Court shall in their Difcretion think mod conducive to the Encouragement of licensed, and the Difcouragement of clandestine Diftil-iation ; and it shall be lawful for such Court of Quarter Seflions to take such Security, as in the Judgment of such Court shall seem proper, that every Perfon who shall receive any such Fine or Fines, or any Portion thereof, shall continue to work his Still during any such Period, not less than Four Months in the Year, as such Court shall think reasonable, and which such Court shall direct accordingly; and if no such Certificate shall be made by such Justices at any Quarter Sefiions within Six Months after the time when any such Fine or Fines shall have been levied, then and in such case One Fourth Part of such Fine (or of so much thereof as may remain after deducing the Cofts in the case aforefaid) shall be paid by every such Treasurer, for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, into the Hands of the Colledtor of Excife for the Diftridt in which the Parifh, Town-land, Manor or Lord(hip, off which such Fine shall be levied, shall be situate; and the remaining Fourth Part of such Fine (or of so much thereof as may remain after deducing the Cofts in the case aforesaid ) shall be paid by every such Treasurer, if in the County' of Dvlltn*

or

77 S

6t County of the City of Dublin, to the Society for discountenancing Vice and promoting Virtue in the said City, for the Ufe of the said Society ; and if in any other County, or County of a Town or City, to the Treasurer of the Public Infirmary or Hofpital of such County,

Town or City, for the Ufe of the said Infirmary or Hofpital, or for or towards erecting and maintaining one or more Ward or Wards for Idiots or Lunatics, or towards erecting and supporting Difpcnfariea for furniftiing Medicines and giving Medical Aid and Relief to the Poor, in such Places within the County as the Grand Jury shall have presented Money for the Eftablifiiment of Difpenfaries therein, as the Governors of such Infirmary or Hofpital shall think fit.

IX.	And be k further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Commiflk»n#» Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, to direct that

all Cods which shall be incurred in prosecuting any such Information, Coft/aTlu-or so much thereof as the said Commiflioners shall think proper, shall cidcnt*. be paid out of any Revenue under their Management, and to place the fame under the Head of Incidents, without any Warrant in that behalf.

X.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the said Commiffioner* Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, if they shall so think fit, of Exc*ff

to order the Colle&or of Excife of the DHlrift wherein any Fine as °oa^an°et0 j” aforesaid shall be imposed and be directed to be levied, to advance and formers Share pay out of any Public Money in his Hands the Share of any such of Fines.

Fine which is directed to be paid to such Officer by the Provifions of this A&; which Order every Colle6tor of Excife is hereby required to obey, upon the fame being sent or delivered to him, and upon such Officer producing to him a Certificate from the Clerk of The Crown, that such Fine was imposed and directed to be levied, and that such Officer did appear at the Aflizes or Seflions pursuant to his Recognizance to prosecute.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That every such Payment so Collector remade by any Collector of Excife shall be allowed to him in his Ac-	bL	-

counts; and that every Treasurer of a County, County of a Town County*o\»tof or City, wherein any Collector shall have advanced and paid such sUfns itvied for Money as aforesaid, shall, on Demand made by or on behalf of the Fines. Collector who shall have made such Advance, or his Succedors, repay to him, for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffbrs, the full Amount of the Money so advaneed, out of the First Monies he shall receive from the Perfon to whom he shall have issued his Warrant for levying such Fine; and the Receipt of such Collector shall be a sufficient Acquittal to such Treasurer; and every such Payment shall be allowed to such Treasurer in his Accounts accordingly.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Perfon shall give any Information of any Offence which by Law is declared to be a Mifdemeanor, and whereby any Parilh, Place, Diftrift or Division, or any House or Perfon within the fame, shall be and become liable to any Fine, such Informer shall at the fame time make Oath, and declare in such Information, whether or not he knows any of the Perfont concerned in the committing of any such Offence, and if he does know such Perfons, he shall declare their Names in such Informations ; and the Magiilrates before whom such Informations shall -be given, shall forthwith bind over such Informer to prosecute such Penons for a Mifdemeanor according to the Laws in force in Ireland;

3 D 4	and

Informer shall declare if he knows Panics guilty, and be bound over to prosecute for Mifdemeanor.





77/5

C. 150.

54* GEO. HI.

A.D. 1814.

Warrant. Informer not giving Evidence.

Where Offender

conviif-d of Mifdemeanor, Fine mitigated, payable to Informer, and giving up Right, no Fine im-

plied.

and such Magiftrate shall also issue his Warrant to apprehend such Perfons, that they may be dealt with according to .Law 5 and if such Informer shall not give Evidence again il such Perfon when brought to Trial, he shall not be entitled to receive any Part of any such Fine; any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Offender shall have been tried and convicted for any Offence declared to be a Mifdemeanor by any Aft or Afts for the regulating or securing the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits made in Ireland, by the Evidence of any Inhabitant (not being an Officer of Excife) of the Parilh, Place, Diftrift or Diviiion, in which the Place shall be (ituate where such Offence was committed, upon an Information given by such Inhabitant, before any other Information for the laid Offence shall have been given to a Magifirate, the Court before whom any such Conviftion shall be had, at any Affizea or Prefenting Term shall fine such Parilh, Place, Diftrift or Division, on account of such Offence, in One Half only of the Sums respectively hereinbefore mentioned ; that is to fay, in the Sum of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings British Currency, in the first Inftance ; the Sum of Twenty Pounds British Currency, in a second Instance; and the Sum of Thirty Pounds British Currency, in a third or any fubfe-quent Instance, to be recovered and levied in like manner as is herein directed with respect to the other Fines hereinbefore mentioned; and the whole of such mitigated Fine or Sum shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, to the Inhabitant who shall have so given such Information, and by whose Evidence such Conviftion shall have bfeen had 5 and in case such Inhabitant shall (late in such Information, that he is willing to give up all Right in such Fine, if imposed, it shall not be lawful For such Court in such case to fine any such Parilh, Place or District, on account of such Offence, in any Sum of Money whatever ; any thing in this Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

Evidence that XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Facl, that Place, &c. where the Parilh, Place or Diftrift mentioned in any such Information, is foun<M*#	^e	Place,	Diftrift	or Division, within which the	Place is

charged*©	fituate where fuch	Still, or	Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still,

Public Ceft	or fuch	Worm or	Utenfil	for distilling, was so found or	used, or

within a certain wherein	any fuch	Wa(h, Pot Ale or Singlings, was or	were fo

Parilh,sufficient found, shall be controverted in manner hereinbefore mentioned, Evi-Parilh*^1™ dence may be given that the Place where such Still, or any Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or Utenfil was found or used, or such Waftt, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings was or were found, has been cliarged with or paid some Grand Jury Cefs or Parilh Cefs, as Part of the Parilh, Place, Diftrift or Divifion mentioned in such Information; and such Evidence shall be deemed sufficient Proof for the Purpofes of this Aft, that such Place is actually (ituate within such Parilh, Place, Diftrift or Divifion ; and fu$h Parilh, Place, Diftrift or Division, shall be charged with the Penalty under this Aft accordingly.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Juftice of the Peace shall take or receive any Information for any Offence relating to any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or Utenfil for diddling Spirits, or any Waft, Pot Ale, Low .Wines or Singlings, under the Drreftions and Pro-

vifions

Proof of Signing of information, and Notice by J uftice.

(^.ooQle

777

A.D. 1814.	54°	GEO.	Ill*	C.	150.

vifions of this* A&, or shall (ign any Notice of such Information, to be served upon the Inhabitants of any Paristi, Place, Diftrift or Division, pursuant to the Directions of this A&, Proof of the Hand Writing of such Juftice to fiich Information or Notice refpo&ively, by the Oath of any One credible Witnefs, shall be deemed sufficient Evidence that such Information was taken and so signed by fitch Juftice, or that fuel! Notice was so signed by such Juftice respectively as aforesaid.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Manner offerv-for the Perfon or Perfons who ftmll be employed to serve any Notice in3 Notices, upon Two Inhabitants of any Paristi, Place, Diftri£t or Division,

under the Directions of this ACt, to serve the fame by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of each such Inhabitant, with any Perfon or Perfons resident therein above the Age of Sixteen Years ; and if no Perfon shall appear at such House, on whom such Notice can be served, then the Perfon or Perfons who shall be employed to serve the said Notice shall, and he or they is and are hereby required to post such Notice on the Door of such House, and they shall leave the fame there polled 5 and every such Notice so served or ported,

shall be deemed and taken to be a good and sufficient Notice for proceeding under this ACt.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That on the Trial of the If«Trial it ap-Queftion whether the Paristi, Place, DiftriCl or Division, mentioned pears that

111 any such Information, or liable to be fined under this ACt, is the Paril>1» &c. in Pariflii, DiflriCt or Division, within which the Place is situate where 1^°^^** such Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or Offence Utenfil for distilling, was so found or uled, or where any Wa(h, Pot was committed, Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, was or were so found, the Judge of Jury to aicertain Aflize or Court before whom the said Queftion shall be tried, shall Pdr,fo>&c* direct the Jury, that in case they shall be of Opinion that such Place is not situate within the Paristi, Place, DiftriCt or Division, mentioned in such Information, or liable to be fined as aforesaid, they shall proceed to enquire on the Evidence of the Parties and Perfons thea present, and to find and declare in what Paristi, Place, DiftriCl or Division, such Place is actually situate; and such Jury shall enquire and find and declare accordingly, or shall find and declare that they have not learned and do not know in what Paristi, Place, Diftrift or Division, such Place is situate 5 and it shall be lawful for the informer may Informer who prosecuted such Information, to proceed de novo either proceed de novo, again ft the Paristi, Place, DiftriCt or Division, within which the Jury shall find and declare the Place where such Offence was committed to be situate, or against any Paristi, Place, DiftriCt or Division, within which such Informer shall, from the Evidence given at such Trial or otherwise, have reason to believe that the Place where such Offence was committed is situate, and to recover the Penalty for such Offence against any such Paristi, Place, DiftriCt or Division, at the then next enfiling Affizes or Prefenting Term, in such manner, and under such Regulations, in all respects, as are hereinbefore mentioned and contained, with respect to the original Proceeding by such Informer; and upon the Trial of any Information for such Penalty, against any Paristi, Place, DiftriCl or Division, at such subsequent Afsizes, the former VerdiCt or Finding of the Jury, that the Place mentioned in such Information, as the Place where such Offence was committed, wan situate within the Paristi, Place, DiftriCt or Division, so proceeded





A«D« xBi4*

C. i$o.

54° GEO. III.

Informer may apply to J uftice to turrunon Collector, &c. of Grand Jury Cefe to attend at Place, and Ibew Pirilh, &c. in Book of Applot-mcnt, See.

Churchwardens summoned to give Information of Parifh in like manner.

Nonattendance of Collet or.

Penalty

warden,

ceeded against, shall be Evidence that such Place was so situated, unless the fame shall be disproved by other Evidence offered to controvert the fame.

XVIII.	And, for the more easily ascertaining the Parith, Place, Didrift or Divifion liable to any Fine under this Aft, be it enacted. That whenever any Perfon shall find any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or Utenfil for diddling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singling, in manner hereinbefore mentioned, in any Place in Ireland, whereby the Parifh, Place, Didrift or Division, in which the Place shall be situate where the fame shall be used or found, may be subject to the Fine in this Aft mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the Perfon so finding the fame, to apply to the Judice of the Peace before whom Information of ftch Offence shall be given according to the Direftions of this Aft, or to any other Judice of the Peace, for a Summons ; which Summons fuen Judice shall issue accordingly under his Hand, to any Perfon being, or having within Two Years preceding been, or whom such Informer shall have reason to believe is or has been a Collector, or employed by or under any ColLeftor, in the levying and colleftingof the Grand. Jury Cefs in the Barony or County of a Town or City within which such Place shall be situate, commanding and requiring such Colleftor or other Perfon to attend the said Informer to the Place in which such Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or Utenfil, or such Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, was or were found by such Informer, and there to (how, by the Books of Applotment in the Poffefiion of such Colleftor or other Perfon, or otherwise to make known to such Informer, within what Parifh, Townland, Quar-terland, Manor, Lordship, or other Place, Didrift or Divifion whatsoever, the Limits of which shall be known or afeertained, the Place where such Still or other Articles was or were found, was lad charged, or charged at any time within Two Years preceding, with Grand Jury Cefs $ and such Colleftor or other Perfon shall attend and (how or make known the fame accordingly.

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any such Perfon to make a like Application to such Judice for a like Summons to the Churchwardens of any Pari(h in which such Informer shall have reason to believe that the Place is situate in which any such Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any such Worm or Utenfil, or any such Walk, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings may be found by such Perfon, and also for a like Summons to the Churchwardens of any Parifh next contiguous thereto ; and such Judice shall issue such Summons and Notice, and such Churchwardens shall attend accordingly, and shall (how and make known to such Informer in what Parifit the said Place was lad charged to any Vedry or Pari(k Cefs.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That if any such Colleftor dull neglect or refuse to attend in Obedienee to such Summons, or shall withhold such Information as shall be so required of him under this Aft, or shall knowingly give faHe Information touching the Matters aforesaid, such Colleftor or other Perfon shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds$ and if any Churchwarden or other Perfon (o summoned, shall so neglect or refuse to attend, or shall withhold any such Information! or mall knowingly give any faHe Information, fuch

Church-





719

A.D.i8t4>	54’	GEO.	lit	150.'

Churchwarden oir other jPerfon {lull forfeit thfe Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in like manner as any Penalty, under any Ad or Ads in force relating to the Diftillation of the Spirits of Ireland^ or to the Sale of the lame by Retail, may be recovered or applied under or by virtue of such Acts, or any of them.

XXL And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear upon the Trial of any Information, that any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for the distilling of Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, shall have been found or used in any House or Place on the Borders of any Two or more Parifhes, Townlands, Places, Diftrids or Divisions, so that it cannot be afeertained within what Parilh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, such House or Place is wholly or in pan licuate, the Court shall fine each and every Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, on the Border or Borders of any of which such House or Place, or any Part thereof, * shall be lituate, in a Penalty or Fine of Twenty five Pounds British Currency, in every Instance, and for every Offence, and to direct the Treasurer or Treafurers of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which the said Parifhes, Townlands, Places, Diftrids or Diviiions, or any of them, shall be situate, to issue his Warrant for levying the said Fine or tSum of Twenty five Pounds upon each and every such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, to be applotted upon and raised off each such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, in such manner, and according to such Rules and Regulations, as are hereinafter mentioned and contained.

XXII. And, for the better apportioning and Applotmerit of any such Fine imposed on any Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, he it farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two Perfons, each liable to pay Grand Jury Cefs in any Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, on which any Fine or Fines shall have been imposed by virtue of this Ad, to post up, within Ten Days after such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, shall have been so fined, on the Door of the Church or other Place of Worship, or in any other conspicuous Place within such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, a Notice signed by them-selyes, requiring all Perfons liable to pay Grand Jury Cels within such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, to meet on a

Penalty.

When illeqal Still is found on Borders of Two or more Town-land-., F*ne imposed on «1U

Penalty.

How Fine applotted on Parifh, &c.

certain Day, not more distant than Thirty Days, nor nearer than Twenty Days, at fomc convenient Place within such Parifh, Town-land, Place, Diftrid or Division, specified in such Notice, to applot the Sum or Sums in which such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, shall have been fined as aforesaid; and that it shall be lawful for the Perfons who shall meet pursuant to such Notice, each liable to pay Grand Jury Cefs in such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, to applet all such Sums to be levied on the whole, or only on so much or such Parts of such Parifh, Townland,

Place, Diftrid or Division, as they shall judge fit, always comprehending in such Applotment such Part of the Parifh, Townland,

Place, Diftrid or Divifion only, as lies within the County where such Fine or Fines shall have been imposed, and always comprehending every Part thereof, so lying within such County, within One Mile of’the; Place or Places where any Still, Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil, shall have been found or

used,



Collector to levy Fine according to Applotment, if delivered within 40 Days.

If no Applot-ment delivered. Fine levied off whole Parifh, &c.

Where Parifh, &c. borders on *1 wo or more Counties, Pan inckided in County where Fine imposed liable to Fine.

In Market Towns, Fine* laid on DiftiUery and adjoining Houles.

C. 150.	54°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1S14.

used, or any Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wine* or Singling*, shall have been found, in respect whereof such Fine or Fines mall have been so imposed.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That within Forty Days from the Day whereon any such Fine shall have been imposed, such Ap-plotment shall be delivered to the Colle&or, or other Perfon empowered to collect the public Cefs, signed by Five or more of the Perfons applotting the fame, verified by Affidavit fwom by them before a Magistrate, which Affidavit any Magiftrate is hereby empowered to adminider, and which shall be to tne Import following; that is to fay, " That such Applotment has been made at a Meeting held under the Provifions of this A&, and that every Perfon who has signed the fame is, to the bed of their Belief and Judgment, liable to the Payment of Grand Jury Cefs in such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrift or Division, and that such Applotment is fairly and impartially made, to the bed of their Skill and Judgment, upon the whole or such Parts of the said Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, as are comprised within such Applotmentand there' upon every such Collector or other Perfon shall levy the Amount of such Fines, agreeably to such Applotment, upon the Perfons, and in the Amount upon each Perfon respectively named therein, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of every such Perfon refilling or ne-gle&ing to pay; and in case no such Applotment shall be £> made and delivered within Forty Days as aforesaid, such Colle&or or other Perfon shall and may, and he is hereby required, to levy the Penalty or Penalties so imposed as aforesaid, off the whole of such Parifh, Townland, Place, Didri& or Division, or off such Part of such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftri& or Division, as is (ituate within the County, the Treasurer whereof shall have issued the Warrant, in like manner and with like Powers, Authorities and Remedies in case of Nonpayment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are provided by Law in respect to any Money to be levied under any Prefcntment oif a Grand Jury.

XXIV.	And, in order to avoid all Doubts and Difficulties, in cases where any Parifh, Townland, Place, Didri& or Divifiou' shall be situate in Two or more Counties, be it further enacted, That such Part of any Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Divifion as is situate within the County, County of a Town or City, wherein any Fine shall be imposed, shall be deemed and considered as the Parifh, Town-land, Place, Diftrift or Divifion made liable to Fines in respect of any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or other Utenfil for diddling so found or used therein, or in respect of any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings found therein, and proceeded againd under the Provifions of this A&.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases where under this A& the Court at any Affixes or Presenting Term shall fine any Parifh, Townland, Place, Didri& or Division, being situated in part or in the whole within any Market Town or City in Ireland* in any Sum of Money, on account of any unlicensed Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for diddling Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been found or used in any Place in such Parifh, Townland, Place, Didri& or Division, situate within any such Market Town or City, such Court shall direct the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, *dthm

which

v^ooQle

A.D. i8i4-

540GEO,I1J.

C150.	.	781,

which such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftri& or Divifion shall be situate, to issue his Warrant for levying the whole of fiich Fine or Sum of Money off the Diftillery, Houle or Place in which such unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for distilling Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale,

Low Wines or Singlings, were found or used, and off such Houfea and Places as shall be adjoining to such Diftillery, House or Place 5 and such Fine or Sum shall in such case be applotted upon and raised off such Diftillery, House or Place, and such Houfes or Places adjoining, exclusive of any other Part of such Parifh, Townland, Place,

Diftrift or Division, in such manner and according to such Rul?s and Regulations as are hereinafter contained: Provided always, that if Provifo. no such Applotment, or no Sufficient Applotment shall be made on such Diftillery, House or Place, and the Houfes or Places So adjoining, such Fine shall be levied off the whole Parifh, Townland, Place,

DiftriA or Dnrifion, as is by this A€t directed in cases where uo Applotment is made in other Inftances under this A&.

XXVI.	And, in order to re-imburfe the Several Inhabitants or Landholders in any Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftri& or Divifion upon or by whom any Penalty shall have been levied or paid by virtue of any Warrant from any Treasurer as aforesaid, in refpe<ft of any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, so found as aforesaid, be it enacted, That it shall and Fine re-im-may be lawful for any one Inhabitant or Landholder in any Parifh, blir,'ed 10 Inba-Townland, Place, Diftri& or Division, who shall have paid any Such ^nt*by Penalty, or any Part thereof, to proceed by Civil Bill on behalf of cn er* the whole Parifh, Townland, Place, DiitriA or Division, at any time within Three Years from the time when any such Penalty was paid, against the Perfon or Perfons who was or were the Owner or Owners of the unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or other Utenfil, or Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, on account of which any such Penalty was so levied or paid, or against the Perfon or Perfons who made use of the fame, or against the Perfon or Perfons in whose Tenement the fame was seized, for the Recovery of the whole of the Money so paid by the Inhabitants or Landholders of such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrift or Division, oh account of such Penalty; and any such Inhabitant or Landholder who shall first proceed in manner aforesaid for the Recovery of such Money, shall recover the Amount of the Penalty or Money so paid by such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrift or Division, in the fame manner as any Debt or Demand in ordinary cases recoverable by Civil Bill may be recovered and levied, together with full Cofts; and the Money so recovered shall be paid to the Perfon filing for the fame, and shall be by him applied in repayment to and among himself and the other Landholders and Inhabitants of such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, in the Shares and Proportions paid by them respectively on account of such Penalty, in such manner as the Judge of Afsize, Recorder, Chairman or Affiftant Barrifter, before whom such Recovery shall be had, shall order and direct: Provided always, that no Sum of Money shall be recovered Provifo. in manner aforesaid, on behalf of any Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftri& or Division, by more than One Perfon, on account of! one and the fame Penalty so levied on any such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid



3y 

78a	C.	150.	54*	GEO.	IJL

Treafurers to account at Affix e-. for Receipt and Application ©t Fines im-polVd tor illegal bulls.

Exceptions.

Treasurer sued for Share of Fine, subject to Treble Calls.

or Division; and that if more Perfons than One lhaH proceed by Civil Bill, on account of one and the fame Penalty, the Recorder, Chairman or Afliftant Barrifler, or Judge of Aisize, shall dismiss the Bill of every Perfon so proceeding, except that of the Perfon who shall have first proceeded in manner aforesaid on account of Inch Penalty.

XXVII.	And, for securing the more regular and speedy Application, by the Treafurers of the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Towns, in Ireland, of all such Fines imposed at the several Affizes or Presenting Terms, on Pari(hes, Townlands, Places, Diftrifts or Divisions, or on any House, Place or Perfon within the fame, under the Provifions of this Aft, be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Aft, it shall not be lawful for any Court or Judge, at any Affizes or Presenting Term in any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, to fiat any Preferment for the Salary of, or for any Per Centage or Allowance payable to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or Town, unless such Treasurer shall at such Affizes or Prefenting Term produce to such Court or Judge, upon Oath, which Oath such Court or Judge is hereby empowered and required to administer, a full, separate and true Account of the Receipts and Payments by such Treasurer, on account of all such Fines as shall have been imposed on any PanJh, Townland, Place, Diflrift or Division, or on any House, Place or Perfon within the fame, under the Provifions of this Aft, at any preceding Affizes for such County, County of a City or Town (or Prefenting Term, if for the County of Dublin), and as shall not have been previously paid and accounted for by such Treasurer, nor unkfs it shall appear by such Account, that no Part of the Monies received by him on account of such Fines remains in his Hands unapplied; except in cases where the fame has not been demanded of him, or at his Office, by the Perfons entitled to receive the fame; all which cases shall be verified by the said Treasurer on Oath ; and except in cases where it shall appear that an Information has been lodged against the Seizing Officer for fraudulent Praftices, in any which case it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer to withhold the laid Sum or Sums so claimed by the said Officer, until such Information shall be tried or otherwise disposed of; and in case the said Seizing Officer shall be convicted thereon, such Treasurer shall pay over every such Sum and Sums to the Churchwardens of such Paristi, or to some one Inhabitant of such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrift or Division, to be distributed to and among the Landholders and Inhabitants of such Parifli, Townland, Place, Diftrift or Division, in the Shares and Proportions paid by them respectively on account of such Fines.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Aftion or Suit shall at any time be brought or commenced against any Treasurer of any County, County of a City or County of a Town in IreUmd, by any Officer of Excife, or by any other Perfon or Perfoos* or by or on behalf of the Governors of the Public Infirmary or Hofpital of lay County, Town or City, or by or on behalf of the Society for dif-countenancing Vice and promoting Virtue, or by or on behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflors, for any Share or Proportion of any such Fines imposed under the Direftion of this Aft* which such Officer or Perfon, or Governors of such County Infirmary or Hofpital, or Society, or which His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflors*

may

c^ooQle

AD.i8i4»

7?3

54° GEO. HI.	C150.

may by Law be entitled to receive or recover, or for any Cofts which ought by Law to be paid by such Treasurer out of any Money in his Hands arising from any such Fine ; and if the Plaintiff in such Adion shall obtain a Verdid or Judgment against such Treasurer, such Plaintiff shall be entitled to his or their Treble Cofts, to he awarded against such Treasurer, and to be recovered in such manner as Cofts may bv Law be recovered against any Defendant.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, it shall not be lawful for any Court or Judge, at any Aflizes (or at any Prefenting Term, if in the City of Dublin), to discharge any Ouere on any Prefentment for any Poundage or Wages of any Collector, or High Constable acting as a Collector, for any Barony, Half Barony, or County of a City, or County of a Town ; or to allow in the Accounts of the Treasurer of any County, County of a City or Town, any Sum of Money on account of any Poundage or Wages of any such Colledor or High Constable ; nor shall any such Colledor or High Constable, in his Accounts with the Treasurer of the Sums levied by him, detain, keep or claim Credit to his own Ufe, for any Sum, by way of Poundage or Wages, for any Money which he shall have collected since the preceding Aflizes or Prefenting Term, unless such Treasurer shall certify to the Court, under his Hand, that such Colledor or High Constable h?-s, before the Commiflion Day of such Aflizes (or the First Day of such Prefenting Term) collected, and that such Collector has at some time during such Aflizes or Prefenting Term paid to such Treasurer the full Amount of all such Fines imposed on any Parifh, Townland, Manor or Lordfhip under this Ad, as such Colledor shall have been authorized or required to collect by any Warrant of any such Treasurer, which shall have been issued at any time after the Aflizes or Prefenting Term then next preceding : Provided always, that every such Colledor or High Constable, who shall have duly collected and paid the full Amount of all such Fines as aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive, and be allowed such and the like Poundage on the Colledion of such Fiuet, as such Colledor or High Constable is by Law entitled to receive or be allowed, for the Colledion of any Money levied under any Prefentment of any Grand Juiy.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, it shall not be lawful for any Court or Judge at any Aflizes or Prefenting Term, to order the Difeharge of any accounting Affidavit, or to fiat or otherwise authorise the Payment or Application of any Sum of Money upon or in pursuance of any such Affidavit, for the making or repairing of any Road, or for the building or repairing of any Bridge (other than and except only a Mail Coach Road, and any Bridge or Bridges thereon), or for the building or repairing of any Sefiions House or other Public Building, or for the performing or carrying on any Public Building or other Public Work whatsoever (other than and except only Gaofc and Hofpitals or Infirmaries), in any Barony or Half Barony, or in any City or Town within wnich any Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Divifion shall be fituale, on which any Fine or Fines shall have been imposed under this Ad, at any previous Aflizes or Prefenting Term, unless and until it shall be made appear to the Satisfadion of such Court or Judge, on such Evidence on Oath or otherwise as such Court or Judge shall think fit to require, that all and ever*

Colleftors not to receive Poundage or Wages, unless they have collected all Fines.

Colleilor may receive Poundage on Fines duly levied.

Morey not to be applied to public Purpofes in any Berony (except Mail Coach Roids, Sec.) until all Fines under At\ levied.

v^ooQle

Whenever Sura railed in any Parifh, kc. is equal to Sums leviable for Fines therein, to be applied in Payment ofluch Fines, and then the other Sums applied to public Purpofcs of Baiony.

Placing unli-Cenfed Still, or guilty of any fraudulent Practice, whereby TowuLuids, kc. become liable to Fine*.

Penalty.

JhroviTo.

C. 150.	54eGE<XIII.	A.D.1814.

such Fines or Fine have been duly and fully levied upon and off such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Divifion respectively; any Ad or Ads to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding : Provided always, that whenever it shall be made appear to such Court or Judge, that the whole of the Sums which shall have been levied on any such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, by virtue or in pursuance of any Prefentment of any Grand Jury, for any Roads, Bridges or other Public Works whatever, within such Parifh, Townland or other Division, shall be equal to or greater than the Sums which ought by Law to have been levied on or off such Parifh, Townland, Diftrid or Division, on account of such Fine or Fines imposed under this Ad, as shall not have been duly and fully levied therein, it shall be lawful for the said Court or Judge to order and direct that the Amount of all Sums so levied on such Parifh, Townland, Diftrid or Division, or so much thereof as shall be re-quisite, shall be applied in Payment and Satisfadion of all or any such Fines or Fine, and that the fame shall be paid, applied and distributed accordingly ; and the fame shall be paid, applied and distributed accordingly, by the Treasurer of the County, City or Town, within which such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, shall be situate; and the Remainder (if any) of the Sums levied under or in pursuance of such PrefentmenU, shall be applicable to the Purpofes of such Preferments; and then and in such case, but not otherwise, it shall be lawful for such Court or Judge to discharge such accounting Affidavits as aforesaid, and to fiat or authorize the Payment and Application of the several Sums of Money upon or in purluance of such Affidavits, as such Court or Judge might have done, if this Ad had not been had or made-

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon whatever (other than a Revenue Officer) shall leave in or bring into or place in any House or Place whatever, any unlicensed Still, or any Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for distilling Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, or shall be guilty of any other Colloffon or fraudulent Pradice whatever, whereby any Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, or any House or Houses, or any Perfon or Perfons in filch Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, shall or may be or become liable to the Payment of any Fine or Penalty whatever under this Ad, every Perfon so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be paid to the Perfon suing for the fame 5 and in case such Perfon shall be an Inhabitant of such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, the Money so recovered shall be by him applied in repayment to and among himself and the other Landholders and Inhabitants of such Parifh, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, in the Shares and Proportions paid by them respectively on account of such Fine, in such manner as the Judge or Court, before whom such Penalty shall be recovered, shall order and direct : Provided always, that no such Penalty shall be recovered by more than One Perfon, on account of one and the fame Offence; and that if more Perfons than one shall proceed for such Penalty, the fame shall be recovered by the Perfon who shall have first proceeded for the fame, in manner hereinafter mentioned and directed.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon who is or shall be an Officer appointed by or acting under' the Coxpnufffonm

or

Officer for Col-lufion to tine Town lands.

C^ooQle

A.l). 1814.	54" GEO.	III.

C. 150.

78$

of Inland Excite and Taxes, or the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland^ shall be guilty of any Coilufion or fraudulent Pradice whatever, whereby any Pariffi, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, or any House or Perfon, within such Pariffi, Townland,

Place, Diftrid or Division, shall become liable to the Payment of any such Fine under this Ad, every such Perfon so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be paid and applied in such manner as is hereinbefore directed by this Ad with respect to the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds again (I any Perfon, other than a Penalty. Revenue Officer committing a like Offence ; and such Officer so found guilty, shall be and he is hereby rendered and declared to be for ever incapable of holding any Office or Employment whatsoever.

Civil or Military, under His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, or under any Authority derived from His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors.

XXXIII.	And, for the Recovery of the said respective Penalties Penalties ho.v of Five hundred Pounds, be it enacted, That it shall and may be recovered, lawful for any Perfon liable to pay any Grand Jury Cefs in the

Pariffi, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Division, upon which, or upon any House or Perfon within which any Fine or Penalty is to be im-pofed in consequence of any such Coilufion or fraudulent Pradice, to appear at the Affizes or Prefenting Term, at which any such Fine or Penalty is to be imposed on such Pariffi, Townland, Place,

Diftrid or Division, or on any House or Perfon within the fame, or at any subsequent Afsizes, and there to prove the Fad of such Coilufion or fraudulent Pradice; and the Court, at such Affizes or Prefenting Term, shall try, and such Court is hereby required to try the Fad or Fads so offered to be proved, in the fame manner as the Traverfe to any Prefentment of a Grand Jury is or ought to be tried ; and if the Fad of such Coilufion or fraudulent Pradice shall be proved, such Court shall give Judgment for the Recovery of the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds against the Officer or Perfon so found guilty of such Coilufion or fraudulent Pradice, and shall sentence the Officer or Perfon so guilty to the Payment of the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds to the Perfon so proceeding for the Recovery of the fame; and it shall be lawful for the said Court to order and direct that the Officer or Perfon so found guilty, shall [mprifonm«n% be forthwith committed to the Common Gaol or Houle of Correction of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, and there be imprisoned for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, unless such Fine or Penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the insuring againrt Commencement of this Ad, if any Perfon whatsoever shall insure, or Fines on take or agree to take, or receive any Sum of Money, or Security PariQies,&c. for Money, or Depofit for the Infurance of, or be in any way concerned in any Partnerffiip, Fellowffiip Club, Office or Society

for the Infurance or Indemnity of any Pariffi, Townland, Place,

Diftrid or Division, or of any Perfon or Perfons, against or from

the paying of any Money for or towards the discharging of any

Fine which may be imposed on any Pariffi, Townland, Place, Diftrid

or Division, or on any of the Inhabitants thereof, under this Ad ;

or if any Perfon or Perfons shall pay or give, or cause to be paid	'

or given to any other Perfon or Perfons, any Money, or any Security,

Obligation or Undertaking to pay any Money, or shall make any 54 Geo. III. b 3E 7	Depofit

7 o6

Mil'demeanor.

Imprifonment.

Parishes in Vcllry may appoint Inlpertors to prosecute for Offences in illegal Diihllation, &c.

Oath of Ift-fpe&or*.

Parities may rail'c aoL a Year for In-fpedors, &c.

Commencement

Ad.

C.150.	54"	GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

Depofit with such Perfon or Perfons, as an Indemnity or Security again ft, or to be applied in the Payment and Satisfadion of any such Fine, or in any way to indemnify such Parifli, Townland, Place, Diftrid or Diviiion, or the Inhabitants thereof, or any of them, again ft the Payment of any such Fine or any Part thereof, then and in every such case every Perfon concerned or engaged in any such Infurance or qther Tranfadion aforesaid, as well the Perfon who shall so insure, or who shall pay any Deposit, as the Perfon who shall accept, take or receive any such Sum of Money or Deposit, or any such Security, Obligation, Undertaking or Indemnity as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a J Mifdeinennor ; and it shall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace* residing near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, on Information on Oath of any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehenfion of such Perfon, and on Examination into the Complaint, to commit such Perfon to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by due Courfe of Law; and in case any Indidment shall be found against such Perfon, such Perfon shall plead thereto, without having time to traverse the fame 5 and it shall be lawful for the Court by and before whom such Perfon shall be tried and convicted, to inflict such Punifhment on any such Perfon as may by Law be iu-flicEted on Perfons guilty of Mifdemeanors.

XXXV.	And Whereas it may tend to the Suppreflion of illicit Diftillation, if Parifties were allowed to appoint certain Perfons for the Purpofe of difeovering and preventing such Practices ; Be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, h shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens of any Parifh, at the Defire of any Two Inhabitants of such Paristi, to convene a Veftry for the Purpofe of electing one or more Perfon or Perfons, for the Purpofe of difeovering and prosecuting all Offences against any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, for the regulating and Teeming the Collodion of the Duty on Spirits in Ireland, of which Ten Days Notice shall be given.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That all Perfons so chosen, and who shall consent to ad, shall take the following Oath before any one Magiftrate or Juftice of Peace ; which Oath such Magiffrate or Juftice ot Peace is hereby empowered to administer:

‘ T	do	swear,That so long as I shall hold the Office to which

*	I have been elected, for the rarifh of

*	I will use my utmost Endeavours to prevent and suppress all illicit 4 Diftillation of Spirits within the said Parifh, and to prosecute and 4 convict any Perfon or Perfons concerned in such Pradices.

So help me God.9

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Pariftiioners of such Parifh in Veftry so assembled, to assess such Parifh to the Amount of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds in any one Year, to be applied in the indemnifying of focn Infpedors for their Trouble and Expence ; and also for the Purpofe of carrying into Execution this present Ad, and all other Adi for the Prevention and Suppreflion of illicit Diftillation in Ireland.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That this Ad shall com* mence and be in force and take effect from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September next ensuing the passing thereof, and not sooner.

CAP.

10



C.151.

7$7

540 GEO. III.

CAP. CLI.

An A& to repeal an Aft patted in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office; and to make further Provifions for the Regulation of the Office of Agent General.

[28th July 1814.]

c TT 7 HERE AS the Aft now in force for regulating the Office

*	VV of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia re-

*	quires Amendment; and it is expedient that some of the Provifions

*	contained in the said Aft should be repealed, and others of them 4 continued and amended, and that new Provifions should be made;

*	and it is necessary for the Purpofes aforesaid that the said Aft

*	fliould be repealedBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from

and after the palling of this Aft, an Aft patted in the Fifty second 5* G 3- c. 15a.

Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to repeal an Aft faffed rePeahd.

in the Forty ninth Tear of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft for

better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local

Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office, ftiall be

and the fame is hereby repealed.

•II. And be it further enacted, That the said Agent General shall Agent General be, and is hereby authorized and empowered to apply for Money for to apply for tiie Militia when disembodied, the Local Militia and Volunteers, or Money for any other Service or Services to which he may have been or shall Militia, &c. be authorized by the Secretary at War to aft as Agent General, in the fame manner as the Monies required for filch Services have hither to been applied for through the Secretary at War, and the Pay-mafter General of His Majefty’s Land Forces.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Secretary at War for Secretary at the time being shall approve of and authorize the Iflues of such Sums rizeVfaes b °" for the said Services as he may deem proper, by Warrants addressed Warrants ad-to the Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Land Foroes, in which drcifed to Pay-Warrants the Secretary at War shall specify for what particular mailer General, Service or Services the said Money is wanted ; and the said Pay- w^° master General shall in all Memorials to be by him presented to the 10 re*mr>'-Treafury for Money for such Services, pray that such Sum as is required may be iffiied to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on his Account, specifying in every such Memorial the Sum required, and for what particular Service or Services; and the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, by their Letter from time to time shall direct Accounts the Auditor of the Exchequer to issue to the Governor and Company opened at Bank, of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymafter General of His Majefty’8 Force?, naming such Paymafter General for the time being, the Sum specified in such Letter upon the unsatisfied Order at the Exchequer in favour of the said Paymafter General, for which the Receipt of the Caftiier or Cafhiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a sufficient Difcharge; and all Sums for which such Letters of the Commissioners of His Majefty*8 Treasury shall be ilfued from the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the

3 E 2	Bank





788

Cuftorrmy Fees only allowed.

A cent General empowered to accept Bills authorized by Secretary at Mar.

Agent General to draw on Bank for Payment of Salaries and Allowances t<> Perfons in his Office.

C. i ji.	540 GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

Bank of England, and not to the Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Foroes, and shall be placed to Uie Account in the Books of the said Governor and Company, intituled 44 The Account of the 44 Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Land Foroes,0 inserting the Name of such Paymafter General for the time being; and the said Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Forces for the time being shall and is hereby required to write off or transfer all such Sums as shall be so placed to his Account as aforesaid, to the Account in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled 44 The Account of the Agent General for the Difembodied 44 Militia, Local Militia, Volunteers and Militia and Defence Afts which Account the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to open, in which Transfer and Account shall beinferted the Name of such Agent General for the time being; for which Sums so written off or transferred the Receipt of the said Agent General shall be a sufficient Difcharge in the Accounts of the said Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Land Forces.

IV.	And be it farther enabled, That no Fees whatever shall be paid at the Exchequer or Treasury by reason of the Tranfa&ions aforesaid, beyond the Amount of what has been usually paid upon Imprefts and Accounts hitherto made, according to the Form or Cuftom of transacting Bufinefs between the Exchequer Pay Office and Bank severally.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Agent General for the Difembodied Militia, Local Militia, Volunteers and Militia and Defence A&s for the time being, by himself or his Deputy, or the Pcrfon or Perfons in his Office duly authorized by the said Agent General to accept all Bills of Exchange which shall be drawn upon him by any Officers of Difembodied Militia, Volunteers or Local Militia, or other Perfons duly authorized by the Secretary at War, payable at the Bank of England, and every such Bill shall specify the particular Head of Service to which the Sum therein mentioned is to be applied; and no Bill so accepted shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said Governor and Company unless the Service for which it is drawn shall be specified thereon, and unless it shall be actually paid by the said Governor and Company ; and the Money so to be issued to the said Governor and Company on Account of the said Agent General shall not be paid out of the Bank unless for the Public Services for which his said . Account is opened, and in pursuance of Bills of Exchange drawn upon the said Agent General and accepted as aforesaid, on which shall be specified the Heads of Service to which the Sums therein mentioned are to be applied, and which Bills so drawn and accepted shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay such Money to the Perfon or Perfons mentioned in such Bills, or their Order or Orders, according to the usual Courfe in respect of Bilb of Exchange.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War from time to time to authorize and empower the said Agent General to draw on the Bank of England for such Sums as the Secretary at War shall deem proper, for the Payment of the Salaries and Allowances to the Perfons employed in his Office, and for such Sums as shall be necessary for Payments on the Petty Accounts of the said Office, and the said Agent General

(hail



789

540 GEO. III.

C.151.

shall not draw any Draft or Check upon the Bank of England unless he shall have been so authorized ; and no Draft or Check whatever shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said Governor and Company unless they shall have received a Letter from the Secretary at War desiring that the fame may be paid; and the said Agent General is hereby required to render an annual Account of all Sums so drawn out of the Bank for the Payment of such Salaries and Ex-pences of his Office, with the proper Vouchers for the actual Payment of the fame to the Secretary at War, who shall cause the said Accounts to be examined, and when found correct shall duly pass the fame.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That Accounts shall be kept Bank to keep by the Bank of England of all Monies issued or directed to be paid Account, through the said Agent General for the time being for Public Services, and the said Agent General observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money

which he shall not actually receive or which shall not be actually drawn for by him or paid upon the Bills accepted by him or his Deputy, or other Perfon or Perfons authorized by him as aforesaid ; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them for such Public Services.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money re- Agent General

ceived by the said Agent General for Public Services shall be imme- t° pay Money diately paid by him into the Bank of England, and placed to his	received by him

Account there in manner aforesaid 5 and such Money shall be ilsued,	lnt0	*

paid and applied in such and the like manner and under the fame Regulations and Reftridions as the Money to be issued for fuch

Services is herein directed to be issued, paid and applied under the Diredions of the Secretary at War.

IX.	And, in order that the Secretary at War may have frequent Knowledge of the Balance of Caffi in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on Account of the said Agent General, and thereby be enabled to judge of the Neceffity and Propriety of further Iffues 5 and to prevent the unnecessary Accumulation of Public Money in the Hands of the said Governor

and Company, be it enacted, That once in every Month, or oftener if Monthly State-required, such Agent General or his Deputy, shall (late to the Secre- ment of Balance tary at War, the Sum Total of the Public Money on Account of the delivered to said Agent General in the Hands of the Governor and Company, ^"CUry at together with an Account of all outstanding Drafts or Bills with which such Balance is chargeable, and to which it is to be applied.

X.	And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refigna- On Death or lion or Removal of any Agent General for Difembodied Militia, Re fi xat ion of X^ocal Militia, Volunteers and Militia and Defence Ads, the Batance A^nt General, of Caffi which shall at that time remain at the Credit of his Account a Jnce ° or Accounts, as Agent General, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall as soon as a Succeffor shall be appointed actually veil in such Succeffor in Truft for the Public Services for which the fame were issued, and shall forthwith be transferred, carried over and placed to the Account of such Succeffor, to be applied to the (aid Services in the manner hereinbefore directed ; and the succeeding Agent General shall and he is hereby directed and required to submit Statements to the Secretary at War, and to

3 E 3	accept



to veil in Suc-cefior, who shall accept Bills for unsatisfied Demands, &c.

79°

A.D. i8i4'

C. 15i.	540	GEO.	III.

Frovifa

Accounts of Agent General kept separate from his Pre-deedfor’s.

Quietus.

Monthly Account lent to Secretary at War.

accept Bills as aforesaid for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands on Account of Public Services, although the fame shall have accrued in the time of any preceding Agent General; and all outstanding Bills which may have been accepted by such preceding Agent General or his Deputy, or the Perfon or Perfons duly authorized as aforesaid, shall be paid from the said Accounts by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, notwithstanding the Death, Refignation or Removal of such Agent General: Provided always, that such succeeding Agent General shall not be held accountable for any Sum or Sums of Money which may be ifTued upon such outstanding Bills, notwithstanding the Payment of the fame may take place after the Date of his Appointment, but the Agent General so dying or going out of Office, his Heirs and Executors, shall be charged with the Total Amount of all such outstanding Bills so accepted by him or his Deputy, or the Perfon or Perfons duly authorized as aforesaid, and which may have been or shall be so paid by any succeeding Agent General; and all Bills, Drafts or Orders so paid by the laid Governor and Company of the Bank of England for such Acceptances as aforesaid, shall be delivered by such Agent General so going out of Office, or by the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators of any Agent General dying, as his or their own proper Vouchers, and shall be delivered by him or them to the Com-miffioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That in the Event of the Death, Refignation or Removal of any such Agent General within the Year the Accounts shall he so made up, as to include and difbn-guifh the actual Payments made on the Bills accepted hy each Agent General, or by his Deputy or Deputies, or the Perfon or Perfons duly authorized by them or either of them respectively within the Year, and to specify and distinguish the respective Balances (if any) remaining on the Death, Refignation or Removal of any Agent General on his several Accounts as aforesaid, and transferred over to the succeeding Agent General, so as to enable the Commiffioneri for auditing the Public Accounts to distinguish each Account, and to examine and declare the Accounts of any Agent General so dying or going out of Office as a separate and distinct Account; and the Transfer of such Balances to any succeeding Agent General shall be a sufficient Difcharge to the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators of any Agent General so dying or going out of Office, for the Amount of such Balances, and a Quietus and full Acquittance shall he given to the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators of any Agent General so dying, or to the Agent General, or his Heirs, Executors or Admi-niftrators so going out of Office, for his Account or Accounts as aforesaid, when and as soon as the fame shall have been examined and declared, and the succeeding Agent General shall become charged with the Balance so transferred as aforesaid.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Agent General for the time being shall transmit to the Secretary at War Monthly Accounts applicable to each separate Head of Service, of all hts Receipts and Payments; that is to fay, of all Sums received by him and placed to his Account, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on the one Hand, and of all Sums paid therefrom on the other, whether by Bills of Exchange accepted hy the said Agent General or by Drafts drawn by him; and





A.D. 1814.	54'GEO. III.	0.151.	79T

also a separate and correct Lift of all the Sums so drawn out of the Bank, by him as aforesaid within the Month, and shall specify the Authorities under which the fame were drawn ; and that the Secretary at War shall cause such Accounts and Lifts to be checked by the Books of his Department, and if the fame shall be found correds, shall return such Lifts certified accordingly, specifying in such Certificate the Amount authorized to be paid or drawn out by such Agent General.	/

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Agent General Annual Ac-fhali make up annual Accounts, ending on the Twenty fourth Day counts maJe of December in each Year, applicable to each separate Head of out*

Service, of all Monies received and Payments made by him, whether

by Bill or Draft as aforesaid, within the Period of the said Accounts respectively 5 in which Accounts the said Agent General shall charge himself with the Balance actually transferred to his Account at the Bank of England, from the Account of the preceding Agent General, or with the Balance brought forward from his own Account for the Year preceding (as the case may be), and also with all Sums carried to his Account at the Bank within the Period of the Account 5 and the said Agent General shall state on the Credit Side of such Account the Amount of each of his Monthly Lifts of Payments as hereinbefore mentioned, which shall have been duly certified by the Secretary at War.	x

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the General Annual Ac- Accounts *nd counts of the Agent General for the time being, so made up as afore- Vouchers said, together with the separate Monthly Lifts of Sums drawn out trnnt'mitied to of the Bank as hereinbefore mentioned, certified by the Secretary at mifl'oners War, with the Bills of Exchange and Drafts or Checks actually paid count*.^ C" by the Bank of England; which Bills and Drafts or Checks (hall

be considered the proper Vouchers for the Sums contained in the said Lifts, shall, within Three Months after the Twenty fourth Day. of December in each Year, be transmitted to the Commifiioners for auditing the Public Accounts, who shall, and they are hereby directed and required, with the lead pofiible Delay, after the Receipt of any such Account, whether the fame shall have been delivered prior to the palling of this A€t or subsequent thereto, to examine or cause to be examined the fame, and to discharge the said Agent General of all Sums paid or drawn out of the Bank of England, whether by Bills accepted, or by Drafts or Checks drawn by the said Agent General, in pursuance of the Authority of the Secretary at War 5 and the said Commi(fioner8 shall, after such Examination, present or cause to be presented to the proper Office for Declaration, the said Accounts as aforesaid, specifying the Amount discharged by the said Vouchers* and by the Certificates of the Secretary at War as aforesaid, and the Amount with which the Agent General is to remain charged for the succeeding Year on account of Balances (if any) remaining on such Accounts as aforesaid ; and when such Accounts so discharged as aforesaid shall be declared, a Quietus or Acquittance in the usual Quietus. Form shall be made out to the said Agent General, his Heir9, Executors and Adminiftrators, for such Account so declared as aforesaid.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That all Books of Accounts, Books of Ac-and all Vouchers whatever, kept in the Office of the said Agent count to re-General, shall belong to the said Office, and shall not be at the Dif- mam lD officc* pofal of the Agent General to take and dispose of the fame as his

3 E 4	private





792	C.	151,152.	54*	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1814.

Forcing, kc. Name, &c. of Agent General.

Bill ofExchange, Ac.

Death.

Bills drawn on

undamped

Paper.

private and proper Books of Accounts and Vouchers: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any Perfon who hath exercised the Office of Agent General, or his or their Execu. tors or Adminiftrators, by himlelf or themselves, or by any Perfon or Perfons authorized by him or them, from taking Copies or Extracts thereof, until an Acquittance in the Exchequer shall be made out for such Agent General, his Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, nor to prevent the Tranfmiffion of the Vouchers in due time to the Commifiioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully ad. or assist in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand of the Agent General for the time being, or his Deputy, or the Perfon or Perlons duly authorized as aforesaid, to any Bill of Exchange, Acceptance, Draft or Inftrument in Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Cuftody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the said Agent General; and shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Bin of Exchange, Acceptance, Draft, Inftrument or Writing in Form of a Draft, made by such Agent General or his Deputy, or the Perfon or Perfons authorized as aforesaid ; or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Perfon whomsoever ; every such Perfon or Perfons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders, drawn upon the said Agent General, on account of the Public Services for which he is or may be authorized to ad as Agent General; and also all Bills, Drafts or Orders, by which any Sums of Money whatsoever are remitted to the Bank of England, or to the said Agent General, for Public Services, may and shall be drawn upon unftamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft or Order, shall be void by reason of being so drawn or written upon unftamped Paper;

in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwith-

CAP. CLII.

any tnin Handing

An AGt to repeal certain Parts of an A€t made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Making, Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder, within Great Britain.	[28th July	1814*3

4 TT7HEREAS it is necessary that so much of an Ad made in * VV the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty 11G.3. c.61.	4	King George the Third, intituled An A3 to regulate the making*

4 keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder within Great Britain, and to 4 repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of tbofe Purpofes* as is 4 hereinafter mentioned, mould be repealedBe it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fune.



793

540 GEO. III.	C.	i153.

fame, That so much of 'the said Aft as enacts, That no Perfon shall | 21. load, take in, carry or convey, in any Waggon, Cart or other Land Carriage laden with Gunpowder, or in any Barge, Boat or Veffel laden with Gunpowder, on any River ^except in the case of Veflels laden with Gunpowder for Importation from or Exportation to Places beyond Sea or going Coaftwife^, any other Lading of any Kind whatsoever, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.	in	part repeal«d.

CAP. CLIII.

An Aft to regulate the Payment of Drawback on Paper allowed to the Univerfities in Scotland. [28th July 1814.]

€ TT7 HEREAS by an Aft made in the Tenth Year of the Reign 10 Ann. c. 19.

*	VV of Her Majesty Queen Ahne, and by an Aft made in the $

*	Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled	C’

4 An A3 for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pajlcboard, Millboard,

4 Scaleboard and Glared Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu 4 thereof; it is enacted, That, for the Encouragement of Learning, so 4 much Money as shall from time to time be paid for the Duties of

*	Excife by the said Aft granted for any Quantities of Paper which

*	(hall be used in the Printing any Books in the Latin, Greek, Ori-

*	ental or Northern Languages, within the Univerfities of Scot land\

4 or any of them, by Permimon of the Principals of the fame refpec-

*	tively, shall and may be drawn back in manner therein mentioned 4 4 And Whereas the Allowance of Duty so made has been by the 4 Chief Managers of the Prefs in certain of the said Univerfities in 4 Scotland allowed to various Bookfellers in London, and elsewhere,

4 whose Publications were printed at the Prefs of such Chief Mana-4 gers of the Prefs of the said Univerfities, and who were not by 4 Law authorized in any manner to receive the fame, by meant 4 whereof the Printers of London and elsewhere have been greatly 4 injured, and the Revenue diminished, contrary to the Spirit and In-

*	tention of the said Afts made for the Encouragement of Learning 4 as aforesaid For Remedy whereof, be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent'

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, Manager of from and after the palling of this Aft, nothing in this or in any former Prefs in Univcr-Aft or Afts of Parliament contained shall entitle any Manager of the Cues not entitled Prefs in either of the said Univerfities to any Drawback or Allow- £ Drawback on ance of Duty payable upon the Paper in the Printing any Books in	,n

the Latin, Greek, Oriental or Northern Languages, unless the Chief jjj.s in i,atin> Manager of the Prefs in such Univerfities shall. Forty eight Hours kc. unless 48 before any such Paper is begun to be printed, give to the proper Of- Hours Notice ficer of Excife a Notice in Writing of the Intention to print such ^vfn.before Paper, specifying the Number of Reams of such Paper, the Title of £.™M1*"nVunleft the Book intended to be printed, and of how many Copies such Edi- he complies with tion is to consist; nor unless all such Paper shall on such Officer’s other Particulars. Attendance be produced to him inclosed in the original Wrappers in

which the fame was charged with Duty, with the Impreffion of the Officer’s Stamp and his Name, with the Date of the Charge of the Duty and the Clafs of such Paper remaining on such Wrappers; nor unlels such Chief Managers shall provide sufficient Scales and Weights, and permit and assist such Officer to use the fame, for af-

certaining





194

Manacer tafub* fcribc an Oath, that Edition is for Ufc of Wniverfity.

Drawback fub-jecfc to former Frovilions.

46 G.3.C. 89.

certaining the Weight of such Paper; nor unless they shall within One Month after the whole of such Edition shall have been printed off give to the proper Officer of Excife Forty eight Hours Notice in Writing thereof, and thereupon such Officer shall attend and examine and weigh the whole of such Edition unbound and in Sheets, and thereupon give to such Chief Manager a Certificate of his having so done, specifying the Name of the Book, the Size thereof, the Number of Copies of which the Edition consists, and the Weight of the Paper on which it is printed, but if such Weight shall exceed the f Weight of the Paper taken account cf by the Officer previous to the Printing, such lad mentioned Weight shall be inserted in the Certificate, and the Allowance shall be made for no more.

II.	And be it further enabled, That no such Allowance shall be made for Paper used in the Printing such Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental or Northern Languages within the said Univerfities, unless the Chief Managers of the Prefs in such Univerfities shall subscribe at the Foot of such Certificate an Oath in Writing made before the Vice Chancellors of the fame, that the whole of the said Edition of the Book so printed is printed for the Ufe and Behoof of the Uni-verfities respectively, for which the fame express to be printed, and that no Bookfeller or other Perfon hath any Share or Intereft therein, or in the Drawback payable thereon ; which Certificate and Oath shall be produced to the Commiflioners of Excife, or any Two of them, without which the said Commiflioners shall not be and are not authorized to cause Payment to be made of such Monies as the Duties for the Paper so used shall amount to.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Allowance of the said Drawback shall be and the fame hereby is made subject and liable (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Aft) to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Pro-vifions to which the fame was subject and liable by any Aft or Ads of Parliament in force before the making of this Ad.

CAP. CLIV.

An Aft for further amending and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An AB for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several ABs for the Purchafe of Buildings, and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houfes of Parliament; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	[28th July 1814.]

WHEREAS, by an Aft paired in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A& for con/oB-4 dating and rendering more cjfeQual the several A8s for the Pur-4 chafe of Buildings, and further Improvement of the Streets and € Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houfes of Parliament,

* the Commiflioners thereby appointed are empowered to purchase 4 for the Purpofes thereof all the Ground, Houfes and Buddings 4 situate within certain Limits thereby preferibed, and with such Con-€ sent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords 4 Commiflioners of the Treasury, as therein mentioned, to purchase * all such other Ground, Buildings, Houfes and Pxnmfes as they





.

*	may think proper for the Purpofes of the fame Aft : And

4 Whereas, by another Aft palled in the Forty eighth Year of the 48 G.3. 4 Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and enlarging the 4 Powers of the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, it was 4 enacted, that it should be lawful for the Dean and Chapter of the § 1

*	Collegiate Church of Saint Peter of Westminster to demise or leafe

* to the Commiflioners under the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year 4 of His present Majesty, or to any Three of them, as therein men-4 tioned, for the Term of Ninety nine Years, to take Effeft in Pof-

*	felion all oi* any Part or Parts of the Ground, Houfes and Build-4 ings in the said reciting Aft described or mentioned, and which are 4 situate near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houfes’of Parliament,

*	fubjeft to the Reftnftions therein mentioned 5 and the said Com- * 2

*	miflioners were, by the said Aft of the Forty eighth Year of His 4 present Majesty, empowered to make such further Purchafes for

*	the Improvements aforesaid as therein mentioned : And Whereas,

*	by an Aft palled in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said 50 G. 3. 4 present Majesty for further amending and enlarging.the Powers of $ 1 4 the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, it

4 was enacted, that it should and might be lawful to and for the said € Dean and Chapter, in manner therein mentioned, to demise or lease 4 unto the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land

*	Revenues for the time being, or to the Perfon or Perfons for the 4 time being executing the Office of Surveyor General of Crown

*	Lands, all the Pieces or Parcels of Ground authorized by the said 4 Aft of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, to be demised by the faid

*	Dean and Chapter to the Commiflioners of the said Aft of the 4 Forty sixth Year aforesaid, which Pieces or Parcels of Land or

*	Ground are Part of the Poflefiions of the said Dean and Chapter,

4 and are also Part of the Hereditaments particularly described in

*	the Form of a Leafe written or contained in the Schedule to the

*	now reciting Aft ; and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Ground 4 situate in the said Parilh of Saint Margaret JVeflminJlery being € Parts and Parcels of the old Streets, Lanes or Ways, and which 4 by Order of the Commiflioners of the aforesaid Afts were no

*	longer to be used as such, but were to be taken into the new Plan

*	of Building authorized by the said Afts ; which last mentioned

*	Pieces or Parcels of Ground were the Refidue of the Heredita-

*	ments particularly described in the said Form of a Leafe contained 4, in the said Schedule, save and except out of the said Indenture of 4 Leafe so to be granted, all those Pieces or Parcels of Ground, being

*	Part of the Poffeflions of the said Dean and Chapter, which by 4 Order of the Commiflioners of the said Aft of the Forty sixth 4 Year were to be laid into and to form Part of the new Streets,

*	Lanes and Ways to be made and fet out by Order of the said Com-4 miflioners. To hold the said Premifes thereby authorized to be dc-4 mifed, with their Appurtenances, unto the Commiflioners of His

*	Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or to the Perfon 4 or Perfons for the time being for executing that Office, for the 4 Term of Ninety fix Years, to be computed from the Twenty fifth 4 Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, at the yearly 4 Rents of Four hundred and fifteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six

pence $ Forty Shillings; and One Pound Fourteen Shillings and c Light pence ; and under and subject to the Covenants* Condition#

4 and





7 95

c.ij;.

C.II9.

A.D. 1814*

79S	C.	154.	54s	GEO.	HI.

i *•

Indenture,

July, 19,18x0.*

*	and Agreements prescribed by the said Form of a Leafe contained 4 in the laid Schedule; and that upon Tender by the said Dean and

*	Chapter of a Leafe purfuaftt to the said Form, and duly executed 4 by them under their Common Seal unto the last mentioned Com-

*	miflioners, or the Perfon or Perfons for the time being executing 4 the said Office, it ffiould and might be lawful to and for them,

*	and they were thereby directed and required to accept and take 4 such Lease, and to execute a Counterpart thereof; and for the

*	Purpofes aforesaid the lall mentioned Commissioners were by the 4 said last mentioned Aft constituted a Corporation by the Name of

*	44 The Commissioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land 4 Revenuesand it was by the said Aft further enacted, that 4 it ffiould be lawful for the said Dean and Chapter, and they were 4 thereby empowered to grant to the said Commissioners of His

*	Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, a Leafe of all that 4 other Piece or Parcel of Ground with the Two Meffuages thereon 4 situate and being on the South Side of Great George Street, one of 4 which Meffuages was then lately used as the Adjutant General’s 4 Office, and the other of which Meffuages was occupied by Richard 4 Frewin Esquire, which said Piece or Parcel of Ground is in the 4 Plan or Ground Plot, annexed to the Form of the Leafe written 4 or contained in the Schedule to the fame Aft, marked or diftin-4 guiffied by a Green Colour, for a like Term of Ninety fix Years,

*	From the said Twenty fifth Day of March then last, upon such Fine

*	and at such Rents as ffiould thereafter be agreed upon by and be-4 tween the said Dean and Chapter and the fame Commissioners under 4 the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid: And Whereas by 4 an Indenture of Leafe bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of July 4 One thousand eight hundred and ten, and made between the then 4 Dean of the Collegiate Church of Saint Feter Westminster and the

*	Chapter of the fame Church of the one Part, and the Commissioners 4 of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues of the other 4 Part, the (aid Dean and Chapter, pursuant to and in the Exercife

* of the Powers and Authorities veiled in them by the said laft

* mentioned Aft, did demise, grant and to farm let, unto the said 4 Commissioners and their Succeffors, all those their several Pieces or 4 Parcels of Land situate, lying and being in the Parifh of Saint Mar-4 garet and The Sanftuary, in the City and Liberty of IVeftminfier, 4 whereon formerly flood divers Meffuages or Tenements, Ereftions

*	and Buildings then pulled down by the Commissioners named m

*	and appointed under and by virtue of the said Aft of the Forty

*	fixth Year aforesaid, or by and under their Authority and Direc-

*	tion, which said Pieces or Parcels of Land were thereinafter parti-

*	cularly mentioned and deferibed 5 that is to (ay, All that Piece or 4 Parcel of Land, situate, lying and being in the Parifh of Saint Mar-

*	garet, in the City and Liberty of Wejlminfler, abutting North partly 4 on a Street called Great George Street, and partly on the Backs of 4 Houses,or the Yards and Out buddings of Houfes situate and being 4 in Great George Streetf abutting South on a Street theretofore

*	called Thieving Lane, but then called Bow Street5 East on a Street 4 called King Street, and Wefl partly on the Houfes and Outbuild-4 ings belonging thereto situate in Great George Street aforesaid, and 4 partly on a Street called Little George Street, referring nevertheless 4 out of the aforesaid demised Ground a good, fufficieut and copious

4 Way

booQle

797

A.D.1814.	54°	GEO.	III.	0.154.

*	Way or Paflage to and from The Stable Yard* used in Common

*	by the Tenants of the said Dean and Chapter, together with free

*	Ingrefs, Egrefs and Regress, to and for the said Tenants and their

*	Afsigns, their Servants, Workmen, Agents and others with their

*	Leave, or by their Authority, with Horfes, Coaches, Carts and

*	other Carriages, as the fame had theretofore been used and enjoyed

*	by the Tenants or Leffees of the said Dean and Chapter, all which

*	Piece or Parcel of Ground had been theretofore demised or leafed € to William Rock, Archibald Edmonjlone, and Thomas Duckett and

. * David Watson, by Fourteen several Indentures of Lease; And alfo

*	all that their other Piece or Parcel of Land, situate, lying and 4 being in The San&uary, in the Parilh of Saint Margaret aforesaid,

4 abutting on Bow Street aforesaid on the North, partly on a Place 4 called The Little Sanfluary, within The San&uary aforesaid, and 4 partly on a Freehold Tenement on the South and West, and on

*	King Street aforesaid on the East, all which said last mentioned 4 Piece or Parcel of Ground had been theretofore demised to Joseph € Henley and others, George Nijbett, Nathaniel Barlow and others,

4 and Samuel Tanjley, by Four several Indentures of Leafe ; And also 4 all that their other Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate, lying and ‘ being in The San&uary aforesaid, abutting partly on The Little

*	Sanauary aforesaid, and partly on a Freehold on the North and 4 West, and on other Part of The San&uary aforesaid on the South

*	and East, all which said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground 4 had been theretofore demised to William Freejlone, Efau Marjb,

4 John Elliott and Sir John Call, and Edward Taylor, and Catherine 4 Feary, by Four several Indentures of Lease; And also all that 4 their other Piece or Pareel, situate, lying and being in Bow Street 4 aforesaid, adjoining on the East next to certain Premifes granted 4 by Bargain and Sale by the said Dean and Chapter to certain Com-4 raiffioners for erecting a SefGons House for the City and Liberty of 4 WeJlminJler, under and by virtue of a certain A& of Parliament	,

4 made and palled in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His 4* G. 3. e. x 1

4 present Majesty, for the Redemption of the Land Tax, commonly 4 called The Land Tax A&, abutting on the North and North Well 4 Parts on Bow Street aforesaid, and on the South and on the South 4 and South West Parts on a Place called Green9s Alley within The

*	San&uarv aforesaid, and which said last mentioned Piece or Parcel 4 of Land bad been theretofore granted in One Leafe to the Right

*	Honourable Charles Abbott Speaker of the House of Commons,

*	the Right Honourable Sir Archibald Macdonald Knight,. Chief

*	Baron of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer, and the Right Hon-

*	ourable George Rofe ; And also all that their other Piece or Parcel 4 of Land, situate, lying and being in The San&uary aforesaid, bound-

*	edon the West and North West Parts partly by Bow Street afore-

*	said, and partly by Places called Broken Cross, and Princes Street 4 Long ditch, abutting on a Place called Tothill Street on the South,

4 and partly on The San&uary aforesaid, and a Place called Love 4 Lane, within The San&uary aforesaid, and on Green’s Alley afore-

*	said, on the East ; all which said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of 4 Land had been theretofore demised to Henry Watkins, John Hough-4 ton, Edward Glanville, Richard Burton, Sophia Paukeman, BUJfett 4 Burton, Jane Thom, John Jones, Thomas Green, George Stubbs 4 and Thomas Bray, Stephen Hook, Thomas Scott, Robert Thompson,

4 Thomas





798

Indenture, Nov.5,1811.

*	Thomas Yeomans, Samuel ColTins, Adam Edgar and John Elliott, 4 and John Pybus, by Nineteen several Indentures of Leafe ; And 4 also all that their other Piece or Parcel of Land, situate, lying and

*	being in The San&uary aforesaid, abutting on the North, the East,

*	and the South Parts on The Sandhiary aforesaid, and on the West 4 Parts on Love Lane aforesaid; all which said last mentioned Piece

*	or Parcel of Land had been theretofore demised to George Stubbs 4 and Thomas Bray, William Moon, Charles Snow, Samuel Hanbury, 4 James Beecher and David Green, and others, by Six several Inden-4 tures of Lease, all which said Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground 4 were the Land or Ground which had been by the aforesaid Ad 4 of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid authorized to be granted by

*	the said Dean and Chapter to the Commiflioners under the faid

*	Ad of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, for the Term of Nineteen

*	Years, at such Yearly Rent or Rents, and under such Covenants 4 and Agreements, as should be agreed upon between the LefTors 4 and the Commiflioners for executing the said last mentioned Ad;

*	To Hold the fame Premises, with the Appurtenances unto the said 4 Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Re-

*	venues, and their Succeflors, from the Annunciation of the Blefled

*	Virgin Mary One thousand eight hundred and ten, for and during 4 and unto the full End and Term of Ninety fix Years from thence

*	next following, and fully to be complete and ended, at and under 4 the Yearly Rent of Four hundred and fifteen Pounds Sixteen Shd-

*	lings and Six pence, of lawful Money of Great Britain, payable

*	Quarterly as therein mentioned, and the further or other Rents of 4 Forty Shillings, and One Pound Fourteen Shillings and Eight

*	pence therein mentioned, and under and subject to tie Covenants, 4 Provifoes and Agreements therein contained, and on the Part and

*	Behalf of the said Commiflioners and their Succeflors, to be paid,

*	observed, performed and kept in refpedf of the fame Premises:

*	And Whereas by another Indenture of Leafe bearing Date the 4 Fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eleven, 4 and made between the then Dean of the Collegiate Church aforc-4 said, and the Chapter of the fame Church of the one Part, and

*	the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land 4 Revenues of the other Part, the said Dean and Chapter pursuant 4 to and in exercise of the Powers and Authorities veiled in them, by

*	the last mentioned Adf, did demise, grant and to farm let unto the 4 said Commiflioners and their Succeflors, all those their Two several 4 Pieces or Parcels of Ground, situate, lying and being in Great 4 George Street, in the Pariih of Saint Margaret in the City of 4 Westminster, whereon lately flood Two several Mefluages or Tene-4 ment8, Eredtions and Buildings, lately numbered Sixteen and 4 Seventeen in the fame Street, fronting North upon Great George 4 Street aforesaid, and abutting upon the South and East Parts upon 4 other Ground demised to the said Commiflioners under the laid 4 Adt of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid ; and the West Part upon

*	Ground demised to the said Archibald Edmonjlone and Thomas DucL 4 ett; To Hold the said Premifes with the Appurtenances unto

*	the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land 4 Revenues, and their Succeflors, from the Annunciation of the 4 Blefled Virgin Mary One thousand eight hundred and ten, for and 4 during and unto the full End and Term of Ninety fix Years from

4 thence

v^.ooQle

799

A.D. 1814.	54°	GEO.	III.	C.	154.

*	thence next following, and fully to be complete and ended, at and

*	under the Yearly Rent of Thirty eight Pounds Five Shillings of

*	lawful Money of Great Britain, payable Quarterly as therein men-4 tioned, and under and subject to the Covenants, Provifoes and € Agreements therein contained, and on the Part and Behalf of the 4 said Commiflioners and their Succeflbrs to be observed, performed 4 and kept in respect of the fame Premifes : And Whereas it is

*	expedient for carrying into further Effeft the Improvement of the 4 Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houfes of 4 Parliament aforesaid, that the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the 4 Pieces or Parcels of Ground and Hereditaments comprized in 4 the said several Indentures of Lcafe should be purchased by the 4 said Commiflioners of the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year of His 4 present Majessy, and that such Alterations and Improvements as

*	hereinafter mentioned, independent of such Purchase, should alfo

*	be made in the Streets and Places aforesaid, and that such Powers 4 of leafing Parts of the Ground which may be hereafter purchased 4 by the said Commiflioners under the said Afts of the Forty sixth 4 Year aforesaid as hereinafter mentioned, for the Purpofes herein-4 after mentioned, should be given to the Lords Commiflioners of 4 His MajeAy’s Trcafury : And Whereas the Commiflioners of the 4 said Aft of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty are in 4 Treaty with the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of

*	Saint Peter in Westminster aforesaid, for the Purchafe of the Fee

*	Simple and Inheritance of the Pieces or Parcels of Grounds and 4 Hereditaments comprized in the said several Indentures of Lease,

4 and also of otherk Ground and Hereditaments not comprized in

*	the said Indentures of Leafe or either of them ; but inasmuch as

*	the Rents referred by the said Indentures of Leafe respectively 4 cannot be extinguished nor the said Leafes merged and extinguished 4 by virtue of any Power at present veiled in the said Commiflioners ; 4 and as Doubts have been entertained whether the Powers of pur-

*	chasing, given to the said Commiflioners by the said recited Afts 4 of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years of His said Majessy, have

*	not been extinguiihed or suspended so far as relates to such of the

*	faid Premifes as are comprized in the said Leafes respectively, by

*	virtue of the fame Leafes or of the said Powers ofdeafing contained

*	in the said Afts Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the .Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commiflioners for the time being of the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, subject to the fame Reilriftions and Controul of the Lords Commiflioners of the Treasury, as are contained in the said Aft, to purchase the Fee Simple and Inheritance, and all other Eflate8, Rights and Interests, of and in all and Angular the Ground and Hereditaments comprized in the Two several hereinbefore in Part recited Indentures of Lease, in such and the fame manner, and for such and the fame Purposes, in all respects, as they coUld or might have done in case the said Powers of leafing had not been given a* aforesaid, and the said Leafes of the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, and the Fifth Day of November One

thoufand

Commiflioners

under

46 G. 3. c.89. empowered to purchase Pre-mi fe« comprized in Indentures.

CjOOQle

8oo

Regulations of Aits extended to Act.

When Confident in Money paid Indentuies void.

Cotmniflioners with Content of Trealury may incloi'e and plant Premifes already pur-chafed or to be purchased.

If Piece of

Ground lying on Well Side of Little George Street pur-chafed, Treasury may demise fame to Patron, &c. of Weftminlter National Free School

C* 1544	54*	GEO. III.	A.D. 1814*

thousand eight hundred and eleven, had not been granted as aforesaid $ and that all and singular the Powers, Regulations, Provifions and other Proceedings directed by the said Afts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years of His said Majesty, except so far as the A£t of the Forty sixth is varied or repealed by the said Aft of the Forty eighth Year of His said Majesty, or as the fame Afts, or either of them, are or is varied or repealed by this present Aft, touching the Purchases, AflefTments, Valuations and Payment of Purchafe Money, and the veiling of Eftates purchased, and every other Direction therein respectively given, except as aforesaid, shall be in full Force and Ef-feft with respect to the Purchafe or Purchafes so to be made by virtue of this Aft as aforesaid.

II.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and immediately after such of the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground and Hereditaments so intended to be purchased as aforesaid, as are comprized in the said several Indentures of Lease, shall have been purchased as aforesaid, and the Confideration Money for the Purchafe thereof shall have been paid, the said several Indentures of Leafe and the Rents thereby respectively reserved, and every Cove-aant, Agreement, Provifo, Matter and Thing therein respectively contained, shall cease, determine and be void.

III.	And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That It shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commifiioners of the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, with the Confent of the Lord High Trcasurer, or the Commifiioners for the time being, for executing the said Office of Lord High Trcasurer, or any Three of them, to inclose and plant all or any Part or Parts of the Ground already purchased or hereafter to be purchased under the Powers of the aforesaid Afts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or of this Aft, or any of them, in such manner as the said Commifiioners under the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year of His said Majesty, shall think proper, and that the fame shall thenceforth continue so inclosed and planted, and that no Buildings shall be erected thereupon, or upon any Part thereof, without such Direftion and Confent as aforeTaid.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in case the Piece or Parcel of Ground situate, lying and being on the West Side of Little George Street, the North Side of Bow Street at the Back of the new Court House, and the South Side of Prince’s Mews, containing in Length from East to West, as well on the North as the South Side, One hundred and two Feet Six Inches, lhtk more or less, and from North to South, as well on the East as the Well Side Seventy Feet Six Inches, little more or less shall at any time hereafter be purchased by the said Commifiioners of the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, in pursuance of the Powers contained in the said Afts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or either of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commifiioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, at any time or times after the Purchafe or Purchafes last mentioned shall have been made, and notwithstanding any Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force to the contrary, by Indenture or Indentures to be inrolled in one of His Majefty1* Courts of Record at Wcjlminjlcr, to grant or demise all or any Part or Parts of the

laid

booQle

A.D.1814.

540 GEO. III.

C. 154.

801

(laid last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground to the Patron, Prelident and Vice Preiidents for the time being, of the School commonly called or intended to be called The Westminster National Free School, and their Succeflors, for any Term or Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety nine Years from the Date or respective Dates thereof at a Pepper Corn Rent, daring the whole of the Term or Terms of Years thereby to be granted, and under and subject to such Covenants for building and keeping in Repair and insuring from Lofs or Damage by Fire, and such other Covenants, Conditions, Reftri&ions and Agreements as the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, ffiall approve :	Provided	Provifo.

nevertheless, that every such Grant or Leafe be on the Face of it expressed to be made in Trull for the Purpofes of the said Westminster National Free School, and that a Provifo be therein inserted for making void the fame respectively, in the Event of the Ground therein to be comprized, and the Buildings to be erected thereon, or any of them, or any Part thereof being used for any Purpofe or Purpofes whatsoever unconneded with the said School,

V.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Weftminler the Patron, Prelident and Vice Preiidents for the time being of the National Tree said School shall be and they are hereby conllitiited a Corporation Sc,'°°l mcorpo-by the Name of “ The Patron, President and Vice Prefidents of rated*

the Westminster National Free School,* in order to enable them to accept and take in a Corporate Capacity by the Name aforesaid, the Grant or Grants, Leafe or Leafes hereinbefore authorized to be granted, and to execute a Counterpart or Counterparts thereof, and for other Purpofes of the said School; and by that Name for the Purpofes aforesaid they ffiall and may have and use a Common Seal, and may sue and be sued, implead and be impleacted, but nothing in this Adi or in such Grant or Grants, Leafe or Leafes contained or to be contained, ffiall extend to charge the Perfon or Perfons of him or them, or of his'or their Heirs, Executors or Adminillrators, or his or their or any of their own proper Lands or Tenements,

Goods or Chattels, with the Performance of all or any of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements in the fame Grant or Grants, Leafe or Leases, or any of them, to be contained ; but all and every such Adlion and Actions, Suit and Suits, as ffiall be brought or profe-cuted for or in refpedi of the fame Covenants, Conditions and Agreements, or any of them, ffiall be brought or prosecuted againlt the said Patron, President and Vice Presidents, and their Succeflors for the time being, in their Corporate Capacity.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That New or im-

all and Angular the Pieces or Parcels of Ground, situate, lying and proved Streets being in the Pariffi of Saint Margaret, within the Liberty of Wejl-	Men	ap-

minjlery which by any Order or Orders of the Commissioners of the pojmej for said A61 of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, have already been laid into parish of

or shall hereafter be laid into and form Part of the new Streets, Lanes »s*. Margaret and Ways made and fet out or to be made and fet out by the Order und^r c of the lame Commissioners, or which have been or ffiall hereafter be 11	*

added to any former or other Streets, Lanes and Ways, shall, as to the Pieces or Parcels of Ground already laid into and forming Part of the new Streets, Lanes and Ways, or already added to any former or other Streets, Lanes and Ways, from and immediately after the

54 Geo. IIL

3F

Payment



by 

802

Commiflloners may relume Ground so laid into new and improved Streets, which shall then become veiled in Treasury.

Com mi H!oners may dispose of to Commiilioners under

47 G. 3. SefT. 2. c. lxvii. certain vacant Ground contiguous to

C.154.	54°GEO.	III.	A.D.	1814

Payment of the Purchafe Money for the fame ; and as to the Piece* or Parcels of Ground hereafter to be laid into and to form Part of the new Streets, Lanes and Ways, or hereafter to be added to any former or other Streets, Lanes and Ways, from time to time from and immediately after the fame shall have been laid into and form Part of such new Streets, Lanes and Ways, or have been added to any former or other Streets, Lanes and Ways, be vested in the Committee Men for the time being, appointed for the said Parifti of Saint AIargaret% under an Aft made and parted in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Aft to amend and render more ejfcftualfederal Afts made relative to pavings eleanjing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, To Hold to such lad mentioned Committee Men ajid their SuceefFors for the Ufe of the Public, and for the Purpofes of the said last mentioned Aft and the feverai Afts therein referred to ; and they the said Committee Men and their Succeffors are hereby authorized and required and directed to accept and take all such Pieces or Parcels of Ground under their Jurifdiftion as Committee Men under the said Aft of the Eleventh Year aforesaid, and to use and exercise over the fame, and over the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Buildings and Tenements adjoining and near thereto, all such Powers, Authorities and Remedies, as they the fame Committee Men are by the said Aft of the Eleventh Year aforesaid, and the feverai Afts therein mentioned, authorized to use and exercise over the whole Streets, Lanes and Ways now within the Jurifdiftion of the fame Committee Men under the fame Afts, and over the Owner* and Occupiers of Houses, Buildings and Tenements, situate in the said old Streets, Lanes and Ways,

VII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful at any time or times hereafter for the Commissioners for executing the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, with the Confent of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Com-miflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three of them, to resume and take Poffeffion of the Pieces or Parcels of Ground so laid out or hereafter to be laid out for the new Streets, Lanes or Ways, or added or to be added to any former or other Streets, Lanes or Ways as aforesaid, for the Purpofes of the said Afts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or any of them, and from and immediately after the fame respectively shall have been so resumed and taken Poffeffion of, or the Part or Parts thereof so resumed and taken Poffeffion of, shall thenceforth by virtue of this present Aft be diverted out of the said Committee Men, and be absolutely vested in the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, for the Purpofes of the said Afts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners under the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, to dispose of to the Commissioners for the time being under an Aft of Parliament passed in the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty, intituled An Aft to amend Three Afts of the





8o3

.A.D. 1814.

54* GEO. III.

C. 154.

certain Pieces of Ground nudt.

JMajeJiy, for ere fling a Court Houfc for the holding of Seffions of the Court Houle; Peace in the City of Wcftminlter; either by way of S^le or in or Exchange of Exchange for all or any Part or Parts of the Slip or Slips of vacant Ground belonging to the last mentioned Commiflioners, extending along the East, Welt, North and South Sides of the said Court House, and not wanted for the Accommodation thereof, the Two several Pieces or Parcels of Ground situate at or near the South West and South East Angles of the said Court Houfc, being Parcels of the Ground formerly purchased by the said Commiflioners under the Aft of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid for the Purpofes aforesaid, or either of the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground, or any Part thereof refpec-tively, or to purchase the said Slip or Slips of vacant Ground, East,

West, North and South of the said Court Houfc or any Part thereof, and the Commiflioners under the said Aft of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, or any Five of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to concur with the said Commiflioners, under the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned in all such Afts as shall be neccfTary for effeftuating any such Sale,

Exchange or Purchafe as aforesaid, and to execute all such Conveyances and AfTurances for effeftuating any such Sale or Sales, Exchange or Exchanges, as may be deemed necessary for those Purposes, or any of them; and the said Commiflioners respectively are hereby authorized to give or receive any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Equality of Exchange, and the Money arising from the Sale (if any) to be made by the Commiflioners under the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or to be received by them by way of Equality of Exchange by virtue of this present Power, shall be applied in the manner directed by the said Aft of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, concerning the Monies to be received by them by virtue of the fame Aft ; and that the Pmthafe Money arising from the Sale (if any) to be made in pursuance of this Money, if any, Aft by the Commiflioners under the said Aft of the Forty feventh	^ates

Year aforesaid, or to be received by them by way of Equality of y Exchange, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County Rates for the County of Middlefcx> and be by him placed to the Credit of the said Rate8.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Part of Ground not the Ground which may be fold or conveyed by or given in Exchange bu,lt ui,oru from the Commiflioners under the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, to the Commiflioners under the said Aft of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, shall at any time hereafter be built upon or appropriated to any Purpofe whatsoever, except such Improvements

and Alterations in and Additions to the said Court Houfc as hereinafter mentioned, without the Confcnt in Writing of the Commiflioners for the time being acting under the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid.

X.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commiflioners under the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any Three of them, to take down and remove the Portico on the South Side of the said Court House, and to rebuild and replace the fame, or to build and place a suitable Portico to the said Court House on the East Side thereof, and that all Cofts, Charges and Expences attending the fame shall be wholly paid and discharged by the Commiflioners under the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, out of the Funds now in

Com mi (lionets may remove Portico at South Side of Court House, and build one on Eait.

F 2



their



804

C. 154.

54* GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

Commiflloners

under

47 G. 3. SefT. 2. c. Ixvii. empowered to make Improvements to Court Houle, with

miilioners under 46 G. 3. c.89,

Provifo.

48 G.3. c.137. $9*

their Hands, or to be received by them under the said Afts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or either of them, or otherwise for the Purpofes of the fame Adis, or either of them.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and at any time after the said Portico shall have been taken down and removed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commiflloners under the said Adi of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, and for the Commiflloners under the several Adis therein mentioned, or any Five of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Improvements and Alterations in and Additions to the said Court House as they may deem necessary or expedient, in con-C°ii|ciu of Com- feqUcnce of the Removal and Rebuilding of such Porticoes as afore-

miflir»ni»rs tinier -	r	.	•

laid, or as they may conlider to be conducive to the Convenience of the several Magistrates and other Perfons resorting to such Court House, and that the Cofts, Charges and Expences of such Improvements, Alterations and Additions shall be paid and discharged in such and the fame manner as the Cofts, Charges and Expences of repairing, supporting and maintaining the said Court House are directed to be paid and discharged in and by the said Aft of the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty: Provided nevertheless, that no external Alterations or Additions shall be 'made to the said Court House without the Approbation and Confent in Writing of the said Com-miffioner8 under the Ad of the Forty sixth George Third as aforesaid, or any Three of them.

* XII. And Whereas by the said Adi of the Forty eighth Yea.

*	of His said Majesty, it was, amongst other things, enacted, that it

*	fhould be lawful for the said Commiflloners under the said Adi of

*	the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as 4 therein mentioned, to take down the Watch House and all other 4 Eredlions and Buildings standing on the North Side of Saint 4 Margaret’s Church Yard in the City of Westminster aforesaid, next

*	The Broad Sandluary, and all or any Trees standing in any Part

*	of the said Church Yard, and to dispose thereof, and of the Mate-

*	rials of all such Buildings and Eredlions, provided that it fhould

*	not be lawful for the said Commiflloners to take down the laid 4 Watch House, until they should have provided or built another 4 proper and sufficient Watch House for the Ufe of the said Panfh 4 in lieu thereof: And Whereas there is no Power given or reserved 4 to the said Commiflloners of the said Adi of the Forty sixth Year « aforesaid to provide or build another Watch HoufeBe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and

purchase a Piece may xawful to and for the Commiflloners of the said Aft of the o roun or jrorty flxth year afo^said, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchase the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such Piece or Parcel of Ground in New Way Almonry or elsewhere in the Parifh of Saint Margaret Wejlminjlcr, as shall be approved by the Veftrymen of the fame Panfh, for the Purpofe of erecting thereon such new Watch House as aforesaid, in such and the fame manner as they are empowered to purchase Ground under or by virtue of the said Adis of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or either of them, and as if the Ground so to he purchased as lall mentioned were within the Limits prescribed by the fame Afts, or either of them, for Pur-chafes to be made in pursuance of the fame Adis for the Purpofes

thereof,

Commissioners empowered to

building new Watch House.



Soj

A.D. 1814.	540	GEO.	III.	C. 154.

thereof, but without any Confent or Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, being deemed necefTary to such Purchase; and that all and singular the Powers, Regulations, Provifions and other Proceedings directed by the said Ada of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years of His said Majesty, except so far as the Ad of the Forty sixth is varied or repealed by the said Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His said Majesty, or as the fame Ads, or either of them, are or is varied or repealed by this present Ad, touching the Pur-chases, Afleflments, Valuations and Payment of Purchafe Money of Eftates purchased, and every other Diredion therein respectively given, except as aforesaid, shall be in full Force and Effcd with respect to the Purchafe or Purchafes so to be made by virtue of this Ad, as last aforesaid.

XIII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Watch House That the said Commissioners of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid shall bmlt* ered and build on the Ground to be purchased as last mentioned, a

proper and sufficient Watch House for the Ufe of the said Pari(h of Saint Margaret aforesaid ; and that theCofts, Charges and Expences Expencet how-attending the taking down the Watch House and all other Buildings Puld* on the North Side of Saint Margaret's Church Yard aforesaid, and of such Purchafe as aforesaid, and erecting such new Watch House as aforesaid, shall be paid in the manner following 5 that is to fay, One hundred and fifty Pounds, Part thereof, (haU be paid out of the Monies raised or to be railed for defraying the Expences of the Nightly Watclimen, under and by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force relating to the Watch Eftablilhment of the said Parilh to the said Commissioners of the said Ad of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, to be applied by them towards Satisfadion thereof; and the Refidue thereof by the fame Commissioners out of the Funds now in their Hands, or to be received by them under the said Ads of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or either of them, or other wife for the Purpofes of the fame Ads.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately New Watch

after such new Watch House shall have been erected as aforesaid (the J^oule vested in said Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds being previously paid as	'**	**

aforefaid) the fame and the Ground to be purchased for the Purpofe House.

of erecting the fame, shall be and become vested by virtue of this present Ad, in the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Corporate, his, her or their Heirs or Succeflors in whom the old Watch House and Buildings so to be taken down as aforesaid would have been vested in case this present Ad had not been parted; and that the Scite of the old Watch House and Buildings so to be taken down as aforesaid shall immediately thereupon be and become Part of the Church Yard of Saint Margaret's Parifti aforesaid, and no other Buildings shall be erected thereon, or on any Part of the said Church Yard : Provided ^Itch Hcfufe 10 always, that nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be con- become pa,te0f0 ftrued to extend in any manner whatsoever, to prevent the said Dean church Yard, and Chapter from using the Whole or any Part of the said Church Yard or Scite of the Watch House for the Purpofe of erecting temporary Buildings or Scaffolding upon Public Processions, Solemnities and other great Public Occafions ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

3 F 3	XV.	And



A.D.i8i4‘

8c6

Money paid for Premiles belonging to Dean and Chapter veded in i*ur-chife of other Premil'es*

How Money in* vested till Pur-chafes made.

C. 154.	54°	GEO.	III.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That the Money or Recompence to be paid for any MefYuages, Buildings, Land, Ground or Hereditaments which shall be purchased, taken or used, for the Purpofes of the said recited Ads of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years afore-said, or either of them, or of this Ad, to the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter Wejlmitifter aforesaid, shall, in case the fame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be invested in the Purchafe of other Mefluages, Lands, Grounds, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed unto and to the Ufc of the said Dean and Chapter, and their Succeffors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to accept and take the fame upon and for the like Trulls and Purposes, and subject to the like Powers of Sale for Redemption of Land Tax, and all other Powers and Reflridions whatsoever, as the MefTuages, Lands, Ground, Tenements or Hereditaments belong, ing to the said Dean and Chapter so to be purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, were subject or liable to at the time of such Purchafe or Purchafes ; and in the mean time, and until such Purchafe or Pur-chafes can be made, such Money shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chaneery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Commiflioners for executing the said recited Ads of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or this Ad, pursuant to the Method preferibed by the Ad of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter the Thirty second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Ad of the Twelfth of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty fourth, and shall, when so paid in, be laid out in the Purchafe of Navy or Vidualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interefl arising from the Money laid out in such Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they shall respectively be paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General, in the Purchafe of other Navy or Vidualling or Exchequer Bills 5 all which said Navy and Vidualling Bills and Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until a proper Purchafe or Purchafes shall be made, found and approved of by the said Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, and until the (ante, upon a Petition setting forth such Approbation (to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a fumraary way by tne said Dean and Chapter), be ordered to be fold by the said Accountant General for the completing such Purchase, in such manner as the said Court shall think just and direct ; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to make such Order or Orders in a summary way, touching the Payment or Application of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank, and touching such Navy, Vidualling or Exchequer Bills, and the Intereft thereof, in pursuance of the Diredions of this Ad, as the Court shall think fit; but in case any such Money shall be lese than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and not less than Twenty Pounds, then such Money shall be paid to such Perfon or Perfons as the said Dean and Chapter shall nominate to receive the fame, in Trust, with all convenient Speed, to be re-invefted in the Purchafe of other Mefluages, Lands, Ground, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed unto and to the Ufe of the said Dean and Chapter and their

Succeflbrt,





A.D. 1814.

807

540 GEO. III.	C.	154*

Succeflors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to accept and take the fame upon and for the like Trulls and Purposes, and subject to the like Powers of Sale for Redemption of Land Tax* and all other Powers and Reilriclions whatsoever, as the Mefiuages,

Lands, Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be pur-chafed from them respectively by the said Commifiioners were refpec-tively subject or liable to at the time of fucli Purchafe or Purchases; and in the mean time, and until such Purchafe or Purchafes shall be made, the said Money shall be placed out by the said Dean and Chapter in some of the Public Funds or Government f real Securi- + s,c‘ ties, in the Names of Two or more Perfons, to be nominated by the said Dean and Chapter, and to be approved of by the said Commif-fioners, or any Three or more of them ; and the Dividends or Intereit ariling or to be produced from such Funds or Securities shall be paid to the said Dean and Chapter and their Succeflbrs.

XVI.	Provided also, and be it further enabled, That when such Money under Money or Recompence so to be paid to the said Dean and Chapter as lall mentioned shall be less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then chapter, and in all such cases the fame shall be paid to the said Dean and Chapter, and their Succeffors, and for their own absolute Ufe and Benefit: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained touch- Not to prevent ing the Payment and Invellment of the Money, or Recompence for ^^m^,^ncr3 ' the Purchafe of MelTuagcs or Tenements, Lands, Grounds f or purriiak-Moiiey Hereditaments, belonging to the said Dean and Chapter, shall prevent belonging to or be conilrued to prevent the said CommilTioners of the Forty sixth Dean and Chap. Year aforesaid from paying the fame, in such manner, and under such ter in manner Dire&ions and Reilridtions, and subject to such Controul of the d£CQ ed High Court of Chancery as are contained in the said Adi of the 4	^

Forty sixth Year aforesaid, touching and concerning the Payment and Application of Purchafe Money for MelTuagcs or Tenements, Lands,

Ground and Hereditaments to be purchased for the Purpofes of such Improvements as aforesaid, if they the said Commifiioners, or any Three of them, shall deem it advifeable to pay the fame, under the Directions of the said Adi of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, ijillead of the Diredlions contained in this present Adi.

* XVII. And Whereas in or about the Year One thousand eight

*	hundred and twelve the Commifiioners under the said Adi of the

1 Forty sixth Year aforesaid did agree to grant to George Holme 46 P 3 c. 89.

*	Sumner of Great George Street Westminster, Esquire, a Lcafe of

* a Plot of Ground, Twenty three Feet in Front, next Prince*s

* Mews% including the whole of the Weftern Wall and Half the

*	Eallern Party Wall, by Twenty Feet Four Inches parallel Depth

*	from out to out of Walls, the Back Dimenfions being about Thirty

*	two Feet, situate at the South Well Angle of the said Mews,

*	and numbered I. on the Plan for the Improvements aforesaid, for € a Term of Ninety three Years and Three Quarters of a Year,

*	from Midjummer One thousand eight hundred and twelve, at a

*	Pepper Corn Rent, and also to pay him the Sum of Three hundred

*	and sixty Pounds, by way of Compenfation for his Interell pur-€ chafed by the said Commifiioners and conveyed to them, of and in a € Two Stall Stable and Coach House, and Piece of Ground at the

*	Ea& End of Prince's Mews aforesaid, at the Back of certain

*	Houfe8 formerly Handing on the West: Side of Little George Street,

4 within the Liberty of Westminster: And’Whereas the said Sum

3 F 4	1	of





8o8

Treasury to deni k* Piece ot Ground to G. H. Sumner, Efq to build a Coach House, &c. in lieu of Piece of Ground wanted for other Purpoles.

Public A&.

43G.j. c.ijj.

0.154,155.	54*GEO.III.	A.D.1814.

*	of Three hundred and sixty Pounds hath accordingly been paid to 4 the said George Holme Sumner by the said Commiflioners, in part

*	Performance of their said Agreement, but no Leafc hath been

*	granted to him of the said Piece or Parcel of Ground so agreed to 4 be demised to him as aforesaid: And Whereas the Piece or Parcel 4 of Ground so agreed to be demised to the said George Holme Sumner 4 will be wanted for the Purpofe of the said recited A As of the Forty 4 sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or of this Act, and it is 4 therefore expedient that a Leafe should be granted to the said 4 George Holme Sumner of some other Piece or Parcel of Ground, in 4 lieu of the said Piece or Parcel of Ground so agreed to be demised 4 to him as aforesaid Be it therefore further enaAed by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Trcasurer, or the Commiflioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Trcafurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, at any time after the palfing of this AA, with the Confent of the Commiilioners under the said A A of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any Three or more of them, by Indenture to grant or demise any such Piece or Parcel of Ground already purchased or hereafter to be pure ha fed by the said last mentioned Com mi (boners, under the said A As of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, or either of them, or this A A, as may be chosen by the said Commiflioners, and approved of by the said George Holme Sumner, his Executors or Adminiflrators, unto the said George Holme Sumner, his Executors, Adminiflrators and Afligns, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding the Term of Ninety three Years and Three Quarters, from Midfummer One thousand eight hundred and twelve, at a Pepper Corn Rent, and under and fubjeA to such Covenants for building a Coach House and Stable, and keeping the fame in Repair, and such other Covenants, Coitions, ReftriAions and Agreements, as the Lord High Trcasurer, or the Commiflioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them shall approve.

XVIII.	And be it further enaAed by the Authority aforesaid. That this A A shall be deemed and taken to be a Public A A, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Julliccs and other Pcrfons whomsoever, without specially pleading the fame.

CAP. CLV.

An A& to repeal an AA for establishing Regulations refpec-ing Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain cases; and for substituting other Provisions, until the End of the next Sellion of Parliament, in lieu thereof.

[29th July 1814.]

4 TT^HEREAS an AA was passed in the Forty third Year of

•	VV His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to repeal an A3 4 passed in the lajl SeJJion of Parliament, for ejlablifhing Regulations 4 respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein ; and 1 for ejlablfhing, until Three Months after the Ratification cf a € Definitive Treaty of Peace, Regulations respecting Aliens arriving g in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases : And Whereas

•	it is expedient that the said A A should be repealed, and that 4 other Provifions should be made in lieu thereof y9 Be it therefore

enaAed



A.D. 1814*

54* GEO. HI.

C.155.	809

enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confentof theJLords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said A& shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, repealed.

II.	And be it enabled, That when and so often as His Majesty, Aliens not de-his Heirs and Succeffors, ftiall, by His or their Proclamation, or by parting Realm His or their Order in Couneil, or Order under His or their Sign when ordered Manual, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gover- Proclamation, nors, and the Privy Council of that Part of this Realm or United l0 Gao?™11* Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, shall, by Pro-clamation, or by Order of Couneil, direct that any Alien or Aliens

who may be within this Realm, or who may hereafter arrive therein, shall depart this Realm within a time limited in any such Proclamation or Order respectively; and any such Alien shall knowingly and wilfully refuse or negleA to pay due Obedience to such Proclamation or Order refpettively, or shall be found in this Realm or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order as the case may be 5 it shall be lawful for any of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor	^

or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or fo* any Juftice Mayor or Chief Magiftrate of the Peace, or for any of any City or Place, to cause every such Alien to be arrested, and to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he or {he shall be so arrested; there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or {he shall be taken in charge for the Purpofe of being sent out of the Realm, under the Authority hereinafter given for that Purpofe.

III.	And be it further enacted, That every such Alien, so know- Aliensdifobey-ingly and wilfully refusing or neglecting to pay due Obedience to i«S Proclama-any such Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or being found in this t1001**0* Realm, or any Part thereof, contrary to such Proclamation or Order,

and who shall be lawfully convicted thereof in His Majefty’s Court

of King’s Bench in Westminster, or in Dublin, or in any Court of

Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery in England or Ireland, or Great

Sefiions in lVales9 or Court of Jufticiary in Scotland, may, at the

Difcretion of such Courts respectively, be adjudged to suffer Impri-

fonment for any time not exceeding One Month for the first Offence, Imprifonmene.

and not exceeding Twelve Months for the second and any fubfequent

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Aliens given in any One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or the Charge by War-Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or ”^tate coit^ his or their Chief Secretary, in any case in which he or they shall veVed out of apprehend that any Alien will not pay immediate Obedience to any Kingdom, such Proclamation or Order as aforesaid, or in any case when any Alien shall have been arrested or committed for Refufal or Negle& to obey any such Order, or shall have been convicted of such Refufal or Negled, and either before or after such Alien shall have fuf-fered the Puniftimcnt infti&ed for the fame, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to ^5te such Alien in Charge to One of His Majefty’s Meffengers, or to any other Perfon or Perlons to whom he {half think proper to direct such Warrant, in order to his Or her being conducted out of the Kingdom, and such Alien shall be so conveyed accord-

Offence.

8to

A.D.1814-

Sufficient Rea-f'*' given for not complying with Vrov. m ition, &c. Privy Council may allow lame.

Matters of Vef-fels on Arrival to declare in Writing to Officer of C attorn* Number of Aliens on board, specifying Names and De-fcriptions.

Matter neglecting to make Declaration. Penalty.

Not to extend to Mariners certified to be em-

C. 155.	54* GEO. III.

ingly : Provided always, that where such Alieri (not having been convicted as aforefaid) shall allege any Excufe for not complying with such Proclamation or Order, or any Reafon why such Proclamation or Order ffiotild not be enforced, or why further time ihould be allowed him for complying therewith, it shall be lawful for the Lords of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Great Britain or Ireland to fudge of the Sufficiency of such Excufe or Reafon, and to allow or disallow the fame either absolutely or on such Conditions as they' shall think fit ; and where such Alien shall be in Cuftody under such Warrant of any of H is M jjefty’s Secretaries of State as aforesaid, the MefTenger or other Pt rfon in whose Cullody he shall be, forthwith upon its being fignilied to him that such Excufe or Reafon is alleged by such Alien, make known the fame to the said Secretary of State, who upon receiving such Notification, or in any case in which he shall be informed that any Inch Excufe or Reafon is alleged by or on behalf of any Alien, under Proclamation or Order to quit the Realm, shall forthwith suspend the Execution of such Proclamation or Order, until the Matter can be heard before the said Lords of His Majt lly,i said Privy C ouneil; and such Alien, if in Cullody under any such Warrant, shall remain in such Cullody until the said Lords shall have signified iheir Determination thereon, unless in the mean time the said Secretary shall consent to, or the said Lords ffiall make Order for the Releafe of such Alien, either with or without Security.

V.	And be it further ena6led, That the Mailer or Commander of every Ship or Vefiel which ffiall arrive in any Port or Place of this Realm, ffiall immediately on his Arrival declare in Writing to the Officer of the Cufloms especially appointed for that Purpofe by the respective Commissioners of Culloms in England, Ireland and Scotland respectively, or by any of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, at or near such Port or Place, whether there are or is to the bed of his Knowledge any Alien or Aliens on board his said Vefiel, or who have to his Knowledge landed or been landed therefrom; and ffiall in his said Declaration fpedfy the Number of Aliens (if any) on board his said Vefiel, or who have to his Knowledge landed or been so landed therefrom, and also fpe-cify their Names and respective Rank, Occupation or Description, as far as he ffiall be informed thereof.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the Mafter or Commander of every Ship or Vefiel so arriving at aforesaid, who ffiall refuse or neglect to make such Declaration as aforesaid, ffiall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for each and every Alien who ffiall have been on board at the time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vefiel, or who ffiall have to his Knowledge landed or been landed therefrom as aforesaid, whom he ffiall wilfully have refuted or neglected to declare as aforesaid; and in case such Mailer or Commander as aforesaid ffiall negle6l or refuse forthwith to pay such Penalty as he ffiall be adjudged to pay in manner aforesaid, it ffiaQ be lawful for the Officer of the Cufloms so appointed as aforesaid, to detain such Ship or Vefiel as aforesaid until the fame ffiall have beet paid.

VII.	Provided always, aad be k further enacted. That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be coaftroed to extend to any

Mariner

v^ooQle

A.D. 1814.

811

54" GEO. HI.	C.	155.

Mariner whom the Mailer or Commander of any Ship or VefTel arriv- ployed in owing in any Port or Place in this Realm shall certify to such Officer of Salin2 the Culloms as aforesaid, in Writing, fubferibed by such Mailer or Commander, to be actually engaged and employed in the Navigation of such Ship or Vcfft-1, during the time that such Mariner shall remain so actually engaged and employed ; and which Certificate in Certificate.

, Writing, so fubferibed as aforesaid, every such Mailer or Commander as aforesaid is hereby required to give.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Alien who shall Aliens on Arri-arrive in this Realm at any Port or Place therein after the palling and on De-of this Ad, shall, immediately after such Arrival, declare in Writing Parture lor d

to such Officer of the Culloms a9 aforesaid, at or near such Port or ^officer of^

Place, the Name of the Ship or VefTel *in which he or Ihe shall have Cuftoms,

come to this Country 5 and every Alien who shall so arrive, and also Njmes,ficc. *

every Alien who shall depart from any Port or Place of this Realm,

after the palling of this Ad, shall immediately after such Arrival or

before such Departure refpcdively, declare in like manner to fuch

Officer as aforesaid, his or her Name and Rank, Occupation or

Description, or if a Domcllic Servant, then also the Name, Rank

and Defcription of his or her Mafler or Mistress, or shall verbally

make to such Officer as aforesaid such Declaration, to be by him

reduced to Writing; and shall also in like manner declare the Coun*

try or Place from whence he or Ihe shall then have come, and the

Place to which he or she is then going, his or her Profeffion or

Occupation, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon to

whom (if any) he or she is known ; and that every such Alien com* Aliens arriving,

ing into this Realm, who shall neglect to make Declaration of the ne^ling.to

aforesaid Particulars, or who shall wilfully make any false Declara- Jjon^or making

tion thereof, may for every such Offence, on Convidion thereof in a false one, &c.

His Majefly’s Court of King’s Bench at WcfhninRcr or in Dublin, or Imprifonment.

in any Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery in England or

Ireland, or Great Seffions in Wales, or Jufliciary Court in Scotland,

be imprisoned for ar.y time not exceeding Three Months, or may at

the Difcretion of such Court be adjudged to depart out of this

Realm, and all other Hi9 Majelly’s Dominions, within a time to be

limited in such Judgment; and if he or she shall be found therein Imprifonment.

after such time in such Judgment so limited, without lawful Cause,

he or she shall, being duly convicted thereof, be imprisoned for any

Term not exceeding Twelve Months.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Officer of the Culloms Officer of Cuf-

so appointed as aforesaid, to whom such Declaration shall be made,	to rcg,fter

or Particulars delivered as aforesaid, shall immediately reghler the	aratloa*

fame in a Book, to be kept by him for that Purpofe 5 in which

Book Certificates shall be printed in Blank, and Counterparts thereof in the Form following:



54° GEO. ID.

A.D.1814.

812

Form of Cer tilicate.

Form of Counterpart.

Aliens (except Dome flic Servants) within One Week after Arrival, to produce Certificates to Chief Magif-trate of Place, or where Certificate is loft;

C.I SS'

Ship’s  Name.	Alien’s Name and Description.	From  whence.	Whither  going.	Prosession,  &c.	To whom known.	CB  V.  C3  a  cd
						
	bbbbhb				/UOUUvUvvl	
Ship’s I Name*	Alien’s Name and Description.	From  whence.	Whither  going.	Prosession,  &c.	To whom known.	
						

And (Kali insert therein the several Particulars by this Aft required, in their proper Columns, in both Parts thereof expressing such Particulars as shall be inserted in the Column of Remarks, which shall be entered only in One of such Columns; and shall then and there cut off One Part thereof through the Flo\xri(h or Device between the Two Parts thereof, and deliver without Fee or other Charge, One Part, containing all the Particulars contained, excepting such thereof as shall be contained in the Column of Remarks, to tne Alien who shall have made such Declaration or delivered such Particulars, according to the Provifions of this Ad; and the Officer keeping or having the Care of such Book shall also enter or cause to be entered therein an Alphabetical Lid and Index of the Names of the Aliens, in respect of whom such Entries shall be made therein as aforesaid.

X.	And be it further enacted, That every Alien arriving in this Realm after the pafling of this Ad, except such Domeffic Servants as aforesaid, shall, within One Week after his or her arriving at the Place which shall be expressed in the Certificate, delivered to him or her as aforesaid, as the rlace to which he or (he proposes to go, produce such Certificate to the Chief Magiffrate of the Town or Place in which he or (he shall be; and if there be no Chief Magiffrate in such Town or Place, then and in such case, to some One of the Juf-tices of the Peace in and for the County, City, Town orDiffrid, in

winch





A.D.i8i4«

54° GEO. III.	C.	155.	813

which such Alien shall be, or to such Perfon or Perfons as shall be deliver in an authorized to that Effe£t by such Chief Magiftrate or Juftice, as the Account of case may be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal 5 or in case such 1 artlculars* Certificate shall be loft, shall deliver a full and true Account of all the Particulars that shall have been contained in such Certificate; and that every such Alien as aforesaid, who shall so neglect or refuse to produce such Certificate as aforesaid, or deliver such Account as aforesaid, or who shall wilfully deliver any false Account to such Magiftrate or Juftice respecting any of the Particulars hereinbefore mentioned, on Conviction thereof before any Two of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Diftrid, in which such Alien shall be, may be adjudged, at the Difcretion of such Justices, for the First Offence to suffer Imprifonment for any time Imprifonment. not exceeding One Month.

XI.	And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor Mayors,fcc. to and Mayors, or any One or more of the Aldermen of the Cities of transmit to Se-JLondon and Dublin, and for any One or more of His Majesty *s Juf- cretary of State, tices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, Aecount of being specially authorized by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secre-

taries of State, or by such Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or generally authorized by Order of His Majesty in Couneil, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or other Magiftrate or Magistrates of any City, Borough or Town Corporate, so authorized, to cause any Alien whom he or they shall have Caufe to suspect to be a dangerous Perfon, to be taken into Cuftody and examined, and either to discharge or detain such Alien in Cuftody as shall appear advifeable; and if it shall appear fit to detain such Alien in Cuftody, it shall be lawful for such Mayor, Aldermen or Chief Magiftrate or other Magiftrate or Magistrates, or such Juftice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order such Alien to be detained in Cuftody until His Majefty’s Pleafure shall be known, there to remain without Bail or Maiuprize: Provided nevertheless, Provifo. in every such case, every such Mayor, Alderman, Chief Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, shall, and he and they is and are hereby directed and required, forthwith to transmit an Account of his or their Proceedings touching such Alien, and of the Reafons for which he shall have thought fit to detain such Alien, to One of Hia Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in order and to the end that His Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, may determine what may be fit to be done thereon ; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by Warrant under His Sign Manual, or for such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor, by Order under his Hand, or by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of His Principal Secretaries of State, or the Secretary of such Lord JLieutenant or Chief Governor, either to direct that such Alien shall l>e discharged, or ordered out of the Kingdom.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Certificate issued to Justices to grant

auiy Alien by virtue of this A& shall be loft, mislaid or destroyed, Certificates in and such Alien shall produce to One of His Majefty’s Justices of the	*

3Peace, from the Officers of the Cuftoms so appointed as aforesaid, at 012	*	c*

*:he Port where such Alien shall have arrived, or from the Office of

One of His Majefty’g Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Office

of

814	C. i	55.

54° GEO. III.	A.D.	1814-

Officer of Customs, kc. to whom Certificates prouiu'ed to transmit Copies of Entries, Sec. to Secretary of State, &c.

of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, a Copy of the Certificate so loft, mislaid or destroyed, and shall make it appear to the Satisfa&ion of such Juftice, that he or (he is the Perfon named in such Certificate, and that the fame has been loft, mislaid or destroyed, without his or her wilful Negled or Default, it shall and may be lawful for such Juftice, and he is hereby required, to grant to such Alien a fresh Certificate, which shall be of the like Force and Effed as the Certificate so loft, mislaid or destroyed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Cuftom House Officer shall forthwith, and every Magiflrate or Juftice to whom any such Certificate or Account shall be produced or delivered as aforesaid, shall forthwith after the fame shall have been so produced or delivered as aforesaid, transmit, if in Great Britain, to One of His Majefty’i Principal Secretaries of State, and if in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, true and exact Copies of all such Entries, Certificates and Accounts, respectively made by or delivered to any such Cuftom House Officer, Magiflrate or Juftice respectively, by virtue of this

a a.

Fee taken for granting Certificates.

Penally.

Officers of Cuf-to.'.is neglecting to make Entry,

SCCm

Penalty.

Forging, &c. PaH'ports or Certificates.

Imprilonment.

Ambaflactors, ftc. not deemed Aliens.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That all Certificates hereinbefore required to be given by any Officer of the Cuftoms appointed for that Purpose, or by any Juftice or Justices of the Peace or other Magiflrates respectively, shall be given without any Fee or Reward whatsoever 5 and every such Officer of the Cuftoms, or Magitirate, or Juftice of the Peace, or other Perfon who shall take any Fee or Reward, or Sum of Money of any Alien, for any Certificate or other Matter or Thing under this A d, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds 5 and every Officer of the Cuftoms appointed for that Purpofe as aforesaid, who (nail refuse or neglect to make any such Entry as aforesaid, or grant any Certificate thereon in purfe-ance of the Provifions of this A 61, or shall knowingly make any falfie Entry, or neglect to return the Copies thereof in manner directed by this Ad, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon (haU wilfully forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or shall utter, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited or altered, any Certificate herein directed to be obtained, or (hafi obtain any such Certificate under any other Name or Defcriptioa than the true Name and Defcription of such Alien (without dif-clofing to the Perfon granting such Certificate the true Name and Defcription of such Alien, and the Reafon for concealing the fame) or shall falsely pretend to be the Perfon intended to be named and deferred in any such Certificate; every Perfon so offending, being lawfully convi£ted thereof, shall suffer Imprifonment in tne Common Gaol for any time not exceeding One Year.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Foreign Ambaffador or other Public Miniiler duly authorized, nor the Domeftic Servants of any such Foreign Ambaffador or Public Minifter, registered as such according to the Diredions of the Laws in force for that Purpose, or being adhially attendant upon such Ambaffador or Minifter, shall be deemed an Alien within the Meaning of this Ad: Provided also, that nothing in this Ad contained





A. D. 1814*

815

540 GEO. III.

C.155.

not more thin 14 Years old. Proof whether Perfon is or is not an Alien to

Justices of Courts of Weft-miniter or Dublin, &c. may to

shall affect any Alien, in respect of any Aft done or omitted to be A£ not toe*-done, who shall make it appear that he or (he was not above the Age *e"d tor^J^ of Fourteen Years at the time when such Aft was so done or omitted """* ' to be done : Provided always, that if any Quedion shall arise, whether any Perfon alleged to be an Alien, and subject to the Provifions of this Aft, or any of them, is an Alien or not, or is or is not an Alien subject to the said Provisions, or any of them, the Proof that he on Party such Perfon is, or by Law is to be deemed to be, a natural born Subject of His Majedy, or Denizen of this Kingdom, or naturalized by Aft of Parliament, or if an Alien, is not subject to the Provifions in this Aft contained, or any of them, by reason of any Exception contained in this Aft, or which shall be exprcfied in any Proclamation or Order in Council as afore said, or in any Special Warrant from One of His Majelty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary as aforesaid, shall lie on the Perfon so alleged to be an Alien, and to be subject to the Provifions of this Aft, some or one of them.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case in which Power is given by this Aft to commit any Alien to Gaol without Bail or Mainprize, it shall and may be lawful for any Judices of His Majcfty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler ^m^AUtns or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Britain or Ireland, Bail; being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Judice Clerk

or any of the Commifiioners of Judiciary in Scotland, if upon Application made he shall fee sufficient Cause, to admit such Perfon to Bail, he or (he giving sufficient Security for his or her Appearance to answer the Matters alleged againd him or her.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall as may also any

be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace to admit any Alien to Bail, Juft‘ce> by Au-who shall have been committed by virtue of this Aft, such Judice [ary of Sta^e^6" being authorized so to do by Warrant of One of His Majedy’s Prin-	“	3	*

cipal Secretaries of State, or of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary,

for that Purpose, specifying the Security to be taken by such Judice.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases concerning the Qaeftions ari-JExecution of this Aft, when any Quedion shall arise, whether any p^fon Perfon is or is not an Alien born, not having obtained Letters Patent not^an AP-n1** of Denization, nor having been naturalized by Aft of Parliament, is Domeitic Ser-or is not such a Domedic Servant as aforesaid, the Proof of being a vant, &c. Proof natural born Subjeft of His Majedy, his Heirs and Succeffors, or t0 he on Party, of being a Denizen by Letters Patent, or of Naturalization by Aft

of Parliament, or of being such a Domedic Servant as aforesaid, shall lie upon the Perfon touching whom such Quedion shall so arise.

XX.	Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That where any Aliens having Alien, who shall have been committed under this Aft, to remain until been in Cuftody he or (he shall be taken in Charge for the Purpofe of being sent out Two Months, in of the Realm, shall not be sent out of the Realm within Two Calen- order be lent dar Months after such Commitment, it shall in every such case be j uUices of lawful for any of the Judices of His Majedy’s Courts of Record at Courts, fcc. on Wejhninjier or in Dublin, or for any of the Barons in Great Britain Proof made that or Ireland^ being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Juf- Notice had been tice Clerk or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary in Scotland, or ^en

for any Two of His Majedy’s Judices of the Peace in any Part of ^ry of State,

the may either con-

,	Digitized	by	

tinue in Cuftody or discharge Aliens.

Aliens quilting France on account of late Troubles, not liable to be arretted for Debit contrailed beyond Seas, other than Dominions His Majesty.

Penalties, how recovered and applied.

Certiorari, Sec•

ParUhioners Witnestes, though Part of Penalty given to Poor.

C. 155.	540	GEO.	III.	A.D.1814.

the United Kingdom, upon Application made to him or them, by or on the behalf of the Perfon so committed, and upon Proof made to him or them that reasonable Notice of the Intention to make such Application had been given to fomeor One of His Majefty’g Principal Secretaries of State in Great Britain, or to the Lord Lieutenant, or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, according to his or their Difcretion to order the Perfon so committed to be continued in or discharged out of Cuftody.

XXL And be it further enacted, That Aliens abiding in this Kingdom, who have heretofore quitted their respective Countries by reason of any Revolution or Troubles in France, ©r in Countries conquered by the Arms of France, shall not be liable to be anrested, imprisoned or held to Bail, or to find any Caution for their forthcoming or paying any Debt, nor to be taken in Execution on any Judgment, nor by any Caption, for or by reason of any Debt, or other Caufe of Aftion, contrafted or arising in any Parts beyond toe Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majesty, while such Aliens were not within the said Dominions of His Majesty ; and in cast any such Aliens shall have been, or shall be arrested, imprisoned or held to Bail, or taken in Execution on a Judgment, or by Caption, contrary to the Intent of this Aft, such Alien shall be discharged therefrom by Order of any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlmtnjler or Dublin, or of the Court of Seffion in Scotland, or of any Judge of such Courts in Vacation time.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties by this Aft imposed, exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, shall be recovered by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Courts of Great Sefiion in fVa/ee, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chcjler> Lancaster and Durham, or by Aftion or furo-mary Bill or Information in the Courts of Judiciary or Exchequer in Scotland, as the case shall require ; wherein no Effoin, Privilege, Proteftion or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance (hail be allowed; and all pecuniary Penalties by this Ad imposed, cot exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, shall, on Conviftion of the Offender upon Oath before any Juftice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Town or Place, where the Offence (hail be committed, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Jufbce, rendering to such Offender the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after dedufting the Charges of such Diftrefs and Sale j and for want of sufficient Distress, such Juftice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding^ SteWartry, City, Town or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; and that no Writ of Certiorari, or of Advocation or Sufpension, shall be allowed to remove the Proceedings of the said Juftice, touching the pecuniary Penalties aforesaid, or to supersede or suspend Execution or other Proceeding thereupon.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of any Parilh, Townftiip or Place, shall be deemed and taken to be competent Witnefles for the Purpofe of proving the' Commiifion of any Offence against this Aft, within the Limits of such Pariih, Townfhip or Place, notwithstanding any Part of the Penalty incurred

LjOOQ le

A.D. 1814.	54° GEO. III.	C. 15$, 15&

curred by such Offence is given or applicable to the Poor of such Pari fa, Town ship or Place.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Persons faall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance or by colour of this Ad, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such A&ion or Profecution /hall be commenced within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence shall be committed; and such Perfon or Per-fons /Hall and may plead the General lfsue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdid shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs /hall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue his or their Suit or Profecution, or if Judgment be given for the Defendant or Defendants, upon Demurrer or otherwise, such Defendant or Defendants /hall have Treble Cofls, to him or them awarded again ft; the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXV.	Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted. That the Powers and Authority given by this Ad to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, or to the Privy Council of Ireland) shall not extend or be held or deemed to extend to the case of any Alien arriving or being in that Part of this Realm or United Kingdom called Great Britain ; and that the Powers and Authority given by tbit Ad to any Juft ice of the Peace, Mayot or Chief Magiftrate of ahy City, Town or Place, shall not extend or be construed to extend to give to such Magistrates any Authority to ad beyond the Limits of their respective Jurifdidions; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted. That this Ad /hall continue in force until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Ad, or any of the Provifions therein contained, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be passed in this present Seffion of Parliament.

•17

Limitation of Attiant.

General lffue.

Treble Cofts.

Powers given to Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, ice. not to extend to case of Aliens arriving in G. B. Magistrates ailing within Limits of Juril'di&ious.

Continuance of

A6L

Alt altered, See.

CAP. CLVI.

An AS to artierid the several Ads for the Encouragement cff Learning, by securing the Copies and Copyright of Printed Books, to the Authors of such Books or their Afligns.

[29th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Ad, made in the Eighth Year of the 8 Ann. c.19. Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An AS « for the Encouragement of Learning, by vejling the Copies of Printed « Books in the Authors or Pur chafers offuch Copies, during the Times « therein mentioned (a), it was, among other things, provided and « enacted. That Nine Copies of each Book or Books, upon the beft	$ $♦

* Paper, that, from and after the Tenth Day of April One thousand «- (even hundred and ten, should be printed and publiftied as in the « farid Ad mentioned, or reprinted and publifaed with Additions,

« should by the Printer and Printers thereof, be delivered to the Wurehoufekeeper of the Company of Stationers for the time being, he Hall ox the said Company, before such Publication made,

(n) [Sifif G. 3.r. 53..# 6.]

54 Geo. HI.	j	G	*	foi



*iS

4i0.3.(U.K ) c. 107.

§6.

repealed.

Eleven printed Copies delivered on Demand within Twelve Month* after Publication, for Ufe of Public Libraries.

C. 156.	54* GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

*	for the Ufe of the Royal Library, the Libraries of the Universities

*	of Oxford and Cambridge, the Libraries of the Four Univerfities in

*	Scotland, the Library of Sion College in London, and the Library

*	of the Faculty of Advocates at Edinburgh ; which said Ware-4 housekeeper is by the said A& required to deliver such Copies for 4 the Ufe of the said Libraries; and that if any Proprietor, Book-4 feller or Printer, or the said Warehousekeeper, should not observe 4 the Dire&ions of the said A& therein, that then he or they so 4 making Default in not delivering the said printed Copies, should 4 forfeit, besides the Value of the said printed Copies, the Sum of 4 Five Pounds for every Copy not so delivered: And Whereas by 4 an A& made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His prefest 4 Majesty, intituled An AB for the further Encouragement of Lcam-4 ing in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by securing 4 the Copies and Copyright of Printed Books to the Authors of such 4 Books or their A/signs, for the Time herein mentioned, it is, amo..gd 4 other things, provided and enacted, That in Addition to the Ku-J 4 Copies required by Law to be delivered to the Warehoufekeeper 4 of the said Company of Stationers, of each and every Book and 4 Books which shall be entered in the Regifter Books of the said 4 Company, Two other Copies shall in like manner be delivered for 4 the Ufe of the Library of the College of the Holy Trinity, and the 4 Library of the Society of the Kings Inns in Dublin, by the Printer 4 and Printers of all and every such Book and Books as should there-4 after be printed and published, and the Title of the Copyright 4 whereof mould be entered in the said Regifter Book of the laid 4 Company: And Whereas it is expedient that Copies of Book* 4 hereafter printed or publiftied, should be delivered to the Libraria 4 hereinafter mentioned, with the Modifications that shall be provided 4 by this A Pij* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That so much of the said feveval recited A&s of the Eighth Year of Queen Anne, and of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, as requires that any Copy or Copies of any Book or Books which shall be printed or pubbthed or reprinted and published with Additions shall be delivered by the Printer or Printers thereof to the Warehoufekeeper of the (aid Company of Stationers for the Ufe of any of the Libraries in the said A& mentioned, and as requires the Delivery of the said Copies by the said Warehoufekeeper for the Ufe of the said Libraries, and as imposes any Penalty on such Printer or Warehoufekeeper for not delivering the said Copies, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enacted, That Eleven printed Copies of the whole of every Book and of every Volume tWeof, upon the Paper upon which the larged Number or Impreffion of such Book shall be printed for Sale, together with all Maps and Prints belonging thereto, which, from and after the passing of this A&, shall be printed and published, on Demand thereof being made in Writing to or left at the Place of Abode of the PubB(her or PublHhert thereof, at any time within Twelve Months next after the Publication thereof, under the Hand of the Warehoufekeeper of the Company of Stationers, or the Librarian or other Perfoa thereto authorized



rized by the Perfons or Body Politic and Corporate, Proprietors or Managers of the Libraries following ; videlicet, the British Mufeumy Sion Coliege, the Bodleian Library at Oxford9 the Public Library at Cambridgey the Library of the Faculty of Advocates at Edinburgh the Libraries of the Four Univerfities of Scotland\ Trinity College Library, and the King's Inns Library at Dublin^ or so many of such Eleven Copies as shall be respectively demanded on behalf of such Libraries respectively, shall be delivered by the Publifher or Publilhers thereof respectively within One Month after Demand made thereof in Writing as aforesaid, to the Warehoufekeeper of the said Company of Stationers for the time being; which Copies ' the said Warehoufekeeper shall and he is hereby required to receive at the Hall of the said Company, for the Ufe of the Library for which such Demand shall be made, within such Twelve Months as aforesaid; and the said Warehoufekeeper is hereby required within One Month after any such Book or Volume shall be so delivered to him as aforesaid, to deliver the fame for the Ufe of such Library : And if any Publilher, or the Warehoufekeeper of the said Publilhers, &c. Company of Stationers, shall not observe the Diredions of this Ad neglecting, therein, that then he and they so making Default in not delivering or receiving the said Eleven printed Copies as aforesaid, shall forfeit he(ide8 the Value of the said printed Copies, the Sum of Five Pounds Penalty, for each Copy not so delivered or received, together with the full Cofts of Suit 5 the fame to be recovered by the Perfon or Perfons, or Body Politic or Corporate, Proprietors or Managers of the Library for the Ufe whereof such Copy or Copies ought to have been delivered or received 5 for which Penalties and Value such Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, is or are now hereby authorized to sue by Adion of Debt or other proper Adion in any Court of Record in the United Kingdom.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no such No Copies of printed Copy or Copies shall be demanded by or delivered to or for Second,&c; the Ufe of any of the Libraries hereinbefore mentioned, of the Second Edition or M-Edition, or of any subsequent Edition of any Book or Books so de- teration, demanded and delivered as aforesaid, unless the fame shall contain Ad- manded; ditions or Aiterations: And in case any Edition after the First, of Additions any Book so demanded and delivered as aforesaid, shall contain any printed, and de-Addition or Aiteration, no printed Copy or Copies thereof shall be Kvered feparnc. demanded or delivered as aforesaid, if a printed Copy of such Additions or Alterations only, printed in an uniform manner with the former Edition of such Book, be delivered to each of the Libraries aforesaid, for whose Ufe a Copy of the former Edition shall have been demanded and delivered as aforesaid: Provided also, that the Provifo for Copy of every Book that shall be demanded by the British Mufeumy» BritHh Mufeum. shall be delivered of the belt Paper on which such Work shall be printed.

4 IV. And Whereas by the said recited Ads of the Eighth Year g ^nn. c. 19.

4 of Queen Anniy and the Forty first: Year of His present Majefty's § 1.

4 Reign, it is enacted, that the Author of any Book or Books, and 4*	3- (U K )

• the Affignee or Affigns of such Author respectively, should have c l°7* §*•

4 the foie Liberty of printing and reprinting such Book or Books for 4 the Term of Fourteen Years, to commence from the Day of first 4 publiihing the fame, and no longer; and it was provided, that 4 after the Expiration of the said Term of Fourteen Years, the

3 G 2	4	Right





C. 156.

54* GEO. HI.



tnftead oi Copyright for 14 Years, and contingently for 14 more, Authors, &e. shall have a8 Years* Copyright in Works and for Refidue of Life.

Bookfeliers, &c. in any Part of United Kingdom, or Brttifh Dominions, who shall print, Sec. any Book, without Conftnt of Proprietor, liable to A&ion for Damages.

Tensity.

Penalty.

* Right of printing or disposing of Copies should return to the 4 Authors thereof, if they were then living, for another Term of j 4 Fourteen Years: And Whereas it will afford further Encourage-4 ment to Literature, if the Duration of such Copyright were a*

4 tended in manner hereinafter mentionedBe it further eroded. That, from and after the palling of this Ad* the Author of m Book or Books composed and not printed and publrihed* or whisk shall hereafter be composed, and be printed and published, and hi Afiignee or Afiigns* shall have the foie Liberty of printing aod reprinting such Book or Books for the full Term of Twenty eight Year.;, to commence from the Day of first publifhiog the fame, ui also, if the Author shall be living at the End of tnat Period, k the Re fi due of his natural Life; and that if any Bookfdlern Printer, or other Pcrfon whatsoever, in any Part of the UnU Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Ides of Maa, Jerk or Guern/ey, or in any other Part of the Brittfh Dominions, (Ul from and after the pamng of this Ad, within the Terms and Tim granted and limited by this Ad as aforesaid, print, reprint or * port, or shall cause to be printed* reprinted or imported* any (ash Book or Books, without the Confent of the Author or Authors, * other Proprietor or Proprietors of theCopyright of aod in lack Book and Books* first had and obtained in Writing; or, knowaf the fame to be so printed* reprinted or imported* without such Co* feat of such Author or Authors* or other Proprietor or Prop* tors* shall fell, publish or expose to Sale* or cause to be fold, pah lifted or exposed to Sale* or shall have in his or their Pofleffiwfc Sale, any such Book or Books, without such Confent first had ad obtained as aforesaid, then such Offender or Offenders shall be liabk to a Special Adion on the Cafe, at the Suit of the Author * Authors, or other Proprietor or Proprietors of the Copyright i such Book or Books so unlawfully printed* reprinted or imported,* pubiifhed or exposed to Sale* or being in the Poffeffion of such Ok fender or Offenders for Sale as aforefaid* contrary to the true late* and Meaning of this Ad: And every such Author or Authors,* other Proprietor or Proprietors* shall and may* by and in such fpadpL Adion upon the Cafe* to be so brought against such Offend* * Offenders* in any Court of Record in that Part of the said Until Kingdom, or of the British Dominions* in which the Offence Hal be committed, recover such Damages as the Jury on the Trial d such Adion, or on the Execution of a Writ of Enquiry theredfc shall give or affess, together with Double Cofts of Suit; in whisk Adion no Wager of Law, Effoin, Privilege or Protedioo, nor on* than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and all and every (ink Offender and Offenders shall also forfeit such Book.or Books* arid and every Sheet being Part of such Book or Books* and shall dekv* the fame to the Author or Authors* or other Proprietor or Pi% prietors of the Copyright of such Book or Books* upon Order af any Court of Record in which any Adion or Suit in Law or Eqtilp shall be commenced or prosecuted by such Author or Authors, oi other Proprietor or Proprietors, to be made on Morion or PetMl to the said Court; and the-(aid Author or Authors or other Fttf prietor or Proprietors shall forthwith, damaik or. make WaffePsp® of the said Book or Books and Sheet or Sheets; and all and every such Offender and Offenders; shall alfo	1391

621

i AD. 1814.	j4°	GEO*	HI;	C.15	6.

g pence for every Sheet thereof, either printed or printing, or pub-f] lifted or exposed to Sale, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning a of this A&; the one Moiety thereof to The King’s Moft Excel--1 lent Majesty, his Heirs and Succefibrs, and the other Moiety thereof fit to any Perfon or Perfons who shall sue for the fame, in any such Court of Record, by AAion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information,

„ in which no Wager of Law, Effoin, Privilege or Prote&ion, nor ji more than One Imparlance shall be allowed 2 Provided always, that Offenders ia - m Scotland such Offender or Offenders shall be liable to an A&ion Scotland, v of Damages in the Court of Seflion in Scotland, which shall and ,i may be brought and prosecuted in the fame manner in which any other Action of Damages to the like Amount may be brought and prosecuted there; and in any such A6tion where Damages shall be awarded. Double Cofls of Suit or Expences of Procefs shall be j, allowed.

^ V. And, in order to ascertain what Books shall be from time to Within what time published, be it enacted, That the Publifher or Publifhers of timeTitle of ^ any and every Book demandable under this A61, which shall be Bo?ks entered ^ published at any time after the passing of this Att, shall within ^aiLt,oneM

*	One Calendar Month after the Day on which any such Book or ^ Books respectively shall be first fold, published, advertised or offered ' for Sale, within the Bills of Mortality, or within Three Calendar ' Months if the said Book shall be fold, published or advertised in

*	any othe Part of the United Kingdom, enter the Title to the Copy ; of every such Book, and the Name or Names and Place of Abode

of the Publifher or Publifhers thereof, in the Regifter Book of the ' Company of Stationers in London, in such manner as hath been usual with respect to Books the Title whereof hath heretofore been entered > in such Regifter Book, and deliver One Copy, on the befl Paper as Copy for aforesaid, for the Ufe of the British Mufeum + which Regifter Book BiitiihMufeum. . shall at all times be kept at the Hall of the said Company: for Infpvftion of ! every of which several Entries the Sum of Two Shillings shall be Regifter paid, and no more 5 which said Regifter Book may at all seasonable and convenient times be resorted to and infpedled by any Perfon 5 for which Infpe&ion the Sum of One Shilling shall be paid to the Warehoufekeeper of the said Company of Stationers, and such Warehousekeeper shall, when and as often as thereto required, give a Cer- Certificate, tificate under his Hand of every or any such Entry, and for every such Certificate the Sum of One Shilling shall be paid; and in case Title of Book such Entry of the Title of any such Book or Books shall not be duly ™ entered, made by the Publifher or Publifhers of any such Book or Books, within the said Calendar Month, or Three Months as the case may be, then the Publifher or Publifhers of Tuch Book or Books shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, together with Eleven Times the Penalty.

Price at which such Book shall be fold or advertised, to be recovered, together with full Coft of Suit, by the Perfon or Perfont,

Body Pontic or Corporate, authorized to sue, and who shall first sue for the fame, in any Court of Record in the United Kingdom, by A6fcion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Wage* of Law, EfTom, Privilege or Prote&ion, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed: Protided always, that in the case of Maga- Pruvifo for zines, Reviews or other Periodical Publications, it shall be sufficient Maxines, to fftake such Entry in the Regifter Book of the said Company) within One Month next after the Publication of the First Numbet

3 G 3	or





Provifo.

Warehoufe-kecpcr of Stationers* Hall to transmit to Librarians Lifts of Books entered ; anil call on PuMifher for Copies.

Publifhers to deliver Books at Library.

What deemed

Delivery.

Authors of Books publiihcd, now living, to have Benefit of Extenfion of Copyright.

Provifo.

Authors living at End of 28 Years foie Right of Publication for Life.

Limitation of Attions.j

C. 15&	54°GEO.IIL	A.D.1S14.

or Volume of such Magaxine, Review or other Periodical Publication : Provided always, that no Failure in making any such Entry shall ia any manner affect any Copyright, but shall only fubjedk the Perfon making Default to the Penalty aforesaid under this A&.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That the said Warehoufekeeper of the Company of Stationers shall from time to time and at all times, without any greater Interval than Three Months, transmit to the Librarian or other Perfon authorized on behalf of the Libranes before mentioned, correct Lifts of all Books entered in the Books of the said Company, and not contained in former Lifts ; and that <k being required so to do by the said Librarians or other authori7« Perion, or either of them, he shall call on the Publifher or Publifhcn

. of such Books, for as many of the said Copies as may have bee demanded of them.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if aix Publifher shall be desirous of delivering the Copy of such Book or Volume as aforesaid, as shall be demanded on behalf of any of tb? said Libraries, at such Library, it shall and may be lawful for hin to deliver the fame at such Library, to the Librarian or other Per-fon authorized to receive the fame (who is hereby required to receive and to give a Receipt in Writing for the fame) ; and fucii Delivery shall, to all Intents and Purpofes of this A&, be held a equivalent to a Delivery to the said Warehoufekeeper.

4 VaII. And Whereas it is reasonable that Authors of Books

*	already published, and who are now living, should also have the

*	Benefit of the Extenfion of Copyright ;* Be it further eua&cd, That if the Author of any Book or Books which shall not have bees published Fourteen Years at the time of passing this A6t shall be living at the said time, and if such Author shall afterwards die before the Expiration of the said Fourteen Years, then the personal Repre-fentative of the said Author, and the Affignee or Afligns of fuck personal Representative, shall have the foie Right of printing and publi filing the said Book or Books for the further Term of Fourteen Years after the Expiration of the first Fourteen Years: Provided that nothing in this Adi contained shall affect the Right of the Affignee or Afligns of such Author to fell any Copies of the fold Book or Books which shall have been printed by such Affignee or Afligns within the First Fourteen Years, or the Terms of any Cootnd between such Author and such Affignee or Afligns.

IX.	And be it also further enacted, That if the Author of any Book or Books which have been already published shall be living at the End of Twenty eight Years after the First Publication of the Laid Book or Books, he or she shall for the Remainder of his or her Lite have the foie Right of printing and publifbing the some ; Provided that this shall not affect the Right of the Affignee or Afligns of fuck Author to fell any Copies of the said Book or Books which shall have been printed by such Affignee or Afligns within the foid Twenty eight Years, or the Terms of any Contra& between such Author aad such Affignee or Afligns.

X.	Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. That all A&ions, Suits, Bills, Indi&ments or Informations for any Offence that shall be committed against this A&, shall be brought, sued and commeneed, within Twelve Months next after such Offence committed, or elfe the some shall be void and of no Effe&«

CAP.



A-D.i8i.4-

54“ GEO. m.

C. 157.

823

CAP. CLVn.

An Aft for the better Regulation of the Conduft of the Bufi-- nefs of the Office of Works, and the Expenditure thereof.

[29th July 1814.]

WHEREAS by an Aft passed in the Twenty second Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled jin jid for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil Lift Revenues, and for preventing the fame from being in jirrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by fupprejfmg or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out <f the Revenues of the Civil Lifty certain Regulations were made for the Conduft and Expenditure of the Bufinefs of the Office of Works 5 but the fame have been found in Praftice to be inadequate for the Purpofes for which they were intended ; and it is therefore expedient that further and more effectual Provifion should be made for that Purpose, and that the Expenditure and Execution of all other of His Majefty’s Public € Buildings, the Expencc of which shall be defrayed out of any Funds € granted by Parliament, should be placed under the fame Superin-4 tendence and Controul;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this Aft, so much of the said Aft of the Twenty second Year aforesaid, as relates to the Appointment of a Surveyor or Comptroller of His Majefty’s Works (being bona fde by Profeflion an Architeft or Builder), and to the Rules and Methods therein directed to be observed with regard to all Works which might theretofore have been done by the Board of Works, for His Majefty’s Service, and to the Payment of the Expence incurred thereby, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Aft, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint, during His Royal Pleasure, any (it and proper Perfon to be Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Works and Public Buildings, whether the Expence of such Works and Public Buildings shall be defrayed out of His Majefty’s Civil Lift Revenues, or out of any Funds granted by Parliament, or out of any Part of the Public Revenue heretofore usually included in the incidental Charges of such Department; and to grant to such Surveyor General such Salary as His Majesty may think fit, not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds par jfnnum / and the said Surveyor General during the holding of the said Office shall be and he is hereby declared to be incapable of being elected into or of fitting and voting in Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Gommiffioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to nominate ana appoint a fit and proper Perfon, being an Architeft by Prosession, to be A-fliftant Surveyor and Cafhier in the said Office, and also to nominate and appoint any Number of Perfons not exceeding Three, and being Architefts by Prosession, under the Denomination of ** Architefts attached to the Office of Workswho shall be fubjeft

3 G 4	to

11 G 3. c. 81. § 6—1 a.

repealed.

Appointment of

Surveyor

General.

Salary.

Parliament, fitting in.

Appointment of Affiftant,$cc. Architects.

*24

C. 157.

54’ GEO. III.

A.D.1814-

Salaries.

Exifting Offices abolished.

Retired Allowances granted where Offices ■bolifhtd.

In what case Officers not engaged as Architects, Builders Or Contractors.

Fees not taken.

Officers doing Private Bufinefs, or taking Fees, deprived of Office.

to the Orders and Diredions of the said Surveyor General, in preparing Plans, Eftimates, working Drawings and Reports, and also in making Surveys, infpeding Workmen and superintending the Execution of Contracts, at all times, and at such of the RoyaL Palaces or other Public Buildings as the said Surveyor may appoint ; and to grant the said Affiftant Surveyor and Cafhier such Salary, and to the said attached Architeds such Salary and C'ommifiioK, as to them the said CommifTioners of the Treasury may seem proper.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That it shall be lawful for the said CommifTioners of His Majc fly’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to abolish any of the Ofhces at present existing in the Office of Works, which it may appear to them inexpedient or unnecrffary to continue $ and to nominate and appoint such Officers and Clerks in the Office of such Surveyor General, with such Salaries as to them may seem expedient.

V.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury shall deem it expedient to abolish any of the Offices at present existing in the Office of Works, it shall be lawful for them, or any Three or more of them, to make such Provision, by way of Retired Allowance, for the Perfon or Perfons whose Office or Offices may be so abolished, as they may deem just and reasonable, until such Perfon or Perfons be otherwise provided for.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Affiftant Surveyor and Cafhier, or any of the Officers and Clerks employed in the said Office of Works (except as hereinafter mentioned) to be in any manner engaged in any Bufinefs as Architeds or Builders, other than under the Provifions of this Ad, and the Orders of the said Surveyor General; nor for the skid Affiftant Surveyor and Cafhier, or any of the Officers and Clerks employed in the said Office of Works; or to become Contractors, either openly or covertly, for the Execution of any Public Buildings or Works of any Dcfcrip-tion carried on under the Controul or Superintendauce of the said Surveyor General: Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the attached Architeds to the Office of Works, or the Clerks of the Works, or Labourers' in Trufl, or any of them, from carrying on their Private Bufinefs as Architeds, so as the fame do not interfere with the due and faithful Execution of their Duties as Architeds or Clerks of the Works or Labourers in Truft attached or belonging to the Office of Works.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Surveyor General, or the said Affiftant Surveyor and Cafhier, or any of the attached Architeds, or any other of the Officers and Clerks who may be employed in the said Office of Works, to take or receive any Fee, Perauifite or Gratification, whatever, in respect of any Bufinefs done in tne said Office or connected therewith, other than the Salaries or Commiffion to which they may be entitled under this Ad, or the Authority of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if the Affiftant Surveyor and Cafhier, cr any other of the Officers and Clerks employed in the said Office of Works (fave and except the said attached Architect and Clerks of the Works and Labourers in Truft) (had he in any manner engaged in Bufinefs as Architeds or Builders other than under the Provifions of this Ad, and the Orders of the said Surveyor

General,



A.D.i8i4*

540 GEO.ffl.

C. 157, 158.

82 s

Genera!, or if the said Affiftant Surveyor and Cafhier, or any of the “Officers and Clerks employed in the said Office of Works shall become Contractors, either openly or covertly, for the Execution of any Public Buildings or Works of any Defcription carried on under the Controul or Superintendence of the said Surveyor General; or if the said Surveyor General or the said Affiftant Surveyor and Caffiier, or any of the said attached Architests, or any other of the Officers or Clerks employed in the said Office of" Works shall take or receive any Fee, Perquifite or Gratification, in respect of BufinefB done in the said Office or connected therewith, other than the Salary or Com* million to which he may be entitled under this Aft, or the Authority of the Commiflioners of His Majefty's Treasury, and such taking or receiving shall be proved to the Satisfaftion of the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being, every such Perlon shall be and is hereby declared to be deprived of his Office or Situation in the said Office of Works,

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasury to Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the time being or any prepare Code of Three or more of them, and they arc hereby required, as soon as	^

conveniently may be after the palling of this Aft, to prepare a full Q^ce# and complete Code of Inftruftions, for the Conduft of the whole Bufinefs of the Office of Works, and for the Regulation and Controul of the whole Expenditure thereof in all its Branches and Departments, conformably to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Aft of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty, and shall transmit the fame to the Surveyor General of the Office of Works, signed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, for the Guidance of the said Surveyor General and his Affiftant and his attached Architects, and of all the other Officers and Clerks employed in the said Office in the Performance and Exercife of their several and respective Duties therein 5 and the said Commissioners shall cause a Copy of the said Code of Inftruftions to be laid before Parliament within Twenty one Days after their Signature thereof (if Parliament shall be then fitting), but if Parliament shall not be then fitting, then within Twenty one Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament 5 and it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to alter, vary and change such Code of Inftruftions, or to ifliie any additional Inftruftions, for the Conduft of the Bufinefs of the Office of Works, and the Regulation of the Expenditure thereof, in such manner as the Good of His Majefty's Service may from time to time appear to them to require, always laying before Parliament as hereinbefore directed with regard to the original Code of Inftruftions, a Copy of such new Inftruftions.

CAP. CLVIII.

An Aft to continue, for One Year, certain Afts for the better Prevention and Punifhment of Attempts to seduce Perfons fenring in His Majefty’s Forces by Sea or Land from thehr Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Difobedience.	[29th July 1814.]

4 TT7HEREAS the several Afts hereinafter mentioned have by • VV Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is 4 expedient that the fame should be further continuedBe it therefore



37 G 3. c. 70. 37 O.3. (I.) c. 40. continued.

19 G. %. c. aa.

9 G. 3. c. 30.

51 G.3. c. 73.

fore enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with die Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com* mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Two Ads made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the one in the Parliament of Great Britain, and the other m the Parliament of Ireland, for the better Prevention and Punifhment of Attempts to seduce Perfons serving in His Majefty’s Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Dif-obedience; which Ads were to continue in force for the Term in the said recited Ads respectively mentioned, and which laid recited Ads by several Ads made in the Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland have been further continued, and are now in force until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be and the said Ads are hereby further continued on and from the said First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and fourteen for the Space of One Year, and no longer.

CAP. CLIX.

An A£t for the better Regulation of the several Ports, Harbours, Roadfteads, Sounds, Channels, Bays and Navigable Rivers, in the United Kingdom ; and of His Majefty's Docks, Dock Yards, Arfenals, Wharfs, Moorings and Stores therein; and for repealing several Ads passed for that Purpofe.	[29th July 1814.]

‘ \X7HEREAS an Ad parted in the Nineteenth Year of the 1 VV Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, iutituied

*	An AS for the better Prefervation of Havens, Roads, Channels *■ and Navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain- called 4 England : And Whereas another Ad parted in the Ninth Year of

*	the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for repealing 4 so much of an Ad, taped in the Tenth Year of Her late Majesty 4 Queen Anne, as relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal 4 Navy, and for the more effectual Prefervation of such Harbour 4 Moorings, and Punifhment of Perfons guilty of Jlealing or em-4 bezzling His Majefiy9s Naval Stores ; or of Forgery or Perjury 4 in relation to Seamen9s Wages : And Whereas another Ad pafiVd

*	in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4 An Ad for the better Security of His Majefly9s Naval Arfenals in 4 the River Medway, and Portsmouth and Hamoaze Harbours, and 4 of His Majefly9s Ships and Vtffels lying at and retorting to the 4 fame: And Whereas the Provifions of the said several recited Ads

*	have not been found adequate to the Purpofes for which the fame

*	were made 5 and therefore it is expedient that so much of the faid

*	recited Ad of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

*	as relates to the Harbour Moorings, of the Royal Navy, and alio 4 so much of the said Ad of the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her

*	late Majeity Queen Anne, as relates to the said Harbour Moorings,

4 ihould be repealed, and other and more effectual Provifions made 4 in lieu thereof 5 and also, that the said recited Ad of the Nineteenth

*	Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second

*	(hould be extended as hereinafter mentioned ; and alio, that the faid

*	Recited Ad of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His prefent

* Majefty



A.D.i8i4*

54° GEO. HI.

C.159.	827

*	Majefty should be repealed ; and?that such further and other Pro-

*	vifions should be made as hereinafter mentioned, for the better Re-

*	gulation and Proteftion of the several Ports, Harbours, Havens,

*	Roads, Roadileads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and Navi-4 gable Rivers in the United Kingdom, and of His Majefty’s Docks,

*	Dock Yards, Arfenals, Wharfs, Moorings and Stores therein May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this A£l, so much of

the said recited A& of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, 9 G.3. c. 30. as relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy 5 and also so § 4,3. much of the said A& of the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her late I0 Ann. c. 17. Majesty Queen Anne (a), as relates to the said Harbour Moorings ; § 21,42. and and also that the said recited A& of the Fifty first Year of the Reign 51 G-3- c* 73* of His present Majesty, shall be and the fame are hereby respectively rePeale^* repealed. (flj \Prev\ouJly repealed, 9 G.3. c»30. § I.]

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Admiralty may High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commifiioners for executing e0abllftl Regu-the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great fo^onof Britain and Ireland for the time being, and he and they is and are Kine’s Moor-hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time as Occafion shall ings'and for require, to make such Rules, Orders and Regulations, in Writing mooring Mer-under his or their respective Hand or Hands, or the Hand of his or chant Ships, their Secretary, as he or they shall think proper for the Prefervation of His Majefty’s Moorings, and for the mooring, anchoring and placing of all Private Ships of War, Transports, and all other Private and Merchant Ships and Veffels, Ligliters, Barges, Boats and other Craft whatsoever, in nil the Ports, Harbours, Havens, Roads,

Roadfteads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and Navigable Rivers of the United Kingdom, so far as the Tide flows and reflows, where or near to which His Majesty now hath, or where His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors may at any time or times hereafter have any X>ocks, Dock Yards, Arfenals, Wharfs or Moorings 5 and Harbour Mafters to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, for superintending the fame for the Purpofe of insuring free and safe Ingrefs, Egrels and Regrefs unto, into, to and from the said Ports, Harbours,

Havens, Roads, Roadileads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and Navigable Rivers, and to and from His Majefty's said Docks, Dock Yards, Arfenals, Wharfs and Moorings therein; and for that Purpofe to order and diretl such Spaces along the Sides of, over, against or near to such Docks, Dock Yards, Arfenals, Wharfs and Moorings, as they shall judge necessary to be kept free and open, and to cause the fame to be marked out by Piles, Buoys or other sufficient Marks, and to order and direct what Spaces and Diftances shall be appropriated to and for the foie Ufe and Purpofe of Moorings, for His Majefty's Ships and Veffels of War and hired armed Ships or Veffels in His Majefty's Service ; and also to specify the Diftances from His Majefty*s Docks, Dock Yards, Arfenals, Wharfs, Moorings,

Ships and Hulks, within which no Private Ship of War, Transport, or any other Private or Merchant Ship or Veffel, Ligliter, Barge,

Boat or other Craft whatever, shall be moored, anchored or placed.

and





No private Ship of War, * c. to fasten to His Majefty*, Moorings.

Penalty*

Power to remove private Ships.

and for all and tvtrj or mny other the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned; and from time to time to vary and alter such Rules, Orders and Regulations, as Occafion shall require for the Purpofes aforesaid ; and also from time to time to appoint proper Perfons, to be called The King9/ Harbour Majlers* to fiiperintend such Ports, Harbours, Havens, Roads, Roadtteads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and Navigable Rivers, for the Purpofes aforesaid, and to enforce Obedience to all such Rules, Orders and Regulations ; all which said Rules, Orders and Regulations, shall upon the making thereof, and also from time to time whenever the fame shall in any manner be varied or altered, be forthwith printed and published in The London Ga*rttr, and being also printed and put upon Pafteboard shall be constantly kept hung up in some open and conspicuous Part of the Cuftom House, or other Place of Public Refort for Bufinefs in the Port, Harbour or Haven, for which the fame shall be made or where the fame shall be dire6ted to be in force, to the Intent that the fame may be seen and read, and Copies or Extracts taken therefrom by all Perfons interested therein.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if any Private Ship of War, Tranfport or other Private or Merchant Ship or Veffel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft what foe ver, for which no Licence so to do shall have been first obtained in Writing under the Hand of any Com-raiffioner of the Navy, Port Admiral or other Perfon who shall be duly authorized by the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, to grant such Licences, for the Time and Pitrpofe to be therein particularly specified, shall, unless forced thereto by Strefs of Weather or other unavoidable Accident, be moored or fattened to any of His Majefty’s Moorings, Chains, Anchors, Buoys, Piles, Ships or Hulks, or shall in any manner be moored, anchored or placed within any such Difiances so to be appropriated as aforesaid to and for the foie Ufe and Purpofe of Moorings for His Majefty*® Ships or Veffel* of War, or hired armed Ships or Veffels in His Majefty’* Service, or within any such Distance, so to be specified as aforesaid, from His Majetty’s Docks, Dock Yards, Arfenals, Wharfs, Moorings Ships or Hulks, or within any such Spaces so to be directed to be kept open as aforesaid, or in the fair Way or Channel or across the Stream in any such Port, Harbour, Haven or Navigable River, so as to obflruft the PafTage or Entrance into the fame; the Maker or other Perfon then on board, and having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Veffel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft; and is case the proper Mailer of any such Ship or Veffel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft so being moored, fattened, anchored or placed, shall not happen to be then on board the fame, then the Owner or Owners thereof, whether he, (he or they shall happen to be then on board the fame or not, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, for each and every Tide which such Ship or Veffel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, shall flay and remain so moored, anchored or placed.

IV.	And, for the Prevention of any Damage which might other-wife be occasioned to His Mqefly*s Moorings, Chains, Anchors, Buoys, Piles, Ships or Hulks, and also for the Prevention of Delay in the Public Service, be it enacted. That in case the Owner, Matter, or other Perfon on board, for the time being having the Charge or

Command

r



A.D. 1.814.

54° GEO. IIL

C-15^	829

Command of any Private Ship of War, Tranfport or other Private or Merchant Ship or Veflel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, which shall be moored or fattened to any of His Maiefly’s Moorings* Chains, Anchors, Buoys, Ships or Hulks, or which shall in any manner be '‘moored, anchored or placed within any such Diflance as aforesaid, so to be appropriated to and for the foie Ufe and Purpofe of Moorings for His Majefty's Ships or Veflels of War, or hired armed Ships or Veflels in His Majefty's Service, or within any such Diflance so to be specified as aforesaid from His Majefty's Docks, Dock Yards, Arfenals, Wharfs, Moorings, Ships or Hulks, or within any such Spaces so to be directed to be kept open as afore* said, or in the fair Way or Channel of or across the Stream in any such Port, Harbour, Haven or Navigable River, so as to obstruct the Paflage or Entrance into the fame, mall neglect or refuse to unmoor, aud to remove any such Ship or Veflel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, which shall be moored, anchored or placed as aforesaid, out of and beyond Inch Spaces and Dillauces as aforesaid, and also out of such fair Way, Channel or Stream as aforesaid, for the Space of One Hour next alter Notice to him or them given in Writing, or left on board such Ship or Veflel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, for that Purpose, by One of His Majefly’s Naval or Dock Yard Officers; that then it (half be lawful for any Perfon so to be appointed Harbour Mailer as aforesaid, and also for any Officer belonging to ai r TT* Majefty’s Ships or Veflels of War, Docks, Dock Yards or

and for any Perfon or Perfons acting in his or their Aid or Aflistance, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to unmoor such Ship or Veflel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, and also to remove the fame to some proper Place out of and beyond such Spaces and Diftances as aforesaid, and also out of such fair Way,

Channel or Stream; and every such Owner, Mailer or other Perfon, so negieding andrefufmg as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, Penalty, forfeit and pay the further Sum of Ten Pounds.

4 V. And Whereas it sometimes happens that His Majefly's 4 Mooring Anchors are hooked by the Anchors of Private Ships of 4 War, Tranfports and other Private and Merchant Ships or Veflels 4 by accident, and. without the Default of the Owners, Mailers or 4 other Perfons having the Charge or Command thereof; but great 4 Danger and. Damage are and may be occasioned by unhooking the 4 fame, or by leaving the Anchors of such Moorings in an unsafe 4 manner, or in an improper PlaceFor Prevention thereof, be it enacted. That whenever any Private Ship of War, Tranfport or Notice given other Private or Merchant Ship or Veflel, shall in any manner, either when by Accident or otherwise, hook any of His Majelly’s Moorings, the Majefty’s Owner, Mailer or other Perfon having the Charge or Command of J^^ssarC such Ship or Veflel, shall not proceed to unhook the fame, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be paid by every such Owner, Mailer or other Perfon; but shall forthwith give Notice thereof to The King's Harbour Matter, CommifSoner of the Navy, or other Chief Officer of His. Majetty’s Dock Yard or Naval Yard, whichever shall be nearest to the Place where the fame may happen, in order that full and effectual Aid and Afliflance may be forthwith given, for the Purpofe of, clearing such Private Ship of War, Tranfport or other Private or Merchant Ship or Veflel, from such Moorings, without Damage to the fame ; for which said Aid and Aflistance, every fuch



Matter,

3y 

Places appointed for breaming Sh'ps, and leaving and receiving Gunpowder.

C. 159.	54« GEO. m.	A.D.	1814*

Matter, Owner or other Perfon, shall pay such reasonable Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds, as shall be adjudged in a summary way, by any Commiffioner of the Navy or Juftice of the Peace, to be recovered in the fame manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture is by this Aft directed to be recovered, and with such Power of Commitment, on Nonpayment thereof, as in cases of Penalties and Forfeitures under this Aft.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Cora-miflioners for executing tne Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and I empowered, from time to time, by Order or Notice in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, or the Hand of his or their Secretary, to prohibit the breaming of any Ships or Veffels, Ligliters, Barges, Boats or other Craft, at any Place or Places on Shore, where it may to them seem proper and necessary to prohibit the fame, and also to order at what Place or Places, within or near all or any of such Ports, Harbours, Havens, Roads, Roadflead*, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and Navigable Rivers m this Kingdom as aforesaid, no Private Ships of War, Tranfports or other Private or Merchant Ship or VefTel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, shall come, or be laden with or having on board thereof any Quantity or Quantities of Gunpowder, exceeding Five Pounds Weight in the whole; and also to appoint fit and proper Places, either afloat or on Shore, where all Gunpowder, exceeding Fbe Pounds Weight in the whole, shall and may be left and deposited, by and from, or taken and received into, any such Ships or Veffels, Ligliters, Barges, Boats or other Craft; all which Orders, Notices and Appointments of such Places shall be notified in the London Gazette; and that the Matter General or principal Officers of H» Majefty’s Ordnance, or any Three of them for the time being, shall appoint fit and proper Perlons there, to take in and receive, and also to give and deliver ouj all such Gunpowder, and upon the taking in thereof to give Receipts for the fame, and also to grant a Certificate to any such Owner, Matter or other Perfon, of his having left and deposited all such Gunpowder, and having made and signed a Declaration in Writing under his Hand, of his having so done, and that neither he nor any other Perfon or Perfons, to his Knowledge or Belief, had any Gunpowder, exceeding Five Pounds Weight m the whole, then on board such Ship or Vefiel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, as the case may require; which Declaration every such Matter, Owner or other Perfon is hereby required to make, as the case may require, and for which said Certificate the Sum of One Shilling, and no more, shall be paid ; and every such Perfon so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be accountable to the Owner or Owners of all such Gunpowder for the fame, and shall deliver the fame to fuck Owner or Owners thereof upon demand, on being paid such reafonabb Sum of Money for Warehoufe Room, in Proportion to the Quantity of such Gunpowder, and the time for which the fame shall have beta kept, as shall be afeertained and fixed, either by the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, or by the Matter General and principal Officers of His Majefty’s Ordnance, or any Three or more of them, by -any Rule, Order or Regulation, to be made in that

behalf;





A.D.i8i4*	j4°GEO.	III.	C.	159*	831

behalf; and that no Ship or Veflel having or having had any such Quantity of Gunpowder on board, shall be allowed to clear at any Cuftom House in any Port where there shall be any such Place so to be appointed as aforesaid, without producing and leaving such Certificate, together with the Christian and Surname of the Pilot (if any) who piloted such Ship or Veflel into such Port, at the Cuftom House of such Port; and all and every Owner, Matter, Pilot or other Perfon Penalty, having the Charge or Command of any Private Ship of War, Tranf-port or other Private or Merchant Ship or Veflel, Ligliter, Barge,

Boat or other Craft, which shall come, arrive or be (except in cases of Strefs of Weather) within any of the Diftances so to be specified as aforesaid, having on board thereof any Quantity or Quantities of Ounpowder exceeding Five Pounds Weight together in the whole, or which, having come in under Strefs of Weather, shall not unfhip and deliver all such Gunpowder within the Space of Twenty four Hours next after the ceasing of such Weather (and thereof forthwith give Notice at the Cuftom House to excuse the Produ&ion of such Certificate), shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, for Penalty, each and every Five Pounds Weight of Gunpowder which shall be found or which shall have been on board any such Ship or Veflel,

Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, within any of the Diftances so to be specified as aforesaid, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity ; and every such Pilot, who shall wilfully and knowingly in what case offend in the Premises, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, shall Pilot* rendered for ever thereafter be rendered incapable of acting as a Pilot.	incapable.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That no Private Ship of War, Breaming Ship Tranfport or other Private or Merchant Ship or Veflel, Ligliter, except at ap-Barge, Boat or other Craft whatever, shall be breamed afloat in any P°imcd Haces« of the Ports, Harbours or Havens, or other Places of this Kingdom, for which any such Rules, Orders or Regulations, shall be made as aforesaid, or in which the fame shall be in force, nor at any Place on Shore where such Breaming shall have been prohibited as aforesaid, upon Pain that every Perfon offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and that no Fire Tensity, shall be kept on board of any such Ship or Veflel, Ligliter, Barge, Fires on board Boat or other Craft, in any such Port, Harbour or Haven, between sh,Ps>&c* the Hours of Eleven in the Evening and Five in the Morning, from the First Day of Ofiober to the Thirty first Day of March inclusive ; nor between the Hours of Eleven in the Evening and Four in the Morning, from the First Day of dpril to the Thirtieth Day of September inclusive, in every Year; upon Pain that every Owner,

Matter or other Perfon, having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Veflel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds ; and that no Penalty. Pitch, Tar, Rofin, Turpentine, Grease, Tallow, Oil or any other Turpentine, kc, combuftibie Matter whatsoever, shall be boiled or heated on board boiled, &c. on any such Ship or Veffel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft what- board soever, within the Diftanceof Two hundred and fifty Yards from any of His Majefty's Ships or Veffels of War, or hired armed Ships or VefTels in His Majefty’s Service, in any of the Ports, Harbours,

Havens, Roads, Roadfteads, Creeks, Sounds, Bays or Navigable Rivers, as aforesaid, where the fame may happen to be; nor within the Dittance of Two hundred and fifty Yards from any of Hi*

Majefty** Docks, Dock Yards, Arfenals or Wharfs, upon Pain that

every





Penalty.

Guos (hotted,

Fired, &c.

Penalties.

Private Ships, &c. searched for Gunpowder, ice.



Owner, Sec, refuGng.

, \ .

Penalty.

Unlicenfed Persons fweepiug for His

Majefty’s Stores.

.*15 - , . *

Penalty.

C. *50.	54°	GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

every Owner, Mailer or other Perfon, having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Veflel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, fitall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Mailer dr other Perfon, having the Charge or Command of any Private Ship of War, Tranfport or other Private or Merchant Ship or Veflel whatsoever, shall, while such Ship or Veflel (hail lie, or be in any of such Ports, Harbours, Havens, Roads, Roadfleads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and Navigable Rivers, within the United Kingdom 1 as aforesaid, keep any Gun or Guns of and beljmging to such Ship

or Veflel (hotted or loaded with Ball, or ihall Are or discharge or cause or permit to be fired or discharged any Gun or Gun3 on board such Ship or Veflel lying therein, before Sun-rifing or after Sun-setting, every such Owner, Mailer or other Perfon as aforefaid) shall, for every such Gun so kept (hotted or loacted, forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings, and for every Gun so fired or discharged, the Sum of Ten Shillings.

IX.	And, for the better Difcovery of the Offenders agaioft this A61, and for the Purpofe of bringing them to Punifhment, be it further enabled, That it fitall and may be lawful to and for any such Harbour Mailer, and also for any Officer belonging to any of His Majefly’s Ships or Veflelsof War, Docks, Dock Yards or Arfenals, and also for any Perfon or Perfons in their or any or either of their Aid or Affiilance, at any Hour between Sun-rifing and Sun-setting, to go and enter into and on board of any such Ship or Veflel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, in order to search for Gun-powder, Guns (hotted, and the heating and melting such com. buftible Matters aforesaid,"within the Limits wherein the fame are by this A& prohibited; and if the Owner, Mafter or other Perfon then on board, having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Veflel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Crafl, shall, upon Demand in that be* half made, refuse to permit or ihall not permit any such Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid to come and enter into and on board of any such Ship or Veflel, Ligliter, Barge, Bofct or other Craft, and to make a due and proper Search and Examination for the Purpofes aforesaid, every such Owner, Mailer or other Perfon as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

X.	And, for the better Prevention of the Embezzlement of His MajeftyV Stores, be it enabled, That no Perfon or Perfons, not being in His Maiefty’s Service, or employed in His Majefly’s Dock Yards Or Arfenals, and in the regular Performance of his Duty, or not being autliorized so to do tor Hie Mhjefty’s Ufe, by Licence under the Hand of some Commiffioner of His Majefty’s Navy, which said Licence any such Commiffioner is hereby empowered to grant, and also to revoke at his Will and Pleasure, ihall on any Account or Pretence whatsoever creep or sweep for Anchors, Cables, Ropes, Rope Yarns or other Stores, loft or supposed to be loft in any of the Ports, Harbours, Havens, Roads, Road Reads, Sounds, Channel** Creeks, Bays and Navigable Rivers of this Kingdom as aforesaid, within the Diftanceof One hundred Yards from airy of Hi*M«jefty*9 Ships or Veflels of War, or hired Ships or Vefleis in His Majffty** Service, or from any Moorings belonging to His Majesty, or within any fu^h Diftancc so to be marked as aforesaid, upon Bbfn of fprfjising, for every Rich Offence, the Sort of Ten Pfrtftth,

it	XI.	And





A.D.i8i4«	54°	GEO. III.	C.	159*	833

XI.	And be it Further enacted, That if the Owner, Matter or Cafting Ballast, other Perfon having the Charge or Command of any Private Ship of *c*int°

War, Tranfport or other Private or Merchant Ship or Veflel, ou,:,,

Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft whatsoever, or any Perfon working any Quarry, Mine or Pit, near to the Sea, or to any such Harbour, Haven or Navigable River as aforesaid, or any other Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, shall cast, throw, empty or unla ie, or cause or procure to be cast, thrown, emptied or unladen, either from or out of any such Ship or VefTel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, or from the Shore, any Ballatt, Stone, Slate, Gravel, Earth, Rubbish,

Wreck or Filth, into any of such Ports, Roads, Roadfteads, Harbours, Havens or Navigable Rivers of this Kingdom as aforesaid, so as to tend to the Injury or Obftruftion of the Navigation thereof, or in any Place or Situation on Shore where the fame shall be liable to be washed into the Sea, or into any such Ports, Roads, Roadfteads, Harbours, Havens or Navigable Rivers, either by ordinary or high Tides or by Storms or Land Floods; all and every such Perfon and Perfons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, over and Penalty, besides all Expences which may be incurred in removing to a proper Place the said Matters which may have been deposited contrary to the Provifions of this Aft, such Expences to be recoverable in such manner and with such power of Commitment on Nonpayment thereof, as in c^fea of Penalties or Forfeitures under this Aft : Provided that Provifo. nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to.extend to the casting out, unlading or throwing out of any Ship or Veflel,

Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, any Stones, Rocksf, Bricks, \

Lime or other Materials used or to be ulcd in or towards the Build-* ing, Repairing or keeping in Repair any Quay, Pier, Wharf, Wear,

Bridge or other Building, or the Banks or Sides of any Port, Harbour, Haven, Channel or Navigable River, or any Materials for repairing any Highway 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XII.	And, for the more effectually preventing such Injuries, be it In mi-further enacted, That no Ship or VefTel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or ncr$hipa,&c. Craft whatsoever, shall unlade on any Part of the Shore (except

on some Wharf properly constructed for the Purpofe\ any Ballatt, 7?

Stone, Slate, Gravel, Earth, Rubbish, Wreck or Filth, except at the time of High Water, or within Two Hours before or Two Hours after High Water; and that, for every such Purpose, every such Ship or Veflel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or Craft fhafl approach the Shore, as far as the Tide ana the Draught of Water of such Ship, Veflel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or Craft will adjnit, and shall, under no circumstances, and in no Situation, depoflt any of the said Matters below Low Water Mark at Neap Tides; and that every Veflel drawing above Eleven Feet of Water at the Stem, (hau unlade all such Materials into some Ligliter, Barge or Boat, as hereinbefore dirested, in order that the fame may be conveyed as near the Shore as possible at the time of High Water, as hereinbefore directed.

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That all such Ballatt and other Baflaft a* o* Matter IhaU, in all the above mentioned cases, be catt on Shore from fbov* from Side the Side of the Ship, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, which

shall be nearest to the Land, and not otherwise: and every Perfon w

54Gxo.HI.	3	H	who





Penalty.

Taking Ballaft from Shore in Harbours.

Penalty.

Tarpaulins used in taking in and discharging Ballad.

Penalty.

Provifions relative to Ballad dispensed with.

Ships, &c. funk, itCf raised, fcc.

c.159.

54' GEO. HI.

A.D.I8I4.

who shall offend in any of the above Particulars shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, over and above all Expences which may be incurred in removing to a proper Place the said Matters which may have been deposited contrary to the Provifions of this A61, such Expences to be recoverable in such manner and with such Powers of Commitment on Nonpayment thereof, as in cases of Penalties or Forfeitures under this A6t.

XIV.	And, in order to prevent Damage being done to the Shores or Banks of the Ports, Harbours or Havens in this Kingdom, be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons shall take any Ballad or Shingle from the Shores or Banks, or any Portion of the Shores or Banks of any Port, Harbour or Haven °f this Kingdom, from which the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom for the time being, shall find it necessary for the Prote6lion of such Port, Harbour or Haven, or the Works thereof, by Order under their Hands, or the Hands of any Three of them, or the Hands of his or their Secretary, and pubmhed in the London Ga%ette% shall prohibit the taking or removing of such Shingle or Ballast, upon pain of forfeiting for every fuen Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That in the taking of Ballaft into any Ship or Veffel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, and also in the discharging of the fame from any Ship or Veffel into any Ligliter, Boat, Barge or other Craft, every such Ship or Veffel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, shall be provided with, and shall make ule of One or more Tarpaulin or Tarpaulins properly stretched and spread, in order to prevent such Ballaft or any Part thereof from falling into the Sea, or into any Harbour, Haven or Navigable River; and in case any Perfon or Perfons shall either take any Ballaft into any Ship or Veffel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, or shall discharge the fame from any Ship or Veffel into any Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, without using such fuffident Tarpaulin or Tarpaulins, properly stretched and spread, in order to prevent such Ballaft or any Part thereof from falling into the Sea, or into any such Harbour, Haven or Navigable River ; all and every Perfon or Perfon6 offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds*

*	XVI. And be it further enacted, That it may be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or Lords Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to grant Licences under their Hands and Seal of Office, or under the Hand and Seal of Office of his or their Secretary, for dispensing with the foregoing Provifions relative to Ballast, in cases that may leem to require iuch Difpenfation.

* XVII. And Whereas Ships or Vefleis, Ligliters, Barges, Boats € and other Craft, are oftentimes funk or stranded in the Ports, Har-

*	hours, Havens, Roads, Roadfteads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks,

€ Bays and Navigable Rivers of this Kingdom ; and the fame or the

*	Hulks thereof are frequently suffered to fink into and remain io f the Sand there, to the great Damage of the said Ports, Harbours,

*	Havens, Roads, Roadfteads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and

* Navigable Rivers, and also to the great Danger and Damage of

* the Ships and Veflels coming and resorting to the fame :* For remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That when and as often as 4	- • „	any

Dig+tized by

A.D. r8i4.

$40 GEO. IU.

C.i5>.	tjis

any Ship or Veffel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, shall be funk or stranded in any Port, Harbour, Haven, Road, Roadstead,

Sound, Channel, Creek, Bay or Navigable River in this Kingdom, where such Harbour Mailer shall be so appointed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any such Harbour Mafter, and also for any Com-miflioner of the Navy residing in or near the Place where the fame shall happen, in case the Owner or Owners, Mailer or other Pcrfon having the Charge or Command of such Ship or VeiTel, Ligliter,

Barge, Boat or other Craft, shall refuse or neglect to weigh and raise the fame for the Space of Twenty eight Days then next following, to cause any such Ship or Veffel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, to be weighed and raised, and to cause the fame, and the Furniture, Tackle and Apparel thereof, or any Part thereof respectively, and also all or any Part of any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chattels and Effe&s which shall be found on board the fame, to be fold by Public Au6lion, or otherwise, and thereby and therewith to pay the Charges and Expences of Weighing and Railing such Ship or VefTel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Craft, and clearing the Port, Harbour, Haven, Road, Roadstead, Sound, Channel,

Creek, Bay or Navigable River, where the fame shall happen, and also the Charges and Expences of such Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners, or other Perfon or Pcrfons, who by Law shall be entitled to the fame.

XVIII.	And it is hereby declared and enabled, That all and Officer* in-every such Harbour Mailer, and Commiflioners of the Navy, and demnitied. all and every Officer and Officers of any of His Majefly’s Ships of

War, Docks, Dock Yards and Arfenals, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons acting in his, their or any of their Aid or Affistance, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby indemnified for all and whatsoever he or they shall do or cause to be done in pursuance of this A61.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further ena6led, That in case Harbour Maft«r the (aid Harbour Mafter or Commiflioner of the Navy, shall not neglecting, proceed to cause such Ship or VefTel, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or Owner m*y other Craft to be weighed and raised within the Space of Two raUeVe ci* Calendar Months next after the Expiration of the said Twenty eight

Days, then and in that case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Owner or Owners, Mafter or other Perfon, to proceed to weigh and raise such sunken or stranded Ship or Veffel, Barge, Boat or other Craft, and the Goods and Effe6ls therein, in the lame manner as if this A& had not been made and passed.

XX.	And be it further enacted. That every Commiflioner of the Commiffionert Navy, who for the time being shall be residing at any Port, Dock of Navy acting Yard or Arfenal, near to any Place where any Offence against this ai

Aft may be committed, shall be and be deemed to be a Juftice of the Peace for all the Purpofes of this A61; and that all and every the Laws and Statutes of this Realm made and now in force, for the Safe, Safety and Protc&ion of Justices of the Peace in the Execution of their Office, shall extend and be construed to extend to all such Commiflioners of the Navy, and to all Constables, Headboroughs or other Peace Officers or Perfons a6ling under the Warrant or Authority of any such Coramiffloner of the Navy, as fully and effec-tually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein and hereby repeated and re-ena6ted as to and for the Eafe, Safety and

3H a



Prote6Uon

ized by 



C. 159.

54° GEO. m.	A.D.	1814

Penalties, See. how recovered, Sec.

ImprilbQncnt.

Kxtent of Jurif-dlotion of Com-mifiioners of Navy and Juft ice* of Peace.

Convi&ion how 4mm up.

Protedion of such Commissioners of the Navy, and the ConfUblet, Headboroughs or other Peace Officers or Perfons acting under their or any of their Warrant or Authority.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and For-feitures imposed by this Ad shall be sued for within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence or Offences shall be committed, before any Commiffioner of the Navy or Juftice of the Peace redding at or near to the Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed ; all which said Penalties and Forfeitures shall go and be applied as follows 5 that is to fay, One Moiety thereof to the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and tne other Moiety thereof, with full Cods, to be adjudged by such Commifiioner of the Navy or Juftice of the Peace, to the Informer; and every such Com* missioner of the Navy and Juftice of the Peace, is hereby authorized and required, upon Information exhibited or Complaint made, to grant and issue his Warrant in Writing under his Hand, to bring before them respectively such Offender or Offenders at the Time and Place in such Warrant specified; and if on the Convi&ion of the Offender or Offenders respectively, on his, her or their Confeffioa, or on Oath (which Oath every such Commiffioner of the Navy and Juftice of the Peace is hereby authorized and empowered to admi-nifter), such Penalty or Forfeiture, together with such Cofts as afore* said, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Commifiioner of the Navy or Juftice of the Peace to commit any such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Corre&oe for the County, City or Borough, at or near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Three Months, unkfs such Penalty or Forfeiture and Cofts shall be looner paid.

* XXII. And Whereas divers Ports, Harbours, Havens, Roads, 4 Roadfteads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays and Navigable Rivers, 4 in this Kingdom, do lie partly in one County and partly in another, 4 and partly or in the Whole out of the Body of any County of this 4 Realm; by reason whereof Doubts may anse as to the Junfdi&ion 4 of any Commiffioner of the Navy or Juftice of the Peace, touching 4 any Offence or Offences which may be committed contrary to this 4 Ad Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for anj Com* missioner of the Navy, redding at or near to any Port, Harbour or Haven, or any Part thereof, or for any Juftice of the Peace for any County, City or Borough, acting in and for any Diftrid or Place next adjoining to any such Port, Harbour, Haven, Road, Roadstead, Sound, Channel, Creek, Bay or Navigable River, or any Member of any of them, where any such Offence or Offences may be committed, to proceed in the Execution of this Ad, and of aQ the Powers and Authorities thereof, herein and hereby given to Conmuffioners of die Navy and Justices of the Peace, in such and the fame manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Offence or Offences had been committed locally within the Limits of the Jurifdidion of such Commiffioner of the Navy or Juftice of the Peace, although the fame may have been committed out of the Limits of the Jurifdidion of such Commiffioner or Juftice^ or out of tbs Body of any County of this Realm.

XXIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Convi&ion of Offenders against this Ad, and also for the Prevention of frivolous and vexa-

v^ooQle

A.D. 1814*	540	GEO,	IIL	C.159.	«3>

tiou9 Appeals, be it farther enacted, That every Commiffioner of the Navy and Juftice of the Peace before whom any Perfon or Perfona shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against this Aft, shall and may cause the Conviftion to be drawn up according to the following Form, or in any Form of Words to the like Effest, mutatis mutandis ; which Conviftion shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, without Hating the case, or the Fafts or Evidence, in any more particular manner ; that is to fay,

4 j^E it Remembered, that on the	Day	of	Form.

4	in	the	Year	of our Lord

*	A\ B. is convicted before me	One of the

4 Commissioners of the Navy, or One of His Majefty's Justices of 4 the Peace for the	of	[as the cafe

4 may be~\ for that the said A. B. on the	Day	of

4	at	did	[here fate the Offence against this

4 Ad'] contrary to the Statute in such case made and provided.

4 Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above

•	written.'

Which Conviftion the said Commiffioner or Juftice shall cause to be Written on fairly written upon Parchment or Paper, and returned to the next Parchment, General Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the County, Division, City*.

Town Corporate, Liberty or Place, where such Conviftion was

made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and there to remain and

be kept among the Records of the fame County, Divifion or Place ;

and the fame shall not be removed by Certiorari, Advocation Certiorari* 4c-

or Sufpension, or any other Procefs wnatsoever, into any Court

whatsoever.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfona	mt

shall be summoned as a Witnefs or Witneffes to give Evidence before attending any such Commiffioner or Juftice or Justices of the Peace, touching

any of the Matters relative to this Aft, either on the part of the Informer or Profecutor, or of the Party or Parties accused, and shall uegleft or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Pur-pole appointed, without a reasonable Excufe for such his, her or their Neeleft or Refufal, to be allowed by such Commiffioner or Juftice or Justices of the Peace before whom tne Complaint or Profecution shall be depending, that then every such Perfon shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered, levied and paid and penalt applied in such manner and by such means as is above directed with respect to Fines on summary Conviftions.

XXV.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon, upon p • „ Examination on Oath or Affirmation before any Commiffioner of the J Navy, or before any Juftice of the Peace in any Matter relating to

the Execution of tnis Aft, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall in any Information or Depofition fwom, or Affirmation taken in Writing, before any such Commiffioner or Juftice, wilfully and corruptly (wear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall oe false or untrue, every such Perfon so offending, and being thereof lawfully convisted, shall be and is hereby declared to be fubj*ft and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as any Perfona convicted of wilful and corrupt Peijury are by any Law now in force subject and liable to.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Appeal lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfona so convicted by any Com-

3 H 3	miffioner

■	Digitized	by	

838	C.	159.	54*	GEO.	III.	.	A.D.	1814.

Notice.

Recognizance.

Colls.

Final.

t.imitntion of Actions.

General Iflue.

Treble Cods.

Provifo for 1- iaht of Property, &c.

Provifo for Local Ads.

miffioner of the Navy or Juftice of the Peace before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this Adi, within Three Calendar Months next after such Convidiiou, to appeal to the JufUces of the Peace afTembled at the General Quarter Sef&ons holden for the County, City or Place, where the Matter of Appeal shall arise, first giving Ten Days’ Notice of such Appeal to the Perfon or Per-fons appealed against, and of the Matter thereof, and entering into a Recognizance before some Commiflioner of the Navy, or Juftice of the Peace for such County, City or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices at the General Quarter Sefiions shall, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and a Recognizance having been entered into, hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and annul the said Convi&ion, and award such Cofts to either Party as to them shall seem just and reasonable ; and the Decifion of the laid Justices therein shall be final, binding and conclusive.

XXVII.	And be it further enadied, That if any A&ion or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Perfon or Perfons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Adi, such A&ion or Suit shall be commenced within Six Months after the Matter or Thing done, and the Venue therein laid in the proper County, and not elsewhere 3 and the Defendant or Defendants in such Adiion or Suit may plead the General IfTue, and give this Adi and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if a Verdidi shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Adiion, after the Defendant or Defendants has or have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdidt or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as Defendants have by Law in other cases.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, diminish, abridge, alter or take away any Right of Property, Privilege or Jurifdiction, or any Powers of Confervancy, held, possessed, used, exercised or enjoyed by any Body Corporate or Politic, or by any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors, or any Perfon or Perfons wnatsoever, in, to, upon or over any of the Ports, Harbours, Havens, Roads, Roadfteads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays or Navigable Rivers of the United Kingdom, or to the Banks, Shores or Sides thereof; or to repeal any of the Provifions contained in any Adi or Adis of Parliament which may have been passed for the Regulation of any River, Port or Harbour, in the United Kingdom, or the Shipping frequenting the fame, except such Adis and rrovifions as are expressly repealed by this present Adi ; but that such refpediive Rights of Property, Privileges, Jurifdidiions and Powers of Confervancy, shall be refpec-tively and exclusively enjoyed in as full, ample and beneficial a man per in every refpedi, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Adi had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

C A P.

C^ooQie

A.D. 1814*	*54°	GEO.	III.

C.160/	839

CAP. CLX.

An Aft to enable His Majesty to fettle an Annuity upon Her Royal Highnefs the Princefs of Wales f during the joint Lives of His Majesty and of Her Royal Highnefs.

[29th July 1814.]

• Mod Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Aft of Parliament, pafTed in the Thirty fifth 35 G. 3. c.12r# Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for enabling His Majesty to fettle an Annuity on His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales, during the joint Lives of His Majesty and of His said Royal Highnefs ; for making Provifion out of His Revenues for the Payment of any Debts that may be due from His Royal Highnefs ; for preventing the Accumulation of Debts in future ; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues : And Whereas His Royal Highnefs the Prince of IVales did, under the said Aft, and in pursuance of the Powers therein contained, authorize the Payment of Fivethoufand Pounds made payable Quarterly by the said Aft to Him or any Perfon authorized by Him, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to Her Royal Highnefs the Princefs of Wales; which Sum hath been received for Her Ufe: And Whereas His said Royal Highnefs did afterwards cause the further Annual Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds to be paid to Her Royal Highnefs; which Sum Her Royal Highnefs alio continued to receive until the Arrangement hereinafter mentioned: And Whereat it was, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, represented to His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales% that the Debts of Her said Royal Highnefs amounted to the Sum of Forty nine thousand Pounds, and His said Royal Highnefs did moil graciously propose to take upon Himfelf the Arrangement of the laid Debts of Her Royal Highnefs to that Amount, although under no legal Obligation to pay those Debts: And Whereas His Royal Highnefs was also graciously pleased to propose to increase the Income of Her Royal Highnefa to the Sum of Seventeen thousand Pounds Net, by adding the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the said Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, amounting in the whole, with the said before mentioned Sum of Five thousand Pounds per Annum, received by Her Royal Highnefs at the Exchequer, to the Sum of Twenty two thousand rounds: And Whereas, with a View to secure Regularity in the Expenditure of Her Royal Highnefs, and that all the Demands upon Her Royal Highnefs’s Income might be administered in such manner as might be necessary to answer the intended Objefts which His Royal Highnefs had in view of feeing Juft ice done to the Creditors of Her Royal Highnefs, without bringing any increased Charge upon the Public; and that His said Royal Highnefs should obtain a Security against any future Demands on account of any Debts of Her laid Royal Highnefs, it was proposed that Her said Royal Highnefs should by a Writing: under Her	mcer	of	Her	own	to	receive the

Income prc	pon Her Royal Highnefs, by His

said Royal Highnefs, from the Treasurer of His Royal Highnefs, and that Her Royal Highnefs’s Officer should receive Inftruftions by that Appointment, to fettle the Courfe of Payments in like

and that Her

C. 160.

54° GEO- III-

A.D. 1814.

*	manner, and in like time, as the Payments on behalf of His Royal

*	Highnefs are directed to be fettled by the said recited Act of the

*	Thirty fifth Yeaf of His Majefty’s Reign: And Whereas it was

*	in fucn PropOfal, and the Acceptance thereof understood, that the 4 Arrangement, if carried into Erfest, was a final Arrangement as to

*	the Income which His Royal Highnefs was thereafter to allow to 4 Her Royal Highnefs; and it was further agreed and understood,

*	that a Document to such Purport should be signed by His Royal

*	Highnefs as making the Propofal, and by Her Royal Highnefs as 4 afTenting to and concurring with all the Parts of it 5 whi<m Docu-

*	ment was so signed accordingly 2 And Whereas His Majesty, having ‘ • been made acquainted with the said Propofal, for the Purpofe of

4 learning Ilis Majefty* s Pleafure thereon, as the Father of His

*	Family, did by a Writing, signed by His Majesty, and with His

*	Majefty’s Approbation, placed in the Hands of His Royal High-; 4 nefs, signify that His Majesty thought it reasonable that it fhould

. 4 be fully utiderstood, and that His Majesty did so undertland it, that

*	it would be contrary to what His Royal Highnefs reasonably and 4 justly made an indispensable Condition, and contrary to the abfatate

4	and efiential Faith of the Tranfaction, that His Royal Htghnefs>s

5	regular Payment of the Seventeen thousand Pounds ter yiunnm, 1 being continued, should remain liable in any way for tne future to 4. the jjebta of Her Royal Highnefs, His Royal Highnefs having

*	liberally undertaken, when thus focured by His Majefty’s Appro-4 batfon, to fettle the Debts of Her Royal Highnefs to the Amount

*	of the Sums of Forty one thousand Poinds and Eight; thousand 4 Pounds, making in all Forty nine thousand Pounds, and to tucreafe 4 Her Royal Highnefs’e Income to the Net Sum of Scwestteira thou-4 sand Pounds: And Whereas His Royal Highnefs did, mpurfhance

*	of such Arrangement, take upon Himfclf the Payment of the said 4 Debts, amounting to the said Sum of Forty nine thousand Founds 4 in the whole, and pay, or make due Pkopifibii f6r the Payment

*	thereof; and the fame have beeri finoe fall# discharged, and are 4 wholly paid and satisfied: And Whereas' His laid Royal High-

*	nefs did, by Warrant under His Privy, Seal, gtvcait Qtriton 4 House on the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight' hun* 4 dred and nine, order and direct the Payment of such Annual 'Sum 4 of Seventeen thousand Pounds out of the Monies receivable to the 4 Ufe of His Royal Highnefs at His Majesty *s Exchequer, by 4 Quarterly Paymentsr to the Perfon who should be appointed by 4 Her Royal Highnefs to receive the fame; which Sum As* ever 4 since been regularly and pundually paid: And Wheram ittt deemed 4 proper that His Majesty should be enabled to make an Addition 4 to the Income of Her Royal Highnefs of ThiiteeniXbmifand 4 Pounds annually, making the Annual Income of Her Royal High-4 nefs by such Addition, amount in the whole to the Annual Sum 4 of Thirty five thousand Pounds: And Whereat it? is expedient 4 that His Majesty should for such Purpofe be enabled to grant One 4 Annual Sum of Thirty five thousand Pounds, to be in lieu of 4 the Five thousand Pounds and Seventeen thousand Pounds, now 4 received by or for and on behalf of Her Royal Highnefs by the 4 Authority of His Royal Highnefs, out of the Sums payable to 4 His Royal Highnefs at the Exchequer; and that such Thirty fi*e 4 thousand Pounds should be made payable to Her Royal Highnefi





C.i6o.

841

A.D. 1814.

540 GEO. III.

* at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in Quarterly Sums, to the Ufe

* of Her Royal Highnefs, during the joint Lives of His Majefty

*	and of Her Royal Highnefs: And Whereat it is, under fuch

*	circumftances as are above recited, just and reasonable and proper,

*	that His Royal Highnefs should be fully indemnified and discharged ‘ from and again ft all Demands and DeDts which may have been or

*	may hereafter be incurred by Her Royal Highnefs;' We Your Majefty'a raoft dutiful and loyal Subje&s, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it Annuity of shall and may be lawful to and for His Royal Highnefs the Prince 35iOo°l-grants* Regent, in the Name and on the behalf of The King's Moft Excel-

lent Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great princel* of Britain, to give and grant to Her said Royal Highnefs the Princeft Walts, of Wales, One Annuity of Thirty five thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, which Annuity of Thirty five thousand Pounds shall commence and take Efied from the Fifth Day of July Gat thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and continue from thenceforth for and during the joint Lives of His Majesty and of Her said Royal Highnefs, and shall be paid and payable at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year j that is to fay, the Tenth Day of Odder, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July in every Year, by even and equal Portions ; the Ftrft Quarterly Payment thereof to be made on the Day after the Tenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and that the said Annuity of Thirty five thousand Pounds (halland may, by such Letters Patent, be directed to be issuing and payable out of the Consolidated Fund, during the joint Lives of His Majesty mod of Her said Royal Highnefs, after paying, or referring sufficient to pay, all such Sums as mall have been directed to be paid out of the fame by any Ad or Adi of Parliament made previous to the time of passing this Ad, and with a Preference to all other Payments which Audi or may at any time or times after the passing of this Ad be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity of Thirty Annuity payable

five thousand Pounds shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of at Exchequer, Hit Majefty's Exchequer \ aftd the Auditor of the said Receipt J®4 Debentures shall, and he is hereby required by virtue of such Letters Patent, to	with,

make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying accord-	"1

sng to the Directions of this Ad the said Annuity, as tne lame fhall

become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; and the said Debentures, to be made forth and palled as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the laid Annuity according to the Diredions of the said Ad, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III.	And be it further enacted. That the laid Annuity of Thirty Annuity free five thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from Duty under from the Puty imposed by an Ad of the Forty sixth Year of His 46 G*3*c> 5*



prefent



C. i6oj 161.

A.D. 1814.

Upon Commencement, and during Annuity of 35,cool, to Prmeels, the 5,ocol. and 17,cool, referred at Exchequer and carried to Confolidated Fund.

The Prince Regent indemnified against all Debts of Her Royal Highnefs.

35

Annuity to be in part of J omture.

540 GEO. III.

present Majesty for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Profefiions, Trades and Offices, and from all other Taxes, Rates and AfTeffments, and all other Charges whatsoever, im-

Eofedor to be imposed by Authority of Parliament or otherwise owfoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon and from and after the Commencement of the Payment to Her Royal Highnefs at the Exchequer, of the said Annuity of Thirty five thousand Pounds, the said Annual Sums of Five thousand Pounds and Seventeen thousand Pounds respectively, heretofore payable and paid as aforesaid to Her Royal Highnefs under the Authority of His Royal Highnefs, shall be no longer payable or paid to Her Royal Highnefs ; and all War-rants for such Payments or Difpofitions thereof made by His Royal Highnefs for the Payment of such Sums respectively, to or for the Ufe or Benefit of Her Royal Highnefs, fhali become and be wholly void; and from thenceforth such several Sums of Five thousand Pounds and Seventeen thousand Pounds respectively, fhali, during the Continuance of the said Annuity of Thirty five thousand Pounds to Her Royal Highnefs, be referred at the Exchequer out of the Sums payable at the Exchequer to His Royal Highnefs, and be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain.

V. And be it further enacted. That His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent is hereby declared to be, and fhali be, and is by this A& freed and fully indemnified against, and wholly discharged from all Debts, Claims and Demands, which may hereafter be in* curred by, or may in any manner have arisen, or may hereafter arise out of any Expenditure of Her said Royal Highnefs; and every A&ion or Suit or Proceeding against His Royal Highnefs, or against any Commiifioner or Officer of His Royal Highneis, or affecting any Revenue of His Royal Highnefs, for or in refpe6t of any such Debt, Claim or Demand, fhali be and is hereby declared to be wholly null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

* VI. And Whereas an A 61 passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the * Reign of His present Majesty, intituled jin AS for the better en-‘ ailing Hie Majesty to make Provifion for a fare and certain Jointure * for Her Royal Highnefs the Princejs of Wales, for the Term of Her 1 Life : And Whereas no Letters Patent for granting any Annuity « under the said A& have been granted by His Majesty Be it therefore enacted, That the Annuity of Thirty five thousand Pounds, when granted and secured to Her Royal Highnefs under this Ad, fhali be and be deemed and taken to be in Part of the Fifty thousand Pounds allowed to be granted under the said recited Ad, and in lieu of Thirty five thousand Pounds of the (aid Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds.

CAP. CLXI.

An Ad for settling and securing an Annuity on Arthur Duke of Wellington and his Heirs ; and for empowering the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commiflioners of the Treasury to advance, out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, a Sum of Money in lieu of such Annuity, to purdufe an Eftate in order to accompany the said Tide, in consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the (aid

16	Duke

CjOOQle

C. itfi.

843

540 GEO. m.

Duke of Wellington to His Majesty and to the Public; and for making further Provifion for the Difpofal of a Sum of Money granted by an A£l of the last Seflion of Parliament for purchasing an Eftate for the said Duke, then Marquis of Wellington.	[29th July 1814.]

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	YT7HEREAS His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent, a&ing

*	VV in the Name and on the oehalf of Your Majesty, by His

*	moft gracious Mefiage to Your Majefty’s faithful Commons, hath

*	been pleased to declare that having taken into His Confideration

*	the many lignal Vi&ories obtained by Field Marfhal the Duke of 4 Wellington, His Royal Highnefs has been pleased to confer upon him

*	the Rank and Title of a Duke and Marquis of the United Kingdom;

*	and is desirous of further manifesting the Senfe he entertains of ** those great and extraordinary Services which have exalted the Re-

*	nown of the British Army, established the Independence and Safety

*	of Portugal and Spainy and contributed largely to the Tranquillity 4 of Europe; the Prince Regent therefore recommended to His 4 Maiefty’s faithful Commons to enable His Royal Highnefs to grant

*	fuen Annuity to Field Marfhal the Duke of Wellington and to the

*	Heirs of his Body who may succeed to the Title of Duke of WeU

4 lingtony as shall tend to support the high Dignity of the Title con-4 ferred, and be at the fame time a lasting Memorial of His Royal 4 Highnefs’s Feelings and of the Gratitude and Munificence of the 4 Nation ;* Now, We Your Majefty’s most dutiful and loyal Subje&s the Commons of the United Kingdom, in Parliament afTembled, duly considering Your Majcfty’s most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enabled 5 and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Annuity of One Annuity or Yearly Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds of lawful 13P00I. granted Money of Great Britain shall be issued and ilTuing and paid and	of

payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Confolidated	^

Fund of Great Britain (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay

all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former A& or A&s of Parliament to be paid out of the lame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund) ; and the fame shall from time to time be paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Dedu&ions whatsoever, in Manner and Form following; that is to fay. To Arthur now Duke of Wellington, and to the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke to whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Duke of Wellington shall defeend, pursuant to the Limitation of the Patent whereby the said Dignity is granted; and in Default of such Heirs Male, then to and for the Benefit of such Perfon or Per-fons, and to such Ufes as are hereinafter mentioned, limited and directed, expressed and declared ; which said Annuity or Yearly Rent Commence-or Sum shall commence and take EffeCt from the Tenth Day of OBober vent, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirteen ; the First Payment to be computed and made to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and from thence shall Payable be payable Quarterly at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Quarterly.

Year *





C.i6i.

A.D. 1814.

Treasury, on Application of Duke or his Heirs, may advance to Trustees under 33G.3. c.4. indead of Annuity, 400,0001. to purchale Lands, &c.

•c.133.

Trustees under 53 G.3.CC.4. 133. Trustees under Art, and ico,oool. fuh-jert to Regulations of Art.

Treasury by W arrant to direct Auditor

54* GEO. III.

Year ; that is to fay, the Tenth Day of Ofloter, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July in every Year.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commiflioners of the Treasury in Great Britain for the time being, upon Application of the said Duke, or of the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke who may succeed to the Title of the Duke of Wellington, to advance at one time, or from time to time, to the Trustees for the time being for the Purpofes of an Ad passed in the last Sefiion of Parliament, intituled An AQ for granting a Sum of Money for purchqfing an EJlate for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in Conjideration of the eminent and Jignal Services performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to His Majesty and the JPublic, as amended by another Ad # passed in the fame Sefiion of Parliament, out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, in lieu of the said Annuity of Thirteen thoo-fand Pounds, or any Part thereof, any Sum or Sums not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Purpose of enabling the said Trustees, with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commiflioners, to purchase Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be fettled to the Ufe of the said Duke and the Heirs Male of his Body to whom the Title of Duke of Wellington shall defeend, and to support the Dignity and the Dukedom ; and in Default of such Heirs Male, then to and for the Benefit of such Pcrfon or Perfons, and to such Ufes as are hereinafter mentioned, limited and directed, expressed and declared ; and from the time when such Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or any Portion thereof, may be so advaneed, the whole of the {aid Annuity, or a Part thereof proportionate to the Principal Sum so advaneed, shall cease and determine.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the time being for the Purpofes of the said recited Ads of the lafl Sefiion of Parliament shall be Trustees for the Purpofes of this Ad, and shall have all such Powers and Authorities, and be entitled to all such Rights, Privileges and Exemptions, and shall be subject to aH the fame Provifions and Regulations in the Execution of the Trail re-pofed in them by this Ad, as they have and are entitled to in relation to the Trufts of the said recited Ads; and that the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, granted by the said first recited Ad of the last Sefiion of Parliament, or so much thereof as shall not love been laid out in the Purchafe of Manors, Lands, Tenements or Here* ditaments, and also any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Heredita-mt'nts which may have been or may be purchased by or with the Money granted under the fame Ad, or any Part thereof, shall be liable and liihj ed to all the Rules, Regulations and Reftridiont in this Ad mentioned and contained with respect to the Money to be advanced under this Ad, and with respect to any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under this Ad, and at if the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds had been granted by this Ad, and as if the said Eftates had been purchased under the Provifions of this Ad.

IV.	And be it farther enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of Great Britain now' being, or any Three or more of them, and the Lord High Treafurer'

and



C. i5i.

54" GEO. III.

«4S

and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury of Greett Britain for the time being, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be applied for as aforesaid, and also from time to time for paying the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be payable, as the fame shall from time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and patted thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being for the Payment of the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be applied for as aforesaid, to such Trustees respectively as aforesaid, and also of such Annuity as aforesaid, to the said Duke of lVcllington and the Heirs Male or the Body of the said Duke of Wellington, or to such other Perfon or Perfons as shall be entitled to receive the fame, at the respective Quarterly Days in this Ad before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

V.	And be it further enacted. That after signing of any such Warrant the fame shall be good, valid and effeduau in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Ad, and shall not be determined or revocable by or upon the Demife of His Majesty (whom God long preferve!) or any of his Heirs or Succeflors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the said Treasury now being, and the Lord High Treasurer of the said Treasury for the time being. Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the said Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Minifters of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall and they are hereby authorized, and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Ads, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necettary to be done and performed by them or any or either of them, in order to render this Ad and the several Payments hereby directed effectual.

VII.	And be it further enacted,jThat the Acquittance and Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Truttees respectively, for any Sum so to be advanced to them and of the laid Duke of Wellington, or the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke of Welling-ton jointly with the fame Trustees or of such other Perfon or Perfons as (nail he entitled or authorized to receive any such Annuity, or any such Sum as aforesaid, shall be a good and lufficient Difcharge for jthe Payment of any such Sum or Sums so to be advanced without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Whalf, and that any such Sum so to be advanced and every Part

thereof.

of Exchequer to make forth Debentures for paying 400,000!. and Annuity.

Wa-Tant of Treasury valid

Tresfury,Vc. tn do necelfary

Acquit tanceftof Truftoes and Duke of Wei. lington, sufficient Difclurge.





C. 161

>4 6

54* GEO. in.	A.D.	1814.

Trustees empowered to lay out 400,0001. in Purchafe of Lands, &c.

If Money cannot be immediately lb inverted,Truf-tees may invert it in Exchequer Bilk.

thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impofitions and other Public Charges whatsoever 5 and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity, or any Sum so required to be advaneed, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&, or shall refuse to do any A& necessary to enable the said Trustees re-fpe&ively, and the (aid Duke of Wellington, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke, and such other Perfon or Perfons as shall be entitled to receive the fame, then the said Trustees respectively and Duke, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke, and such other Perfon or Perfons as shall be entitled to receive the fame or any Part thereof, may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Executors and Admi-niftrators, by Bill, Plaint or Adlion of Debt, and shall or may recover Judgments and sue out Executions thereupon against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, for so much of such Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, and for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing for any such Annuity as aforesaid as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Sum or Annuity, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refufal or NegleA to do any Adi necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to whom the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, may be advanced as aforesaid, and they are hereby required to lay out and invefi the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, in the Purchafe of any Freehold or Copyhold or Cuftomary Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of a good Eftate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in Pofleffion, to be free from Incumbrances, except Fee Farm and Quit Rents, and other Rents or Services, and to be lituate in any Part of Great Britain ; and the said Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall, when so purchased, be forthwith fettled, conveyed and allured, to the said Trustees, their Heirs and Affiros, to the Ufe of the said Duke of Wellington and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke of Wellington ; and in Default and on Failure of such Heirs Male, then to the said Trustees and their Heirs, to the Ufe of the said Trustees and their Heirs, upon the several Trusts, and for the Benefit of the several Perfons hereinafter limited and directed, mentioned, expressed and declared.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if on the Payment of the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, to such Trustees as aforesaid, the said Trustees shall not be able immediately to invefi the fame in any such Purchafe as afbrc-said, then and in such case the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to lay out such Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof so to be advanced or paid to them, or such Part thereof as cannot be so invested as aforesaid, in Exchequer Bills, or in any other Government Securities, and to keep the fame so invested in Exchequer Bills, or some other Government Securities, bearing Intereft until the fame can be invested m any such Purchafe as aforesaid; and in the mean timey and from time to time, to pay the latere#

anting

C^ooQle

»♦ 1

'A.D.1814.	54°	GEO. III*. *	C. 161*

arifing therefrom to the said Duke of Wellington) or the Perfori entitled for the time being to such Annuity as aforesaid.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Thc Duke em-Duke of Wellington, or for any Perfon upon whom the said Title of	*	°

Duke of Wellington shall descend, either before or after his Marriage the Dutchcfs of with any Woman or Women, by any Deed or Deeds or Writing or 2,5001. per Ann. Writings, with or without Power of Revocation, to be by him sealed in addition to and delivered in the Prefence of Two or more credible Witncfles foruaerJointures-(but subject and without Prejudice to the Annuity or Annuities, . yearly Sum or Sums, if any, which shall be then subsisting, and payable by way of Jointure or Jointures out of the said Manors, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, by virtue of any Grant, Limitation or Appointment, to be made in pursuance of the Power herein contained), to grant, limit and appoint unto such Woman or Women whom he shall so marry, for her or their Life or Lives, and for her or their Jointure or Jointures, in bar of Dower as hereinafter is expressed, any Annuity or yearly Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, of like lawful Money, clear of all Taxes, Charges and Deductions whatsoever, by A61 of Parliament or otherwise how-soever, to commence and take effect immediately after the Deceafe of the Perfon granting, limiting or appointingthe fame, and to be issuing and payable out of the said Annuity of Thirteen thousand Pounds hereby granted 5 provided the said principal Sura of Four hundred thousand Pounds shall not have been advanced as aforesaid, or out of the said Rents and Profits of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, provided the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds shall have been advanced and invested as aforesaid; or if Part of the said principal Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds shall have been advanced as aforesaid, then the said Annuity by way of Jointure shall be ifilling and payable proportionally out of the Part of the said Annuity of Thirteen thousand Pounds then remaining payable, and out of the Rents and Profits of the said Manor, Lands and Hereditaments, purchased with the said Part of such principal Sum so advanced as aforesaid, and to be paid and payable by equal quarterly Payments 5 and the first of the said quarterly Payments to be made on the Quarter Day which shall first happen after the Deceafe of the Perfon who shall have appointed the Annuity or yearly Sum last hereinbefore authorized: Provided always, that such Jointure or Jointures Provifo. shall and may be in addition to any Jointure or Jointures chargeable under the Provifions of the said first recited A6t of the last Seflion of Parliament, on Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, purchased or to be purchased by or with the Money granted by the ibid recited A&, or any Part thereof.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Limitation of Annuity of Thirteen thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall Jomture* from time to time remain payable, and the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this A61, shall not at one and the fame time be together subject to the Payment of more than the yearly Sum of Three thousand Pounds, for or in respect of any Jointure or Jointures which shall be made in pursuance of the Powers hereinbefore contained, in addition to the yearly Sum of Three thousand Pounds chargeable by the said first recited A61 of the last Seflion of Parliament, on Manors, Lands, Tenements •r Hereditaments, purchased or to be purchased by or with the

Money





nevertMefs, that the Execution of the aforesaid Jointuring Power, by any of the Perfons to whom such Power is given by the said recited AA or tine AAf shall not be prevented or invalidated by reason of any prior Charge for Jointures under the said recited AA or this A&, to the fall Amount allowed in and by the said recited AA and this A A ; but the Execution'of such Power* by any such Perfon, shall be good and efie&ual to create the Jointure thereby charged pursuant to the said recited A& or this AA, notwithfUnd’ng any prior Charge or Charges of Jointure under the Powers of the laid recited AA or this A&» to the full Amount allowed in and by the laid recited AA and this AA i and any subsequent Jointure ihall take effedfc when and as any prior Jointure or Jointures shall cease, and so far and to such Extent only as such prior Jointure shall ceafe* and to no further or greater Extent, and not to any further or greater Extent than the actual Amount of the Jointure charged by the Execution of such Power in manner aforesaid.

Lands 4b pur- XII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed* That the Mac-hated not fob- nors, Mefluages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so to be jc& to Dower, purchased under this AA as aforesaid, shall not be subject to Dower

of the Wife or Wives of the said Duke of Wellington, or of any of the Perfons who may fuccefEvely be seized thereof under the Limitations aforesaid.

The Duke em- XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the powered to lease said Duke of Wellington, and for the Heirs Male of the Body of ^an®n	the	faid	Duke,	who mall for the time being be in Pofleffioa of or en-

an Oil OUle,	f A tVin P onto on/4 PrnAto tlio CfttA T on/lf	TV—mtite

shall respectively be in the Pofleflion or entitled as aforesaid, to grant, demise and lease, all or any of such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which ftiau be so purchased under this A A as afore-faid (except such of them as shall consist of a Capital Manhon Houle, Gardens and Park, intended for the actual Residence and Occupation of those who for the time being shall be entitled in Pof-feflion to the Rents and Profits of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so to be purchafed), to any Perfon or Perfons, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty one Years, in Pofleflion, but not in Reversion, Remainder or Expe&ancy, or by way of future Interect, so as upon every such Leafe there be re* served and made payable, during the Continuance thereof refpe&-ivelv, the bell and moll improved yearly Rent or Rents that can he reasonably had or obtained for the fame, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Fine or Income, for or in respect of such Leafe or Leases, and so as the Leflees to be therein respectively named, and their respective Executors, Adminiftrators or Afsigns, be not made difpunifhable of or for Waite by any express Words therein, and so as that in every such Leafe there be contained a Con* dition or Claufe of Re-entry for Nonpayment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby respectively refervea, and so as such respective Leflees duly seal and deliver Counterparts of such Leafes respectively.

and may grant XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Building Leafes said Duke of Wellington, and for the Heirs Male of the Body of the for 90 Years. laid Duke who shall be entitled for the time being to any Manors*

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which feall be purchided to r



A.D.i3i4*	540	GEO.	HI. v	C.	849-

this Aft, or which iiall hare bden or shall fee pflrcBafet! tto&rltfie* *	^	"

said firlt recited Aft of thehift iSeffioft of Parliament, fey Indenture,^' sealed and delivered in thrJPrefenoe of and attested by Two credible Witnestes, to demife^ lease and grant such Manors, Lands, Tene*. ^ ments or Hereditansenses, or any Part thereof (except such Capita!^

Manfion House, Gardens and Park as aforefaid), unto any Peifon or !

Perfons who fhalLbe willing to build upon the fame, in the manner b f ® the Leafe or respective Leafes so to be granted to be specified, for". any Term or Number of Years absolute, not exceeding the Term of j Ninety Years, to take effect in Pofsession, and not in Reversion, or K by way of future Iuterect, with Liberty for the Leflec or LefTees to take down all or any Part or Parts of any Buildings which may be Handing upon the Premifes in any such Leafe or Leales respectively to be comprised, and to convert and dispose of the Materials thereof to*fuch IJfes and Purpofes as (hail be therein mentioned and agreed upon, and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Premifes to be comprized in such Leafe or Leafes as or for a Yard or Yards,

Garden or Gardens to any Building or Buildings which may be built upon the Premises, or as and for a Way or Ways, Street or Streets,

Road or Ro^ds, Avenue or Avenues, PafTage or Pafsages, Sewer or '

Sewers, for the Ufe and Convenience of the Leflee or LefTees, or othef Tenants or Occupiers of the Premises, in such manner as shall be mentioned and agreed upon in such Grant, Leafe or Demise, together with such Privileges and other Eafertients as shall be deemed reasonable or convenient, so as there be reserved in and by such Leases,

Demifes or Grants respectively the be ft and mod improved yearly Rent thatean be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, to be made payable Quarterly, free from all Deduftions whatsoever, regard being had to thf Value of the Buildings (if any) to be comprized in such Demifes or Leases, without taking any Fine, Premium or Foregift, or any thing in the nature thereof, for the making of such respective Leases, and so as there be contained in such Demifes or Leafes respectively Covenants from the respective LefTees, to pay the Rent thereby reserved, and to build and keep in Repair the Mefiuages,

Ereftions and Buildings which may be agreed to be erected and built on the Premifes thereby respectively to be leafed at the End of the Term or Terms in such Leafes granted, and so as there be contained in such Demifes or Leafes respectively a Power for the LefTors and their Surveyors and Agents to enter upon the Premises, and to in-fpeft the State and Condition thereof, and all such other usual and proper Covenants, Provifoes and Conditions, on the Parts of the respective LefTees, as are usually contained in Building Leases, and so as there be also contained in such Leases, Demifes or Grafts respectively Conditions of Re-entiy for Nonpayment of the Rents to be thereby reserved on Nonperformance of the Covenants, Provifoes or Conditions on the respective LefTees Part, and so as the respective Le(Tees do severally execute Counterparts of their respective Leafes.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for The Duke the said Duke of Wellington, or the Heirs Male of the Body of the anfwer^ble foe said Duke, who for the time being shall be entitled in PofTcflion to Wafte 0,1 the Rents, Iffiies and Profits of any Manors, Lands, Tenements and Manors, kc. Hereditaments so purchased or to be purchased and fettled as afore-laid under this Aft, or under the laid first recited Aft of thie lad 54 G®o. III.	3	I	Seffiea



C. !<>!.

54* GEO. III.	A.D.	1814.

Bucks made and Quarries dug.

Leaks, &c.

Reflriftion as to felling Timber.

Seflion of Parliament, to commit or permit any kind of malicious or destructive Wade in or upon such Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or in or upon any Part thereof 5 and if the said Duke of Wellington, or any such other Perfon as aforesaid, shall at any time or times commit or permit any such malicious or definitive Wall?, then and in every such case the said Duke, or any other such Perfon as aforesaid, so committing or permitting any such map licious or destructive Wade, and his or their Executors and Admi-nidrators, shall be rcfponfible in Damages to the Trudees for the time being, and shall accordingly, by virtue of this At, be fueable at Law by the said Trudees, in an At ion upon the Cafe, for such Damages ; and in every such Ation in which Judgment shall be given for the Plaintiff, Cods shall be awarded against the Defendant or Defendants 5 and all such Monies as shall be to recovered for Damages and Cods shall, after Payment of all Expences and Charges which shall be incurred or shall arise in Execution of this Part of the Truds of this At, be applied by the said Trudees for the time being in Improvement of any of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased and fettled as aforesaid, by Repairs, Buildings, Planting, Inclosure, Draining, or otherwise, in the fame manner as is hereinafter dire ted concerning the Application of the reliduary Surplus Money from Sale of Timber under the Provifioas hereinafter contained.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enated, That h shall be lawful for the said Duke of Wellington, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke, who shall be entitled for the time being to the Rents and Profits of any such Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, purchased or to be purchased under this At, or under the said first recited At of the last Seffion of Par-Hament, to dig any Brick Earth for making Bricks, or to fink, dig or work any Quarries of Stone, Mines of Coal, Minerals or other Mines, or to grant Leafes for any Term not exceeding Twenty ooe Years, of any Land for the making of Bricks, or sinking, digging or working any such Quarries or Mines in any such Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, other than and except on any of the Gardens or Parks near to or surrounding the Manfion of Refideoce, without being impeachable for any Waite by reason thereof.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the faid-Duke of Wellington, or any of the Heirt Male of the Body of the said Duke, to cut down or fell, or caufc to be cut down or felied, any Timber which shall be growing or Handing in or upon the Manors, Lands and Hereditaments so purchased or to be purchased and fettled under this Ad, or under the said first recited Ad of the last Sefiion of Parliament as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, otherwise than in manner hereinafter authorized $ and if any such Timber shall be felled or cut down in any other manner than it hereinafter authorized, the Perfon or Perfons so felling or cutting down such Timber, or causing the fame to be felled or cut down, (nail be responsible to the Trudees for the Purpofes of this Ad for the rime being, for the Value of the Timber so felled or cut down, and shall accordingly, by virtue of this Ad, be fueable by the said Trustees for the tune being in an Adion upon the Cafe for the (aid Damages, and in every such Adion in which Judgment shall be give*, for the Plaintiffs, Treble Colt* shall be awarded against the Defendant or Defendants ;

and



C 161.

851

and all such Same of Money as shall be so recovered for such Damages and Cofts, shall, after Payment of all Charges and Ex pence# which shall be incurred or arise in the Execution of this Branch of the Trufts of this A&, be applied by the said Trustees for the time being in the fame manner as hereinafter is directed in respect of the residuary Surplus Monies from the Sale of Timber under the Provi-fion8 for that Purpofe hereinafter mentioned.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That some time in the Month Survey of Tim of November in every Year, when Occafion shall require, and the ber mj*de fame shall be requeued by the said Duke of Wellington, or by any aniIua

of the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Duke who shall be Duke of Wellington, and as such entitled for the time being to the Rents and Profits of such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, a Survey and Valuation shall be made by some fit and proper Perfon or Perfons to be appointed by the Trustees for the time being, of all such Timber Handing, growing and being in or upon the laid Manors, Lands and Hereditaments so to be purchased and fettled as aforesaid, as it shall be the Wifh of the said Duke of Wellington, or the Duke of Wellington for the time being, to have cut down in course of the ensuing Year, and as shall be fit and in proper Course, or be otherwise advantageous or proper to be cut down 5 and such Survey and Valuation shall be reduced into Writing,* and being so written, shall be signed by the Perfon or Perfons appointed to make the fame, and be verified by his or their Oath or Oaths (to be administered to him or them by any Juftice of the Peace, any such Juftice being hereby authorized to administer the fame accord-ingly), and after such Survey and Valuation shall be made and fwom to as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees respectively, with the Confent and Approbation of the said Duke of Wellington, or the Duke of Wellington for the time being, as the case may be, such Confent to be teftitied by Writing under the Hand of the Duke of Wellington for the time being giving the fame, to order and diredi that the said Timber which shall have been fcie&ed and marked for cutting by the Perfon or Perfons making such Survey and Valuation, or so much of such Timber as shall be specified in such Confent of the said Duke of Wellington, or the Duke of Wellington for the time being, shall be forthwith cut down and felied, and fold and disposed of with all convenient Speed, for such Sum or Sums as to the said Trustees shall appear to be the best Price or Prices that can reafon-ably be had or obtained for the fame.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That the Monies from time to time to arise and be produced by every Sale of Timber as aforesaid, shall be paid to and received by the said Trustees for the time being ; r ^ and the said Trustees, after Payment of all Expences attending any Terror Prori-fuch Valuation and Sale, shall from time to time, in the first place, fet fion of Children, apart and appropriate so much of the Surplus Monies as, at the time

when such Sale shall be ordered as aforesaid, shall be equal in Amount to One Fourth Part of the then gross yearly Rental of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so pur-chafed and fettled as aforesaid, if the Produce of such Timber shall amount to so much, and do and shall, from time to time, by and out of the Monies which shall be so fet apart and appropriated, or by and out of the Monies produced by the Sale of such Timber, pay to tbs Pofcn who at the time of such Order as aforesaid shall be in

3 I a,	the

Application of Money arifinj hy Sale of Timber, in

C^ooQle

C.rtfi.

s52'

54* GEO. III.

A.D. 1814*

the Pofleffion or entitled to the Rents, lfliies and Profits of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased and fettled as aforesaid, or to the Executors or Adminiurators of such Perfon, a Sum equal to Ten Pounds her Centum on the Amount of the whole of such gross yearly Rental, for the Purpofe of paying and re-imburfing to such Perfon the Charges and Expences which J may have been incurred by him in necessary and incidental Repairs . upon the said Estates, and do and shall lay out and invell the Refidue j of the Monies (which shall be so fet apart and appropriated as afore- J said) in or upon any Government Stocks or Funds, or at Intereft on 1 any Real Securities, in the Names of the said Trustees for the time I being 5 and the said Trustees in whose Names the fame shall be so I invested, shall (land and be possessed of and interested in the said Stocks, Funds and Securities, upon the Trufts following; that is to -fay, Upon Truft from time to time during the Life of the Perfon who shall for the time being be so in Pofleffion or entitled to the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as aforesaid at the time such Timber shall in manner aforesaid be ordered to be felled and cut down, or until such Stocks, Funds and Securities shall be disposed of, in the Life-time of such Perfon, according to the Di-re&ion and Appointment of such Perfon, to be made and given in manner hereinafter mentioned, to receive the Dividends and Interelh, and annual Proceeds of the said Stocks, Funds and Securities, ind to lay out and invest the fame Dividends, Interefts and annual Proceeds in or upon any such other Stocks, Funds and Securities u aforesaid, in the way of Accumulation, and so from time to time during the whole of the said Life, or until such Difpofition as aforesaid u to the Interect, Dividends and annual Proceeds of such other Stocki, Funds and Securities, or of any such Stocks, Funds or Securities, in or upon which any like Accumulations shall afterwards, during such Life, or until such Difpofition as aforesaid be invested or placed out; I and from and immediately after the Death of the Perfon so being or having been in the PoiTeflion, or entitled as last aforesaid, or from and after such time as shall be directed and appointed by such Perfon in manner hereinafter mentioned, then as to all the said original Stocks, Funds and Securities, and also as to all those arising from fach Accumulations as aforesaid, In Truft for all and every or such One or more of the Children of the Perfon so being or having been in PoiTeflion, or entitled as last aforesaid (other than and except the eldest Son or only Son of such Perfon), at such Age or Ages, Day or Days, and Times, either during the Life-time or after the Deceafeof thePerfoa so being or having been in Pofleffion or entitled as aforesaid, and ia such Parts, Shares and Proportions, and with such Maintenance h the mean time, until the Alignment or Transfix of their refperiire ' Shares, and subject to such Provifoes and Limitations over (fuch Pro- I vifoes and Limitations nevertheless to be for the Benefit of fomeor One of the fame Children, except as aforefaid), and in such manner and Form as the Perfon so for the time being in Pofleffion, or entitled as aforesaid by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, with or without Power of Revocation or new Appointment, to be by such Perfon sealed and delivered in the Prefence of, and attested by Two or more credible Witnestes, or by the last Will and Teftament of such Perfon in Writing, or any Codicil or Codicils thereto to be signed and publilhed by such Perfon, in the Prcfence of Three or

mon j

I

(^.ooQle

1

Ci6i<

*S 3

A.D. 1814.

J4° GEO. Ill-

more credible Witneffes, shall dire6l or appoint; and in Default of and subject to such Dire&ion or Appointment, then in Truft for all and every the Child and Children of the Perfon so having been in Poflcllion or entitled as last aforesaid, other than and except the eldest or only Son of such Perfon, in equal Shares and Proportions, more than one; and if there shall be but One such Child, then in Truft for such One Child, and to afligto, transfer and make over the Share or Shares of such of them as shall be a Son or Sons, to him or them at his or their Age or respective Ages of Twenty one Years; and the Share or Shares of such of them as shall be a Daughter or Daugliters, to her or them at her or their Age or re-fpedtive Ages of Twenty one Years, or Day or respective Days of Marriage which shall first happen after the Deceafe of the Perfon so having been in Pofleffion or entitled as last aforesaid.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in case any Further Direc-fuch Child or Children being a Son or Sons (other than and except tionsastoAp-a9 aforefaid) shall attain the Age of Twenty one Years, or being a ^ca^onVg^cJjl

as aiuicxoiu j mem atumi uie ngc 01 1 wnuy uuc 1 cdxo, or ucing a r----------------------

Daughter shall attain the like Age, or be married in the Life-time Government *U

Crf thf* Pt'rfr»r> fr\ hptnrr in Piiffpffinn nr -ntitlnil nu lafl- rzfrvr&fn'iA it n

of the Perfon so being in Pofleffion, or entitled as last aforesaid, it Securities, shall and may be lawful for such Perfon to direeft. and appoint in manner aforesaid, that the Share or Shares of any such Son or Daughter of and in such Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities last mentioned, or any Part of such Share or Shares, shall and may be paid to any such Son or Daughter at the time when or at any time after he or (he shall attain such Age, or be married as aforesaid, and in Default of such Dire&ion or Appointment, then the Share or Shares of such Son or Sons so attaining the Age of Twenty one Years (other than and except as aforefaid), and of such Daughter or Daughters so attaining the like Age, or being married before such Age, of, in and to the said Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities last mentioned, or such Part of the said Stock, Funds and Securities, as shall not have been so directed or appointed as aforesaid, (tall re-fpe&ively be and be conlidered as a veiled Interefl or veiled Interefts in the fame Child or Children, and shall be tranfmiftible as such to his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators or Afligns, notwithftand-ing the Death of such Child or Children afterwards in the Life-time 01 the Perfon so in the Pofleflion or entitled as last aforesaid.

XXI.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Shares of fuel* Child being a Son, shall die under the Age of Twenty one Years, 7r,J?J^oney or become an eldest or only Son, or being a Daugliter, shall die j,°rjn CCT^ W under that Age, without having been married, then and in such case ^fes to Sur-and in Default of and subject to such Dire&ion or Appointment as vivois. aforesaid, the Share of each such Son so dying, or becoming an eldest or only Son, and of each such Daughter so dying without having been married a9 aforesaid, of and in the said Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities (other than what shall have been actually applied for the Advancement of such Son or Son9 as hereinafter mentioned)

shall from time to time go and accrue to the Survivors or Survivor, and others or other of the fame Children, and the rcfpe&ive Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns of such of them as shall be dead, having first acquired a veiled Intereft in their refpe6tive original Shares, and be equally divided between or amongst such Survivors and others of them, and the said Representatives of those who shall be dead (if more than one) in equal Shares and Proportions, and

(hall



C. 161.

3J4

Until Trnft

Funds become transferrable Dividends paid to Guardians for Maintenance of Children.

ft* geo. in.

A.D.t8i4*

Truflees empowered, in detank of other Appuintment,to dil pole of Shares of Son* to a certain Amount for their Benefit.

In case of no

•Children, Trustees poflef-fed ofTruft Funds for Executors, See.

Truflees with Confent of Per-fon in Pofleflion may change Securities.

shall be transferrable and payable at the fame Ages, Days and Times respectively as his, her or their original Share or Shares, and such Benefit of Survivorfhip or Accruer shall extend as well to the surviving or accruing as to the original Shares.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That in the mean time after the Death of the Perfon so having been entitled or in Poffeffion as lafl aforesaid, or until the said Trufl Stocks, Funds and Securities thall become assignable or transferrable by virtue of the Trufts aforesaid, the Dividends, Interell and Annual Proceeds thereof, or of so much thereof, whereof no such Dire&ion or Appointment shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Guardian or Guardians for the time being, of such Child or Children whole Share or respective Shares of the said Trufl Stocks, Funds and Securities shall not then have become assignable or transferrable as aforesaid, to be applied for and towards the Maintenance and Education, and for the Benefit of the fame Child or Children (if more than one) according and in proportion to their several apparent or preemptive Rights and Shares in the said Trufl Stocks, Funds and Securities.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Truflees for the time being, of the laid lafl mentioned Trufl Stocks, Funds and Securities, at any time during the Life of any Perfon so being entitled or in Pofleflion as aforesaid, according to such Dire&ion and Appointment as aforesaid, and by and with the Confent and Approbation of such Perfon, or at any time after the Deccafe of the Perfon so having been in Pofleflion, or entitled as lafl aforesaid; and in Default of any such Appointment dr Dire&ion by such Perfon, then for the said Truflees upon their own Authority to fell and dispose of, or call in and receive any Part of the Share or Shares of such Child or Children, being a Son or Sons, of and in the said Trufl Stocks, Funds and Securities, so as the Sum or Sums to be railed or called in do not exceed the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds in the whole for any one such Son, and to apply the fame Sum or Sums for placing out such Son or Sons in any Profeflion or Employment, or for his or their Inftru&ion therein, or for purchasing him or them a Commifiion in the Army, or other-wife for his or their Advancement or Benefit, notwithfuuiding that such his or their Share or Shares shall not then have become veiled, due and payable, or notwithstanding that such Son or Sons shall not have attained the Age of Twenty one Years.

XXIV.	And be it further cna&ed. That in case the Perfon so in Pofleflion or entitled to the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as lafl aforesaid, shall die without having any Child or Children who shall live to become entitled to the said lafl mentioned Trufl Stocks, Funds and Securities, then and in such case the Truflees thereof for the time being shall stand possessed of and interested in the fame Trufl Stocks, Funds and Securities, in Trufl for the Executors or Adminillrators of the Perfon so dying having been in Pofleflion and entitled as lafl aforesaid, and to aisign, transfer and make over the fame accordingly.

XXV.	And he it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Truflees with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Perfon so in Pofleflion or entitled to the Rents, IfTues and Profits of tire said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments for the time being, to fell and dispose of all or any Part of the said lafl mentioned

Trufl





Ci 6t.

8JS

Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities, and to lay out and in veil the Monies thereon arising in or upon any other such Government or Real Securities as aforesaid, and in like manner to alter, vary and change such other Government Stocks, Funds and Real Securities for others of the fame or the like nature, and so from time to time as often as shall be deemed expedient, subject always nevertheless to the Trufts thereof hereinbefore declared.

XXVI.	And as to, for and concerning the Refidue of the Surplus of the Monies which shall from time to time arise and be produced by every such Sale of Timber so to be cut down and felled as aforefaid* after setting apart and appropriating so much thereof as is herein directed to be fet apart and appropriated for the Purpofes aforesaid,

be it further enabled, That the said Trustees of this Acl for the time Trustees to ap-

being shall apply all such residuary Monies in such Improvement and ply Refidue of

Melioration of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments b of Tim-

so to be purchased and fettled as aforesaid, or of some Part thereof, i,cr' in |mprove-

by Buildings, Reparation, Planting, Inclofiwe, Draining or other- ment of Manors

wife, as the Trustees of this A£1 for the time being, with the Confent purchased.

of the said Duke of Wellington, or the Perfon or Perfons seised of or

entitled to the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in

Pofleflion for the time being, or in case of Infancy, his or their

Guardian or Guardians for the time being, shall think moil proper ;

or if the said Trustees for the time being or a Majority of them (hall

difagree with the said Duke of WrUingtony or the Perfon or Perfons

so seized or entitled as aforesaid, or his or their Guardian or Guardians

about the manner of such Application, then as the Lord HighTrea-

furer or the First Commifiioner of the Treasury for the time being*'

shall on a Reference to him by any of the Parties who shall so differ by any Writing or Writings to be sealed and delivered by him, direct and appoint.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it shall Trustees with be lawful for the Trustees for the time being under this ACf, at the C-’onic-nt Requeft and with the Confent and Approbation of the Perfon or

Perfons for the time being, entitled m PoiTc(lion to the Rents and changC Manors, Profits of any Manors, Lauds, Tenements and Hereditaments so &c. and pur-purchafed or to be purchased as aforesaid (fuch Confent and Appro- dul'e others, bation to be testified by Writing under his, her or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, and attested by Two nr more credible Witneftcs)* to fell or exchange any such Manors, Meftuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the Purpofe of pm chafing any other Manors*

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of a good Eftate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in PofTeflion, and to be free from Incumbrances, and situate in Great Britain as aforesaid ; and for that Purpofe to convey by way of Sale or by way of Exchange all or any of such Manors*

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, unto any Perfon or Perfons, and his and her or their Heirs and Afligns rtfpe&ively, either together or in Parcels for such Equivalent in Money, or in Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as to them the Trustees for the time being shall seem meet ; and it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the time being, and they are hereby required to lay out and invest the Purchafe Money which shall arifo from every or any such Sale, or any Part thereof, in the Purchafe of other Manors* Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of a good Eftate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in Pofteffion, free from In cum#

3 I 4	trance#,





C 161

8 $6

549 GEO. III.	A'D.1814.

brances, and situate in Great Britain a* aforesaid, and in the mean time to lay out and keep invested in Public Stocks or Government Securities in ther Names the Purchafe Money to be received as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall not have been applied in the Purchafe of other such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as aforesaid, and to pay and apply the Intereil, Dividends and Income thereof to the Perfon who for the time being would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, if such Purchafe had actually been made ; and when any such Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments hereby made exchangeable as aforesaid shall be so disposed of and conveyed in Exchange for or in lieu of any other Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, and when all or any other such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall have been purchased with Money arising from any such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so taken in Exchange, or purchased as last aforesaid, shall be well fettled, conveyed and allured to the Ufe of such Perfons, and for such Eilates and under and subject to such Powers and Provifions as the Caid Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall by virtue of this Ad be so disposed of by way of Sale or in Exchange, would under the Limitations in this Ad contained have stood limited, if the fame had not been fold or exchanged ; and all and every Perfon and Perfons to whom any such Conveyance of all or any of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hereby made saleable or exchangeable as aforesaid, shall have been made by way of Sale or in Exchange; and the respective Heirs and Afligns of such Perfon and Perfons (nail and may have, hold and enjoy the Hereditaments which shall by them respectively be purchased or taken in Exchange, freed and abiolutely dilcharged of and from all the Ufes, Eilates, Charges, Powers and Provifions hereby limited, expressed and declared of and concerning the fame Hereditaments, other than and except such Demifes or Leafes as shall have been previously made in pur. fuance of the Powers in that behalf herein contained.

Annuity, or	XXVIII.	And	be it further euacted, That so long as the faid

Manors, ice. not Title, Honour and Dignity of Duke of Wellington shall endure, and aliened or in- until there shall be a Failure of Heirs Male of the Body of the cum , c. fgdd Arthur Duke of Wellington, to whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Duke of Wellington might defeend, pursuant to the Limitations of the Patent whereby the said Dignity is granted, neither the said Duke of Wellington, nor any of the Heirs Male of his Body to whom the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds, or any the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased shall (land limited under this Adt, (hail alien, convey, dispose, charge or incumber the said Annuity, or any . Part thereof, or the said Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for any greater or larger Eftate or Time than during the natural Life of the Perfon so aliening, conveying, difposing, charging or incumbering the fame, nor shall have any Power by Fine or Recovery, or by the Exercife of any Power, or by any other Adi, Aflurance or Conveyance in the Law to dif-continue the Eftate of, or to hinder, bar or disinherit any the Perfon or Perfons in, to or upon whom the said Annuity, or any Part thereof, or any the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Heredita.

menu

CjOOQle

C. 161.

857

A.D. 1814.

54° GEO. HI.

ments are by this *Aft to be veiled or limited, or appointed to come or descend, from succeeding to, holding or enjoying, receiving or taking the fame Annuity, or any Part thereof, or any the said Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments according to the said Limitations, other than and except by means of such Leafes and Joiutures, and Power of felling and felling Timber and difpofmg of the Monies thence arising, as may be made or exercised under the Provifions of this Adi, and by means of Grants of Lands or Tenements held by Copy of Court Roll, according to the Cuftoms of the respective Manors to be purchased whereof the fame may be held 5 but all such Fines, Recoveries, Adis, AfTurances and Conveyances, other than such Leafes and Jointures, and Powers and Grants by Copy as aforesaid, fhali be and are hereby declared and enacted to be void.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That upon Failure and in Settlement of Default of Heirs Male of the Body of the said Arthur Duke of Annuity end Wellington, to whom the said Title, Honour , and Dignity of Duke Manors»*e« m of Wellington might descend as aforesaid, if at the time of such Male” Failure there shall be Iflue of the Body of the said Arthur Duke of Wellington, being only One Daughter of the said Duke, or only One Daughter of any Heir Male of the Body of the said Duke, or being only One Defcendant of any such Daugliter; then and in such cate as to the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall then remain payable ; and as to the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as fhali not have been advanced as aforesaid ; and as to the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds granted by the said (irft recited Aft of the lad Seilion of Parliament, or so much thereof as fhali not have been paid according to the said A61; and at to the Exchequer Bills or other Securities in which the said several Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, may have been and may remain inverted by the Trustees of this A6t for the time being; and also as to all and every the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be' purchased with the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, under this A6t, or which may have been or may be purchased with the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, granted by the said recited A61 of the last Sefiion of Parliament 5 the Trustees for the time being under this A61 shall convey and afTure all and every the said Annuities, Sums of Money, and Eftates to the Ufe of any such only Daugliter, or of any such only Defcendant of any such Daugliter, and to the Heirs and Afligns of any such only Daugliter, or only Defcendant of any such Daugliter, for ever $ and if at the time of such Failure of Heirs Male of the Body of the said Arthur Duke of Wellington there shall be Two or more Perfons,

IfTue of the Body of the said Duke, being Daughters of the said Duke, or Daughters of any Heir Male of the Body of the said Duke, or being One or more such Daughter ''r Daugliters, and any Defcendant or Defendants of any other Daughter or Daugliters, or being all Defendants of any such Daughter or Daugliters, then and ia such case as to the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds granted by the said recited Aft of the lafl Seffion of Parliament, or so much thereof as shall not have been paid according to the Dire6lions of the said recited Aft} and as to the Exchequer

Bills



«5*	C.161.	54° GEO. IIL	A.D. 1814.

Bills or other Securities in which the fame, or any Part thereof, may have been and shall remain in veiled by the Trullees for the time being 5 and as to all and every Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall or may have been purchased with the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, the Trullees for the time being under this Aft shall Hand and be seised and poflelTcd of, and interested in the lame and every Part thereof, upon the Trulls following; that is to lay. In Trull for all such Daughters and Defendants of Daugliters, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, in equal Shares and Proportions, and to convey, assign, transfer and make over the Share or Shares of each of such Daugliters, at their respective Ages of Twenty one Years or respective Days of Marriage, which shall first happen after the Deceafe of such Duke of Wellington for the time being, by whose Deceafe such Failure of Heirs Male of the Body of the said Arthur Duke of Wellington shall happen ; and the Share or Shares of such of the Defendants of Daughters as shall be a Son or Sons, to him or them at his or their Age or respective Ages of Twenty one Years ; and the Share or Shares of such Defendants of Daughter* as shall be a Daughter or Daugliters, to her or them at her or their Age or respective Ages of Twenty one Years or Day or respective Days of Marriage, which shall firll happen after the Deceafe of such Duke of Wellington for the time being as aforesaid, with Cross Remainders between and among all and every such Daughters and Defendants of Daughters ; and as to the said Annuity of Thirteen thousand Pounds by this Aft granted, or so much thereof as shall not have been advanced as aforesaid, and as to the said Sum of Four hundred thou* sand Pounds, or so much thereof as may not have been advanced as aforesaid, and as to the Exchequer Bills or other Securities in which the fame, or any Part thereof, may have been and may remain invested by the Truflees for the time being ; and a9 to all and every the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which may have been pur-chafed with the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, the Trullees for the time being under this Acl shall Hand and be polTeffed of, and interested in the fame, and every Part thereof, upon the Trulls following; that is to fay. In Trull for all and every or any such One or more of such Daugliters, and Descendants of Daugliters, at such Age or Ages, Day or Days, Time or Times, and in such Parts, Shares and Proportions, and with such Maintenance in the mean time, until the Conveyance, AUignment or Transfer of their respective Shares, and subject to such Provifoes and Limitations over (fuch Provifoes and Limitations nevertheless to be for the Benefit of some or One of the fame Daugliters, or Defendants of Daughters), and in such Manner and Form as the said Arthur Duke of Wellington, or the Perfon being Duke of Wellington for the time being, shall, on Failure of such Heirs Male as aforesaid, direct or appoint, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writing*, with or without Power of Revocation or new Appointment, to be by such .Duke of Wellington for the time being leafed and delivered, in the Prefence of and attelled by Two or more credible Witneffes, or by the lall Will and Teflament of such Duke of Wellington foo the time being, in Writing, or any Codicil or Codicils thereto, to be signed and publilhed in the Prefence of Three or more credible Wit* Defies; and in Default of and fabjeft to focbDiflrdioo or Appoint*

meat.



C. 161.

859

A.D.1814*

540 GEO. III.

ment, then in Truft for all such Daugliters, and Defcendants of Daugliters, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, in equal Shares and Proportions, with Cross Remainders between and among all and every such Daugliters, and Defcendants of Daugliters, and to convey, assign, transfer and make over the Shares of such Daugliters, or Defcendants of Daugliters, at such Days and Times as are hereinbefore mentioned and directed with respect: to the Shares of Daugliters, and Defcendants of Daugliters, of and in the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, and of and in the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments purchased or to be purchased therewith.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon Settlement in Failure of Heirs of the Body of the said Arthur Duke of Wellington, case of Failure the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds, Heirs of th© or so much thereof as shall then remain payable, and the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall not have u e‘ been advanced as aforesaid, and the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, granted by the said first recited Ad of the iaft Seflion of Parliament, or so much thereof as shall not have been paid ; and the Exchequer Bills or other Securities in which the said several Sums, or any Part thereof, may have been and remain inverted as aforesaid ; and all and every the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall or may be purchased with the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or which have been or may be purchased with the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall go and remain to the LJfe of the said Arthur Duke of Wellington and his Heirs and Afligns for ever; which ultimate Remainder or Reverfion in Fee Simple it shall be lawful for the said Duke of Wellington and his Heirs and Afligns, at any time or times during the Continuance of the said Honour, Title and Dignity of Duke of Wellington, and until there shall be a Failure of Iffue of the Body of the said Arthur Duke of Wellington as aforesaid, to grant, convey, devise and dispose of by Deed or Will, or by any other Aflurance or Affurances, by which Freehold Eftates in Remainder or Reverfion are capable by Law of being conveyed or dif-pofed of 5 any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

* XXXI. And Whereas by the said recited Aft parted in the last 53^.3. c.133. Sefiion of Parliament, intituled An Ad to amend an Ad of the trefent § 3.

SeJJion of Parliament^ for granting a Sum of Money for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in Corf deration of the eminent andJignat Services performed by the said Marquis ofWellington to His Majesty and the Public, the Trustees for the Purpofe of the said first recited Aft are empowered to lay out a Sum not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds in building a Manfion House and laying out a Park or Plea-fure Ground or Garden, and in improving or ornamenting the fame, or in repairing or altering any Manfion House which should be then (landing upon Lands purchased for the Purpofes of the said first recited Aft: And Whereas it is expedient that a larger Sum should be allowed to be expended for the said Purpofes in Keu of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds :9 Be it therefore enacted, That £ x copoo hid t shall be lawful for the said Trustees to lay out any Sum not exceding out for Manfion n the whole the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, out of the faia Houle, kc. m-Annuity, or out of the said Four hundred thousand Pounds, to be 0 10,000 * advanced as aforesaid under this Aft, and to pay and apply fuch

Sum,



86o

C.:61,	•

A.D.1814.

A& altered &cr

Annuity of a.oocl. per Ann fettled on Loid Beresford, and hjs Heirs lor ever.

54® GEO. IIL

Sum, not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds in the whole, in and about the building or repairing and altering any Manfioa House upon Lands to be purchased under this Ad, and in and about providing, laying out and embellishing a Park, Garden and Pleafure Ground in such manner as in the said recited Ad of thejlaft Seffion of Parliament, for amending the said first recited Ad of the said Seffion is more particularly specified, and so as the fame may be a fit and suitable Refidence of the Duke of Wellington ; any thing in the said recited Ad to the contrary notwithllanding. •

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Ad maj be altered, amended or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be palled is this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CLXH.

An Ad for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Beresford\ and the Perfons to whom the Title of Lord Beresford fhail defeend, in Confideration of his eminent Services.

[29th July 1814.]

* Mod Gracious Sovereign,

*	TT7 HE REAS His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent, ading

*	W in the Name and on the Behalf of Your Majesty, by His

*	mod Gracious Meflage to Your mod faithful Commons, hath

*	been pleased to declare, That having taken into His ConfideT-

*	ation the didinguidied Services performed by William Carr Lord

*	Beresford, a Lieutenant General in His Majefty’s Army, in the

*	Courle of the War in Portugal and Spain; and being detirous

*	to confer some signal Mark of His Favour upon the said William 4 Carr Lord Beresford, recommended to Your Majefly’s faithful « Commons the Adoption of such Meafures as may be necedary for

*	the Accomplifiiment of this important Purpofe ;* Now, We Your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjcds, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, duly conbdering Your Majefty’s mod Gracious Intention, do mod humbly beseech Your Majedy that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That Ose

. Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain (after paying, or reierving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Ad or Ads of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of the said Fund) $ and the fame shall from time to time be paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Dedudions whatsoever, in Manner and Form following; that is to fay, To the (aid Lord Beresford, for and during the natural Life of the said Lord Berts-ford, and from and after his Decease, unto the fuccceding Hein Male of the Body of the said Lord Beresford, on whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Beresford shall defeend, for ever { which said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, shall commence and take Effcd from the Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred



C.162.

A.D. 1814.	54'	GEO.	III.

861

and fourteen 5 the First Payment to be computed from the said Third Commence Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen until the meDt*

Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Pay ment in the Year ; that is to fay, the Tenth Day of Ofiober, the Payable Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day Quarterly, of July, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and maybe Annuity paid at lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury now Exchequer, being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exche- w,thout Ftc* quer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from time to time for paying the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, in manner as aforesaid, and as the fame shall, from time to time, become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, to the said Lord Beresford, and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Beresford, at the re-fpedlive Quarterly Feaft Days in this Adt before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III.	And it is hereby further enabled, That after signing of such Wtmmfor Warrant the fame shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, accord- Payment not ing to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Aft,

and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demife

of His Majesty (whom God long preserve !) or of any of his Heirs &c.	*

or SuccefTors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the

said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer,

or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of

them, or any of them.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, &c. Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for neceBbT the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and A **

Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Miniflers of

the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and ftri£Uy enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Adis,

Matters and Things, as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Adi, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

V.	*And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt of Receipt or Receipts, of the said Lord Beresford, and the fucceed- ljOT* beresford* ing Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Beresford on whom ” ^*ent the said Title fh ill defeeud, shall be a good and sufficient Difcharge 1 c

for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sura, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part Annuity Tax

thereof, free-

v^ooQle

862

A.D.i8l4*

How Annuity rtcoveied.

How far Annuity miy he aliened or incumbered.

C. 162,163.	540	GEO*	III.

thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxet, Jmpofitions and other Charges whatsoever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majelty’s Exchequer (hail refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, or to do any Aft necessary to enable the said Lord Berexford, and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Berexford, on whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Berexford shall descend, to receive the fame, then the said Lord Berexford, and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Berexford, on whom the said Title shall descend, may from time to time, sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, by Bill, Plaint or Aftion of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, againi such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftraton, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, ai fhal! have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refufal or Neglect to do any Aft necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers reipec* tively.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, shall be and the fame is by this Aft veiled in the said Lord Berexford, and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Berexford, to whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Berexford lhalldcfcend ; and the fame, or any Part thereof, shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or incumbered, by the said Hord Berex• ford, or by any of the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Berexford, on whom the said Title shall descend, for any greater or larger Estate, or Time, than during the natural Life oif the Perfon so aliening, conveying, difposing, charging or encumbering the fame, so as to prevent the Tame from defeending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Berexford, to whom the said Title of Lord Berexford shall descend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

CAP. CLXIII.

An Aft for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Com-bermere, and the Two next Perfons to whom the Title of Lord Cornbermere shall descend, in Confideration of his emL nent Services.	[29th	July	1814]

* Moll Gracious Sovereign,

€ TT7HEREAS His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent* a£bog

*	VV in the Name and on the Behalf of Your Majeity, by Hi»

*	moll Gracious MelTage to Your Majeily's faithful Commons, hath

*	been pleased to declare, That having taken into Confideratioift the

*	dillinguiffied Services performed by Lieutenant General Stapktm

*	Lord Comber mere, in the Courfe of the War in Portugal and Sp*m;

*	and being desirous of bellowing on the said Lord Comlermerc a

*	fignal Mark of His Fayour, and for this Purpofe to girt and grant

* unto

v^-ooQle

A.D. 1814.

863

540 GEO. HI.	C.	163*

« unto the said Lord'Combermere, and the Two next succeeding Heir*

*	Male of his Body, to whom the Title of Baron Combermere shall 4 descend, a nett Annuity of Two thousand Pounds, recommended to « Your faithful Commons to conhder of a proper Method of enabling

*	Your Majelty to grant the fameNow, We Your Majefty’s moS dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majefty's moll Gracious Intention, do mod humbly beseech Your Majelty that it maybe enacted ; and be it enacted by The King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That One Anftuity, or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain (after paying, or referring sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Moneyas have been directed by any former A6t or A&s of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of the said Fund) 5 and the fame shall from time to time be paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, in Manner and Form following; that is to fay, To the said Lord Combermere, for and during the natural Life of the said Lord Combermere, and from and after his Decease, unto the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Combermere, on whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Combermere shall descend, for and during their natural Lives ; which said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, shall commence and take EffeCt from the Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; the First Payment to be computed from the said Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that i3 to fay, the Tenth Day of 0Sober, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commiflioners of His Majefty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treafiirer of the Exchequer, and Commiflioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and puss Debentures, from time to time, for paying the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thou-fand Pounds, in manner as aforesaid, and as the fame shall, from time to time, become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth, and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the feverai and relpeftive Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, ibr the Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, to the (aid Lord Combermere, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Combermere, at the respective Quarterly Feaft Da/» in this A& before appointed for Payment thereof, without

II	any

Annuity of a,oo L per Ann. fettled on Lord Combermere and the Two next Heirs £• Title.

Commence*

meat.

Payable

Quarterly.

Annuity paid at Exchequer, without Fees.



864

Warrant for Payment not determinable upon Demife of His M a jelly, fcc.

Treasury, ice. to do neceiUiy

A tii.

Receipt of Lord Combcrmere, ice. l'littuient Discharge.

Annuity Tax free.

How Annuity recovered.

How far Annuity may be

C. 163*	54e	GEO. III.	A.D.	1814

any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that

behalf.

III.	And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Warrant the fame shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this A ft, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demife of His Majesty (whom God long preferve!) or of any of his Heirs or Succefiors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commiflioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Commiflioners of the Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains 2nd Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Mmiflers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and ftrieilr enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts Matters and Things, as are hereinbefore directed and required, or {ball be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Aft, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

V.	And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Lord Combermere9 and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Comber meref on whom the said Title shall defeend, shall be a good and sufficient Difcharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained ia that behalf; and that the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, anti every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impofitions and other Charges whatsoever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, or to do any Aft necefTary to enable the said Lord Combermere, aj»d the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Combermere y on whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Combermere shall defeend, to receive the fame, then the said Lord Ccmbermsre7 and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the laid Lord Combermere, on whom the said Title shall defeend, may, fnnn time to time, sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any ui them, their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, by Bill, Plaint or Aftion of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Adminiflrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent car Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when demands shall have been legally made of the Paymenkof the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as afbee-said, or for the Refufal or Negleft to do any Aft necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, shall be and the fame »



A.D.i8i4*	j4*	GEO.III.	C.1^3,	164.	865

by this Aft vested in the said Lord Combermere, and the Two next aliened or in-fucceeding Hf :rs Male of the Body of the said Lord Combermere, cumbered. to whom tho f t id Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Comber mere shall defeend; and the fame or any Part thereof shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or in-cumbered, by the said Lord Combcrmere, or by either of the Two nexi Sc seeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Combermere, on wioin the said Title shall defeend, for any greater or larger Estate, or Time, than during the natural Life of the Perfon so aliening, conveying, difposing, charging or encumbering the fame, so as to prevent the lame from defeending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Combermere, to whom the said Title of Lord Combermere shall defeend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

CAP. CLXIV.

An Aft for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Ex mouthy and the Perfons to whom the Title of Lord Exmouth shall defeend, in Confideration of his eminent Services.

[29th July 1814.]

1 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	TT7HEREAS His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent, acting ‘ VV in the Name and on Behalf of Your Majesty, by His molt € Gracious Meflage to Your Majefty's faithful Commons, hath been

*	pleafed to declare, That having takeit into Confideration the dif-

*	tinguilhed Services performed by Vice Admiral Edward Lord 4 Exmouth in the Courfe of the late War, and being desirous of

*	bellowing upon the said Lord Exmouth a signal Mark of His € Fayour, and for this Purpofe to give and grant unto the said Lord

*	Exmouth, and the Heirs Male of His Body to whom the Title of

*	Baron Exmouth of Canonteign in the County of Devon shall defeend,

*	a nett Annuity of Two thousand Pounds, recommended to Your € faithful Commons to consider of a proper Method of enabling Your 4 Majeflv to grant the fame Now, We Your Majofty's moil dutiful and loyal Subjests, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parlia-ment assembled, duly considering Your Majcily's moil Gracious Intention, do moll humbly befeeeh Your Majesty that it may be ona&ed 5 and be it enabled by The King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the fame. That One Annuity or Yearly Rent or Annuity of Sum of Two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, i,ogo1s per Ann. shall be ifTuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain (after paying, or reserving his Heirs*, sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Aft or A6I9 of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of the said Fund) ; and the fame shall from time to time be paid quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deduftions whatsoever, in Manner and Form following; that is to fay. To the said Lord Exmouth, for and during the natural Life of the said Lord Exmouth, and from and after his Decease, unto the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Exmouth, on 54 Geo. III.	3	K	whom





866

C. 164.

A«r)> 1814*

f

Comtr.ence-

wiei.u

Piy >ble ^uaircrly.

Annuity paid at Ex:hequer, without Feel.

Warrant for Payment uot determinable ujwn Demife of His Majesty, He.

Trt.afu:y, &<*. to do neceflary

A cit.

Receipt of J.ord Exmouih, Jtc. sufficient Diichajge.

54° GEO. III.

whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Exmouth shall defeend, for and during their natural Lives + ; which said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, shall commence and take Effeft from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen 5 the Firffc Payment to be computed from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the Tenth Day of OSohcr One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year ; that is to fay, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of October, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II.	And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury now being, and the High Trcafurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commiflioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from time to time, for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, in manner as aforesaid, and as the fame shall from time to time become due and payable without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and palled thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and refpeftivc Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, to the said Lord Exmouth, and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Exmoutb9 at the respective quarterly Feafl Days in this Aft before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III.	And it is hereby further enacted, That after (igning of such Warrant, the fame shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Aft, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demife of His Majessy, (whom God long preserve !) or of any of his Heirs or SucccfTors, or by or upon tne Death or Removal of any of the said Commiflioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treafurer* or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That the Commiflioners of the Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Minifter* of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Afts. Matters and Things, as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necefTary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Aft, and the several Payments hereby dirested, effectual.

V.	And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Lord Exmouthf «od the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Exmoiuh on whom dm laid

Tide





867

AJ).i8i4*	54°	GEO.III.	C.	164, 165.

Title shall descend, shall be a good and sufficient Difcharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that Annuity Tax the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, frec* shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impofitions and other Charges whatsoever : And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His How Annuity Majefty’s Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity, recovered, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, or to do any Aft necessary to enable the said Lord Exmoutb% and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Exmoutby on whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Exmouth, shall descend, to receive the fame, then the said Lord Exmoutb and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord jExmouth, on whom the laid Title shall descend, may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, by Bill, Plaint or Aftion of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs,

Executors or Admimllrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refutal or Negleft to do any Aft necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, yearly How far An-Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, shall be and the fame is by nu»ty may be this Aft veiled in the said Lord Exmouth, and the succeeding Heirs allen®d ,n“ Male of the Body of the said Lord Exmouth, to whom the said Title, cum trc ' Honour and Dignity of Lord Exmoutb shall descend; and the fame or any Part thereof shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or incumbered, by the said Lord Exmouth, or by any of the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Exmouth, on whom the said Title shall descend, for any greater or larger Eslate, or Time, than during the natural Life of the Perfon so aliening, conveying, difposing, charging or incumbering the fame, so as to prevent the fame from descending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Exmouth, to whom the said Title of Lord Exmoutb shall descend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

CAP. CLXV.

An Aft: for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Hill% and the Perfons to whom the Title of Lord Hill shall descend, in Confideration of his eminent Services.

[29th July 1814.]

Moll Gracious Sovereign,

"TT^HEREAS His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent, afting

*	VV in the Name and on the Behalf of Your Majesty, by His

•	moft Gracious Meffage to Your Majefty’s faithful Commons, hath € been pleased to declare, That having taken into Confideration

the difunguifhed Services performed by Rowland Lord Hill a

3 K 2	*	Lieutenant





8(58

A.D.i8i4>

# Annuity of 1,^001. per Ann, ferried on Lord }l>!l,and his Heirs for ever.

Comtrence-tnent.

Pay ible qua» terly.

Annuity pnid at Enltequer, without Fees.

C.165.	54’	GEO.	III.

1 Lieutenant General in His Majefty’s Army, in the Courfc of the 1 War in Portugal and Spain ; and being desirous to confer some ‘ signal Mark of His Favour upon the laid Rowland Lord Hill,

*	recommended to Your faithful Commons the Adoption of fuch

•	Meafures as may be necessary for the Accomplishment of this 4 important Purpose:’ Now, We Your Majefty’s rr ,11 dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, duly coniidering Your Majefty’s molt Gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That One Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Two Thoufand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be ifTuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain (after paying, or referring sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Ad or Ads of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of the said Fund); and the fame shall from time to time be paid quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Dedudions whatsoever, in manner and Form following 5 that is to fay, To the said Lord Hill, for and during the natural Life of the said Lord Hilly and from and after his Decease, unto the fuccceding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Hilly on whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Hill shall defeend, for ever; which said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, shall commence and take Efled from the Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; the first Payment to be computed from the said Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year 5 that is to fay, the Tenth Day of Ofioler, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II.	And it is hereby further enabled, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under Trealurer of the Exchequer, and Commifiioners of the Treasury for the time being, aad they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from time to time, for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds in manner as aforesaid, and as the fame shall from time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and palled thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, novr and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum, to the said Lord Hilly and the succeeding rleirs Male of the Body of the said X.ord Hilly at the respective quarterly Feait Days in this Ad before appointed for Payment thereof* without

any



$4° GEO. Ilf.

C. i <5$.

869

any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III.	And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Warrant for Warrant, the fame shall be good, valid and eftedual in Law, accord- lament not ing to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Adi, and det*nof shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demife of His

Majesty (whom God long preferve!) or of any of his Heirs or t^c# * Succeflors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commiflioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them Or any of them.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, fcc. Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for to do necelftry the time bring, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and

Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Minillers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for • the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and Aridly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Ads,

Matters and Things, as arc hereinbefore directed and required, or ffiall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Adi, and the several Payments hereby directed, dildual.

V.	And be it enadlcd, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt of Lori Receipt or Receipts, of the said Lord Hilly and the succeeding Heirs

Male of the.Body of the said Lord Hilly on whom the said Title ffiall fic,cnt L)lU defeend, ffiall be a good and sufficient Difcharge for the Payment of c 1arse’ the said Annuity or yearly Sum, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said Annuity Tax Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, ffiall be f,ee*

" free and clear from all Taxes, Impolitions and other Charges what-soever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majelly’s Exchequer ffiall refuse or ncgledl to pay the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, or to do any Ad necessary to enable the said Lord Hilly and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Hilly on whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Hill ffiall defeend, to receive the fame, then the said Lord Hilly and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Hilly on whom the said Title ffiall defeend, may from time to tim^ sue, prosecute and -implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors qr Adminiflrators, by Bill, Plaint or Adion of Debt, and ffiall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, againil such Officers respectively, their Heir3, Executors or Admimilratorg, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money thrn due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as ffiall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands ffiall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refufal or Negled to do any A 61 necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, yearly How far An-Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, shall be and the fame is by nwitymav bo this Ad veiled in the f«rid Lord Hilly and the succeeding Heirs Mate *.^cr^u>"

IIow Annuity recovered.

3* 3



of



A.D.i8i4-

87a	C.	165, 166.	540	GEO.	III.

of the Body of the said Lord Hilly to whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Hill shall descend; and the fame or any Part thereof, shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or incumbered, by the said Lord Hilly or by any of the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Hilly on whom the said Title /hall descend, for any greater or larger Eltate, or Time, than during the natural Life of the Perfon so aliening, conveying, difposing, charging or incumbering the fame, so as to prevent the fame from descending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Hilly to whom the said Title of Lord Hill shall descend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

CAP. CLXVI.

An Aft for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Lynedochy and the Perfons to whom the Title of Lord Lynedoch shall descend, in Confideration of his eminent Services.

[29th July 1814.]

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 HEREAS His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent, aftmg 4 VV in the Name and on the Behalf of Your Majesty, by hu 4 most Gracious Mefiage to Your Majefty’s faithful Commons, hath 4 been pleased to declare, That having taken into Confideration the 4 di fling uifhed Services performed by Thomas Lord Lynedoch, a 4 Lieutenant General in His Majefty’s Army, in the Courfe of the 4 War sin Portugal and Spainy and being desirous to confer some * signal Mark of His Favour upon the said Thomas Lord Lynedochy 4 recommended to Your faithful Commons the Adoption of such 4 Meafures as may be necessary for the Accomplifhment of this im-* 4 portant Purpofe :* Now, We Your Majefty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjests, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament alfcmbled, duly considering Your Majefty’s most Gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Annuity of of the fame, That One Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Two a,ocol. per^Ann. thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon, the Con-folidated Fund of Great Britain (after paying, or reserving fuffirient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been dire&td by any former Aft or Afts of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund) ; and the fame shall from time to time be paid quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deduftions whatsoever, in Manner and Form following; that is to fay, To the said Lord Lynedochy for and during tie natural Life of the said Lord Lynedochy and from and after his Deceafe unto the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Lynedochy on whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord lynedoch shall descend, for ever; which said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, shall commence and take Effeft from the Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; the First Payment

icuiru uii Lynedoch, and his Heirs lor ever.

Comm euce-ment'

L.OOQle

C. r66

540 GEO. III.

871

ment to be computed from the laid Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the four ufuai Days of Payment in the Year; that is to lay, the Tenth Day of Oftobery the Fifth Day of January, P;,yabl° the Fifth Day of dpril and the Fifth Day of Julyy in each and <luarl5r>* every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II.	And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be	H

lawful to and for the Commiflioners of His Majelly’s Treasury now w^ho^i'ots. being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commiflioners of the Treasury for the time being, and

they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from time to time for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or •Sum of Two thousand Pounds, in manner as aforesaid, and as the fame shall, from time to time, become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth, and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, to the said Lord Lynedochy and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Lynedochy at the respective quarterly Feaft Days in this Aft before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III.	And it is hereby further enacted, That after (igning of such Warrant for Warrant, the fame shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, ac- Pay™entnot<,e-cording to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Aft, Demife of His* and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demife of Majesty,&c. His Majesty (whom God long preserve !) or of any of his Heirs or Succeflors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commiflioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by

or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Commiflioners of the Treasury, fcc. Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for

the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Ur^ * Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Minifters of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Afts,

Matters and Things, as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Aft, and the several Payments hereby dirested, effectual.

V.	And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt of Lord Receipt or Receipts, of the said Lord Lynedocbf and the fucceed- J-2?*doch*|JJ5* ing Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Lynedochy on whom

the said Title shall defeend, shall be a good and sufficient Difcharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf ; and that the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part

3 K 4	thereof.





872	C.	166,	167.	54“	GEO.	III.	A.	D.	1814.

Annuity Tax free.

How Annuity recovertd.

Hoir far Annuity m*y be aliened or incumbered.

thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impofitior.s and other Charges whatsoever : And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the laid Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do auy Aft necessary to enable the said Lord Lynedoch, and the fuceeed-ign Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Lynedoch, on whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Lynedochj shall defeend, to receive the fame ; then the said Lord Lynedoch and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the Lid Lord Lynedocbj on whom the said Title shall defeend, may from time to time sue, pro-fecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Adininilirators, by Bill, Plaint or Adtion of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, againlt such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Admimllrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or ar.y Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refufal or Negledt to do any Adi necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively. *

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, shall be and the fame is by this Adi veiled in the said Lord Lynedoch, and the succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Lyncd$chy to whom the laid Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Lynedoch shall defeend ; and the fame or any Part thereof, shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or incumbered by the said Lord Lynedoch, or by any of the succeeding Heirs Mak of the Body of the said Lord Lynedoch, on whom the said Title shall defeend, for any greater or larger Estate, or Time, than during the natural Life of the Perfon so aliening, conveying, dtf-pofmg, charging or incumbering the fame, so as to prevent the fame from defcendiDg to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Lynedoch, to whom the said Title of Lord Lynedoch shall defeend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

f

CAP. CLXVII.

An Aft for applying a certain Sum of Money, arisen or to arise from certain Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seflion of Parliament.	[29th	July	1814.]

I.	£.20,500,000 o o From the War Duties.

II.	u,coo,ooo o o Out of Aide in 1812

and 1813 from Exchequer Bills delivered * in part of Loan of

l£«22,000,000.

Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for to 1814.

L.ooQle

in.

AD. 1814.

III. j£.8,coo,ooo

54° GEO. III.

Gi67*

873

o o

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

508,545

67,805

o o

o o

Part of Money remaining in the Exchequer complete £.21 ,coo,ooo. granted out of Produce ^ of War Taxes in 1813.

From Sale of Old Naval and Victualling Stores.

Ditto -	-	j.

The fcJlowing Sums ; viz*

Produce of Malt and Penfion Act not exceeding

.	-	5+6.3

Annuities -	-	-------

Exchequer Bills -	-	.------—

Ditto -	-	------

(deducting One third for Ireland.)	-	—

Annuities (aftar remitting

5,500,00c/. to Ireland) —-----

Exchequer Bills	-	—----

Ditto -	-	...	—

(granted above, f II.)

(granted above, § III.)

(granted above, § IV.)

(granted above, § I.)

Th° following Sums ; viz.

Share of Lotteries 1,716,6 66 13	4 Trcafury Bills

Irijh Currency Annuities Ditto

Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for 1814.

For Service of Ireland\ See § XXVII. &c.

1

3,oco,coo	0	0
22,000,000	0	0
10,500,000	0	0
5,000.000  Lotteries	0	0
24,000,000	0	0
6,000,000	0	0
1,500,000	0	0
11,000.000	0	0
8,000,000	0	0
508,545	0	0
20,^00,000	0	0

2.

3-

18.

39*

r.74.

c • 76.

c• 79*

c.80.

x

V

u

QJ

o

Xi

(J

06

1 no >~*

( <-z< 'V

> bs c^> o>

O



VIII.

coming into the Irijh ^ Exchequer , j under the	1 J4G.3.f.74.'  f - - r
		zc%
1 ACts	-1c
■. ?v.)	r.35. 1

5.500.000	o o 3,000,000 o o

67,805 O O ({

Appropriation ; viz.

19,312,070 19 11 For Naval Services; that is to fay, I>739»5°°

2,462,250

2.107.000

343.000

958>500

i>356>75°

1,161,000

189.000 1,270,465 2,086,274

no

CJ

4~>

a

C

a,

2

Cl,

a,

v> •

& “ .

*

2

-o c>

2

2 V KA X <£ rS

£.

O O For Wages of 140,000'		-
Men,		1 15 6
0 0 For Victuals,	At per	2102
0 0 For Wear and Tear of	► Man per <	.3
Ships,	Month,	230
0 0 For Ordnance for Sea		
Service,		fc° 7 0,
0 0 For Wages of 90,000 '		
Men,		1 15 6
0 0 For Viduals,	At per	2 10 3
0 0 For Wear and Tear	> Manper «	I
of Ships,	Month,	1  230
0 0 For Ordnance for Sea		
Service,		0  0

< x;

rz 00 c **

*§ cS

V

U O

o xs to ~

a •-«

sS

VO >< u a> O JO

17 I For Salaries and Expences"

of Admiralty, &c. I rr *1 v O o ForBuildingand Repairsof ” ^or * ie ^ear *814. Ships of War and Extras

ie.61,917



874

A JD* 1814*

C. 167.

540 GEO. III.

^.61,917	7	3

810,569 o o

460,3:4 ij 7 99,324 9 o

	1,000,000	0	0
	223,928	12	0
	2,980,623	*3	2
	1.643	5	IO
IX.	3,000,000	0	0
x.	1,000,000	0	0
XI.	1,200,000	0	0
XII.	100,000	0	0

XIII. 32,976,849 19 o 7,500,089 5 3

21,842 16 3

2,300,000 4 o

► For the Year 1814.

For Superannuations, &c.

in Admiralty For Provifions for Troops and Garrifons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops embarked on board Ships of War and Tranfports For Half Pay, &c. to Officers of Navy and Marines, &c.	-

For Salaries and Contingencies of Tranfport Office and Officers for Sick and Wounded Seamen For Prifoners of War at Home and Abroad and Eflablifhment thereof For Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad For Tranfport Service. -For Superannuations, &c. to Clerks, &c. belonging to T ranfport Service w To make good such Engagements as may be fab-listing, or be contracted between His Majesty and Foreign Powers.

For paying off Bills of Credit under c. 13. of this Seflion.

For further enabling His Majesty to fulfil the En-gagemen ts he has entered into with Foreign Powers For Relief to Inhabitants of such Parts of Germany as have suffered in their Perfons and Property in consequence of the Operations of the late War, and of the wanton Devaftations committed by the Forces acting under the Orders of the hte Ruler of France.

For Land Foroes, and other Services; that is to fay, For Land Forces at Home 1 and Abroad (except in the Eafl Indies, Foreign Corps in BritUb Pay and embodied Militia)

For Five Troops of Dragoons and Thirteen Companies of Foot for recruiting Corps serving in India -For embodied Militia of'

Great Britain and Ire-land, and of the Royal For the Year 1814. Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall

*•649,505

From 25th Dec. 1813. 24th Dec. 1814.

A.D.i8i4«	54’	GEO.	III.	C.	167.	875

^649,505 19 i

38,738 15 3 373*375 3 0

267,216 13 11

14,207 8 10

644>536 5 4

57,612 11	9

262,804 13 11 214,882 o o 1,000,000 o o 21,593 12 1

*33*6+9 19 7

For General and Staff Offi-' cers and Officers of Hof-pital serving with Foroes, and Charge of Garrifons For full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of Forces For principal Officers of several Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences, and Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaflers General For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces including British American Forces and Scotch Brigade late in the Service of the States General

For Military Allowances to Reduced Officers of Land Foroes, including British American Forces For In and Out Penfioners of Chelsea and Kilmain-ham Hofpitals, and Expences of the Hofpitals For Penfions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines For Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland

For Local Militia Force' maintained in Great Britain -	-	-

For Foreign Corps in Service of Great Britain and Ireland -	- ^

For Allowances to retired' Chaplains and to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad and expences of Office of Chaplain General, & c.

For Medicines and Sur-

f cal Materials for Land oroes, and Hofpital Contingencies -

From 25th Dee. 1813. to 24th Dec. 1814.

For the Year 1814*

From 25th Dee. 1813. to 24th Dec. 1814.



Goog

*39>73°

87<S

C. 167.

£•39)73° 6 6

54* GEO. III.

A.D.i8i4.

I45>SI4 3	1

15,317 18 4

XIV.

371,873 18 o

3.000.	000 o o

50.000	o o 118,400 o o 309,826 o o

46*000 o o

30.000	o o

9.000.	000 o o

6,350,132	4	10

1.000.	000 o o

1,746,017 16 9



From 25th Dec. 1813.to 24th 1814.

For Allowances to Com-paflionate Lift to Children of deceased Officers of Land Foroes, and to Widows of Officers of said Forces not intitled to Penfion, including Allowances as of His Majefty’s Royal Bounty to several Officers, and to Relatives of certain deceased Officers For CommifTariat Department in Ireland\ and Forage for Cavalry there

For Allowances, Compcn-fations and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation or retired Allowances to Perfons belonging to several Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland in respect of their having held Public Offices of a Civil Nature For Barrack Department in Ireland For CommifTary in Chief’s'

Department exclusive of Purchafes of Specie For Difembodied Militia of Great Britain For Storekeeper General’s Department For Barrack Department in Great Britain For Allowances to Gene-^ ral Officers not being Colonels of Regiments in the Forces For Difembodied Militia^ of Ireland -	-	|

For extraordinary Ex- £ For the Year 1814. pences of Army of Gteat I Britain and Ireland - J For extraordinary Expences of Army from Dec. 1812. to 24thDec. 1813.

For Office of Ordnance fori Land Service in Great Britain and Ireland - \ For the Year 1814. Ditto	in	full	for	I

1in J

■J

► For the Year 1814.

From 25th June 1814. to l^thBec. followup

Charge for Great Britain J

16





£-3c>°55

A.D.1814

«77

£.30,030 9 139,387 o 112,727 11

6,928 o

21.173 11

462 10

369.408 15 *0,272 14 11,386 IJ

54° GEO. III.

C. 167.

10

> For the Year 1814.

fDittoj {°rt	Great Britain 1 1812.

£ j not provided for in j 1813.

Ditto	fori

Great Britain on account of Allowances to superannuated, &c. Officers, to Officers seconded, to Officers for (rood Services, to Wounded Officers, to fuperannuatcd and dif-abled Men, and Penfions to Widows, &c. of de-eeafed Officers late belonging to several Ordnance Military Corps Ditto	for'

Allowances to fuperannu-ated, &c. Officers, to Officers for Good Services, to superannuated and dif-abled Men, and Penfions to Widows, &c. of de- ^ In the Year 1813. ceased Officers late belonging to several Ordnance Military Corps in Great Britain and not provided for I -For Allowances, &c. in the^

Nature of superannuated or retired Allowances to Perfons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Great Britain, in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows’

Penfions For Penfions to Widows of'

Civil Officers late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Great Britain not provided for - - J For the Office of Ordnance for Ireland for the Year 1814.

Ditto -	•

the Year 1813.

Ditto -	-	in	^1

Ireland for Pay of retired Officers of late Irijh Artil- | lery, &c. and Penfions to ^ For the Year 1814-Widows of deceased Offi- j cers of the fame	-	]

► For the Year 1814-

In the Year 1813.

not provided for in





878

C. i <57. <.3,117 10

540 GEO. III.

AD.1814

XV.	10,500,000	O	0
XVI.	5,000,000	O	0
XVII.	8,000,000	O	0
XVIII.	5,000,000	O	0
XIX.	1,000,000	O	0
XX.	3,000,000	O	0
XXI.	3,000,000	O	0
XXII.	1,500,000	O	0
XXIII.	40,021	14	0
XXIV.	17,089	19	5
XXV.	Civil Eftablifhmentsj		
	3.301	IO	0
	1,023	O	0
	600	O	0
	8,441	O	0
	»3»44°	O	0
	S«775	O	0
	2,144	O	0
	3,826	O	0
	4,002	O	0
	14,JO?	O	0
	i3*298	O	0
	25,000	O	0
XXVI.	*4.3 >5	l9	
	3»225	18	0
	5*454	9	5
	10,000	0	0
	X19.500	0	0

For Allowances, &c. in the Nature of superannuated or retired Allowances, to Perfons late belonging to Office of Ord-nance ^ Ireland, in re , Fof ^ year g lpcct of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows’ Penfions

For discharging Outftanding Exchequer Bilk under	-	-	53	G. 3. cc. 16.118.

Ditto -	-	-	 a	6.

Ditto for the Service of the Year 1813.

Ditto -	-	-	53 G. 3. c.

Ditto -	-	 c.

Ditto

161. 119.

46G.3-c.41.47 6.3. “2. c. 6. 48 6.3*

f4 6C.; .^•53-

From 1 ft c/jw.to 3iftZ)cc. 1814-

Ditto ifTued on Credit of Aids of 1815-Ditto -	-	-	-	53 G. 3. f.27.

To make good like Sum ifTued purluant to Ad-dreffes of the House of Commons, not made good by Parliament.

Ditto.

viz.

Bahama Iflands -Bermuda or Somer’s Iflands Dominica Upper Canada Nova Scotia

Neva Brunswick -	-	►

Cape Breton

Prince Edward's IJland Newfoundland Sierra Leone New South Wales Yor BritiJh Forts on Coaft of Africa for 1814.

'	‘To	certain	Perfons for Public Services

not being part of Ordinary Expenditure of Civil Lift.

► For Charges heretofore paid out of Proceeds of Old Naval Stores-For Parliamentary Services and Ser-_	vices	of	a	Public Defcripooa.

To Bank of Scotland under 1 53 G. 3- c* cxxv. for improving Communication between Edinburgh and Fife

For Clergy and Laity of France

o 2 .

o o

6 to

O O o

For the Year 1814.

<.8,000

C^ooQle

A.D.1814.

54° GEO. III.

C.167.

879

^.8,000	O	0
3>5<x>	O	0
11,500	O	0
19,000	O	0
4,000	O	0
3^50	O	0
3*059	O	0
26^.69	*5	2
30*55	lS	9
1,000	0	0
1,880	0	0
1,000	0	0
4*200	0	0
175,000	0	0
20,000	0	0
12,000	0	0
9>922	0	9
11,000	0	0
16,000	0	0
19,000	0	0
6,169	14	0
3,000	0	0
21,000	0	0
2,500	0	0
2,600	0	•

For Saint Domingo Sufferers For Dutch

^“jmerican LoyalilU - f For the Year i8,4-To pay Bills .drawn iram -abroad on Account of j French and Corfican Emigrants For French Emigrants in Jersey and Guernsey For expence of repairing Saint Margaret’s Church Westminster above Sum granted by Parliament For Royal Military College £ From 25 th Dec• 1813. Ditto	Afylumy	to	24th	Dec.	1814.

For Veterinary College For Salaries of certain Officers of Two Houfes of Parliament For Fees on palling Public |

Accounts -	-	j

For Expences incident to Two Houfes of Parlia- ] ment

For Foreign and other Se- | cret Services -For Law Charges - |

For Public Office Bow Street

For Superin tendance of |

Aliens

To Sheriffs for Convi&ion S For the Year 1814. of Felon6, and Over- \ payments For extra Charge for Con- I tingencies of three Secretaries of State For extra Charge for Mef-engers of Three Secretaries of State For completing Expence incurred in printing, &c.

Parilh Regifters For National Vaccine Eftablilhment For Printing for House I Lords, and Printing Ads of Parliament -J For Printing 1,750 Copies of Vol. 67. of Journal* of House of Commons for Seffion of 1812.

For Printing Votes of House of Commons during prefect Seffion*

*•596





88o

C. 167.

£.596 11 o

A. D. 1^14*

16,000 o

6,oco o

o

o

3.500	o o 1,615 14 o

753 I* 6

1,166 14 10

80.000	o o

2,160	3	o

7.500	o o

20.000	O 0

50.000	© o

8,974 o o 266 13 4

170 o o 60 o o 850 o o

540 GEO.Iir.

For Deficiency of Grant in 1813, for Priutinff Votc9 of House of Commons during the Lit Scflion.

For Printing Bills, See. by Order of House of Commons during present Scfiion.

To defray Expence in-*] curred towards reprinting 6 volumes of Journals of House of Commons

For Stationery for Two Houfes of Parliament -For Protellant DifTcnting

Miniflers in England - ^ For the Year 1814. Ditto	Ireland	f

For Charitable and other Allowances to Poor of |

Saint Martins in the Fields et alia -To defray probable amount of Bills drawn or to be drawn from New South Wales	-	-J

For Deficiency of Grant for 1811, for Repairs 3D<i Works at King’s Bench Prifon.

For Compenfation to Commiflioners appointed to enquire into Office of Works.

For Roads and Bridges in*) the Highlands of Scot- ' land

For Inland Navigation from the Eaflern to the Weftern Sea by Inver -nefs and Fort William -For Improvements in Wejl-m i rift cr

ForSuperannuationAllow-ances to Joseph Plantay Efq. formerly one of Paymasters of Exche- I p tj,e ytar 1814* quer Bills -	-

Ditto	Edward

Roycty formerly Clerk in Lottery Office -Ditto	John

Pingo formerly Affiftant Engraver at the Mint -Ditto	to	three

retired Officers or Clerks formerly employed in Office of Commiflioners forAuditing Public Ac-eouots	-	*	^8,4

CjOoq le

AD.i8i4.

C. 167.

881

^•814 12

S.ooo o

3.919 1

3M82 14 34,444 15 1,673 !7

4.500 o 5.376 9

93>594 1

1,978 6

1,987 18

'f

5,092	4

10,000 o 39,780 o

1,500 o

1 >900,000 c 290,000 o

10,000 o

**>*31 11 1 >000 o

*>000 O

54 Geo. Hi.

54° GEO. III.

11

j> For the Year 1814.

}i8i y Intereftof cer-1 I^’ \ tain Annuities.

For Deficiency of Grant in 1812 for extraordinary Expences for Profecutions, &c. relating to the Coin.

For extraordinary Expences for Pro fee u-tions, 5cc. relating to the Coin For Repair of King Henry the Seventh's Chapel -

}For paying C 5th April off on | 10th Od,

For Poor French Refugee 1

Clergy	-	-V For the Year 1814.

Ditto	Laity	J

For Deficiency of Grant of 1813, for Printing Bills, See. by Order of House of Commons during the lafl Seflion.

For Convicts at Home - For the Year 1814. For Deficiency of Grant of 1813 for extraordinary Expences of Profecutions, &c. relating to the Coin.

For Charge in April 1813 in Purchafe of Grain and Potatoes conveyed to Shetland Ifiands for Relief of Inhabitants.

To discharge in 1814 Arrears due to Tradefmcn for Work at Houfes of Parliament and Speaker’s House from Michaelmas 1800 to 5th Day of January 1812.

For carrying on in 1814 Improvement of Holyhead Harbour.	*

For One Year's Intereft to 10th Ofiober 1814, on Sum raised by Debentures in pursuance of 53^3.^.41.53.

For The Refuge jor the DcJIitute.

For Intereit on Exchequer Bills.

Being the ioodth Part^ of 29,000,000/. of Exchequer Bills, autho-

rized in lait Seflion to be ifTucd and charged upon Aids granted in f present Seflion and In respect of Debentures issued under 53 <2.3. ff.41.53.

To be ifliied and paid by equal Quarterly Payments to the Bank of England, to be placed to Account of Com-miflioners for Reduction of National Debt for Year ending lit Feb. 1815.

For Trullees of British Mufeum•

Ditto	to proceed in Pur-

chafes for improving Colle&ion of Printed Books respecting the British Istands, and Pofieflions of British Empire.

To Captain Manly as further Reward for Invention for effecting Communication with Ships . Branded.

3 h	*'53>9<>9



88*

C. i6y»

^•53>9°9 18 o{ 4>925 12 n

!,377 2 8

T9>°co o o

2>I 18	4	^

54° GEO. ELI.

A.D.1814;

r*t?

o 3 o o •

fcfi e:

*S3

J J £ ^ f O °

IHSB

15.000	o o 19,800 o o

1,472 8 o

S23 3 3i

2,107 5 8 134 2 1

8,200 o o

5.000	o o 25,725 o o

2.000	O O

100.000	o o

118,857 4 II

100.000	o o

9.000	p o

3.000	o o 10,074 13 5

For the Year 1814.

To several Perfons 'for Public Services, not being Part of Ordinary Expenditure of Civil Lift.

^ Ditto	heretofore paid

out of Proceeds of Old Naval i Stores.

JFor Parliamentary Services or Services of a Public Defcription.

For certain Saint Domingo Sufferers as Competition Allowances in lieu of annual Allowances they at present receive, and* also to pay Sums awarded to Claimants by late Saint Doming Board, which on Account of the War could not be paid before.

To defray Bills of Ufher") of Court of Exchequer for supplying Court and Officers with Stationery, for repairing said Court, and Fees or Allowances | to Officers thereof For Penitentiary House at M'lllbank For Building for Reception of Criminal Lu~ | natics -	>	J

For Balances due to Tradefmen for Works 2t Marjhalfea Prifon in 1810, 1811 and 1812. For Deficiency of <Grant in 1813 f°r ere^‘ ing a New Court House for the Marjhdju Court.

For Printing 1,250 Copies of Vol. 48. of the Lords’ Journals.

For Deficiency of Grant of 1813 for Printing 1,750 Copies of Vol. 65. of the Common^ Journals.

For Purchafe of Colle&ion of Antiquities deposited in British Mufcum.

For rebuilding Church at Saint Peterjforgb for British Ambaffactor, and Subje&s resident there* For Improvements at Wcjlminjler.

For Trultees of British Mufcum to print the Cob* Alexandrians.

For Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty for Main* tenance of Poor Clergy.

For Deficiency of Civil Lift on 5th April 1814. For extraordinary Charges V

Fo°^ Royal ^Military Canal ’ For the Year 1814. For Board of Agriculture To discharge. in 1814 Bills due to Tradefmen for Works done at Houfes of Parliament and the Speaker’s HOufc, from 6th Jan. 1812 to 5th Jan. 1% 14.

XXVII

vjOOQlC

1

A.D.i8r4. '

XXVII. Irijb Currency.

^.1,250 o

xxviri. 38,931 3

24,303 14

XXIX.

54’GEO. III.

fin Ireland For several Public Trouble in 1814.

6 Board of Works 5 Printing, &c. for Secreta-" ries’Offices, &c. and fu- * perannuated Allowances in Chief Secretary's Office

10,500 o o Proclamations and other Matters in Dublin Gazette

25,000 o o Criminal Profecutions and other Law Expences -2,500 O o Apprehending Public Offenders

1,047 10	2	Expence of Pratique in

the Port of Dublin 740 o 0# Clothing Battle Axe] Guards

C 167/

m

Officers for extraordinary For the Year 1814.

^ For One Year ending 5th Jan. 1815.

9,481	9

3>95! 0

2,142 o

45,000 o 4,500 o

o Non Conforming Miniflers

For One Year ending 25th Dec. 1815.

For 18 Months from lft Dec. 1814*

^ For One Year ending 5th June 1815.

3,726	5	O

3,190 14 452 12

21,600 O

IO,OCO o

50.000	o 20,294 o

20.000	O

18,244 l6

Support of Seceding Mi-1 r?

niftera from Synod of t For One Year end.ng

UlJUr -	-J	25th	March	lS,5*

Lottery Officers	1	For	due

J	3	24th June 1814.

Harbour of//ow/A, Works at For the Year 1814. Treasury Incidents (Z>Vi-| For One Year to 5th f//Z>Currency)	-j	Jan. 1815.

Printing 1,290 Copies of compressed Quarto Edition of Statutes of United Kingdom for use of Magiflrates, and 250 Copies of Folio Edition of fame for use of Lords Biffiops, furnished annually Gnce the Union.

Harbour of Ardglass, additional Works at. Commissioners for Drain-' ing Bogs -	-j

Tru flees of Linen and'

Hempen Manufa£ture9 Board of Fir It Fruits for building Churches and Glebe Houfes and ur-chaling Glebes Truflees and Commissioners of Firfl Fruits towards building,&c. Churches,&c.building Glebe Houfe# and procuring Glebes. (Qu* ? Irijh Currency ) Commissioners for making! r a v

wide and convenient [ For,0n,c Ye*r end,nS Streets in. Dublin 5th »8iS. Completing North Square of College of Holy and Undivided Trinity near Dublin. forming Packet Harbour near .Dunmore in Water-ford Hahen*

. jL 2	4^x6,364

To 31ft Dec. 1813.

^ For One Year ending 5th Jan. 1814.





C. 167.

54° GEO.in.

AJJ.illty

'.16,364	O	0
10,000	O	0
5,coo	O	0
4,000	O	0
i,8co	O	0
882	11	3
300	O	0
50,000	O	0
75,000	O	0
28,725	O	0
49>lI3	O	0
14,160	0	0
2,697	0	0
2.143	0	0
7.998	0	0
3.070	0	0
2,548	0	0
M‘8	0	0
5,000	0	0
S.+73	0	0

116 5 o

2,500 o

4M39 o 9,673 o 600 o

Completing exterior of Centre Building and fitting up Wing formerly intended for Library, as Re-gifters Offices and Repofitories for Records. Dublin Society for Promoting Hufbandry, &c.

Farming Sod«y

Commissioners for Inquiry into Fees and Abufes.

(British Currency.)

Commissioners for examining Claims of Creditors of late Royal Canal Company.	(	Britijb	Cur-

rency.)

Expence of Royal Canal\ Tor One Year ending Ojfice of Inquiry, Dublin J 5th July 1815. Additional Allowance to Chairman of Board of Inland Navigation.

Company of Undertakers of Grand Canal for Liquidation of Debts of Company.

Dire&ors General of Inland Navigation, for extending, &c. Royal Canal.

Foundling Hofpital Dublin House of Induflry, Hof-pitals and Afylums for Induftrious Children Dublin Hibernian Society for Soldiers* Children at Dublin ——Marine Society in Dublin Female Orphan House in Circular Road Dublin -Wejlmorland Lock Hofpital in Dublin Lying-in Hofpital in Dublin Building Sir Patrick Dun*8 Hofpital Dublin Do&or Steven's Hofpital at Dublin House of Recovery and Fever Hofpital Dublin AfTociation for difeount-enancing Vice and promoting Knowledge and Practice of the Chriflian Religion Green Coat Hofpital of City of Cork (Qu. ?

Irtjb Currency.)

Cork Inftitution Proteftant Charter Schools Roman Catholic Seminary Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Be-quefU

, For One Year ending 5th Jan. 1815.





A I,JOa

<A.D.i8i4"

54® GEO. III.

C167, 168.

S85

£.1,500 o o Belfajl Academical Inftitutioa XXXI. Sums issued to make good Payments out of“ Civil Lift, &c. paid without Fee -XXXII. Supplies applied for Purpofes aforefaid

XXXIII.	Rules for Application of Half Pay

XXXIV.	Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles -

XXXV.--------------------Chaplain	of	Regiments	although

in Pofleflion of Ecclefiaftical Benefices -XXXVI. Application of Overplus of Sum under 53 G. 3. c. 136. § 14.

As in 53 G. 3.

§ *9—34-

.136.

CAP. C LX VIII.

An Afl to amend the Laws respecting the Atteftation of Inftru-ments of Appointment and Revocation, made in exercise of certain Powers in Deeds, Wills and other Inftruments.

[30th Juiy 1814.]

4 \ T7HEREAS Powers, Authorities and Trufts are in many 4 V* cases required to be executed by Deeds or Inftruments « signed by or under the Hands of the Perfons executing the fame,

4 or Perfons consenting to or directing Ads respecting such Powers,

*	Authorities and Trufts are frequently required to signify such « Confent or Diredion by Deeds or Inftruments signed by them, or

*	under their Hands, and it has been the ordinary Pradice, in the

*	Memorandum of Atteftation of Deeds, to express the Fads of 4 Sealing and Delivery only : And Whereas Doubts have arisen re-4 fpeding the Validity of Deeds or Inftruments so attested and requir-4 ing Signature, although the fame may have been actually signed by 4 the Perfons whose Signature is required thereto, and the Titles of 4 many Purchafers, and of other Perfons claiming under such Inftru-4 ment may be defective for want of the Infertion of the Word ■* 44 Signed,*' or some Word to that ElFed, in the Memorandum of 4 Atteftation thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that the Titles

*	of Purchafers and other Perfons fiiould not be disturbed, merely on 4 account of the Omiflion to express the Fact of Signature in the 4 Memorandum of Atteftation of any stich Deed or oilier Inftrument 4 already made :* May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual aud Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Deed or other Inftrument, already Deeds &c. ex-made with the Intention to exercise any Power, Authority orTrust, or Cuted without to signify the Confent or Diredion of any Pcrfon whole Confent or Memorandum Direction may be necefl'ary to be so signified, shall (if duly signed and of Attestation, executed and in other respects duly attefted) be from the D.*te thereof, deerncd vai,d* and so as to eftablilh derivative Titles, if any, of the fame Validity and

Efsect, and no other, at Law and in Equity, and proveable in like manner, an if a Memorandum of Atteftation of Signature, or being under Hand, had been fubferibed by the Witnefs or Witneffes thereto ; and the Atteftation of the Witnefs or Witneftes thereto, expressing the Fad of Sealing, or of Sealing and Delivery, without expressing the Fad of Signing or any other Form of Attestation, shall not exclude the Proof or the Prefumption of Siguature.

3 L 3	II.	And



836

To what Deeds Adi to extend.

Aft.not to havt retrofpetljve One ration; nor •ftcdl »ny exift-ing Suit at Law, fee.

Appointments, &c not adFetted.

No Tnftfument,

unleC> within Provision, of

Ad, tffeaed.

39 O.3.C.

39 <5.3	76.

$ 1. in part .repealed.

C, 168, 169.	54°GEO.III.	A*D.i8i4*

XL And be k enacted, That this Adi shall extend and be con* (trued to extend to all Deeds and other Inkruments already made in Exercife of Powers, Authorities and Trails, of Sale, Exchange, Partition,' Selection, Nomination, Difcretion, Leasing, Jointaring, raising Portions, and other Charges, and for appointing new Trukces and other Powers, Authorities and Trirfts whatsoever, or made for evidencing Alsent, Consent, Request, Diredlion, or any other like circumkance in reference to the Execution of any such Powers, Authorities or Trufls.

Ill- Provided always, and be it further enacted. That this Adi shall not extend nor be conkrued to extend, to revive or give effect to any Appointment, Revocation or other Aflurance heretofore made, as far as the fame has been avoided by Entry or Claim, or by Suit at Law or in Equity, or by any other legal or equitable means whatsoever; nor shall this Adi affect or prejudice any Suit at Law or in Equity, now depending, for avoiding any Deed or other Inftru-ment of Appointment, Revocation or Aflurance.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Per-fon who has made any such Entry or Claim, or who has brought any such Suit, or has defended any Suit, for the Purpofe of avoiding any such Appointment, Revocation or other Aflurance, ihould re-leafe the Benefit of the fame Entry, Claim, Suit or Defence, withm Six Calendar Months next after the palling of this Adi, then such Entry or Claim, or Suit or Defence, shall not prejudice or avoid any such Appointment, Revocation or other Aflurance, but every such Appointment, Revocation or other Aflurance shall be and remain m force under this Adi as if no such Entry or Claim had been made, or Suit brought or defended.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend, or be conllraed to extend, to akedl any Quekion respecting any Inkrament not within the Provifion6 of this Adi, and which may want any Formality in the Attekation of any Witnefsor Witneffes thereto, but such Inkrament shall have the fame Force and Effedl as it might have had if this Adi had not been made; any thing in this Adi contained notwithkanding.

CAP. CLXIX.

An Adi for making certain Regulations respecting the Pokage of Ship Letters, and of Letters in Great Britain.

[30th July 1814 ]

4 XT7HEREAS it is expedient to alter and enlarge the Powers 4 W of an Adi palled in the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of 4 His present Majeky, intituled An AS for the more feenrt Convey-4 ance of Ship Letters, and for granting to Hit Majejty certain Rata * °f Poflage thereon ; and to grant other Rates of Pokage in Heu M of some of the Rates thereinmentionedBe it therefore enacted by The King** Mok Excellent Majeky, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Tenth Day of 0Sober One tnoufand eight hundred and fourteen, so much of the said retited Adi as grants a Rate of Pokage of Four pence for every Single Letter, aud so ia Proportion for Packets in Addition, to any Inland Poflage which

may



887

may arise upon the Inland Conveyance of Inch Letters and Packets, for Letters and Packets brought by Ships and Veffels other than Packet Boats from Places within His Majefty's Dominions, and from Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas into Great Britain, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, except so far at relates to the Rates imposed by the said A&, which may be then remaining unpaid.

II.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for His Majefty's Poftmafter General, and his Deputy and Deputies bjr him thereunto authorized, to and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, to demand, have, receive and take for every Letter and Packet which shall be brought by Ships and Vefleis, other than Packet Boats, in the manner in the said recited A& mentioned from Places within His Majesty's Dominions, and from Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas into Great Britain, the Sum of Six pence for every Single Letter and so in Proportion for Packets, in addition to any Inland or Internal Poltage which may arise upon the Inland Conveyance of such Letters and Packets.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majefty's Poftmafter General and his Deputies to receive Letters and Packets directed to Places within His Majefty's Dominions and to Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas, from any Pcrfon or Perfons who may bring the fame to any Poft Office in Great Bri-tain, and who may be deftrous to forward such Letters themselves, and to affix upon each Letter or Packet such Stamp, Mark of Pof-tage or Defignation as the Poftmafter General in his Difcretion shall think proper and order, and thereupon to demand and receive for the Ule of His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, a Rate of Poftage of One third Part of the Rates and Duties payable by Law for such respective Letters and Packets if the fame were conveyed by Packet Boats, and in cases were no Rate of Poftage is already established, then to demand, have, receive and take for such Letters and Packets, Rates as near as can be afeertained equal to One third Part of what is now paid for Letters sent beyond the Seas, and upon Payment thereof to return such Letters and Packets to the Pcrfon or Perfons bringing the fame, and that it shall and may be lawful for such Perfon and Perfons to forward such Letters and Packets to the Places to which they may be directed by any Ships or Veffels that he or they may think proper, not being Packet Boats without incurring any Penalty therefore, and without Payment of any other Rate or Duty of Postage; any Law, Statute, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majefty's Poftmafter General, by writing under his Hand, and under Seal of the Office of Poftmafter General, to license and authorize any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever to collect Letters and Packets in Great Britain directed to Places within His Majeftips Dominions, and to Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas, for the Purpofe of being forwarded according to their Dire&ions by any Ships or Veffels, other than Packet Boats, provided that such Perfons so to be licensed shall previous to forwarding the fame bring such Letters and Packets to the Poft Office of the Town or Place to have a Stamp, Mark of Poftage or Defignation put thereon, which Stamp, Mark of Poftage or Defignation, the Poftmafter General and his Deputies are hereby authorized and required to put

3 L 4	thereon.

Ship letters to

pay Poftage of 6d. for Single Letter, and in Proportion for Packets.

Perfons bringing Letters to Poft Office and paying certain Rate of Poftage empowered to forward lame by any Veftel, not being a Packet Bout.

Poftmafter

General may authorize Per-lom to collect Letters .md to forw,ml fame by Velfds other th.m Packet Boats, if Letters brought to Po t Office and Pottage paid.





£38*	C.i6t>.	54e GEO. III.	A.D.i8t4.

Matters of Vcireli to deliver l,t tters to authorized Perlons, who, on receiving 3 s. for every 50 of such Letters, shall put them into a faded Bag and return them.

On delivering such Bag at Poft Office, Matter of Veffiel (hail be repaid th*3s. and receive 2d. for every Letter.

Opening Bags,

thereon, and to demand, receive and take, for the Ufe of Hia Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, the fame Rates of Poftagc as are hereby made payable for Letters and Packets to be forwarded by Perfons bringing the fame in manner hereinbefore provided ; and upon such Payment being made to return such Letters and Packets to the Perfons so to be licensed, and that it shall and may be lawful for such authorized Perfons to forward such Letters and Packets by any Ships or Veffels that he or they may think proper, not being Packet Boats, without incurring any Penalty therefore, and without Payment of any other Rate of Pollage; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwithllanding.

V.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons authorized by the Poftmafler General in Places within plis Majetly’s Dominions and Countries beyond the Seas to receive from the Mailers of VcfTels coming from thence into any Port in Great Britain, Letters and Packets which may be collected and brought by such Mailers to them for the Purpofe of being tranf-rnitted by the Authority of the Pollmaller General, and also to receive from such Mailers with such Letters at the Rate of Three Shillings for every Fifty Letters or Packets, and so in Proportion for a greater or lefTer Number ; and such Perfon or Perfons so authorized by the Pollmaller General shall make up in a Bag or Parcel ail such Letters so received, and inclose therein a Certificate of the Number of Letters contained in the fame, and an Imprefiion of the Seal which shall be used to seal such Bag or Pareel, and the Date when the fame shall be sealed, and shall seal the Bag or Parcel with the Seal of which an Imprefiion shall have been so inclosed, and deliver the fame Bag or Parcel to such Mailers for the Purpofe of being brought by them to the Port at which they shall arrive in Great Britain.

VI.	And, in order to encourage Mailers of Ships and Veffels, not being Packet Boats, coming from Places within His Majefty’s Dominions and Places beyond the Seas, be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Mailers of Veffels to collect Letters and Packets in Places within His Majefty’s Dominions and Countries beyond the Seas, so as such Letters shall be collected for the Purpofe of being transmitted by the Authority of the Poilmafter General to Great Britain, and provided that such Mailers shall deliver all such Letters to some Perfon or Perfons authorized by the Pollmaller General to receive the fame for the Purpofes aforesaid, and that the Mailers shall, upon delivering the fame, pay unto the Perfon or Perfons so authorized the Sum of Three Shillings for every Fifty Letters, or so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Number, and shall then receive the fame back from such Perfon or Perfons so authorized as aforesaid, in a sealed Bag or Pareel, and shall upon Delivery of such Bag or Parcel so made up and sealed in such manner as is hereinbefore mentioned in a perfect State at any Poll Office in Great Britain, be repaid the Sum of Money which they shall have so advanced as aforesaid, and also T wo pence per Letter for every Letter which (hail be contained in such Bag or Pareel,

VII.	Provided also, and be it further enabled, That if any Mailer of such Ship or Vcflcl shall open any Bag or Bags of Letters with which he shall have been cntrultcd, or shall take out of such Bag any Letter or Letters whatsoever, or shall not duly deliver such Bag with

the

*



A.D.i8i4-	54° GEO. III.	C.	169.	889

the Letters at the Place where he shall arrive, to the Perfon who may be authorized to receive the fame without wilful or unavoidable Delay after his Arrival, every such Mailer so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	,	Penalty.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon whatsoever Sending Letter* shall fend any Letter or Packet by any Ship or Veffel of which he not having Port shall not be Owner, without having the Official Mark of the Poilage otlice having been paid thereou, or if any Mailer shall have on board or

carry any Letter, not being the Letter of his Owners, without such Official Mark thereon, every such Perfon or Perfons so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Letter or Packet so font or found on board, or carried as aforesaid.	Penalty.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Offic-rsofOuf-to and for the Collector, Comptroller or principal Officers of His toms may tearch Majelly’s Cufloms, at any Port or Place whatsoever, and they are Ships for etter>, hereby authorized and required to search every Ship or Veffel in any

Port or Place for Letters or Packets which may be on board contrary to the Provifions of this Aft, and to seize and take all such Letters and to .forward the fame to the Poflmafter General or his Deputy at the Port or Place, and that the Officer seizing and fending the fame shall be entitled to One Moiety of the Penalty which may be recovered for any such Offence.	•

X.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful anfmnyad-for such Collector, Comptroller or Officer of the Cufloms, and he ™n»fter02th w is hereby authorized and required to administer an Oath to fuch

Mailer before he departs, that he has not any Letters which have ** not paid the Rates of Poftage hereby imposed on board his Ship or Vefiel, not being the Letters of the Owners of his said Ship or Veffel.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That on the Arrival of any Ship Declaration in Port; the Mailer shall sign a Declaration in Writing, in the Pre- ^ j fence of the Perfon authorized by the Poftmafter General at the before tMrel™ Port or Place, who shall also sign the fame, that to the befl of his breaks Bulk. Kno wiedge and Belief he has delivered according to the Provifions

of this Act, all the Letters or Bags or Parcels of Letters on board bis Vefiel, and that until such Declaration shall be signed the Officers or the Cuiloms shall not permit such Ship or VefTel to break Bulk, and in case such Mailer shall wilfully neglect to make such Declaration he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer.	Penalty.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, Comp- Office™ neglefl-troller or principal Officer hereby required to prohibit any Ship or ,nS Duty. Veffel breaking Bulk until the Requifites of this Aft shall be complied with, shall permit such Ship or Veifel to break Bulk, such Collector, Comptroller or Officer so permitting such Ship or Veffel to

break Bulk, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, One ”ena Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That One Moiety of the several ^en^ies ll0'f pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be payable to the Ufe of ai>,,

His Majessy, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to any Perfon who shall and will inform and sue for the fame, to be recovered with full Colls of Suit by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majelty’s Courts of Record in Gnat Bri-tain, wherein no Effoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law fhall	*	,

be admitted.

XIV. An<L0

kjOUvlL

*9®

Forging &c. Poll Office Mark.

Mifdemeanor.

Aft not to extend to East Company.

President of Board of Com-midioners for p laits of Iudia free.

46G. V c.61.

«*.

Members to re ceive Petitions to Parliament

free.

Enaftments, &c in rt-fyeft ot gaming Settle ments contained »>’ I.ncal Act s, repealed.

0.169, ,7°*	54ftG£O.IIL	*A.D.t8l4-

' XIV. And be it farther enacted, That if any Perfon shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counterfeited any Stamp, Mark of Poftage or Defignation upon any Letter hereby authorized to be so stamped, marked or designated, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the Rate of Poftage hereby imposed, each and every Perfon and Perfons so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Mifdemeanor, to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, and such Offence, if committed within Great Britain, (hail and may be enquired of, tried and adjudged, either within the City of London, or where the Offence shall be committed.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Aft shall not extend to restrain nor to prevent the Eafi India Company, nor their Court of Directors, from fending and receiving, and caul* ing to be sent and received to and from any of their Governments and Servants Abroad, all Packets, Letters and Papers whatsoever relating to the Affairs, Bufinefs and Concerns of the said Company, and of their several Governments Abroad, in the manner heretofore accustomed by the said Company and their Court of Diredors, without Payment of any Poftage or Duty, nor to subject any Perfon to any Penalty or Forfeiture in respect thereof.-

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful for the President of the Board of Commifiioners for the Affairs of India for the time being, to fend and receive Letters and Packets by the Poll free from the Duty of Poftage within the United Kingdom, in the fame manner and under such Reftridions as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain is, by an Ad passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Rugn of His present Majesty, authorized to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from Poftage.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for every Member of either House of Parliament, to receive by the Poll any Petition addressed to either House of Parliament free from the Duty of Postage, so as the fame be sent in a Cover open at the Sids* and that the fame shall not exceed the Weight of Six Ounces.

CAP. CLXX.

An Ad to repeal certain Provifions in Local Ads, for the

Maintenance and Regulation of the Poor ; and to make

Other Provifions in relation thereto.	[30th	July	1814.}

4 TT^HEREAS diters Local Ads of Parliament have lately

*	VV passed, containing Enadments relative to the Maintenance

*	and Regulation of the Poor, varying the general Law with respect c to particular Diftrids, Parilhes, Townfhips or Hamlets; and it c is expedient, that some of such Euadments should be repealed, and

*	that other Provifions contained in such Ads, should be made

*	general Be it therefore enacted by The Bang’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflembied, and by the Authority of the fame, That all Enadments and Provifions contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament, since the Commencement of the Reign of His late Majesty George the First, whereby any Alteration is made, in respect of gaining or not gaining a Settle* ment within any particular Diftrid, Parifi, Townfhip or Hamlet,

fail





*9*

JkJJ. 1^14-	.54	GEO-	III.

C. iyo.

shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed ; and that all and every Perfon shall be deemed and taken to have acquired and to acquire a Settlement in every such Diflridl, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet, by anyWays or Means he, (he or they would or might have done, or would or might do, in case such Adi or Adis, or any of them, had not been made and passed, and notwithllanding the fame or any of them are or was in force and operation.

II.	Provided always, That no Perfon fnall be deemed or taken £effont born in

to .acquire any Settlement in any Diflridl, Parifh, Townfhip or	Setslc”0^

Hamlet, by reason of such Perfon being born of the Body of any menu Mother actually confined as a Prifooer within the Walls of any Prifon ;

or any House licensed for the Reception of Pregnant Women, in	t

purfuance of an Adi made and patted in the Thirteenth Year of His I3G*3* c- 82. present Majefty’s Reign, for the better Regulation of Lying-in Hofpitals, and other Places appropriated for the Charitable Reception of Pregnant Women, in which any such Prifon or House shall be situated.

III.	Provided always, That whensoever any Perfon shall be born SettJem*n*s ^ pf the Body of any Poor Perfon, in any House of Indutlry, or Poor' House for the Reception and Care of the Poor of any Diflridl, House,&c. Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet, which fnall be locally situated in any

District, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet, contributing to the Expences of maintaining the Poor in such House, or in any other Diflridl,

Parifh, Townfliip or Hamlet, not contributing to such Expence,

such Perfon shall, so far as regards the Settlement of such Perfon,

be deemed and taken to be born in the Diflridl, Parifh, Townfhip

or Hamlet, by whom the Mother of such Perfon was sent to, and

on whose Account the Mother of such Perfon was received and 1	'

maintained in such House.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfon Prisoners for

shall be deemed or taken to gain any Settlement by reason of any	nor	tt9

Refidence-within any Diflridl, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet, while	<fmer‘l.

he, she or they shall be detained or confined as a Prisoner within any Cuftody.

such Diflridl, Parifh, Townfliip or Hamlet, on any Civil Proccfs or for any Contempt what foe ver.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Gate- No Gnte-keeper keeper or Tollkeeper of any Turnpike Road or Navigation, or Perfon *c* ga,n renting the Tolls and residing in any Toll House of any Turnpike ‘ ett ement* Road or Navigation, shall thereby gain any Settlement in any Diflridl;

Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet.

VI- Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfon No Perfon mair-or Perfons shall gain any Settlement in any Diflridl, Parifh, Townfhip *?,ncd*ny or Hamlet, by reason of any Refidence in any House or other ,a*|ta ! n~ Dwelhng Place provided for the Refidence of such Perfon or Perfons settlement 1 by any Charitable Inflection, while such Perfon or Perfons shall be supported and maintained at the Ex pence of such Charitable In-iiitution, as an Objedl or Obje&s of such Charity*

VII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Mailers, Ac. of of this A&, it shall not be lawful for the Mailer, Governor or other	"°

Perfon entrusted with the Superintendance of any House for the co„fine beyond Reception of Poor Perfons, or the Churchwarden, Overfeer or other limited time. Perfons elcdled, constituted or appointed, by or under the Authority of any Adi or Adis of Parliament for the Controul or Management of the Poor of any Diflridl, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet, to punifh

with





A.D. i%i4>

?yj

Overseers may sue on Securities to indemnify against Baitards.

Inhabitants not incompetent Witnefreb in certain cases on behalf of or agaiuil PariOies*

Paupers ordered to be removed, may he conveyed by other Per-fons than Churchwardens or Overseers.

C. 170.	54°	GEO. III.

with any Corporal Punifhment whatsoever, any adult Perfon or Perfons under his, her or their Care or Charge, for any Offence or Mifbehaviour whatsoever ; or to confine any such Perfon or Ptrrfow whatsoever, for any Offence or Mifbehaviour, for any longer or greater Space of time than Twenty four Hours, or such further Spacr of time as may be necessary, in order to have such Perfon or Periotn before a Juflice of the Peace 5 any thing in any Adi or Adts a Parliament contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Securities given or received, or hereafter to be given, for indemnifying any Diftrid Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet, for the Maintenance of any Basur: Child or Children refpedfively, or any Expences in any way oceafioned by such District, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet, by rrcibs of the Birth or Support of any Baftard Child or Children bar within such District, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet, or chargeabk thereto, shall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be veiled in tk Overseers of the Poor of such District, Parifh, Townfhip or Ham’tf for the time being ; and that it shall and may be lawful for tk Overseers of the Poor of such Difirid, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlrt to sue for the fame as and by their Defcription of Overseers of such District, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet 5 and such Action, so commenced by such Overseers shall in no ways abate by reason of anr Change or Overseers of such Diftrids, Parifh, Townfhip or Haralrt, pending the fame, but shall be proceeded in by such Overseers for the time being as if no such Change had taken Place; air Law, Usage, Statute or Cuflom to the contrary in any wife oot-with Handing.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That no Inhabitant or Perfca rated or liable to be rated to any Rates or Cedes of any Diftnd, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet, or wholly or in Part maintained or supported thereby, or executing or holding any Office thereof or therein, shall, before any Court or Perfon or Perfons whatfoyer, be deemed and taken to be by reason thereof an incompetent Witncfs far or against such Diftridh, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet, in any Matter relating to such Rates or Ceffes; or to the Boundary between such Diftritt, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamfel, and any adjoining District, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet 5 or to any Order of Removal to or from such District, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet; or the Settlement of any Pauper in such District, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet; or touching any Baitards chargeable or likely to become chargeable to such Diflridl, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet; or the Recovery of any Sum or Sums for the Charges or Maintenance of such Baftards ; or the Ele&ion or Appointment of any Officer or Officers, or the Allowance of the Accounts of any Officer or Officers of any such Diflridl, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet; any Law, Usage, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the Churchwardens, Overseers or others havipg the Controul, Ordering or Management of the Poor of any Diftnd, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet, to employ any proper Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, to carry, remove and deliver any Pauper or Paupers ordered to be removed by any of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace, competent to make such Order; and that a Delivery by such Perfon or Perfons of any Pauper or Paupers so ordered to be removed, shall be as good,

valid

A.D.1814-

54* GEO. in.

C. 170.

893

valid and efFcdlual, to all Purpofes whatsoever, as if the fame was or were delivered by any Churchwarden or Overfeer whatsoever.

XL And be it further enacted, That it (hail and may be lawful Justices out of for any Two or more of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, Divifion or Jurifdiction, in which any parj,£ Q^cers District, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet shall be situated, in Petty imy eii'charge * Se(Finns affrmbled, on Application made to them by any Pcrfon rated Supers irom to any Rates or CelTes within any such District, Township, Parifh or Payment of Hamlet, to be discharged therefrom, and Proof of his or her Inability Parift' Ratei* through Poverty to pay such Rate or Cefs, with the Confent of the Churchwardens and Overi'eers of such District, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet, or of such other Perfon or Perfons as is or arc competent to act under the Authority of any Adi or Adis of Parliament, for the Ordering, Management, Controul or Diredlion of the Poor of any such Diltridl, Parifh, Township, or Hamlet, to order and direct that such Perfon shall be excused from the Payment of such Rate or Cefs, and to (trike out his or her Name therefrom ; and the Sum at which such Perfon was so rated iu such Rate or Cefs shall not thereafter be colic died, or any Perfon or Perfons charged therewith, or in any manner called or liable to account for the fame, or for omitting to coilcdt or receive the fame.

XII. And be it further enadtcd, That the Goods and Chattels Diftrcfs for q£ any Perfon or Perfons neglecting or refusing to pay any Sum or Poors’ R*te,&c« Sums of Money legally afiefted on and due from him, her or them, in ** not founi1 respect of any Rate for the Relief of the Poor, Church, Cefs or High way Ceis, of any District, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet, for the Space of Seven Days after the fame shall have been legally demanded of him, her or them, shall and may be diilrained, not only within such District, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet, but also within any other District, Parifh, Townfhip or Hamlet, within the fame County,

Riding, Divifion or Jurifdidlion ; and if sufficient Dillrefs cannot be found within the fame County, Riding, Divifion or Jurifdiction, then, upon Oath thereof made before any One or more Juftice or Justices ot the Peace of any other County, Riding, Divifion or Jurifdiction, in which any of the Goods or Chattels of such Perfons shall be found 5 which Oath such Juftice or Justices are hereby required to administer and certify, by indorfing in his or their respective Handwriting, his, or their Name or Names, on the Warrant granted to make such Distress, the Goods and Chattels of the said Perfon or Perfons so negledling or refusing to pay as aforesaid, shall be fubjcdl and liable to such Diftrefs and Sale, in such other County, Riding, Divifion or Jurifdiction, where the fame shall be found 5 and may, by virtue of such Warrant and Certificate, be distrained and fold in the fame manner as if the fame had been found within the District, Parifh,

Townfhip or Hamlet, in or for which such Rate or Cefs had been made or was due.

within Diltrits, See. irade out of Diftxitt.

CAP.



*7 O- 3. c. 34.

§ 15-

51 G. 3. c.96.

Treasury empowered to re-ftore Seisures to Proprietors, and to mitigate, &c. Penalties incurred under Laws of Cuf-tooeand lixcife,

CAP. CLXXI.

An Aft to empower the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury to restore Seizures; or remit or mitigate Fiues, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred concerning any Laws relating to the Cuftoms or Excife, or Navigation and Trade of Great Britain.	• [30th July 1814.]

C XX 7* PEREAS an Aft parted in the Twenty seventh Year of

*	V V the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for 9 making further Provifions in regard to such Vffels at are par-9 ticularly dferibed in an A3 made in the Twenty fourth Tear of the 9 Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effcdual Prevention cf 9 Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said A8 to other 9 yc'JJe^s and Boats not particularly deferibed therein; for taking oj

<	the Duties on Flafks in which IVine or Oil is imported; for laying 9 'an additional Duty on Foreign Geneva imported; for taking off the 9 Duty on Ebony the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom ;

9 and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Cufloms : 9 And Whereas by the said Aft, the Commiflioners of the Cuftomt,

*	in England and Scotland respectively, are authorized to direct,

9	under the Circum(lances and on the Terms and Conditions therein

*	mentioned, any Goods or Commodities whatever, or any Ships,

*	Vefleis, Boats, Horfes, Cattle or Carriages, which {Kail have been 9 seized as forfeited by virtue or in pursuance of any Aft or Afts of 9 Parliament relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms, to be restored to the 9 Proprietor or Proprietors: And Whereas another Aft parted in ‘ the Fifty fir ft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

*	An A3 to extend the Powers vested in the Commissioners of Cuftoms, 9 of rtfloring Vtffels and Goods seized, to Seizures made by virtue oj 9 any A8s relating to the Department of Cufloms : And Whereas it is

<	expedient, that the Provifions of the said Afts should be furtherex-9 tended, and that the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury fhould

*	be empowered to re (lore, remit or mitigate, any Forfeiture, Fine

*	or Penalty, incurred under any Laws relating to the Revenue of

*	Cuftoms or Excife, or Navigation and Trade, either before or after

*	the fame shall have been adjudged in any Court of Law, or by or

9 before any Commiflioner of Excife, or Juftice or Justices of thr 9 Peace Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excelkat Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflembfei, and by the Authority of the famei That it shall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s' Treasury, or agy Three or mcie of them, by any Order made for that Purpofe under thdr Hands to dite&aoy Ships,.Goods or Commodities whatever, seized as forfeited by virtue and in pursuance of any Afts or Afts relating to the Rf-venue of Cuftoms or Excife, or any Aft for the Regulation of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, to be restored to the-Proprietor or Proprietors on the Terms and Conditions which shall he mentioned in any such Order, and it shall also be lawful for the laid Commiflioners 01 His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to mitigate or remit any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been iucurred, or any Part of any Inch Fine or Penalty under any Law or Laws relating to His Majefty’s Reveoot •*1 L >	rf

v^ooQle

A.D. 1814.	54’GEO. III.	C.	171,172^	8y5

of Cuftoms or Excife, o? any Aft relating to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom.

II.	And be it further enacted. That in any case wherein the said on such 9on<l1* Commissioners of His Majefty's Treasury shall exercise the Powers	rtalury

hereby veiled in them, such Goods or Commodities shall be restored to the Proprietor or Proprietors, or such Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, or any Parts thereof remitted or mitigated, in such manner, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as to Cofts or other wife, as, under the circumstances of the case, shall appear to the said Commissioners to be reafbnable, and.as. they the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit to direct ; and no Perfon or Perfons shall be entitled to the. Benefit of any such Order, unless the Terms and Conditions therein contained shall be complied with.

CAP. CLXX1I.

An Aft for repealing the Duties payable in Scotland upon Diftillers’ Wa(h, Spirits and Licences, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.	[30th July 1814.]

*	TT7 HE REAS the Extraction, Diftillation and Manufafture of.

€ VV Spirits for Confumption in Scotland are conducted and car-1 ried on in that Part of the United Kingdom under and subject to 4 different Duties, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Provifions

*	from those under which the Extraction, Diftillation and Manufafture 4 of Spirits for Confumption in that Part of Great Britain called Eng~

4 land are carried on in the said last mentioned Part of the United 4 Kingdom ; and it is expedient to discontinue such Duties in Scot-

*	land, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof, and that the Ex-4 traction, Diftillation and Manufafture of Spirits should be condufted

*	and carried on throughout both the said Parts of the United

*	Kingdom, (as nearly as may be) under and subject to the fame

*	Rules, Regulations, Reft rift ions and Provisions:' Beit therefore-

enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty,.by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aiTcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the first Day of October One thou-iand eight hundred and fourteen, all and singular the Duties of Excife on Worts or Wa(h brewed or made in Scotland for extracting Spirits; and all and singular the Duties on Spirits made or distilled in Scotland; and also the Duties on Licences on the Content or Capacity of	v	»

Stills used or employed in Scotland for making or distilling Low

Wines or Spirits, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed; save Exception, and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which shall or may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties •r Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on that Day.

[See 46 G. 3. c. 102. Scb. rf. and 2?.]

II.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after thfc said First InfteadpfDmW Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in lieu .and’	'•

in (lead of the said Duties hereby repealed, there (h&ll be rajfed, levied,. fo*rvrin8 P*1 • collected and paid unto His; Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, the several Duties oF Excife hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, ^	'

Ppr eve^y Gallon of Wort or Wa(h, brewed or maderiu any part •r Place ih Scotland from any Malt/ Corn* Grain or Tilts, or any ScotltD^

.Mixture  

Former Datiei repealed. ^

$9<S

C- 17a.	54#	GEO. III.	A.D.	1814.

Mixture with the fame for extra&iug Spirits for Confumption in Scotland, One Shilling:

For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wafh or Liquor brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except such as are before mentioned), or any Mixture therewith, for extrading Spirits for Confumption in Scotland, One Shilling :

. For every Gallon of Wort or Wash, brewed or made in any Prut or Place in Scotland» from Melafles or Sugar, or any Mixture there* with, for extrading Spirits for Confumption in Scotland, One Shilling:

For every Gallon of Wafh brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland, from Foreign Refufcd Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wafh prepared from any other Foreign Materials, except Melafles and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracling Spirits for Confumption in Scotland, One Shilling:

For every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or distilled from Corn in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Confumption in Scotland, Two Shillings and Ten pence 2

- For every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, which shall be made or diHilled from Cyder or Perry, or any other Wafh or Liquor brewed from any Sort of Brttijb Materials, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Confumption in Scotland, Two Shillings and Ten Pence :

For every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, which shall be made or distilled from Melaffes or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Confumption in Scotland, Seven.Shillings and Six pence : And,

For every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, which shall be made or distilled from Foreign Refufed Wine, or Foreign Cyder or Wafh, or Wafh prepared from any other Foreign Materials, in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Comfumptioo in Scotland, Nine Shillings:

The said Duties to be paid by the respective Makers or Di (lifters of such Wort, Wafh or Spirits refpe&iveiy.

Ireland.	For	every	Galion,	EngUJh Wine Measure, of Spirits which shall be

made or manufa&urcd m Ireland, and imported or brought from ante thence, under or by virtue of an A& made in this Scfflon of Parlis-C	ment, intituled An Ad to regulate, until the End of the next Scjjion vf

Parliament, the Trade in Spirit/ between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, into Scotland, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Countervailing Excife Duty of Eleven pence Three Farthings, and so in Proportion for any greater Degree of Strength:

The said Duties to be paid by the Importer or Importer* of such Spirits before the Landing thereof*

Licence in	For	every	Licence	to be taken out by every Diftiller or Maker of

Scotland.	Low Wines or	Spirits in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Sale or for

Exportation, Ten Pounds:

For every Licence to be taken out by every Reftifier of Spirifi in any Part or Place in Scotland, Fire Pounds:

11	Tbe



A.D. 1814*

897

540 GEO. III.	C.	172*

The said Duties for Licences to be paid by the rfcfpedivc DiftillerS and Redifiers taking out such Licences respectively: Provided always ncvertheleis, that One Fourth Part of the said feverai Duties by this Ad imposed shall expire on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said Duties by this Ad imposed shall be under the Management of the Commifiioners of Excife in Scotland and England respectively, as the case may be.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the feverai and respective Duties by this Ad imposed shall (except as herein other wife specially directed or provided) be raised, levied, colledcd, recovered, secured and paid by stich Perfons, at such times and in such manner, and by such ways and means, and under and subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Rellrididns, Provifions (fave and except such thereof as are repugnant to any of the Provifions of this Ad, and also save and except the Powers of adjudging Penalties and Forfeitures by the Com-mifiioners of Excife in England), Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such and the like Powers, Authorities, Rules and Directions, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form (except as before excepted), as the feverai and respective Duties on Worts or Wafh brewed or made for extrading Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Home Confumption, and on Licences for Diflillers or Makers of Low Wines, or Spirits for Sale or for Exportation, contained, provided, preferibed, direded* fettled or established, by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force in that Part of Great Britain called England immediately before the palfing of this Ad, in relation to the Duties on Wort or Wafh brewed or made for extrading Spirits as lafl aforesaid for Home Confumption, or on such Licences, or for the Security or due Collodion of the said Duties on such Wort or Wafh, or such Licences respectively, or for preventing, deteding or punishing Frauds relating thereto respectively, or in any wife relating to the Regulation of Diftillers for the Extradion of Low Wines or Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Home Confumption, or the Spirits extracted, made or manufadured at such Diltillerics for Home Confumption ; and all and singular the said Fowers, Authorities, Rules, Diredions, Regulations, Reftridions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures (except as before excepted), shall, so far as the fame can or may be applied thereto, be used, practised, applied and put in Execution for ascertaining, raising, levying, colleding, recovering, securing and paying the feverai and respective Duties by this Ad imposed, and for preventing, deteding and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and cffedually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and singular the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Diredions, Regulations, Reftric-tions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures (except as before excepted), had been and were particularly repeated and re-enaded in this Ad : Provided always nevertheless, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to Scotland, any of the Rules, Regulations or Provisions, by Law established for the Manufadure of Spirits, commonly called Mqidjlone Geneva at Maldjlone in the County of Kent, or for the taking account of the Stocks of Dilliliers, Redifiers or Compounders of Spirits, in that

54 Geo. III.	3	M	Part

Provilo for expiration *f Duties.

Duties under Commillioriers of Excife.

How Duties levied.

Provifo.



8y8

Pro\ !ib for '28 G. 3. c. 46. 45 ^-3- c. 100. fcc.

!>in,I!or, not luhjcrt ro Penalty of.

51 O.3. c. 59. § 3. for ufinj St ills of lei's Capacity than 3,000 Gallons.

Perfons in Hifhlanii Dif-trid using Stills of less than 500 Galions, and in otljer Parts of Scotland lets than -?,ooo Gallons.

Penalty.

C.172.	54DGEO. III.	A.D. 1814.

Part of Great Britain called England, or for allowing such Reftifiers or Compounders any Increafe by Water, Sugar, Syrop or Fruit.

V.	And be it further enabled, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to repeal or in any manner to alter so much of an Aft made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things, for better regulating the Exportation of Britijh-mafa. Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, at was and remained in force immediately before the parting of this Act; or so much of another Aft made in the Forty fifth Year of the said Reign, among other things, for better regulating the distilling of Spirits in England for Exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for Exportation to England, as was and remained in force immediately before the parting of this Aft, or to repeal or alter any other Law or Laws in force immediately before the parting of this Aft, relating to DiftiU lers making or diflilling Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to Scotland, or in Scotland for Exportation from thence to England, or relating to such Spirits so made or dillilled ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithilanding.

VI.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained {ball extend or be deemed or construed to extend to subject any Diftilier or Diftillers in Scotland to the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, imposed by an Act made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled yin Ad for granting to His MajcJly additional Duties of Excife on ft'cfh and other Liquors, used in the Diflillation of Spirits, and on Foreign Spirits imported, for or by reason of his, her or their making uie of any Still of less Capacity or Content than Three thousand Gallons tor the Extraction or Diflillation of Low Wine6 or Spirit* from Wort or Wafh brewed or made from Malt, Com or Grain, or from Melafles or Sugar; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons ia the Highland Diftrift of Scotland, particularly fpecilied and deferibed in the Afts in that case made and provided, shall make use of any Still of less Capacity or Content than Five hundred Galions, for the Extraftion or Diflillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Wort or Wafh brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from MelalTet or Sugar; nor shall any Perfon or Perfons in any other Part or Place in Scotland, make use of any Still of less Capacity or Content than Two thousand Galions, for the Extraftion or Diflillation of such Low Wines or Spirits as aforesaid; and if any Perfon or Perfons a the Highland Diftrift aforesaid, shall make use of any Still of left Capacity or Content than Five hundred Galions, for the Extra&ioa or Diflillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Wort or Wafh brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from Melafles or Sugar, or if any, Perfon or Perfons in any other Part or Place in Scotland, ih*l make use of any Still of less Capacity or Content than Two thousand Galions, for the Extraftion or Diflillation of fudh Low Wines or Spirits as aforesaid ; all and every the Perfon or Perfons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VIII. And

C^ooQle

54° GEO. III.

C. 172.

899

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all ard every Diftiller and Diallers for Diftillers who shall make or distil Spirits in Scotland, for Confumption everyrI^°(Pa1' in Scotland, shall for every One hundred Gallons of Wafh prepared fr^Corn *c. or made from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder or Perry, or any foun(j jn * Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting tody between Spirits for such Home Confumption as aforesaid, found in his, her or Nov. 10. and their Cuftody or PofTeffion, between the Tenth Day of November in ^ov* f y. 0;'e Yeaf a"d the Tenth Day of Novemberfollowing, or when ^ of One to such Diftiller mall previously ceale working, produce to the Sight 01 IO . prepared the Officer or Officers of Excife at lead Eighteen Gallons of Spirits from Mobiles of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; for every 0rbugar21G.1l-Hundred Gallons of Wafh prepared or made from MelafTes or Sugar, lon** ^cJnl>rc’ or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for such Home Con- x^rVigi^Mate-fumption as aforesaid, found in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleffion xl2\Sj lC) Galions, between the Days or Times aforesaid, produce to the Sight of the Officer or Officers of Excife at least Twenty one Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid; and for every One hundred Gallons of Wafh prepared or made from Foreign Refuted Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wafh prepared from Foreign Materials (except Melaflcs and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for such Home Confumption as aforesaid, found in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofief-fion, between the Days or Times aforesaid, produce to the Sight of the Officer or Officers of Excife at least Nineteen Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid; and that in every case where the Produce Where Produce of Spirits extracted by any such Diftiller or Diftillers between the shall fall short of Days or Times aforesaid, shall fall short of the Proportions aforesaid,	•

every such Diftiller and Diftillers ftiall, and he, (he and they is and are	tlW

hereby made chargeable with, and shall pay the following Duties of 1 Excife, for every Gallon of Spirits which shall be deficient of the Quantities aforesaid 5 that is to fay,

For every Gallon of such Spirits from Wafti prepared or made Du ,e ‘ from Cora, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder or Perry, or any Sort of Britifb Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for such Home Confumption as aforesaid. Five Shillings and Eight pence:

For every Gallon of such Spirits from Wafti prepared or made from Melafles or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for such Home Confumption as aforesaid, Fifteen Shillings :

And,

For every Gallon of such Spirits from Wafh prepared or made from Foreign Refufed Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from Foreign Materials (except MelafTes and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for such Home Confumption as aforesaid, Eighteen Shillings :

Which refpeCtive Duties for such Deficiencies refpeCtively, shall by Dir-be paid by such Diftiller and Diftillers refpeCtively, on the Day last t,lleis* aforesaid ; and if Default shall be made in any such Payment, the Diftiller and Diftillers refpeCtively making such Default, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Duty by this ACt imposed for or in respect P«nahy. of such Deficiency.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excife in Officer to taka Scotland, having under his Survey the Stock or Stocks of any en- ^cc?unJ JLf.f tered Diftiller or Diftiliers, ReCtifier or ReCtifiers, Compounder or ^]°eCr Jtery 30 ’ Compounders of, or Dealer or Dealers in British Spirits for Home Days, or often?r Confumption, shall, once in every Thirty Days at the least, or oftener if neceffiry, an*

3 M 2	if



poo

C. 172.

54" GEO. III.

A.D.1814..

Credit found, forfeited.

if Excefs beyond if necessary, take an accurate and true Account of the Quantity and '	‘	Strength	of all British Spirits in the Stock, Cudody or PofTeffion of

all and every such Didiller or Didiliers, Re&iber or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, or Dealer or Dealers, and shall com* putc the fame at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof 5 and if after making Allowance for the Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted fmee the lad Reckoning of the Stock of such Didiller or Didiliers, Redfifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, or Dealer or Dealers, computing the fame at the Strength aforesaid, it shall be found that the Quantity of Spirit* remaining in the Stock, Cudody or Podcdion of such Didiller or Didiliers, Re&ifier or Re&i'iers, Compounder or Compounders, or Dealer or Dealers, shall exceed the Quantity for which he, die or they shall have Credit in the Books of the proper Officer, whether such Credit shall have arilen from what was on Hand at the lad preceding Reckoning, or from what may have been lawfully made or received fub-fequent thereto, such Exccfs shall be deemed and taken to be Spirits received without Permit, and a Quantity of Spirits, equal to such Exccfs, shall and may be seized, out of any Part of the Stock of such Didiller or Didiliers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, or Dealer or Dealers, by any Officer or Officers of Excife 5 and the Didiller or Didiliers, Rectifier or Redtificrs, Compounder or Compounders, or Dealer or Dealers, in whose Stock, Cudody or Podeffion, such Exccfs shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

X.	And be it further enacted, That no Didiller or Didiliers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of, or Dealer or Dealers in British Spirits in Scotland for Home Confumption, shall fend out or remove from his, her or their Stock, Cudody or Pctfci*-fion, nor shall any such Didiller or Didiliers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, or Dealer or Dealers, receive into his, her or their Stock, Cudody or Podeffion any British Spirits, unless the Permit or Permits accompanying the fame, shall truly ex-prefs the Strength of all such Spirits at the time of the Removal thereof; and all such Spirits so removed, sent out or received, unaccompanied with a true and lawful Permit or Permits, exprcfliug the Strength thereof, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and each and every such Didiller or Didiliers, Rc&iner or Rentiers, Compounder or Compounders, or Dealer or Dealers so feuding out or receiving the fame, shall, for each and ever)' such Odeuce, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That on the Exportation of any

Spirits made or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence, under or by virtue of the said A£t (a) of this Sefnon of Parliament, into Scotland, and from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, there shall be allowed and paid a Drawback of Eleven pence Three Farthings, upon every Gallon of such Spirits; and which Drawback shall be and is hereby required to be fatisliedon such Exportation, fubie& to all the Rules and Regulation in force in Scotland respecting Drawbacks so far as the fame can or may be applied thereto.	(a)	[c.	149.	ante.]

XII.	And be it further enabled, That all the Powers, Dirediacs, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which, is

8	iti

Penalty.

Spirits lent out or received into Stock without I* 'nnit, forfeited.

Penalty.

Dr iu bark on Exportation of 1 * i 111 Spirits into Scotland, and from tb nee into England.

Power*, See. of H Car. a. c. 2.





A.D. 1814.

540 GEO. III.

C. 172.

901

and by an Aft made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King &c. extended to Charles the Second, intituled An Adi for taking away the Court of Ad.

Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His MajcJly in lieu thereof or by any other Law or Laws now in force in Great Britain or in Ireland respectively, relating to His Majefty’s Revenues of Ex-cife upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collesting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them

! other than and in such cases for which other Penalties or Provi-ions are made and provided by this Aft), shall be pra£tifed, used, applied and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering and paying the said Duties hereby granted, as fully and efFeftually to all Intents and Purpofes a9 if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this present Aft: Provided always, nevertheless, that in His Majesty case His Majelty, at any time before the Firfl Day of September One may, before thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall in His Royal Difcretion Sept. «• suspend judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of Scotland, entirely to suspend this Aft, or to modify the Operations thereof for any a lon 0 time not exceeding the Space of Three Months after the then next Meeting of Parliament, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majelty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be ifTued by and with the Advice of His Privy Couneil, or by His Majelty;s Order or Orders in Couneil, to be published from time to time in the London Gazette, entirely to suspend this Aft, or to modify the Operations thereof in such manner as to His said Majelty shall seem meet, and as in such Proclamation or Proclamations, or Order or Orders in Couneil, shall be fpecilied, Rated and exprefied; and in case of any such entire Sufpenfion of this Aft, then and in Regulations in such case all and singular the Duties hereby repealed, and all and case A<H n»f-fmgular the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Provilions, relating pended, to the Payment or Recovery thereof, and all and singular the Fines,

Penalties and Forfeitures, in force immediately before the palling of this Aft, for preventing, detefting and punishing Frauds relating thereto, shall revive and be in full Force and EfFeft, as if this Aft bad not been made ; and in case of any such Modification, then and in such case such of the Duties by this Aft repealed, and such of the Duties hereby imposed, as in such Proclamation or Proclamations, or Order or Orders in Couneil, shall be specified, flated and ex-prefied, and such of the Rules, Regulations, Reltriftions and Pro-visions, relating to the Paymeut or Recovery thereof respectively, and such of the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, in force immediately before the palling of this Aft, or by this Aft created, inllifted or imposed, for preventing, detefting and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as shall be coniiftent with such Modification, shall be in full Force and EfFeft ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding:	Provided also, that nothing herein- Provifo.

before contained shall extend or be deemed or cohltrucd to extend, to authorize or empower His said Majesty so to modify the said Dutiesf that the Part or Parts thereof to be retained shall exceed the Rates,,

Proportions or Amounts of the Duties hereby repealed, as nearly as fcch Rates, Proportions or Amounts, can or may be calculated,

3 M 3	i

VjOOQlC

*

9C2

Rccorerv nnd Application of Penalties, 5; c.

Application of Duties.

Power*, &c. of 42 G. 3. c. 1x6. Sec. as to Coro-rniflioners appointed by Letters Patent, to ce.il'e.

C.172,173.	54"GEO.III.	AJD.1814.

ellimated, judged of or afeertained 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Adi extended to Scotland^ shall be sued for, mitigated, recovered or levied, by such ways, means and methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, mitigated, recovered or levied by any Law or Laws of Excife in Scotland9 or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be distributed in such and the fame manneT as such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture would be diflributable under the Laws in force at the time of the pafling of this Adi, had such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture been incurred, adjudged and recovered in that Part of Great Britain called England.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the Money arifmg until and upon the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, by the Duties by this Adi imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejlminjler9 and be appropriated and applied in the fame manner and in the like Proportions as the Duties hereby repealed were by the Laws in force immediately before the passing of this Adi directed to be appropriated and applied, and all the Monies arising after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, by such of the said Duties as shall remain and continue in force after that Day (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

CAP. CLXXIII.

An Act to alter and amend certain of the Powers and Pro-vifions of several Adis passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax ; and for making further Provifion for the Redemption thereof.	[30th	July	1814.]

*	TT^ HE REAS it is expedient that some of the Powers and c VY Provifions contained in the several Adis passed for the Re-

*	demption and Sale of the Land Tax ihould be altered and amended, c and that some further Powers ihould be given relating to the

*	Redemption thereofBe it therefore enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the pafling of this A61, all the several Powers and Authorities which by the Adi passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating the Provifions of the several Adis passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into one Adi, or by any fob-fequent Adi of Parliament relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, have been or are veiled in the Commiflioners appointed by virtue of His Majeily's Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, pursuant to any Adi heretofore passed relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, flitH cease and determine.

II. And





i

A.D.i8i4*	54° GEO. III.	C.173.	903

II. And be it further enailed, That it shall be lawful for His Appointment rf Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefFors, from time to time by Letters Commillumers. Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate and appoint any Perfon or Perfons, being a Peer or Peers of the Realm, or a Member or Members of His Majefty’s Mod Honourable Privy Couneil, to be a Commiffioner or Comminioners for the Purpofes of regulating, direiling, approving and confirming all Sales and Contrails for Sale, Enfranchifements, Mortgages and Grants of Rent Charges, which shall be made by any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees, or Trullecs for Charitable or other Public Purposes, of or out of any Manors, MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees, or Truflees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, by virtue of the said recited Ail of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, or of any subsequent Ails relating to' the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax or of this Ail; and also for the Purpofc of regulating, direiling, approving and confirming all Sales and Enfranchifements which by virtue of the said several Ails, or any of them, shall be made of any Manors, Meffuagee,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, wherein His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflors, have or shall have any Estate, Right or Interect, in Pofsession, Remainder, Reverfion or Expeilaney, by any Perfon or Perfons holding under any Grant from The Crown, or under any Ail of Parliament.

III.	And be it further enailed, That every such Commiffioner to Commiflloner s be appointed by virtue of this Ail, before he shall enter upon the Execution of his Office, shall take an Oath to the Effeil following;

that is to fay,

1 J A. B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially and honcftly,

1 according to the bed of my Skill and Judgment, execute the 1 several Powers and Trufts reposed in me by an Ail of the Fifty

*	fourth Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, inti-

*	tuled [here insert the Title of this	according	to the Tenor

1 and Purport of the said Ail.	So	help	me GOD/

Which Oath shall and may be administered by any one of the Perfons to be appointed a Commissioner, to any others or other of them.

IV.	And be it further enailed. That the Commissioners to be Power of Coro-appointed pursuant to this Ail shall have and be invested with the miffioners. like Powers and Authorities in all refpeils, as by the said recited

Ail of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by any subsequent Ail relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, were immediately before the passing of this Ail veiled in any Perfon or Perfons ailing or authorized to ail as a Commiffioner or Commissioners in the Execution of the said Ails, by virtue of His Maiefty’s Letters Patent under the Great Seal; and any Two Comminioners to be appointed by virtue of this Ail for the Purpofes aforesaid, may do any Ail, Matter or Thing, which by this Ail all such Commissioners so to be appointed are empowered to do.

V.	And be it further enailed. That in every Contrail entered into Contracts for lifter the passing of this Ail, and before the Twenty fourth Day of fmail Portion* Jane One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, according to the

3 M 4	Affeffment	m™t'y	ay*

* ^.ooQle

A.D.1814*

9°4	C. 173,	540 GEO. III.

Aflefiment of Land Tax made or to be made for the Year commencing from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, for the Redemption of Land Tax charged 011 any Mefiuages, Tenements or other Buildings without any Dands or Grounds held therewith, or on any Mefiuages, Tenements or other Buildings, together with any Lands, confiding wholly of Yards, Courts, Curtilages or inclosed Gardens, held, occupied and charged together with such Mefiuages, Tenements or Buildings, where the said Land whereon the said Mefiuages or Buildings shall (land, and of which the said Yards, Courts, Curtilages and inclosed Gardens shall conlift, shall not exceed in the whole One Fourth Part of a Statute Acre, it shall be lawful to contrail and agree for the Redemption of such Land Tax for a Coniideration in Money equal in Amount to Eighteen Times the Amount of the Land Tax so contracted to be redeemed, to be paid in one entire Sum, within Three Calendar Months from the Date of the Contract; and every such Contract shall be made in the Form> and the Confideration thereof shall be paid according to the Rules, specified in the Schedule 53 G. 3. c. 123. marked [C.J contained in an A& passed in the Fifty third Year Gch.C.	pf the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad to amend and

render more effectual fevera{ Ads puffed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land TuxP

Me* hy Reflors VL And be it further enabled, That for the Purpofe of redeeming or Vicars,	any Land Tax by any Rector or Vicar, or for the Purpofe of railing

any Money for re-imburfing the Stock or Money previously transferred or paid for the Redemption of such Land Tax, or for pur-chafing an Aflignment of such Land Tax, under the Powers and Proviftons of the said Acts, or any of them, the Land fold or proposed to be fold for those Purposes, or any of them, ynder the Powders of the said Acts, or any of them, shall not necefiarily be confined to such a Quantity of any Lands belonging to such Rector or Vicar, as shall appear to the Commifiioners authorizing the fame, necessary to be fold for such Purposes, but that any Sale of Lands hereafter to be made for any of the Purpofes aforesaid shall be deemed and considered good and effectual Sales, notwithllanding the Reftri&ions contained in any of the said Acts, although the Lands so fold, or proposed to be fold, shall appear tp the said Commifiioners more than shall be necelfary for the Purpofes thereof; provided the said Commifiioners (hull be satisfied that fuefi proposed Sale shall, under ail cireumfiances, be beneficial or likely to prove beneficial to the kector or Vicar makr ing such Sale, and to their respective Succefiors ; and provided the Ordinary shall signify his Confent to such Sale, bv any Writing under his Hand, to be produced before the said Commillioners.

* VII. And Whereas it occasionally happens, that the Mefiuages, 4 Lands, Tithes or other Hereditaments, belonging to Livings or other f Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions, the clear annual 4 Income arising from which does not amount to the Sum of One ‘ hundred and fifty Pounds, have nol been rated to the Land Tax Com mill oners Be it further cna£ted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commifiioneri mjy exonerate to be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, to direct the fm.* 11	p;xonenition and Difeharge of such Livings, or other Ecclefiaftical

fjcm. t ..ncn J3enc^ces or Charitable Inftitutions, from any future A fie (finent of Land Tax thereon, in the fame manner, and under the fame Regu^

lation?j

c. 173.

540 GEO. III.

905

lations, so far as the fame are applicable, as the Commifiioners

heretofore appointed by virtue of His Majesty *s Letters Patent were

by the said A& of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present 53 g. 3 c. xaj.

Majesty authorized and empowered to do in cases where the Mef- § 33.

fuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to any fuch

Livings, or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Iuflitutions,

were or should have been rated to the Land Tax.

VIII.	And be it further enabled. That in all cases where there shall Transfer of be any Surplus of Stock transferred, as the Confideration for, or pur- Surplus Stock, chafed with the Money arising by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant to be made by virtue of any of the Adts pa (fed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, or of this Act, by any Body Politic or Corporate, or Companies or Feoffees, or Truitees for Charitable or other .Public Purposes, for the Purpofe of redeeming or purchasing any Land Tax (after reserving so much of such Stock as shall be agreed to be transferred, as the Confideration for the Land Tax redeemed or purchafed), such Surplus Stock shall, if the fame shall not exceed One thousand Pounds Capital Stock Three per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, be transferred into the joint Names of Two Truitees, to be nominated by such Body Politic or Corporate, or Company or Feoffees, or Truitees of such Charitable Inftitution, in order that the fame may be applied in such manner for the Benefit of such Body Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees, or Truitees, and their respective Succeffors or Heirs as is directed by the said A£t of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, witn 42 O. 3. c. 116. respect to any Surplus Stock not exceeding Two hundred Pounds § x6°* Principal Stock.

; IX. And be it further enabled. That no Surplus Stock transferred Surplus Stock or to be transferred as the Confideration for, or purchased with the not transferred Money arising by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant, made or to be made ™*e°ul CeruU" by virtue of the said Adt of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, or of any subsequent Adt passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, or of this Adi, by any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees, or Tru flees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, or any Archbishop, Bilhop, Redlor, Vicar or other Corporation Sole, shall be transferred into the Names of the Accountant General of the Court of Chaneery, or into the joint Names of such Trustees as aforesaid, or into the joint Names of such Archbishop, Bishop, Redlor, Vicar or other Corporation Sole, and a Trullee, until the Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies or other Perfons interested therein, shall have obtained a Certificate, under the Hands of Two or more of the said Commifiioners, appointed or to be appointed tinder the Great Seal of Great Britain, that the whole of the Land Tax charged, as well on the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by Sale, Mortgage or Grant whereof such Surplus Stock shall arise or be produced, as on the Meffuages, Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, limited to the like Ufes or subject to the fame Trulls as the Meffuages, Lands and Hereditaments so fold, mortgaged or charged, Hood fettled or limited to at the time of such Sale, Mortgage or Charge, has been wholly redeemed or purchased, or that so much of such Land Tax has been redeemed or purchased, as the said Commissioners shall under the circumftauccs of the case think reasonable.

Xt And

kjOOQle

906

Compenfntion to Com mi ili oners.

42 G. 3. c. 116. * II9-

45 ^-3- c- 77* § 4.

Enrolment and Rcpntry of Deeds.

42 G.3. c.116,

Conveyances eon firmed.

C. 173.	54* GEO# III.	A.D.1814.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Com* milfioners of His Majcfly’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, pursuant to any Dire cl ion of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, under the Royal Sign Manual, from time to time to allow to the Commiilioners who shall hereafter act in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities of the several Adis palled for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, or of this Act, by virtue of His Majelly’s Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or to the Executors or Adminillrators of any of such Commissioners as may have died, by or out of any Public Monies for the time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer, applicable to the Supplies and Services of the Year, filch Sums of Money, as an Acknowledgement for the Services of such Commiilioners in the Execution of the said Powers and Authorities, as His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccelTors, shall deem proper, having due regard to the Nature and Extent of such Services.

1 XI. And Whereas it is expedient to make Provifions for the En-

*	rolment and Regillry of Deeds which shall not have been duly in-

*	rolled or regillered pursuant to the Directions of the said recited ‘ Adl of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, and of the

*	feveral other Acts puffed relating to the Redemption of Land Tax Be it therefore enacted, That all Deeds required by the said recited Adl, or any other Adis relating to the Redemption of Land Tax, to be enrolled or regillered, shall be valid and effectual, although the fame shall not have been or shall not be enrolled or regillered within the Periods preferibed by the said Adis respectively ; provided the fame shall have been enrolled or regillered before the palling of this Adi, or shall be enrolled or regillered within Twelve Calendar Months after the palling thereof.

4 XIL And Whereas, for the Purpofe of redeeming Land Tax, 4 or of railingMoney for re imburfing the Stock or Money previoufly

*	transferred or paid as the Confideration for redeeming Land Tax 4 charged on Lands and other Hereditaments belonging to Perfons 4 for the time being seised or possessed, or entitled beneficially in « Poffeflion to the Rents and Profits of, but not having the abfolcte 4 Eftate or Interell in such Lands or other Hereditaments, or for 4 some other Purpofes for which Lands and Hereditaments are au-4 thorized to be fold by such Perfons, under the Powers and Pro-4 visions of the said Adl of the Forty second Year of His present 4 Majesty, or of some subsequent Adl relating to the Redemption 4 and Sale of the Land Tax, some Sales of Lands and other Heredi-

*	taments may have been or may be made by Perfons so seised or en-4 titled, not llridlly authorized to fell by such Powers and Provisions, 4 without some further Affurance in the Law; or by reason that all 4 the Lands and other Hereditaments of or to which the Perfons

*	making such Sales were respectively so seised or entitled, did not at 4 the times of such Sales Hand limited and fettled, and subject to or 4 for the fame Ufes, Trulls, Intents and Purpofes ; or by rtafoo that 4 a greater Quantity of an Ellate his been fold than may have bee* 4 necessary to be fold for the authorized Purposes; or by reason of 4 some otner Mi Hake or Inadvertence Now be it further enacted, That all Sales so made as aforesaid, and all Conveyances executed of the Lands or other Hereditaments so fold, provided the fame hue )>een respectively made and executed bona jidt, and for valuable Cos-

16	fi	deration,

CjOOQlC

907

54n GEO. III.	C.	173.

fide ration, and shall appear to have been made and executed under the Authority and with the Confent and Approbation of the Commissioners, as required by the said Adds or any of them, in cases of Sales under the Powers of the said Adfs, shall be and the fame are hereby ratilied and confirmed, from the respective Periods at which such Sales and Conveyances were respectively made and executed, and shall be from such respective Periods as valid and effectual in the Law, as if such Sales and Conveyances had been made and executed in ftriCt Conformity to the Powers and Provifions under which the fame were intended to have Effe6t ; any thing in the said A6t of the Forty second Year of His present Majessy, or of any such fub-fcquent A6t as aforesaid, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Perfon Provifo for Per-injured or prejudiced by any Sales hereby confirmed, shall be entitled fons injured,/wc. to Relief either by the Decree of a Court of Equity on a Bill filed, by Sales, or by a summary Application to a Court of Equity by Petition, and » by the usual Proceedings before the Mafter or other proper Officer of the Court on such Petition, and an Order thereupon 5 and shall under such Decree or Order have an annual Rent Charge to such an Amount, and for and during such Term or Estate, and charged upon such Lands or other Hereditaments, as such Court shall order or direct ; and the said Court shall have full Power to adjust the Proportion and Terms of such Annual Rent Charge between different Claimants, and to direct the Settlement of such Annual Rent Charge, in such manner as the said Court shall, under the circum-flances of the case, in its Difcretion think proper, and shall also have Power to make such Order refpeCting the Colts of the Parties, as the said Court shall think fit.

1 XIV. And Whereas it is expedient to make further Provifion 1 for the Inveftment of Money in the Commissioners for the Reduc-

*	tion of the National Debt, for the Purchafe of Public Annuities, as

*	the Conlideration for the Redemption or Purchafe of Land Tax

Be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this ACt, Refpefling In* it shall be lawful for any Receiver or Receivers General in Great vestment of Britain, from time to time to pay in advance out of any Public Money. Monies in his or their Hands, into the Bank of England, to the Joint Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and the said Receiver or Receivers General, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall appear to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes necessary for the Purchafe of Three per Centum Bank Annuities, as the Confideration for any Land Tax contracted for, and as the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall direct ; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be tendered by or on Account of any such Receiver or Receivers General, are hereby required to receive the fame, and place the fame to the proper Account as aforesaid, out of which Monies so much thereof as shall be wanted shall be applied, as Qccafion shall require, for and towards the Completion of such Contracts, or any Inltalment or Inllalments thereon, according to the Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to be signed by any 'if wo or more of them, and so from time to time whenever any such Contract shall be entered into or any Contra ^/heretofore entered into shall remain to be completed ; and the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt



A.D. 1814.

908

C. 173.

548 GEO. HI.

J3G.3. £.113. f

Provife.

Money remaining applicable to Completion of Conti ails.

Commiflioncrs nt'National Debt to repay Money to Receiver General tv lien certified that it is not wanted for Pur-poles of Aft.

Before whom Affidavits made.

shall, according to such Certificate or Certificates of the Commif-ii oners for the Affairs of Taxes, cause all the Monies so placed to the Account of the Commifiioners for the Redudion of the National Debt, and the said Receiver or Receivers General respectively, to be from time to time invested in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, in the Names of the said Commifiioners for the Reduction of the National Debt (except as hereinafter is excepted), and placed under distinct Heads of Account, as directed by the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Ad, entering the Contracts made in each Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March yearly, under the Schedule marked (C.) contained in this Adf, and the Schedules marked [C.], CD...], and [D. 2.], in the said Ad passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in separate Accounts, and distinct from any other Accounts authorized by the Ads in force at the time of palling this Ad ; provided that all Sums of Money which shall be advanced by such Receiver or Receivers General, shall be from time to time replaced by and out of the Monies so contracted to be paid on account of the Redemption or Purchafe of such Land Tax.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That all Monies paid by any Receiver General, in pursuance of any Aft or Ads in force at the time of pafiing this Ad, into the Bank of England, for or on account of the Redemption or Purchafe of Land Tax, and remaining in tie said Bank of England, unapplied at the time of palling this Act, and all Monies hereafter to be paid by any such Receiver General into the said Bank in pursuance of this Ad, and which at the End of any Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March yearly, shall remain in the laid Bank of England unapplied as aforesaid, (hill be and are hereby declared to be applicable, and shall be applied towards the Completion of all such Contrads now entered into or hereafter to be entered into in pursuance of the said Ads or this Ad, according to the Certificate or Certificates of the said Commillioners for the Affairs of Taxes heretofore transmitted or hereafter to be tvanfmitted to the Calhiers of the said Bank of England, as Agents to the Commifiioners for the Redudion of the National Debt, and as if the said Monies had been paid into the said Bank expressly for those Purposes; and the Balance of each Account, unapplied as aforesaid, shall from time to time be carried to the Account of the subsequent Year in the Books of the said Bank of EnglandV

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be certified to the CommiilionerB for the Redudion of the National Debt, by any Two or more of the Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes, that any Monies paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, will not be wanted for the Purpofes of this Ad, and ought to be repaid to any such Receiver or Receivers General, their refpedivc Executors, Ad-miniftrators or Afiigns, it shall be lawful for the Commifiioners for the Redudion of the National Debt to authorize and direct their Agent to repay to such Receiver or Receivers General, their refpec-tive Executors, Adminiftrators or Afligns* any Monies remaining in the said Bank of England, and which ought to be repaid pursuant to such Certificate or Certificates.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That any Affidavit or Affidavits authorised tp be made by any Ad or Ad# ia force at the tin*



A.D. 1814.	540	GEO.	III.	C.	173,	174.	909

of palling this Aft, in relation to the Redemption or Purchafe of Land Tax, may, from and after the palling of this Aft, be made before any Commiffioner for the Execution of the said Afts, or before any Two Commi(Tioner3 of the Land Tax Aft acting for the Place where the Land Tax proposed to be redeemed or purchased shall be charged ; any thing in the said Afts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That this Aft, or any of the Ail altered,ice. Provifions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Aft to be palled in the present Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. CLXXIV.

An Aft for letting to Farm the Poll Horse Duties.

[30th July 1814.]

4 TT 7 HERE AS by an Aft palled in the Twenty seventh Year of 17 G.3. c. 26.

*	W His present Majidty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to enable the 4 Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time 4 being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Atl made in the Twenty-

*	fifth Tear of His present Majcjly's Reign, on Horfes let to Hire for 4 Travelling Pojl, and by Time, to such Perfons as should be willing 4 to contract for the fame, the Commissioners of the Treasury were 4 empowered to let to Farm the several Duties on Horfes let to Hire

*	therein particularly fet forth and mentioned to have been granted by 4 the said Aft of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majeity’s Reign,

4 for any Term not exceeding Three Years, under certain Regu-4 lations and Reftriftions expressed and contained in the said Aft 4 of the Twenty seventh Year of Hi6 Majelty’s Reign : And

4 Whereas by an Aft patted in the Forty fourth Year of His 44 G.3. c. 98. 4 Majelly’s Reign, intituled An Ad to repeal the several Duties 4 under the Commijfn tiers for managing the Duties upon Stamped VtU 4 lum, Parchment and Paper in Great Britain, and to grant new 4 .and additional Duties in lieu thereof, the several Duties granted ‘	by the said Aft of the Twenty fifth of His Majefly’s Reign on

4	Horfes let to Hire, as therein mentioned, and extended in certain

4	cafes by an Aft palTed in the Forty second Year of His Majefty’s 4a G.3. c.5a.

*	Reign, for enlarging the time for which Horfes might be let to

*	Hire, without being subject to any Annual Duty, and other Pur-

4 poses, were repealed; and in lieu thereof it was enacted that, from 44 0.3. c.98. 4 and after the Tenth Day of October One thoufaud eight hundred and Sch. B.

. * four, there should be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His 4 Majesty, his Heirs and Succettore, the several Duties following 5 4 that is to fay, For and in respect of every Horse, Mare or Gelding,

*	hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling in Great Bri~

4 tain, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny, for every Mile such Horse,

*	Mare or Gelding Ihould be hired to travel; and, for and in respect 4 of every Horse, Mare or Gelding, hired for a less Period of time 4 than Twenty eight successive Days, for drawing on any Public Road 4 any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling Poft or otherwise,

4 if the Diilance at the time of hiring should be afeertained, the 4 Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Mile such Horse, Mare 4 or Gelding should be hired to travel; and, for and in respect of

1 4 every Horse, Mare or Gelding so hired as last above mentioned! in 4 any case where the Diilance should not at the time of Hiring bo 4 afeertained! the Sum of One Shilling and. Nine pence, for each

4 Day





9io

*5 G.j. c. 51. 4* G.3.C. 5a.

48 G.3. c.98.

51 G.3. c. 76.

Commissioners of Trcifury may let to Farm Duties on Horfes, fcc. graiyetl by 44 G.3. c.98.

Pronto.

C* 174.	540	GEO- III.	A.I>.x814.

•Day for which such Horse, Mare or Gelding should be so hired,

•	with an Exception of Horfes, Mares and Geldings used in licenfed

•	Hackney Coaches, where the fame should be employed to go no

•	greater Diftance than Ten Miles from the City of London or

•	IVeJlminJler, or the Suburbs thereof 5 which said several Duties

•	are now secured, raised, levied and collected, by and under the Pro-

•	vifions and Regulations of the said Ads of the Twenty fifth and

•	Forty second Years of His Majefty’s Reign relating to the faid

•	Duties so repealed as aforesaid, and by and under the Pro vifions

•	and Regulations of another A6t pafied in the Forty eighth Year of

•	His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for letting to Farm the 4 Duties on Horfes hired by the Mile or Stage to be used in trayelling,

4 and on Horfes hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty eight

•	Days for drawing Carriages, used in travelling Pojl or other wife 4 in Great Britain ; and for better securing the said Duties, and alio

•	by and under the Provifions and Regulations of another Ad

•	pafied in the Fifty first Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An 1 Ad for letting to Farm the Duties on Horfes hired by the Mile or 4 Stage to be used in trayelling; and on Hotfes hired for a lef:

4 Period of Time than Twenty eight Days, for drawing Carriaget 4 used in travelling Pojl or other wife, in Great Britain; and for 1 facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties : And Whereas the faid

•	Duties granted by the said Ad of the Forty fourth Year of His

•	Majefty’s Reign* in respect of Horfes, Mares and Geldings, hired 4 in the manner aforesaid, are now let to Farm, under the Authority

•	of the said . Ad pafied in the Fifty first Year of His Majefiy’s 4 Reign, for a Term of Years which will expire on the Thirty

•	firft Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen;

4 and it is expedient that the said Duties should be let to Farm

•	for a further Term;’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this Ad, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the time being; and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, as it shall be necessary, either by themselves or by His Majefty’s Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, or some of them to be authorized for that Purpose, under the Hands of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the time being, to let to Farm the said several Duties granted by the said Ad of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for and in respect of Horfes, Mares and Geldings, hired in the manner aforesaid, to such Perfon or Perfons as ihall be willing to farm the fame, after the Expiration of the present Leafes thereof, in such separate and particular Diftrids as shall be deemed proper and convenient, and under and subject to the Regulations and Reftri&ions contained in the said Ad of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, with regard to the Duties thereby authorized to be let to Farm, so far as the fame are applicable and not hereby altered : Provided always, that none of the said Duties shall be let to Farm for any longer Term or Time, than until the Thirty first Day of January inclusive, which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen,

II. And

l^ooq le

9ii

A.D.i8r4-	54°	GEO.	III.	C.	174.

II.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, provisions of Clauses, Regulations and Directions contained in and prescribed by ^7 G. 3. c. 26. the said Aft of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, in force as to shall be deemed and taken to be in full Force and Effest, with respect duties let under to the said Duties hereby allowed to be let to Farm and to the letting

of the fame and to the Fanners thereof, and to all other Perfons,

Matters and Things relating thereto, as far as the fame are or shall be applicable and not altered by or repugnant to the express Provifions of this Aft, as fully and effectually as if the fame had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said Duties hereby allowed to be farmed.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Depofit made Commiflioncrs of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or by Cootradtors the said Commiflioncrs of the Stamp Duties authorized as aforesaid, 01 uties*

to preferibe the time for making a Depofit of a Sum of Money and the Amount thereof, on account of the Rent to be paid by the Perfon who shall be the belt Bidder for and be declared the Farmer of any of the said Duties hereby allowed to be farmed 5 and in case any such Perfon shall fail to make such Depofit at the time prescribed, or shall fail to execute a proper Contraft in Writing and to give Security for the Payment of the Rent and the due Performance of such Contraft in the manner directed by the said Aft of the Twenty seventh Year of 17 G.3. c. 26. His Majcfty’s Reign within the time to be appointed for that Pur- 5 5* pose, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Com-mifiioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties authorized as aforesaid, to declare the Bidding and Contraft of such Perfon null and void, and his Deposit, if made, forfeited, and to cause the Duties whereof he shall have been declared the Farmer to be again put up to be let to Farm, pur-fuant to the Directions of this and the said Aft of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majcfty’s Reign, and so from time to time as often as such Failure shall be made.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Justices mjy of this Aft, it shall be lawful for Two or more Justices of the Peace measure Ro*dv for any Divifion in Great Britain to cause the Diltanccs between

various Places in their Divifion and its Neighbourhood to be measured by some proper Perfon or Perfons, who shall be paid for such Mea-furement such Sum as shall appear reasonable to the said Justices out of the County Stock by the Treasurer of such County upon the Warrant of the said Justices, and the Meafurement being verified before the said Justices by the Oath of the Perfon or Perfons making the fame, to publish such Meafurement under the Hand of the Clerk of such Divifion twice in some Newfpaper of the County for which such Justices shall aft 5 and from and after such Publication if any Pott Matter* Perfon letting Horfes to hire shall charge for a greater Number of charging more Miles than is fpecilied in such Table of Distances, if the Job for which tllan Meafure-fuch Horfes shall be hired shall exceed Seven Miles, he shall forfeit ment* for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be reco- Penalty, vered by Complaint before the Justices of such Division, by whom One Half of such Penalty shall be adjudged for the Benefit ot the Informer, and the ether for the Poor of the Parifh in which such Information is laid.

* V. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Duties 44°-3*c*9** * granted by the said Aft of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s

* Reign,





912

Duties not to

attach on Horfes drawing I'ilh Carts.

Farmers of Duties rest rained as to Profecu-tions for Penalties.

43 G. 3. c. 34.

21 H. 8. c. 13. 53 G.3. c. M9-

*	Reign, do attach upon Horfes hired for drawing Fife Carts or 1 Carriages, and it is expedient to remove such Doubts from and af«

*	ter the Expiration of the present Leafes of the said Duties Be it therefore further enacted and declared. That, from and after the Thirty first Day of January One thou fan d eight hundred and fisteen, the said Duties shall not be deemed to attach upon, or be payable for or in respect of any Horfes, Mares or Geldings, which shall be hired for drawing any Carts or Carriages kept or usually employed for the Conveyance of Fife ; but this is not to prejudice any Queftion in the mean time between the present Farmers of the said Duties and any Perfons who shall have let any Horfes, Mares or Geldings, to Hire for that Purpofe.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding the Provi. fions contained in the said Adi of the Forty eighth Year of H11 Majefty’s Reign, it fhaU not be lawful for any Farmer of any of the said Duties, or for any other Perfon or Perfons from and after the Thirty firlt Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, to prosecute for any pecuniary Penalty imposed by any of the said hereinbefore mentioned Adis in any of His Majefty’s Courts at IVtfl-minjler or in Scotland, without having first obtained the Confcnt in Writing of the Commissioners of Stamps, or any Two of them, nor unless the Profecntion for th(*fame shall be carried on by the Solicitor of Stamps, or feme other Solicitor or Attorney approved of by the said Commiflioncrs ; and it shall be lawful for the CommiilioneTS of Stamps or the major Part of them, if they shall think fit, to order the Proceedings to be flayed in any such Profecution on Payment of Part only of the Penalty incurred, with or without Coils, or on Payment only of the Cofts incurred in such Profecution or any Part thereof, as the said Commissioners shall judge proper and expedient.

C A P. CLXXV.

An Adi to explain and amend several Adis relating to Spiritual Perfons holding of Farms ; and for enforcing the Refidence of such Perfons on their Benefices, in England, for One Year, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Meeting of the then next Sefiion of Parliament.	[30th	July	1814.]

1 \\J HE REAS an Adi was pa (Ted in the Forty third Year of the

*	V V Reign of His present Majeity, intituled An Ad to amend 1 the Laws relating to Spiritual Perfons holding of Farms ; and for 4 enforcing the Refidence of Spiritual Perfons on their Benefices in Eng-4 land : And Whereas certain of the Provifions of the laid Adi have

*	been found inconvenient 5 and it is expedient that the said Adi be 4 amended, and that further Provifiou be made for the better carrying

*	into Execution the Purpofes thereof: And Whereas it is also ex-4 pedient to amend certain Provifions contained in an Adi, passed in

*	the Twenty first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, in-

*	tituled Spiritual Perfons abridged from taking Pluralities of Livings 4 and from taking of Farms ; and also in an Adi passed m the lift 4 Sefiion, intituled An Ad for the further Support and Maintenance cf ‘ Stipendiary Curates f Be it therefore enacted by The King’s MoS Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflerabled, and by the Authority of the tame, That.no Adlion of

Debt,





913

54vGEO. in.	C.	175.

Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information; against any Spiritual Perfon,'for Aftions for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures under or by virtue of Penalties under the said first recited Ad, Audi be commenced or filed in any of His ^cn to j,e Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlmmjler> or the Court of Great commenced. Seflions in Wales, until the First Day of May after the Expiration of the Year in which any alleged Offence against the said Ad shall have taken place.

* II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Archbifhops and 4 Biftiops of their respective Diocefes should be further empowered 4 to puni/h past Non Refidence, as well as to compel Refidence in 4 future;* Be it enacted, That in all cases in which any Spiritual Births«m-Perfon shall have become subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for powered to any Non Refidence, it shall be lawful for the Archbiftiop or Biftiop Pun'1^ Paft Non within whose Diocefe such Penalty or Forfeiture shall have arisen, to proceed against such Spiritual Perfon for such past Non Refidence, and to levy the Penalties incurred thereby under the said first recited Ad as amended by this Ad, by Monition and Sequef-tration, and to direct the Application thereof in like manner, and subject to the fame Regulations, and with like Powers of remitting or ordering the Repayment of any Part of such Penalties, as is directed. or allowed in the said Ad, in cases of Noncompliance with any Order for Refidence.

III.	And be it further enacted, That every Archbifhop or Biftiop Archbishops, fcc. may levy any Colts, Charges or Penalties by this Ad imposed upon may levy Pe-any Spiritual Perfon, subject to his Jurifdidion or locally situate nalt>es an^ therein, who. shall under the Provifions of jhe said first recited Ad bequeftrauoi* or this Ad become liable thereto, in the fame manner as any Colls

may be levied upon any Spiritual Perfon by any Archbilhop or Biftiop under the Provifions of the said Ad, and may order the Application of such Penalties in such manner as is by the said Ad directed concerning any Money levied by Sequcftration.

IV.	And be it also enacted, That every Penalty under the first Penalties not

reciting Ad, or this Ad, in respect of which no Proceeding shall lcv,ed bv B‘lhoP» have been had by Monition for the Recovery thereof, before the	^

First Day of May after the fame shall have been incurred, may be 0 recovered and applied by Adion or Suit, in like manner as the

Penalties for Non Refidence are directed to be recovered and applied by any Adion or Suit under the said first recited Ad and this Ad.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be proviso for ap-

lawful for any Spiritual Perfon to appeal against any Proceedings peal under had under the Provifions of this Ad, in the fame manner as is directed 43 G* 3« c. ^4* in relation to any Appeal under the said first recited Ad.	$ x9*

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Penalties recafe in which any Archbilhop or Biftiop shall think proper, under mined.

all the circumstances thereof, after proceeding by Monition for the Recovery of any Penalty under the said lirit recited Ad or under this Ad, to remit the Whole or any Part of the said Penalty, such Archbilhop shall forthwith traufmit to His M.ijefty in Couneil, and such Biftiop shall transmit to the Archbilhop of the Province to which he belongs, a Lift of such cases as have occurred in his or their respective Diocefes, specifying tli * nature and special circum-flances of each case, and the Reafons for the said Remission, in the fame manner as is directed in relation to the Licences for Non Reiidency granted in none mini crated cases, under the said first recited 54 Geo. III.	3	N	Act;

9*4

Dccifion of Aichbifhop final.

When Penalties recoverable.

Year for Purpofes of Ad when to commence, &c. Licences, except for tempo* rary Causes, granted accordingly.

Months how computed.

43 G. 3. c.fU-§ 25, 26. in part repealed. Caufe of Exempt on neglected to he notified.

Penalty,

C.175.	54°GEO.III.	A.D.1B14.

Aft 5 and it shall thereupon be lawful for His Majesty in Couneil, or for the said Archbishop, as the case maj be, to allow or disallow such Remiflton in Whole or in Part# m the fame manner as the Allowance or Difallowance of the said Licences for Non Refi-dence is provided for by the said Aft 5 the Decifion of the said Archbishop, with respect to cases transmitted to him from any such Bi(hop, to be final.

* VII. And Whereas Doubts have been entertained, whether

*	Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the said first recited Aft

*	might not be recovered for more that One YearBe it declared and enacted, That no Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered by any Proceeding or Aftion, other and further than those to which such Spiritual Perfons may be liable under the Provifions of the said Aft, for any Offence alleged to have been committed against the Provifions of the said Aft or this Aft during the Year ending on the Thirty First Day of December immediately preceding the Commencement of such Proceeding or Aftion.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That, for all the Purpofes of the said first recited Aft and of this Aft, the Year shall be deemed to commence on the First Day of January, and be reckoned therefrom to the Thirty first Day of December, both inclusive; and afl Licences granted under the said Aft, other than such as (haD be granted for Periods less than a Year, on account of Ilineft or other temporary Cause, shall be granted to commence and terminate at such respective Periods as aforesaid, for the Year or Years for which they shall be granted; save and except such as k may be necd&ry to grant for the Remainder of any Year after the Expiration of any Licence now subsisting.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That, for all the Purpofes of the said first recited Aft and of this Aft, the Months therein named shall be taken to be Calendar Monthsj except in any case in which any Month or Months are to be made up of different Periods left than a Month; and in every such case Thirty Days shall be deemed t Month.

X.	And be it further enacted, That so much of said first recited Aft as enacts, that any Perfon neglecting to notify any Reafon of any Exemption from Refidence, for which it is not neceffury to obtain a Licence, shall not be deemed to be entitled to the Besrik of such Exemption, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and, from and after the palling of this Aft, every Spiritual Perfon having lawful Caufe of Exemption from Refidence under the ftiid Aft, 0s any other Aft, and being Non Refident, who shall neglect to mike such Notification thereof, as in the said Aft is dirested, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied by Sequeftration, if not otherwise paid after Monition to pay the fame, of the Profits of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, for which he shall claim Exemption from Refidence, by the Archbiftiop or Bifhop of the Diocefe to whom the Notification ought to be made, to be applied as he mar direct, to useful and charitable Purposes, with the like Power ci remitting or ordering the Repayment of any Part of such Penaltir* as is directed or allowed in the said Afts, in cases of Noncompliancc with an Order for Refidence.

XI* Ad



A.D.i8i4*	54*GEO-in.	0.175,176.	915

XI.	And be it further enacted, That so much of an Aft passed S3&:3* c. 149-in the lafl Seffion of Parliament, intituled An A3 for the further J I^ai^jpart Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates, as enacts, that every rep Incumbent of or Perfon holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual

Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, who does not nor shall not duly reside thereon (except as therein excepted), and who shall, for the Period of Three Months after the Death or Refignation of any Curate who has served his Church or Chapel, neglect to notify to the Bifiiop of the Diocefe such Death or Refignation, shall forfeit and lose all the Benefit of any Difpenfation or Exemption from Refidence, or Licence for Non Refidence, and be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties for Non Refidence, as if he had no such Difpenfation, Exemption from Refidence or Licence for Non Refidence, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed 5 and, from and after the passing of this Aft, every such Perfon shall, for such Negleft, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied, applied and Penalty, remitted, in like manner as is hereinbefore provided with respect to the Negleft of notifying Exemptions from Refidence.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That every Spiritual Perfon In case no

having any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial House of Refi-Chapelry, and who shall not have, nor during any Part of his In-	wh«

cumbency have had any House of Refidence thereon, and who fhall	*

have resided Nine Months in the Year within the Limits of his ** Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, fhall

not be liable to any Penalties on account of Non Refidence, nor be obliged to take out any Licence therefore ; but that the fame shall be deemed a legal Refidence to all the Intents and Purpofes of the said first recited Aft and this Aft 5 and in all Returns made by the Bishops, Perfons so residing shall be returned as resident.

* XIII. And Whereas the Governors of Queen Anne\ Bounty Houfes pur-4 have in some Inftances purchased, or may hereafter purchase Houfes	0f

4 not situate within the rari files for which they are purhafed, but so Quc^Anne’*

*	contiguous as to be equally convenient and suitable for the Refi- Bounty deemed

•	dence of the officiating Miniflers therof :* Be it enacted, That such Refidencei. Houses, having been previously approved by the Archbifhop or Bishop, by Writing under his Hand, shall be deemed Parfonage Houles appertaining to such Livings, to all Intents and Purpoles vrhatfoever.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Sinecure Sinecure Reftories having Vicarages endowed, the Refidence of the Vicar Rhodes, in the Reftory House shall be deemed a sufficient legal Refidence,

to all Intents and Purpofes whatever.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall continue and Continuance of be in force for One Year, and from thence until Six Weeks after the A ft.

Meeting of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CLXXVI.

An Aft for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Local Militia in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.	[30th July 1814.3

4 TTTHEREAS it is necefiary that Provifion should be made 4 W for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the 4 Local Militia in Great Britain for One Year, from the Twenty

3 N 2	4	fifth





Secretary at War to issue Money required for Pay of Local Militia. Kates of Pay.

Contingent

Lxpences.

Clothing.

50 O.3.C. 15.

Rates of Pay when at'lent on furlough.

Pay Ilfucd Four V«»r.»hs iu Ad. %an;e.

1 fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the I.ords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Secretary at War for the time being is hereby authorized and impowered and required to cause to be ifiued and paid the whole Sum required for the Local Militia, in the manner and for the several Ufes hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, for the Pay of the said Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter Mailer, where the Ellablilhment of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which he is appointed, shall exceed Three hundred and sixty Private Men ; and at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day to such Quarter Mailer, where the Eilabliihment shall not exceed that Number 5 and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence a Day for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Six pence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence a Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid 5 and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Six pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed: And also at the Rate of Three pence per Man for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the Contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps: And also for the Clothing of the Local Militia for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major, Three Pounds Nine Shilling* and One Penny for each Serjeant, One Pound Nineteen Shillings and One penny for each Corporal, Four pounds and Ten pence for each Drum Major, Three Pounds and Ten pence for each Drummer, and One Pound Eighteen Shillings and Seven pence for each Private Man; and that such Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on constant Pay, and resident at the Head Quarters, shall be clothed once in Two Years; and that such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, of Local Militia beyond the regular Eilabliihment of the Permanent Sul thereof, as may be serving on Reduced Pay, under the Provifioas of an Adi palled in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to amend several Ads relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain, shall be entitled to new Clothing when their present Clothing shall have been actually and necessarily worn for Two Years: Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be ablent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall, during such Abfence, receive Pay at the following Rates inilead of thofeabove mentioned; that is to fay, Every Serjeant the Sum of Ob* Shilling a Day, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence ter Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day relpedtively, and no more: And it shall be lawful tor the Secretary at War to cause any such Pay to be from time to time issued in Advance so:

any

L.ooQle

9'7

A.D.1814.	54° GEO. III.	0.

any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time for which such Advances shall be made.

II.	And be it further enabled, That there shall be granted to the Allowance to Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, the Surgeons.

Sum of Five Shillings and Three pence for every Day’s Training,1

for the fame Purpofe 5 and to the Surgeon of Local Militia an Allowance of Six pence per Month for each of the Non Commiffioned Officers and Drummers of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps,	*	*

on conllant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commiffioned Officers and Drummers on constant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment, Battalion or Corps is not called out for annual Training and Excrcife.

III.	And be it further enabled, That the Quarter Mailer or Bat- Quarter Matter, talion Clerk to each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, of Local Militia, &c-10 have shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Cloth-

ing, NecefTaries and other Stores, under the Superintendance of	neJ!el*_

the Colonel or Commandant, and shall, out of the Money hereby f,ry for Repair* directed to be ifTned and paid for defraying the contingent Expences on an Order of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from time to time issue out n2nei' ^y and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Colonel.

Arms, upon an Order in Writing, Signed by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as shall be drawn upon him by the Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid, he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and the Balance remaining in his Hands, which Balance to form said Balance shall form a Stock Purfe, for the U fe of the Regiment, Stock Putfe. Battalion or Corps, and transmit the fame to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and signed, and the said Accounts so allowed and iigned, shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Quarter Mailer or Battalion Clerk for the Application and Difpofal of such Money.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That the Officers and Non Com- Lo-nl Militia miffioned Officers and Private Men of the Local Militia when not entitled to Pay drawn out and embodied, shall be entitled to the fame Pay and dunng Period* Allowance as the Regular Militia when drawn out and embodied: ^1”^/*** Provided always, that the said Pay and Allowances shall only extend '

to such Period or Periods for which the said Local Militia shall be called out for the Purpofe of Annual Exercife or Training, or when called out for suppressing Riots or Tumults, exclusive of the Days of arriving at and departure from and marching to and from the Place apjsointed for Exercife ; any thing in any A6t or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithHanding.

V.	And be it further enabled. That all Sums of Money granted Money for

for the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expences for the Local Militia p<iy» &c. ifliied as aforesaid, shall be ifTued and paid under the Direction of the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to issue such Regula-	*	*

lions as he may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time in

that behalf.

£SeSion 6. is the fame as § 7. of 53 G. 3. c* 96. except that the Right to Chelfe* Mifords “ So help me God” are added after the Oath.]	Pentions not

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Non affetted. Commiffioued Officer or Private Man in the Local Militia entitled 4	3	N	3	to



918

C. 176.

540 GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

Adjutants, after Service of 30 Years unfit for further Service, to receive Allowance of 6s. per Day.

Provifa

Provifo.

Receiver General of Land Tax Ac. to pay Allowances to Clerks of Genera! and SubdivL Con Meetings.

Rates of Allowance.

to receive any Cbelfea Penfions or Allowance, (Kail forfeit or lose his Right to the fame by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Local Militia.

* VIII. And Whereas Perfons appointed to aft as Adjutants in

*	the Local Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable

*	of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some Provifion

*	fhould be made for them in consideration of their former Service Be it enacted, That if any Adjutant who shall have served faithfully either in His Majefty’s Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole. Fifteen of which he shall have served as an Adjutant of Local Militia, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall on producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place to which such Local Militia shall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Receivers General aforesaid respectively shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to such Perfon producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that do Perfon shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall have served for a less Term than Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majessy, except as Regimental or Battalion Clerk of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular or Local Militia: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

f Scdion 9. is the fame (except the date) as § IO. of 53 G. 3. c. 96.]

X. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding or Place in England where the Local Militia is or shall be railed, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding or Place respectively, and in every County, Stevvartry, City or Place in Scotland where the Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver General for Scotland shall issue and pay the whole Sums required for the respective Allowances to the Clerks of the General Meetings and Clerks of the several Subdivifion Meetings in England, at the Rates following ; that is to fay. To the CLerk of the General Meetings at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting, and to the several Clerks of the Subdivifion Meetings at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting; and such further Allowance shall he made to such respective General and Subdivifion Clerks for their Expences and Trouble in amending the Returns of Perfons returned liable to serve in the Local Militia, by taking out the Names of all Perfons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Names of any Perfons that shall have been omitted to be inferted* and in numbering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Bailot, after the Rate of One Pound Fifteen Shillings for every One thousand Names of Perfons returned liable to serve, and also for the actual Expences incurred by such respective Clerks, and for Printing and Stationery used for the Purpofe of this Aft, as to the

Lord



9i9

A.D. 1814*	S4° GEO. III.	C. 176,177.

Lord Lieutenant* or Deputy Lieutenant* of the respective Countie*,

Ridings, Cities or Places shall appear reasonable and proper, and in case the Orders made by the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants for the Payment of such further Allowances as aforesaid shall be confirmed at a General Meeting confiding of not less than Five Deputy Lieutenants, but not otherwise.

£ Sedions 11, audit, are the fame as§ 13. and 14.* q/* 53 G. 3. r. 96.]

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders *c* <,rawli drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Local Militia under this Ad,	°*

may or shall be drawn upon undamped Paper, and no such Bill, Draft paper. or Order shall be void by reason of being so drawn or written on undamped Paper.

[Sedions 14. and 15. are the fame as § 16. and 17. <?/* 53 G. 3. c. 96.]

CAP. CLXXVII.

An Aft for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland • and for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

[30th July 1814.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is necessary that Provifion should be made

*	W for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the 9 Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom called Irelandy from

*	the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and

*	fourteen until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight

*	hundred and fifteen Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That for every County, Treasury to County of a City or Town in Ireland, where the Militia is or shall iflueFour

be raised, the Lords Commissioners of His Majedy’s Treasury in Months Pay m Ireland shall ifTue and pay out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, ^"county, the whole Sums required, in the manner and for the several Ufes here- &c. where inafter mentioned 5 that is to fay, for the Pay of the said Militia, at Militia raised. the Rate of Eight Shillings per Day for eacn Adjutant, and at the Rate> of p*y. Rate of Six Shillings per Day for each Paymader and Surgeon re-fpe&ively, where an Adjutant, Paymader or Surgeon is appointed 5 and at the Rate of Five Shillings per Day for each Quarter Madcr where a Quarter Mader is appointed ; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Ten pence per Day for each Serjeant Major and Quarter Mailer Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps where a Serjeant Major and Quarter Mader Serjeant are appointed ; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence per Day For each Serjeant so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Six pence per Day for each Drum Major, wliere a Drum Major is appointed ; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Fifer so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence per Day for each Corporal so resident a* aforesaid :

And also at the Kate of Three pence per Month for each Private Man Cont ingent and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regi- EMiencei* ment and Battalion of Militia: And also for the Clothing of the Clothing. Militia for such County, after the Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten pence for each Serjeant Major, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight pence for each Serjeant, Two Pounds One

3 N 4	Shilling



A.D.1S14*

920

P a'es of Pay when on Furlough.

Baymafter to ITuc Money for Repair of Arms, &c. on OiJer signed by ColoneL

Balance »o . Sto^k Purfe

Colonel to certify to Treasury Days of Exer-eife,&c. who shall pay Sums herein lpecified.

C.177.	54°	GEtX	Ills

Shilling: and Ten pence for each Corporal, Four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven pence for each Drum Major, and Three Pounds Five Shillings and Two pence for each Drummer, when such Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Drummers and Corporals, have not been clothed within Two Years; and, with refpedf to the Private Militia Men, at the Rate of Two Pounds One Shilling and Four pence for each Private Militia Man, when such Private Militia Men have not been clothed within Four Years: Provided always, that where any Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be absent on Furlough, or Licence, such Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall, during such Abfence, receive the Rates of Pay following; that is to fay, every Serjeant Major the Sum of One Shilling and Four pence, every Drum Major the Sum of One Shilling, every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day respectively, and no more; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to dire<£! that any such Pay shall be from time to time ifTued by the said Lords Commiflioners of His Majdly’s Treasury in Ireland, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time when such Advances shall be made.

[ Seflion 2. is the fame as j 2. of 53 G.3. c. 79.]

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Paymafler of each Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia shall, out of the Allowance of Three pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer directed by this Act to be ifTued and paid for defraying the contingent Ex-pences of such Regiment from time to time issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and other usual contingent Expenccs, upon an Order in Writing (igned by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment 0/ such Sums as aforesaid, he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of ill such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, shewing the Balance remaining in his Hands, which said Balance shall form a Stock Purfe for the Ufe of the Regiment, and transmit the fame to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, to be by him examined, allowed and signed, and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be and are hereby uiredled to be proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Paymafter for the Application and Difpofal of such Money.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That whenever the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, at a General Meeting to be held for any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, shall have fixed the Days of Exercife for the Militia, the Colonel or Commanding Officer shall, as soon as may be, certify the fame to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, and to the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefly’s Treasury in Ireland, specifying the Number of Men and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home on account of such Exercife, not exceeding in the whole Twenty eight Days ; and the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury in Ireland are hereby required within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of a Warrant thereon of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the pme being, to ifTue and pay put of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland\

igjtized by



A.D. 1814.

54- GEO. III.

at the Rate of Ten Shillings per Day for the Captain of each Company, at the Rate of Five Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Ensign, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Six pence per Day for each Afliftant Surgeon, and also at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, for any Number of Days not exceeding Twenty eight, during which such Men shall be absent from Home on account of their Attendance at such Place of Annual Exercife.

\_Seftion 5. is the fame as § 4. of 53 G. 3. c. 79.]

4 VI. And Whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to certain 1 Officers of the said Militia Forces of Ireland while disembodied under certain RegulationsBe it further enabled. That the following Allowances to Allowances over and above the Pay to which they are entitled during Subaltern Offi-the time of annual Exercife, or when called out for the Supprcflion cer* and Afliftant of Riots or Tumults, shall be made and paid to the Amount, under 6urSeons* the Rellri&ions, and in the manner hereinafter expressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Afliftant Surgeon, now bearing a Commiilion, and serving in the Militia of Ireland, who shall continue faithfully to serve until the Difembodying thereof; that is to fay, to a Lieutenant Two Shillings and Six pence a Day, to an Enfign Two Shillings a Day, and to an Afliftant Surgeon Two Shillings and Six pence a Day.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Perfon Exception*, who is or shall during the Continuance of this A£l become poflefied

of such an Eftate or Income, as would by Law entitle him to hold

a Captain’s Commillion in the Militia of a County at large in

Ireland', or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant or Surgeon in any	t

Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, nor any Perfon deriving in

any way what foe ver, other wife than as a Subaltern or Afliftant

Surgeon of the said Militia, any Income, Stipend or Allowance

whatsoever, from the Public, nor any Officer on the Full or Half

Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, who shall also hold the Com-

mimon of a Subaltern or Afliftant Surgeon in the said Militia, (hall

have or be in any wife entitled to the said Annual Allowance or any

Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof in any wife notwithHanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers Subalternschimr and Afliftant Surgeons of the said Militia, who shall claim under ing Allowance* the Authority of this A6I to receive any Part of the said Allow- tp take follow-ances shall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle i,,g themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some one of

His Majefty’s Julliccs of the Peace for the County, to which the Regiment or Battalion in which they serve shall belong, in the Words or to the Effect following ; videlicet,

*	T A.B. do swear, That I belonged to the	QJtll

1 of	the	Militia of Ireland, when the fame was dif-

‘ embodied, and that I have continued to serve therein from that 4 time until the	Day	of

4	inclusive,	as	a	Lieutenant,	Enfign	or Afliftant

*	Surgeon (ax the case may be) ; and that I was not in my own 4 Right, or in Right of my Wife, during the said Period, in the « actual Pofleflion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and

*	Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of such an annual

* Value

C. 177-

921





9*2

Justices to tranf-mit Oaths to Paymailer.

Subalterns, fcc. to attend an • nual Exercife or forfeit Allowance, and Pay.

Certificates of Attendance

tranfmitted by Commanding Officer to Pay-mafter of Regiment.

|n case of Leave of Ab-fence,Reafonfor granting it in-ferted in Certificate.

If Militia not called out to annual Ezercife, Subalterns, &c. still entitled to Allowance*

C177.

54* GEO. HI,

A.D.l8l4.

•	Value above Reprizes, as would qualify me to bold a Cotnmiffion 4 of Captain of a Company in the Militia of a County at large in

*	Ireland; that I have not, during the above Period, held the

•	Appointment of Adjutant or Surgeon in any Regiment, Battalion

•	or Corps of Militia 5 that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any 4 Perfon for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Office or

*	Income whatsoever from the Public, except my Pay as

*	for the Period of the Corps having assembled to be trained and

*	exercifed 5 and that I was not entitled, during the said Period,

•	either to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines.

4 So help me GOD.'

Which Oath, so taken and fubferibed, shall be by the said Juftice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and transmit the fame to the Paymafter of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer or Affillant Surgeon shall be then serving.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That every Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surgeon of the said Militia who shall be entitled or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this A&, shall regularly attend the annual Exercife and Training of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, during the whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, or during the Period of being called out for fupprrffing Riots or Tumults, and shall during the said time punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon of such Regiment, on Pain of forfeiting the said Allowance, as well as the Reft of his Pay and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year in which he shall negle6t or refuse to attend; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, figued by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which he may belong, shall be furnished by the said Commanding Officer to the Paymafter of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which the Officer shall belong: Provided always, that in case any such Subaltern Officer, or Affiftant Surgeon, claiming to be entitled to such Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered for any special Caufe or unavoidable Neceflity, to be ablest during the Whole or any Part of such annual Exercife, for which Purpofe it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Abfence, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Subaltern Officer, or Affiftant Surgeon, who may be so permitted to be absent, and have such Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowance, and every Part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the whole of the said annual Exercife : Provided always, that the reasons for which Abfence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in Certificates (in lieu of those before mentioned!, to be signed by the Comnwdicg Officer, and to be furnished as loon as conveniently may be to the Paymafter of the Regiment or Battalion wherein fuen Subaltern, or Affiftant Surgeon, shall be serving.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, after the difembodying thereof, and before the respective Days hereinafter fixed for tv Half-yearly Payment of the said Allowances, shall not be called oa: for the annual Exercife and Training tfiereof, or for the SupprefSos of Riots or Tumults, every Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surge**

5	belonging



923

A.D.i8i4»

54” GEO. m.

C.177.

belonging to any such Regiment or Battalion, and coming within the Defcription of this Aft, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, before any such Juftice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Allowance, andf if such t Sic. Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercife and Training of fucn Regiment or Battalion during the whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion, had been fumifhed to the Paymafter of the Regiment or Battalion.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificates as Allowance* paid aforesaid of such Juftice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as without Deduc-aforesaid, or where any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall not t,on,#

have been called out to their annual Exercife as aforesaid, upon a Certificate of any such Juftice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Paymasters, it shall be lawful for such Paymasters, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surgeon, according to their respective Commiffions of Lieutenant, Enfign or Affiftant Surgeon, in Addition to their Pay, for the time of Training and Exercife, the Allowance above mentioned for Six Months, or other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of December next, and the other proper Proportion of the fame on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, without any Deduftion whatsoever ; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Aft.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That the Subaltern Officers and Subalterns not Affiftant Surgeonf of the said Militia, entitled or claiming to be attending when entitled to the Benefits of this Ad, shall at all times be liable to called upon, to serve in the respective Regiments or Battalions to which they belong, forfeit Claims* whenever the fame shall be embodied and called out upon actual * ,c* Service 5 and in case of Negleft or Refufal to attend when called

upon, at such times or for such Occalions as may be required of them, in pursuance of the Laws now in force respecting the said • Militia when disembodied, each and every such Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surgeon shall on such Negleft or Refufal being certified to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Qovernors of Irelandy or his or their Chief Secretary, and to the Paymafter of the Regiment or Battalion, by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon shall belong, forfeit his Claims to the said Allowance, and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered an having resigned and vacated his Commiffion to all Intents and Purpofes what foe ver.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft con- Allowances no* tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any Subaltern made while Officer or Affiftant Surgeon as aforesaid, to the said Allowance, or Militia enw any Part thereof, during the time the Militia to which he belongs *>0,<led»

shall be embodied or ordered out on actual Service.

[SeSions 14. and 15. are the fame at § 5. and 6. of 53 G. 3. c. 79.J

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Perfons<

Perfon being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Naval, &c. Half Allowance, as having served in any of His Majeft ~

y*S Foroes, or p*y» °r entitled Manv to Allowance at mVy having ferved

924

in His Majefty’s Foroes, kc. terv-ing in Militia, may receive fame on taking following Oath.

Oath.

Chelsea or Kil-mnnh.nn Fen-fions nut at-led ed.

Allowance to Surgeons.

Adjutants after so Years’ Service, io of which as Adjutants of

C. 17 7*	540 GEO. IIL	A.D.	1814.

Navy or Marines, and serving ill the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered, to receive and take the Subfiftence Money by this Ad directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Pay matters, Quarter Matters, Surgeons and Affiitant Surgeons, when assembled for annual Training, or for the Suppreffion of Riots or Tumults; and the receiving aud taking any such Subfiftence Money by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter Matter, Surgeon or Afiittact Surgeon, shall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay, so as in any manner to prevent such Perfon on Half Pay, or being entitled to am such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay, or such Allowance; and such Perfon shall take the following Oath before some Juflice uf the Peace who is hereby empowered to administer the fame :

4 T j4.B. do swear, That I had not between the 4	and	the	any Place or Employ-

4 ment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majetty, besides my

*	Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced	b

4 His Majofty’s Navy (or in the Marines, or in

4 late Regiment of	) or Allowance a«

4	in	late	Troop	of Horse Guard?

*	(or,	Regiment	of Horse reduced,) favtr and

4 except my Subfiftence as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, 4 Ensign, Adjutant, Pay matter or Quarter Matter, Surgeon or 4 Affiitant Surgeon (as the case maybe) for serving in the Militia ia

*	the County of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle fach Perfon to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Ufage or Cuilom to the contrary notwiih-ftanding.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Man in the said Militia entitled to receive any Penfion or Allowance from Chelsea Hofpital or A7.-mainham Hofpital, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the fame by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the said Militia when assembled for Training, or when called out for the Suppreffion of Riots or Tumults.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money in addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment for the Expences of neceffiary Medicines for the sick Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of such Regiment or Battalion, during the Period or Periods of Aflembly for annual Exercife or Training, and also an Allowance of Six pence per Month for each of the Non Commiffioned Officers and Drummers of each Regiment on constant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Exper.ce of neceffiary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commiffiionoi Officers and Drummers in constant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment is not called out for annual Training and Exercife, or for the Suppreffion of Riots and Tumults.

XIX.	And be it further enadfed, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, every Adjutant of the said Militia, who shall have served faithfully either a



9^5

His Majefly’s Regular Forces or in the said Militia, for the full Term Militia, to re-of Twenty Years in the whole, whereof Ten shall have been in Service	fcr

as an Adjutant of the said Militia, who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Pay-mailer of the Regiment, a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Paymafter aforesaid shall be and is hereby authorized to pay to such Perfon, producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Perfon shall be Provifo. entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall have served for a less Term than Ten Years as an Adjutant in the said Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty: Provided alio, that no such Adjutant fnall 1,ruv,:o-lofe any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That if any such Surgeon of the Surgeons .-.frer said Militia, having faithfully served in the Militia for the full Term 20 Years’ Ser-of Twenty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for ^ce^r^cuve further Service, he shall, on producing to the Pay mailer of the per Regiment a Certificate of such Service ot Twenty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the said Paymaffer shall be, and he is hereby authorized and required to pay to such Perfon producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day : Provided always, that no Perfon shall be entitled Provifo. to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty; but bo Perfon receiving such Allowance shall, by reason thereof, forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

XXL And be it further enabled, That the Lord Lieutenant or Lord Lieut*-other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland fof the time being, as nant» on tc~ soon as he or they shall receive a Certificate under the Hand of the ^t^from^ob Colonel or Commanding Officer of the refpe£live Regiments or nei, certifying Battalions of the Militia of Ireland, certifying the Receipt of the Receipt of Clothing, which Certificate shall fpecify-the Number of Serjeants, Clothing, *c. to Corporals, Drummers and Private Men, for whom the fame shall ,fu,e Money tor have been supplied, shall issue a Warrant to the Lords Commiffioncrs of the Treasury for Payment of the fame; and the said Lords Com-miflioners of the Treasury, upon receiving an Order from the said Colonel or Commanding Officer for Money due on Account thereof, payable to the Perfon or Perfons who furnifiicd the said Clothing, shall pay the Sum mentioned in such Warrant and Order to the Perfon entitled to receive the fame, provided the said Clothing shall not exceed the Allowance hereinbefore dirc&cd; and such Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Perfon receiving the said Money, shall he a sufficient Voucher to the Lords Commissioners of His Majeily’s Treasury in Ireland for such Payment.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, Thit the Hire or Coft of any Expern e of House or Place to be provided for the keeping of the Arms, Houle for de-Accoutrements, Clothing, or other Stores, and for the Refidence ^^Siortsof3 and Accommodation of the Permanent Staff belonging to any Regi- MilKia,\e d«l ment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland, when not embodied, ffiali frayed by

be Couiiiy..

CjOOQle

926

C 177, 178.

54' GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Provifo.

Provifo.

Lord Lieutenant may order Arms to be depolited in Ordnance Stores in Dublin.

Bills, fcc. drawn on unltampcd Paper.

be defrayed by the County, and the necefTary Sum for that Purpofe shall be raised bv Prefenttnent of the Grand Jury of the said County, and which Prefentirtent the Grand Jury of the County it hereby authorized and required to pass, on a Certificate signed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and specifying the Cofl incurred or to be incurred in building such House or Place, or the Rent agreed to be paid for the fame 5 which Certificate shall be trailfmitted by such Chief Secretary to the Clerk of The Crown for fucli County at any time prior to the First Day of the Aflizes for such County, or it in the County or County of the City of Ihiblb, then prior to the First Day of the Prefenting Term: Provided, that in no case any greater Rent than Forty Pounds Irijb Currency fhafi be presented by such Grand Jury for the annual Rent of such Place, nor a greater Sum than Two hundred Pounds Irijb Currency fhaD be required for building such House: Provided also, that the Grand Juries of such Counties shall be entitled to purchase Ground for building and erecting such House, in the fame manner as they are now by Law entitled to purchase Ground for building County Gaols.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enabled, That it mall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being (if he or they shall fee fuffident Caufe for so doing) to order and direct that the Arms, Accoutrements and other Stores, or any Part thereof, belonging to any

Siment or Battalion of the said Militia, shall at any tune while Regiment or Battalion shall not be embodied, or in actual Service, be conveyed to and deposited, and kept in any of His Maiefty’s Ordnance Stores in the City of Dublin, or to and in any such Ordnance Store, or to and in any other Place of Security, in any other Part in Ireland, as he or they shall from time to time order or direct, and under such Rules and Regulations as be or they shall think fit and proper in that behalf.

[Seflion 24. is the fame as § 20. of 53 G. 3. r. 79.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts .and Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the said Militia when disembodied under this Aft, may be or shall be drawn upon un* stamped Paper, and no such Bill, Draft or Order shall be void by reason of being drawn or written on undamped Paper.

CAP. CLXXVIII.

An Adi to continue so much of an Adi made in the Forty third Year of His present Majefty's Reign, for authorizing the billetting and subjecting to Military Difcipline, certain Yeomanry Corps and Officers of Cavalry or Infantry, as relates to such Corps in Ireland.	[^oxhjuly	1814.]

43 G. 3. c. 121. * YTTHEREAS an Aft was made in the Forty third Year of

*	W His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for autk-€ rising the billetting of such Troops of Teomanry and Fohadter i Cavalry as may be defir ous of ajfembling for the Purpofe of being

*	trained together in Great Britain and Ireland 5 and for fubjeShg € to Military Difcipline during the War, such Serjeants serving in am

*	Volunteer or Teomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as rrcekt

* confiant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers or Bugle Men firmj

* thera*,

LnOOQle

*	therein, and receiving Pay at any Daily or Weekly Pate ; and for 4 the further regulating of such Teomanry and Volunteer Corps; 4 which A 61 wa3 to continue and be in force during the Continuance

*	of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a 4 Definitive Treaty of Peace with France ; and it is expedient that 4 the fame Ihould be further continued, so far as relates to such 4 Troops or Corps in Ireland ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moll Excellent Majcity, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said recited Adi fiiall be and continue in force, so far as relates to any such Troops or Corps in Ireland, from the time of the palling of this Adi, until the Expiration of One Year next after the palling of this Adi, and from thence until the End of the then next Sellion of Parliament ; and that all such Provifions and Regulations in the said recited Adi contained, so far as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland, as by the said Adis are applied during War or during the Continuance of War, or during the Continuance of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of such Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall be in force during the Continuance of the said recited Adis as aforesaid.

CAP. CLXXIX.

An Adi to amend an Adi, palled in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AEl for amending and reducing into One At1 of Parliament the several Laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland.

[30th July 1814.]

4 YT7’HEREAS by an Adi palled in the Forty ninth Year of 4 V V His present Majefty's Reign, intituled An AS for amending 4 and reducing into One AS of Parliament the several Laws for 4 raising and training the Militia of Ireland 5 it is, amongst other 4 things, enacted, that the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and 4 other Stores belonging to every Regiment or Battalion of the Militia 4 of Ireland when not embodied, shall be kept in such convenient 4 Place within the County, County of a City or Town, to which fuch

*	Regiment or Battalion shall belong, as the Colonel or other Com-4 mandant of such Regiment or Battalion shall direct, with the Ap-4 probation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or 4 Governors of Ireland for the time being ; and that the Adjutant

*	and One Third at lead in Number of the Seijeants, Corporals and 1 Drummers in every Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia

*	lhall be conllantly resident within the City, Town or Place where

*	the Arms belonging to such Regiment or Battalion are so kept, and 4 that such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers shall be under the 4 Command of the Adjutant, who shall act in such Command under

*	4 the Orders of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of fuch

*	Regiment or Battalion ; and that the Adjutant, and in the Abfence

*	of the Adjutant, the Seijeant Major shall have free Accefs to the 4 Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores as aforesaid,

*	and shall cause the fame to be examined, cleaned and preserved by

*	the said Seijeants, Corporals and Drummers, from time to time as

*	the fame shall be necellary, and shall make a Monthly Return of the

t	4	true

927

! l5*

43 0*3* c.iai, lb fir as relates to Troops or ^ Corps in Ireland continued.

49 G. 3. c. 120.



v^ooQle

9^8

A.D. i8i4-

Quarter Mailer to reside where Arms, kc. arc kept, and in Ah-leuce i>i Adjutant to have Command of bcrjcuuts, &c.

49 G. 3. c.iao.

§J*.

Lord Lieutenant so appoint Azentsfor Militia when not drawn out;

C. 179.	54’	GEO. III.

*	true State of the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, and of the 4 said Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores of the Regi-

*	ment or Battalion respectively, to the Governor or Governors of the

*	County, and to the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment or

*	Battalion : And Whereas it i6 expedient that the said A& be

*	amended in that refpedf ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament airembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this A£t, the Quarter Mailer of every such Regi* ment shall in like manner when such Regiment shall not be embodied, be relident within the City, Town or Place where such Arms shall be so kept, and shall be under the Command of the said Adjutant, and in the Abfence of such Adjutant shall have the Command of tbs said Serjeants, Corporals and Drummer*, and shall have free Acccfs to the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores as aforesaid, and shall from time to time cause the fame to be cleaned ami preferred as aforesaid, and shall make such Monthly Returns as aforesaid, and shall in case of Negledl or Default therein be fubjedf for every such Offence to such Punifhment as a Court Martial shall adjudge, and shall not absent himself from such City, Town or Place without Leave duly obtained from such Adjutant, or in his Abfence, from such Colonel or other Commanding Officer ; and whenever such Adjutant shall be absent, whether with or without Leave, such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers shall be uuder the Corr.rrnrd of such Quarter Mailer ; and in case such Quarter Mailer also /half be absent, then and not otherwise the several Rights and Duties in that refpcdl given to or imposed on the Serjeant Major, or Per km acueg as fach, by the said Ad, shall take place.

4 II. And Whereas it is by the said recited A61 also enacted, that 4 when any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia shall be drawn 4 out into actual Service, and during the time they shall continue in 4 actual Service, the Colonel thereof shall and may appoint an Agent 4 to such Regiment or Battalion, and shall take Security from such 4 Agent: And Whereas it is expedient that Provilion fhculd be 4 made for the Appointment of an Agent to such Regiment or 4 Battalion at other times Be it therefore enabled, That when any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia shall not be drawn out into actual Service, and during such time as they shall not be so drawn out, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or ether Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being to appoint an Agent to such Part of such Regiment or Battalion as shall be employed on Permanent Duty, and such Agent so appointed shall give Security for the faithful Difcharge of the said Office by Bond to Toe Crown, in such Sum as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall dire£l, such Surctiei to be firll approved of by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Licutenini or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or in his Abfence by the Under Secretary for the Military Depart* ment in the Office of such Chief Secretary, and shall thereupon and not before be the Agent of such Regiment until he shall die, reUgu or be removed, or until such Regiment or Battalion shall be drawn out into actual Service.

III. Ari





929

A.D. 1814.	540	GEO.	III.	C.	179,	180.

* IIJ. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful or may empower to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go- Colonel of any vemors of Ireland, if he or they shall think proper, by Warrant foesimcntt0 0 under Hand and Seal, to authorize and empower the Colonel of any such Regiment or Battalion in any such case to appoint an Agent thereto, and to take Security for such Agent in the fame manner as if such Regiment or Battalion was then drawn out on actual Service, and such Perfon to be appointed shall be the Agent to such Regiment or Battalion accordingly.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Lord Ij*eute-and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief "*nt mn[ °frJer Governor or Governors of Ireland, at his or their Will and Plea- Aecnt^ ° sure, to order the Removal of any Agent of such Regiment or Battalion, by whomsoever such Agent shall have been appointed, or whether such Regiment or Battalion shall be drawn out into a£tual Service or not, and such Agent shall thereupon be removed from and shall cease to hold such Ofnce, and shall be incapable of being again appointed thereto until the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall by Writing under Hand and Seal revoke such Incapacity.

CAP. CLXXX.

An A£l to provide for the preferring and restoring of Peace in such Parts of Ireland as may at any time be disturbed by seditious Perfons, or by Perfons entering into unlawful Combinations or Confpiracies.	[30th	July	1814.]

4 TXT HE REAS it is expedient that Provifion6 should be made for

*	W the preferring and restoring of Peace, in such Parts of Ire-

*	land as may at any time be in immediate Danger of being difturbed

4 or may be actually disturbed, by seditious Perfons, or by Perfons ^

*	entering into unlawful Combinations or Confpiracies Be it there-

fore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Commencement of this Two Jufti:?$ Aft, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the "*ay caule cle,k Peace, in any County or County of a City, or Town in Ireland, to lhe ^c*ce lo. direct, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, the Clerk of the s^ffion, who*CU Peace thereof to summon an extraordinary Seffion of the Peace to shall pod No-be holden therein, at such Place and at such Time as they shall deem tice to caut'e expedient, not sooner than Forty eight Hours after such Dire&ion *u{l,ccs tc’be shall have been delivered to such Clerk of the Peace, in order to con-	**

fider the State of such County, Town or City; and thereupon such t*lonc<|#

Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith post Notice thereof on the Door

of the Court House of such County, Town or City, and cause, as far as in him lies, every Juftice of the Peace of such County, Town or City, who shall be resident therein, to be summoned to such Seffions; in serving which Summons, every Constable, Sub Con (table and Sheriff’s Bailiff is hereby required to obey, and be aiding and afiifting to such Clerk of the Peace j and that the Justices afTembled in con- Justices so af fcquence, not being fewer than Seven in a County at large, or than Three iid a County of a Town or City, or the major Part of such Justices refpe&iveiy, shall and may, if they shall lee fit, upon due jjtuunam, Out 54. GEO- III.	3	O	Con-

93°

C. 180.

$4° GEO. III.	A.D.i8i4-

County is dif- Confideration of the State of the County, signify by Memorial signed turbed, &c. by them, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, that they coofider their County, or any Part thereof, to be in a State of Diftmbance, or in immediate Danger of becoming so, and the Grounds and Reafons of such their Opinion, and praying that the Lord Lieutenant and Council may proclaim such County or Part thereof, to be in a State Lord Lieute- of Difturbance, or in immediate Danger of becoming so ; and there-nant, Ac. may upon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or County" &c to ot^ler Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by be in a State of and with Advice of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Ireland, u Diilurbance. he and they shall respectively think proper so to do, by Proclamation, to declare such County, or any Part of such County, to be is a State of Diilurbance, or in immediate Danger of becoming foj as also such Part as he or they shall think proper of any adjoining County ; a Copy of which Proclamation shall be forth with trammktcd by the Clerk of the Privy Council to the Clerk of the Peace of every such County so mentioned therein, who shall thereupon, and he is hereby required forthwith to give Notice thereof to the several Magillrates, and to the Afliftant Barrifter of every such County, or to the Perfon duly qualified and empowered to aft as Afliftant Bar-riiler therein, requiring their Attendance at the Special Seflions to be held as hereinafter mentioned 5 unless some Part of such County shall have been previously proclaimed under or by a Proclamation then in force, by virtue whereof the Special Seflions shall be then fitting from Day to Day, as hereinafter mentioned ; in which case he (hau forthwith give such Notice to the Justices presiding at such Special Seflions, who shall thereupon, or at soon after as the (aid Court shall fit, cause such further Proclamation to be publicly read in open Court. Contents cf	II. And be it further enacted, That every such Proclamation

proclamation, shall warn ^ Inhabitants of every such proclaimed County, or Part thereof, to be and remain within their Houses, at all Hours between Sun-fet and Sun-rife, from and after such Day as shall be named therein for that Purpose, under the Penalties by Law eftabldhed; and such Proclamation shall further order and dnreft that a Special Seflions of the Peace for every such County, whereof the whole or any Part shall be so therein proclaimed, shall be held in such County, at such Time and Place as shall be therein named, not exceeding Seven Days from the Date of such Proclamation ; and such Special Sefioos of the Peace shall be so held accordingly, and shall from thenceforth continue to fit so long as such County, or any Part thereof, shall be proclaimed, and shall nave Power to adjourn from time to tune and from Place to Place within such County as shall be found convenient; and the Clerk of the Peace in every such County is hereby required forthwith to cause such Proclamation to be published in all the Pubbc Newfpapers printed within such County, and to cause one or mar? printed Copy or Copies thereof to be polled up in large legibl* Charafters in all Market Towns within the (aid Comity, or iuc* If County pre- part thereof as shall be so proclaimed : Provided however, that t vioufly pro- any pjjt Gf fuck County shall have been previously proclaimed by er rnatlon notTo ** un^er any Proclamation then continuing in force, in the Whole a notice Special in Part, by reason whereof there shall be then a Court of Spaci Seflions then Seflions of the Peace fitting under this Aft, from Day to Day, e fitting.	fuch County, then such Proclamation shall not make, any mate*

16	*





A.D.1814.

54' GEO. HE

C. 180.

931

of such Special Sefiion of the Peace in such County, but the said Special Sefiions of the Peace so then fitting shall continue to fit, and shall take Cognizance of all Offences committed within such Diftricl or Part so newly proclaimed, in the fame manner, in all respects, as if such Sefiions of the Peace were summoned and fitting by and under such latter Proclamation.

III.	And be it further enacted, That every County or part of a When Placet County so proclaimed, shall be considered to all Intents and Pur- considered a* poses, as a proclaimed District, from the Day on which the Inha- proc alme ' bitants thereof shall be required by the Proclamation to remain within

their Houfes between Sun-fet and Sun-rife as aforesaid, and not before.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all Proclamations which shall Proclamation be issued under this Aft, by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief conclusive Evi-Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by and with de*Jc£ '.n 9‘v.‘* the Advice of His Majefly’s Privy Council as aforesaid, or the c*ourt[]n,m* Dublin Gazette, importing to contain a Copy of such Proclamations respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be and shall be conclusive Evidence in all Courts of Civil or Criminal Jurifdiftion in Ireland, of

all such Fafts as were or shall be necessary to authorize the issuing of such Proclamations as aforesaid ; and every such Proclamation shall be deemed and taken, in all such Courts respectively, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, to have been issued in conformity to the several Provifions of this Ad.

V.	And be it further enacted, That, after the issuing of such Pro- LordLieute-clamation, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or nant may aP-t other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, tK0^6 * and he or they is aad are hereby empowered and required, to direct Counfel topre-any One of His Majefty’s Serjeants at Law or His Majefty’s Counfel fide at Special learned in the Law in Ireland, if any such Serjeant or Counfel can be Settlors, procured, to repair to any such County, which or any Part of which

shall be so proclaimed, and there to continue and to preside at the said Sefiions from Day to Day in manner hereinafter mentioned, so long as such County shall continue to be so proclaimed, unless sooner recalled or permitted to leave the fame by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being ; and that the Afliflant Barrifler of every such County, Aftiftant Barrif-or such other Perfon as shall be duly qualified and empowered to do ter Prelent at the Duty of an Afliflant Barrifler therein, shall, on receiving such Sefllons* Notice as aforesaid, forthwith repair to such County, and shall continue in the said County, and be present at the said Sefiions, so long as the said County or any Part thereof shall continue to be so proclaimed; so as that so long as any such County or any Part thereof shall be proclaimed, there shall always be therein an Afliftant Barrifler, or Perfons duly empowered to discharge the Duties of the said Office.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Serjeant or fugh Serjeant at Law, or Counfel learned in the Law/ to preside in Counkl to pre-the said Court of Sefiions of the Peace as the Chief Judge thereof; as Ch,e* and that such Court of Sefiions of the Peace shall, for the Purpofes -u 5e*sn ^ • of this Aft in all Proceedings under the fame, have and possess all and every the Jurifdiftions, Powers and Authorities, belonging and incident to a Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery,

‘and shall proceed without any Grand’ Jury, and without any Bill found, to try any Perfon or Perfons who shall, by Information on

3 O 2	Oath,

(ions to have all Fower as Court of Oyer and Terminer, See. and to proceed as herein mentioned.

932

C. 180.

A.D.1814.

Court empowered to try by Jury.

Provifo.

Provifo for hold, iqg General Seflions, kc.

54* GEO. III.

Oath, taken before any Juftice of the Peace of the County wherein | such Court shall fit, and returned to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, or his Deputy, be accused of any of the Matters and Things, in refpcft whereof any Perfon is by this Aft declared to be an idle and disorderly Perfon, and shall try such Perfon or Perfon3 on Evidence upon Oath, to be adminiftered'by such Court, in Support of such Accufation 5 and on Evidence upon Oath, to be in like manner administered, in Support of the Defence of such Perfon or Perfons, if any such Evidence shall be offered, and shall convict and pafi Judgment upon, or acquit, the Perfons so tried, according as the Merits of the case shall appear to the Court before whom the fame shall be tried; and that such Conviftion and Judgment, or Acquittal, may be had and pronounced without the Verdift of any Petty Jury, and shall be equally good and valid in Law, as if such Judgment had been had on a Bill found by a lawful Grand Jury, and the Verdift of a lawful Petty Jury given thereon.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if such Court shall think fit and proper, having due regard to the circumstances of the case, and the then existing State and Condition of the County, to try any Perfon charged upon any such Information by a Jury, it shall and may be lawful for such Court to issue a Precept under the Hand of One of the Justices attending such Special Seflions, to such Perfon or Perfons as the Court shall appoint for that Purpose, commanding him or them to summon a Jury to appear before the said Court of Special Selfion, at the Time and Place mentioned in the (aid Precept, which Summons all Perfons so summoned are hereby required to obey; and that it shall be lawful for the said Court upon the Appearance of the said Jury, to cause the said Jury to be {worn and impanelled immediately, or at any time they may appoint, to try the said Perfon or Perfons, upon the said Information ; and the said Court of Seilions of the Peace to be held under this Aft shall hare all such Pbwers of enforcing the Attendance ofPerfons so fummooed as aforesaid, as any Court of General Seflions or Quarter Seffions of the Peace; and the Verdift of such Jury fhaU be taken and coo-fidered as of the fame force and effect, as to the Matter given them in charge, as the Verdift of a Petty Jury in a Court of Oyer and Ter• miner and General Gaol Delivery, and the said Court of Selfions Audi pass their Judgment on such Cafe accordingly : Provided always, that the Execution of any Judgment or Conviftion shall be fuf-pended, unless the Serjeant at Law, or Counfel learned in the Law, so presiding in such Court of Seflions of the Peace, shall agree with the Majority of the Justices of the Peace present at such Court; and in case such Serjeant at Law, or Counfel learned in the Law, fall differ in Opinion from the Majority of the Justices present at such Court of Seflions of the Peace, he shall forthwith report the Cafe, Aand the Whole of the Evidence taken upon the fame, together with his Opinion, to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being, who is hereby empowered to give such Direftions thereupon as he may think proper; and that usd the Direftions of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor cr Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have been’ received, tk Prisoner shall remain in Cuftody: Provided always, that nodmg herein contained shall extend to prevent the holding the Geoeri Seflions of the Peace in such County, in the usual manner, for dz-

charge;



933

54* GEO. III.

C. 180.

charging the ordinary Bufinef3 thereof, at such Hours as the (aid Special Seflions shall not be fitting.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Special Seflions said Court, by ‘Summons under the Hand of One of the Justices m*y attending such Special Seflions, to summon any Perfon or Perfons Wilne^es*

to attend the said Court of Special Seflions as Witnefles upon the Trial of any such Information as aforesaid ; which said Summons, all and every Perfon or Perfons so (ummoned, are hereby required to obey, subject to such Fines, Penalties, Punifliments and Forfeitures for Nonattendance as Perfons summoned or fubpcenaed by any Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery are fubjeCl and liable to for Nonattendance ; and that all Witnefles examined by the said Court, or by any Juflice upon any Information exhibited to him, shall be liable to the fame Punifliment, Penalties and Forfeitures for Perjury or Falfe Swearing, as Witnefles examined by any Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery are fubieCl and liable to.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That Copies of all Informations Copies of Di-upon Oath, upon which any Perfon or Perfons shall be tried under formations »nd this A61, and of all Judgments and Convictions thereupon, shall, by Convictions filed the Serjeant at Law, or Counfel learned in the Law, so prefiding

at such Court of Seffion of the Peace, be deposited with or for- s«ffions.Cr warded to the Clerk of the Peace of the County for which, such Court of Special Seflion shall be held, and shall be filed among the Records of the Quarter Seflions of such County.

X.	And be it further enabled, That any Magiftrate or Peace Found out of Officer may cause to be apprehended and committed any Perfon who Place of Abode, shall, within any such County or DiftriCt so proclaimed, be found in brousht before the Fields, Streets, Highways or elsewhere, out of his, her or their Mjgiftmes. Dwelling or Place of Abode, at any time from One Hour after Sun-

fct until Sun-rife, and such Perfon being duly charged therewith on Oath as aforesaid, shall and may be brought before the said Special Seflions of the Peace, which shall inquire into the said Charge; and i„ what case unless the Perfon accused can prove to the Satisfaction of such deemed idle and Court (taking the Affiftance of a Jury when and so far only as such disorderly. Court shall require the fame) that he or she was out of his or her House upon his or her lawful Occafions, such Perfon shall be deemed an idle and disorderly Perfon.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Masiflrates may for any Juilice of the Peace, or any Perfon thereto authorized by enter Houfes as the Warrant of any Juflice of the Peace, at any time from One herein, and ab-Hour after Sun-fet until Sun-rife, to demand Admiflion ; and in case Berner idle* and Admiffion shall be refused, or not obtained within a reasonable time j^derlv. after it shall have been first demanded, to enter by force into any

House in any County or DiftriCt so proclaimed as aforesaid, from which he shall fufpeCt the Inhabitants, or any of them, to be then absent, and search therein, so as to discover whether the Inhabitants or Inmates, or any of them, be absent; and if the Inhabitants or Inmates, or any ot them, shall be absent between the said Hours, any Magiftrate or Peace Officer may cause to be apprehended and committed the Perfon or Perfons so absent, who shall be brought before the said Court of Special Seflions as aforesaid, and shall be deemed idle and disorderly, unless he, she or they can prove to the Satisfaction of the said Court, with or without the Aid of a Jury

3 O 3



934

C. 180.

540 GEO. III.

A.D.t8r4-

Provifo.

Taking unlawful Oaths deemed idle and disorderly, dec.

Having Arms at herein mentioned, deemed idle and difordeily.

as aforesaid, that he, (he or they were absent on his, her or their lawful and proper Occafions : Provided always, that such Juftice of the Peace authorizing and directing any Perfon or Perfons to make such Search, shall make a true and faithful Report of the Name3 of all Perfons so deputed to make such Search, and their Quality and Defcriptions, to the Special Seflions, within the Space of Seven Days after such Search.

XII. And be it further enabled, That any Perfon who shall take or enter into any Oath or Engagement declared to be unlawful, or for the taking or entering into which any Penalty or Punifhment is imposed by any Aft in force in Ireland, not being compelled thereto by inevitable Necefiity, shall be deemed an idle and disorderly Perfon: Provided always, that if any Perfon accused of taking or entering into any such unlawful Oath or Engagement, shall be tried for such Faft before such Court of Special Seflion3 of the Peace, in the Mode preferibed by this Aft, such Perfon shall not be liable to be again tried or questioned for the fame Faft or Offence before any other Jurifdiftion whatsoever ; any thing in any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithftandmg.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Juftice of the Peace, or other Perfon authorized by the Warrant of such Juftice, shall, in any such proclaimed District, find any Arms or Ammunition, or any Pike, Pikehead, Spear, Dirk or any other offensive Weapon of any Kind whatsoever, in the House or Power or Poffcflfion of any Perfon whatsoever, concealed or otherwise, after the Perfon or Perfons inhabiting the said House, or the Perfon or Perfons who shall have such Arms, Ammunition or Weapon in his or her Pofteffion, shall have been called upon to deliver up the fame, any such Perfon shall be deemed an idle and disorderly Perfon, unless such Perfon flull prove to the Satisfaftion of the Court of Special Seflions, that such Arms, Ammunition or offensive Weapons as aforesaid, were in h?% her or their House, Power or Pofsession, without his, her or thrir Knowledge, Privity or Confent.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That all Perfons found afiVm-blcd in any Proclaimed District, in any House licensed or unlicenfd, in which Malt Liquors or Spirituous Liquors are fold, not being Inmates thereof, or Traveliers, after the Hours of Nine at Night, and before Six in the Morning, shall be deemed idle and disorderly Perfons.

Tumultuouflyjf- XV. And be it further enacted, That if in any Diftrift so as iemhled deemed aforesaid proclaimed, any Perfon shall unlawfully or tumultuously uiiorderly.	affemble in the Day-time, such Perfons and every of them shall be

deemed idle and disorderly Perfons.

XVI.	And be it further enacted. That all Perfons convicted of being such idle and disorderly Perfons as aforeftid, shall be tranf-ported for Seven Years, by the Order, Judgment and Sentence of the said Court of Special Seflions of the Peace ; and such Order, Judgment and Sentence, shall be of the like Force and Effest, acd shall be forthwith carried into Execution in the fame manner, in all respects, as if the fame had been the lawful Order, Judgment and Sentence of a CcAirt of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That no proceeding of the said Court of Special Seflions, or Judgment or Conviftion had or pronounced



found in Public Houles after certain time, deemed idle and disorderly.

Idle and disorderly Perfons puniflied as herein mentioned.

Proceedings of Special oelliuns

C.i8o.

935

A.D. 1814.	54’	GEO.	III.

nounced by the said Court, shall be moved into HisMajefty’s Court of King’s Bench by any Writ of Certiorari or otherwise, or shall be examinable, quashed or reversed; but that the Judgments so had or pronounced by the said Court, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, after adjudging any Perfon to be tranf-ported as aforesaid, immediately on such Adjudication, to order and cause such Perfon so adjudged, to be transmitted out of the County, if such Court shall think proper, to any other Gaol in Ireland, there to remain until he or they shall be removed and transported pursuant to the said Adjudication.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That all Sheriffs and Gaolers in Ireland shall receive and be answerable for the safe keeping of all Perfons so transmitted, and to them respectively delivered, as if they had been so delivered for Tranfportation by Order of the Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery of the County, Town or City in which the Gaol lies.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon shall hawk or disperse any Seditious Hand Bill, Paper or Pamphlet, in such proclaimed Dircrid, such Perfon, unless he or (he shall discover to the Satisfadion of such Court of Special Sefiions of the Peace, the Perfon or Perfons from whom he or (he received, or by whom he or (he was employed to fell, hawk or disperse such Paper, shall be deemed an idle and disorderly Perfon, within the Meaning of this Ad, but shall not as such be liable to Tranfportation; but shall, by and under the Sentence of the said Court, be committed to the Gaol of such County, for a time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, or any Perfon authorized by Warrant of Two such Justices of the Peace, in any Diftrid so proclaimed, and whilst such Proclamation shall remain in force, to call upon every Perfon within such Diftrid, who shall have Regiftered Arms under the Provifions of any Ad or Ads of Parliament heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, to produce or account for or deliver up all Arms, Ammunition or offensive Weapons whatsoever, which such Perfon shall have in his, her or their PolTeflion ; and to enter any House or Place and search for Arms and Ammunition, and to take and carry away all Arms and Ammunition, whether so registered or not, which they may think necessary to take Pof-fefiion of, in order to preserve or restore the public Peace, and to dispose thereof in a Place or Places of Safety : Provided nevertheleis, that the Justices or other Perfon taking such Arms, do, upon Demand, give to the Owner or PofTeffor thereof a Receipt signifying the Number and Kinds thereof, to the end that when such Diftrid shall cease to be disturbed, such Arms and Ammunition may be restored to the Perfon from whom the fame were taken, if he or (he be entitled to receive and keep the fame, or may be otherwise disposed of as the Law directs: Provided always, that nothing in the foregoing Claufe contained, shall affect any Perfon serving in His Majefty’s Regular or Militia Foroes, or in any Yeomanry Corps, or any Privy Councillor, or Member of Parliament, or Peace Officer, in respect of any Anns that they have in their Cuftody.

3 O 4	XXII. And

not removed hy Certiorari, See,

Courts may order Perfons adjudged to be transported, to be removed t,o (Jaols out of County.

Sheriffs, See. anlvverahle for safe Cultody of Prifoncrs.

Hawking, fcc. seditious Papers, deemed idle and disorderly.

Imprifonment.

Justices, &c. imy call upon Perfons whole Arms registered whilst Proclamation is in force, and take Arms, &c. to a Place of Safety, giving Receipts to Owners.

Not to extend to

Regular or Militia Foroes, or Yeomanry Corps, &c.

v^ooQle

C. 180.

A.D. 1814.

Special Seflions not to take Cognizance of any Offence ex -cept of idle and disorderly Per-fons.

Judices to return Information to Clerks of the Peace, laid before Special Seflions.

Magiftrntes of adjacent Counties may execute Att within Counties of Cities,

Powers to Magiflrates of Counties to extend to thole a£ Counties of Town*, &c. limitation of A&ions.

General Iflue, Treble Cods.

Power to fugged on Recora that Ad ion was brought for Matter uuder Ad.

54* GEO, IIL

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That the {aid Court of Special Seflions of the Peace shall not take Cognizance of anv Offence whatsoever, save only the Offence of being idle and disorderly Perfons under this Adi: Provided always, that nothing herein shall be con-ftrued to take away from such Court such Powers of fining or ini-prifoning in a summary way for Contempts or other Mifcondust, or of removing or puniffiitig any Peace Officer or Officers of such Court, as are incident to a Court of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Juflice of the Peace who shall take any Information against any Perfon or Perfon*, for any Offence of which the Cognizance is by this A61 given to the said Court of Special Seflions of the Peace, shall immediately return every such Information to the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, who shall forthwith lay the fame before the said Court.

XXIV.	And be it further ena6led. That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Magiflrates of the adjacent Counties at huge respectively, to execute this A£l within the several Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns in Ireland, except the County of the City of Dublin ; and in like manner, that the several Magiflrates of such Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns, shall have like Power to execute this A61 in the adjacent Counties at large.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities given to, and all Duties required from Magiflrates of Counties at large, under and by this A61, shall be and are hereby given to and required from all Magiflrates of Counties of Towns, or Counties of Cities in Ireland.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Aftkm, Suit, Plaint or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Perfon or Perfons, for what he or they shall do in pursuance and Execution of this A61, the fame shall be commenced within Six Months after the Offence committed, and shall be brought or hid within the County where the Aft was committed ; and such Perfon so sued may plead the General Mae of Not Guilty, and upon I floe joined may give this Aft and the fpedai Matter in Evidence 5 and if the Plaintiff or Profecutor shall become Nonfuk, or forbear Prw-fecution, or foffer a Difcontinuance, or if a Verdift or Judgment on Demurrer shall pass against him, the Defendant shall recover Treble Cofts.

XXVII.	And Whereas Doubts may arise whether any such A6lion, Suit, Plaint or Information, was so commenced or prosecuted against the Defendant or Defendants therein* for what he or they did in pursuance or Execution of this Aft ; Be it enacted, That in all cases where there shall be a Verdift for the Defendant, if it shall appear to the Judge or Court before whom the {aid Caufe shall have been tried, that the fame was prosecuted for any Ad done in pursuance or Execution of this Aft, such Judge or Court shall certify the fame on the Record, and thereupon loch Treble Cofts shall be adjudged as aforefrid; and if the Plaintiff or Profecutor shall become Nonfuit, or forbear Profecution, or differ a Difcontinuance, or if Judgment shall pass against him o* Demurrer, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, or any of them, to luggeff on the Record that such Aftion, Suit, Plant or Information, was brought against such Defendant or Defendants for

what



A.D. 1814.

54* GEO. III.

C. 180.

937

what he or they did in pursuance or Execution of this Aft, which Suggeftion may be traversed by the Plaintiff, if he shall think proper so to do, and Iffue being joined thereupon, the fame shall be tried at Nif) Prius, according to the usual Courfe of such Court on 1 Hues joined therein ; and if such Suggellion shall not be traversed, or, being traversed, the Iffue thereon shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, he or they shall thereupon be entitled to his or their Treble Cofts as aforesaid, together with Treble Cofts of the Treble Cods, said Suggeftion and of the Proceedings thereon (if any), and if such Iffue shall be found for the said Plaintiff, he shall be entitled to the Cofts of the said Suggestion, and the Proceedings thereon ; and the fame shall be fet off against the Cofts to be adjudged to the Defendant or Defendants making such Suggeftion on such Aftion, Plaint or Information, and the Judgment shall be for the Balance of the said Cofts, if any.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when Where Verdict

a Verdift shall be given for the Plaintiff, in any Aftion to be brought for Plaintiff, if against any Juftice of the Peace, Peace Officer, or other Perfon, for Judge certifies taking or imprisoning, or detaining any Perfon, or for seizing Arms ^^aWe Caufe or entering Houfes under Colour of any Authority given by this for do;ng Aft, and it shall appear	to the Judge or Judges before whom	the	6d. Damages,

fame shall be tried, that there was a probable Caufe	for doing	the	and no Cofts.

Aft complained of in such Aftion, and the Judge or Court fhall

certify the fame on Record, then and in that case the Plaintiff * shall not be entitled to more than Six pence Damages, nor to any Cofts of Suit: Provided also, that where a Verdift shall be given where Aft for the Plaintiff in any such Aftion as aforesaid, and the Judge or maliciously com-Court before whom the	Caufe shall be tried, fhall	certify on	the	nutted.

Record, that the Injury	for which such Aftion is	brought,	was	^reWe Coftfc

wilfully and maliciously committed, the Plaintiff shall be entitled to Treble Cofts of Suit.

XXIX.	Aud be it further enacted. That it shall and may be Lord Lieutenant lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Gover- may revoke nors of Ireland for the time being, by a new Proclamation, to be Proclamation*, made by and with the Advice of the Privy Council in Ireland, to

revoke any Proclamation issued in pursuance of this Aft, as to the whole or any Part of the Diftrift thereby proclaimed; which new Proclamation shall be forthwith transmitted by the Clerk of the Privy Council to the Clerk of the Peace of such County, who shall notify the fame to the said Court of Seflions of the Peace forthwith, if the laid Court shall be actually fitting when he shall receive the fame, aod if not, then at the next Sitting of such Court, and such Court shall thereupon cause the fame to be read in open Court; and on such new Proclamation being so read, the original Proclamation mentioned therein, shall forthwith (land and be revoked, so far as the said new Proclamation shall purport to revoke the fame; and if no Part of such County shall then remain proclaimed, such Special Seflions of the Peace shall forthwith cease and determine.

XXX.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful i,or(j Lieute-for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of nant may order Ireland for the time being, to order such Sum or Sums of Money Commentation to as lie or they shall think proper, to be advanced out of the Con- Serjeant *l Liw folidated Fund, to every such Seijeant at Law, Counfel learned so 01 rou «• the Law or Afliftant Barrifter, or Perfon doing the Duty of fuch

Afliftaat





938

Grand Juries may present for Expences incurred in Execution of At\.

A& not to lessen Powers of Magistrates, &c. under c. 131. ante.

C. 180.	54°. GEO. III.	A.D.1814*

Affiftant Barrifter, who ffiall preside or be present in such Court of Special Sellions of the Peace aforesaid, as a Compenfation for such his Time and Trouble.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of every such County in which such Special Sellions shall be held, at the next ensuing Afsizes, and for the Grand Juries at the next Prefenting Terms for the County and County of the City of Dublin, in case such Special Scflions of the Peace shall be held therein respectively, and they are refpelively hereby reauired, to present a Sum to be raised off the County, if the whole thereof shall be so proclaimed 5 and if not, then off such Part thereof as ftiall be so proclaimed, for the Purpofes following; that is to fay, in the fir ft Place to repay to the said Confolidated Fund the said Sum or Sums so advanced to any such Serjeant at Law, Counfel learned in the Law, or Affiftant Barrifter, or Perfon doing his Duty as aforesaid ; and in the next Place to pay to the Afting Clerk of the Peace of such County, after the Rate of One Guinea for each Day he shall be employed in attending any such Special Seffions of the Peace, which he shall personally attend ; and in the next Place, such Sum as may be necefiary to pay the Expences of fending Prifoners to Gaol under the Provifions of this Aft, not exceeding the Sum of Three pence per Mile for each Constable and Affiftant, which the Perfon or Perfons who shall sign the Warrant of Commitment /hall certify to have been ordered by him or them to go with such Prisoner: and lastly, all such Sums as may be reauifite to defray the Expences necefiarily incurred in the Execution of this Ad, and the (aid Sums, shall be so raised and paid accordingly; and the Amount of the (aid Sum so advanced out of the Confolidated Fund, shall, when raised be paid by the Treasurer of such County to the Colleftor of Excife for the Diftrift 5 and no other Prefentment shall be hated by the Judge or Court at such Affizes or Prefenting Term respectively, until such Prefentment shall first have been made by the said Grand Jury thereat.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, at any time to take away or abridge or lessen the Powers given to any Magifbrate or Chief Constable or other Constable, under or by virtue 0? any Ad patted or to be passed in this present Seffion of Parliament, to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing superintending Magistrates and additional Conftables in Counties, in certain cases; or to alter or affect any Proclamation or other Proceedings to be had under any such Act in any County, which (hail at any time be proclaimed under the Provifions of this present Ad; but that Proclamations and other Proceedings may be had in any County in Ireland, under the Provifions of the laid recited Ad, distinct from or concurrently with the Proclamations and Proceedings under this Aft, as may from time to time be thought expedient by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and that the Magistrates, Chief Conftables and other Constables, to be appointed under any foefc Aft, may aft in the Execution of such Aft in any County to be proclaimed under this Aft; any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding, and as if this Aft had net been had or made.

XXXIII. And



C.i8o, 181.

A.D.1814.

54 GEO.III.

939

XXXIII. And be it enabled, That this A£l shall take Effedt, Commencement and be in Force, from and after the paflmg thereof, and shall con- atld Contimi-tinuc in force for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the allce °* then next Sefiion of Parliament.

CAP. CLXXXI.

An A& to render more easy and effectual Redrcfs for Affaults in Ireland.	[30th	July	1814.]

*	TT7^ PEREAS it would conduce greatly t0 the Maintenance of

*	V \ Peace and good Order in Ireland, if the several Modes of

*	obtaining Redrefs tor AfTaults were more easy and less expensive

*	to the Profecutors on Indictments, and to the Plaintiffs in Actions,

*	for such Injuries ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflfemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from In all cases ?n and after the pafiing of this Aft, in all cases in which, as the Law which Action now Hands, an Adlion may be brought in any of His Majefty’s	Su“

Superior Courts in Dublin, for any Alfault, whether with Battery footfaults'* and Wounding, or either of them, or not, if the Plaintiff or Plain- where Damages tiffs shall think proper to lay the Damages at the Sum of Five laid at Five Guineas or any less Sum, then and in every such case it shall and may Guinreas or un" be lawful to and for such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to proceed for the

Recovery of such Damages by Civil Bill before the Afliftant Bar- Qf Damages,by*

riller at the Quarter Seflions for the County where the Fadt shall be Civil Bill at*

committed, or other Judge or Court having Jurifdidtion to try Quarter Seflions.

Adtions by Civil Bill, and within whose Jurifdidlion the Fad! (hall

have been committed, save and except Manor Courts; and the

Judge of such Court shall have full Power to hold Plea thereof, and

the fame shall and may be proceeded on in like manner, in all re-

fpedfs, and the like Decree or Judgment and Execution shall and

may be had thereon, and also the like Benefit of Appeal, and of

Proceedings, Judgment and Execution thereon, as in case of any

other Demand to the fame Amount may now by Law be had or

used in such Courts.

II.	And be it enacted, That the Judgment or Decree on such Decree 00 Cavil Civil Bill or Appeal shall and maybe pleaded or otherwise retied Bill pleaded in on as a Bar to any other Proceedings for or by reason of such b*1 °f ot.her Affault, or any Confequence arising therefrom, in the fame manner,

in all respects, as a Judgment to the fame Effedt in any of His Majcfty’s fa;d Superior Courts could or might be pleaded or relied on, and no further.

III.	And be it enacted, That whenever any Perfon or Perfons In case of Con-(hall be convicted in Ireland on any Indidlment for an Alfault, vi&ion for Af-vvhether with or without Battery and Wounding, or either of them, f*uh»

the Judge or Court before whom or in which such Convidtion Audi be ^Jjudgment,ll°n had, over and above and in Addition to the Judgment which he or adapted to Of-they shall think properly adapted to such Offence, shall, if such fence, adjudge Judge or Court shall in his or their Difcretion think fit so to do, Cofts.

.order and adjudge that the Amount of the Cods and Expences of the Profecution, and such Allowance for the Lofs of time of the Perfon in attending thereon, as shall be deemed reasonable to be afeertained by Affidavit, or by such Enquiry or Examination as the said Judge

or





94©

C. 181, 182.

Direction* as to adjudging and levying Cofts,

& c.

WantofDif trefson which to levy Cofts, Icr. levied off Barony.

Profecutor competent Witnefc.

41 O. 3. (U.K.) e. 103. continued.

54* GEO. III.	A.	0.1814.

or Court shall think fit, be paid by the Defendant or Defendants to the Profecutor or Profecutors; and such Judge or Court shall in such case, also order and adjudge, that such Defendant or Defendants be imprisoned for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Sum be sooner paid, over and above and independent of such Imprifonment (if any) as such Court or Judge shall otherwise think proper to award.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Sum so to be ordered and adjudged for Cofts, Expences and Lofs of time, fhalI not in any case exceed the Amount of the actual and necessary Ex-pences of such Profecution, and a moderate Compenfation for the Lofs of time of the Profecutor, having reference to all the circum-fiances of the Profecution; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Judge of such Court, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order and direct that such Sum shall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Defendant, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner 5 and in case such Sum shall be levied by such Diftrefs and Sale of such Goods and Chattels of such Defendant, such Defendant shall in such case be discharged from any addi-tional Imprifonment to which he shall have been sentenced until the Sum should be paid.

V.	Provided also, and be it enabled, That where it shall appear that any such Defendant has not any Goods or Chattels on which such Sum can be levied for Cofts and Expences as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at the Aflizes at which such Thai shall be had, to make a Prefentment for levying such Sum so ordered and adjudged to be paid from off the Barony or Parifh in which any such Affault shall have been committed, and the fame shall be levied accordingly, in like manner as other Sums presented by any Grand Jury, and shall be paid to the Profecutor by the Treasurer of the County within which such Barony or Parifh shall be situate; and the Defendant or Defendants shall in such case undergo and fuJfer the full term of Imprifonment to which such Defendant or Defendants shall have been sentenced for Nonpayment of such Cofts and Expences.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prevent, or be in any wife construed to prevent, any such Profecutor from being a competent Witnefs on the Trial of any such Indiftment.

CAP. CLXXXIL An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Aft for regulating the Trade to the Ifle of Malta: and to revive and continue for the fame Period, several Afts relating to the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope ; and to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain.	[30th July 1814.}

€ "t T7 HE RE AS the Law hereinafter mentioned is near expiring • V V and fit to be continued ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Idoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coo-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prt-fent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That an Aft made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

intituled





941

intituled An A3 to empower His Majesty to regulate the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta, until the Jtgning of a Definitive Treaty of Peace* and from thence until Sin Weeks after the next Meeting of Parliament ; and to declare the Isle of Malta to he part of Europe ; which, by Two Adis of the Forty third and Forty fourtn	^	Ct 1U

Years of His present Majefty’s Reign, was continued until Six § 3.

Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall 44 G* 3- c*4* be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth § 3«]

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fix teen.

•II. And Whereas the Laws hereinafter mentioned have expired*

• and it is expedient that the fame should be revived and continued

Be it therefore enacted, That an Adi made in the Forty ninth Year G

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to authorize revved and17'

His Majesty during the present War to make Regulations refpc3ing continued.

the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope, {hall

from and after the Expiration of the said Adi be revived, and the fame

is hereby revived, and shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

III.	And be it enacted. That an Adi made in the Forty third 43 g.3. c. 134. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for the revived and Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with refpe3 to the bringing and land- continued. eng certain Prize Goods in Great Britain during Hojlilities, shall from and after the Expiration of the said Adi be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

CAP. CLXXXIlI.

An Adi to impose a Countervailing Duty of Excife on Bleaching Powder imported from Ireland.	[30th July 1814.3

WHEREAS by an Adi palled in the Forty third Year of 43 0.3. c.69. the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, Sch. C.

« intituled An A3 to repeal the Duties of Excife payable in Great « Britain; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and another 47 0.3. SeflT.*. % Adi, made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His said c.30. $1.

« present Majesty, certain Allowances are made for Salt, used, em-« ploved, spent and consumed by Bleachers of Linen or Cotton.in « England and Scotland refpediively in the making of Oxygenated < Muriatic Acid for the foie Purpofe of Bleaching Linen or Cotton;

€ and by another Adi made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign 5a G. 3. 0.107. • of His said present Majesty, an Allowance or Drawback of the • Duties payable on Salt is made to Bleachers of Cotton Yarn or * Twist, for such Salt as is used, emploved, spent and consumed by € them in making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid for the Purpofe of • being made use of in the Bleaching of Linen or Cotton Yarn or * Twift s And Whereas in Ireland* an Allowance or Drawback of • the Duties payable on Salt is made to Makers or Manufadiurers of • Oxygenated Muriatic Acid (whether such Makers or Manufac-• turers are Bleachers of Linen or Cotton, or of Linen or Cotton • Yarn or Twist, or not), for such Salt as is used, emploved, spent • or consumed by them in making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, and • great Quantities of a certain Preparation of Muriatic Acid, called • Bleaching Powder, made and prepared from Salt, for which an 4 Allowance or Drawback of the Duties payable thereon has been

* made





Countervailing Duty on Blenching Powder imported from Ireland into England sod Scotland.

Paid by Importer*.

Duties under Commidioners pf Excife.

Entry made

with Collector of Excife within 21 Days after Arrival of Veflel importing Bleaching Powder.

Negfe&lng to make Entry.

Forfeited.

C.183.	540	GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

4 made in Ireland, to such Makers or Manufafturers of the Oxyge-

*	nated Muriatic Acid from whence such Bleaching Powder has

*	been made and prepared, have been imported into Great Britain, 4 to the manifest Injury of the Manufacture of Oxygenated Muriatic 4 Acid in Great Britain, and to countervail the Duty paid for the

*	Salt made use of in Great Britain by the Makers or Manufacturers 4 of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, and not being Bleachers of Linen

*	or Cotton, or of Linen or Cotton Yarn or Twist, it is expedient to 1 impose the Duty hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice acd Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Firlt Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for every Hundred Weight of Bleaching Powder made in Ireland, and imported from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, a Countervailing Duty of One Pound Five Shillings; and for every Hundred Weight of"*Bleaching Powder made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Scotland, a Countervailing Duty of Nine Shillings and Six pence, and so in Proportion, as the case may require, for any greater or less Quantity of such Bleaching Powder imported into England or Scotland respectively; and which said Duties respectively shall be paid by the Importers of such Bleaching Powder before the Landing thereof.

II.	And be it further enacted, That such of the Countervailing Duties by this Aft imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great firi-tain called England shall be under the Management of the Comimf-fioners of Excife in England for the time being ; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland shall be under the Management of the Com-miflioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being; and shall be raised, levied, collected and paid under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Provisions by any Aft or Adi of Parliament in force relating to the Payment of the Countervailing Duties of Excife for or in respect of any Goods or Commodities made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Confignee or Confignees of any Bleaching Powder made or manufactured in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain shall, within Twenty one Days next after the Arrival of the Ship or Veffel in which any such Bleaching Powder shall be so imported, within the Port in that Part of the United Kingdom into which such Bleaching Powder shall be imported, make due Entry with the Colleftor of Excife of the said Port of al such Bleaching Powder on board such Ship or Veffel belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Confignee or Confignees, and shall then, or before, satisfy and pay the Import Duties of Excife by this Aft imposed for or in reipeft of luck Bleaching Powder, and land the lame; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Confignee or Confignees flafi neglect or refuse to make such Entiy, or to pay such Duties, or to land such Bleadiing Powder within such Twenty one Days, all such Bleaching Powder shall be forfeited, together with the Calks and

Packago



943

A.D.1814.

540 GEO. III.

C» 183*

not conveyed from Scotland to England.

Packages containing the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That in all Enties so to be made Entrie* tofpe-

of any Bleaching Powder made or manufactured in Ireland, and im- c£y ported from thence into Great Britain, the Number of Calks and	*

other Packages containing such Bleaching Powder, with the particular Numbers and Marks of each of them on board of each refpec-

tive Ship or VefTel in which the fame shall be so imported shall be inserted, on Pain, for every NegleCt or Refufal thereof, to forfeit all Penalty, such Bleaching Powder, with tne Calk or other Package wherein the fame shall be contained, and the fame shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the Duties carried Duties by this ACt imposed (the necessary Charges of raffing and Confoiidated accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid un '

into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejlminjlcr> and shall be carried to and made Part of the Confoiidated Fund of Great Britain.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That no Bleaching Powder made Irilh Bleaching or manufactured in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence Powder into Scotland, shall be removed or carried from thence into that nnt crmyt Part of Great Britain called England, on Pain of Forfeiture thereof, together with the Calk or other Package containing the fame 5 and aUo the VefTel, Boat, Cart, Carriage and all Cattle used in such Removal or Carriage thereof.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers, or Maken of Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid in Oxygenated Great Britain shall fell, deliver or otherwise dispose of, or cause, difoSfetf procure, permit or suffer to be fold, delivered or otherwise disposed Refid°uum^c. of to any Chymist, or to any Maker or Makers of Glauber Salt, or of any Material to any Maker or Makers of Soap, or to any Perfon or Perfona what- ufe<i in Manu-foever for the Ufe of or in Trull for any such Chymift or Maker or fa&ure thereof Makers of Glauber Salt, or Maker or Makers of Soap, the Whole

or any Part of the Refiduum, Caput mortuum, Refufe or Remains of any Salt or other Material or Materials used or employed in the Making, Manufacture or Procurement of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or any Preparation or Mixture containing any such Salt or Refiduum, Caput mortuum, Refufe or Remains, or any Part thereof; and if apy Maker or Makers, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid in Great Britain shall fell, deliver or other-wife dispose of, to any Chymist, or to any Maker or Makers of Glauber Salt, or to any Maker or Makers of Soap, or to any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever for the Ufe of or in Truft for any such Chymift or Maker or Makers of Glauber Salt, or Maker or Makers of Soap, the Whole or any Part of the Refiduum, Caput mortuum, Refufe or Remains of any Salt, or other Material or Materials used or employed in the Making, Manufacture or Procurement of Oxygenated Muriatic Aid, or any Preparation or Mixture containing any such Salt or Refiduum, Caput mortuum, Refufe or Remains; then and in each and every such case the Maker or Makers, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hun- Ptniky. dred Pounds.

VIII, And





944

A.D. i8i4*

Who deemed Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Powers of 12 Car. 2. c. 24. *c. extended to A a.

His Majefly

may appoint Commidioners for examining

C/i83> 184.	54OGEO.IIL

VIII. .And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers, and Manufacturer or Manufacturers in Great Britain of Muriate of Lime, or any other Chymical Preparation, the elTen-tial or operative Ingredient of which is Muriatic Acid, shall be deemed and takeu to be a Maker or Makers, and Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid within the Meaning of tins Ad.

IX* And be it further enacted. That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Ad shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such ways, means or methods, as any Fiae, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majelly’s Courts of Record at Wef-msnfier, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the fame*

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Diredions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by an Ad made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King C bar lee the Second, intituled An AS for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, amd Tenures ia Capite and by Knights Service and Purveyance* amdforfettling a Revenue upon Bis Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law or Lavs now in force relating to His Majeity’s Revenue of Excife, arc pro* 1 vided or established for managing, raising, levying, coUeding’, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby impoied, or any of them, shall be practised, used and put in Execution in and for the managing, railing, levying, collect iog, mitigating, recovering and paying the Duties of Excife by this Ad impoied, tad for preventing, deteding and puniihing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and efiedually to all Inteatt and Purpofes as if all and every the (aid Powers, Rules, Diredions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and reloaded in this prrirct Ad.

CAP. CLXXXIV.

An Ad for the effectual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the {(lands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope, for Five Years*

[30th July 1814.]

« TY7HEREAS it is expedient that Provifion should be made 4 W for a speedy and effectual Examination and Audit in Groat 4 Britain of the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the 4 Colonial Revenues in the Colonies or Settlements of Ceylon* Mm-4 ritiutf Malta and Trinidad, and the Caps of Good Hope f Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majessy, by and vrid the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, mi Commons, in this present Parliament aiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hail be lawful for Hit Maje&y iron time to time to appoint Three Commidioners, by Letters Pud: under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for examining the Publx

Acooi^Ui

v^,ooQle

A.D. 1814.	54° GEO. III.	C.	184.	94J

Accounts of all Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and other Public Accounts of Officers and Servants, and of all other Perfons whatever, who have Potions con-been or shall or may be concerned in the Receipt or Expenditure of cen|j,:(1‘n the Colonial Revenues in the said Colonies of Ceylon, Mauritius, eoloniafRe-Malta, Triridad and the Cape of Good Hope, or in the Receipt or venues of Expenditure of any Sums granted by the Parliament of Great Bri± Cevloo, &c. tain, in Aid of those Revenues respectively, and aifo for examining the Public Accounts of all Governors, Lieutenant Governors and other Public Officers and Servants, and of all other Perfons whatever who have been or shall or may be concerned the Receipt or Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues of any other Colonies or Dominions fuhjeft to The Crown of Great Britain, or in the Receipt or Expenditure of any Sums granted by the Parliament of Great Britain, in Aid of those Revenues, which Accounts the Lords Commifiioners of H is Majeily’s Treasury may deem it expedient to refer to the Com-milfionvrs for Examination; and by the said Letters Patent, to grant to the said Commifiioners such Salaries as His Majesty may Salaries, think fit, not exceeding for the Perfon first named in the laid Com-mifiion, the annual Sum of One thousand Pounds, and for such of the other Commifiioners, the annual Sum of Eight hundred Pounds ; such Salaries respectively to be payable out of the Revenues, and in the manner hereinafter directed.	v

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Commifiioners of His Officers and Majefly’s Treasury of Great Britain, or any Three or more of them, C.lerkj3J^>int-may appoint such Secretary or Secretaries, Officers and Clerks, and "madeov,f-other Perfons, to aid and assist the Commifiioners to be appointed as them, aforesaid under this Ad, as may from time to time be necessary ; and

may allow them such Salaries as shall be proper ; and also such rea-fonable Sums for the incidental Charges and Expences of their Office, as the said Commifiioners of His Majelty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, may think fit; such Salaries, Charges and Ex* pences respectively to be paid out of the Revenues, and in the manner hereinafter directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the respective Salaries of How Salaries the said Commifiioners, and of their Secretary, Officers and Clerks, paid.

and the incidental Charges and Expences of their Office, shall be a Charge upon, and shall be. borne and defrayed by and out of the re-fpedlive Revenues of the said Colonies of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta,

’Trinidad and the Cape of Good Hope> in fucli Proportions, and shall be paid and remitted thereon in such manner as the laid Coramiflioners of His Majefty’g Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall fronl time to time direct.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That the said Commifiioners to To take Oath be appointed under this Ad shall, before they shall enter upon the before Chan-Execution of the Power veiled in them by this Ad, take an Oath c^J°r before the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Great Britain, which the c C<lucr* said Chancellor of the Exchequer is hereby authorized and required

to adminiiler; the Tenor whereof shall be as folioweth 5 that is to fay,

*	T A. B. do fwear, that, according to the bell of my Skill and Oath.

*	Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the

4 several Powers and Trulls veiled in me by virtue of an Ad, [here 4 insert the Title of the	%

54 Gjsoi III.	3	P	And

CjOOQie

A.D. 1814.

9A6

Commi(fioner» to administer Oath to Officers, &e.

Oath.

When Commif-fioners to commence Enquiry.

Commiflioners fubjod to Re-gitldt ons as Commitlioners of Public Accounts under %S 0.3. c,5i.

39 G.3. c.83.

39 * 40 G. 3.

c.54.

45 G.3.C. 55.

46 G.3. c. M1*

47 G. 3. SefT. %• e-39*

Provifa.

C. 184.	54*	GEO.	III.

And the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall and they are hereby authorized to administer to every of the Officers and Clerks, wno shall be appointed to ad under them as before diredcd, and such Officers and Clerks are required, before they enter upon the Execution of their Duties under this Ad, to take the following Oath:

‘ T / 5. do swear, That, according to the bed of my Abilities, * I will faithfully execute the Duties of my Office, and be obe-< dient to the Orders I may receive from my lawful Superiors.*

V.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners fbaT take up and commence the Examination of the several Accounts of the said respective Coionics, from such Period as the Commissioners of Kis Majcfty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall by Warrant under their Hands direct or appoint,

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners to b? appointed under the Authority of this Ad, or any Two or more of them, shall be and they are hereby invelled with, and shall have, uic and exercise, all the Powers and Authorities as to the Examination of all Accounts submitted to their Inveftigation, and as to all Accountants, Sub Accountants, and other Perfons concerned in fuck Accounts, and as to all Matters and Things in any wife relatirg thereto, or the Examination thereof, or to Accountants, Sub Accountants, or other Perfons concerned therein, as the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts are inveiled with, or row* hsv?, use or exercise, or are subject and liable to, under an Ad pziTcd in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present intituled An At1 for better examining and auditing the Public Ac::±\ts of this Kingdom ; and another Ad palled in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for trreferring to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Account:^ tb; Duties now performed in the Offices of the Auditors of the J.rJ Revenue ; andfor directing the Mode of atteffing the Accounts cf thi Paymaffer General of His Majeffy’s Forces ; and another Ad pafkd in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB for more effeBually charging Public Ac-count ants with Payment of Intereff ; and for allowing Inter iff ft them in certain Cafes ; and for compelling the Payment of Balzzcu due from them ; and another Ad palled in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB to amend an Az made in the Twenty fifth Tear of His present Majeffyy for the better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom ; esi for enabling the Commissioners, in certain cases, to allow of Voucher* although not ffamped according to Law ; and another Ad paffird b the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB for. making more effeBual Proviffon for the more speedy arj regular Examination and Audit of the Public Accounts cf this dom; and another Ad puffed in the Forty seventh Year cf Ite present Majesty, intituled An AB for more effeBually charging Ptth~ Accountants with Inter eff upon Balances ; and for other Purptffi relating to the passing of Public Accounts : in so far at such Powers and Authorities, Controul, Regulations and Dirc&ions, are or tmt be applicable to the Accounts to be examined under the Proviftcss of this Ad : Provided always,'that nothing in this Ad contaircd shall authorize such Conuffiffionen appointed by virtue thereof t*

preparr

v^,ooQle

A.D.1814.

C.184.

94 7

54 GEO. IIL

prepare or present for Declaration any Account of any Accountant*

Sub Accountant, or Perfon fet Insuper, or other Perfon which shall have been examined by them, and which shall have been certified by them in the manner directed by this Aft.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That, for the better Execution of Meeting of -this present Aft, the Commiflioners to be appointed in purfuance

hereof, or any Two or more of them, shall be and they are hereby authorized to meet and fit from time to time in such Place or Places within this Kingdom as shall be appointed by the Lords Commif-fioners of His Majcfty’s Treasury, and to fend their Precept or Precepts under their Hands and Seals, for any Perfon or Perfons whom-soever, and for such Books, Papers, Writings or Records, relating to any of the Matters to be enquired into, examined and investigated as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Aft, as shall be necessary for carrying into Execution all the Purpofes of this Aft; all which Perfons are hereby required and directed punctually to attend at such Time and Times, Place and Places, as shall be appointed by such Precept or Precepts 5 and to perform, fulfil and obey all such Orders and Directions as the said Commillioners shall make and give, in Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Aft given to them.

VIII.	And, for the rendering more effectual all such Examine Commiflioners tions as are intended to be had under this Aft, be it enacted, That oa^*mme °* it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners, and other Perfons authorized to execute this Aft, and they and each of them are and is

hereby authorized and required to examine upon Oath, or Affirmation of Perfons being Quakers (which Oath or Affirmation they or any One of them are and is hereby authorized to adminiftcr) all Perfons whom they shall find occasion to call before them to be examined, touching all Matters and Things necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Aft.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Statement of Commiflioners to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, and they are pC^e^,*nd hereby required from time to time, when and as soon as the Exami- t|^rgon tran£ nation of any Account shall have been completed by them, to make nutted to Trei-up and transmit a Statement thereof to the Commiflioners of His fury. Majelly’s Treasury for the time being ; specifying all the Details

forming the Charge and Difcharge of such Accounts, and specifying all Sums disallowed by them therein, and also all Sums which in their Opinion ought to be fet Infuper in such Account, upon any Perfon concerned therein ; and if the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall approve of the said Statement of such Account, it shall be lawful for them to submit to IT is Majelty, his Heirs and Succeflors, a Warrant for the Royal Sign Manual, allowing the said Accounts, and discharging the Accountant from rendering any further Account, in respect of any Sums of Money comprised therein, upon Payment of any Balance due ; unless it shall appear to the said Commiflioners of His Majefty's 'Preafury, or any Three or more of them, necessary or expedient, in order to recover or efTeftually secure any Balance due on such Account, that the fame should be declared before His Majefly^

<Jhancellor of the Exchequer according to the Courfe of the Exchequer ; in which case the said Commiflioners of the Treasury shall transmit the said Statement, together with their Warrant, to the Comiiiillionertt for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain, to

3 P *

prepare





A.D.iSi4*

94*

0* 184.

540 GEO. III.

Attendance of

\V undies 2nd Production of Accounts.

Perfons negleft-inc to attend, or produce Accounts, or reft'ft ng to be Kvurn, or to

prepare the fame for Declaration; who are hereby authorized to make up and prepare for Declaration, such Accounts in Conformity to such Statements or Warrants, without any further Examination or Inveftigation of such Accounts, or any Vouchers relating thereto, unlefa any further Examination and Inveftigation of such Accounts, or of any Part thereof, or of any Vouchers relating thereto, shall appear to them to be necessary ; in which case they shall report their Opinion thereon to the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, and proceed in such Examination and Inveftigation ; and the laid Commiflioners for auditing the Public Accounts are hereby authorised and directed to cause all Sums which shall be fpecilied as Su:r$ which ought to be fet Infuper in any such Statement as aforesaid and which shall appear to them to be proper to be fet Infuper * to be Jo fet Infuper on the several Perfons therein mentioned, or in tbr Warrants accompanying the fame ; unless upon such further Exam> nation as aforesaid, it shall not appear to them to be proper that such Sums {hould be so fet Infuper ; and to do all other A6ls, Matters and Things, for the Declaration of such Accounts, and for putting jn Charge as Public Accountants or Sub Accountants, all Ter-ions liable to be put in Charge upon such Accounts, in order to the securing and recovering all Sums of Money due on the fame, in like manner as if the said Accounts had been examined, and Statements thereof made by the said Commiflioners for Auditing the Public Accounts.

X.	And be it further enabled. That it shall be lawful for the hid Commiflioners to be appointed under this Adi, and they are hereby required, whenever it shall appear to them that any Pei Ton or perions ought to account for any Money that may have passed through his or their Hands forthwith to transmit to the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, the Name or Names of every such Perfon or Perfons, together with the Ground and Reafons for their Opinion, that it would be fit and proper that such Perfon or Perfons {hould be made Public Accountants; and if the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury {hould agree thereto, they are hereby required D ifiiie their Warrant or Warrants, directing the said Commifliouer; to be appointed under this A61, or the Commiflioners for Auditing* the Public Accounts of Great Britain, to call upon and require ihcL Perfon or Perfons to deliver in their Accounts regularly attested, within a reasonable time, to be limited by such Commiflioners reiptc-tively; and such Perfon or Perfons shall be compelled so to deiW in their Accounts, in like manner as if he or they had been re turned Infuper in any Account declared before His Majefty’s Chancellor of the Exchequer ; and the said Commiflioners appointed by virtue of this A61 are also hereby directed to proceed in the Examination of such Accounts, and to transmit the Statements thereof to the Coe-miflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury for the Purpofe of having the fame either allowed by His Majefty’s Sign Manual Warrant, or prepared for Declaration, in the manner hereinbefore directed wkb respect to other Accounts.

XI.	And be it further ena6lcd, That if any Perfon of Perfe summoned to appear under the Powers of this A61 shall wilfufj neglect or refute to appear in obedience to such Summons or Pr-cept, or to bring or produce any such Accounts, Books, Papers Writings or Records as .aforesaid, that shall be in his, her or tbe*

Pul-





C. 184;

949

A.D. 1814.	54*	GEO.	III.

PofTeffion, Cuftody or Power, and which he, (he or they shall have anfwrerOuef-

been required by such Summons or Precept to produce, or shall refuse tious,committed

to be sworn, or, being Quakers, shall refuse to aflirm, or being

sworn, or being Quakers, having affirmed, shall refuse to answer any

lawful Queition on Oath or Affirmation, touching or concerning any

of the Matters aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful

for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, in this Kingdom,

and they arc hereby authorized and empowered to make and iflfue

their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, for taking

and apprehending any such Perfon or Perfons, and committing him,

her or them to such Prifon as they shall think fit, there to remair\

without Bail or Mainprize, until he, ffic or they shall submit to be

examined, touching or concerning all such Matters and Things ne-

ceffary for the Execution of the Powers given by this Adi, or to

make such Productions as aforesaid, as the case may be.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That all Accountants, Sub Ac- Accountants un-countants, and other Perfons concerned in any Accounts, or in any Proceedings whatever, that shall be enquired into or examined under 0 *°rmer ** this Aft, shall and they are hereby required to demean themselves in

such manner, in all Refpcfts, and to do all such Matters and Things as by the said recited Adts of the Twenty fifth and Forty sixth X5G*3*c-5** Years aforesaid arc directed and required in the case of Perfons exa- ^ c* ,41* mined before the Commissioners appointed under the said recited Adts, and shall be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, for any Breach, Nonperformance, Failure or Ncgledt thereof, as by virtue of the said recited Adts they would have been subject and liable to, in case such Accounts had been under the Examination of the Commissioners appointed under the said recited Adis.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Perfon or Perjury. Perfons in the Courfe of their Examination upon Oath or, being Quakers, upon Affirmation before any such Commissioners appointed under this Adi, or any Two of them as aforesaid, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Perfon or Perfons shall be and is

and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law now in being, Perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury arc subject and liable to.

XIV.	And be it further enacted and declared, That no Commif- Com mi flioners fioner to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, who shall receive any not eligible to Salary for the Execution of his Duty as such Commissioner, shall, ^ntParl,a~ during his Continuance in such Office, be capable of being elected or

of fitting as a Member of the House of Commons.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Aftion Limitation of shall be brought against any of the said Commissioners, or any other A^lous«

Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatfoever

done or committed under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Aft, unless such Aftion shall be brought within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing of such Matter or Thing : Provided also that if any Aftion or Suit shall be hereafter commenced or prosecuted again ft an j Perfon or Perfons, for any Matter or Thing done under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Aft, such Perfon or Perfons may plead the General I (Tue, and give this Aft and General Iflue, the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited or suffer Difcontinuance, or forbear further Profecution, pr if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, fuch

3 P 3	Defendant





95 0

C. 184,185.

54* GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

Treble Cofts. Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Cofls, for which he, she or they shall have the like remedy as where Cods by Law are given to Defendants.

Continuance of XVI. And be it further enabled, That this A 61 shall continue ia Force for Five Years and no longer.

CAP. CLXXXV.

An A£b to allow a Bounty on the Exportation from Great Britain of Britijh-made Cordage.	[30th	July 1014-]

? TT J HERE AS it is expedient to allow a Bounty on the Ex-* Y\ portation from Great Britain of j?r/7//o-made Cordage;’ Be it therefore ena&cd by The King’s Mod Excellent Majrdv, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and bv the Bounty paid on Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, Exportation of there shall he paid ar.d allowed for and upon every Hundred Weight, Suj e Cor age. contajnjllg Que hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, of Supie Cordage wrought up and manufa6lured in Great Britain, fron Foreign rough Hemp legally imported into Great Brit air., (except from Hemp, the Growth or Produdtien of the Briiifb Colon;-$ or Plantations in America, of the East Indies?or China, or imported by the East India Company), which shall be really and truly exported out of Great Britain by way of Merchandize, to Parts bcyor.d the Seas (except to Ireland, the ljle of Man> and the I Hands of Fan 01f Ferro) the Allowances or Bounties deferibed and fet forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A), which said Allowances cr Bounties shall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons so exporting the lame by the Colledlor of the Cuitoms of the Port from whence the f?rw shall be exported, on a Debenture to be made out by the Collector according to the Entry of the Goods and the Shipping thereof, certified by the proper Officer of the Cufloms at the Port of Exportation ; provided that before any fucli Bounties or Allowances are pa d the Exporter of fucli Cordage shall make Oath on the Debenture before the Collcdor or Comptroller of the Port (which Oath they are rcfpcctively hereby authorized and required to adminifter), that the said Cordage is wrought up and manufactured in Great Brhxty from Foreign rough Hemp, not the Growth or Production of the Briiijh Colonies or Plantations in America, or of the East Indie: cr China, nor imported by the East India Company, and that the Dutio due on the Importation thereof were duly paid, and that the L.d Cordage is really and truly intended to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas as Merchandize, and not for the Ufe of the Ship during her then Voyage, or any future Voyage, and not relanded or intended to Bond given for be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or landed in Ireland, the due Exportation. jjjc 0j	or	the	I(lands	of	Faro	or	Ferro	; and such Exporter,

with the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge os Command of the Ship or Veflel in or on board which such Cordag? shall be intended to be exported, shall give Security by Bond in the Value of the said Cordage (which Security the Colledlor is hereby empowered to take in the Name and to the Ufc of His MajclVy, kis Heirs and Succeflbrs) that such Cordage so shipped, or intended *

b<

Oath made that Cordage is fnanuiallured in

G. B.

C^ooQle

A.D. 1814.

540 GEO. III.	C.	185.	951

be shipped, or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought on Shore again in any Port or Place of Great Britain, or landed in Ireland, the Isle of Man, or to the Ifiands of Faro or Ferro, and such Security shall be discharged in the manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for or landed in the Iflands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, the Condition of the Bond shall be, to bring in a Certificate in Difcharge thereof within Six Months from the Date of the Bond ; and within Eighteen Months for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for or landed in any of His Majefly’s Plantations in Africa or America ; and within Thirty Months lor such of the said Goods as shall be entered for or landed in any Port or Place at or beyond the Cape of Go A Hope ; which said Certificate for such Cordage as aforesaid, as shall be landed in any Port or Place where any Officer or Officers of His Majcily’s Cufloms shall be reiident, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of His Majefly’s Cuiloms there, importing that such Goods were there landed, testifying the landing thereof; and for such Cordage as aforesaid, as shall be entered for the Ifiands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Sark, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of His Majcily’s Cufloms, if such Officer or Officers shall be residing in those Ifiands respectively, and for want of such Officer residing there, then by the Governor of those Ifiands or Deputy Governor thereof respectively ; and for such Cordage as aforesaid as shall be entered for any other Foreign Port or Place, to bring a Certificate under the Common Seal of the Chief Magillrate in such Port or Place, or under the Hands and Seals of Two known British Merchants then being at such Port or Place, that such Cordage was there landed, or such Bond or Bonds shall be discharged, upon Proof in either of the said cases, that such Goods were taken by Enemies or perished in the Seas ; the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of the Commiflioners of the Cufloms in England or Scotland respectively for the time being.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Tn what case Bounty shall be allowed or paid to any Perfon or Perfons whatever, ®°unly no1 *1-by virtue of this A 61, upon the Exportation of any untarred or twice

laid Cordage, nor unless the Quantity exported shall be Three Tons Weight at the lead.

III.	And be it further enabled, That every Ship or VefTcl on Vefll-Is to have board of which any Cordage shall be shipped for Exportation in sufficient Quan-order to obtain the Bounty or Allowance hereinbefore granted, fhall

and is hereby required to have on board (over and above the Quantity	cVt«r,

entered for Exportation) a sufficient Quantity of Cordage for the cd for Export'Ll fc of such Ship or Veffei according to the nature of the Voyage, ation. for which no Bounty shall be allowed, and such Ship or VefTel, before clearing at any Port of Great Britain, shall be visited by the proper Officer or Officers of the Cufloms at such Port, who shall not permit or fufTer her to fet fail on her Voyage if it shall appear that there is not on board a sufficient Quantity of Cordage for the Ufe of such Ship or Veffei, independent of and besides the Quantity entered for the Bounty, and such Officer or Officers shall be and is and are hereby authorized and required to detain such Ship or VefTel, and to prevent her from failing upon her intended Voyage until there shall be provided a sufficient Quantity of Cordage for the Ufe of such Ship or

3 P 4	VefTel*

CjOOQle

952

Entry not permitted unlels Certificitc pro duced that Cordage has been refilled by N<uy Board.

Penalty.

Searcher to examine Packages, finding Goods entered under wrong Denomination or less in Quantity, forfeited.

fxpouef.

Penalty.

Onus probandi.

Cordage reland-Cu loiicited, &c.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

c. 185.	54*	GEO.	III.	A.D.	18x4.

Veflel, according to the nature of the Voyage in which such Ship or Veflel shall be intended to proceed, besides the Cordage entered a§ aforesaid for Exportation in order to obtain the Bounty.

IV.	And, in order to prevent any Inconvenience which raav arise by the Exportation of Cordage, be it further enabled. That no Entry shall be permitted to pass for the Exportation of any such Cordage, or the VcfTel having on board such Cordage be permitted to go out of Port, unless a Certificate shall be produced under the Hands of the Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Navy, or any Three or more of them, signifying that such Cordage hath been tendered to them for the Ufe of His Majefty’s Dock Yards, at the fair and then Market Price of such Cordage in London, and that the fame hath been refused by that Board; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall pass an Entry for such Cordage without having such Certificate produced to him or them, such Perfon or Perfons shall forfeit and Jofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

V.	And, for the better preventing Frauds in the entering the said Goods, to the Prejudice of the Revenue, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Searcher or other prop-T Officer of the Cuftoms, after the Entry of any of the said Goods, and before or after the Shipping thereof, to open and strictly examine any Bail, Quoil, or other Package, as now by Law they may do, to fee if the Goods are right entered, and if on such Examination the fame shall be found to be right entered, the Officer shall at his own Charge cause the ferae to be repacked to the Satisfaction of the Exporter, which Charge shall be allowed to the said Officer by the Commifiioners of the Cuftoms if they think it reasonable ; but in case the said Officer shall find such Goods or any Part thereof entered under a wrong Denomination, or to be less in Quantity than expretfed in the Exporter’s Indorfement upon the Entry of such Cordage, whereby His Majesty would have been defrauded in the Allowance to be paid on the Exportation thereof, such Goods so wrong entered shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Exporter or Owner of such Goods shall also forfeit the Value thereof, to be prosecuted and divided as hereinafter mentioned.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dif--pute shall arise concerning the said Cordage ; that is to fey, whether the fame was made in Great Britain, or is entitled to the Bounty granted by this A &, the onus proban cli shall be on the Exporter, Claimer or Owner thereof, and not on the Officer.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Cordage shipped to be exported, for which a Bounty or Allowance is hereby made, shall be relanded or unshipped in any Port or Place ia Great Britain, Ireland, the Isle of Man, or the I (lands of Faro or Ferro, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&, unless it be in case of Diftrefs to save the said Goods from perishing, the Goods (over and above the Penalty of the Bond to be levied and recovered to His Majefty’s Ufe as aforefaid) and Treble the Value of such Goods shall be forfeited and loft, and shall and may be prosecuted and divided in the manner hereinafter mentioned.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures in this A& mentioned shall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty'* Courts of Record at Wejlmwflcrx or in the Court of Exchequer at

Edln-

uooQle

953

A.D.i8i4*

540 GEO. III.

C. 185,186.

Edinburgh respectively, wherein no Edoin, Proteftion, Privilege,

Wager of Law, dr more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and One Moiety of the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Ufe of The King’s Majesty, and the other to such Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms as shall sue for or prosecute for the fame.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Aftion or Suit shall General IflTue. be commenced against any Perfon or Pcrfons for any thing done in pursuance of this Aft, the Defendant or Defendants in such Aftion or Suit may plead the General Ifsue, and give this Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Aft, and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited *#r discontinue his Aftion after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdift or Demurrer againff the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and	>

may recover Treble Colls, and have the like Remedy for the fame as TrebleCofls. - •' the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other cases ©£ Law*

• . * -

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

; A SCHEDULE of Bounties payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of

Britiih-made Staple Cordage.

For every HundredWeight containing H2lbs. Weight of Staple Cordage, wrought up and manufactured in Great Britain from Foreign rough Hemp (except from Hemp of the British Colonics or Plantations in America, of the F/aft Indies or China, or imported by the Eail India Company) on which the Duties of Culloms due upon the Importation of such Hemp after the 15th Day of April 1813 have been fully paid, a Bounty of	-

For every Hundred Weight of Staple Cordage wrought up and manufactured from the like Defcription of Hemp on which the Duties of Cuftoms due upon the Importation thereof on or before the 15th Day of April 1813 have been fully paid, a Bounty of -

Bounties.

• s • d •

- O 7 8i

o 6 6

CAP. CLXXXVI.

An Aft for the more easy apprehending and trying of Offenders, escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other.

[3ctli July 1814.]

*	"117 HERE AS an Aft patted in the Thirteenth Year of His li G'3’ c-3*« € \t \ present Majcfty’s Reign, intituled An Ail for the more effec*

€ tual Execution of the Criminal Laws of the Two Parts of the

* United Kingdom : And Whereas another Aft passed in the Forty 44 G. 3.0.92. € fourth Year of His present Majelily’s Reign, intituled An Ad to

*	render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to Trialy Offenders

*	escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also i from one County to another : And Whereas another Aft passed in

• the





C. 186.

45 G. 3. c-9*.

AS G-3- «-9»-i j, 6. repealed.

Warrants indorsed and atfcd upon in either Country.

13C;. 3. c.31. & I)

Judges,in either Country, to in-dorfe Letters of vSecond Diligence.

54° GEO. III.	A.D.1S14.

1 the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

*	An Ad to amend Two Ads of the Thirteenth and Forty fourth 1 Tears of His present Majessy, for the more effectual Execution of the

*	Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to Trial,

* Offenders efc aping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other,

*	and also from one County to another : And Whereas it is expedient

*	that the Reftriftion, in the said last recited Aft contained, as to

* the Warrants to be indorsed under the said recited Afts, fhould

* be repealed, and that further Provifion should be made for appre-

*	hending and Trial of Offenders escaping from one Part of the

*	United Kingdom to the other May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent cf the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefem Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That so much of the said last recited Aft as enacts, that it shall not be lawful for any Judge or Juftice to indorse any Warrant, unless the fame shall appear to have ifTued, if in England or Ireland, upon some Indictment found or Information filed, or if in Scotland, upon some Libel or Criminal Letters raised and passed under the Signet of the Court of Jufticiary, against the Pcrfon or Perfons named in such Warrant, or unless the fame shall appear to have ifTued in respect of some Capital Crime or Felony mentioned in such Warrant; and that in all cases in which any Warrant or Certificate shall be required to be acted upon in any Part of the United Kingdom, other than that in which the fame was originally ifTued, it shall not be lawful for any Court, or ar.y Judge or Juftice, to proceed to enforce or aft upon the fame, until it shall be proved upon Oath to such Court, Judge or Juftice, that the Seal, Signet and Signature upon the fame are the Seal, Signet and Signature respectively of the Court, Judge or Juftice, whose Seal, Signet, and Signature the fame respectively purport to be, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paffingof this Aft, all Warrants ifTued in England, Scotland or Ireland refptc-tively, may and shall be indorsed and executed, and enforced and a cud upon, in any Part of the United Kingdom, in such and the like manner as is directed by the said first recited Aft of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in relation to Warrants ifTued or granted in England and Scotland respectively, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the Provifions of the said Aft were in this Aft severally and separately repeated and re-enafted and made Part of this Aft, as to every Part of the United Kingdom, and as to ail Jufticcs of the Peace, Sheriffs’ Officers, Con. stables or other Officer or Officers of the Peace in Ireland, as well as in England and Scotland respectively.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for arv Judge of any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Wejlmirfer, of the Court of Seffions in the County Palatine of Cheflcr, or of any of the Courts of Great Seffions in Wales, or for any Judge in any of His Maiefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin, to indorse any Letters of Second Diligence ifTued in Scotland, for compelling the Attendance of any Witnefs or Witneffes resident in England, Wales or Ireland, upon any Criminal Trial in Scotland; and such Letters shall upon such Indorfement have the like Force and Efieft as the fame

WOUid

CjOOQle

955

A.D.i8i4«	54*	GEO. III.	C. 18(5,187.

would have in Scotland, and shall entitle the Bearer thereof to apprehend the Witnefs or Witneffes mentioned therein, and to convey such Witnefs or Witneffes to Scotland, for the Purpofes of the Trial or Trials in respect of which such Letters fhali have been issued, without any Tender of any Expence or Expences of any such Witnefs or Witneffes ; any thing contained in the said last recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CLXXXVII.

An Aft to revive and continue, until the First Dny of Jane One thousand eight hundred and twenty and to amend several Acts for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and its Vicinity.	[30th July 1814.]

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Thirty ninth and 39&4CG. 3.

Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- c. 87. tituled An Ad for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames, and in its Vicinity ; and to amend an Ad made in the Second Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Perfons navigating Bum Boats and other Boats upon the River Thames : And Whereas another ‘ Act was made and passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present 47	3-	x.

* Majcfty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to continue^ until the Twenty fifth € Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and amend 1 an Ad made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Tears of His present * Majessy, for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the * River Thames, and its Vicinity ; and to amend an Ad made in the € Second Tear of His present Majessy, to prevent the committing of 1 Thefts and Frauds by Perfons navigating Bum Boats and other Boats 1 upon the River Thames ; which said Ac! of the Forty seventh Year € of His present Majesty is now expired, and it is expedient that the € Provifions of the said Ads (Tumid be revived, continued and * amended :* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enabled by The King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con font of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Public Office, eftablifiied in PuMicOfflc-e.it pursuance of the said Aft of th“ Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year ^appngcoa-of His Majefty’s Reign, near Wapping New Stairs, in the Pari(h of l*mutd*

Saint John of IVapplng, in the County of Middlesex, under the Name of The Thames Police Office, fhnll be, from and after the passing of this Aft, revived, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and he continued ; and that the several Perfons heretofore appointed by His Majesty by virtue of the said Aft to execute the Office of Juft ices of the Peace at the said Public Office, shall continue to execute the fame, and fhali be and are hereby indemnified for and in respect of all Afts done by them as such Jufticcs, or under and by virtue and in pursuance of the Provisions,

Powers and Authorities in the said Aft contained, since the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in such and the fame manner in every respect and purpose as if the Power, Authority and Provifion of the said Afts, and all Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained had been continued before the Expiration thereof.

II. And

^ ^.ooQle

956

On Vacancy of J uH ice another appointed.

Attendance.

Regulations

mr-.de lor conducting Oftice.

Account of Fee* and of Pen.titles levied kept,and delivered montb'y to Receiver, vct.'fied on Oath.

Penalties payable to His Mijefty accounted for to Receiver.

C. 187.

54° GEO. m.

A.D.1S14.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty from time to time, upon any Vacancy by Death or otherwise of any of the said Three Justices, to appoint other fit and proper Perfons, being Justices of the Peace for the Counties of j\TiJ-dlefcxi Surry, Kent and EJftx, and also for the City and Liberty of l¥ej}mivjler> and the Liberty of the Tower of London, to execute the Duties of the said Office in his Place : Provided always, that One or more of the said Justices so appointed as aforesaid, shall diligently attend at the said Public Office every Day from Ten of the Clock in the Morning, until Eight of the Clock in the Evening, and at such other Times and Places as shall be found necefiary ; and that Two of the said Justices so appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall in like manner attend together at the said Office from Twelve of the Clock at Noon until Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

III.	Provided also, and be it further enabled. That it shall and may be lawful for Plis Majesty, his Heirs and Succefiors, by std with the Advice of His or their Privy Couneil, to make such Alteration in the Place wfiere the said Public Office shall be situated, or to make such Alteration in the Hours of Attendance therein, and to make all such other Regulations to be observed in conducting the fame, as he or they from time to time may think proper.

IV.	And be it further enacted,That the said Justices so appointed to attend at the said Public Office as aforesaid, and their Clerks, shall, in Books to be provided for that Purpose, keep a full, true and particular Account of all the Fees taken and received at the said Office, which Fees they are hereby authorized to take, receive and apply in the manner hereinafter named ; as also of all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall have been recovered, levied or received in pursuance of any Adjudication, Convidlion or order had or made at the said Public Office, or any Procefi or Warrant issuing from the fame ; and also of all other Sum and Sums of Money which shall be at any time received by the said Justices, their Clerks or Officers, under and by virtue of this A6t; to which said Books and Accounts the Receiver to be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall at all times have free Access; and the said Justices shall, once in every Month, deliver unto such Receiver such Account, verified upon Oath by such Justices, or One of them, their Clerk or Clerks, and such other Perfon or Perfons as shall be employed in keeping such Ac* counts refpc&ively, or any Part thereof, before some Juftice of the Peace for one of the said Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Knt or EJfexy which Oath such Juftice is hereby authorized and required to administer, and shall pay and cause to be paid the Amount of all such Fees unto such Receiver, to be applied in manner hereinafter mentioned ; any Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enabled, That all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, as are or shall be limited and made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, or to any Defcription of Perfons other than the Informer or Informers who shall sue for the fame, or any Party grieyed, and which shall be recoverable in a summary way before a Juftice or Justices of the Peace, and which shall be recovered or adjudged before any Juftice or Justices of the Peace, at the said Public Office, shall be accounted for and paid into the Hands of the Receiver to be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, by the Juftice, Clerk, Conftable1 Officer or

other



540 GEO. III.

C. 187.

957

other Perfon or Perfons who shall levy or receive the fame, to be applied by such Receiver in manner hereinafter mentioned ; any Law,

Statute or Cultom to the contrary not with (landing.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for	to

His Majesty, his Heirs and Succefibrs, by and with the Advice of

His or their Privy Couneil, to direct Salaries to be paid to the Juflices so appointed to attend the said Public Office, for their Time and Trouble, and such further Sums for their Expences in the said Offices, and for the Payment of Clerks and others therein employed in such manner as to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, by and with the Advice of His or their Privy Council shall seem meet : Provided Provifo. always, that the Yearly Salary paid to each of the Justices shall be Six hundred Pounds, clear of all Taxes and Dedudtions whatever:

Provided also, that the whole Charges attending the said Office (the Provifo. said Salaries being included) shall not exceed the annual Sum of Eight thousand fix hundred Pounds ; to commence from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Receiver ap-for His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, to appoint any proper Per- pointed, to ac-fon to be the Receiver of the said Public Office, which said Receiver C°^v°of ^tate shall receive all Fees, Penalties, Forfeitures, and all and every other n^K-yearly tor Sum and Sums of Money applicable to the Purpofjs of this A61 ; Receipts and and from the Produce of such Fees, Penalties, Forfeitures, Sum and DiUjutfetnenti. Sums of Money, shall pay, discharge and disburse all the Salaries,

Expences and Charges attending the said Public Office, and the

carrying this Act into Execution ; and shall make all such Contracts as shall from time to time be necessary for that Purpofe ; and shall every Six Months, and oftener if required, deliver to His Majefty’s Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, but to no other Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, a full and particular Account of all Monies by him received and paid as aforesaid, with Vouchers for the fame, which Account shall be verified upon Oath before any Juflice or Baron of any of His Majeity’s Courts of Record at JVtjl-minjler ; and such Receiver so to be appointed under this Act shall have and be entitled to such Salary and Allowances as His Majesty shall from time to time be pleased to direct and appoint, and shall also pofiefs and exercise the fame Powers and Remedies for recovering all Fees and Penalties, Sum and Sums of Money whatever to be due and payable to the laid Receiver under and by virtue of this Act, as are given by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An A cl for repealing an Act made in the Fifty first Tear of His prefnt Majesty for the more effectual A chninijl ration of the Office of a Jujlicc of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surry as lie in and near the Metropolis, andfor nulling other Provijions in lieu thereof: to continue in force until the Firjl Day of June One thousand eight hundred and Twenty, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then nrxt Sejfton ofParliament:

Provided always, that if it shall appear that the Monies applicable by pecs |nfu^r;ent the said Receiver to be appointed under this Adt in Difeharge of the t0 piv Salaries, Salaries, Expences and Charges attending the said Public Office, and &c. Deficiency the carrying this Act into Execution, shall not amount to the annual fapi>liedout of .Sum of Eight thousand fix hundred Pounds, the Deficiency fiiall be made up and lupplied out of the Confolidated Fund; and if at the £ud of any Year there flwll be any Surplus beyond the said Sum of

Eight

c. 37. ante.

c^ooQle

Nftices to ap« point lufiident Number of Con-ftabUs.

Duty of Con-ftahies.

Ju (Vices to appoint any Number of Men not exceeding 30, under N.mne of Thames Police Surveyors, for infpettim! Conduct c f Con Halyes, &e.

Eight thousand fix hundred Pounds in the Hands of such Receiver, he shall pay the Amount of such Surplus into the Receipt of His Mu jetty’s Exchequer, and the fame ttiall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for such Juttices so appointed as aforesaid, or any Two of them, as soon as conveniently may be after the patting of this Acl, subject to the Approbation of His Majcfty’s Secretary of State for the Home Department, to appoint, retain and employ a fuflicient Number of fit and able Men as Conftables to be employed on Land, or on board Ships, Lighters or Craft, in and upon the said River, within the Limits of the Counties of Middlcsex, Surry, Kent and EJsex, the City and Liberty of Wejlmivjler, and the Liberty of the Tower of Lond-ir., or in Boats to be hired for the Purpofc ; which said several Performs shall respectively take an Oath duly to execute their respective Offices, and such Oath shall be adrainiltered by One of the said Juf-tices; and each of such Perfons being so appointed and sworn, (hail have Power to aft as a Conttable for the Prefervation of the Peace, and for the Security of Property against felonious and other unlawful Modes of obtaining and receiving the fame, as well on the said River within the Limits aforesaid as on Land, within any and every of the said several Counties, City and Liberties aforesaid, and for apprehending Offenders against the Peace as well by Night as by l>av ; and within the Limits aforesaid, every such Conttable shall have all such Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Conttable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have within his Coe-I2Lie-wick , and'(hall obey all such lawful Commands as he ttiall from time to time receive from such Juttices, or any One of them, or from the Thames Police Surveyors, as hereinafter mentioned, for the apprehending of Offenders, or otherwise conducing himself in the Execution of such Office of Conttable ; and Two or more of such Juftiee* may at any time suspend or dismiss from his Employment every such Conttable whom they ttiall think remiss or negligent in the Execution of his Office, or otherwise unfit for the fame, and appoint (lubjed to such Approbation as aforefaid) such other fit Perfon in his Stead as to the said Juttices ttiall seem meet, and upon every such DiiYr.iffior, all Powers and Authorities, Allowances, Emoluments, Privileges and Advantages vetted in the Perfon so dismissed by virtue of h:s Appointment as aforesaid, ttiall immediately cease and determine.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That the said Juttices, or cry Two of them, shall and may, from time to time (fubjedt to such Approbation as aforefaid) appoint, retain and employ, any Number of fit and difereet Men, not exceeding Thirty at any one time, who under the Name of Thames Police Surveyors, shall each of them (being firtt duly sworn in manner above mentioned) have the Power, Authority and Privileges and Advantage of a Conttable as aforesaid, within the Limits aforesaid, for the Purpofe of diredUng and infpedting the Cod-dudt of the said several Constables, and o? all Perfons to be employed in and about Ships and Veffels lying and being in the said River, or in and on the several Wharfs, Quays and Landing Place? thereto adjacent, and within the Limits of the aforesaid Courses, City and Liberties rcfpedtively, under the Authority or Superinten-dance of the (aid Juttices, who may when they think proper suspend 8	1	or



959.

A.D. 1814.	54°	GEO. III.	C.	187.

or dismiss any such Thames Police Surveyors, and subject to the fame Approbation appoint others in their Stead.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Mailer, Wardens and Alfiilants of the Guild, Fraternity or Brotherhood of the mod Glorious and Undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement, in the Parilh of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, shall at any time be dissatisfied with the Condud of any such Condable or Surveyor so appointed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mailer, Wardens and Aflillants, by Order of their Court of Aflillants, to dismiss from his said Employment every such Conltable or Surveyor as aforesaid, with whose Condud they shall respectively be dissatisfied ; and every such Conlluble or Surveyor so dismissed shall, from and after the time when any such Order shall have been produced and made known to him, be incapable of exercising either of the said Offices, unless and until such Court of Aflillants who shall have made such Order shall think fit to revoke the fame.

XI.	And be it further enabled. That the said Receiver (out of the Monies applicable by virtue of this A6t in Difcharge of the Salaries, Expences and Charges attending the said Public Office) shall and may pay to the Conllables and Surveyors so to be appointed as aforesaid, for their Trouble and Attendance as aforesaid, such Salaries and Allowances as the said Jullices shall from time to time direel and appoint, with the Approbation and Confent of His Majelly’s Secretary of State for the Home Department.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Thames Police Surveyor, in virtue of such his Office (fubjed to the Orders of the said Jullices to be appointed as aforefaid), to enter at all times, as well by Night as by Day, into and upon every Ship, Hoy, Barge, Ligliter, Boat or other Veflel (not being then actually employed in His Majelly’s Service) lying or being in the said River, and within the Limits of the aforesaid Counties, City and Liberties respectively, and into every Part of all such VefTels, for the Purpofe of infpe&iug and upon Occafion directing the Condud of any Conllablc or Conllables who shall or may from time to time be (lationed on board such Ships or Vcfleis, as also for the Purpofe of infpecling and observing the Conduct of all and every or any other Perfon and Perfons who shall from time to time be employed on board of any Ship or Veflel in or about the lading or unlading thereof, as the case may be, and for the Purpofe of taking all such Meafures as may be necessary for providing againll Fire and other Accidents, as also for the Purpofe of preserving Peace and

food Order on board of any Ship or Veflel, and for the effcdual revention in all cases of any Felonies or Mifdcmeanors being committed on board any Ship or Veflel, and for the effectual Detection of any Felonies or Mifdcmeanors whatsoever, which may have been committed, or which the said Surveyor may have reasonable Caufe to suspect to have been committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad.

* XIII. And Whereas divers ill disposed and suspected Perfons ‘ and reputed Thieves frequent the said River, and the Quays and * Warehoufes near and adjoining thereunto, and the Avenues to the * fame Quays and Warehouses, and the Streets and Plighways leading * thereto, with Intent to commit Felony on the Perfons and Pro-4 perty of His Majclty’f Subjeds there being ; and although their

4 Evil

Court of Aflift-antsof Trinity House may dil-miis Conllables or Surveyors.

Salaries, &c. to Conftablat, &c.

Duty of Surveyors.



A.D. i8i4-

Sufpe&ed Peril' ns and reppted 'iVieves frequenting River, &c. t iken up and punillied as Rogues and Vagabonds under 17 G. a. c. 5-

Form of Con-vuition.

C.187.	54°	GEO. III.

4 Evil Purpoks are sufficiently Manifefl, the Power of His Majefty’s

*	Juftices of the Peace to demand of them Securities for their good 4 Behaviour hath not been of sufficient Effctft to prevent them for

*	carrying their evil Purpofes into Execution ;* Be it enacted, That, from and after the palling of this A£k, it shall and may be lawful for any ^Conftable or Surveyor appointed under the Authority of this A<ft, within the Limits aforesaid to apprehend every such Perfon, and convey him or them before any Juftice of the Peace ; and if it shall appear before the said Juftice, upon the Oath of One or more credible Wituefs or Witne(Tes, that such Perfon or Perfons is or area Perfon or Perfons of evil Fame and a reputed Thief or Thieves, and such Perfon or Perfons shall not be able to give a satisfactory Account of himself or themselves, and of his or their way of livinr, and it shall alio appear to the Satisfa&ion of the said Juftice, that there is just Ground to believe that such Perfon or Perfons was or were on or in the said River, Quays or Warehouses, or in such Avenue, Street or Highway as aforesaid, with such Intent as aforesaid, every such Perfon shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act ti amend and male more (ffedual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and di/orderly Perfons, and to Houfes of Correction.

XIV.	And he it further enacted, That every such Conviction ihall be to the following Form of Words, as the case may happen, or m any other Form of Words to the like Eftedt:

4 gE it remembered, That on the	Day	of

*	in the Year of our Lord	A.	B. is brought

4 before me C. D. Esquire, One of His Majefty** Jufticcs of the 4 Peace, in and for the County of	[or9	City,

4 Liberty or Place, as the case may Ae], and charged before me the

*	faid Juilice with being a Rogue and Vagabond, ne the said A.

*	having been apprehended on the	Day	of

4 in the said County [or, City, et cetera, as the case may Ar], and it

*	appearing to me the said Juftice on the Oath of

1 a credible Witnefs, that the said A• B. is a Perfon of Evil Fcrnr,

‘ and a reputed Thies, and the said A. B. on his Examination before 4 me not being able to give a satisfactory Account of himself, or of 4 his way of living, and it also appearing to the Satisfaction of me

*	the said Juftice, that there is just ground to believe the said A. £.

4 was	aforesaid,	with Intent to commit Felony

4 on the Perfon or Property of His Maiefty’s SubjeCU there being,

*	I do therefore, in pursuance of an Att pafTed in the Fifty fourth 4 Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [krr 4 insert the Title of this Ad~]9 convict him the said A. J5. of the said 4 Offence, and adjudge him to be a Rogue and Vagabond within the

*	Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in the Seventeenth Year

4 of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, inti-

4 tuled An A3 to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating H

4 Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle ana disorderly Perfons, and t*

4 Houfes of Corredion9 and that he for his said Offence be cora-

4 mitted to the House of Correction for the said County, until the

4 next General or Quarter [a/ the case may Ae] Sefllons of the

4 Peace to be holden for the said Countyf City or Place [as the cafe

4

CjOOQle

1

I

A.D. 1814*

54° GEO. IQ.	C.	18 7.	961

* may be"]. then and theri to be further dealt with according to Law*

< [if the Party be committed for a left Time than until the SeJJions{

« then fay, there to remain, for the Space of	.*]

And that such Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to all Want of Form. Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed or fct alide, or ad-judged void or inefficient for want of any other Form or Words whatever, nor shall the fame be removed by Certiorari into His Certiorari. Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Appeal.

Perfon shall think himself aggrieved by the Judgment of such Juftice a3 aforesaid, such Perfon may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter SefTions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Caufe of Complaint shall have arisen, such Perfon at the time of his Conviftion entering into a Re- RCC0gn!zancc. cognizance with Two fufficietit Sureties conditioned personally to appear at the said SefTions ‘to try such Appeal and to abide the further Judgment of the Justices at such SefTions afTembled; and in case such Conviftion shall be affirmed at such Seflions, the said Justices may adjudge such Perfon to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to proceed again ft such Perfon in the fame manner as they might have done if such Rogue and Vagabond had been committed to the House of Correction until such General or Quarter Seffioils; and in case such Perfon shall not appear pursuant to the said Recognizance, the Perfon so convicted by such Juftice shall be deemed an incorrigible Rogue within the Intent and Meaning of an Act made and pafTed in the Seventeenth Year of H13 late Majefty’s Reign, intituled *7 G. 2. CL An A3 to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Roguesy Vagabonds and other idle and dijorderly Perfons> and to Houfcs of C or re Elion ; and the said Justices at such Seflions, or any Two of them, shall issue their Warrant to apprehend and commit the Perfon so deemed an incorrigible Rogue to fume House of Correction, or Common Gaol within their Jurifdiction, there to remain until the next General or Quarter Seflions for the said County (Liberty or City, as the case may be), then and there to be further dealt with according to Law : Provided always, that no Perfon convicted under this Adi I>rov,**a shall be deemed subject or liable to Punifhment by Whipping.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon shall wilfuHy Daim*ii% Sec. destroy or damage, or endeavour to destroy or damage, or be wilfully Koats plunging concerned in destroying or damaging, or endeavouring to destroy or 10 'Ultices* damage any Boat or Boats then belonging to or hired or employed by or by Authority of the said Justices, or any Part of the Sails,

Oars or other Tackle, Stores, Goods or Furniture contained in or belonging to any such Boat, every Perfon so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Boat so destroyed or damaged or attempted to be destroyed or damaged, or of which, any of the Tackle or other Contents shall have been so destroyed or damaged, or attempted to be destroyed or damaged as aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding Thirty pcnajtyt Pounds, or shall suffer Imprifonment For any time not exceeding 'Three Months over and above any such Damages, as may be recoverable by A&ion at Law against any such Offender.

« XVII. And Whereas for the Purpofe of increaflug the Facility

•	of Depredation, it hath been a common Pra&ice amongst varioui

•	ClafTea of Perfons concerned in the landing and warehoufing of Mer-s chandize from on board Ships and Veffels in the said River, wilfully

£4 Gbo. IIJ.	3	Q	<	to





AJD.t8i4«

962	C.	187.	54d	GEO.	HL

4 to injure and promote the opening and breaking of Calks, Bagsr • and other Packages, and the spilling of their Contents;* For Breaking, 8te. Remedy thereof, be it further enacted, That if any Perfon employed Packages, with jn the ]an^ng or warehoufmg of any GoodB and Merchandize, or ntent t ut on- other Perfon, shall wilfully or through culpable Negligence or Carelefsnefs, cause or suffer, or be concerned in causing or luffering to be broken, bruised, pierced, started, cut, torn or otherwise injured, any Calk, Box, Cheft, Bag or other Package containing or being designed and prepared for containing any such Goods or Merchandize while on board of any Barge, Lighter or other Craft lying or being in the said River, or any Quay, Wharf or Landing Place adjacent to the fame, or in or in the Way to or from any Warehoufe to or from which such Package shall have been removed, removing or about to be removed, with Intent that the Contents of such Package or any Part thereof may be spilled or dropped from such Package, then and in such case every Perfon so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, and shall, on Convi&ion before any One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace, be committed for any Term not exceeding One Calendar Month, determinable upon the Payment of such Penalty so imposed.

Wilfully letting XVIII, And be it further enadfed, That if for the Purpofe of in o Thames ** Prevent^ng the Seizure or Difcovery of any Materials, Furniture, into a Boat,&*c. Stores or Merchandize belonging to or having been Part of the Cargo with fraudulent of any Ship or Veffel lying in the said River, or of any other Articles Intention, unlawfully obtained from any such Ship or Veffel, any such or any other Article or Articles shall be wilfully let fall, or thrown into the River, or in any other manner directly or purposely conveyed away or endeavoured to be conveyed away nrom any Ship or Veffel, Boat, Barge, Ligliter, Craft, Wharf, Quay or other Landing Place, every Perlon being Party or Acceffary to such letting fall, throwing or Conveyance, or to any previous Inftru&ions or premeditated Defign so to let fall, throw or convey away any such Article or Articles with any such Purpofe as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged Mifdemeanor. guilty of a Mifdemeanor 5 and if any Article or Articles whatever of Wilfully letting apparent Value shall be wilfully let fall, thrown, conveyed away or fall, &c. Articles endeavoured to be conveyed away from any Ship or Veffel into any itc!from Shiwf* Boat, Barge, Lighter or Craft, or from any Boat, Barge, Lighter Icc.	9	or Craft, or from any Wharf Quay or other Landing Place, without

the Order, Affent or Privity of the Perfon or Perfon* being the s	Owner, or having the lawful Charge of such Article or Articles,

then and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and far any such Con liable or Surveyor as aforesaid, or for any Constable of the City of London within the Jurifdi&ion of the said City, to feiie, apprehend and secure any such Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Craft, and every or any Perfon therein, or who by reason of his or her neamefs to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, (hafi be reasonably suspected by such Conllable or Surveyor of being Party Acceffary. or Acceffary thereto, and forthwith to convey every such Penon so apprehended before the said Justices, or fame other Justices in whofc Jurifdi&ion such Offences shall be committed; and if upon Examination it shall not be made appear to the Satisfa&ion of the laid Justices, that such letting fall, throwing or conveying away, or endeavour to convey away, proceeded either from mere .Accident or

from

tents ui3y be spilled.

penalty.





9 63

AD. 1814.

540 GEO. IIL

C. 187.

from some lawful Cause, and not ffom any such fraudulent or evasive Defign as aforesaid, every Perfon so appearing to be Party, Privy or Acceflary as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and shall suffer as hereinafter mentioned.	Mifdemeanor.

XIX.	And be it further enabled, That if on Information given on On Informs son Oath, it shall appear to the said Justices that there is reasonable Caufe th:‘*	*

for fufpe6ting that any Materials, Furniture, Stores or any Part of for iViJpedm T1* the Cargo of any such Ship or Veffel, lying or being in the said that any of the River, or any Stores belonging to His Majesty, or consigned to any Circoof any Perfon or Perfons for His Majefty's Service, have been llolen or un- v*,rel or any of lawfully obtained, from or out of any such Ship or Veffel, or from ^reif^Vv or out of any Boat, Barge, Lighter or Craft lying or being in the hS^Inl^fun/ said River, or from any Wharf, Quay or other Landing Place ad- obtained, and 7 jacent to the fame, and within the Limits of the aforesaid Counties, concealed, how City and Liberties, or from or in the way to or from any Warehonfe proceeded in. into or from which such Articles had been removing or removed to or from any such Wharf, Quay or Landing Place, and that such Articles after having been so stolen or unlawfully obtained are concealed or otherwise lodged in any Dwelling House, Warehouse, Yard,

Garden or any other Place, it shall be lawful for the said Justices or other Justices in their respective Jurifdi&ions, or any One of them, by Special Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any such Thames Police Constable or Surveyor as aforesaid, or other Constable within their respective Jurifdi&ions, to cause every such Place to be searched at any time of the Day, or by Night, if Power for that Purpofe be especially given in and by such Warrant; and the said Justices, if it should appear to them requisite and necessary, may moreover empower such Constable or Surveyor with any such Afliftance as to them the said Justices may appear, or by such Constable or Surveyor be found necclfary (fuch Constable or Surveyor having previously made known such his Authority), to use Force for the effecting of such Entry, whether by breaking open Doors or otherwise; and if upon Search thereupon made any such suspected Article or Articles shall accordingly be found, then and in such case to convey the fame forthwith to and before the said Justices, or to guard the fame on the Spot while the Offenders are taken before the laid Justices, or otherwise dispose thereof in some Place of Safety, subject to the Orders of the said Justices in manner as above mentioned, and moreover to apprehend and convey before the said Justices the Perfon or Perfons in whose House, Lodging or other Place as* aforesaid, the fame shall so have been found; as also every such other Perfon so found in such House, Lodging or Place as shall appear to have been privy to the depositing of such Articles or any of them in such Place, knowing or having reasonable Caufe to fufpe£t the fame to have been stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained; and if such Perfons respectively shall not immediately or within some reasonable time to be afiigned by the said Justices, make it appear to the Satif-fa&ion of the said Justices by what lawful Means such Article or Articles came to be deposited or situated in such Place as aforesaid, without any Default on the Part of such Perfons respectively, or that they refpettively did not know that the fame were, or by what meant the fame were deposited or situated in such Place, then and in such case the Perfon or Perfons in whose House, Lodging or other Place such fufpt&ed Article or Articles was or were found, as also every

3 Q a	ether





9<S4

AiD*1814.

C. 187.

540 GEO. III.

Mifdemeanor.

Framing falle Bill of Parcels to ©Tcape Detection.

Mifdemeanor.

Advertised as Fabricator of Falfe Bills of Pareels, &c. Surveyors having just Caufe to suspect Felony may enter on Vefleh and take up futpetted Per Ions.

Unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder seized.

ia G. 3. c. 61.

Forfeited Boats inftaad of

other Perfon so appearing to have been privy to the depositing thereof, knowing or having Caufe to suspect the fame to have been stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and shall suffer as hereinafter mentioned.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon who for the Purpofe of proteding or preventing any Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Articles whatsoever from being seized on suspicion of their being stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained, or of preventing the fame from being produced or made to serve as Evidence of or concerning any Felony or Mifdemeanor, shall frame or cause to be framed, or be any ways concerned in framing or causing to be framed any Bill of Parcels containing any false Statement in regard to the Name or Abode of any alleged Vendor, the Quantity or Quality of such Goods or Valuables, the Place from whence or Conveyance by which the fame were furni(hed, the Price agreed upon, or charged for the fame, or any other Particular or Particulars, knowing such Statement to be false, or who shall fraudulently produce such Bill of Pareels, well knowing the fame to have been fraudulently framed, shall be adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and shall fuftcr as hereinafter mentioned, and may moreover, at the Difcretion of the said Judices, or such other Justices in whose Jurifdi&ion such Offences shall be committed, be publilhed and advertised as a Fabricator of falle Bills of Pareels, or as a convicted or reputed Receiver of Goods stolen, or otherwise unlawfully obtained, as the case may be.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every such Thames Police Surveyor (fubjed to the Orders of the (aid Justices appointed as aforefaid), having just Caufe to suspect that any Felony has been or is about to be committed in or on board of any Ship, Hoy, Barge, Ligliter, Boat or other Veffel lying or being in the said River, and within the Limits aforesaid, to enter at all times as well by Night as by Day, into and upon every such Ship, Hoy, Barge, Ligliter, Boat or other Veffel, and therein to take all necessary Mealures for the effectual Prevention or Detection of all felonies which he has just Caufe to suspect have been or are about to be committed in and upon the said River, and within the said Limits, and to apprehend and detain all Perfons suspected to be concerned in the said Feionics, and also all Property so suspected to be feloniously stolen, and the fame to produce before One or more Juftice or Justices within his or their respective Jurifdidions; and every such Thames Police Surveyor is hereby authorized at any time between Sun-riiing and Sun-fetting to enter any Ship or Veffel (except His Majcfty’s Ships) in the said River, and within the Limits in the said fir ft recited Ad mentioned, and. to search the fame for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder, and also shall have the fame Powers of seizing, removing to proper Places and detaining all such unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder found on board any such Ship or Veffel, and the Barrels in which such Gunpowder shall „be, as are given to Perfons searching for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder under a Warrant of a Juftice of the Peace, by virtue of an Ad passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majefty* intituled An A8 to regulate the making, keeping and carriage of Gunpowder within Great Britain $ and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for auj of theft Purpofes•

. XXII. And be it further enacted, That xa all cases ia which it it directed ia the said Ad that any Boat w^th her Tackle and Appur-

tenances





9^5

A.D. 1814.

540 GEO. IH.

C. 187.

Bathing between

Entrance of E^ft India Docks

Seven in the Morning and during Day l.iglit.

tenances which shall be forfeited, shall be burnt and destroyed, it shall being burnt be lawful for any Juftice or Justices within their respective Jurifdidlions reftorC(l or f°^* before whom any Perfon or Perfons shall have been convicted of any Offence, whereby any Boat is or should be adjudged to be forfeited, either to direct such Boat with her Tackle and Appurtenances to be burnt and destroyed, or restored to the Owners thereof, or to be publicly fold, and the Produce of such Sale to be applied in like manner as all other Cafes of Forfeitures under the said Adi ; any thing in this Adi to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

4 XXIII. And Whereas it is expedient, that indecent and im-* proper bathing in the River Thames between the Entrance of the 4 East India Docks at Blarkwall and Batterfea Bridge should be 4 preventedBe it therefore enacted, That the said Jultices shall and are hereby required to cause a Notice or Notices to be affixed _ whereever they nvty think fit, on any Pod, or on the Front of any a„d Batteries Wharf, Wall or Building adjoining the River Thames* between the Bridce after Places aforefaid» thereby diredling, that no Perfon shall from and after Seven of the Clock in the Morning and during so long as Day Light shall continue, undress himself on the Shore of the said River, or shall expose his naked Body to Public View for the Purpofe of bathing within the Limits to be preferibed by such Notice or Notices ; and if any Perfon shall a6l contrary thereto, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings to any Perfon who shall make Complaint thereof before the said Justices, or in D fault of Payment thereof shall be committed to Penalty. Prifon by the said Jultices, or any One of them, for any time not exceeding Twenty four Hours.

* XXIV. And Whereas Difputes and Difficulties do frequently 4 arise between Bargemen, Lightermen, Watermen, Ballaftmen, Coal-4 whippers, Coalporters, Sailors, Lumpers, Riggers, Shipwrights,

4 Caulkers and other Labourers who work for Hire on or upon the 4 River Thames, and the Docks, Creeks, Wharfs, Quays and Places 4 adjacent, respecting Wages or Money due to them for Work, and 4 the Owner or Owners, Captains or Commanders of Veffels, and their 4 Agents on the said River, and the Docks and Creeks thereunto ad-4 joining, and also the Owner or Owners, Wharfinger or Wharfingers,

4 or Occupiers of such Wharfs or Quays, and their Agents and

4 other Perfons employing the said Labourers ;* Be it enabled, That, _	...

from and after the passing of this Adi, all Differences, Complaints Wages for and Difpute9 which shall happen and arise between any Bargemen, Lnbour done Lightermen, Watermen, Ballaftmen (except Trinity Ballaftmen), R-iverf*c. Coalwhippers, Coalporters, Sailors, Lumpers, Riggers, Shipwrights,

Caulkers or other Labourers who work for Hire on or upon the nien) fcttiej by said River, or the Docks, Creeks, Quays, Wharfs or Places adjacent, Jultices; pro and the Owner or Owners, Captain or Commander of any Velfel, or vided Sum in their Agents on the said River, or the Docks or Creeks thereunto Queft,on ^ot‘* -adjoining, or the Owner or Owners, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, or li0texcce * ' Occupiers of any Wharf or Quay, or their Agents or other Employer or Employers respecting Wages or Money due to any such Labourer or Labourers for Work* whether the fame Perfons be employed for any certain time, or in any other manner, shall be heard and determined by the said Justices, or any One of them, or any other Juftice or Justices within his or their respective Jurifdidlions, and every such Juftice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to fummou before

1O	t	him

vjiOO^IC

Difputes about

S>66

C. 187.

54* GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

Diftrefs.

him or them toy such Captain or Commander of any such VefTel, or any such Owner or Owners thereof, or their Agents, or the Owner or Owners, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, or Occupier of any Wharf or Quay, or their Agents, or any other Employer or Employers ; and if any such Captain, Commander or Owner of any such Veflel or their Agents, or the Owner, Wharfinger or Occupier of any such Wharf or Quay, or their Agents, or any such other Employer or Employers shall refuse or neglect to attend such Summons, then every such Juftice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to i(Tue his or their Warrant to bring such Perfon or Perions before him or them, to answer such Complaint, and every such Juftice and Justices is and are hereby empowered to examine upon Oath any such Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman, Ballaftman (other than any Trinity Balia liman), Coalwhipper, Coalporter, Sauor, Lumper, Rigger, Shipwright, Caulker or other Labourer, or any other Witnefs or Witnefles touching any such Complaint or Difpute, and to make such Order for Payment of so much Wages to such Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman, Ballaftman (other than any Trinity Ballaftman,) Coalwhipper, Coalporter, Sailor, Lumper, Rigger, Shipwright, Caulker or other Labourer, as to such Juftice or Justices shall leem just and reasonable ; provided that the Sum in question do not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, besides all reasonable Cofts attending the Profecutiou of the said Complaint, which Cofts the said Juftice or Justices are hereby empowered to order ; and in case of Refufal or Nonpayment of any Sum or Sums so ordered by the Space of Twenty four Hours next after such Determination, such Juftice or Justices shall and may issue forth his or their Warrant to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Captain or Commander aforesaid, or of any Owner or Owners of any Veflel, or their Agents, or the Owner or Owners, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, or Occupier of any Wharf or Quay, or of any other Employer or Employers, or any such Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman, Ballaftman (other than any Trinity Ballaftman), Coalwhipper, Coalporter, Sailor, Lumper, R%2ci*> Shipwright, Caulker or other Labourer working for Hire on the River Thames, or the Docks, Creeks, Wharfs, Quays and Places adjacent, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner after Payment of the Sums so ordered for Wages or Money due to them for Work and necefiary Cofts, together with all Charges of such Diftrefs and Sale.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Orders as shall be made as aforesaid by any Juftice or Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, and from which said Orders no Appeal shall be allowed*

, XXVI. And, for the more edfe&ual Prevention of Accidents by twUn London** ^re anc* ot^,cr Mifchiefs upon the said River of Thames, it is hereby Br dje and further enacted, That if any Mafter or Commander or other Officer BLckwall,hav- of any Ship or Veflel (except His Maiefty’s Ships) shall while such *na on l>oar<I Ship or Veflel shall lie or be in the laid River of Thames betweea Gu.nsJ^ded ,T London Bridge and Black w ally keep any Gun or Guns on board such during Guns* Ship 9r Veflel (hotted or loaded with Ball, or cause or permit to be before Sun-ri- bred or discharged any Gun or Guns on board such Ship or VefM fine or after Sun- before Sun-rifing or after Sun-fettiog, such Mafter, Commander or setting; and other Officer shall, for every such Gun so kept (hotted or loacted, stc* onfboatd#of	l^ie Sum F*ve Shillings, and for every Gun so fired or dif-

VttTcU, <kc.	charged

CjOOQ 1C

Order of Justices final.

Matters of

9^1

A.D. 1814.	J4"GE0.	IIL	C.	1B7.

charged the Sum of Ten Shillings; and also, that if any Mailer, Commander or other Officer of any Ship or Veffel, or any other Perfon on board the fame, or any Perfon on board of any Barge, Ligliter, Boat or other Craft or Veffel shall, while such Ship or Veffei or such Barge, Ligliter, Boat or other Craft or VelTei shall he or be in the River of Thames, between London Bridge and Blackball, heat or melt, or cause or permit to be heated, or melted, by Fire, Logger-heat Shot, or any other Thing on board any such or any other Ship or VelTei, or Barge, Ligliter, Boat or other Craft or Veffel whatever, any Pitch, Tar, Rolin, Grease, Tallow, Oil, or other such combullible Matter or Thing, every Perfon or Perfons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and any P«°*ky. One or more of the said Jullices, or any other Jullice or Jullices for the City of London• or the Counties of Middlefex9 Surry or Kent* within his or their respective Jurifdi&ions, is and are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made ia that behalf within Ten Days next after any such Offence shall have been committed, to fumraon the Party or Parties accused, and also the Witneffes on either Side, or after Oath made of the Commiffion of any of the Fadls above mentioned by One or more credible Witnefa or Witneffes to issue a Warrant or Warrants to apprehend the Party or Parties accused, and upon the Appearance or Contempt of the Party or Parties accused in not appearing (upon the Proof of Notice given) such Jullice or Jullices shall proceed to the Examination of the Witnefs or Witneffes on Oath (which Oath he or they is and are hereby authorized and required to adminiller), and upon due Proof thereof, either by the voluntary Confeffion of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, to give Judgment or Sentence accordingly ; and in case the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Jullice or Jullices to issue his or their Warrant for the levying such Penalty or Penalties on the Goods of the Offender or Offenders, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed witliin Five Days, rendering to the Party or Parties the Overplus, if any there be, and where r.o Goods, or not sufficient Goods, of such Offender or Offenders can be found, to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prifon, there to remain for any time not exceeding the Space of Two Months, unless the Penalty or Penalties awarded by such Jullice or Justices to be paid by such Offender or Offenders mail be sooner paid ; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Jullice or Justices, he or they shall and may appear to the Jullices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Seffions for the County or City where such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security to the Satisfaftion of such Jullice or Jullices for prosecuting such Appeal with Effeel, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein, which said Justices are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witneffes upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame, and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed, to award the Perfon or Perfons so appealing to pay such Cods occasioned by such Appeal as to them the (aid Justices shall seem meet; and One Moiety of all Money recovered on account of every such Forfeiture ana Penalty shall be distributed at the Difcretion of the Jullice making

3 Q 4

9*8

» 0.3. r. 18. i 7-

Pro.lutfion of pjny from whom Grods IhhiuIu fatisfac-tory to Jultice.

Mifdemeanor.

Offence; declared Mif4)2-meanors.

Penalty-

Application of Peiwity.

C.187.	54iGEO.ni.	.A/D.1814-

1

the Con^idlion to fueh Perfon or Perfons as he shall judge to hare been instrumental in dete&ing and prosecuting the Offender.

* XXVII. And Whereas in and by an Att passed in the Second

*	Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft to prevent

*	the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Per font navigating Bum

*	Boats and other Boats upon the River Thames, it is, amongit other ** things, provided, that a Perfon in whofc Pofieffion Goods fufpected

*	of having been stolen or otherwise unlawfully come by are found,

*	fhall be adjudged guilty of a Miidemeanor, if he do not either girr

*	an Account to the Satisfadlion of such Juflice or Justices as are

*	therein mentioned, how he came by the fame, or elfe produce the 4 Party or Parties from whom he brought or received the fame, under

*	which Provifion no Receiver of stolen Goods who shall produce a

*	Perfon of whom he received the fame, can be adjudged guilty,

*	although he shall not give such Account to the Satisfaction of fuch

*	Juftice or Jufliccs as aforesaid:* Be it further ebacted, That m every case where the Production of the Party from whom any Goods or Things have been bought or received would at present be sufficient to exempt any Perfon from being adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor under the said At, by reason of any such Goods or Things being found in any way in his or her PofTeflion, such Produ&ion shall not be deemed sufficient to exempt such Perfon from being adjudged guilty as aforesaid, unless the Account so given of the manner of his or her coming by such Goods or Things shall upon a full Inveftigatioa be satisfactory to such Juftice or Justices ; and if any Perfon on bcirg so produced shall declare himself or herself to have bought, received or otherwise obtained such Goods of some other Perfon, such Juflice or Justices are hereby authorized and required to examine every such other Perfon, and also every other prior Purchafer or pretended Pur. chafer; and if upon the whole of the Evidence it shall appear to the Satisfadlion of such Juftice or Justices, that the Party so informed againll or fufpc&ed did, at the time of his or her receiving such Goods or Things into his or her PofTeflion, believe or had reafonaV.e Caufe to believe that the fame were at any time and by any Perfon unlawfully come by or obtained, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Juftice or Justices to adjudge such Party to be guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and such Party so convicted shall thereupon suffer as hereinafter mentioned.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of every Offence hereinbefore declared to be a Mifdemeanor, or for which no fpecwl pecuniary Penalty is hereinbefore appointed, the Offender shall forfeit • and pay at the Difcretion of One or more of the said Justices appointed as aforesaid, or of any other Juftice or Justices before whom any Convidlion shall from time to time take place within their respective Jurifdidlions, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, or shall suffer Imprifonment for any time not exceeding Eight Weeks; and One Moiety of every such Forfeiture or Penalty fhaU be paid to such Receiver as aforesaid for the Purpofes of this A&, and the other Moiety thereof, under the Direction of the Juftice or Justices by whom the fame shall have been levied, shall either be paid and applied to the Ufe of the Informer alone, or be diftributedbetween or amongst such Perfons as shall have contributed to the Convidlion of the Offender, ia such Shares and Proportions as such Juftice or Justices in their Dif-. cretion shall think fit.



XXIX. Aod



*

II

A.D.i8i4‘	. 54 GEO. III.	C. 187.	969

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That in every case in which OfFcnceshow Complaint shall be made or Information given of any Offence by this trlcd-Adi declared to be a Mifdemeanor, or for which any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture is hereinbefore appointed with or without Im-prifonment, in addition thereto or in lieu thereof, the Matter of such Complaint or Information, if the Offence shall have been committed * or the Offender apprehended within the Limits aforesaid, shall or may be heard and determined, either by the said Juffices to be appointed as aforesaid, or either of them, or by any other Juftice or Juffices adding in and for the County or other Place of separate Jurifdi&ion within which the Offence shall have been committed or the Offender apprehended ; and if any such Offence shall have been committed or the Offender apprehended within the Jurifdi&ion of the City of London, then the Matter of such Complaint or Information shall and may be heard and determined by the Lord Mayor, Recorder, or One of the Aldermen of the said City and not elsewhere ; and ever)'

Convi&ion thereupon had, shall be certified, filed and entered in such manner as is directed in and by the said A& of the Second Year of His Majcfty’s Reign, with respect to Convi&ions under that A&, 1G.3. c.»8. and may also be drawn up in such Form and Manner as is appointed § in and by the said A& ; and neither such Convi&ion, or any Proceeding previous thereto, shall be removed by Certiorari or other- Certiorari, twife into any Court of Record, but such Convi&ion shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

* XXX. And Whereas the Punifhments for Mifdemeanors pro- aG. 3. c. a8.

*	vided in and by the said A& of the Second Year of His present § to.

*	Majefty’s Reign have been found inefficient for the preventing of

*	fuch Offences ;* Be it enacted, That every Perfon who shall be Mifdemeanors guilty of any of the several Offences respectively made and declared to how punished. be Mifdemeanors in and by the said A&, shall and may be puniihed

at the Difcretion of the Juffice or Juffices by or before whom the said Offender shall be convicted, either with the Puniffiment appointed in and by the said A&, or by such other Puniffiment or Punilhments , as is and are hereby appointed for and in cases of Offences declared to be Mifdemeanors in and by this present A&.

‘ XXXI. And Whereas in and by the said last mentioned A&, * 0.3. c.o$.

*	Perfons guilty of certain Offences are punishable by Tranfportation § 12.

4 for Fourteen Years, but the said Offences not being by the faid

*	A& declared to be Felony, the Trial thereof may in all cases be 4 put off by means of a Traverfe to the next Seflions after the '• Finding of the Bill of Indi&ment for the fame, and the Offender

*	be in the mean time liberated, on being admitted to Bail, whereby 4 Juftice has been in many Inftances eluded For remedy thereof,

be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this A&, pica(j;ng t0 whenever any Indi&ment shall be found again ft any Perfon or Per- indictments, fons for the laid Offences, or any of them, the Perfon or Perfons (o indicted shall plead to the fame Indi&ment without having time to traVerfe the fame, as is usual in cases of Mifdemeanors.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing jurifdiaion for herein contained shall extend to authorize or empower the said Juffices determining or any other Juftice or Juffices, except the Lord Mayor, Aldermen Deputes about and Recorder of the City of London for the time being, or some or One of them, to hear and determine any such Differences, Com- xbamea, &T. °* plaints or Disputes, as shall or may arise for of in respect of any

Employment  Goode

9 T

Provifo for Rights of City of London.

Provifo for Application of Penalties incurred under 39 G.3. c. lxix.

Provifo for Right* of Trinity Brethren, dec.

Clatife', &<• of c.37. aute.

G187.	54°GEO.IIL	A.D.1S14.

Employment or Work done within the said City of London, or the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, or on board of any Ship, Hoy, Barge, Ligliter, Boat or other Veffel, lying or being on the North Side of the said River Thame** between the Tower of London and the Weftern Extremity of the Temple adjoining EJfex Street in the County of .  Middlesex.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Ad shall extend to deprive the Lord Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London* of any Right, Privilege or Junfdidion heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised or enjoyed, within the Town and Borough of Southwark, or the Liberties thereof, or to prevent the said Lord Mayor for the time being, or the Aldermen of the said City for the time being, and the Recorder of the said City for the time being, from acting as Justices of the Peace within the said Town and Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties thereof, in such and the like manner as they could or might have done in case this Ad had not been made ; nor to deprive the Lord Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, of any Right, Privilege, Immunity or Junfdidion, which they hart heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised or enjoyed upon the River Thame** or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being is Confervator of the said River ; nor to prevent the said Lord Mayor for the time being, and the Aldermen and Recorder of the said City, from acting as Justices of the Peace upon the said River, or taking Cognizance of Offences committed upon or within the Limits of the fame, in such manner as they might or would have done, in case this Ad had not been made.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, Th2t nothing in the said several recited Ads or this Ad contained, (hail extend to alter or vary the Application of any Penalty or Forfeiture to be incurred, iuflided, paid or levied, for any Offence or Offences which shall be committed against an Ad passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for tendering more commodiou* and for better regulating the Port of London, or against any other Ad or Ads made for altering, amending or enlarging the Powers of the said lad mentioned Ad; but that the said Penalties and Forfeitures respectively when received shall be applied as directed in and by the said Ad passed in the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, in the fame manner in every respect as if the (aid several recited Ads and this Ad had not been made.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from any of the Rights, Privileges or Authorities of the Mafter, Warden and Affiftants of the Guild, Fraternity or Brotherhood, of the Moll Glorious and Undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement, in the Parifh of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted. That all the Claufes and Pro-vifoes mentioned and contained in the (aid recited Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign touching and concerning the Prohibition relative to the taking of Fees to the Ufe of Individuals, the Incapacity of the Justices with regard to their fitting in Parliament, and the Reftridions and Penalties imposed on the Justices, Receiver and Constables, with regard to their interfering in Parliamentary Eledions, and also all the Claufes and .Provifoe*

mentioned





AD'i8i4‘	54*GE0.I1I.	0.187,188,189.	97r

mentioned and contained in the said A ft of the Second Year of the and Reign of Hi# present Majesty, respecting the searching and detaining 1 (J.3. c.a8. of Boats on the said River, or the feizmg and detaining of Goods exteuded to Adh suspected to be stolen, and the Perfons Tufpeded to be guilty of Resding the fame, and the Mode of Proceeding with respect thereto, and respecting the Difcovery, Apprehenfion and Punifhment of Offenders, and respecting the obftruding the Execution of the said Ad, and respecting the commencing or prosecuting of A&ions against Justices or their Officers, shall be deemed, construed and taken to be, and the fame are hereby declared to extend to, and to be Parts of this Ad, as if the fame were herein specially repeated Power of and re-enacted; and that all Justices to be from time to time ap-	«cc.

pointed under and by virtue of this Ad, and all Conftables and Surveyors to be from time to time appointed by the said Justices,

shall have all such Powers, Privileges and Protedions in all respects whatsoever, in the Execution of the said last mentioned Ad, as any Juftice, Conliable, or other Officers or Perfons could or might , by Law have under the said Ad.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be Public Aft. deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and other Perfons whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be Continuance of and continue in force, from the pafling thereof, until the First Day Ad.

pf June in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and until the Expiratipn of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CLXXXVm.

An Aft for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain: and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds British Currency for the Service of Ireland.	[30th July 1814.]

44 TREASURY to cause Exchequer Bills for *£3,000,000. to be 44 rfiade out in manner directed by 48 G. 3. c. I. — § 1, 2. Ex-44 chequer Bills chargeable on the First Supplies, $ 3. Exchequer 44 Bills to bear an Intereft not exceeding $\d.per Cent per Diem, § 4. 44 Exchequer Bills to be taken in Payment at the Exchequer after 44 April 5.1815, § 5- Bank may advance *£3,000,000. on Credit of ** Ad, notwithstanding 5 8c 6W. & M. c. 20. — j 6.	*£200,000.

u out of Supplies granted for Ireland, § 7.

CAP. CLXXXIX.

An Aft to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Difembodied Militia in Great Bri-tain% and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and for granting Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Surgeons9 Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.	[30th July 1814.]

4 TXT HE REAS it is necessary that Provifion should be made for 4 VV defraying the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent 4 Expences of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Cornwall

k

A.D.\8i4>

97*

Secretary at War 10 ifTue Money require < for Pay of Regular Militia.

Rates of Pay.

Contingent

Expences.

Clothing.

C. 189-	'	540 GEO. III.

4 and Devon when disembodied), in Great Britain, from the Twenty

•	fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, to 4 the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and

•	fifteen ; and also for making Allowances of Reduced Pay, in cer-

•	tain-cases, to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons’ Mates of the Reg alar

•	Militia and Miners of Devon and Cornwall in Great Britain, whik

•	difembodied 5 and also Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant

•	Majors of the Regular Militia, who have been or may be reduced;

•	and to Adjutants and Surgeons, after long Service:’ Be it there-fore enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and whb the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Secretary at War for the time being mar and shall, and he is hereby anthorifed, empowered and required to cause to be ifTued and paid, the whole Sum required for the Regubff Militia of Great Britain (when difembodied), in the manner and for the several Ufes hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, for th* Pay of the said Regular Militia at the Rates following ; that is to fay.

For each Adjutant, Eight Shillings per Diem :

For each Paymafter, in Corps confining of Three Companies, aa2 upwards, Six Shillings per Diem :

For each Paymailer, in Corps confiding of Two Companies, Five Shillings per Diem :

For each Paymafter, in Corps confiding of One Company, Four Shillings per Diem :

For each Surgeon, Six Shillings per Diem :

For each Quarter Mafter, where One is appointed in Corps at aa Eftabliftiment exceeding Three hundred and sixty Private Men, Five 'Shillings per Diem :

For each Seijeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Pro-vifional Battalion of Militia, Two Shillings and Six pence per Diem : For each Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps confitl-ing of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Ten pence per Diem :

For each Serjeant, having been a Colour Seijeant in One of the Frovifional Battalions of Militia, Two Shillings per Diem :

For each Serjeant, One Shilling and Six pence per Diem :

For each Corporal, One Shilling and Two pence per Diem :

For each Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps con-fifting of Three or more Companies, One Shilling and Six pence per Diem :

For each Drummer, One Shilling per Diem :

And also at the Rate of Three pence a Man for each Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment :

And also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when difera-bodied), at the Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten pence for each Serjeant Major; Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight pence for each Serjeant 5 Two Pounds One Shilling and Tea pence for each Corporal; Four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven pence for each Drum Major : Three Pounds Five Shillings and Two pence for each Drummer ; and Two Pounds One Shilling and



A.D.i8i4*

S43 GEO. m*

C.I89.

973

Four pence for each Private Man 5 and that such Seijeant Majors*

Drum Majors, Seijeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on constant Pay, and resident at Head Quarters, shall be clothed once in Two Years 2

Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall Rates be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or	°n

Drummer shall, during such Abfence, receive Pay at the following u °U*

Rates, instead of those above mentioned ; that is to fay.

Every Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provifional Battalion of the Militia, Two Shillings Diem :

For every Serjeant having been a Colour Serjeant in any Pro. vifional Battalion of the Militia, One Shilling and Six pence per Diem :

For every Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps confiding of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Four pence per Diem :

For every other Serjeant, the Sum of One Shilling per Diem :	*

For every Corporal, the Sum of Eight pence per Diem :

For every Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps confiding of Three or more Companies, the Sum of One Shilling per Diem : And,

For every Drummer, the Sum of Six pence per Diem respectively, and no more:

And it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War, to cause any such pay ittaed Fou^ Pay to be from time to time issued in Advance, for any Period Month* in not exceeding Four Months, for the time for which such Advances Advance.

shall be made : Provided always, that every Paymaster, Surgeon and Quarter Mailer of Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall be con-llantly resident within the City, Town or Place where the Arms of the Corps to which such Officers belong, are kept; and the said Refidence of Officers shall be subject to the fame Rules in respect to Refidence or certain Officers occasional Abfence, as the Adjutants of disembodied Militia are by ^bere Arms of Law liable to: Provided always, that every such Adjutant, Pay- °rp p master, Surgeon and Quarter Matter shall forfeit his pay for any Penalty. 1 Period during which he shall be absent without the Leave of the Colonel or Commandant of his Corps.

II. And be it further enacted. That the Quarter Mafter of each Quarter Made* Regiment of Militia in which a Quarter Mailer is appointed, and &c to have when no Quarter Mafter is appointed, then the Paymafter shall have ^ of the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats,

Clothing, Neceflaries and other Stores, under the Superintendance of the Colonel or Commandant; and the Paymafter shall, out of Paymafter to the Allowance of Three pence per Month for each Private Man and issue Money for Drummer directed by this Ati to be issued and paid for defraying c°"li"/*ntQ the contingent Expences of such Regiment, from time to time issue JjJJ^by1 * and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Colonel.

Arms and other usual contingent Expences upon an Order in Writing Signed by the Colonel or other Commandant; and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid, he shall Three times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, /hewing the Balance remaining in his Hands, which said Balance shall form a Balance to form Stock Purfe for the Ufe of the Regiment, and transmit the fame to Stock Purfe. the Colonel ot other Commandant of such Regiment, to be by him *	-	examined*



974

A.D. 1814.

In nhfenre of Adjutant, Ser-je.nits, &c. uiv.er Command ot Qinr.er Mailer.

Militia when call'd out for Training, &c. •mitled to Pay.

Allowances to Subalterns and Surgeons* Mates.

Erovifo.

Exceptions*

•

Oath taken to entitle to AU lewances.

C. 185.	54*	GEO.	in-

examined, allowed and signed; and the (aid Accounts so allowed and (igned, shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Paymaster, for the Application and Difpofai

of such Money.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in the occasional and un-avoidable Abfence of the Adjutant from the City, Town or Place, where the Arms of any Corps of Militia when disembodied air kept, or during any Vacancy in the Appointment of Adjutant, the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, shall be under the Command ot the Quarter Mailer in cases in which One is appointed, and when no Quarter Mailer is appointed, then under the Command of the Pay. mailer; and such Quarter Mailer and Paymafter refpedfively (hail render the fame Returns and perform such other A&s as are by Law required from the Adjutant.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Non Com-miffioned Officers and Private Men of the Regular Militia, shall for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Purpofl* of annual Exercife or Training, or when called out for fup-preffing Riots or Tumults, be entitled to the Came Pay and Allow-ances as the Officers and Men of the Militia when embodied.

* V. And Whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to certain

*	Officers of the said Militia Forces of Great Britain while difem-

*	bodied, under certain Regulations Be it further ena6led. That the following Allowances over and above the Pay to which they are entitled during the time of annual Exercife, or when called out for the Suppreffion of Riots or Tumults, shall Ire made and paid, to the Amount, under the Reftri&ions, and in the manner hereinafter ex-pressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon’s Mate now bearing a Commiffion and fenring in the Militia of Great Britain, who shall continue faithfully to serve until the difembodying thereof; that is to fay,

To a Lieutenant, Two Shillings and Six pence per Diem :

To an Ensign, Two Shillingsper Diem t And,

To a Surgeon’s Mate, Two Shillings and Six pence per Diem : Provided always, that all such Officers of the Militia as are now (erring with tire Rank of Captain Lieutenant, shall be deemed to be Lieutenants for the Purpofes of this A&.

VI.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Perfoo who is or shall during the Continuance of this A& become pofFefled of such an Eftate or Income as would by Law qualify him to bold the Commiffion of Captain of a Company in the said Militia, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant or Surgeon in any Regiment of Militia, nor any Perfon deriving in any way whatsoever, otherwise than as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon’s Mate of the MJitia, any Income, Stipend or Allowance whatever from the Public, nor any Officer on Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, who shall also hold the Commiffion of a Subaltern or Surgeon's Mate is the Militia, shall have or be in any way entitled to the (aid Allowances or any Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates of the Militia who,shall claim under the Authority of this A6t to receive any Part of the laid Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the fame, and ip order to entitle thcm£elves there**

tail



97 S

A*D« 1814.	54°	GEO.	HI.	C*i8p«

take and subscribe an Oath before some One of His Majefty’s J a ft ices of the Peace for the County to which the Regiment in which they serve shall belong, in the Words, or to the Effeft following 1 videlicet)

*	T A*B. do swear. That I belonged to the

*	of Militia when the fame was disembodied, and that I have con-

*	tinued to serve therein from that time until the

*	Day of	inclusive, as a Lieutenant, Enfign or Surgeon’s

*	Mate (as the case may Be), and that I was not in my own Right 4 or in Right of my Wife during the said Period in the aftual

*	Pofleflion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of

* Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of such an annual Value

* above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a Comraiflion of

*	Captain of a Company in the Militia; that I have not during the

*	above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant or Surgeon in any

€ Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, that I did not hold or 4 enjoy, nor did any Perfon for me hold or enjoy during the said 4 Period any Office or Income whatsoever from the Public, except 4 my Pay as	for	the	Period	of the Corps

4 having assembled to be trained and exercised, and that I was not 4 entitled during the said Period either to the Full or Half Pay of 4 the Navy, Army or Marines.	So	help me GOD.’

Which Oath so taken and subscribed shall be by the said Juft ice Oath certified, forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to &c» certify and transmit the fame to the Paymafter of the Regiment of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon’s Mate shall be then serving.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That every Subaltern Officer Subalterns and and Surgeon’s Mate of the Militia who shall be entitled or claim to Surgeons’Mates be entitled to the Benefits of this Aft, shall regularly attend the to attend an-annual Exercife and Training of the Regiment to which he belongs, Extfcife> during the whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, or during the Period of being called out for suppressing Riots or Tumults, and shall during the said time punftuadly do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon’s Mate of such Regiment, on Pain of forfeiting the said Allowance as well as the Reft of Penalty, his Pay, and every Part thereof, which may be due for the current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend, and Certificates Certificate, of his having so attended and performed his Duty ftgned by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which he may belong, shall be furnished by the said Commanding Officer to the Paymafter of the Regiment of Militia to which the Officer shall belong : Provided Commanding always, that in case any such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon’s Mate Officer may claiming to be entitled to such Allowance shall by his Commanding	**

Officer be permitted or suffered for any special Caufe or unavoidable Neceffity to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such annual Exercife, for which Purpole it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Abfence, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon’s Mate who	•

may be so permitted to be absent and have such Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowance and every Part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the whole of the said annual Exercife s Provided always, that the Reafons for such Ab- Pro*?*

»	fence





If Regiment not called out beiore Day fixed for Halt yearly L*ay« menr, Allowance paid on taking Oath before Jultice, without Certificate of Attendance.

When Pay-mafie* s to pay Allowances.

Certificate produced.

On Neglect of Attendance of Subaltern, ice. certified by Colonel, Scc.

Claim to Alio* ance forfeited.

Allowance not paid while Militia ia embodied.

C 189.	^4* GEO. III.	A.D.tB	14-

fence as well as the Duration thereof fhaB he carefully and truly specified in Certificates (in lieu of those before mentioned), to bo signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be furniihed as soon ms conveniently may be to the Paymafter of the Regiment wherein such Subaltern or Surgeon’s Mate shall be ferring.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any

Regiment of Militia after the difembodying thereof, and before the respective Days hereinafter fixed for the Half-yearly Payment of the said Allowances, shall not be called out for the annual Exercife and Training thereof, or for the Suppreflion of Riots or Tumults, every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon’s Mate belonging to auy such Regiment and coming within the Description of this Aft, who shall have taken and fubferibed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned before acy such Juflice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the find Allowance as if such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon’s Mate had regularly attended the annual Exercife and Trainiug of such Regiment during the whole of the time by Law appointed for that Pur. pose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment had been furnished to the Paymafter of the Regiment.	<

X.	And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificates ai aforesaid, of^fuch Juflice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not have been called out to their annual Exercife as aforesaid, upon a Certificate of any such Juflice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Paymasters, it shall be lawful for such Paymafter! sad they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Surgeon’s Mates according to their respective Com-miffions of Lieutenant, Enfign or Surgeon’s Mate, in addition to their Pay for the time of Training and Exercife, the Allowance above mentioned for Six Months or other proper Period on the Twenty fourth Day of December next, and the other proper Proportion of the fame, on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, without any Deduftion what-soever; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preferred and produced among the Vouchees for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Aft.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons’ Mates of the Militia entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Aft shall at all times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments to which they belong, whenever the fame shall be embodied and called out upon actual Service, and in case of Negleft or Refufal to attend when called upon at such Times or for such Occafions as may be required of them in purfuatoce of the Laws now in force respecting the Militia when disembodied, each and every such Subaltern Officer and Surgeon’s Mate shall on fiach Negleft or Refufal being certified to the Lord Lieutenant and Pay-, matter, by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment to which such Subaltern or Surgeon’s Mate shall belong, forfeit hk-Claims to the said Allowance, and every Part thereof, and shall life be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commiffion to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

XII.	And be it further enacted, ‘JHurt nothing^ in this Aft coo. tained shall extend or be construed to extend to entitle, any Subaltern

Officer

C^ooQle

977

A»D» 1814.	54*	GEO.	III.	C. 189.

Officer or Surgeon’s Mate as aforesaid to the said Allowance or any Part thereof, during the time the Militia to which he belongs shall be embodied or ordered out on actual Service.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Perfon being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majefty’s Foroes, or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Subfiftence Money by this Aft directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quarter Mafters, Surgeons and Surgeons* Mates, when assembled for annual Training, or for the Suppref-fion of Riots or Tumults 5 and the receiving and taking any such Subfiftence Money by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Enlign, Adjutant, Quarter Mafter, Surgeon or Surgeon’s Mate, shall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay, so as in any manner to prevent such Perfon on Half Pay or being entitled to any such Allowance from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance; and such Perfon shall take the following Oath before some Juftice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the fame:

4 J A* B. do swear, I had not between the

4 and the	any	Place	or	Employment	of	Pro-

4 fit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance 4 of Half Pay as a Reduced	in	His Majefty*a

4 Navy, [or, in the Marines, or, in	late Regiment

4 of	], or Allowance as in

4 late Troop of Horse Guards, or [	Regiment of

4 Horfe] reduced, save and except my Subfiftence as a Field Officer, 4 Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Paymafter or Quarter 4 Mafter, Surgeon or Surgeon’s Mate, [at the case may be~\ for ferv-4 ing in the Militia of the County of	.*

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Perfon to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Non Commiflioned Officer or Private Man in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea Penfions or Allowance, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the fame by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Reg ilar Militia, when assembled for Training, or when called out for the Suppreffion of Riots or Tumults.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment of Regular Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money in Addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, for the Expence of necessary Medicines for the Sick Non Commiflioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of such Regiment during the Period or Periods of Aflembly for annual Exercife or Training ; and also an Allowance of Six pence per Month for each of the Non Cora-miffioned Officers and Drummers of each Regiment on constant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commiflioned Officers and Drummers in constant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment is not called out for

54 Geo. III.	3	R	an^uajl

Perfon* being on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served in Arrny or Navy, empowered, if fenring in Militia, to receive Suhfitt-ence Money hereby directed to he paid, on taking following

Oatlv

Non Commif* Honed Officer*, fee* not to lose Right to Chelfao. Penfions, See.

Allowance to Surgeons for

Medicines in Addition to Pay,

A.D. i8i4*

97®

Adjvitanti, after Service of 30 Years and unfit Cor Service, to receive an Allowance.

Pfovifow

Provifo. t

Surgeons, after Seiviceof^o Years and unfit for Service,to receive 38. per lUj.

Provifo.

Reduced Adjutant to leceive 4«. per Day.

Provifo.

19 *40 3-F A 44.

C. 189.	54"	GEO-Ilf.

annual Training and Exercife, or fot the Suppreffios of Riots and Tumults.

XVI.	And bo it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of June One thou land eight hundred and fourteen, every Adjutant of Regular Militia who shall hare served faithfully, either in His Majefty’s Regular Foroes, or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Paymafter of the Regiment a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, b« entitled to receive, and the Paymafter aforesaid shall be and is hereby authoriaed to pay to such Perfon producing such Certificate ai aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Dint: Provided always, that no Perfon shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall have served for a less Term thaa Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty; Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lole any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Surgeon of Regu* lar Militia, having faithfully served in the Militia for the full Tens of Thirty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for fur. ther Service, he shall, on producing to the Paymafter of the Regiment a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforefad. From the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the said Paymafter h$ and he is hereby authorised and required to pay to such Perfon pro* ducing such Certificate as aforesaid, and Allowance at the Rate of Three Shillings per Diem : Provided always, that no Perfon shall bn entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who lhali hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under Hi* Majesty ; but no Perfon receiving such Allowance, shall, by rtafoi thereof, forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which be may be entitled.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That hi case any Regiment of Militia shall have already ceased and determined, or been reduced in its Eilablifiiment, or shall ccafe and determine, or be reduced ia its Eftahliftiment during the Continuance of this Aft, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Perfon as ha» actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment from the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or from the time such Regiment shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Eftabli/hmeDt, as the case may be, to the Twenty fourth Day of June One thon-fand eight hundred and fifteen : Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by neafoa of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled toreceivs such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

* XIX. And Whereas it is expedient, that an Aftpaffed in tb*

« Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His preient Majesty,

• intituled An A3 for granting* until the Twnty fflh Day of March

• 0*

CjOOQle

A.D. i8i4*

GEO. UL

C. i8i>

>70

*	One thousand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances to Adjutants

*	and Serjeant Majors of Militia, disembodied under an Aft of this*

4 Sejfion of Parliament, intituled An Aft for enabling His Majesty to 1 accept the Services of an additional Number of Vdun teen from the

4 Militia under certain Rcjlriftions ; which has been revived and con-

tinued, by several subsequent Afts until the Twenty iifth Day of 4 March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, should be again 4 revived and further continued, so far as the fame relates to Adju-

*	tants and Serjeant Majors;* Be it therefore enacted, That the said revived and con* recited Aft and the Allowances therein granted and mentioned, to tinued till March Adjutants and Serjeant Majors and all the Provifions relating thereto, 2*» l?lkioK*?.r shall be revived from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thou- ^tsjlcc.5 sand eight hundred and fourteen, and be further continued until the

Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, fft far as the fame relates to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors; and that all such and the like Allowances as would have been payable and paid unto any Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, if the said Act and Allowances had been continued by any Aft of Parliament before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be payable and paid, and all Arrears thereof fully satisfied, in like manner in every respect as if this Aft had pafFed before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant. Reduced Adjur entitled to any Allowance under the said Aft of the Thirty ninth and tam* nmy take Fortieth Year aforesaid, as revived and continued by this Aft, may Allowanccf receive and take such Allowance together with the Pay of any fuch	lie ^Allowance

Commiflion or Half Pay, or any such other Allowance or Emolu- towhich entitled, ment as is allowed to be held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, together witn any Pay or Allowance to which he may be entitled as such Adjutant:

Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Aft during the time he shall hold any Place of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Ma^efly, other than such as aforesaid.

XXL And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money Money for granted for the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expences for the and Clothing, Regular Militki when disembodied as aforesaid, shall be issued and &c* ,,ru.ed undef paid under the Direftion of the Secretary at War, who is hereby ^‘^ar^at empowered to issue such Regulations as he may deem it expedient to \ydr y adopt irom time to time in that Behalf, and to authorize, empower and require the Agent General of the disembodied Militia to make such Payments accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted, Tnat in every County in Eng~ ReceiverOcne* land where the Regular Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver or 1 Receivers General of the Land Tax for such County respectively, ^ l<> P»y Aland in every County in Scotland where the Regular Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver General for Scotland shall issue and pay the ra) and Subdivi-wjiole Sum# required for the respective Allowances to the Clerks lion Meetings, of the General Meetings and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in England, at the Rates following ; that is to fay, to the Clerk	Al-

of the General Meetings at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting, and to the several Clerks of the Subdivifion Meet-

3 R 2



9*o	,C..i89*	54° GEO.III.	Jk.D.i8i4-

ings at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting, and such further Allowance shall be made to such respective General and Subdivifion Clerks for their Expences and Trouble in amending the Returns of Perfons returned liable to serve in the Regular Militia, by taking out the Names of all Perfous who may appeal and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inferring the Names of any Perfons that shall have been omitted to be inserted, and in numbering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Ballot after the Rate of One Pound Fifteen Shillings for every One thousand Names of Perfons returned liable to serve, and also for the actual Expenccs incurred by such respective Clerks, and for Printing and Stationery used for the Purpofes of this Aft, as to the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Counties shall appear reasonable and proper, and in case the Orders made by the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants for the Payment of such further Allowances as aforesaid shall be confirmed at a General Meeting, confiding of not less than Five Deputy Lieutenants, but not otherwise.

How Payment XXIII. And be it further eoacted, That the Receivers General ^H°WTS tU *n England shall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allow* s *** c* ance at the Rate of Five Pounds and Five Shillings for each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore dirested, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Pur-pofe from His Majelty’s Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Liente-nants afTembled at some General Meeting or Meetings, and Ihsli also pay to each and every of the Clerks of the Subdivifion Meetings their several Allowances at the Rate of One Pound and One Shilling for each Meeting, or frch further Allowance as may be made as hereiuhefore dirested, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from one or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants afTembled in the several Subdivifion Meetings, which (aid Order or Orders, specifying the Day or Days of Meeting, at what Place or Places, and for what Purpofe or Purpofes the said General and Subdivifion Meeting or Meetings have been afTembled and held, together with the Clerk’s Receipt or Receipts for the Sum To claimed, t	fhall be to the Receivers General in England respectively, a fufficient

Difcharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in their Accounts; and that the several Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivifion Meetings for thei- Trouble and Expcacts in the Execution of this Aft in Scotland, shall be paid and defrayed in the fame manner iu which Schoolmaliers, Conftables and other Per-G. 3. c. 91- fons employed in the Execution of an Aft palled in the Forty second § a71.	Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Jtm A& to raifi

and fjlabhjh a Militia Force in Scotland, are directed to be paid for their Trouble and Expences.

Bills drawn for XXIV. And he it further enacted, That all B3b» Drafts and Pay, i«c. on on- Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Regular Militia when damped Paper, disembodied under this Aft, may he or fh *11 be drawn upon undamped Paper, and no such Bill, Draft br Order shall be void by reason of being drawn or written on undamped Paper.

No Fee taken. XXV. Provided always, and be it en&sted, That no Fee or Gn?

tuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of icy Warrant or Sum of Money wbi^h shall be ifsped, in rebtiou to or iu pursuance of this Aft.



XXVI. And

A»X)« i

54e GEO. III.

C. 18^ 190.’

981

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Direc- Premiums of tions, Clauses, Matters and Things in this Aft contained} relating Afct rel ,t,n5t* to Counties and to Regiments of Militia respectively, shall extend

and be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities ° ums** and Places, and to all Battalions, gorps and Independent Companies respectively, and to the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon% as fully and effectually as if they were respectively and severally repeated, in every such Provision, Dircftion, Clause, and with relation to every such Matter or Thing.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That this Aft shall continue Continuance of in force until the Twenty fifth Day of Jum One thousand eight hun- Act.

dred and fifteen.

;	CAP.	CXC.

An Aft for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Aft of this Seffion of Parliament, for granting tp His Majesty a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England; and an Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the . Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight.

[23d July 1814.]

€ TT 7 HE REAS by an Aft made in this present Seflion of Parlia- c. a. antt.

*	W ment, intituled An Aft for continuing to Hu Majesty certain

*	Dirties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain ; and 1 on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal EJlates in England, for the Service 4 of the Tear One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, it was enacted,

€, that all and every the Perfons who in and by certain Afts therein

*	mentioned, made in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of the § 19.

€ Reign of His present Majesty, were named and appointed Com-

*	miffioners (duly qualifying themfelves) for putting the several Aft»

*	therein specified into Execution within the several Counties, Rid-4 ings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divifions and Places 1 of England* Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweedy should be 4 Commissioners for putting the said Aft into Execution, so far as th«

4 fame relates to the Duty on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Estates,

4 unless before the Day therein appointed for the First Meeting of

*	the Commissioners for putting the said Aft into Execution, £0 far

*	as the fame relates to the Duties on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal

*	Estates, some Aft or Afts of Parliament should be made for nam*

4 ing and appointing special Commissioners for putting the said Aft 4 into Execution, so far as the fame relates to the Duties on Penfions,

4 Offices and Perfonal Estates: And Whereas it is expedient that 1 other Commissioners should be appointed for putting into Execution

4 an Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His pre- 38 G.j. t-i*

4 sent Majesty, intituled An Aft for granting an Aid to His Majesty 4 by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of 4 the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; of which

*	Aft certain Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things were

*	continued for ever by an Aft made in the fame Year, intituled An 3^ G. 3- c-6°* 4 Aft for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Pur chafe in the

*	Manner therein fiatedy the several Sums of Money now cLa>ged in

£ R 3	*	Great





9*»

C. 190.

5**GE0.Hk

A.D.ifft4v

CommiflToner.

•ppointed.

C a. ante.

$SG.j.c.5.

$8 G.3. c. 60.

CommifTioners appointed lor BcotUnd.

3VG.3. cc 5-

60.

Qualifications lame as required by 38 G.3. c.j.

58 G» 3. C. 48.

Perfons in Cities, See. having Qualification

* Great Britain at A Land Tax, for One Tear9 frbm the Twenty € J*ftk Day of March One thoufand/even hundred and ninety eight May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every the Perfons hereafter named and mentioned ; that is to fay,

[.Here follow the Names of the Commissioners for England and Wales. J Being first duly qualified to act as Commissioners of the Land Tax* in manner herein directed, fhali be and are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting into Execution the said recited Adl made in this Sefiion of Parliament, so far as the fame relates to the Duties on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Estates, and also such of the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things, contained in the said recited Adi made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A ft for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, as are continued for ever by the said recited Adi made in the fame Year within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places respectively, in that Part of Great Britain, called England and Wales> and the Town of Berwick ufo9 Tweed.

II.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every the Perfon and Perfons hereafter named and mentioned;

that is to fay,

[Here follow the Names of the Commtffioners for Scotland.]

Being duly qualified to act as Commissioners of the Land Tax, /ball be and they are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting into Execution such of the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things of the said recited Adl made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are continued for ever by the said recited Adl of the fame Year, within the several Shires, Stewart ries and Places respectively, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority afore-* said, That the several and respective Berfons hereby appointed Com-miffioners fhali have such and the fame Qualifications, as are required by the said recited Adl made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An ABfor granting an Aid to His

by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand frven hundred and ninety eight; and also of an Adt made in the fame Sefiion of Parliament, intituled Am Ad to alter and amend so much of an Ad passed in this present Sejfion of Par-liar,tent, intituled An Ad for granting an Aia to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners ; and fhali be subject to the several Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Adis refpec-tively.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That where m any City, Liberty or Place, the Qualification of a Ccftnmifiioner to ad

therein.





A. D, 18*4*

54* GEO- IUj

C. i$o*‘

therein, shall consist of Perfonal Estate, it shall be lawful for any may aft as Perfon having a Perfonal Eftate of the Value required by the said C°rtirr,illioner* or either of them, to act as such Commiffioner in all cases where such Perfon shall have been taxed, and shall have paid for such "Perfonal Eftate by and upon the last AflefTment then made for such City, Liberty or Place, by virtue of any A&, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal E dates in England, pasted before the making of such AfTeffment; any) thing in the said A&s or either of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided also, fhat all Perfons who shall a& as Juflices mn- vft Judices of the Peace of or for any County, Riding, Shire or Stew- as Comm»fIion-artry in Great Britain, being duly qualified as aforesaid, may a<d as *rs lh°U8h not such Commissioners, although not specially named in this A<&.	- *,ecu * name ’

3 R i

LOCAL



54' GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1814V

P®4

C.L1L

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N*B.— The Continuance offuch of the following ASs at areTemporary will be known ( where it is not expressly fated) by refer-ring to the following Lilly according to the corre/pondlnz Letter at the end of the Title.

(j) For 21 Tearsy &c. [i. e. to the End of the next SeJJion\from a Day named in the A3*

(b) For 21 Tearty &c. from thepafftng of the A3.

(r) For 21 Tears , &c. after the End of the Term under former A3s*

All A8s in this Lijly not dijlinguijhed by the Letters (q.P.) are Public Acts $ to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following :

u And be it further enabled, That this Aft shall be defined “ and taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken u Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without ** being specially pleaded.”

(q. P*) Quafi Public Afts, i. e. ABs to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following :

“ And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be printed u by the several Printers to The King's Moft Excellent Majesty, t€ duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, “ and a Copy thereof so printed by any of them, shall be ad-t€ mitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jufticos and others.”

Cap. i.

38 <5.3* e. si.	An Aft to continue and amend Two Afts of the Thirty eighth and

43 g»3* c.iii.	Forty third Years of His present Majesty, for more effectually

repairing that Part of the Roads from Manchefer to Roehdaliy Bury and Radcljffe Bridge, all in the County Palatine of Lon-cajlery which is called The Manchefler DifriB; and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith. (b)	[6th	December	1813.]

Cap. ii.

©. 3.17j.	An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His pre-

fent Majessy, for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Chejbuuty in the County of Hertford. (q. P.)	[6th December	1813.]

Cap

Cap. iii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His n G.3, prefen t Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Colling- 3^0.3.* bam% through Wetherby, to the City of Tori, (r)

[loth December 1813.]

[.AdditionalTrufiees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]	v

Cap. iv.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His pre- 12 g. 3. sent Majesty, tor repairing the Road from the West End of Saint 33 G.3. Ives Laney m the Town of Saint Neots in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge. (c)	[14th	December	1813.]

[Ten Additional Trufiees may be appointed. Tolls may be raised or increased according to Table or Rate herein mentioned. Tolls may be lejfened or reduced, and raised again to Tolls rejpelively hereby granted

Cap. v. .. ...

An Ad for the Improvement of Bryanjlon Square, in the Parifh of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Miadlefex.

[17th December 1813.}

Cap. vi.

An Ad for the Improvement of Dorset Square, in the Parifli of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of .  Middlesex.

[17th December 1813.]

Cap. vii.

An Ad for the Improvement of Montagu Square, in the Parilh of Saint Mary le Bonef in the County ot Miadlefex.

[17th December 1813.}

Cap. viii.

An Ad to enable The Sun Life AJfurance Society to sue and be fned in the Name of their Chairman or Secretary, under certain Regu* lations.	_	Ll7^	December	1813.3

Cap. ix.

An Ad to enable The Sun Fire Office Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Treasurer, under certain Regulations.

[17th December 1813.3

Cap. x.

An Ad to enable The Wejl of England Fire and Life Infurauce Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary.

[17th December 1813.])

Cap. xi.

An Ad to enable the Company of The County Fire Office to sue ani be sued in the Name of their Managing Director, or any- other Director.	[aoth	December	1813.]

Caps





»8S

e. 68,

c- 90. c.i St.







9&S

Cap. xii;

' Ad to Enable The Imperial Infurnnce Company to sue and be fuei in the Name of the Chairman for the Time being, or of ahy other Member of the Company.	[26th	December	l8i3.]

Cap. xiii.

48 G. 3. e. 7a An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of Hi* present Majeity, for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Rea, a the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and for making Other Improvements therein mentioned. [20th December 1813.}^	*

[Additional Trtflees. Tolls granted.]

Cap. xiv*

32	G. 3.«. 1x7. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of Hi*

present Majeity, for repairing the Road from Canterbury Lane, within the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, to a Place in the Parifh of Folkeftone called Mudjbile, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent. \c)	[20th	December	1813.]

[Additional Trufiees.	Former Tolls to cease,	new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls an Sunday.]

Cap. *v.

12	G.3. c.91. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of Hit

34 G. 3. c.116. present Majeity, for repairing the Road from the Warwick Road near Solihull to the Guide roll in Kenilworth» and from 1bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road at Balfall Common, in the County of Warwick, so far as respects the laid Road from Stone-bridge to Balfall Common, and from thence to the said Town of Kenilworth. (c)	\ [29th March 1814.J

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xvi.

42 G.3. e. viii. Aft Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft, of His present Majeity, for repairing the Road from Woodbridgc to Eye, in the County of Suffolk ; and for repairing certain other Road* t4 communicate therewith, (a)	[19th	April	1814.]

[Additional TtuJUts• Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. trn.

x*G. 3. c. 107. Aft Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts, paTfoT

33	G. 3. e. j 78. so the Twelfth and Thirty third Years of His present Majeity,

for repairing the Road from the Parilh of Car ding ton to the great Northern Road near Temsford Bridge in the County of Bedford; and for making and maintaining a Road branching out of the fame,

•t Ronton Hill) to the South End of the Turnpike Road leading from Bedford to Kimbohon, ift the County of Huntingdon, (r)

[4th May 1814.]

[Additional Trujlees.]

Cap. xvifi.

33 G. 3. e.173. An Aft fdr repairing the Road from Barrow Hill in AJhford\ to a

repealed.	Place	Called Hew England, in the Parifh of Hollmgborae, and for

making



C. xviii—iXT»

A.D.1814.

54* GEO. III.

jnaking a new Road thence to East Lane, in the Town of MaiJ-Jlont, all in the County of Kentt( )[4th May 1814.]

987.

Cap. xix•

Aft Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His pre- 33 G.3. c. 14& lent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cockerton Bridge to StainJropt in the County of Durham. [a) [4th May 1814.]

^Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to ceafe> new Tolls granted*]

Cap. x*.

An A ft for watching, lighting and cleansing the Town of Gosport, 3 c. 3. c.jl in the County of Southampton; and for amending and rendering more effectual an Aft palled in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for better paving the Streets and preventing Nuifances and Annoyances in the said Town. .	[4th	May	1814.]

Cap. xxi.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Afts of His 31 G.». c.45.

, late and present hlajefty, for repairing certain Roads leading from i9G*3* c. 81. South Motion, in the County of Devon. (a) [4th May 1814.3 **	c*‘*

£Additional Trujlees•	Former Tolls So cease,	new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His 34 G. 3. c. 143. ' present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lyne Bridge,

' through Longtown, to the Scotch Dyke, and from Longtown to tne Bridge over the River Sark, in the County of Cumberland, and for repairing certain other Road3 to communicate therewith. (3)

[4th May 1814.3 £Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xxbi.	'

An Aft for lighting, watching and regulating the Police within tke Borough of Macclesfield, in the County or Chester.

[4th May 1814.3r

Cap. Xxiv.

An A ft for amending and widening the Road, commencing at or near the Side Gate on the Hinckley and Lutterworth Turnpike Road, in the Parifh of Burbage, in the County of Leicester, to the Leicester Turnpike Road, in or near to the Village of Nar bo rough, in the said County, (j)	[4th	May	1814.3

£Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxv.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His present 33 g. 3. c. 139* Majesty, for repairing the Roads frotn Darlington to West Auckland, and several other Roads therein mentioned, m the County of Durham. (a)	[4th May 1814.3

[,Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Waggons, &c. carrying Goods, Coals, &o. bclmtezn ‘

Thirty Jirft Day of Oflobcr and the First Day of April.]

l	Cap.





998

iiG.j. e-9<5.

3»G.3.

I3G.3. 1.161

33 G.3. e. 16J.

33 O.*. #. 139.

17 G. a. c. 21. JIG. 3.C.63. G. 3. c.232.

C xxvi—xxxii.	54* GEO. UL AiD.	18x4*

Cap. xxri.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of Hii present Majesty for repairing the Road from Burlton, through Knocking to Llanymynech, in the County of Salop y and other Places therein mentioned. («)	[4th	May	1814.]

[Tolls inertaftd.]

Cap.xyLy'u.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Marfh I^ane in AJhford, in the County of Kent, to the End of the Parifh of Orlefione, near Stockbridge, in Romney Marjh, in the said County, (r)	[4th	May	1814.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His pit-fent Majesty for repairing the Roads from Well Harbtry to the Bath and Wells Turnpike Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somcrfct; and for repairing certain other Roads to communicate therewith. (*)	[4th	May	1814.]

[.Adttional Tru/hes.	Former Tolls to cease,	new Tolls granted

Double Tolls on Sanday."]

Cap. xxix.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Road from the Turnpike Road between North Shields and Ncwcaflte upon Tyne, to Morpeth Cajlle, and for making and maintaining Three several Branches of Road to communicate therewith j all lying in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, (a)	[4th	May	1814.3

Cap. xxx.

An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road .from Selby Ferry, in the Parifh of Hemingb rough, to the Town of Market Weigh ton, in the East Riding of the County of Fork, (c) [4th May 1814.] [Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted]

Cap. xxxi.

An Aft for continuing and amending Three Afte, One of His late Majesty, and Two of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Middleton Tyas Lane End to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York. (a)	[4th May	1814.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Aft for rebuilding the Chapel of Newton, in the Parifh of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lane after *

[4th May 1814.3

All Saints Chapel.”

tap





54- GEO. III.

C. xxxiii—xxxlx.

S?9

Cap. xxxiii.

An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Parifh of PuUenhamy in the County of Hertford. (q. P.)	[4th Map 1814.J

: * Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, $ 29, 30.

1	•.	»

Cap. xxxiv.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Bray, in the County of Berks, (q. P.)	[4th May 1814.]

i ** Allotment to The King as Lord of the Manor of Bray, in right of 5 €< his Crown, § 13. Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes, § 19.

: €* Extrad of Award transmitted to Commiflioners of His Majefty’s [ “ Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or Surveyor General of i u Land Revenues, § 46.

Cap. xxxv.

An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Bewaldeth, in the Parifh of Torpenhow, in the County of Cumberland, (q. P.)

[4th May 1814.]

u Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes, § 19.

Cap. xxxvi.

An Ad for enclofmg Lands in the Townfhip of Hockwold atm Wilton, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P-) [4th May 1814.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Ad for inclosing Higbjlone Common, in the Parifh of Bewcajlle, in the County of Cumberland, (q. P.)	[4th	May 1814.3

Cap. xxxviii.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Lowejloft, in the County of Suffolk, (q. P.)	[4th	May 1814.3

u After the Allotments particularly mentioned, the Commiflioners “ to allot the Refidue to Six Truilees, Inhabitants of Lowejloft, “ who are to let the fame on Leafe (except as to Allotment on w Church Green) for Terms not exceeding Eight Years or Fourteen Years as therein mentioned, and to pay the Rent to the Com-« miflioners, who are to apply the fame m the first Place in Dif-“ charge of the Debt incurred on the new Paving and Improvc-“ mems, and after the Difcharge of such Debt, then towards •* the Expenccs of lighting, watching, cleansing and otherwifo u improving the said Town of Lowejloft, and when the said Rent «• not wanted for the Purpofes aforesaid, then to be applied ** for the general Benefit and Utility of said Town and the Inha-** bitants thereof, as the Commiflioners shall think fit, according to “ 50 G. 3. r.xlii.

Cap. xxlix.

An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Attonby, in she Parifii of Bromjield, in the County of Cumberland. (q. P.)

[4th May 1814.] Cap.

C^ooQle

39 ft 40 g. 3.

c. xlvii. § 54.

45 G. 3. c. lviii. 13-

jzG. 3. c.cxiv.

Time for completing Works further extended.

Power* of London Dock A&s .extended to

Aa.

Cap. xl.

An Aft for enhrging and amending the Power* and Frorifioos tf the several Afts for making the London Docks.

[18th May 1814.]

WHEREAS the Time limited for the Completion of the Docks, Entrances, and other Works and Buildings of the London Dock Company, under an Aft palled in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for maiic* Wet Docks, Bafons, Cuts and other Worksyfor the yreater Acccm-modation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, •a.'itha the Port of London, and under other Afts patted to amend and extend the Powers of the said Aft 5 and which Period was extended by an Aft patted in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and further extended by another Aft, paced in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for allowing further Time for the Completion oj the Docks, Entrances and other Works and Buildings, belonging to lie London Dock Company, will expire upon the Twentieth Day of June, in the present Year One tnoufand eight hundred and fourteen : And Whereas the greater Part of the Docks, Works and Buildings, Entrances and Bafons, authorized and required to be erested, built and made under the said Afts, have been long completed and in use; but Part of the Works necessary for the Completion thereof, cannot be completed within the Period k& mentioned ; and it is therefore necessary that such Period lhould be further extended :* May it therefore phase Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Period limited by the said la It recited Aft of the Fifty second Year aforesaid, for the Completion of the said Docks, Bafons, Entrances, CuU, Quays and Wharfs, and oilier Works and Buildings, authorized to be made, erected and built by the said London Dock Company, under the said feverft Aft«, Hull be and the fume is hereby extended to the Twentieth Day of June, in the Year of our Lord Que thousand eight hundred and twenty.

II. And be it further enacted. That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Cia ifes Matters and Things, in relation to the making, eroding, building and completing all or any of the Docks, Bafons, Entrance*, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs and other Works and Buildings aforesaid, contained in ;»U or any of the A&h made and now in force relating to the Completion of the said Docks of the said London Dock Company, shall be and remain and continue in full force and effect, for the Purpofes of the several Afts relating to the Docks, Bafons, Entrances, Cuts, Wharfs and other Works and Buildings of the said London Dock Company, and the Completion thereof, during such further and extended Period as lafl aforesaid, as fully iu all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further and extended Period had been given by the said recited Aft of the Fifty second Year aforesaid, ancTas if iuch Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, had been specially and particularly rc-cnaftcd in and made Fart of this Aft.

HI. And



C. xl—xW.

A.D. 1814.	540	GEO.	III.



* III. And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be deemed Public AG. and taken to be a Public Aft 5 and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being fpecially

pleaded.

Cap. xli.

An Aft for amending the Powers and Provifione relating to the 46O. j. Poor’s Rates, of an Aft of His present Majesty, for maintaining c- ,xxvih the Poor, and cleansing the Streets, in the Parifh of Saint George, in the County of .  Middlesex.	[18th	May	1814.5

Cap. xlii.

An Aft for enabling the Severn and JVye Railway and Canal Com- 49 G-3-c. dit. pany to raise a further Sum of Money * for the Completion of s°	c*

their Works.	[18th May 1814.5 51	A*C*<

* [30,000/.]

ccxv.

cxciii.

Cap. xliii.

An Aft for the better Management and Relief of the Poor in the.

Parifh of Lewijham9 in the County of Kent, and for better aflefling and collecting the Parochial Rates in the said Parifh.

[18th May 1814.3

[ Vtflry to nominate Eighteen Houfcheepers to execute Aft under the Title of “ The Guardians of the Poor of the Parifh of Lewi (ham in the County of Kent.”]

Cap. xliv.

An Aft for amending and more effectually carrying into Execution the 16 G. 3. c. 9. Purpofes of certain Afts of the Sixteenth, Twenty third and Twenty* *3	3*

ninth Years of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Em-ploymeat of the Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe9 in the County of Norfolk.	[18th May	1814.]

Cap. xlv.

An Aft for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommo* dations, for His Majelly’s Judges at the Affixes for the County, of Warwick.	[18th May	1814.J

•	IT 7 HE REAS the Lodgings in the Town of Warwick, for 4 V V His Majefly’s Judges at the Aflizes for the County of 4 Warwick, are very inconvenient, and do not afford proper and ‘ suitable Accommodation to them during their Refidence in the 4 said Town : And Whereas the Judices of the Peace for the said 4 County, assembled at the Quarter Sefiions holden at Warwick, on

•	the Thirteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thir*

< teen, and also the Grand Jury of the said County, at the Spring « Alhzes in the fame Year, having duly considered the Propriety of

•	procuring a better Accommodation for the Judges, were of Opinion 4 that such Accommodation ought to be procured, and that there 4 appears no Mode of procuring permanent suitable Accommodation 4 for them but by the Expenditure of a confiderable Sum of Money,

H either in the Purchase, repairing or building of some House for f that Purpofc : And Whereas the fame cannot be done without V the Aid and Authority of Parliament :* May it therefore pleafe

Your





C. xlv.

99*

Judices at Quarter Seflions enabled to make Orders for providing Lodgings, kc« for Judges.

Clerk of the 1‘eace remunerated for Trouble in executmg Att.

Judices may borrow Money on Credit of County Rates.

54p GEO. in.

AD* 1814

Your Ma)efty That it inay be enabled; and be' it esadled by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cotw sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre-fent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That at the next General Quarter Seflions of the Peace, to be holden after the palling of this A€t at Warwick* in and for the said County of Warwick, and afterwards at any subsequent General Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, it shall and may be lawful for the Juflices of the Peace for the said County then and theTe afiembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Order or Orders for the building, repairing, purchasing, providing and furnishing, in the Town of Warwick, any House, or any Piece of Land whereon a House may be built, with suitable Offices and Accommodations for the Refidence of His Majefty** Judges at the Aflizes for the said County, with their Officers and Attendants, and for tranfaftiug the Bufincfs usually transacted at the Lodgings of His Majefty’s Judges during the Aflizes, as to them the said Juflices so assembled, or the major Part of them, shall from time to time appear expedient and necessary, and for paying, discharging and defraying ail the Expences, Coils and Charges of and attending the purchafing1, eredling, building, providing and furnishing of the lame, and of eflcdling and cariying into Execution the several Purpofes of this Adi, by and out of the Public Stock or County Rates of the said County, subject to such Reftridliona and Provifions as are hereinafter contained.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Juflices of the Peace assembled at any General or Quarter SdTions for the said County, from time to time to order and direct such Salaries or Allowances to be paid, out of the Monies to be railed by virtue of this Adi, to the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for assisting in the Execution of this Adi, or for executing any Rules, Orders or Regulations to be made in pursuance thereof, as shall be thought reasonable by the said Juflices.

III.	And, for the more speedy and effedlually carying into Execution the Powers of this Adi, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Juflices assembled at any General Quarter Seflions of the Peace, or the major Part of such Juslices, to borrow and take up at Intercft any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the County Rates to be made, raised and assessed upon and within the fnd County, and by Writing tinder their Hands and Seals, to mortgage or assign over any such Rates to the Pcrfou or Pcrfons who shall advance or lend such Money, or to his, her or their Truflees, as a Security for the Repayment of any Money to be advanced for the Purpchs of this Adi, with Intereft after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and all Perfons to whom any such Mortgages or Aflign-ments shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall be in Proportion to the Sums in such Securities mentioned, Creditors on the said Rates equally one with another, without any Preference in refpcdl of the Priority of advancing such Money, gr the Dates of any such Mortgages or Alignments ; and every such Mortgage or Affignment shall be good, valid and efiedhal m tie Law for the Purpofes thereby intended.

IV- And

CjOOQle

C. xlv.

993

A.D.1814.	54°	GEO.	III.

v IV. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Per* Securities for fons entitled to any of the Securities to be given for Money advanced Money Uaai* for the Purpofes of this Aft, and their respective Executors, Ad- ferrab #* miniflrators or Afsigns, at any time by Writing under their Hands and Seals to transfer such Securities to any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever; and Copies of all Mortgages and Alignments which shall be made in puriitance of this Aft, and Extrafts or Memorials of all Transfers thereof, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, which Extrafts or Memorials shall specify and contain the Dates, Names of the Parties, and the Sums of Money thereby secured, to which Book any Perfon interested shall at all seasonable times have access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward y and for the Entry of every such Transfer, the said Clerk of the Peace shall be paid by the Perfon to whom such Transfer shall be made, ^ the Sum of Five Shillings and no more; and after such Entry made e * of any such Transfer, every such Transfer so entered shall entitle the Perfon to whom the fame shall be made, and his, her and their refpec-tivc Executors, Adminiftrators and Afsigns, to the Benefit of the •Security thereby transferred.	'

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Money Money ex-•to be expended in the purchasing, building, eresting, providing, pended not t# fitting up-and fumifhmg such House, Buildings, Ofnces, Accoirt- exceed 15,0001. snodation8. Furniture and Appurtenances as are by this Aft dirested,

shall not in the whole exceed the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds:

Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Justices so aflem- Expences of bled as aforesaid, to raise any further Sum or Sums of Money over Act. and above the said Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, which shall be -found wanting to discharge and pay all the Cofts, Charges and Expences- incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Aft, together with lawful In ter eft for any Money which may be lent or advanced by any Perfon or Perfons for that Purpofe.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Justices enabkd Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, and to Pu.rchale they are hereby authorised and empowered from time to time to treat, LaTds for Pur-contraft and agree with the Owners of, and Perfons interested in, ases of * ony Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments which they shall F

judge to be proper or neceffiory for the Purpofes of this Aft, for the Putdiafe thereof, and by and out of the said Public Stock and County Rates of the said County, to pay, or cause to be paid, for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, such Sum or -Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between such Owners and Perfons interested as aforesaid and the (aid Justices; and also the Cofts and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchafe as aforesaid ; and upon Payment of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchafe of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments as ufbreftrid, it (hail be lawful for the (aid Justices of the Peace* Or any Two or snore of them, their Surveyors, Workmen or Agents, at any time thereafter, to enter upon and take Poffeffion of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and the fame shall be conveyed to the Clerk of the Peace for die find County of Wmrmtk tor the Purpofes of this Aft.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it (hafl be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Sudies^Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or enabled to

54 Gso. III.	3	S	Sole,	feU*





994

C. xlv.

Contracts valid*

Trustees. Sec. indemnified.

Application of Compenfation when amounting toaooL

54* GEO. III.	AJX1814*

Sole, tod all Hu (bands, Trustees or Feoffees in TYuft, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, Committees, and all other Trustees whom* soever, not only for and on Behalf of themfehres, their Heirs and Succeffors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cefhuque Trusts, whether Infants, I flue unborn. Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, to treat, contract and agree with the said Justices, or the major Part of them, so affemUed as aforesaid, for the Sale of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Her* ditaments, and of all their Intereft therein or in any Part thereof, and to convey the fame to such Perfon or Perfons for the Purpofes of thb Ad, and in such manner as they the said Justices, or the major Pan of them, so assembled as aforesaid, shall direct, and as Occabon (hsH require; and all Cootracts, Sales and Conveyances which shall be ib made, shall be valid to all Intents %tfd Purposes; any Law, Statute, Ufage or other Matter to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding; and all and every such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Huibands, Trustees, Feoffees, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, Committees, and all other Perfoa* shall be, and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Ad.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money (hsH be agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any Houses, Buildings, Lasd* Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased by virtue of the rovren of thb Ad for the Purpofes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hulband, Guardian, Committee or other TruRec, or for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Femes Covert or other Cefiuique Trust, or to any Perfon or Perfons whose Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are timited in ftrid and other Settlements, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, ia cue the fame (hail amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of EngLmd* in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chaneery, to be placed to his Account t* parte the Justices of the Peace for the County of Warwick, to the intent tint such Money shall be applied under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Perfoo or Pterions - who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the (aid Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Pur* chafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the (aid Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting any other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, ftandrag fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Trusts, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and inveftted, under the like Dmedion and Ap» probation of the said Court* in the Pur chafe of other Houses, Build-



C.x It.

995

A.D.1814.	54°	GEO.	IIL

ings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon such and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the fame manner, as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased as aforesaid, flood fettled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making the Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking EfFeCt; and in the mean time and until such Purchafe shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the laid Court of Chaneery, upon Application thereto, be invelled by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the laid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased,in case such Purchafe or Settlement were made.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Money so agreed to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased for the Purpofes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under anyjDilability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be figni-fied in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid mto the Bank with the Privity and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chaneery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed ; or other-wife the fame shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making such Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the Juflices of the Peace for the laid County, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends ariiing thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

X.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed to be paid as last before mentioned shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall be applied to the yfe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being hp.ve been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, for the Purpofes of this A£t, in such manner as the said Juslices, or the major Part of them, so ailembled as aforesaid, shall think fit 5 or in case of .Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee'or Committees, to and for the Ufe aq& Benefit of such Perfon or Perfons so entitled respectively.

3 S %	1	XL	Pro-

Application where Com pen* fat ion is less than oool. and exceeds sol.

Application where Money is leis than sol.

v^ooQle

99*

C. xlv.

Court may order reafonable

Expences of Purchafes to !>e paid by J uftices.

Clerk of the Peace to give Notice to Sheriff when House,

&c. is completed.

Purchafes under Aft veiled in Clerk of the Peace, &c.

54° GEO. III.	AJD. 1814.

XI.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by season of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation entitled to any Houles, Buildings, Lands* Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Athe Purchafe Money for the fame shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in pursuance thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of afl Purchafes from time to time to be made in pursuance of this A6t, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Cods and Charges of obtaining such Order to be paid by the said J uftices of the Peace out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this A&, who shall from time to time pay such Sum* of Money for such Purpofes as the said Court (hail diredL

XII.	And be it further enacted, That as soon as such House, Buildings, Offices and Accommodations shall have been provided and furnilhedand put into a proper State for the Reception of His Majefty*! Judges as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Warwick for the time being, and be is hereby required forthwith to give Notice thereof to the High Sheriff of the County of Warwick for the time being ; and it shall be lawful for such Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, within Eight Days previous to any Affixes to be holden for the fame County, to enter upon and occupy the (kid House, Buildings and Offices so to be appropriated for toe Accommodation of His Majefty’s Judges as aforesaid, and also the Fonriturt and Utenfils in the fame, in order that he may prepare and make ready the fame for the Reception of His Majefty*s Judges as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy delivering to the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, an Inventory or Schedule of all Furniture and Articles of Houfehold Ufe appertaining to the said House and Pre-mises, and the said Sheriff to be accountable for the due Care and Redelivery of the fame, all reasonable Damage or Lofe by Wear and Tear excepted 5 and the said High Sheriff, Under Sheriff, and every Perfon or Perfons to be employed by them, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to require all and every Tenant or Tenants of the said Premiles, and all other Perfon or Perfons then and there found therein, to remove and quit the fame, £or the Reception and Accommodation of the Judges as aforesaid 5 and in case of Refhfal To to remove and quit, taking to his and their Affiftance a Constable or Peace Officer, to displace and remove the Perfon or Perfons so refilling, without being liable or subject to any A&ion for Trripass, or any Indi&ment for forcibly Entry or otherwise for so doing.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That any House, Buddings, Offices and Accommodations, with the Appurtenances, with all Furniture therein so to be provided as aforesaid, and the Lands and Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, with their Appurtenances, shall at all rimes from and after the fame shall have been (b erected, built, finilhed, fitted up and fiirniftied, be veiled in, and the fame are hereby declared to be veiled in the Clerk of the Peace fist the said County, for the rime being, for the Purpofes of this Aft; and it shall be lawful for the Justices of the reace for the fed County, assembled at any General or Quarter Stffioius or the major Part of them, from time to rime as they mar think proper, ts let any House, Building, Land, Furniture and Prqnifes to beptf* ,

IS	ebafri	.

	I

C. xlv.

997

A.D, 1814.	540	GEO.	III.

chafed or provided under the Provifions of this Aft, to any Perfon or Perfons, from Year to Year, or for any shorter Period, for the bed Rent that can be gotten for the fame, nevertheless reserving thq Premifes for the Ufe of His Majefty’s Judges during the Afsizes, and subject to the Power hereinbefore given, to enter upon the fame Eight Days previous thereto, and also reserving full Powers for Payment of the Rent and Recovery thereof 5 and the Rent to be received for the fame, or so much thereof as may be requisite, shall be annually expended and applied by Order of the said Justices in defraying any Expences which may be incurred in cleaning, airing or repairing the said House, Buildings, Furniture and Premises; and in case any Surplus shall remain after such Expenditure, and after any other Payments by this Aft authorized to be made, the fame shall be annually paid to the Treasurer of the said County, and form Part of the Public Stock or Fund of the said County.

XIV.	And whereas it may be necessary for effecting the Purpofes of this Aft to purchase more Land or Buildings man it may be absolutely necessary to retain for the Puipofes of this Aft; Be it therefore further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Justices Land or Build-fo assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, and they are ingsnot wanted, hereby empowered from time to time to cause any such Land or maybe rtfoW’ Buildings to be fold and disposed of, together or in Pareels, either

by Public Sale or Private Contraft fas tney shall find mod advantageous and convenient), and to order the fame to be conveyed by Indenture or Indentures, under the Hand and Seal of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to such Perfon or Perfons as shall be willing to contraft for and purchase the fame, and to apply the Monies to arise by such Sale or Sales to and for the Purpofes ot this Aft, but the Purchafer or Purchafers shall not b^ obliged to fee to the Application of such Purchafe Money, nor bfc accountable for the Mifapplication or Nonapplication thereof, or of any Part thereof; and the Receipt and Receipts of the Treasurer of the said County for all such Purchafe Monies, shall be a sufficient Difcharge to any Perfon or Perfons for his, her or their Purchafe Monies.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That during such time as any Allowance to

House, Buildings and Offices to be provided by virtue of this Aft Sheriff for shall be used for the Accommodation of His Maiefty’s Judges at the Judge*’ Lodg-Afsizes, all and every Sum and Sums of Money allowed to the Sheriff inss Paul °*er t0 of the said County, out of His Majefty’s Exchequer for such Lodg-	or

ings and Accommodations, shall be paid over by the said Sheriff to

the Treasurer of the said County, to be taken and applied as Part of the Public Sock of the said County, collected under the Rates for the fame County.

XVI.	And oe it further enacted, That from time to time, and at How the Re-all times whenever such House, Buildings, Offices or Accommoda- purs made, &c. tions shall require Aiterations, or shall become out of Repair or any Furniture thereto belonging shall become unfit for the Ufe of the

said Judges, then and in every such case the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them shall, as the fame may become necessary, direct the making of such Repairs and supplying of all Matters, Things and Furniture wanting from time to time, and the Difcharge of all Taxes and Demands upon the (aid House, Buildings and Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for such Justices, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized to direft

3 S 3	that





C. xlr.

90 8

54'1 GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

Infurance.

Anions, fee. In Name of Clerk of the Peace.

Witneffes.

Limitation of Actions.

Genera] Illue.

that filch Sum or Sums as shall be expended in the Repairs or Supply of such Matters, Things or Furniture as mav from time to tune become necessary as aforesaid, if the Rent of the said Premifes shall not be sufficient for that Purpose, to be defrayed by the Treasurer of the said County, out of any Money in his Hands of any County Rate, or to make any Rate for that Purpofe 5 and the Treasurer of the said County is hereby authorized and required to pay any Sum of Money so ordered by such Justices and such Order shall be a sufficient Authority or Difcharge to the said Treasurer for such Money; and that it shall be lawful for the said Justices to appoint a proper Perfon with a competent Salary and Allowance, to take care of the said House, Buildings and Offices, and to have the Charge of the Furniture, being in the laid House; and also it shall be lawful for the said Justices to order the said House, Buildings and Offices, and Furniture, to be insured from Fire, and the Sum or Sums of Money so to be expended, and all Charges incident thereto, to be defrayed and paid out of the said County Rates in manner aforesaid, or out of any Rents which may be received for the said House and Premifes.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace for the time being for the (aid County, may sue and be sued for or in respect of any Claim, Contrad or other Matter or Thing made or done, or to be made or done, or in any way arising under the Authority of this Ad, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity 5 and that no Adion or Suit, to be brought or commenced by or against the said Clerk of the Peace by virtue of this Ad, shall abate or be dif-continued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace, or by any A61 of the said Clerk of the Peace, done without the Coa-fent of the said Justices, but such Clerk of the Peace for the time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such A6hon or Suit nominally, but the fame shall be carried on and defended under the Diredion of the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, and the Damages (if any) shall be levied^ and also all Expences be by them defrayed in like manner as the other Charges under this A61$ and the said House, Buddings, Offices, Furniture and Appurtenances, and all Furniture, Articles, Matters and Things therein or thereunto belonging, or any Land or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of this Ad, shall in any Indidment or Indidments be laid, alleged and described to be the Property of the said Clerk of the Peace for the time being, and under the Style and Defcription of “ The Clerk of the Peace for the County of WarwickProvided also, that in all and every Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits to be brought; and commenced as aforesaid, no Perfon or Perfons whomsoever shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by Reafon of his, her or their paying or contributing towards the Public Stock of the (aid County, or by reason of his, her or their being charged with or liable to pay any of the Public Rates of the said County

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Adion or Suit shall be commenced against any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Ad, after Six Months next after the Fad committed or Caufe of Adion accrued, for which such Adion or Suit shall be so brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Adion or Suit may plead the General Ifsue, and

give



999

give this Aft and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon.

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That tliis Aft shall be deemed Public A a. and taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Juilices and others, without being specially pleaded.

■

s

Cap. xlvi.

An Aft to enable The Birmingham Mining and Copper Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary.

[l8th May 1814.]

Cap. zlvii.

An Aft for continuing and amending an Aft of the Thirty third 33 O 3.0.148. Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road between Gatejhead and Hexham, near Lobley Hill, in the County of Durham, to BUrtry Ford\ in the Pari(h of Stanhope, in the fame County, together with several Branches therefrom. (a)	[18th May 1814.3

Additional Trufiees, Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls in certain cases.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His present 3* <*.3. c.144. Majesty, for amending, widening, altering and repairing the Road from Swell Wold to the Turnpike Road from Tewkesbury to Stow, in the County of Gloucester, and from the PariOi of Cheltenham, in the said County of Gloucester, to Sedgborough, in the County of Wores/ler, and from the Town of Winchcomb, in the said County of Gloucester, to the (aid Turnpike Road from Tewkejbwry to Stow* (b)	[18th May 1814.3

[,Additional Trufiees.]

Cap. xlix.

An Aft to cctotinue the Term and alter and enlarge the Pbwers of *1 O. 3. c. 97. Three Afts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from 14	c*l04*

Bejfcljleigb, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of 21	c‘

Berks, and other Roads in the said Afts mentioned, in the laid County, and in the County of Wilts* (c)	[18th May 1814.3

[Power to appoint Additional Trufiees.3

Cap• 1.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Swindon to or near Knigbton Farm, in the Parifh of Ramfkury, and from Lidding ton to the Road leading from Swindon to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, la)	[18th May 1814*3

[Double Tolls on Sunday. 3

Cap. h*

An Aft for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Sturry Strict to Heme Bay, in the County of Ktut.\b)	[18th May 1814.3

3 S 4	Cap.





IOOO

C. Hi—lvii.

540 GEO. III.

A.D*i8xv

Cap• lii.

31 G. 2. c. 51. An Aft for altering and enlarging the Term and Power* of Three 17 G.3. c. 81.	Afts, made for repairing the High Road leading from Brent

39 & 40 G. 3.	Bridge,, in the County of Devon, to Gafking Gate, in or near the

e'vl*	Borough	of	Plymouth, in the said County of Devon. (a)

[18th May 1814.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tails on Sunday, in certain cases.]

Cap. liii.

29 G.3. c.83. An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of the Twenty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms or several Afts for repairing the Roads from Colejhill, through the City of Lichfield, and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford, m the Road leading towards Chester, and several other Roads in the said Afts mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Lichfield. (a)	[18th May 1814.J

[.Road divided into Two DifiriSi, and former Truflees to continue Truflees forjirfl DiflriEt; new Truflees appointed for second DiJlriQ• Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. DoubleTolls on Sunday.]

Cap liv.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Road from Balderffon to Burf cough Bridge in Walton in le Dale, in the County Palatine of Lea1-cajler. (a)	[18th May 1814.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lv.

33	3*	c.150.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the

Powers, of an Aft of His present Majesty for widening and maintaining the Road leading from the East Side of the Market Place in New Sleaford to and through die Town of sin wick, in the County of Lincoln; and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County ; and for building a Bridge over the Wbhmm, at or near to Tatterjhall Ferry, (c)	[18th May 1814.]

[Former Tolls to cease (except as to the Bridge), and new Tolls t	granted.]

-	Cap.	lvi.

3a G 3 c. 139. An Aft for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft for making a Road from Stand Edge within SsMlrworth, in the County of Fork, to or near Mump’s Brook, in the Township of Oldham, in the Parifh of PrfUmcb, in the County of Lan-.eqfter, and other Roads therein mentioned, (a)

[18th May 1814.] [Additional Truflees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lvii.

43 g. 3. c. siik An Aft for repairing the Road ham the Mmdfbnc Turnpike Gate tested.	on tht Loofe Road, near Sutton Lame, in the Parilh of maidjlont.





A*l}« 1814.

C. lvii—lxii.

loot



540 GEO. III.

to the King’s Head Inn, in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent; and tor making and repairing other Roads therein mentioned in the said County. (£)	[18th	May	1814.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday. Double Toll on Timber* is'c. between Ift 08. and ijl April.2

Cap. Iviii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His xa G. 3. c. 105. present Majesty, tor repairing, widening and altering the Road 33 G. 3. c. 154. from Crickhowell* in the County of Brecon, to the Cross Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Rofs* and other Roads therein described. (r)

[18th May 1814.]

[Additional Trujlees•	Double Tolls on Waggons, iffc. laden with

Timber* fcfr. between ift 03. and ijl April.]

Cap. lix.

An Ad for continuing and amending Two Ads of His present !?q'?’c*xoc’ Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Guide Poft at the West: 33 ’3*c* I33‘ End of the Town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the Town of Staines, in the County of .  Middlesex. (0)	[18th	May	1814.3

[Additional Trujlees

Cap. lx.

An Ad for amending, improving and keeping in Repair the Road 35 G. 3. c. 146. from the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lane after* repealed, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bury to Hajlingden, at or near Edenfield Chapel* in the Townfhip of Tottiugton Higher End* in the fame County. (0)	[18th	May	1814.	j

[Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. lxt.

An Ad to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge^the Powers 34G.3. c. 157. of an Ad of Hie present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stone to Lane End* and to the Road bet wren Leek and Sandon* on Meir Heath* and from thence to Blithe Bridge ; and also from Metr to Trent ham* and from thence to Stableford Bridge; and the Road from Walton to Ecclejhcdl* tu the County of Stafford, (c)

£x8th May 1814.]

[AdditionalTruftees for theTwo DiJlriSs. Former Tolls repealed* new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. lxii.l

An Ad for making and maintaining a Road ham a Place called Lues* in the Parifh of Bingley, to commence and branch off from the Road leading frotn Cross Roads Inn to Haworth* at the North East Comer of a certain Ciofe of Land called The Highfield* to Helden Bridge* in the Parifh of Halifax* all in the West Riding of the County of York. (h)	[18th ftiay	18*4.3

[Double Tolls oh Sunday.2



Cap.



1002

C. lxiii—lxxii.

$4* GEO. III.

A»D» 1814*

See 46 G. t. cxi*

Cap. lxiii.

An Ad for enlarging and improving The MinJUr Yard of the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Saint Peter, in York, and other Places adjacent thereto.	[18th	May 1814.J

Cap. lxiv.

An Ad for Veiling certain Eflates devised by the Will of Benjamin Hyett Esquire, deceased, in Truflees, to be fold, and for laying oat the Monies thence arising in the Purchafe of other Edates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates so fold. (q. P.)

[10th May 1814.]

Cap. lxv.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Middleton, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.)	[18th	May 1814.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Town ships and Manor of Great and Little Clifton, in the County of Cumberland, (q. P.)

[18th May 1814.]

“ Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes, § 18.

Cap. Ixvii.

An Ad for better colleding the Tithes in the Townihips of Hrxtom and jlrratborne, in the Parifh of Patrick Bromptom and Hornby > in the North Riding of the County of Tori. (q. P.)

[18th May 1814.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Manor or Dirifion of Bee* thorny in the Parifh of Beetbom9 in the County of iVeBmorland. (q. P.)	[18th	May 1814.3

Cap. lxix.

An Ad for inclosing certain Lands in the Parifh of Cbi/aoidy m the County of mtddlefexy over which Right of Common hath been exdnguifhed. (q. P.)	[18th	May 1814.]

Cap. lxx.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet or Chapdry of Edixgteny in the Parifh of MoorRncby in the County of Sonurfct. (q. P.)

[18th May 1814.]

Cap. Ixxi.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Renwicly in the County of Cumberland. (q.P.)	[18th May 1814.]

u Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes, $ 14.

Cap. lxxii.

An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Parifhes of Metthgbam and Bungay Trinity, in the County of Suffolk^ (q. P.)

[18th May 1814.]

C+

UooQle

A#D* 1814*

540 GEO. in.

C. lxxiii—lxxxi.

1003

3



J*

1*

*

cl

it

I

)

r;

*

J

M

;)

t

Cap. lxxiii.

An A A for inclosing Lands in the Parifti of Bay ton, in the County of Worcester. (q. P.)	[18th	May	1814.]

11 Allotments and Compenfation for Tithes, $ 2x, 26. No Leafe of

** Lands by the Vicar of Bay ton, without Con fen t of His Majesty,

€t his Heirs and SuccefTors, as Patrons of the Restory, § 31.

Cap. lxxiv.

An Aft for confirming and establishing a Divifion and Inclofure of the Common Fields, Common Downs and Wactes, in the Parifti of Sutton Mandeville, in the County of Wilts. (q. P.)

[18th May 1814.]

Cap, lxxv.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Littlecot, in the Parifti of Enford, in the County of Wilts, (q. P.)

[18th May 1814.3

Cap. lxxvi.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifti of AJlon Clinton, in the County of Buckingham. (q. P.)	[ 18th May 1814.3

44 Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 27—30.

Cap. lxxvii.

An Aft for building a Church * or Chapel of Eafe in the Parifti of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[27th May 1814.3 * [To be called Ch rift’s Church. 3

Cap. lxxviii.

An Aft for enlarging the Provifionsof an Aft passed in the Forty 46 G 3. sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for altering and enlarging the Proviftons of an A3 faffed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty third Tear of His present Majesty, for making and conflicting a new Parijh, by the Name of “ The Parijh of Saint George,” on the Ground adjoining the City of Dublin, therein dc~ feribed; andfor making and building a Parijh Church therein.

[27th May 1814.3

Cap. lxxix.

An Aft to enable The Atlas AJfurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Chairman, or Secretary, under certain Regulations.	*	[27th	May	1814.3

Cap. lxxx.

An Aft for making and maintaining certain Roads from the Town of Stroud, and federal other Places therein mentioned, all in the County of GlouceJUr. (<)	[27th	Afny	1814.]

f t'v?	Cap.	lxxxi.

An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an 33 G.3. c.140. Aft of His present Majesty, for making a Road from French Top, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Gloffop, in the

County

( ^ooQle

A.D.1S14.

29 0.2. C. 84. 17 G. 3. C.IC9. 37 G. 3. c.168.

County of Derby ; and for repairing the Road leading from Copley Meadow to St ay ley Bridge, in the County Palatine of Cbejler. (£)

[27th May 1814.]

[Former Tolls repealed\ new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday, j

Cap. lxxxii.

33 0 3. c. 153. Ad for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging th« Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford; and also the Road from Stafford to Newport, in the County of Salop. (r)

[27th May 1814.]

[Additional Trujlees• Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday. ]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Ad for continuing and amending an Ad of His late Majeflr, and Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Road* leading to and from the City of Lincoln, and other Roads therein mentioned. (a)	[27th May	1814.]

[.Additional Trujlees. New Tolls. Double Tolls om Sunday.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Ad for repairing the Road from Aulcejler to Wootton Wawen, in the County of Warwick. (b)	[27th May	1814.3

[.Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. lxxxy.

i% O.3. c.85. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of Hit 33 G* 3*c*	prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of the

Turnpike Road from Beffeljlcigh, to Hungerford in the County of Berks, to Leckford otherwise Soujley Water, in the County of Wilts. (c)	[27th May	1814.]

[Additional Trujlees.2

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Ad for inclofmg Lands in the Tithing of AJbton Gifford, in the Parifli of Codjord Saint Peter, in the County of Wilts. (q. P.)

[27th May 1814.]

Cap. lxxxrii.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of WallaJej, and Wejt Kirby, in the County of Cbejler. (q. P.)	[27th	May	1814.]

Cap. lxxxYiii.

An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Parifh of Ballymort Xuffm, in the County of Dublin• (q. P.)	[27th	Kiay	1814.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh and Redovy Manor of Crewkeme, in the County of Somerfrt. (q.P.). [»7th May 1814.]

Cop



Cap. xc.

Aft Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Fridley cum Clayton, Other wife Clayton with Frick ley, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.)	[27th	May	1814.]

€t Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 19, 20, 21, 22. 35.

Cap. xci.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Barlisland, in the Parifh of Halifax, in the County of York. (q. P.)

[27th May 1814.]

** Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, $ 20. No Leafe of Lands by the Vicar of Halifax, without Confent of His Majesty, ** his Heirs and Succeffors, as Patrons of the Vicarage, and of the ** Archbifhop of York, first had and obtained, § 23.

Cap. xcii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in Whixall, in the Parifh of Prees, in the County of Salop, (q. P.)	[27th	May	1814.]

T

Cap. xciii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands within die several Parifhes of Ktbting-ton, Charlton, Mufgrave, Wincanton and Pcnfelvuood, in the County of Somerset. (q. P.)	[27th	May	1814.]

Cap. xciv.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Ovenden, in the Parifh of Halifax, in the County of York. (q. P.)	[27th	May	1814.3

“ Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes, § 20. No Leafe of €t Lands by the Vicar of Halifax, without Confent of His Majesty, 4€ his Heirs and Succeffors, as Patrons of the Vicarage, f 33.

Cap. xcv.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Stnatley, in the County of Berks, (q. P.)	[27th	May	1814.3

“ Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, $ 30,31* 32,33,34.38.

Cap. xevi.

An Aft for inclosing Landsjin the Manor and Townfhip of Woodland, in the Parifh of Cockfiefd, in the County of Durham, (q. P.)

[ft7th May 1814*3

Cap. xcvii.

An Aft for the Relief of Poor Debtors, and Others, confined within the Gaol of Dover CafUe.	[17th	Jane	1814.3

4 XTTHEREAS there is within the Castle of Dover « Common 4 W Gaol or Prifon for the sese Cuftody and Confinement of all 4 Perfons arrested or detained for Debt, or on any Civil Frocefs 4 within and throughout the Ctnaue Pori*, the Two ancient Town* * 4 of Rye and Wtnchelsea, and the Liberties, Limbs wad Members 4 thereof, and there is no public Provifion for the Maintenance and 4 Support of the Pcrfoni who are or may be confined within the faid

* Gaol





100

Ut

I00<

C.x cvii.

54° GEO. HI.

A J). 1814.

‘ Gaol or Prifon, by reason whereof many of such Perfons have ex-

*	perienced great Distress, and would be in Danger of being reduced ‘ to Famines but for the uncertain and precarious Affiflance of pn-

*	vale Benevolence j and it is expedient that an adequate Fund fhould

*	in future be raised for their Relief ;* Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temjporal, and Commons, in thii

annually raised, raised within the Cinque Ports, the Two ancient Towns of Witubelja mwiMtaresfT" and	Liberties,	Limbs	and	Members	thereof,	for	thf

Ufe of the Prifoners confined within the said Gaol or Prifon, tie Sum of Three hundred Pounds, in the Manner and Proportions after mentioned; that is to fay, within and from and out of the Tom and Port of Hqflings, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof (except within and from and out of the Jurifdi&ion of the Corporation of Pevenfey, and the Jurifdi&ion of the Corporation of Stafori), the Sum of Twenty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine pence ; aad within and from and out of the Jurifdi&ion of the Corporation of Pevenfey, the Sum of Four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine

re; and within and from and out of the Jurifdi&ion of Se&ford, Sum of Five Pounds; and within and from and out of the Town and Port of Romney, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof (except within and from and out of die Jurifdi&km of the Corporation of Lydd), the Sum of Five Pounds; and within and from and out of the Jurifdi&ion of the Corporation of Lydd, the Sum of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings; and within and from and out of the Town and Port of Dover, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof (except within and from and out of the jurisdiction of the Corporation ot Folkejhne, and the Jurifdi&ion of the Corporation of Faverjham), the Sum of Ninety three Pounds Fifteen Shillings; and within and from and out of the Jurifdi&ion of the Corporation of FoJkefione, the Sum of Eighteen Pounds Fifteen Shistings; and within and from and out of the Jurifdi&ion of the Corporation of Faversham, the Sum of Eighteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings 5 and within and from and out of the Town and Port of Sandvnch, and die Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof (except within and from and out of the Jurifdi&ion of the Corporation of Fordwscb, and withm and from and out of the Jurifdi&ion of the Corporation of Deal), the Sum of Forty one Pounds Five Shillings; and within and from and out of the Jurifdi&ion of the Corporation of FordnoUb, the Sum of One Pound Five Shillings ; and within and from and out of the Jurifdi&ion of the Corporation of Deal, the Sum of Thirty five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine pence ; and within and from and out of the Town and Port of Hythe, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof, the Sum of Eleven Pounds Five Shillings; and within and-from and out of the ancient. Town of IVnubelfem, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof, the Sum of Three Pounds Eight Shillings and Nine pence; and within and from and out of the. ancient Town of Rye, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof (except within and from and, out of the Jurifdi&ion of the Corporation of Tenterden), the Sum of Thirteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings; and within and from and out of the Jurifdi&ion of (tbe

$um of 300I.

Corps*

v^.ooQle

540 GEO. III.

C. xcrii.

*007

paid, and how raised.

Corporation of Tenter Jen, the Sam of Eighteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings*

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums so as Miy°r*’ &c\to. aforesaid directed to be raised within and from and out of the several {^yR^^a,led Towns, Ports, and their Liberties, Limbs and Members, and within ^

and from and out of the several Jurifdiftions aforesaid, shall be an* nually raised, and be payable and be paid by the respective Mayors,

Bailiffs, or other Head Officers of the said Towns and Ports, and the laid Jurifdiftions, on the Fifth Day of July in each Year ; and the First Payment thereof to be made on the Fifth Day of July next after the passing of this Aft, to the Regifter of the Cinque Porte for the time being, for the Ufe of the Prifoners confined within the said Gaol or Prifon.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Mayors, Bailiffs and By whom other Head Officers aforesaid, may respectively, and he and they is P°rtloncd Sum* and (are hereby authorized and empowered to pay or cause to be paid the Sums hereby directed to be paid by such Mayors, Bailiffs or other Head Officers from and out of any Rate which shall or may exist, or be raised or made within and from and out of any Town and Port or Jurifdiction, of which he or they is or are Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer respectively, for the Public Ufe, or to defray; the Public Burthens or Expences of such Town and Port or Jurifdiftion respectively, under or by virtue of any Ufage or Prefcription within or Charter granted to the said Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof, or any of such Towns and Ports or Jurifdiftions aforesaid; and that when no such Rate is or shall be made and exist within any such Town and Port or Jurifdiction, it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor,

Bailiff or other Head Officer thereof, and he and they are and is hereby required to take Order for duly rating and affefsing, on the several Parifhes, Town ships, Hamlets and Vills, within his and their respective Jurifdiftions, according to the Number of the Population of the said respective Parifhes, Townships, Hamlets and Vius, as the fame is fet forth in the Return of the Population made under the Authority of an Aft of Parliament made and passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the In• ereafe and Diminution thereof in all cases where any such Return was made, and where no such Return was made, according to an actual Enumeration thereof, their just Proportion of the Sum so as aforesaid directed to be paid by such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer as aforesaid; and the Sum so assessed and rated on such Parifhes, Townships, Hamlets or Vills, shall be yearly and every Year paid and payable by the Churchwardens and Overfeert of tne Poor of such Parifhes, Townships, Hamlets and Vills refpec-tWy, on the Fifth Day of June in every Year; and the first Pay. meat thereof to be made on the Fifth Day of June next after tne passing of this Aft, to such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer of the Town or Port or Jurifdiftion within which such Parifh, Town-lhip, Hamlet or Vill shall be situate, out of the Rate made and to be made for the Relief of the Poor within such Parifh, Town ship,

Hamlet or Vill; and in case there is or shall be no Poor Rate made for the Relief of the Poor within any such Parifh, Township, Hamlet or Vill, the Sum so rated and assessed on such Parifh, Township,

Hamlet

510.3. cf





ioo8

C. jccvLL

*

'm-V	$4• GEO.	IIL	A.D.1S14.

Parties omitting to pay, liable to Action for double Amount.

Sums under xoL recovered in a fummtfy way.

Hamlet or Vill, (hatf*be taifed within the fame, and paid over to such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, on such Fifth Day9 of June refoe&ively as aforesaid, appointed for the Payment thereof, by the Constable or other Peace Officer appointed or to be appointed by such Mayor, Bailiff of other Head Officer, and which Constable or other Peace Officer, such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer « hereby authorized and empowered to appoint, mod the tame fhafl be raised within such Parifh, Township, Hamlet or Vill, bj fod Constable or Peace Officer, by an equal Rate on the relpedhc Occupiers of any Meffuages, Tithes, Woods, Lands, Tenements sad ether Hereditaments, and on the Owners of any Goods and Chattels within such Parifh, Township, Hamlet or Vill, in such and the fan* manner, and with the fame Remedies for Recovery thereof, as asy Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor have for the Recovery of any Rate legally made for the Relief of the Poor, within any Padk, Town ship, Hamlet or Vill, within the Dominion of England.

IV. And be it hereby further enacted, That if any Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer of any such Town and Port or Ja-rifdi&ion aforesaid, or any Churchwarden, Overleer, Constable er other Peace Officer aforesaid, shall neglect or omit to pay, or canfe to be paid to the Perfon to whom the fame ought, under the Pro. visions of this A£t, to be paid any Sum hereby directed to be pod by such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, Churchwarden, Gbrer* seer, Constable or other Peace Officer, for the Space of Ten Days after the Times hereby appointed for the Payment thereof, and the fame shall have been legally demanded, he, fixe or they so making Default, shall be and is and are hereby respectively rendered liable to an A&ion of Debt, at the Suit of the Perfon to whom the fame is hereby appointed to be paid as aforesaid, for Double the Amount of the Sum, in the Payment whereof he, fixe or they fiuii so hove foade Default as aforesaid; and the fame when recovered in fsch A&ion, together with full Coils of &uit, shall be railed and levied in the usual manner out of the proper Goods and Chattels of the Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Oneer, Churchwarden, Overseer, Constable or other Peace Officer, so making Default, who ffiafi not be re-imburfed the fame out of any other Funds whatsoever; sad the fame when recovered, shall be paid and applied for the Ufc of the Prifoners confined in the said Gaol or Prtfon, according to the Provifions of this A&: Provided always, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money made payable under the Authority of this AflU not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, which fhaH net be paid witha Ten Days after the fame shall be due, and have been demanded, may be railed and levied by Warrant of Dtfhneft and Sale of Ibe Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons by and from whom the fame are due and payable, wheresoever the fame may be found within the (aid Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof, under the Hand and Seal of any Manrm, Bailiff or Jurat of any of the said Ports and Towns or Jmxuk* Sons aforesaid, or any Juftice of the Peace acting for the Ldritis of the Cinque Ports ; and which Warrant he and they is and mr hereby authorized and empowered to grant, upon Complaint, mi due Proof 00 Oath, to his or their.SatisFa&kin, that Rich Sam u & due, and hath been demanded, and hath not been paid; aad wted Oath he and they is and are hereby au&onxcd and empowered a

t^ooQle

C* xcvli.

loop

administer; and which Warrant when so ifTued and printed by any such Mayor, Bailiss, Jurat or Juslice, shall be a good and sufficient Warrant within and throughout the whole of the said Cinque Portsy Two ancient Towns, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members thereof* although in other cases the Jurildiclion of the Perfon granting and issuing the fame may not extend to the whole of the said Cinque Ports, ancient Towns, and the Liberties, Limbs and Members, thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Relief afcerttin* any Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, or any Jurat of any of the e.l ntid^hywhom Towns and Ports or Jurifdi&rons aforesaid, or for any Juftice of the or ri Peace acting for the Liberty of the Cinque Ports, upon the Application of the Boder or Keeper of the said Gaol or Prifon, or of any Prisoner actually confined within the fame; and upon Proof made On the Oath of such Boder or Keeper, or such Prisoner, which Oath every such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, Jurat and Juslice, is hereby authorized to administer within each of their respective Jurifdi&ions, or within the said Prifon, or the House or Apartments of such Boder or Keeper, or other sufficient Proof to the Satisfa&ion of such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, Jurat or Juslice, that .there is not sufficient Bedding for the Ufe of the Prifoners confined therein, or that any Prisoner confined therein ig in Want of any Bedding, or of Medical Advice or Medicines 5 and that such Prisoner hath not sufficient Ability to procure for himself Or herself such Bedding, Medical Advice or Medicines, or sufficient Food for his or her Suflenance, to order and direct such Boder or Keeper to provide a Straw Bed or Palliafs, Two Blankets, and One	,

Rug, for the Ufe of such Prisoner, while he or (he shall be actually confined therein; and also to provide apd deliver to each of the Prifoners during the time such Prifoners shall be actually confined therein, and unable to provide for his or her Suflenance, Two Pounds Weight of good wholesome Wheaten Bread per Day, and also such Medical Advice and Medicine as he or (he may require during his or her actual Continuance in such Prifon or Gaol, or until he shall be ordered by any such Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer, Jurat or other Juslice, to the contrary 5 and such Boder or Keeper shall once in every Month at the lead, and as much oftener as he shall think fit, make out and exhibit to, and if required so to do* verify upon his corporal Oath before One of such Mayors, Bailiffs,

Head Officers, Jurats or Juflices aforesaid, and which Oath they and each of them are hereby authorized to administer, a full, true and just Account of all Sums of Money expended by him for such Bedding, Bread, Medical Advice and Medicines for such Prifoners ; and that the fame were ^really, truly and bona fide provided for and supplied to the Prifoners in his actual Cuftody \ and the Mayor,

Bailiff or Head Officer, Jurat or Juslice, to whom the fame shall be so exhibited, shall examine and allow and approve of the fame, or disallow the Whole or any Part or Parts thereof, as to him shall seem just, and shall thereupon sign an Order for the Payment to the said Boder or Keeper, what shall upon such Examination and Allowance appear to be just; and the Regifter of the Cinque Ports for the tune being shall and he is hereby required, upon the Production of every such Order, to pay out 01 any Monies in his Hands for the Ufe of such Prisoner aforesaid, to the said Boder or Keeper, whatfo-54 Geo. III.	3	T	ever



1010

C. xcvii.

A.D. iSx 4.

Limitation of ReUcfi

Regifter to make up his Accounts, and deliver lame to Lord Warden, Scc.

Regifter to give Secunt\ to Loid Warden.

Lord Warden, Ate. to make Rules.

Lord Warden

may diminilh Amount railed, and increaie fame again.

54*

GEO. III.

ever Sum shall be therein allowed and directed to be paid to such Boder or Keeper; and the fame, being indorsed by such Boder or Keeper, fhail be a fufiicient Voucher to such Regifter for such Payment, and be allowed to him in his Account accordingly.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That uo Prisoner who fhail be charged in Execution for Debt shall be relieved by virtue of this Act after the Fir ft Day of Term next following the time when he or file {ball be charged in Execution, nor who fhail have become fupcrfedable or entitled to be discharged under any Ad for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Regifter fhail yearly and every Year make up his Accounts to the First Day of /lugujl in each Year, and deliver the fame to the Lord Warden cf the Cinque Ports for the time being, within Twenty one Days after the said First Day of Augufl in each Year, for his lufpe&ion and Allowance; and that the Lord Warden for the time being fhail inspect and allow the fame, or disallow and make such Alteration therein as to him shall seem just and proper, and allow the fame so corrested, altered and amended; and that the said Regifter fhail caufc the fame when so allowed to be printed, and annually transmit One Copy of such his Annual Account, to each of the Mayors, Bailiffs or other Head Officer of each of the Towns and Ports and Jurifdiftions aforesaid, within Thirty Days after the lame fhail be so allowed as aforesaid 5 and the Expence of printing and tranf-mitting the fame fhail be allowed to him in his next fubfequeut Account.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the (aid Regifter shall give such Security for duly conducing himself, and accounting for and paying over all such Sums of Money as shall come to his Hands under the Authority of this Aft, according to the Provifions of this Aft, to the Lord Warden for the time being, as the Lord Warden for the time being shall appoint; and the said Regifter fhail be allowed such Sum for his Remuneration, for receiving, paying and accounting for such Sum9, and otherwise acting in regard to this Aft, as the Lord Warden fhail direct, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum on the Amount of the Sums by him received.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Lord Warden for the time being, together with any Two of the Mayors, Bailiffs or other Head Officers or Jurats aforesaid, or any Two of the Justices of the Peace acting for the Liberties of the Cinque Ports, fhail and may, and they are hereby authorized to make, ordain aud constitute such Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the better Government and Coo-duft of the said Gaol or Prifon, and from time to time alter, explain or amend the fame, as to them shall seem fit ; and the fame being reduced into Writing, and approved by the Lord Chief Jufticc w His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench at Wejlminficry or the going Jufliccs of Affize for the County of Kent9 shall be binding and con cl u five on all Per ferns wbatfoever.

X.	And be it hereby further enacted, That if at any time it ftafl appear to the Lord Warden for the time being, on the lnfpeftion of the said Accounts, that there is then remaining in the Hands of d* Regifter, sufficient Money to provide for the Want of the Prifoom then confined or likely to be confined within the laid Gaol or Pftfo*. it fhail be lawful for the Lord Warden for the time being, and be »

berth*



54’GEO. m.

C. xcvii.

161I

hereby authorized and required, to suspend for such time as to him shall seem lit, either in the whole or in such Proportion as he may think fit, the Payments herein directed to be made for the Ufe of such Prisoners ; and again from time to time to revive or direct the fame to recommence and be again payable to the full Amount, or to any less Amount than the Sums herein directed to be paid, as he shall deem rcquilite and expedient: Provided always, that nothing No Reliefjiiven in this Adi contained shall be deemed, taken or conllrued to extend to Debtors to to authorize any Diftribution or Delivery of any Bread to any ^ Crown, Debtor or Debtors to His Majesty, or his Heirs or Succeflors, ^v^r* * re" Kings or Queens of these Realms, who may or shall be confined within the said Gaol or Prifon, and may or [kail* under or by virtue of any Adi or Adis of Parliament now made or passed, or to be made and passed, be entitled to have and receive any other Allowance during such his or her Confinement as aferesaid, for or out of any of the Public Funds or Revenues of these Realms.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the Caille of Dover shall, P°vcr Cattle t0 from and after the palling of this Adi, become and be Part of the l’1]?!? °WU Town and Port of Dover.

XII.	And I: it further enacted, That no Order made touching Proceedings not Or concerning any of the Matters in this Adi contained, or any Proceeding to be had touching the Convidlion of any Offender or a 0 Offenders against this Adi, [hall be quashed or vacated for want of

Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Procefs whatsoever into any of His Majefty’s Courts of ♦Records at fVeJlminster; and that when any Diftrefs shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Adi, the Diftrefs itself [hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Defedl or want of Form in the Summons, Convidlion, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor [hall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which [hall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfadlion for the special Damage (if any) in an Adlion upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs mall recover in any Adlion for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on behalf of the Party distraining before such Adlion brought.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled* That no A&ion Limitation of or Suit shall be commenced against any Perfon or Perfons for any Adions. thing done in pursuance of this Adi after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Adlion or Suit [hall arise, Not,cc* nor without Twenty one Days’ Notice shall have been given to him

or them previous to the Commencement of such Adlion or Suit; and every such Adlion or Suit shall be brought and tried in the said County of Kent, and not elsewhere 5 and if any such Adlion Adioniwhert or Suit [hall be brought before Twenty one Days’ Notice [hall have tried, been given, or after the time limited for bringing the fame as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury [hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdidl, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Adlion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or iff upon Demurrer, Judgment [hall be given against the Plaintiff or Treble Cods

3 T J	Plaintiffs,



191%

Expenses of Aft. Public A&.

fiO.S* c. cxxxvk

Sec 42 G« 3. fc.xlvii.

C. xcvii—ciii.	540	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1814

Plaintiffs, then and in every such case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Cods, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant bath for Cods of Adion or Suit in other cases of Law or Equity.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of pailing this Ad shall in the first Place be defrayed out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Ad.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That this Ad shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Judices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xcviii.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Arrw-port Pagnell to The Grand Junction Canal, at Great Linford, in the County of Buckingham.	f ] 7th June	1814.]

The Company of Proprietors of the Newport Pagnell Canal," incorporated•]

Cap. xeix.

An Ad for altering and amending an Ad of the Fifty fecorvd Year of His preient Majefty’s Reign for inclofmg the Foreft of Delamere, in the County of Chester.	[17th	June	1814-j

Cap. c.

An Ad for erecting and maintaining a new Court House and other Offices for the City and County of Aberdeen, and for providing and maintaining an additional Gaol for the said Citv and County, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	[[17th	J*ne	*814.]

Cap. ci.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Tram Road or Railway from the Parifh of Mamhilad, in the County of Monmouth, to or near UJh Bridge, in the said County.	[17th	June	1814.]

[“ The U(k Tram Road Company** incorporated.3

Cap. cii.

An Ad for erecting a new Gaol and Court House in the Burgh of Inveraray, in the Shire of Argyll•	[17th	1814-}

Cap. ciii.

An Ad for making a fair and equal County Rate for the County of Buckingham•	[17th June	1814.]

*	YT7HEREAS the Affeflments by which the County Rates of

*	VV the County of Buckingham are collected, are become very

*	difproportionate and unequal, and it is therefore expedient that

4 Power and Authority should be given to the Justices of the Prcce

*	for the said County of Buckingham, in their General Quarter

4 Seflions assembled, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the

1 said County, and for that Purpofe to aflWs and tax rateably, aod

*	in due Proportions, all and every the Parilhes, Town ships, Hamlet*

*	Liberties, Frecinds and Places, within the said County, accordit^

4 to the annual Rent or Value of all Eftates therein, for and toward

• tlx





C. ciii.

ioij

A.D. 1814.

540 GEO. ID.

*	the fame, with Powers for such Jullices to collect and enforce the

*	Payment of such Rate ;* May it therefore please Your Majelly

that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by The King's Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from Justices to and after the palling of this Adi, the Jullices of the Peace for the niake ™ equal said County of Buckingham, in their General Quarter Sefiions afiembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, fiiall have full Power and	Kent or

Authority, and they are hereby required to assess and tax to the Value of EiUtes. County Rate every Parifh, Townlhip, Hamlet. Liberty, Precinct

and Place, within the said County, rateably, and in due Proportions, according to the Annual Rent or Value of all Efiates within such Parilh, Townlhip, Hamlet, Liberty, Precindl and Place respectively, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

II. And, in order the better to enable the Jullices of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham to afiefs and tax rateably, and in due Proportions, every such Parilh, Townlhip, Hamlet, Liberty,

Precindl and Place, within the said County, be it further enacted,

That the Clerks to the respective Commimoners, and also the In- Return on Oath fpe&ors, Surveyors, Afleflbrs and other Perfons acting within the of Amount of said County of Buckinghamy in the Execution of an Adi, passed in	Valut

the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled , Q' g jin A3 for granting to His Mayfly during the present Wary and *	*3* •	•

until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratifcation of any Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on Profits arising from Property, ProfeJfionsy Trades and Offices ; andfor repealing an AB pajfiea in the Forty fifth Tear of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, ProfeJfionsy Trades and Offices; and to confolidatc and render more ejfeBual the Proviftons for colleBing the said Duties ; or such of them as shall be competent thereto, shall and they are hereby required, from and after the palling of this Adi, upon any Order,

Warrant or Notice, under the Hands and Seals of Two or more Jullices of the Peace for the said County, in their General Quarter Sefiions afiembled, to them or any of them, to be delivered (whiclr Order, Warrant or Notice, such Jullices are hereby authorized and empowered to ifiue), to make a Return or Returns in Writing of the total Amount of the annnal Rent or Value of all EUates within each and every Parilh, Townlhip, Hamlet, Liberty, Precindl and Place, within the said County, charged or aflelTed, or liable to be charged or aflelTed, to the Duty under Schedule (A.) of the said Adi, as the fame Amount shall have been or shall be afeertained, charged or aflelTed, by the Eilimates, Certificates, Valuations and Afleflments, or otherwise, for the Purpofe of charging or afiefiing the said Duty for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April next preceding the Date of such Order, Warrant or Notice, dillinguilhing therein each Hundred or Division, and also each Parilh, Townlhip,

Hamlet, Liberty, Precindl and Place, within such Hundred or Division, which laid Return shall be signed by such Clerk, Infpedlor,

Surveyor, Afleffor or other Pcrfon respectively, in the Prefence of Two or more Jullices of the Peace for the said County; and the said Clerk, Surveyor, Afleffor or other Perfon respectively, shall alfo

gt the fame time verify the fame upon Oath, if required (which 3 T 3	Oath



C. ciii.

A.D. 1814-

54* GEO. III.

Future Return* hove made.

When Rate*

tfUde.

Infpeftor*, 9cq. ncgletliug.



Penalties, ice. hevr levied.

Oath such Juflices are hereby empowered and required to ad-minifter), and the said Returns (being signed by such Two or more Judices before whom the fame shall be attested on Oath, and fub-feribed as aforefaid), shall be delivered by the said Clerk, Infpe&or, Surveyor, Affeffor or other Perfon, to the Jufticcs of the Peace for the laid County, at their General Quarter Seflion of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, next after the Date and issuing of iuch Order, Warrant or Notice.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Provifiona of the said A& of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty shall cease and be determined either by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace or otherwise, then and from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful for the said Juflices of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham, and they are hereby required when and so often as they shall deem it necefTary, to cause such Returns of the total Amount of the annual Rent or Value of all Eflatds within each and every Parifh, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precindf and Place, within the said County, as hereinbefore are mentioned, to be made by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parifhes, Townships, Hamlets, Liberties, Pre-cin&s and Places, within die said County, in pursuance of such Order, Warrant or Notice, as before mentioned (which Order, Warrant or Notice such Juflices are also hereby authorized and empowered to issue in manner hereinbefore mentioned), or to cauft and procure such Returns to be made by any other ways and means as the said Juflices shall deem necefTary or expedient.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That the Juflices of the Peace for the said County, afTembled at such General Quarter Sefliors of the Peace, to be holden next after the Date and issuing of such Order, Warrant or Notice, as aforesaid, or at any Adjournment thereof, or at any subsequent General Quarter SefTions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, or at any Adjournment thereof, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to assess and tax every Parifh, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precin& and Place, within the said County, rateably and in due Proportions, not exceeding One Penny in the Pound, according to the several Amounts of the Annual Rent or Value of all Eflates within each and every such Parifh, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precin& and Place, within the said County, at the fame shall appear upon the Returns herein* before directed and required to be made.

V.	And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk, Infpe&or, Surveyor, Affeffor, Churchwarden, Overfeer of the Poor or other Perfon making wilful Default, in any of the Matters required of them by this A&, shall, for every such wilful Default, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, upon Convi&ion thereof, before One Juftice of the Peace, for the said County, either 00 the Confeffion of the Offender, or on Proof by One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes on Oath, which Oatn such Juffice is hereby empowered and required to administer.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That the several Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this A& shall, if not immediately paid, be levied by D iff refs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant* under the Hand and Seal of any Juftice of the Peace for the said Cottnty, rendering to the Offender the Overplus (if any)

v^.ooQle

(« cm.

540 GEO. III.

ioi $

on Demand, after the Charges of fiich Diftrefs and Sale shall be

deducted, and in case fuf&cient Diftrefs shall not be found, then it

shall be lawful for any such Juflice to commit such Offender to the Imprifonment.

Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or

Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs

the Forfeiture and Charges be sooner paid, and the said Forfeitures,

when recovered, shall be paid One Half to the Informer, and the

other Half to the Treasurer of the said County, to be applied in

Aid of the Rates for the said County ; and no Perfon shall be deemed WitnefTes.

incompetent to be a Witnefs for the Execution of any of the Purpofes

of this A6t, by reason of his paying or being liable to pay towards

the Poor Rates or County Rates within the said County.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Clerks, In cases where Infpetlors, Surveyors, AfTcffors, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Rcl“r”f “V Poor or other Perfons shall make Default in making such Returns jullice* te to the said Juflices pursuant to such Order, Warrant or Notice, as makeRate. before mcntioued ; or if it shall happen, that notwithstanding the

incurring of any Penalty or Penalties as aforesaid, for or on account of such Negledl or Default, a Return as aforesaid, for any Parifh,

Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precin& or Place, shall not be made within the time before limited for the making thereof, then and in every such case it fnall and may be lawful to and for the said Juilices, and they are hereby required, either at the said General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to which such Return ought to have been made, or at any Adjournment thereof, to rate and assess each and every the Parifh, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precin& and Place, jrefpedting of which the said Clerks, Infpe&ors, Surveyors, AfTefTors, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor or other Perfons, shall have so neglected or made Default in making such Return as aforesaid, for and towards the said County Rate, according to such Eflimate of the just and fair annual Rent or Value of the Eftates within such Parifh, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precinct or Place, reflectively, as the said Juilices shall be able to procure, by any of the ways and means hereinbefore directed, or by such other ways and means as to the said Juflices shall seem reasonable and proper.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That in any Parifh, Township, Rat* how l«v,ei Hamlet, Liberty, Precin& or Place, in the said County of Buck- ^ p$ ^Ratl* ingham9 where no Rate is or shall be made and collected for the

Relief of the Poor, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Juflices of the Peace for the said County, in their General Quarter Sefiions assembled, to order and direct the Sum of Money which shall from time to time be assessed as or for the County Rate upon such Parifh,

Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precindl or Place, to be rated and levied on the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands therein, by such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers (to whom the Chief Conflable of the Hundred or Divifion shall give the Notice hereinafter mentioned for Payment of such Rate), in such and the fame manner as any Rate for the Relief of the Poor is by Law directed to be rated or levied; which Sum so rated and levied shall be paid by such One or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, to the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Divifion wherein such Parifh, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precinct or Place, doth lie, within the Space •f Twenty one Days after Demand thereof made in Writing, to be

3 T 4	given





loi 6

Rate how levied in Places when not p»id out of Poor Rate.

Appeal.

Notice

C.ciii.	54°	GEO. HI.	A.D. 1814.

given to such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, or left at his, her or their Dwelling House or Houses, by the said Chief Conflable of such Hundred or Divilion, which Demand the Chief Conflable is hereby required to make at such times as the said Juflices of the Peace shall by their Order in Seflions diredfc ; and in case such One or more Inhabitant or Occupier, dr Inhabitants or Occupiers, shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums so afTefied as or for a County Rate, after Demand made as aforesaid, such Chief Conflable shall and is hereby empowered to levy the fame by Ditlrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, so refusing or neglecting to pay the fame as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more Juflices of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Money afTefied, and the Charges of the Diilrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall pay such Sum or Sums so afTefied as or for a County Rate before the fame shall be so levied as aforesaid, he, she or they, may afterwards rate and levy the fame, or shall and may be allowed and re-iinburfcd the said Sum of Money by a Rate made or to be made upon all and every the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, of Lands within such Parifh, Township, Hamlrt, Liberty, Precinct or Place, which any Two or more Juflices of the Peace for the said County shall order and direct, and shall be subject and liable to the fame Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof by Diftrefs and Sale, in cases of Nonpayment, as arc hereinbefore given to the Chief Conflable.

IX.	And Whereas it may be inconvenient and oppressive to many Parifhes, Townships, Hamlets, Liberties, Precin&s or Places, in the said County of Buckingham, that the Sum of Money which shall be afTefied at or for the County Rate under this Ad should be paid out of any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor of such Parifh, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precin& or Place; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Juflices of the Peace for the said County, at their General Quarter Seflions assembled, if they shall think convenient, to order the Sum of Money directed to be afTefied as or for the County Rate on any Parifh, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Precinft or Place, to be paid by and levied on the Churchwardens, Ovcrfeers of the Poor or Petty Con-stables, of or for any such Parifh, Township, Hamlet, Liberty, Prccind or Place, and to be re-imburfed in such manner as the fame is herein directed to be paid and levied in cases where no Rate is made for the Relief of the Poor; any thing herein contained, or ar.y Law, Ufage or Cuflom to the contrary not with Handing.

X.	And be it further ena6lcd, That if the Churchwardens ard Ovcrfeers of the Poor within any of such Parifhes, Townships, Liberties, Precindts or Places, or any other Perfon or Pcrfons shall think themselves, himself or herself aggrieved by any Acl, Matter or Thing, to be done in pursuance of this A6fc, or the Powers hereby given, he, she or they shall and may appeal to the said Juflices of the Peace for the said County at their General Quarter Seffions to be holden for the said County, next after anr such Caufe of Complaint shall arise, upon giving Fourteen Day a* Notice in Writing,

Rating

v^ooQle

C.ci’ti.

toi)



fluting the Caufe of Complaint unto the Chief Constable of the

Hundred or Divifion wherein such Complaint shall arise, which Juflices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame9 and to give such Appellants or Appellant such Relief as in their Difcretion shall appear fair and just,

XI.	And be it further enacted, That in case of any Appeals, E*P*nce* of

Aftions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, as between Parifh and Parifh,	appc«U

or between any Perfon and Perfons, or any Parifh or Parifhes, or in$.

any Perfon or Perfons, respecting any thing done in pursuance of this A61, or any other A 61 or Acts relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals, A6lions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, shall be borne and paid by such respective Parifhes and Perfons, or such of them and m such Proportions as the said Juflices upon a^y Appeal in their General or Quarter Seffions shall award and order the fame, or as such Courts wherein such A6lions,

Suits or Proceedings, shall be instituted, shall adjudge and order, and shall not he charged to or be paid out of the County Rate.

XII.	And be it further ena6ted and declared, That all the Powers	°f

and Authorities in and by an Act pafied in the Twelfth Year of J* o * * *8 the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled § 7.continued, An Aft for the more eafly afffsing, colie sting and levying of County except where Rates, and also so much ot another A6t pafied in the Thirteenth altered by Ad. Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled An Aft to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for f uniJlAng such Perfons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or defray Turnpikes, for repairing Highways or Locks, or other Works, trefted by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable*; for preventing Exaftions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River o/*Thames, Wcjlward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River ; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrejls; and for letter fecvnng the lawful Trade of His Majejly’fi Suhjefts to and from the East Indies, and for the more ejfeftual preventing all His Maj’fly's Subjcfts trading thither under foreign Com-miffions ; and for limiting the time for suing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Juflices of the Peace, and for regulating the time and manner of applying for the fame ; for the better and more speedy Execution of Procefs within particular Franchifes or Liberties i and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Juflices of the Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, to the Juflices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchifes as have Ccmmiffions of the Peace within thcmselyes, as relates to County Rates, shall be and continue in full Force and Effe6t (except where altered by this A61), with respect to the said County of Buckingham, and that all such Powers and Authorities shall be used and exercised in the Execution of this A6L

XIII.	Provided always nevertheless, and be it further ena6led, Ad not to ei-That nothing in this A£l contained shall extend, or be conltrued tend to Boroughs to extend, to subject or render liable the Boroughs of Buckingham

and Clipping Wycombe respectively, or either of them, to the Pay- Wycombe, ment of any Sum or Sums towards any County Rate to be levied tinder the Authority of this A61, other than and except so far as the fame Boroughs were fubje6l or liable to before the palling of this A cl 5 and that the Jurifdiclion of the Juflices of the Peace for the said several Boroughs of Buckingham and Chepping Wycombe re-fpe&ively shall remain unprejudiced and unaffected by this A61 j '	.	any





i9i?

Accounts produced at Quarter fceffions.

Expences of AO paid out of County Rates.

Ju (Vices empowered to order Payment of contingent Expences.

Limitation of AOions.

Notice.

Tender of Amends.

general Iflue.

Tieblc Cods.

C. ciii.	549	GEO.	Ill-	A.D.1814,

any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withdanding.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for any Two Judices of the Pence in and for the County of Bucking* ham% being present at the General Quarter Seflious then afiembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, to direct and compel the Treasurer of the (aid County Stock to attend and produce his Accounts, with their Vouchers, for the Infpeftion of the said Judices and the Court.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the said County of Buckingham shall be and he is hereby authorized and required to pay and discharge the Cods, Charges and Expences, of obtaining this Aft, and of making and collecting of the Return of the said Clerks, Infpeftors, Surveyors, Affeffors, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor or other Per Ions, in pursuance of this Ad; such Cods, Charges and Expences, being fird examined and allowed by the said Judices at their General Quarter Seflions.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Judices of the Peace for the said County of Buckingham, in their General Quarter Sedions, from time to time affembkd, or at any Adjournment thereof, to order such Allowances and Com-penfation to be made to the Treasurer of the said County Stock, and also to Chief Condables or other Perfons employed in the Execution of this Aft, from and out of the Rates to be levied in pursuance thereof, as to the said Judices shall appear reasonable, jud and proper.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That no Aftion at Law shall be brought or commeneed, or any Proceeding had againd any Perfon for any tiling done by virtue or under the Authority of this Aft, until Thirty Days’ Notice thereof shall have been given to, or Jett at the usual Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons againd whom such Aftion or Proceeding is intended to be commenced or had tberem, setting forth the particular Caufe of such Aftion or Proceeding, or after Tender of fuflicient Amends hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of such Aftion shall have arisen ; and every such Aftion shall be laid and tried in the County of Buckingham and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Aftion shall and may plead the General I due, and give this Aft and the fpecial’Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done io pursuance and by the Authority of this Aft ; and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Aftion shall be brought before the Expiration of Thirty Days next after Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after lufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury (hal) find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdist, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or fufler a Difcontinuance of his, her or their Aftion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be gives against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants fhafl have Treble Cods, and fhail have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or hare for Coos of Suit in any other case by Law.

XVIIL AU



/I	•

C/. cm, cir.

AD. 1814.	540 GEO.	IIL

roiy

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be deemed Public A<ft. and taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. civ.

An Aft for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent to hold a General Seflions annually, or oftener, for levying and applying the Rates and Expenditure of the said County} and to alter and amend an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of Hit present Majesty, for regulating the Rates of the said County.

[17th June 1814.]

*	TT7HEREAS the General Quarter Seflions of the Peace for 4 VV the County of Kent are holden at or near the City of Can*

4 ter bury, in the Eaftern Diviflon of the said County, and at Maid*

4 Jlone, in the Weftern Divilion of the said County: And Whereas

4 an Aft was passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His 49 0.3*c-4 present Majesty, intituled An Aft for repealing such Part of an Aft,

4 passed in the Forty third Tear of His present Majesty, as imposes a 4 certain Proportion of the County Rate for the County of Kent upon 4 the Eajlern Divifion of the said County, and certain Proportions 4 upon the Wejlern Divifion of the said County ; and also so much of 4 an Aft, passed in the Forty five nth Tear of His present Majesty, for 4 empowering the Jujlices of the Peace for the County of Kent to 4 make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, as directs 4 the Churchwardens and Overseers therein mentioned to make certain 4 Returns of the Rental or Value of EJlates within their Pari/hes, at 4 the Periods, and in the Manner therein mentioned, and imposed a 4 certain Penalty upon such Churchwardens and Overseers for making 4 Default therein, and for amending the Powers and Provifions of 4 the said Afts; by which said Aft the Justices assembled at the £r-4 Quarter Seflions for the Wejlern Divifion of the said County, and

*	the Justices assembled at the Quarter Seflions for the Eajlern 4 Diviflon of the said County, are authorized and empowered to 4 make such Rate or Afleflment for railing such Sum and Sums of 4 Money, within each Divifion respectively, as should be sufficient to 4 answer the Euds and Purpofes mentioned and contained in an Aft

4 of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His [1* G. a. c.^9 j f late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Aft for the more 4 ™fy aJfdfiag, collecting and levying of County Rates, as Occnfion 4 might demand, and the Exigencies of each Diviflon might require :

*	And Whereas it would tend greatly to improve the general 4 Arrangement of the Buflnefs of the said County, if the Juftices

*	were empowered to meet in an annual General Seflion of the Peace 4 at Maidjlone, in the said County, for the Regulation and Tranf-

*	aftion of all public Buflnefs relating to the levying and applying 4 the Rates and regulating the Expenditure of the County at large,'

4 and for other Purpofes hereinafter mentioned; and it is therefore 4 expedient that certain Parts of the said Aft of the Forty ninth

*	Year of His present Majesty Ihould be repealed, and other Provifions 4 and Regulations substituted in lieu thereof: And Whereas a new

*	Gaol and House of Correftion for the said County are now > building at MaidJlone} ia the said County, and Court Houfes for

c the



;o2o

A.D.1814.

In what case Quart er'Seflioni holden at Maid* stone and Can* teibury.

Juftic?s so meet ai Maidilone for Purpofes of Ad.

County. Boftntl* transacted at Matdftono Seflioo*

C.cir* '	54°	GEO.	III.

4 the public Bufinefs of the said County are intended to be built also 4 at Maidjlone, the Expence of wlrch Gaol, House of Corredion 4and Court Houses, will be confiderable, and the whole of which

*	Expence is, by the existing Laws now in force, borne and defrayed, 4 exclusively, by the Occupiers of Lands, and Tenements: And

*	Whereas it is expedient that a certain Proportion of the Expence 4 of erecting and completing such new Gaol, House of Corredion 4 and Court Houses, should be imposed upon the Proprietors of 4 Lands and Hereditaments within the said County, in Aid aod 4 Diminution of the Burthen now exclusively borne by the said 4 Occupiers; but the several Purpofes aforesaid cannot be effected 4 without the Aid and Authority of ParliamentMay it there, fore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enaded^by The King’s Mod Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the several Courts of General Quarter Sefiion which have been here-tofore holden for each Divifion of the said County refpcdively, at or near Canterbury, and at Maidjlone, shall continue to be holden at or near Canterbury and at Maidjlone, for the Tranfadion of ail such Bufinefs as is not hereinafter foecially provided for and directed to be transacted at the General Sefiion of the Peace hereinafter authorized to be held at Maidjlone, in such and the fame manner as heretofore, and with the fame Powers and Authorities as if this Ad had not been palTed.

II.	And be it further enacted. That on the Thurfday next preceding the Saint Thomas or Midjummer General Quarter Sefiions in each and every Year, it shall and may be lawful for the Juilices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required to hold an Annual General Sefiion of the Peace for the said County of Kent, at Maidjlone, in the said County, for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned, and to adjourn the fame from time to time as Occafion shall require.

III.	And be it further enacted and declared, That all Matters and Bufinefs, lawfully and usually transacted and done by Juilices of Peace for Counties, afTembled at any Sefiions of the Peace by virtue of or under any Ads of Parliament heretofore made, or which shall hereafter be made for or concerning the erecting, building, amending, repairing, enlarging, altering or removing any Gaol>, Houfes of Corredion or Court Houfes belonging to the County at large, or for the Regulation and Government thereof, or for or concerning the erecting, building,amending, repairing, enlarging, altering or removing any County Bridges, or for or concerning any other Public Works of the County, and all Matters and Bufiutfs relating to such Gaols, Houfes of Corredion, Court Houfes and Coucty Bridges, and other fucli Public Works, and to the defraying the Expences and Charges whereof the Rates and Afleflments of the County at large now are, or shall hereafter in any manner become by Law chargeable; and alio all Matters and Bufinefs lawfully and usually transacted and done by Juilices of the Peace for Counties, at any Sefiions of the Peace holden for the lame, in respect of tlx auditing, settling and allowing of the Accounts of the Treasurer or Tjreafurers of the County, and all other Public Accounts relative to

the

booQle

A.D. i8i4«

540 GEO. HI*

1021

the County at large, the electing, nominating, appointing and re* moving, and paying of the County Treasurer or Treasurers, the Chaplains to County Gaols and Houfes of Correction, the Keepers of such Gaols, Houfes of Correction, and the Officers of such Court Houfes as aforesaid. Surveyors of County Bridges, and all other Public Officers that now are or hereafter shall be in the Nomination of the Juft ices of the Peace for the County, and whose Salaries are or shall be payable out of the County Kates or AfTcfTments, and also all other Matters and Bufmess, lawfully and usually transacted and done by Justices of the Peace for Counties, at any Seflions of the fame, in respect to the rating, laving and affefling of any County Rates, or otheriCharges upon and for the fame, or tne raising, levying and collecting thereof, shall be heard, determined and carried into Execution in and for the said County, solely and cxclufively at the said Annual General Seflion of the Peace so hereby authorized and appointed to be holden at Mauljlone aforesaid, at tne time aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, and at no other Seflioj;, Place or Time whatsoever, save as hereinafter mentioned ; any thing contained in any Act or ACts of Parliament, or any Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Determinnion this ACt contained shall authorize or empower the said Justices of the of Appeals. Peace, assembled at the said Annual General Sellion of the Peace

hereby directed to be holden, or at any Adjournment thereof, to hear or determine any Appeal to be preferred by any Perfon or Perfons against any Rate or Rates to be laid, ordered or assessed by the said Justices assembled at any such Annual General Seflion, but that all such Appeals shall be heard and determined by the Justices assembled at the General Courts of Quarter Seflions of the Peace held for the said County, or at any Adjournment thereof, in the manner herein* after mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trenfurtrap-Juftices of the Peace for the said County, assembled at any fuch

Annual General Seflion of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, to nominate and appoint One or more proper Perfon or Perfons to be the Treasurer or Treafurcrs for the wliole of the said County, gr for each Divifton thereof, and to fix and appoint such Salary or Salaries to be paid to such Perfon or Perfons as they shall think reasonable; and every Perfon or Perfons so appointed to be Treasurer or Treafurers for the said County of Kentt shall give Security for the due Execution of the Truft reposed in him or them.

* VI. And Whereas the Amount of the Salaries now paid to the 1 Chaplains to the Common Gaols and Houfes of Correction of the

*	faid County, have been found to be inadequate to the Labour 1 attending the Execution of the Duties required of them : And

*	Whereas it would tend greatly to the Improvement of the Morals « of the Prifoners confined in the said Gaols, if the said Chaplains

*	reflded therein, or had Apartments near thereunto Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices assembled at Salaries to such Annual General Seflion as aforesaid, or at any Adjournment Chaplains, thereof, to fix and appoint such Salaries to be paid to such Chaplains,

as to the said Justices lo there assembled shall, from time to time, appear reasonable; and also to allot for such Chaplain or Chaplains, in the said Gaols, or in Buildings adjoining or near, such Apartments as to

them





JO 2Z

C. civ.

Holding of Special SotHona.

Provifo.

Ftovttb.

Accounts of County adjusted.

Balance from F.-iltcrn to Wtf-

tern Div ifion of County.

54# 6EO. lit	A.D.1814.

them shall seem fit and proper for his or their Ufe, and further from time to time to alter and vary any such Allowances or Regulations to or concerning the fame Chaplains, or any of them, in such manner as to the Justices afiembled at any such Scflion shall seem proper.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Emergency shall at any time hereafter arise, which may require such immediate Attention thereto, as may render the holding a Special Seffion in that behalf necessary, then and in such case the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, or his Deputy, shall, as soon as may be, upon the Order in Writing, under the Hands and Seals of any Thr^e or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, to him tor th^t Purpofe given, wherein shall be expressed and contained the Nature and Purport of the Bufmefs intended to be brought forward at such Special Seffion, and the Day for holding such Seffion, caafe an Ad-vertifement for the holding of the fame, to be inserted Twice at the least, in some one of the several Public Newfpapers, printed at Can* terbury and Maidjlone, if any such be there pubiifhed and circutated, and if not, then Twice in like manner in the London Gazette, thereby notifying and declaring the Order of the said Justices : Provided always, that the time to be appointed shall not be within a less time than Fourteen Days, from the time of first publishing such Advertisement : Provided also, that such Special Seffion shall and may be lawfully holden accordingly for the due Difp2tch and ordering of the Bufmefs so particularly notified as aforesaid, and no other, and the fame shall and may be adjourned from time to time.

*	VIII. And Whereas the Expences of the County of Kent 9 have been regulated and defrayed according to the Prorifions of 4 the said hereinbefore recited A&, patted in the Forty ninth Year 4 of His present Majefty’s Reign, and it is expedient that ail Ac-

•	counts should be fettled and adjusted, and a Balance flrnck between 4 the Two Divifions of the County, previous to the holding of the

•	Firft General Seffion of the Peace at Maidjfone, under the Authority 4 of this A& Be it therefore further enacted, That the Committees of Justices appointed at the Quarter Seffions held at Maidjlone, and at Saint Auguftine's near Canterbury, in the Week .next after the Clofe of Eafler last past, in pursuance of the said recited A& of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, shall, and they are hereby required to meet at Sittingbaurn, in the said County, within Ten Days next after the palling of this A&, for the Purpofe of examining, palling, adjusting and allowing the several A ccounts of the respective Treafurers of the said County, up to the Eafer Quarter Seffions, One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, incluiive, and apportioning the gross Expence of the said County, fairly ai d equally between the Two Divilions, according to the Amount of their refpe&iye Rentals.

*	IX. And Whereas upon Fuch Apportionment of the said Ac-

•	counts, a Balance will be due from the Eaflcrn to the IVeJeru 4 Divifion of the County, which Balance will be the exclufive

•	Property of the said Weftcrn Division: And Whereas it is ex-

•	pedient that the said Balance Ihotild be thrown into the general 4 Stock of the County, and that the said Eajlem Divifion fhould

•	contribute a proportionate Sum to be estimated on the relative 4 Rentals to the said general Stock ;* Be it therefore cna&ed. That the said Committee lhaU, at their Meeting at Sittingbourn to be

holden





102}

A.D. 1814.	54*	GEO. III.	C.	civ.

holden as aforesaid, ascertain and declare the Amount of the said Balance, and the said proportionate Sum.

• X. And Whereas the Amount of the aforesaid Balance and pro-€ portionate Sum are to be raised exclusively upon the Eajlern 4 Divifion of the County ;* Be it further enacted, That it shall be Bahnce raised lawful for the Justices of the said Eajlern Division, affetnbled iit	J-rn

Quarter Seffions at or near Canterbury, and they are hereby required County, and empowered to assess and levy a special Rate or Rates upon the said Eajlern Divifion exclusive of any Rate that may be granted by the General Seffion at Maidjlone, for the Payment of the aforesaid Balance and proportionate Sum, and to pay the Amount of the said Rate or Rates at such times, and by such Inftalments, as to the said Justices shall seem fit, to the general County Stock; provided that the whole Amount of the said Sums as aforesaid, shall be paid to the said General County Stock within Three Years from the paftiug of this Ad.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That on the Second Tuefday after ^ ,r|* M®el,nS of the Meeting of the said Committee at Sittingboum, it shall be lawful cutin^ Ad.***" for the Justices of the said County of Kenty and they are hereby authorized and required, to meet at Maidjlone, in the said County,

for the Purpofc of holding the First General Seffion for the said County, under the Authority of this Ad.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited 4<> G-3-Ct cxl* Ad of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as $ 4’ directs that the Justices who shall be assembled at the Eajler Quarter

Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the said County in each and

everv Year, should appoint a Committee of Twelve Justices ; that is

to fay, Six Justices acting in the Eajlern Division, and Six Juftices

ading in the Wejlem Divifion of the said County, shall be, and the .

fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all 10 pjrt rcPeale4*

Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That so much of the said Ad G> tc"' of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as *

direds that, from and after the pamng of that Ad, it should and

might be lawful for the Justices afTembled at the Quarter Seffions

holden for the IVeftern Divifion of the said County, and for the Juftices

afTembled for the Eajlern Divifion of the said County, to make fuch

Rate or AfTefTment for raising such Sum or Sums of Money within

each such Divifion respectively, as should be sufficient to aniwer the

Ends and Purpofes mentioned in the said Ad of the Twelfth Year

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second aforesaid,

as Occafion might demand or as the Exigencies of each such Divifion

might require, and also for the Ends and Purpofes of the said Ad,

fhaU be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and 10 repealed.

Void to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That so much of the said Ad

of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as 49 G 3. cxi. directs, that the Treasurer or Treasurers for each Divifion of the I said County should transmit to the Clerk of the Peace an Account in Writing of the Balance then remaining in the Hands of each such Treasurer respectively, and also the gross Expenditure since the Eajler Quarter Seffions, and an Eftimate of the further probable ' Expence to be incurred up to the said Eajler Quarter Seffions in- in part repealed.

clufive.

L,ooq le

Justices to ifTefs 1‘pecial County Rate,

Provifo for Tenants,&C. 4ftdu£ting Rate.

Prtvifo.

C. cir.	54° GEO. III.	A.D. 1814.

felusive, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes wbatfoever.

. XV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the said County, assembled at the General Seflion to be holden for the said County, in pursuance of this A&, shall yearly, and every Year, until all the Charges and Expences of building and completing the new Gaol, House of Corre£lion and Court Houses, incurred and to be incurred since the last Eajler Quarter Scflfions, shall be paid and satisfied, assess and tax a special County Rate, for the Payment of such Charges and Expences, on all and every Pariih, Townihip, Liberty, Precinst, Village, Hamlet and Extraparochial and other Place, in the said County, within their refpetlive Divisions, now contributing or liable to contribute to the ordinary County Rate, at a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Six pence in the Pound, over and above the ordinary County Rate, by One or more Rates in each Year, on the Rental at which each Paristi, Township, Liberty, Pre-cin&, Village, Hamlet and Extraparochial or other Place, shall be rated, taxed and assessed, to the ordinary County Rate ; and the said special Rate (liall be collected, levied and recovered in like manner, and by such ways and means, and under such Penalties, as any County Rate may be collected, levied and recovered in the £ud County of Kent; and the Overseers and Overfeer of every Pariih, Townihip or Place, maintaining its own Poor, within the said County of Kcnty ihall and may, and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to levy and raise such Rate in like manner, and by such ways and means, and under such Penalties, as any Poor Rate is now by Law collected: Provided always, that every Tenant or Occupier paying such Rate as aforesaid, may dedu& and detain out of the Rent Payable to his or her Landlord or Landlords, for the Premifes in re* sped of which such Rate is payable. One Half Part of the full Amount of such Rate, it being the Intent and Meaning of this A€t that the Half of such Rate, except as hereafter excepted, shall be borne by the Landlord, and every Landlord shall, and is hereby to quired to allow and make such respective Deductions accordingly; and every such Tenant paying, or having levied upon him or her such Rate, shall be and is hereby acquitted and dilcharged of aod from so much Money as such Half Part shall amount to, as fully and effectually as if the fame had been actually paid to any fuck Landlord or Landlords, in Part of the Rent due from such Tenant; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall refuse or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money rated or assessed upon him, her or them, by virtue of this A&, it shall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the County of Kentf upon Complaint thereof made by any such Overfeer or Overseers, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, not only in Kenty but in any other County, the Warrant or Warrants for recovering and levying the fame, in such last mentioned case, being first countersigned by some Jufticeof the Peace for the County where any Goods or Chattels of the respective Perfon or Perfons shall be found, returning the Overplus (if any) after such Rate and the Charges of the Diftrefs and Sale shall be paid to the Owner acd Owners of the Goods so distrained and fold : Provided always, that during the Continuance of such special Rate, no Part of the ordinary County Rate, which it may be necessary to make for other Purpofti,

(hail



C. civ.

1025

A.D. 1814.

54* GEO. III.

shall be applied towards the Expence of Building, completing and finishing the said Gaol, House of Correction and Court Houses, except for the Payment of such Bills and Expences as have been incurred previous to the last Eafier Quarter Seflions, but that the whole Expence thereof, except as aforesaid, shall be defrayed out of the said special Rate.

XV I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Allowance by cases where the Meffuages, Mills, Lands, Tithes, Tenements and Hereditaments, held or occupied by any Tenant or Occupier, have t0	10

been or shall be charged and assessed in or to the special County Rates or Rate directed to be levied and collected under the Provi(ions of this Ad, at a higher Amount or Value than the Rent or Rents actually and bona fide paid or payable, or agreed to be paid or payable to his cr her Landlord or Landlords thereof, for the time being, the Dedudion or Allowance in and by this Ad directed to be made by every such Landlord or Landlords shall, as to the Quota or Proportion of such Landlord or Landlords thereof, be calculated upon the Amount of the Rept or Rents actually and bona fide paid or agreed to be paid to him, her or them; and in all such cases as last aforesaid, the rest of all such Rate or Rates exceeding and over and above the Rent or Rents actually and bona fide paid or agreed to be paid to the Landlord or Landlords aforesaid, shall be wholly borne, ppid and discharged by every such Tenant or Occupier of the Hereditaments and Premifes assessed or to be afTelfed, at a higher Amount or Value than the Rent actually and bona fide paid, or payable by him or her as hereinbefore mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difpute shall Difputes be-arife between any Landlord and Tenant, touching and concerning any tween Landlord such Dedudion to be allowed by such Landlord, the fame shall be J"t^Cnant heard and determined in a summary way, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace, acting for the said County, and in case either of the Parties in such Difpute shall refuse to abide by or shall not obey the Determination of such Justices, the Party so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of his, her and their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands of such Justices, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Party or Parties whose Goods shall have been so distrained.

* XVIII. And Whereas it is expedient, that the said County * should be relieved and exonerated from any Taxes in respect of 4 any of the Gaols, Houfes of Corredion and Court Houfes of the 4 said County ;* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the No Rate levied palling of this Ad, no Rate, Tax or Affeffment whatsoever, Parlia- lorGaobor mentary or Parochial, shall be raised, assessed or levied on, or be Court 0 e#* payable by the said County of Kent, for or on Account of the said Gaols, Houfes of Corredion and Court Houses, or any or either of them, or any Part thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That lo much of the said Ad 49 G. 3. c.cM. of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majessy, as enads, that § xl* whenever the Justices assembled at any General Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, whether the fame should be holden originally in the Eafiern or Wefiern Diviflon thereof, should determine that it was necessary to revise, correct and re-afeertain the Rental of the whole County* they should imme<”

54 Gso. III.

3 U





102 6

C. civ.

54" GEO. IIL

A.D. 1814.

Committee to atceitain Rental of County appointed.

fignify such their Determination to the Justices to be assembled in Sefiions in the other Divifion of the said County, in order that such Justices might appoint a Committee of Three Justices from each Divifion of the said County, and that such Committee ihould meet as soon after such Appointment as ihould be mutually agreed on between them, in order to revise, correct and re-afeertain the Rental of the whole County, and the relative Rentals of each Divifion thereof distinctly, upon as just and equitable Principles as they could by virtue and under the Powers, Provifions and Direftions of the therein recited Aft of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of Hii present Majesty, aud that such Revision, Correftion and Afcertain-ment should take place and be made in manner as aforesaid, faviug to all such Parties as might consider themselves aggrieved, certain \n pait repealed. Powers of Appeal, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed, and declared to be null, void, and of no Effest, to all Intents and Pur-pofes whatsoever ; and that all Powers, Direftions and Authorities given to the said Committee by the said Aft of the Forty ninth Ycnr of His present Majesty shall be veiled in and exercised by the Coc-mittce by this Aft hereinafter appointed, and directed to afeertain the Rental of the County.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the said County assembled at the said General Annual Scflion, to be held at Maidstone, in and for the said County, under and by virtue of this Aft, or at any Adjournment thereof, ai often as they shall fee Occaiion to revise, correct and afeertain the Rental of the said County, to nominate and appoint Six Justices of the Peace of the said County, to form a Committee for such Pur-poses, of which Committee any Three shall be competent to aft, and iuch Committee shall meet within Fourteen Days after such Appointment ; and the Justices of the said Committee then present (hi11 hart full Power to adjourn such Meeting from time to time to such Place as they may judge convenient, and the said Committee shall revise, correct and re-aicertain the Rental of all and every Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precinst, Village and other Place within the {aid County, and such Revision, Correftion and Re-ascertainment, shall be final, binding and concluftve to all Intents and Purposes; saving neverthe-lefs to all such Parties as may consider themselves aggrieved thereby, such Power of Appeal as is contained in this Aft.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Churchwardea to nuke Returns. or Overfeer of the Poor of any of the several Parifhes, Towns,

Liberties, Precinfts, Villages, Hamlets or Places within the said County, or any Perfon to be specially appointed as such, shall negkft or make Default in any Returns as directed in said recited Aft of the Forty ninth of His present Majesty, then and in every such case, each and every such Churchwarden and Overfeer of the Poor so neglecting and making Default without fufEcient Excufe to be allowed by the said Committee, so to be appointed, shall forfeit and pay such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty Pounds, m shall or may be ordered or adjudged by the said Committee, by wsy of Penalty for such Negleft or Default; anJT in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee at such Meeting assembled, and they are hereby directed to issue their Warrant to the High Constable of the Division where such Parifh, Town, Liberty, rrecinst, Village,

Api eaL

Parifli Officer*

49 O. 3. § 14,15-

Penalty.





C. civ.

1027

A.D.1814.	540 GEO. III.

Hamlet or Place shall be situated, directing him to levy such Penalty upon the respective Goods iand Chattels of each and every Churchwarden and Overfeer of the Poor so negledling or making Default in like manner, and with such Powers and Authoritie%as the said High Conflable is, by the said Adi of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, veiled with, for levying on the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor the Sum afTeflcd for the County Rate.

1 XXII. And Whereas many Parilhes, Townfhips and other c Places lie and are situate partly within the County of Kent, and

*	partly in some adjoining County, or in some Liberty or Diltridl,

*	having peculiar Privileges, and it is therefore difficult to afeertain

*	by the gross Returns of the Rentals of the whole of such Parilhes,

*	Townfhips and other Places, the real Rental of such Part or Divi-

*	lion thereof as lies or is situate within the County of Kent Be it therefore further enabled, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or other Parilh Officers of all and every such Parifh, Townffiip or other Place so situate as aforesaid, shall make a Return to the said Committee, so to be appointed as aforesaid, at such Time and Place as the said Committee shall appoint, of the real Amount of the Rental or Value of such Eflates, or Parts of Ellates, within the said Parilhes, Townfhips or other Places, as lie within the County of Kent, at the time of making such Return ; and shall also verify such Return upon Oath, and such Returns shall contain all the Things and Specifications required by this Adi, in the Returns to be made to the said Committee, by Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor.

* XXIII. And Whereas it may happen, that in such Parilhes,

*	Townlhips and other Places, so situate as aforesaid, the Church-‘ wardens, Overseers of the Poor, or other Officers thereof, may ‘ reside in that Part of the Parifh, Townffiip or other Place, which

*	is not situate in the County of Kent, whereby it might be difficult

*	for the Juilices of the said Committee to oblige such Officers to

*	attend their Meetings, and to make such Returns as aforesaid For obviating thereof, be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Overseers of the Poor, Churchwardens or other Parifh Officers of any Parifh, Townffiip or other Place, partly lying in the said County of Kent, shall reside and dwell out of the said County, it ffiall and may be lawful for the Juilices present at any Meeting of any Committee, appointed for reviling the Rental of the said County, to issue their Summons to such Overseers of the Poor, Churchwardens or other Officers, and every Overfeer of the Poor, Churchwarden or other Officer receiving the fame, ffiall obey the fame, according to the Exigency thereof, or in Default thereof, shall be subject to such and the fame Penalties as are imposed upon Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Officers resident in the said County of Kent, negiedling to make Returns as aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Adi, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Perfon may Appeal to the Juilices of the Peace at any General Quarter Seffion of the Peace within the Divifion where the Caufe of Appeal arises, within Six Calendar Months after the Caufe of such Complaint fhall

3 U 2	have

II G.tc. 29.

Returns for Parilhes partly in Kent and partly in any oilier County, how made.

Parifh Officers reh'diny uut of Kent Inrmr.oned by M.i^illrjtes tor Kvut.

Appeal



1028

C. civ.

AJ>. 1814.

Ketiec.

Recogninnee.

Colls.

Final.

Rate to bo paid although Appeal mde.

final.

Proceedings not quashed for Want of Form.

Certiorari

Diftrefs.

54" geo. ur.

have arisen, such Appellant first giving or cauflng to be given Four* teen clear Days* Notice at leaf!, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the specific Caufe of Appeal or Matter thereof, if against a Convi&ion, to the Juftice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Convi&ion shall have been made, and if against a Rate, to the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, or bis Deputy, who shall notify the fame to the Committee of Justices who have been employed in reviling the Rentals of the said County, and such Perfon or Perfons appealing shall, within Three Days after such Notice, enter into Recognizance before some Juftice of the Peace for the said County, with Two fuflicient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Cofts as shall be awarded by the Juliices at such Quarter Seflion ; and the Juflices at such Seflion, upon the Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally de» termine the Caufes and Matter of such Appeal in a summary way, and award such Cofts to the Party appealing, or appealed against, a> they the said Justices shall think proper ; and the Determination of such Quarter Seflion shall be binding, final and conelusive, to all Intents and Purpofes.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That notwithstanding any such Appeal, the Perfon or Perfons so appealing shall pay to the Treasurer of the County, or of the Divifion of the County, in which the Rate is made, such Sum as would have been payable, in case the Rental of the Parifh or Place in respect of which such Perfon or Perfons* Appeal had been assessed in such Rate, at the fame Amount, as in the preceding Rate, and such Dedu&ion from or Addition to such Payment shall be made, as the Justices at such Quarter Seflions, after hearing such Appeal, shall determine to be just, and the Account between such Parifh or Place, and the Treasurer of the County, shall be fettled accordingly; and such Determination of the Justices, at such Quarter Seflions, shall be final and conclu* five, so far as relates to the Amount at which such Parifh or Place shall be in future assessed to the County Rate, until the Rentals of the several Pariftieo and Places within the County shall be again generally revised and rc-afcertained.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this A€t contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Convi&ion or Convidtions of any Offender or Offenders against tnis A A, shall be quashed for Want of

. Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatsoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at W'JlminJler ; and that where any Diftrefs shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Athe Diftrefs itself shall pot be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpafler or TrefpafTers, on account of any Defedt or Want of Form in the Summons, Convidrioo, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, noc shall such Party or Parties be deemed a Trefpafler or TrefpafTers mb initio* on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage (if any) in an Adtion upon the Cafe, but do Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any A&ion for such Irregularity

m

v^ooQle

A.D. 1814.	540	GEO,	III.	C.	civ—cviii.	1029

as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made, by or Tender of on behalf of the Party distraining, before such Adlion brought. Amends.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Adlion General 11T1*. shall be prosecuted against any Pcrfon or Perfons for any thing done

in pursuance of this A6k, fueh Perfon or Perfons may plead the General IfTue, and give this Adi and the special Matters in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and .that the fame was done by Authority of this Adi; and if a Verdidl shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hail become nonsuit, or shall discontinue his, her or their Adlion or Actions, after IfTue joined, or if on Demurrer, or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any Defendants Treble Celts, have by Law in any other cases ; and though a Verdidl shall be given In what case for any other Plaintiff, in any such Adlion or Suit as aforesaid, such not s,ven* Plaintiff shall not have Cofls against the Defendant, unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of the Adlion, and of the Verdidl obtained therefrom.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Adlions, Suits and Adlion* where -Profecutions, to be commenced against any Perfon or Perfons, for me£h

any thing done in pursuance of this Adi, shall be laid and tried in the County and Place where the Fadls were committed, and shall be Limitation of commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fadl committed, A^,oris* and not otherwise.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That the Expences incident Lxpence of AQ. to the soliciting, obtaining and palling of this Adi, shall be paid out

of the County Rates of and for the said County, by and under the Order of the Justices assembled at their First Annual General Seffion to be holden as aforesaid.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That this Adi shall be deemed Public A&* and taken to be a Public Adi, and shall be judicially taken Notice of

as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. cv.

An Adi for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, regulating 6 G. 3. c. 7a and improving, the City of Bath> ana the Liberties and Precindls repealed as to thereof.	[17th	June	1814.]	PavinK»&c-

Street*, &c. in

the City, See. and to Removal and preventing of Nuifances, &c. therein.

Cap. cvi.

An Adi for improving the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County 17 G. 3. c. *5, of Stafford, and for removing and regulating the Markets in the said Town,	[17th	June	1814.]

Cap. evii.

An Adi for enabling the Proprietors of The Commercial Rooms in the City of Brijloly to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, and for the Regulation of the said Rooms, and the Property thereof.	[17th	June 1814.J

Cap. cviii.

An Adi for lighting, watching and improving the Town of Dart-fordf in the County of Kent.	[17th June 1814.]

3 U 3	Cap.

CjOOQ 1C

C. cix—cxv.

54° GEO. III.

A.D. 1814.

1030

Cap. cix.

An Aft for cleansing, lighting and otherwise improving certain Streets and Places within and near the Town and Borough of Gatejhead, in the County of Durham.	[ 17 th June 1814-]

Cap. cx.

5 * G. 3. c.cix. An'A ft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His present Majessy, for repairing the Church of Saint Sidwell, in the City of Exeter.

fiyth June 1814.j

Cap. cxi.

An Aft for building a New Church # within the Town and Parifh of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[17th June 1814.3 * [To be called " The Church of Saint Michael.”}

Cap. cxii.

An Aft for enlarging the Church Yard and Burial Ground for the Pari Hi of Lambeth, in the County of Surry; and for improving and widening the Approaches to the Church in the fame Parifh ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned, relating thereto.

[17th June 1814.J

Cap. cxiii.

G. 3. c.xxi. An Aft for repealing an Aft patted in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for belter affirg and colleBing the Poor and other Rates in the Parifh of Saint Mary, Newington, in the County of Surry, and regulating the Poor thereof; and granting other Powers in lieu thereof; for rebuilding or repairing the Workhoufe ; and removing and preventing Encroachments and Annoyances in the said Parifh ; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	[17th	dune	1814.3

Cap. cxiv.

1 G. a. Stat. a. An Aft for altering, amending and rendering more effectual an Aft t**0-	of the First Year of King George the Second, for,erecting a

Workhoufe in the City of Canterbury, for employing and maintaining the Poor there, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.

[17th June 1814.3

Cap. cxv.

An Aft to authorize the Infpeftors appointed by an Aft of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty to examine, infpest, itamp and mark Raw Skins of Sheep and Lambs in the Market held in Kingfs Place, in the Parifh or Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surry.	[17th	June	1814.]

G.3.c.71. t TTTHEREAS by an Aft of Parliament, made and patted in

*	VV the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent

*	Majessy, intituled An A3 for repealing an A3, made in the Forty ‘ third Tear of His present Majefly*t Reign, for extending the Pro•

*	vifions of Two former Ads relating to the Ufe of Horse Hides r*

*	making Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides 1 and Skins in theflaying thereof,, it was, among ft other things, enacted,

t • that

CjOOQLC

A.D.1814.

C. cxv.

54^ GEO. III.

1031

4< that all Raw Skins of Sheep or Lambs which should be flayed 4 within any Parilh or Place, not exceeding Five Miles from the 4 Royal Exchange of the City of London, should be brought, for 4 the Purpofe of being infpedted, examined, damped and marked as 4 therein mentioned, either to the Sheep Skin Market in Wood's 4 Close, or to the Sheep Skin Market in the Borough of Southwark,

4 or to the Sheep Skin Market in the Parilh of Saint Botolpb 4 Aldgate, commonly called The Whitechapel Market, or to such * other Market or Markets, Place or Places, as Ihouid at any time 4 thereafter be named and appointed for that Purpofe in and by any 4 Act of Parliament that might be thereafter named ; and the Owner 4 of any such Raw Skin neglecting or omitting to bring or cause 4 the fame to be brought to the proper Market or Place to be 4 infpccted, examined, itamped and marked, according to the Pro-4 viiions of the said Adt, is thereby made subject to a Penalty for 4 every such Skin of any Sum not exceeding Fire Pounds, nor less 4 than Twenty Shillings: And Whereas it is by the said Adt di-4 reelect, that proper Perfons shall be annually cledted (in the manner 4 therein mentioned) as Infpedtors, to examine, inspect, stamp and 4 mark all Raw Skins of Sheep and Lambs to be brought to the 4 said several Markets : And Whereas a new Skin Market hath been 4 lately erected and built at a Place called King's Place, near 4 Blackman Street, in the Parifh of Saint Mary Newington, in the 4 County of Surry, at a short Diftance from the aforesaid Sheep 4 Skin Market in the Borough of Southwark, but out of the Limits 4 of the said Borough of Southwark ; and a confiderable Part of the 4 Bufinefs which used to be transacted and carried on there is now 4 removed to and carried on at the said new Market at King's Place;

4 but the Infpedtors appointed under the said recited Adt to examine,

4 inspect, stamp and mark the Raw Skins to be brought to the 4 aforesaid Market in the Borough of Southwark, conlider that they 4 are not authorized or empowered by the said Adt, or otherwise, to 4 examine, inspect, stamp or mark Raw Skins to be brought to 4 the said new Market at Ring's Place aforesaid ; and all the Skint 4 bought and fold at the said new Market, are obliged to be carried 4 to the said Market, in the said Borough of Southwark, to be 4 examined, infpccted, Itamped and marked, according to the Pro-4 viiions of the said recited Adt, to the great Inconvenience and 4 Expence of the Buyers and Sellers attending the said new Market;

4 And Whereas it would be of great Advantage to the Trade of 4 the said new Market, and more convenient to the Buyers and 4 Sellers who attend the fame, if the Provifions of the said recited 4 Adt were extended to the said Market at King's Place, as well as 4 to the aforesaid Markethn the Borough of Southwark ; but, inaf-4 much as such Beneficial Purpofes cannot be effected without the 4 Aid and Authority of ParliamentMay it therefore please Your Majelty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Molt Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this p'efent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, Raw Skin* from and after the palling of this Adt, the said new Market at King's w*‘cre to Place aforesaid shall be and the fame is hereby named and appointed a Market or Place to which Raw' Skins of Sheep or Lambs Hayed at any Place within the Limits of the said recited Adt may be fent

3 U 4	for





T032

Notice to Irj. fpertors of

t).iys rn which Skins iul'pertcd, &c.

Infpertors elected for Borough Market to art in new Market.

C. cxv. ^	543GEO,IIL	A.DiSi*.

for the Purpofe of being infpeded, examined, stamped and marked in manner by the said recited Ad directed ; and that, from and after the palling of this Ad, all Raw Skins of Sheep or Lambs, which shall be llayed within any Parilh or Place not exceeding Five Miles from the Royal Exchange of the City of London, shall be brought for the Purpofe of being infpeded, examined, stamped and marked in such manner as by the said recited Ad is directed, either "to One of the laid Markets named and appointed for this Purpofe in and by the said recited Ad, or to the said new Sheep Skin Market at Kings Place aforesaid.

II.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful for any Batcher or other Pcrfon Haying any Skins of Sheep or Lambs at any Place or Parish beyond the Diftance of Five Miles, and within the Diilancc of Fifteen Miles of the Royal Exchange of the said City of London, to bring any such Skins to the said new Skin Market at King's Flare aforesaid, or to the respective Sheep Skin Markets in the said recited Ad mentioned, upon giving One Week’s Notice of such his Intc./ioa to the Infpedor or Infpedors of the Diftrid or Place from which such Skins shall be so brought.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Raw Skins of Sheep or Lambs that shall or may be sent or brought to the said new Market at King's Place, for the Purpofe of being infpeded, examined, stamped and marked, shall be sent or brought for such Pur-pofes on fuefdays, Thurfdays and Saturdays, and on no other Dar?, and between the Hours of Six of the Clock in the Morning and Twelve of the Clock at Noon, and at no other times.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the fame Perfons who under the Provifions of the said recited Ad shall be annually elected as Infpedors, to examine, insped, stamp and mark all Raw Skins of Sheep and Lambs to be brought to the aforesaid Market in the Borough of Southwark, shall be also the Infpedors to examine, insped, stamp and mark all Raw Skins of Sheep and Lambs to be brought to the said new Market at King's Place by virtue of this prelVnt Ad; and that for such iaft mentioned Purpose, and in such last mentioned Capacity, they the said Infpedors shall have and enjoy the farce Powers, Privileges and Authorities, and shall take the fame Oath, and shall receive and be entitled to the fame Fees and Sums of Money, and shall be subject and liable to the fame Fines and Penalties, and to the Operation and Effed of the fame Claufes and Provilions, and shall observe, perform and do the fame Rules, Regulations, Trulls, Diredions, Ads, Deeds, Matters and Things in all respects, as by virtue of the said recited Ad they are authorized and empowered, or directed and enjoined to have, enjoy, take, receive or be entitled or subject or liable to, or to observe, perform and do for the Purposes, and in the Capacity mentioned and specified in such recited Act; and that all the Sums of Money which by virtue of this Ad shall be received by the said Infpedors for Fines, Penalties and Fees at the said new Market at King's Place aforesaid, shall be paid, applied and disposed of in such and the fame manner in all respects as in and by ttie said recited Ad is directed, with respect to the Monies to be respectively received by the several Infpedors therein mentioned or referred to for Fines, Penalties and Fees at each of fuch

refpedive

CjOOQle

I033

A.D. i S14.	54* GEO. III. C.	cxv.

refpeftive Markets or Places, as in the said Aft is mentioned or referred to.

V.	A id he it further enacted, That all and singular the Powers, Provisions, Ciaules, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, Fines, Penalties, Matters and Things in the said recited Aft contained, which in any wife relate to or concern the Infpeftion, Examination, Stamping and Marking as aforesaid, of all such Raw Skins of Sheep or Lambs as shall be brought to any or either of the said Markets at Wood's Close, or in the Borough of Southwark, or in the Parifh of Saint Botolfh Aldgatcy mentioned and specified in the fame Aft, or which otherwise relate to or concern the said Markets, or any or either of them, or the Condust, Regulations, Management or Affairs thereof, shall from henceforth be extended, and shall equally apply to the Infpeftion, Examination, Stamping and Marking as aforesaid of all such Raw Skins of Sheep or Lambs as shall be brought to the said new Mark t at King's Placey or to any other Aft, Matter or Thing what-soever, in any wife relating to or concerning the said lad mentioned Market, or the Conduct, Regulations, Management or Affairs thereof.

VI.	And be it further eaacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall offer any Sheep or Lamb Skin for Sale, or shall fell the fame, or if any Perfon or Perfons shall purchase any Sheep or Lamb Skin at the said new Skm Market at King's Place aforesaid on any other Day than Tuefday, Thurfday or Saturday, or at any other time on those Days than between the Hours of Six of the Clock in the Morning and Three of the Ciock in the Afternoon, that then and in every such case, every such Perfon or Perfons so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Six pence, nor less than One Shilling for every Sheep or Lamb Skin so fold, or offert d for Saie, or so pure hafed.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, to fell or offer for Sale at the said new Market at King's P/acs aforesaid, any Raw Hide or Skin, or Raw Hides or Skins of Oxen Bulls, Covi s, Heifers, Steers or Stirks, Horfes, Marcs, Geldings, Calyes, Hogs or Pigs.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall, at any time or times after the pafiing of this Aft, fell or offer for Sale the said new Market at King's Place aforesaid, any Raw Hide or Skm, or Raw Hides or Skins of Oxen, Bulls, Cows, Heifers, Steers or Stirks, Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Calyes, Hogs or Pigs ; or if any Perfon or Perfons shall purchase at the said new Market, any such Raw Hide or Skin, or Raw Hides or Skins, that then and in every such case, every such Perfon or Perfons so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings for the Hide or Skin of every Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer or Stirk, Horse, Mare or Gelding ; and any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, for the Skin of every Calf, Hog or Pig, so fold or offered for Saie, or so purchased, at the said new Market as aforesaid.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures by this Aft imposed, shall be levied and recovered before any Juflice or Juflices of the Peace for the County, City or Place where the OfFence shall be committed, and be applied in like manner as is

direfted

Powers of recited Aft extended to

Time when Skins fold.

Penalty.

What Skins not exposed to Sale.

Selling Ox Hides, See.

Penalty.

Fines,&c. how recover'd.



C. cxv, cxvi.

$4° GEO. III.

A.D.1S14.

Public Aft.

50 G. 3. c. cliiu.

I 1.

Charter 30 April 1812.

Company to nife their Capital in Three Years from the paflinj of this Ad.

•So.

No Share fold after a Call till Money paid.

* § 19-

f Sit.

direfted by the said recited Aft for the levying and recovering of the Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures thereby imposed.

X. And be it further enabled, That this Aft shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of 23 fitch by all Judges, Justices and others, ■without being fpccialiy pleaded.

Cap. cxvi.

An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His present Majeftr for granting certain Powers and Authorities to the Gas Light and Coke Company.	[17th	June 1S14.]

1 W/ ^^^EAS an Aft was pafied in the Fiftieth Year of the

*	VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for grant-€ ing certain Powers and Authorities to a Company, to be ineerp> 1 rated by Charter, to be called The Gas Light and Coke Company,

*	for making inflammable Air for the lighting of the Streets of the

*	Metropolis, and for procuring Coke, 0/7, Tar, Pitchy Afphaltom%

*	Ammoniacal Liquor and Fffential Oil from Coal; and for ether

*	Purpofrs relating thereto, whereby it was enacted, that in case Hu

*	Majefty should think fit, within Three Years after the passing of the said Aft, by His Royal Charter to incorporate the Peifons who

*	fhould be named in such Charter, for the Purpofes in the said Ad

*	mentioned, such Corporation should have the Powers and Aulhori-

*	ties, and be subject to the Regulations and Reftriftions in the faid

*	Aft mentioned : And Whereas His Majesty by His Royal Charter,

< bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hun-4 dred and twelve, did incorporate the said Company in purfuar.ee of 4 the Provifions of the said Aft: And Whereas the said Company

*	have proceeded in the Execution of the said Aft, but from the 4 Nature of the Works of the said Company, and the many Obfta-

*	cles and Difficulties which they have had to encounter, their Pro-

*	grefs has been very much retarded : And Whereas it will be expe-

*	dient that several of the Provifions of the said Aft should be altered,

*	enlarged, extended and amended, and that some further Power*

*	fhould be given to the said Company :* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’* Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Company shall be allowed the Period of Three Years, to be computed from the passing of this Aft, to raise the full Sum* authorized and required to be raised under and by virtue of the said recited Aft 5 any thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwrth-ftanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That after any Call for Money shall be made by virtue of the said recited Aft * ro Perfon or Perfons shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares, which he, she or they shall pofTefs in the said Undertaking, after the Day appointed for the Payment of the said Call, until the Money io called for or in respect of his, her or their Shares intended to be fold, shall be paid, and until such Money so called for shall be pud, any such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be voidf; and all and every Perfon or Perfons making Default herein, shall be fub-

&



C. cxvi.

1035

jedl and liable to forfeit such bis, her or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to and for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, xinlefs he, {he or they shall at ‘he time of such Sale or Transfer pay to the Treasurer of the fa d Company the full Sum of Money called for upon every filar* lo to be fold or transferred; such Forfeiture nevertheless to be firlt notiii * I and declared in manner dirodted by the said recited Adi, with respect to the Forfeiture of Snares for not anf vering the Calls to be made thereon as aforesaid.

III.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the pa (Ting Proprietors to of th:s Ad, every Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the

said Undertaking, shall be qualified and entitl >d to vote for himself or j‘hr^e herself who has pofTefled his or her Share or Shares, and whose Name Months, has been entered in the Books of the said Company as the Pjff'flbr or Proprietor of such Share or Shares for the Space of Three Calendar Months then next preceding, at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, according to the Ratio contained and dircdled in the said recited Ad ; any thing in the said recited Ad to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithilanding : Provided dways, tint no Proviso.

Pcrfon shall be intitled to vote at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, in respect of any Share or Shares which he or she may pofiefsin the said Undertaking, unless such Perfon shall have fully paid and fntisfied all Arrears of Money which shall or may have become due in pursuance of any Call or Calls by the said Governor,

Deputy Governor, and Diredlors for or in respect of such Share or Shares.

IV.	And he it further enacted, That every Female Proprietor of Females may Shares in the said Undertaking, may give her Vote or Voles in re- vote by sped of such shares at any General or Special Meeting of the said Company, either in Perfon or by her. Proxy constituted under her

Hand, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and every such Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be as good, valid and sufficient, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal had voted in Perfon : Provided nevertheless, that no Proprietor shall give or deliver in Proxies for more than Six Female Proprietors, and the Appointment of such Proxies shall be made according to the Form following ; that is to fay,

*	J A. B. of	Proprietor	of	Form of Proxy.

4	Shares in the Capital Stock of The Gas Light and Coke

*	Company, do hereby nominate, constitute and appoint C» Z). of

€	to be my Proxy in my Name, and in my Abfence, to

*	vote or give my Aflent to, or Diflent from any Bufinefs, Matter

* or Thing relating to the said Undertaking, that shall be men-

* tioned or proposed at the Meeting of the laid Company, to be

*	holden on the	Day	of	next,	in	fuch

* manner as he the said C. D. shall think proper, according to his 1 Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking,

*	in any Thing appertaining thereto. Witnefs my Hand, this

*	Day	of	.*

V.	And be it furthef* enabled, That, from and after the palling of Qualification of this A cl, any Owner or Proprietor of Shares in the said Undertak- Governor, De-ing shall be qualified to be elected, and to fit and act as Governor,

Deputy Governor or Diredlor of the said Undertaking, if, at the an *	**

time of such Eledlion, he shall, and shall continue to hold, and be po fie fled of Twelve Shares, at the least, in the Joint Stock or Capital

Cj^O^Ic

C. cxvi.

io3<5

548 GEO. HI.	A.D.	1814.

Court of Directors empou ered to adminilier Oaths to new Dirtftors.

5°°;> c. clxtii. $ 12. in part repealed.

Form of Tranf-ferof Shares.

of the said Undertaking ; any thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding ; and such Regulations, ReftriClions and Directions shall he applicable to such T welve Shard as are contained in the said recited Aft, in respect of the Shares thereby direCted to be held by the said Governor, Deputy Governor atA Directors ; and such Oaths shall be administered to the Perfon or Per* fons so eleCted, or aCting as Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, by virtue of this ACt, in respect to such Twelve Shares as are directed by the said Charter to be administered to the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, of and in the said Undertaking.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon to be elected Governor, Deputy Governor or DireCtor, of and in the said Under- * taking, shall, oa account of Illnefs, or otherwise, be absent from, or | unable to attend the General or Special Meeting of the said Company,

at which such Perfon shall be so eleCted Governor, Deputy Governor or DireCtor, and be thereby prevented from taking the Oaths pre-feribed and directed by the said Charter, to be administered at a General or Special Meeting of the said Company, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Meeting in pursuance of the said recited ACt and this ACt, to administer the said Oaths to such Perfon so eleCted to be Governor, Deputy Governor or DireCtor, and absent from such General or Special Meeting of the said Company ; and upon such Oaths being administered by the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, or any competent Number of them, such Perfon shall be as fully qualified and empowered to act as Governor, Deputy Governor or DireCtor, as if such Oaths had been adrpiniftcred at the General or Special Meeting of the Company, at which such EleCtion took place.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited ACt as preferibes a Form for the Transfer of Shares in the said Undertaking, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paflitig of this Aft, the Transfer of any Share or Shares in the (aid Under-taking, shall be in the Form following; videlicet,

‘ T	of	in	Conflderatioa

*	of	paid	to	me,	by

*	of	do	hereby	bargain,	fell,	affign and transfer,

*	to the faid	the	Sum	of

‘ Capital Stock, of and in the Undertaking of ‘ The Gat Light

*	and Coke Companybeing	of	my Share No.

*	in	the	faid Undertaking ; To Hold to the faid

*	Executors,	Adminiftrators	and	Afiigns,	fubjeft to the fame

*	Rules, Orders and Reftriftions, and on the lame Conditions that I

4 held the fame, immediately before the Execution hereof; and I, the 4 faid	do	hereby	agree	to take and accept

4 the faid	Share	fubjeft	to	the	fame	Rules,

4 Orders, Reftriftions and Conditions. As Witnefs our Hands and

*	Seals this	Day	of	.	in	the

4 Year of our Lord

‘ IX. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Extent of tBe

*	Powers veiled in the said Company for lighting Houses, Manufac-4 tones and Buildings,’ For removing whereof, be it further enacted,

Thai

C^ooQle

C. cxvi—cxviii.

A-D.1814.

54'

geo. m.

*®37

That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority, with the Power* of Com.

Confent and under the Direction of any Commiflioners or Trustees, or PJnX in li£htil,«

other Perfon or Perfons, having the Care, Superintendance or Con- Houfcs*

troul, over the Pavements in any Part of the Cities of London and

IVeJlmtnJler, or either of them, or within the Town and Borough of

Southwark, in the County of Surry, or the Suburbs, Liberties or

Precinfts of the said Cities or Borough respectively, or adjacent

thereto, to lay any Mains or Pipes communicating with the Works of

the said Company, along any Streets, Highways, Lanes or PafTages or

any Part of them, within the said Cities, or either of them, or within

the said Town and Borough, or the Suburbs, Liberties or Precinfts

aforesaid ; and to light any Houses, Manufactories or Buildings

whatever from any of such Mains or Pipes although no Contract

may have been entered into with the said Company for lighting any

Public Street, Highway, Lane or Pastage, in the Parifh or Place

where such Houses, Manufactories or Buildings shall lie or be situated;

any thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary thereof in any wife

not with Handing.

X.	And be it further enacted. That the Powers, Provisions, 50 G. 3. Clauses, Regulations, Directions, Reftriftions, Matters and Things, c. clxiii. and this whatsoever, contained in the said recited Act, so far as the fame are A^conJ^ed not expressly altered or repealed by this Act, shall be construed to “ ne extend and operate, and be in full Force, with respect to all Matters

and Things whatsoever, which may happen or arise in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Pur-poses, as if the fame and every Part thereof were repeated and re-enacted in this Aft, and were made Part thereof 5 and the said recited Aft and this Aft shall, as to all Matters and Things whatsoever, except as aforesaid, be construed as One Aft.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be deemed and public Aft, taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch

by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Commencement Powers hereby given, shall take Place, and have Commencement and Continuants and continue from and after the palling thereof, until andinclufive of

the Thirtieth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and from thence, for, and during, and unto the full End and Term of Eighteen Years.

Cap. cxvii.

An Aft to enable the several Perfons therein named to dispose of See 32 G.3. certain Securities upon the Tolls of the Iron Bridge at Btjhop c. 90. for BuiW-Wear mouth, in the County of Durham, and Ferry Boats attached thc thereto, by way of Lottery.	[17th	June	1814.]

'	Cap. cxviii.

An Aft to enable the President and College or Commonalty of the Faculty of Phyfic, in London, to hold their Corporate Meetings within the City of IVeJlmtnJler, or the Liberties thereof.

[17th June 181+0

« XT7HEREAS by an Aft of Parliament made and pafTed in 14 & 15 H. S.

*	W the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His c.j.

•	Majefty King Henry the Eighth, intituled Privileges andAutbo-

1 rities





C. cxvllu

A.D.i8i4-

College of Phyficians holding Corj>orate Meetings in City of Weft-minder.

31H.8. c. 4a

54* GEO. III.

4 ritier of Phyficians in London, certain Letters Patent, bearing 4 Date at Wcjlminjler, the Twenty third Day of September, in the 4 Tenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King Henry tb? 4 Eighth, whereby certain Phyficians, therein named, and all othr 4 Men of the fame Faculty, within the City of London and Sevr 4 Miles about, were incorporated and made one Body and p Tpetuii 4 Commonalty or Fellowfhip of the Faculty of Phyfic, by the Nzz* 4 of “ The President and College or Commonalty of the Facob 4 of Phyfic in Londonwith divers Powers and Authorities L 4 the laid President and College or Commonalty thereby given, vce~ 4 confirmed and enlarged ; and by the said Statute it is enacted, tlr 4 no Pcrion shall from thenceforth be filtered to exercise or pract:i 4 in Phylic thro’ gh England, until such time as he be examined t 4 London by the said President and Three of the E*e£ls, and har 4 from the said President or ElcCts Letters Teflimonial of their Af-4 proving and Examination, except he be a Graduate of Oxford x 4 Cambridge : And Whereas it is doubtful whether the President m 4 College or Commonalty aforesaid can, by virtue and Authontr 4 of the Charter and Statute aforefa*d, hold any Corporate Met:-4 ings, or do any Corporate Adi or Adis whatever, out of the fii: 4 City of London : And Whereas from the great Increafe of the 4 Metropolis, it would be very benciicial that the President ar.i 4 College or Commonalty of the Faculty of Phyfic aforesaid should 4 be authorized and allowed to hold Corporate Meetings, and do 4 Corporate Adis, either in the City of Wcjlminjler, or in the L:ber-4 ties of the said C’tyMr.y it therefore pleal'e Your Mayfly rfar it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the fa id Pt\i-dent and College or Commonalty of the Faculty of Phyfic in London may and they are hereby authorized to appoint and hold Corporate Meetings and Councils within the said City of Westminster or the Liberties thereof, for the due Exercife and Enjoyment of the teveral Powers and Authorities granted and confirmed to the said Prei> dent and College or Commonalty of the Faculty of Phyfic, by the Charter and Statute aforesaid; and that all Order*, Meetings Eiedlions, Examinations, Proceedings, A61 or Ads, what foe *<.r, had, done and performed, by the said President and College or Commonalty of the Faculty of Phyfic, or by the President, and any Three or more of the Eleds of the said College or Commonalty, within the said City of Wejlminjler9 or the Liberties thereof, fhaH be as valid and of like Eflod, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame would have beeu by virtue of the Charter and Statute afort-said, if had, done and performed within the City of London; and that all Rights, Immunities, Powers, Franchises, Privileges and Authorities, which the said President and College or Commonalty art authorized and entitled to have, hold, exercise and enjoy by virtue of tiie Charter and Statute aforesaid, or by virtue of a Statute palTed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled For Pbyjicians and their Prm lege, or any Statute in force at the time of passing this A 61 or bf any other way whatsoever, shall continue and remain to be held, ex«r-•ifed and enjoyed, by the said President and Coliege, or Conunoo-

16	airy*



C. cxviu—cxxiv.

i°39

AD. 1814.	540	GEO.	III.

alty, in the fame, and as still, free and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame now are held, exercised and enjoyed.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said President and Coliege, College of

or Commonalty, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized to	lu>^”

take, hold, polfefs and enjoy, any Lands, Tenements and Heredita- ,n* an * ments wheresoever lying and being, not exceeding in the whole the yearly Value of One thousand Pounds, notwithstanding the Statutes of Mortmain.

III.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be deemed Public Adh and taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice

of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. cxix.

An Aft to repeal certain Parts of an Aft pafTed in the Thirty 3xG.3. c.58. first Year of Hfs present Majessy, for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers within the Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of Tork, and to alter and amend the said Aft.	[17th	June	1S14.J

Cap. cxx.

An Aft for continuing and amending an Aft passed in the Forty ninth 49 G. 3. c. Iviii. Year of His present Majessy, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounjlow Heathy in the County of Middlefexy to the twenty Mile Stone on Egham Hilly in the County of Surry. (a)	[17th June	1814.]

[Additional Trujlecs. Former Tolls to ceafcy new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. exxi.

An Aft for continuing and amending an Aft of His present Majessy, %i G. 3. «. 159. for repairing the Road from Dunflable to Hoclltffcy in the County of Bedford, (a)	[17th	June	1814.]

[ Former Tolls to ceafcy new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

*	Cap.	exxii.

An Aft to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Aft of His late 18 0.2. c.16. Majessy, and Three Afts of His present Majessy, for repairing 11 G. 3. c. 83. the Road from Tadcajler Bridge, within the County of the City of 39 r •*' c* I5*‘ Tork, to Hobmoor Lane End. (b)	[17th	June	1814.J	4 c,xxvlm

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted•]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Aft to continue the Term, and amend, alter and enlarge the JJG.3.C.177. Powers of an Aft of His present Majessy, for repairing the Road from He age, in the County of Derby, through Belperf to Jdujjieldy in the said County, (c)	[17th	June	1814.]

[.Additional Tolls. Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. exxiv.

An Aft for repairing the Road from Saint Lloyds, in the Town of Bedfordy in the County of Bedfordy to the Turnpike Road leading from Olney to Newport Fagnelly in the County of Bucking-.ham* (b)	'	[17th	June	1814.]

£&'	T

vjOOQ 1C

1040

C. cxxv—cxxix.

A.D.1814.

5 G.3. c.84.

13 0.3. c. ico. 33 G. 3. c. 141.

15 G.3. c. 73. 36 G.3. c.141.

540 GEO. III.

Cap. cxxv.

An A <51 for enlarging the Terra and Powers of Three A6ls of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Newcajllc under Li*t to Hajfop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Tumpik? Road near Buxton, and several other Roads there: 1 described, c the Counties of Stafford and Derby ; so far as such Atl s rektf to the Second Diftritl (a) of the said Roads. (£)

[17th June 1S14.]

[Additional Trufiees.	Former Tolls repealed,	new Tolls grant'd.

Double Tolls on Sunday.j

(a) [Leek to Haffop, Middle Hills to Macclesjitld Turnpike R:ii near Buxton.']

Cap. cxxvi.

An A 61 for continuing and amending an A 61 (a) of Hit prefer. Majesty for repairing the Road from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick. <*)

[17th June 1814.]

[Additional Trufiees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted Double Tolls on Sunday.]

(a) [15 G. 3. c. 73. 36 G. 3. c. 141. continued, &c.]

Cap. cxxvii.

An A& for veiling certain Eflates devised by the Will of William Border, and now belonging to Jane Burder, William Burder, Charles Forfler Burder, Ann Goldfmith and Mary Go/dftrilby In-fants, and to Samuel Burder, Mary Needham Burder and Elizabeth Burder, in undivided Shares in Fee Simple, in Trustees, to be fold; and for inverting the Purchafe Monies arising from the Shares of such of them as are Infants in other Real ErtateSto be conveyed to them in Fee Simple, in lieu of such Shares, (q. P.)

[17th June 1814.3

Cap. cxxviii.

An A61 to enable the Prebendary of the Prebend of Stole Newton? or Newnton otherwise Newington, in the County of Middifex? founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Leafe of the Manor of Stoke Newtonf or Newnton other-wife Newington, in the said County, Parcel of the said Prebeud, in Manner therein mentioned, and to enable the granting of Sub Leafes for building thereon, and otherwise improving the fame, and for other Purposes, (q. P.)	£i7th dune 1814.]

Cap. cxxix.

An A€t for verting certain Meffuages and Farms, situate in the County of Warwick, Part of the Edates devised by the WiU of Sir Charles Henry Talbot Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, in Trad, to convey the fame to the Moft Honourable Francis Ingram Seymour Conwayt Marquis of Hertford, upon Payment by him of Fifteen thousand Pounds for the Purchafe of the fame, and fa-inverting such Money in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)

[17th June 1814.]

Cef.



i 814.

54' GEO. in.

C.cxrx—cxxxvii.

104!

Cap. cxxx*

An A A to enable the Right Honourable George Lord Cal/horpe9 and others^ to grant Building Leafes of Land in the Parifti of Saint Pane rat, in the County of Middlefcx. (q. P.)

[17th June 1814.] as to Paving, &e. EJiate of Lord Caltborpe, rxcxxix. pojl.']

Cap. cxxxi.

An Aft for amending and enlarging.the Powers of an Aft of the *7 G.3. c.71. Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Feoffees and Trustees of an Eftate in the County of Middlesex, given by *

Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a School and Alms Houfes at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to (ell Part of the said Eslate, or to grant Leafes thereof; and for other Pur-pofes. (q. P.)	[17th	June	1814.]

Cap. cxxxii.

An A61 for veiling in the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge the 9 g. i. c. 27. legal Eflate in Fee Simple of certain Eilates veiled in Thomas 10G.1. c. 16. Prickard, an Infant Truflee, and others.; , and for confirming a 11G. 2. c. s$. Sale made by the said Commissioners and for making them a Cor- 12	**

poration, and giving them further Powers of felling and leafing. q \	*q.

[17th June 1814.] 1^0.2. c.a6.

17 0.2. c. 32. 18O.2. c. 29. 29 G. 2. c.33.	30 G. a. c.34.

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Aft for veiling an undivided Third Part of certain fettled Eilates of Thomas Symons Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in the County of Sufsex, in Trustees, to be fold, and for laying out the Monies thence arifmg in the Purchafe of other Eilates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eilates so fold. (q. P.)	(317th	June	1814.]

Cap. cxxxiv.

An A61 for veiling certain Eilates, devised by the Will of Thomfon Bonar Esquire, aeceased, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be fold 5 and for laying out the Monies thence arising, in the Purthafe of other Eilates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as th6 Eilates so fold. (q. P.)	[17th June 1814.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Aft for amending an Aft of King Charles the Second, relating	ppf ar'	**

to the Cathedral'Church of Saint Afaph in the County of Flint.

(q. P.)	[[17th June 1814*]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Townlhips of Campfall, Norton and AJkern, in the County of York. (q. P. )

[17th June 1814.]

44 Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 20. 24. 29,

Cap. cxxxviL

An Aft for incloiing Lands within the several .Townlhips of Barnoldpwick and Salter forth* in the Parifb of Barnoldfwick, in the West Riding of the County of Tork. (q. P.T

[17th June 1814.3

54 Geo. III.	3 X	Cap.





10*2

A JD. 1814.

C c*wvu«r-cxlvl 54° G£C>. UL

C^cxxxviiL

' An Ad.&r iocloibg* and e*oaexatm from Tithe*, Loads in Ar r Pariib of Poitou, in the County of Bedford, (q. P.) -

[17th June 1814.]

" No Leafe of Lands by Vicar of Potto*, without Confent of Ha ** MsjeAy, his Heirs or Snccefloro, as Patrons of the Vicarage, f

Cap. cxxxix.

An A d for inclosing Lands in the Panih of Mnrfshy, hr the County of Buckingham. jfq. P.)	[17th	June	1814.]

“ Allotments and Ccrapcnfations for Tithes, $ 25.

i.

Cq^. CxL

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Combe Saint Nicholas, in the Coufty of Somer/et. (q. P.)	[17th	Jnne	1814.]

Cap* cxli.

An Aft for inclofiag Lands in the Manor of HUderfione, in the County of Stafford, (q. P.)	[17th	June	1814-]

Cap. cxlii.

J6G.3. c.69, An Ad to complete the Plirpofes of an Ad, intituled tin Ad for • inclosing Lands in the Parijhet of Kirkdale and Hebnfley, in the North Riding of the County of York.	[17 th	June	1814+]

ip°*3: c:ty	XV. And be it further enacted, That this Ad, and also the (laid

A€t printed*by ^tted Ad of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His prefect King’s Printers. Majesty, shall respectively be printed by the federal Printers to The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom ; and a Copy thereof respectively so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices and others.

Cap. cxliii.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of IVelf or d* in the Coontj of Berks. (q. P. J	[17th Art 1814.3

Cap. cxliv.

Ah Ad for veiling certain Common Fields and Wafte Grounds within the Town and Borough and Parilh of Ttthury, in the County of Gloncefltr, m Trufteet difehargod of any Right of Common therein, and upon certain Truftt declared thereof! (q#P«)

[17th June 18*4.3

Cap. cxlv.

An Ad for inclosing and reducing to a Stint, or for fubdividtng and inclosing several Commons and Waite |Grounds within the Lower Divinonof Horton* in RibhlefdaJe•, in the Parilh of Horton, in Ribblefdale, in the West Riding of the County of Turk. (q. P.)

[17th June 1814.J

Cap. cxlvi.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in Scammonden, in the West Riding cf the County of Tork. (q. P.)	[17th	June	1814-j

fc*

v^ooQle

54#geo.ih.

|8i4#

' G. C*WiJ-*-clv. * W43

Cap. cxlvii.

‘An Ad'fbr irtclofing Lag!* in the Parifh of Gonvran, in thp County of^ Kilkenny. ^(q. P.)'	11	'	J,fl	'	[17th June l#i4.J

: :. ’ m . i : *

i:	'	Cap• Cxlviit.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Tithinga of Eajt Overton and Lockeridge, and in the Hamlet or Tithing of Fyjuld, in the Parifh of Overton,in the County of Wilts*, (q. P.) [17th June 1814.] “ Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, f 21, 22, 23, 24, 25-

Cap. cxlix.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Pari(h of Boxford, in the County of Berks, (q. P.)	[17th	June	1814.]

Cap. cl.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Cumner, and in the Chapelry of South Hinckfcy, in the County of Berks, (q. P.)

[17th June 1814.] M Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, f 23. 25. 28. 32.

Cap• ell.

An Ad for inclosing Lands In the several Manors of Ketherhall and Redory of Bradfield, in the Parifh of Bradfield, in the County of EJfex. (q. P.)	[17th	June	1814.3

^	Cap.	clu*

An Ad for ^ inclosing Lands within the Manor or Townfhip of Thornton, in the Parifh of Thornton, in the West Riding of the County of Tori. (q. P.)	[17th	June	1814.]

4 ’	Cap>	clfii.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Egham, in the County of Surry, (q. P.)	[17th	June	1814.]

€€ No Allotment to His Majesty for certain Parts of Windfor Great " Park, § 19. Trees belonging to His Majesty fbnding on Fron-" tages, &c. mar be purchafea by Proprietors of Estates, § 34. “ Commiflioners to make Extrad of so much of Award as deferibes “ His Majefty’s Allotments and deliver fame to Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, 8cc. or Surveyor General of Land Re-w venues, § 48. His Majefty’s Allotment may be (old before or ** after Execution of Award, § 49. Provifo for His Majefty’s " Manorial Rights, § 51.

Cap. cliv.

An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Townfhip of Prefion Patrick, in the Parifh of purton, in', the County of Westmorland. (q. P.j

[17th June 1814.] " Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, f 29, 30.

Cap• civ.

An Ad for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Broad Chcdke and Cbitmark, in the County of Wilts, (q. P.)	[17th	June	1814.3

" Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, £23.

3 X 2	Cap	•





1044

C. cIyi—dxr.

$4* GEO. IH.

A.D. 1814*

Cap. clrL

An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Parifh of Eafl BraJmSam, is the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	[17th	June 1814.]

Cap. cItu.

An Ad for inclosing Lands within the Parifh of Foxdey, in the County of Horfoli. (q. P.)	[17th Jum* 1814.]

Cap. drin.

An Ad for inclosing Lands m the Parifh of Bexley, in the County of jfrnf. (q. P.)	[17th	June I&14.J

Cap. clix.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the fari/h of Barrington, in the County * of Safe*. (q. P.) T	[17th	Jane 1814.]

Cap. clx.

An Ad for inclosing Landsin the Mnon of Gteat Chdwmti tod Little Chelworth, in the^Parifhes of Crieklade Sami Sampfom and Crick lade Saint Mary, in the County of Wilt*, (q. P.)

[17th June 1814.]

Cap cki.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Llaadj/tBa and LlanciUan* in the County of Anglefea. (q. P.)

[17th June 1814.]

Cap. clxii.

Art Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Ayweefirty and dh/;-land, in the County of Hereford. (q, P.)	[17th June 181+.]

Cap. clxiii.

An Ad for inclosing Cox heath, in the Parifhes of Bought** Mom* thelfca, Loose, Linton, Eafi Far high# West Farleigh and Aortas*, in tne County of Kent, (q. P.)	[17th	June 1814.]

Allotment to His Majciiy* his Heir* and Succeflarsy as Leeds of " the Manor of Eqft Farleigh, f 31* Sale of Hit Majefty** Allot-u ments, £.40—42. Ex trad of Award and Flan of I lisMajcfty’t “ Allotment lent to Cominiffioners of Woodsy &c- or Surveyor “ General of Land Revenue, §fioK

Cop. dxir.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parkhes of ffwifraw ssd Jhr*

JUldt in the County of-Berks- (q*P>) >	[17th	Jot* 1*14.]

Cap. titer.

An Ad for inclosing certain Moor, Common and Wafte Grounds, in the Parifh of Tunjlal, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and ftr converting the fame into Stinted Pafture* and other Porpo&s. (q.P.)	[tyth	Jmm a014.]

*1 Allotments and Qqmpcnfations for	to*



A.D. i8r4-l

54* GEO. HI.

C. clxvi—-dxir.

1045

Cap. clxvi.	..	*

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Townfhip of Church Coppenball, in the Parifh of Coppcnhall, in the County of Chester.

(q. P.)	Q17th June 1814 }

Cap. clxvii.

An Aft for reviving and confirming certain Powers given and granted by the Will of the late William Egerton Esquire, deceased, over certain Parts of his Eftates thereby devised. (q. P. 1

[17th June 1814.3

Cap. clxviii.

An Aft to alter and amend an Aft made in the Fifty second Year of 5a 0.3. c.cxli. His present Majesty, for making a Canal from the Stort Navigation, at or near Bijhops Stortford, to the River Cam. [20th June 1814.]

Cap. clxix.

An Aft to amend and render more effectual an Aft passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better railing and securing a Fund for a Provifion for the Widows and Children of the Minifters of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads} Principals and Matters in the Univerfities of Saint Andrew*, Glasgow, Edinburgh and Aberdeen ; and for repealing Two Afts, made in the Seventeenth and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for these Purpofcs.

[20th June 1814.3

WHEREAS by an Aft patted in the Nineteenth Year of the 19 G.3. c.so. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for the better 4 railing and securing a Fund for a Provifion for the Widows and 4 Children of the Minijlert of the Church of Scotland, and of the 4 Heads, Principals and Majlers in the Univerfities of Saint 4 Andrews, Glaigow, Edinburgh and Aberdeen ; andfor repealing 4 Two A3s, made in the Seventeenth and Twenty Jecond Tears of the I x.

• Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for these Pur*

4 poses, it vms, among other things, enacted, That the said Minifters,

4 Heads, Principals and Matters, were to pay, out of their respective 4 Stipends or Salaries at their Option, some one of the annual Rates 4 following; that is to fay, Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six 4 pence, Three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine pence. Five 4 Pounds Five Shillings or Six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three • pence of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be applied for Pay-* ment of Life-rent Annuities to the respective Widows of such 120*

4 Minifters of the said Church, or of tne Heads, Principals or 4 Matters in the Univerfities aforesaid, amounting to Ten Pounds,

• Fifteen Pounds, Twenty Pounds or Twenty five Pounds of like 4 Money, in Proportion to such of the aforesaid annual Rates re*

4 fpeftively, as they should have chosen 5 and also to the making Pro- $ **

4 vision respectively for the Children of the (aid Minifters, Heads,

4 Principals and Matters amounting to the Sum of One hundred 4 Pounds, One hundred and Fifty Pounds, Two Hundred Pounds 4 or Two hundred and Fifty Pounds of like Money, and in the like 4 Proportion ; and it was further enacted, that the Excefs or Surplus * 3C'

4 of the aforesaid annual Rate andoftke Interett of the Capital

3X3





C.cfxi*.	54^G£^.	III.

-i :•	‘ which had already been accumulated pursuant to former A&* tud

- f 4 other Sums payable by virtue of the aforesaid Aft* after Payment k - f, 4 the Annual Expence of Management add of the Auftuitfes to V4‘	Widows and Provifions to Children, tlierein specified, ihould be

ti\ f lent out upon proper Security until the Capital of One hundred

*	thou land Pounds, therein mentioned* should be made up and cotn-4 pleted, when all farther Accumulation ihould cease, and dm € Surplus be disposed of at the Option of the Contributors: And

*	Whereas after the said Capital did attain the aforesaid Amount* the

§ 33*	* Contributors on being called upon in the manner directed bv the

1 said recited Aft, to give an Opinion as to the future Difpoul of 4 the Surplus Revenue* did determine that it should be applied fokly

*	to the Benefit of the Widows of the Contributors : And Whereas

*	from the encreased Expence of Living and Decrease in the Valfee ‘ of Money* the Annuities and Provifions fixed by the laid recited € Aft are found to be now totally inadequate to the Support of the

*	Widows and Children of Mmifters and Profefiors; and it has *;cbecotae expedient, for the Purpofe of remedying this great and f encreeling Evil, and to prevent the Recurrence of a finabrr

Urgency, to make certain Alterations in' the (aid recited Aft, ♦-amd on the Annual Rates thereby made payable, which cannot be

*	effected without the Aid and Authority of ParbamentMay it therefore please Your. Majesty that it may be enacted ; and he it enafttd by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the

..	Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

_	.	> mens, in this present Parliament affembled* and by the Authority of

t^ie	That every Minifter who was poffefied of a Benefice in

*c> encreased. * the Church of Scotland, and every Perfon who was poffefied of the Office of Head, Principal or Maffer in any of the Univerfities of Saint Andrews^ Glafgoiv% Edinburgh and Aberdeen* on or before the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen* and who as a Contributor to the said Fund is now subject to one or other of the annual Rates before specified, shall pay yearly an Addition of Twenty Pounds per Centum upon his present annual Rate; that is to fay, instead of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six pence, Three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine pence, rive Pounds Five Shillings or Six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three pence of lawful Money of Great Britain, as directed by the said recited Aft* he foil henceforth pay according to the Rate to which he is already fub-jested, either Three Pounds Three* Shillings, Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six pence, Six Pounds Six Shillings'or Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six pence of lawful Money of Great Britain ; which encreased annual Rate, every such Minifter* Head* Principal and Mailer, shall be bound* and he is hereby required to make Payment of, to the General Colleftor of the Fund enahliihed by the feld recited Aft, on or before the Term of Candlemas 9 or the Second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, for the Year preceding Michaelmas One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and shall continue to pay such encreased Rate at each Term of Candlemas thereafter during his Life, notwithstanding he may hate ceased, or shall hereafter cease. to be a Minifter of the said Church, or a Head* Principal or Mafter in any of the laid Untverfities, by Refignation* Deprivation, or m any outer way.

II. Pro*





A.D. i8i4-

54* geo. ra.

C, clxi*.

1047

II. Provided always, and be it ena&edL That it shall be lawful for any Mimfter who was possessed of a Benefice in the Church pf Mmrttmt See. Scotland, and for any Perfon who was pofTefled of the Office pf 7k^dy amftnt-Head, Principal or Mailer in any of the Univerfities, or who was cd to cncrsafci subject to the Payment of one or other of the Annual Rates payable Ram may under the said recited Ad, before the said Fifteenth Day of May dsdint.

One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and who has not already declared his Confent to the Encreafe of the Annual Rates herein specially directed and provided, to decline acceding to the Payment of any encreased Annual or other Rates by a Notice in the Form following:

4 To the General Colle&or of the Minifters* Widows* Fuad, Nsiice. Edinburgh*

A* B. Minifter of the Pariih of	(or,	Head,

‘ Principal, or Mailer of the Univerfity of	,	or

*	a Contributor to the Fund after mentioned, as the case may be}, do

*	hereby certify to you. That I do decline to accede to the Payment

*	of anj encreased Annual or other Rates, authorised by an A & of

*	the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards « the Fund for a Provifion for the Widows aod Children of the

Minifters of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principal*

*	aad Mailers in the Univerfities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow,

c Edinburgh and Aberdeen.	A, B. Dated the

*	Day	of	One	thoufand	eight	hundred

4 and	/	.	n___t

Which Notice shall be signed by him, and addressed to the General

CoHe&or of the Fund ; and which Notice, if he shall not be refident	v	, ‘	/

in the Webern or Northern Ides of Scotland, he shall deliver or caufc	1	Va

to be delivered at the said Colle&or’s Office in Edinburgh, on or

before the Second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and

fisteen, but which, it he shall be resident in the said Weftera or

Northern Ifles, he shall deliver or cause to be delivered on or before

the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen ; and

in Default ot such Notice being given, every such Minifter of the

Church of Scotland, and every such Head, Principal or Mailer in

any of the said Univerfities, shall be deemed and adjudged to be

liable to the Payment of the encreased Annual and other Rates

herein particularly specified, during aH the Days of his Life: Pro- piwfo*

vided always, that no Contributor who shall have resigned or (hall

have been deprived of his Benefice or Office before the Fifteenth

Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be

fubje&ed to or be liable to the Payment of any of the Additions

hereby made to the Annual or other Rates, unless such Contributor

stall, by a Writing under his Hand, addressed and delivered to the

find General Colledor on or before the Second Day of February

One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, declare hit Willingnefs and

Delire to accede to the Payment thereof.

III. And be it enacted. That every such Mimfter, Head, Principal Minifters to *r Matter, at aforesaid, who has been admitted since the Fifteenth make Eleven Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or who ****!* ® fhau hereafter be admitted to a Benefice- in the Church of Scotland, *m ctrtIja ‘ or to any of the said Offices in any of the Univerfities aforefsid, Rats.

shall make hit Ele&ion of* one or other of the shove mentioned encreased yearly Rates to which he choofcs to be subject thereafter

t X 4

*	*	Digitized	by

C. clxix.

54° GEO. III.

A.D.1814.

rnittcd alter 40 Years of Age.

19 O.3. u 10. $ 7• “•

during his Life, in the way and manner prescribed hy the said recited Ad; and every Such respective Minifler, Head, Principal or Mailer as a fore faid* neglecting to give Notice of his Election ia manner therein mentioned, Shall be deemed and adjudged to have made hii Election of the encreased annual Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six pence, and shall be liable for the Payment of the said Rate accordingly during his Life. sr* IV. And be it enaaed. That besides the Sums payable by the Marriage, or of° recited Ad of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present having been ad- Majclly by every Minifler, Head, Principal, Mailer or other Perfoa as aforesaid respectively, on account of his Marriage, or of having attained the Age of Forty Years before his Admission, and who shall not decline fubjeding himself to the encreased annual Rates in manner before mentioned; or having ceased to have Right to his JBenefice or Office before the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, who shall have signified his WillingneU and Defire to be fubje£l thereto, there shall be paid by every such Minifler, Head, Principal, Matter or other Perfon as aforesaid, aa Addition thereto at the Rate of Twenty Pounds per CaUmm on the Sums payable in the several cases before mentioned, as directed by the said last recited Ad.

‘ V. And Whereas in farther Aid of the said Fund a great Majority < of the Contributors thereto have entered into a Subscription to * raise an additional Sum to be applied to the Purpofes of this Ad:

‘ And Whereas although some Part of the Sum so fubferibed has 4 been already paid to the Colledor of the laid Fund, the greater 4 Proportion thereof is ttill unpaid, and it is of the utxnott Impor-4 tance to the Purpofes of this Ad that the Sums fubferibed flbould ‘ be made good within a reasonable time ;* Be it enacted, That every , Sum fubferibed which shall not have been paid to the laid ^ “V1*' y Colledor at his Office in Edinburgh on or before the Second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, shall bear Interett from that Date at the Kate of Five Pounds per Cemium per Annum} and every such Minifler, Head, Principal, Matter or other Perfon, liable for the Payment of the Sums so fubferibed; shall thereafter be bound and obliged to make Payment of the lawful Intereil of such Sums remaining unpaid, along with the Amount of his original Subfcription.

VI. And be it enacted, That every Prefbytery of the Church of Scotland, and each of the said Univtrfities which shall not, previous £0 the palling of this Ad, have made Returns of Xafts of such of their Members as shall have joined in the laid Subfcription and of the Sums fubferibed by them respectively, certified and attetted by the Moderators and Clerks of the Prefbyteries, or Principals and Clerks of the Univerfities respectively, shall, on or before the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, or where such Prefbyterks shall be within the said Weflern or Northern Ifles, on or before the Firfl Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, along with the Annual Litts required by the said recited Ad of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Hi» present Majetty, transmit to the Cferk of the laid	fuch

Lifts so certified and attetted under a Penalty of Ten Pounds Sterling, to be levied by the said Colledor from the Moderators and Clerks of such Preiby wries, and from the Principals and Ckxks of such Uni*

verfities

Subfcription* entered into in aid

or to bear In ttreft.

Prefbytrries and Univtrfuies to trar.fmit Lifts of Subic: iptious.

19 0.3. C. 20, $46.

Penalty.



■y 

1049

540 GEO. m.

C. clxi*.

verfities as shall have failed to transmit such certified and attested .Lifts ’within the time Hereinbefore limited.

VII.	And be it fnrther enacted, That every Perfon who shall for the first time be admitted to a Benefice in the Church of Scotland, or to anf Office in any of the said Univerfities after the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be subject to pay to the Colle&or of the said Fund the Sum of Ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, by way of Contribution, as being nearly the Average of the original Subscriptions before mentioned $ Vhich Sum of Ten Pounds shall be payable by Two equal Inflalments along with the Two Pirft Payments of his Annual Rate, and shall bear Intereft and be leviable in the fame manner as such Rates bear Intereft and ate leviable.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid encreased Annual Rates, and other Sums by the said recited Aft or by this A& made payable by the present and future Minifters of the Church of Scotland, and by the present and future Heads, Principals and Mafters in the Univerfities aforesaid, and the aforesaid Sums already subscribed, or which may hereafter be subscribed as aforesaid by the said Minifters, Heads, Principals or Mafters in the said Church and Univerfities, shall be privileged Debts and preferable to all other Debts of the said Minifters, Heads, Principals and Mafters, not only upon their Benefices and Salaries respectively, but also on their whole other Perfonal Eftate ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwith-Itanding.

IX.	And be it enacted. That when any Parifh in the Church of Scotland becomes vacant by the Death, Transtation, Refit; nation or Deprivation of an Incumbent holding the Paftoral Cure and Benefice of such Parifh, and that vacant Stipend thereby arises subsequent to the Crop and Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, such vacant Stipend, in so far as it has heretofore been applicable by the Patron to pious Purpofes shall thenceforth and in all time to come be levied in manner hereinafter mentioned and paid to the said General Colle&or, who is hereby authorized to levy and discharge the fame by himself, Ids Deputies or Factors, and he is also hereby authorized and required to apply the Produce thereof to the Purpofes of this A&, under the Directions of the Trustees appointed to manage the said Fund ; any Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

* X. And Whereas by an A& pafjfed by the Parliament of Scot-

*	land, in the First Parliament of King William and Queen Mary,

*	intituled Aft anent the vacant Stipends in Argylefhire 5 the vacant ‘ Stipends accruing within the laid Shire were withdrawn from the

*	Patrons of the several Pariftyes, and made payable to the Synod of 4 J^rgyle or tHeir Fa&ors to be applied by them to certain Purpofes

*	fpecificd in the said A&: And Whereas it is expedient that the 1 whole vacant Stipends throughout Scotland fhoula be applied and < disposed of in one uniform mannerBe it therefore enacted, That when any Parifh shall Hereafter become vacant within the said Shire of Argyle, by the Death, Transtation, Refignadon or Deprivation of any Mmifter holding the Paftoral Cure and Benefice of the said Parifh, and vacant Stipend shall thence arise which by the said last recited A& would be liable to be disposed of by the laid Synod of Argyle ; all such vacant Stipend shall in future be levied, paid and applied in the fame manner and under the fame Regulations as are herein pro-

vided

Perfon first time admitted to Benefice, Sec. to pay Fine of 10I

f Sic.

Rates,Sec. to be privileged Debts.

Vacant Stipends applied to Purpofes of Aft.

Scotch Ad William Sc Mary.

Vacant Stipend-: within Synod of Aqjyle, applied like other vacant Stipends.





io5°

prt vifo for

>«ncd of Arfjle.

Vtovifo for i und termed the Ann.

Vjcint Stipend received by Col-lee 4 or and his Deputies.

*9 0.3. C. 20.

So G. 3. c. 84. §18.

C.clxix.	$4?	GEO. m.	A	.Dr	1814.

vided with regard to vacant Stipend# in wery other Eaxtfi whip Scotland, and that for the Crop and Year One 'thoutaid right hundred and eighteen* and all succeeding Crop* and Year*; any thing in tike said lad recited A& to the contrary DOtwfchftanding ;,hmt nothing in this Ad contained shall be coaftrucd to extend to deprive the said Synod of Argyle of any Right they may have or claim by Lav or Cudom to dispose of the Rent of Manfet and Glebes* or of the Sums paid in lieu of Manfes* termed Manfc Money* within the tad Shire of Argyle.

XI.	Provided always and be it ended. That nothing- in thu Ad contained shall affect or be construed to affect the Right which the Widow and neared of Kin of a deceased Minider hove by JUv to One Halfyear** Stipend in Name of Amu

XII.	And be it ena&ed* That at often as any Portion of vocrot Stipend shall occur in any Pari(h within the Bounds of any Prribjr-tery of the Church of Scotland, the Moderator of.such Prefbyteyy it hereby expressly required within Three Calendar Months* or -if the Parifh be situated within the said Wederu or Northern Ifles* wkhn Six Calendar Months* after the Terms of IVbitfimday or MubaAmm, at which such vacant Stipend shall become due* to make^ latimatjos thereof by a Writing under bis Hand to the General CoUedor of the said Fund at his Office in Edinburgh ; which Writing shall alio coo* tain an atteded Lid of the several Heritors* or others by whom such vacant Stipend is payable* and of the Proportion thereof payable by each of them, according to the bed of the Knowledge and Belief of such Moderator, after having used all the means in his Power to prtw cure Information ; and such Moderator is also hereby required, within Three Calendar Months after such vacant Stipend shall become due* to give Intimation or Notice in Writing to the several Heritors and others by whom the fame may be due* that they are required under the Authority of this Ad to make Payment thereof to the tad General Colledor or his Deputies or Fador demanding the fame*' on or before the First Day of May immediately following the Terms of Whktfmn* day or Michaelmas, at which it may have become due ; and if the Moderator of any Prefbytery shall in any case neglect to make fuck In-timations in manner hereinbefore mentioned* such Moderator and the other Members of such Prefbytery shall in that Event be liable, and they are hereby required to pay and make rood to the tad General CoUedor the whole of such vacant Stipend at their own Expence; but in such Event such Moderator and other Members of thePrdby* tery becoming liable for such Payment shall be entitled to levy* uplift and receive iuch vacant Stipend from the relpedive Heritors and others by whom the fame may be due* and to grant Receipts for the fame* and shall have the fame Remedies for Recovery thereof* as the said General CoUedor would have for Recovery of the tanr. »

< XIII. And Whereas there is at present an unappropriated Ba» ‘ lance remaining in the Hands of the Troftces of the Fad efts-

*	blifbed under the Authority of the tad recited Aft of theNwe*

<	teenth Year of His present Majefty* to which certain Dooms

<	have been added: And Whereas certain Sinus art made payable w

<	the General Colledor under an Ad of the Fiftieth Year of Ha

*	prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 for augmenting Parochial Stifmh 1 in certain Cafes in Scotland: And Whereas a Sum of Money ha

*	been granted to the said Trustees out of the Biihop’s Rests ia &*>

16



‘

C. cliix,

AjOtiSfy.	$$	GEO.	III.

1051

*	/**# ;’ Be it therefore enacted, That the (aid unappropriated Ba- Funds applicable lattee', with the Amount of the Donations added thereto, the said to Purpoie^ of Sums made payable to the Colleftor as aforesaid, under the said Aft

ofMt& Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty in so faT as they have beed already recovered, or may hereafter be received, together with the Amount *of the said Donation out of the Bi(hop’s Rents, and inclu&ng the Intereft which has arisen or may hereafter arise from these several Souroes, shall in all time coming be applicable to the Purpofes of this present Aft, to which the said Truflees are hereby authorized and required to apply them in manner hereinafter mentioned. '

* XIV. And Whereas since the Capital Stock mentioned in the x9 G. 3.0.2*.

*	forefaid Aft of the Nineteenth Year ot His present Majesty was com-

*	pieced, there has been a Yearly Surplus divided among the Widows,

*	in virtue of the said Aft, added to the original Annuities provided ‘ t<y them, which Annual Surplus varies considerably in its Amount

*	in different Years, whereby the Widows are left m uncertainty as

*	to the Extent of the Income which they are to receive in any one

9 Year :* Be it therefore enacted, That at the dated Meeting of the Prefent Annul*

fafid Trustees on the Third Tue/day of February One thousand eight t,es *lualize<k

hundred and fisteen, the said Trustees shall calculate and ascertain the

fair Average of this Annual Surplus since it began to be divided,

which Average shall be fixed upon a9 the Sum to be divided among

the Number of Widows who may be then upon the Fund, aud the

Proportion of such Average Surplus which shall fall to each fuch

Widow (halt be fixed upon a& the Sum to be thereafter paid in each

Yea* to each Widow who may be from time to time on the Fund,

along with the original Annuities provided to them under the faid

recited Aft of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent

Majesty.

9 XV. And Whereas the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Centum € added by this present Aft to the Annual Rates payable under the

* Aft of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, will, by « being levied along with the said original Rates and incorporated

*	therewith, increase the Amount of the actual Annual Surplus ;* Be

it therefore enacted, That the whole Excefs of such Surplus beyond Application ef the Average to be (truck by the Trustees in manner before mentioned, E^c£of f h» February One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and paid annually regulated! *** to the Widows as aforesaid, shall be applicable to the Purpofes of this Aft, as the Produce of the said Twenty Pounds^rr Centum on the said original Rates, and shall be so applied by the said Trustees at their dated Meeting in February One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and at their dated Meetings in February in au subsequent Years.

‘ XVI. And Whereas from the great Number of Widows and

*	Orphan Families among whom it will have to be divided, the addi-

*	tional Income arising from the Funds above specified would dill if

*	immediately distributed be very inadequate to the Attainment of

‘ the Objefts which are in View ;* Be it therefore enacted, That the Capital Fund or Amount of the Subfcription hereinbefore mentioned with the Intereft St<** cre*ted arising thereon, the Sums to be received under the Authority of this Aft as Contributions of Ten Pounds from Perfons hereafter to be admitted t6 Benefices or Offices, the* annual Produce of vacant Stipends, the unappropriated Balance remaining in the Hands of the said Trustees including such voluntary Donations as may haye been

Digitizef^OOgle

50 G. 3. c. 84.

After Six Years an Addition nude to Annuities to Widows.

.50 G. 3. c. 84.

§ 18.

If no Widow,

Child or Children till certain Agv‘ entitled to Annuity of Widow.

C-clxix.	54*	GEO.	HI.	A.D.1814.

added thereto, with the Accumulation of Intereft thereon* the Sunu made payable to the said General CoHedlor under the said recited Ad of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty in so far as these Sums have been or may hereafter be recovered, the said Sun granted as a Donation out of the Bifhop’s Rents in Scotland, with the yearly Intereft thereon, together with the yearly, Produce of the annual Excefs on the foresaid Surplus beyond the Average hereinbefore directed to be calculated by the said Trustees on the Third Tue/day of February One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, shall be fet apart as a Capital Fund or Stock, of which the foie Management /hall be veiled in the Trustees appointed by the aforesaid A & of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign 01 His present Majesty, who are hereby authorized (with the Advice and Confent of the Lord Prefidcnt and the Two Senior Judges of the Court of Seffion, the Lord Chief Baron and the Senior Baron of the Court of Exchequer and of the Lord justice General and Lord Jultice Clerk of Scotland for the time being, or any Three of them), to lend out the several Sums of which this Capital Fund or Stock does or shall con ft ft, on good Security, or to veil the fame in the Government Funds or in Land, as they shall deem it to be mod for the Advantage of their Truft.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Interect, Dividends and Produce of such Capital Fund or Stock shall be added to the Principal, and accumulated for Six Years, from and after the Twenty second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fourteen ; and during this Term a separate Account shall be kept of the whole Produce of the said unappropriated Balance with its Accumulations, of th$ said annual Excefs arising as aforesaid from the Addition of Twenty Pounds per Centum upon the Original Rates, and of the Sums which may have been or may hereafter be received by the said Collector under the said recited Adi of the Fiftieth Year of ene Reign of His pjrefent Majesty ; and the said Trustees, at their stated Meeting on the Third Tue/day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, shall afeertain the total Amount of the Sams, Accumulations, and Interect, of which such separate Account is to be kept UP to, the Second Day of February then current, and from that Period the whole annual Produce of such total Amount of the Sums, Accumulations and Interect, of which such separate Account is to be

at, together with the whole annual Amount of the Excels which thereafter arise in manner before mentioned from the (aid Additioa of Twenty Pounds per Centum on. the original Rates, under the Re-ftridtion and with the Exception hereinafter menUooed, shall on the Twenty sixth Day of Map One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and thereafter annually, be distributed among the whole of the existing Widows, in Proportion to the Rates respectively chofea by their Hufbands, and among the Orphan Children of deceased Contributors, in manner and under the Reftriflions hereinafter mentiooed;

that is to fay, in every case in which there shall be no Widow left by a deceased Contributor, but a Child or Children, of whom One or more shall be under the Age of Eighteen Years, at the time when the first Addition shall be made to the Annuities of Widows under this present Adi, and whose Father shall have died after the Term of WhitJunday One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and after having subjected himself to the^Payment of an encreased annual Rate in Terms of this Adi, such Child or Children shall receive such a

y 

*

C. clxix.

1053

Sum yearly at would have been the Amount of the Addition or Encreafe of Annuity, which would have been payable m confe-quence of this Aft, to their Father’s Widow if (he had survived her Hufband 5 which yearly Allowance shall continue to be paid till the youngest or only Child shall have attained the Age of Eighteen Years complete, at the fame Terms and under the fame Rules as are directed as to the Payment of the encreased Annuities to Widows under this present Act : Provided always, that no such Annuity, or Provifo. any Part thereof, shall be payable to any only Child or Family of Children, after the youngest Child shall have attained the Age of Eighteen Years.

* XVIII. And Whereas the Excels before mentioned will be liable * to Variation in its Amount in different Years in the fame way as the g Original Surplus Be it en^sted, That the said Trultees at their Amount of Meeting on the Third Tuefday of February One thousand eight future Additions hundred and twenty one, shall calculate and afeertain the average t0 Annuities re-Amount of the annual Produce of this Excess, arising from the said loacer* Addition of Twenty Pounds ter Centum on the OriginS Rates during m y‘ the Six preceding Years ; which Average shall be fixed upon as the Sum to be divided among the Number of Widows and Families of Children who may then be upon the Fund; and the Proportion of such Average which shall fall to each such Widow or Family of Children, shall be fixed upon as the Sum to be thereafter paid in each Year to each Widow or Family of Children, which may from time to time be upon the Fund, out of this ^ajrifcular Branch of the Revenue: Provided always, that in making and calculating this Average, and all other Averages for similar Purpofes under this Aft, the fame shall be, if necessary, so mcreafed or diminished in the Option. of the said Trultees, as that no Payment to any Widow or Family of Children shall include a fractional Part of a Pound Sterling ; and when the Amount of the said Excefs shall fall (hort of the Average	.	-	.

so struck, such Deficiency shall be made good out of the accumulate ing Fund after mentioned, and that when there is an Overplus it shall be applied to the Purpofes of such accumulating Fund; and if it shall seem hereafter to be requisite by an Alteration of circumstances, the said Trultees may (trike a new Average of the Excefs at the Period of fixing any subsequent additional Diitribution made under this Aft.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That after the Produce of the After Fuft Dif-aflnual Excefs beyond the Average to be fixed in manner before men- t',but,ou n?w tioned on the Third Tuefday in February One thousand eight hundred	Pro-

and fisteen,, and the accumulated Balance in the Hands of the said Ccedi divided TVuftees, and the Donations already added thereto shall have ceased to equally among Form a Part of the aforesaid Capital Fund or Stock, in the manner Widows and hereinbefore dirested, then the Money railed by Subscription among, the Contributors, the Sums hereby appointed to be paid by future tnbut0”* Incumbents, corresponding to the Average of the original Subfcrip-tiofip, the Produce of the vacant Stipends, and the Sums which shall become due to the said Colleftor under the said recited Aft of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, from and after TUkrm of Michaetmas One thousand eight hundred and twenty, together with the before mentioned Donation out of the Bilhop’s Rents, shall continue to accumulate, with the Intereft and Proceeds; thereof, during a further Period of Six Years from the Twenty fecond

Day



Future Addition* made to Annuities to Widow* and Children.

Additions ply-able as former Annuities were p*/iWe-

Additions tuid only in so far at CoBe£lor may have Funds in Hand.

C.clxlx.	54®*	GEO:	III.	A.IXU14

Day of Novcmbcn One M2idu£ind eight hundred and twfcady, the End of which Period such certain yearly -Sum at may W thought ti. pedient by the said Ttfufteet, but not m any Event «nee<Bog T*o Thirds of the annual free Revenue1 which fhatt^then belong tw tie said Capital Fund or Stock, including in such Revenue the annual Produce of vacant Stipends, and other Funds eRimated according to a fur Average, shall again be fet apart and added to the Annuities of Widows and Orphan Families; and such additional Annuities Hull not be diRributea with any Reference to the Amount of Rates, bit shall be equally divided among all the Widows and Families, to what-ever Clafs of Contributors their Hufbanda Or Fathers slay haw belonged.

XX.	And be it further eoacted, That, from and tft(V the Date when this Second Addition shall have been made to the Annuities of Widows and Orphan Families, the unappropriated Part pf the £aid Capital Fund or Stock, and the Produce thereof, or Revenue belonging thereto, shall be allowed to accumulate during such a further Period of not less than Fourteen Years as the Troftees shall then jodge expedient, when a certain additional yearly Sum out of this Fund shall again be fet apart for the Benefit of the Widows and Orphan families in manner before mentioned ; which Sum shall be divided m the fame Manner and under the fame Regulations as are prefer ibed for the Second Increafe of Annuities under this Ad 5 and m alt times thereafter, at such Intervals as the Truflees shall judge expedient (each Interval being not less than Fourteen Years), fSnikr Additions, regulated exactly in the fame manner, shall be made to the Annuities of Widows and Orphan Families; care heme affrays had not to circumfcrihe too much tne Operation of the said Capital Fund or Stock ; it being the true Meaning and Intent of this A6t that there fhaU always belong to such Capital Fund or Stock such a $uas dr Revenue as may admit from time to time of an Advance to the Annuities of the Widows and Orphan Families of Contributors in fbaie Degree comfpqnding to what may be the encreased Expence of Living, and to the consequent Exigencies of their Sknstins

XXI.	And be it ensued. That every Addition mode to the Annuities of Widows or Orphan Families incooftqueoce of this Ad, shall be paid to them by tne General CoUe&or, at the fame time and under the fame Regulations as are at present in force fine the Payment of Widows’ Annuities under the Authority of the said lectttd- Aft of the Nineteenth Year of His present MajeRy: Provided always, that it shall appear to the (aid TruRees at their Rated Meeting at the Third Tucfdaj of May yearly thfrt the Fuads actually recovered under this present Ad, and then in the Hands of the CoUe&or, am sufficient for the Payment of such Additions$ but it is hereby ex-prefsly provided and declared, that the Colledor shall not be bound to mbke good to the Widows and Children the Addition* made It the said Annuities as aforesaid, beyond the Sums he shall have a&uafiy recovered, out of which such Additions are to arise, or from the Funds committed to the Charge of the said TruRees under this AS at the time of such Annual Meeting on the Third Tnefisy of Jftsy, it being always underRood that such Collector shall be bound at the bid Rated Meeting in Mayf yearly, to exhibit an exa£t Accent: of the Funds from which such Additions should arise, so as to enable the said Trufteea to fettle precisely the actual Sums ready to be diftri-

buted}





C. clxix*

i°SS

lmted 5 but if in any one Tear, this feid Widows and Children shall Ftotri* alefa Addition to their Annuities than is hereby appointed add	*

ri*tto4©4 tor them through a Deficiency of Funds inther Hands of the CeUc&oty fdch Diminution shall be made op to them or their Representatives as the First subsequent Payment of Annuities under this Ad, and their Claim in this respect shall then be preferable to the unsruafed Annuities which shall then become payable.

tiXXlI* And be it farther enacted, That if any Minifter in the If any Minifter, Church tof Scotland* or any Head, Principal or Maker in the foresaid &c*refufe 10 *c-UnWerfiUes, who was admitted to his Benefice or Office on or before ofannuJPa -the Fifteenth Day of May of this present Year, shall, in consequence meats, hii of the Power hereinbefore referred to him, refuse to accede to an Widow, &c to Increafe upon his annual Rates, or any Contributor who shall have receive no Bem-ceafed to have Right to his Benefice or Office, shall not have signified fit mM,er Att* hia Willingnefe to accede to such Increase; in that Event neither the Widow, nor the Children of such Minifter, Head, Principal,

Matter or Contributor, shall derive any Benefit from the Funds frifedrot appropriated by virtue of this present A A, beyond One Half the Amount-of the Share hereby secured to other Widows or Families of Children under the First Diftribution hereinbefore di-rre£fed:to be made, from and after the Twenty second Day of No-metuber One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to which Half they are hereby declared to be entitled, but they shall have no Claim torfct Intereft in any subsequent Addition to be made to the An-	s

niliries to< Widows and Children.

tXXUL Aad be it further enacted, That if any such Minifter, If Mini a er, Head, Principal or Matter as aforefeid, acceding to an Increafe upon Secl-nc to join m his annual Rate, • shall decline to join in the Subscription hereinbefore Subscription, his mentioned* then the Widow and Children of such Minifter, Head,	JZ

Principal or Matter, shall be entitled only to share in the Benefit oniy from First arising from the ftrft Addition to be made to the Annuities of Addition to Widows and annual Provtfions to Children, in virtue of this Ad, Annuities, but shall have no Claim to or Intereft whatsoever in any second or subsequent Addition to be made, either to the Annuities of Widows, or to the Annual Provifions to Children under this Ad.

- XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may Time allowed bo lawful for any such Minifter, Head, Principal, Matter or Contn- for Psywmte butov Us afoeesaid, who shall have acceded to the Increafe on his

on or before the ChUdnn t0 w, Second Day of February One thou fend eight hundred and fisteen, Benefit tp*ter to entitle his Widow and Children to the full Benefit of this Ad, by A&. paying or by a Writing under his Hand addressed to the feid General Collector, on or before the Second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, or if refideat within the Weftern or Northern Ides, on or before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, obliging himself to pay to the said General Cot* fedor on the feid Second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, or if not then paid with legal Intereft from that Term a Sum equal at lead to the Average of the previous Subscriptions, within the Prefbytery or Univeriity of which he is a Member, or if there shall have been no previous Subfcription within such Prefbytery, a Sum equal at least to the Average of the previous Subscriptions in the Synod within the Bounds of which such Prefbytery ••	-

fe situated.

‘ XXV. And



i*$6

C. clxix.

54* geo. nr.

A.D. 1814-

if Gw 3. c.*o.	• XXV. And Whereas in the (aid recited Aft of the Nineteenth

*	Year of the; Rrig*i of His present Majedy, it is enacted, that att

*	incidental Expences Audi be paidjiy the General Collector, for

*	which he is to be allowed to take Credit in bis Accounts, provided ‘ she laid Expences do not in any One Year exceed the Sum of 1 Seventy Pounds of lawful Money of Gnat Britain ; but this Sum

*	having been found to be too limited 5* Be it therefore ena&od,

Expences of Col- That the General Colledor shall as heretofore be allowed to take lector allowed to	jB	his Account for the incidental Expences incurred by the

xtent ico Trustees, including the Collector's Postages, provided tliefe Expences shall not in any One Year exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

•	/ XXVI. And Whereas in the Execution of thi* poeient Ad

*	very conbderable additional Labour and Exptnce wilL-of nncdEty ‘ fall on the General Collector of the Trustees, who has no Allowance

*	for Expences made to him whatever by the laid roasted A4 of the

*	Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, and who can neceive do

*	Advantage or Emolument whatever from the Sums to he acenmu* ‘ lated under this ACtBe it therefore enacted, That the laid General Collector shall be entitled, and he is hereby authorized fen take

v..^- Credit in his annual Account of the Fund to be created an dev this torforVncidenta 1 Ad for the yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds to be paid to his Clerk,

Allowance to Collector’s Clerk, aud to General Collec-

Expen

Allowance to Clerk of Truf-tees under A&.

Allow creaftdky Trofteei,to

Expences of recovering Suns due paid by Detects or EftatfSt

rwNtdm

coming Races under fomwr

for his additional Labour in, coniequence of this ACfc, and alfofbr the further Sum of Twenty five Pounds yearly to defray his ow* incidental Expences, not including Poftages of Letters, for which he is to have Credit in the incidental Account of the Trustees in the Execution of the said recited A& of the Nineteenth Year of the lferigs of. Hif present Majesty.

1 XXVII. And Whereas a very considerable additional Labour 1 will also be imposed on the Clerk of the laid Trustees it the Exe-* qitkm of this A€tBe it enacted, That the iaid Gmnl CodeCtar shall be entitled to take Credit in. his annual Account, of the Fund to be created Under this ACt for the Sum of Twenty. Pounds, to be .paid from the said Fund to the said Clerk of the TruAees in Name of additional annual Salary.	;	.	»

XXVIII.	And be it enacted, That in case the Sams henriabefae r allowed to the General Collector and to the Clerk of: the Trofim shall hereafter appear to be inadequate, it (had in that.Euent be in the Power of the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorised IQ make such reasonable Additions thereto as they shall judge to be neceflarry subject to the Controul and Approbation of tne General Aficmbly of the Church of Scotland.

XXIX.	And be it enacted, That the full Expences that shall be incurred by the said General Collector or Receiver, or his Deputies or Favors, in levying and recovering Payment of tl* refpe&hm Sums which shall become due and payable in virtue of this Ad, or qua of the E dates or Effe&s of the Perfons neglecting or rdfofiftjg to sake regular Payment of the fame as hereby authorized and require^ (had be recovered out of their refpeCtiye Edates without any Taxation, Abatement or Mitigation; any Law or PraCtice to the contrary not with danding.

XXX.	And be it enacted, That all ACtien and Execution competent to the said General Collector by the said recited ACt of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the Recovery of any

Sums

v^ooQle

C. clxix—clxxi.

A.D. 1814.	54* GEO.	IIL



Bum* therein authorized to be levied and received by him,* shall also Ad extended tb be competent to him for the Recovery of all Sums of Money hereby authorized to be levied and recovered by him.

XXXI.	And be it enacted, That the said General Colledor shall Annual Ac-be bound stod obliged as f he is hereby expressly diredcd and re- 5u2i L° qoired to lay before the laid Trustees at their Meeting on the Fourth Tuefday of November yearly, an exact Account subscribed by him -of his whole Intromissions, with the Sums payable to him under the ' ** Authority of this Ad for the Year immediately preceding the First Day of November then current, together with an exact Lift fnbfcribed by him of the Arrears under 'this Ad then remaining unpaid; but it is hereby expressly provided and declared, that the laid General Col-ledor shall not be bound to advance or to make good any Part o£ the said Arrears except the Twenty Pounds per Centum incorporated with the Original Rates, until he shall actually have recovered the fame, but after having fatisfi :d the said Trustees that he has used aU

?roper Diligence, he shall be entitled to be annually discharged of his ntroraiffions.

XXXII.	And it is hereby enacted and declared. That the said Statement made Trustees shall be and they are hereby directed %nd required to subjoin to their annual Report to the General Affembly of the Church of	^

Scotland, a General Statement of the Amount*and Application of the Fund to be created under the Authority of this Ad, at the Period of their last Settlement of the CoHedoris annual Account.

XXXIII.	And be it enacted, That all and every the Powers aad Powers of Authorities, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things, in the said recited former A& n. Ad of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty •midrdto Ad. contained, shall be and continue in full Force and EfFed, in regard to the Rates and Duties thereby and by this Ad authorized -to be levied and paid, and the levying, recovering and applying the fame, except in so for as the fame are hereby repealed or expressly altered, or are in confident with or repugnant to this present Ad.

XXXIV.	And be it enacted. That the Expence of procuring E^pcocmofAA and palling this Ad shall be paid by the find General Colledor out h°* f*** of the first and readied of the Funds to be created uqder this Ad, at the Sight and by the Diredion of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized to give him Credit for the fame, at the First Clearance of his Accounts after the palling of the (aid Ad.

XXXV.	And be it enacted. That this Ad shall he deemed and Pufcttc Ad. taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of • as such by all Judges, JufUces and others, without being fpedaliy pleaded.

Cap. clxx.

An Ad to amend an Ad palled in the last Sellion of Parliament* G. j. for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol and other Buildings for c.lxxrii. the County and City of Edinburgh ; for opening Communications to the new Gaol, building a Bridge over the Love Calton; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	[20th	June	1814.]

Cap. clxxi.

An Ad for amending an Ad of the Fifty second Year of the	,

Reign of His present Majesty, for eftablilhing a Ferry over the c.cxlviiw River Thames from Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to the Isle 54 Geo. III.	3	Y	of



105ft	C.clxxi—dxxviii.	5^GB0. ID.	A.D.1814.

of Digs, in th* County of Middle feu, ind for making and maintaining Roads to communicate therewith. [20th Jttnt 1814.]

Cap. clxxii.

2j q, ^ c. 72. An Aft to repeal an Aft, palled in the Twenty ftrft Year of His present Majesty, for better maintaining and regulating the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock and Parifh of Stoke Damard, in the County of Devon and for other Purpofes* and granting further Powers in lieu thereof} for lighting, watching and other-. wife improving the said Town and Parifh, and regulating Porter* and Watermen therein.	[20th June	1814.]

** Commilfionera under 45 (7.3. r.xxxiv. may licence Porters and u Regifter Watermen.

Cap. clxxiii.

An Aft for paving, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the several Streets and other Public Places partly lying on the West Side of Maiden Lane* partly on the North Side of the New Road9 and partly on the West Side of the Pancrat Road near Battle Bridge, in the Parifh of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Nuifances and Obftruftions therein.

[20th June 1814.]

8 AhimuI*»

110,9.* 1*.

14 G. 2. c.x* 10 G.3. c. 108. 33 G. 3. & 183. 39*40 043-

tviii. repealed.

Cap. dxxiv.

Art Aft for repairing the Road from Seven Oaks Common to Wccdf-gate, Tunbridge Wells and Kipping91 Croft, and from Tunbridge Wells to Woodfgatc in the County of Kent. (h)

[20th June 1814.3

£Double Tolls on Waggons, fife, laden with Trees, Timber, fife, be* tween ijl Off. and ijl ApriL~\

Cap. dxxv.

An Aft for erecting a Shire Hall and Courts for the Admimftratkm of Juftice, and other Buildings for Public Purposes, for the County ; of Gloucester, and County of the City of Gloucejhr.

[28th June 1814.3

Cap. dxxvi.

30 G. 3. An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His 46 G. 3. c.cxxii. present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Oufe* m the County of Sufiex.	[28th	June 1814.3

[.Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.J

Cap. clxxviS.

xiO. 3.C.72. An Aft for more effectually draining and j^eferving certain Fen ^P*®1*1*	Lands,	and Low Grounds, in the Pari/hes of Stole ferry, North-

wold, Wretton, Werebam> West Dereham, Roxham» Fordham» Denver, Down ham Market, Wtmlotjham and Stow Bardolpht is the County of Norfolk.	[28th	June	1814.3

Cqp*clxxvui.

An Aft to enable The Briti/h Fire AJfuronce Office to foe and be sued in the Name of their Secretary.	£>8th	June	1814.]

Cap*



A.D.1S14.

54® GEO. m.	C. clxxir—dxxxvi.

Cap. clxxix.

An A61 to enable The Westminster Society for Infurance of Lives and Survivorship, and for granting Annuities, to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary.	[28th June	1814.3

t°59

Cap. clxxx.

An A 61 for repairing the Road from Pot ton in the County of Bedford\ and Gamlingay in the County of Cambridgc9 to Eynesbury in the County of Huntingdon. (a)	[28th	June 1814.3

Cap. clxxxi.

An A61 for veiling the Settled Eftates of Thomas Grove the elder and Thomas Grove the younger, in the Counties of Radnor, Derby and Somerset, in Trustees, in Trust, to be fold 5 and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the fame uses. (q. P.t

[28th JW 1814.]

Cap. clxxxii.

An A61 for veiling an Eftate of the Reverend Thomas Walker and Sarah his Wife, situate in or near the Borough of Lctcejler% comprized in the Settlement executed in pursuance of the Articles entered into previously to their Marriage, in a Truftee for Sale. (q. P.)	[28th	June 1814.]

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Portijhead, in the County of Somerset. (q. r.)	[28th	June 1814.J

Cap. clxxxiv.

An A61 for inclofingthe Borough Lands in the Parifh of Gatejheady in the County of Durham. (q. P.)	[28th	June 1814.]

Cap. clxxxv.

An A61 for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Beilby9 in the Parifh of Hay tony in the East Riding of the County of Tori. (jq. P.)

[28th June 1814.3

** Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, §i69 17.

Cap. clxxxvi.

An Ad for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the 7G.3.c.xr, Powers of Three Ads passed in the Seventh, Eighth and Eighteenth 8 G. 3. c’ 34 Years of His present Majefty’s Reign, for repairing and widening *8G. 3- « the Roads from Oxford over Hatley Caufoway to Fifield in the County of Berks, and Witney in the County of Oxford; and for more effectually repairing and amending the Road from and ont of the Witney Road at the Village of Botley9 into the (aid Road at or near Swinford Bridge. (b)	[ift July 1814.3

8 G. 3. c. 61.— 30 G. 3. c. 106. — 51 G. 3. c. xlvi. repealed as 44 to Road from Farmoor Houfes to the Witney Road at or near €t SwinfordBridge ; and 8 G. 3. c. 61. empowering Trustees of said 44 Fifield and Witney Roads to ered a Toll Bar, &c. at end of

3 Y 2	44	faid





tc6o	C.dxxxvi—cxci.	54* GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

M (aid Abingdon Road abutting on Witney Road at Striwford Bridge,

<* repealed.

[jFo/wt 7V& /o ceafty new Talk granted.'] x r

Cap. dxxxvii.

An Ad for the Sale of federal Meffuages and Lands in the Town of Northampton, and in the County of Buckingham, called Beckett's and Sargeant's Charity Eftatesy veiled in Truflees for charitable Purposes; and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, until a proper Purchafe of Real Eftate can be found ; and in the mean Time for applying the Dividends and Annual Produce thereof upon the Trulls of the Charity; and for other Purpofes. (q. P.)	[ift	July 1814.]

Cap. clxxxviii.

An Ad for veiling the legal Eftate in Premifes in the Counties of Radnor and Kenty the Property of Samuel Lewtn Esquire, upon the Ufes declared thereof, by Two several Indentures of Releafe and Common Recoveries fullered in pursuance thereof, (q. P.)

[ift July 1814.}

Cap. clxxxix.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Pariihes of Cardiagtom and Chunk St ret ton, in the County of Salop. (q.P.)	[ift	July	1814*3

Cap. cxc.

An Ad for inclofmg Lands in the Manor and Pariftt of Tarcmnhty in the County of Devon. (q. P.)	[ift	July	1814.}

44 No Leafe of Lands by Vicar of Tarcombe unless Coafent of His M Majesty, his Heirs or SucceiTors, as Patron of the Vkanurc, f M Compenfations for Tithes, f 40, 41, 41* Confetti of Patron of 11 die Vicarage for the time being to final Award of Ceat-44 missioner, § 43.

Cap. cxci.

An Ad to enable the Governor, Deputy Governor and Diredota of the Society called * The British Society for extending the Fifheries,

* v and improving the Sea Coafts of the Kingdom,9 to levy certain '• Rates and Doties on Veffels frequenting their Harbours.

[14th July 1814.]

*6 G.j.c.io6. « YY7HEREAS an Ad pafied in the Twenty sixth Year of dm • W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for tnrsr-4 porating certain Perjbiu therein named, by the Name and Style of 4 44 The Brkiftt Society for extending the Ft/heriet and improving tie 4 Sea Coafi of the Kingdomand to enable them, when incorporated, 4 to fuhfcribe a Joint Stocky and therewith to purchase Lands, and 4 build thereon -free Towns and Villages y and Fijbtng Stations in the 4 Highlands and//lands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, $ 24.	• and for other Purfofis; with Power to chooie a Governor, Deputy

4 Governor and Directors, and with other Powers for accompliOnag 4 the Objedt of their Inftitution: And Whereas pursuant to the U 4 recited Adof Parliament, tbc laid Society acquired certain Laadi

* adjoining

A.D.i8(4*	54° GEO. in.	C.cxcu	1061

• adjoining to the River Wick, in the County of	whereon < they erected a Harbour called Pulteney Harbour ; partly by mean*

•	of an Aid from Government, and partly out of Subfcriptions to

•	their Joint Stock, and they have also built a Town called Pulteney 4 Town, adjoining to the said Harbour; and they have also acquired 4 Lands, and built other Harbours, videlicet, at Tobermory> in the 4 Ifle of Mull, in the County of Argyll; at Loch bay, in tne Ifle of 4 Sky, in the County of Inverness; and at Ullapool, on the Coafl of

•	Lochbroom, in the Counties of Roft and Cromarty : And Whereas 4 the said Harbours, and the Works conaeded therewith, are liable 4 to frequent Injury from heavy Storms, and the fame cannot be

•	kept in good and sufficient Repair, unless a Fund shall be raised 4 for that Purpofe by certain Rates and Duties to be levied upon

•	Veflels frequenting the fame;’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the ,Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament anembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from Rates levied, and after the palling of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor, Deputy Governor and Diredors of the said Society, or

any Perfon or Perfons by them appointed in that behalf, to levy, or direct to be levied, for or in respect of all Ships or Vefleis, as often as they shall resort to, enter or use any of the said Harbours, or any of* the Works connected therewith, such Sum or Sums of Money as.they shall think proper, not exceeding the Amount of the following Rates and Duties ; videlicet.

For every Ship, Veflel or Boat under the Burthen of Fifteen Tons being the Property of His Majefty's Subjeds, Inhabitants of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Sum of .One Penny per Ton i

If of the Burthen of Fifteen Tons, and under the Burthen of Forty five Tons, the Sum of Two pence per Ton :

If of the Burthen of Forty five Tons and upwards, the Sum of Four pence per Ton :

Provided always, that for any Veflel coming in Ballall, there shall be paid only Two pence per Ton :

For all Foreign Ships or Vefleis, Double the above Rates and Duties respectively.

. .II. And be it enacted. That, for and in respect of Ships er Father Rates

Veflels exceeding the Burthen of Fifteen Tons, loading and unload- upon k»dh* and

ing at any of the (aid Harbours, it shall and may be lawful for the tmfeadmf.

said Governor, Deputy Governor and Diredors, to levy such further

Rates and Duties for and unon each loading or unloading of fuch

Ships or Vefleis, as they mall think proper, not exceeding the

Amount of the Rates and Duties hereby gnuated upon the Tonnage

of such Ships or Veflels respectively: Provided always, that fnch

further Rates and Duties dull not exceed the Sum of Four pence

per Ton upon Salt, Coals and Lime; the Sum of One Penny per

poll upon Grain and Meal; the Sum of One Penny upon every

Barrel of Herrings; and the Sum of Two pence per Barrel-Bulk

upon all other Articles and Commodities, or Five per Cent«, upon

the Freight for all Articles and Commodities which cannot be

reduced to Barrel-Built i Hoops, Staves, Heeding and Bum-wood,

3Y 3	«ad

v^ooQle

io6a

Allowances, in case any VefTel shall remain in Harbour longer than particular Period*

Hii Majefty** Ships exempted.

Compofition made for Fi(h-iug VefleU.

Payment of Rates enforced.

Provifion in case Vjyment of Rates eluded or evaded.

C.cxci,	GEO.	IU.	A-D.1814.

and empty Caflca excepted, which (hail t*t be liable in any Duty upon loading or unloading.

III.	And be it further enacted. That if any Ship, VefTel or Boat, shall be and remain in any of the said Harbours for any longer Period, at any one time, than the Space of Ten Days during the Fifhing Seafon 5 videlicet, from the First Day of July to the First Day of November, then it shall and may be lawful for the (aid Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, to levy, or direct to be levied, such further additional Rates or Allowances, over and above the Rates and Duties hereinbefore authorized to be taken, as the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors shall think proper, not exceeding the Amount of the Rates and Duties hereinbefore authorized to be taken.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That all Ships or other Veflels belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majesty, in the Departments of the Admiralty, Navy, Ordnance, Victualling, Transport, Cuitoros, Excife, Poft Office, or any other Department of His Majefty’s Government, shall be exempted from the Payment of all and every the above Rates and Duties.

V.	Provided also, and be it enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors of the said Society, or any Perfon or Perfons appointed by them in that behalf, to receive and accept from any Mailer, Commander or Owner of any VefTel or Boat engaged in the Herring or White Fifbery, uiing any of the said Harbours, such Compofition for the said Rates and Duties, payable at such times and in hick manner as shall be directed by the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Dire&ors.

VI.	And be k further enabled, That in case any Masser, or other Perfon or Perfons having Charge or Command of any Ship, Ve/Td or Boat, charged or chargeable with any of the above Rates, shall refuse or negle6f to pay the fame, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons appointed by the (aid Governor, Deputy Governor aud Dire&ors, to go on board such Ship or Veflel, and to demand and receive the said Rates and Duties; and if the fame shall not be paid, to seize, poind and didrain such Vefiel, and all her Tackle, Apparel or Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and the fame to detain until the said Rates and Duties shall be satisfied and paid ; and if the fame shall remain unpaid for the Space of Ten Days after such Seizure and Detention, then it shall and may be lawful for the CoJle&or or Collectors to cause the fame to be appraised by any Two or more Sworn Appraisers or other sufficient Perfons not interested therein, and afterwards to fell the fame, and therewith to satisfy as well the Rates and Duties (o aegle&ed and refused to be paid, as the reasonable Charges in seizing, keeping, appraifing and felling such Ship, Veflel or Boat, or her Tackle, Apparel or Furniture, or such Part thereof as shall have been seized and detained as afore said, rendering the Overplus if any, on Demand, to the Mafter, Commander or Owner or Owners of such Ship, Veflel or Boat.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Mafter, Commander or other Perfon or Perfons having the Charge or Command of any Ship, Veflel or Boat, (haU elude or evade the Payment of the Rates and Duties hereby granted, or airy Part thereof, each and every Perfon so eluding or evading such Payment, and every Owner or

fuch





A.D. if 14.

54* QEO. HI*



such Ship, Veflel, or Boat who, upon Demand made, shall refnfie pr delay to make Payment of such Rates or Duties so eluded or evacted,

/hall Hand charged with, and forfeit a Sum equal to Double the Rates Penalty, and Duties so eluded or evacted, and such Sum shall and may be recovered with Double Colls of Suit, by all means and remedies by which any Sum or Sums of Money to the fame Amount may by Law for the time f be sued for and recovered ; and such Ship, Veflel or f £/* Boat, wherever found, may be seized and detained until Payment shall be made of Double the Rates and Duties so eluded or evacted, and such Colls of Suit; and upon Notice thereof, it shall not be lawful for any Colledor or other Officer of tjis Majefty’s Cuftoms, to permit or allow such Ship or VelTel to be entered Inwards or Outwards at any Port where such Ship or VelTel shall be, unless or until Double the Amount of such Rates and Duties, with such Colls of Suit, shall have been satisfied and paid, and a Certificate of such Payment under the Hand of the Perfon authorized to receive the fame, shall have been produced to such Colledor or Officer of the Culloms.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Tonnage and Adraea- Tonnage how furement of all Ships or Veffels required to be registered bypny Ad Pertained, or Ads of Parliament of the Kingdom of Gnat Britain, or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Inland* which shall resort to, enter or use any of the said Harbours, or Works conne&cd therewith, shall be afeertained according to the certified Tonnage in the Ship’s Regifter; and the Mailer, or other Perfon having the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Veflel, is hereby required to produce the Certificate of Regiftry when demanded, to the Perfon or Perfons appointed to collect the said Rates or Duties; or in case of any Diipute in or about or concerning the fame, or in case of any Dispute in respect of the Tonnage of any Ship, Veflel or Boat not required to be registered, or of any Foreign Ship or Veflel, then the Tonnage of any such Ship or VelTel shall be afeertained in the manner and according to the Diredioas of an Ad passed in the Twenty m Car.*, c, tS. sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for the Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

IX* And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for RstetsltereA the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Diredors, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Rates and Duties, and again to raise the fame to such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before mentioned*

X.	And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Governor, Rates leafed. Deputy Governor and Diredors, to let to farm ail or any of the Rates or Duties hereby granted, to any Perfon or Perfons, for any Term they shall think proper, not exceeding Three Years from the Commencement of any such Leafe.

XI* And be it enacted. That the Rates and Duties hereby granted Application of /hail be applied in Re-imbuHement to the said Society, o1 the Ex- Raies* pence# incurred io the pafling of this Ad, in paying to the Magif-trates and Town Council of the Burgh of Wick such Sum or Sums of Money as may be agreed upon by and between the laid Governor,

Deputy Governor and Diredors, and die said Magistrates and Town Couneil, to be paid to the latter on any Account for or in respect of the said Harbour of Pulteney Town, also in maintaining ana re-pairing or improving the said Harbour of Pulteney Town, and the

3Y4

Works

	C

JOfit C. ckc'u	54*	OBOtflL	A.D. 1814*

> 1 Works counted therevrithfMdJn^ tawing and repairing or Improving the &id other Hirbofart at Tobtrm»ry\ LMbaj add URaftoU - and the Works connected therewith; and iir paying the Perfons employed in and* about the (Same, and ip coUeding the said Rates and Duties.	t-	•

Vefltls rt-	XII.	And	be it further ena&cd# That the laid Governor, Deputy

mor«d from oat Governor and Diredort, or the Perfon or Perfbnsrappointed by them Birth tu another* in that behalf, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, when and so often as it shall be found necessary, to remove, or cause to be removed, any Ship* Veffel or Boat, lying ia any of the (aid Harbours, or Works oonneded therewith, from the Birth or Lying-place at which any Ship, Veffel or Boat, shall happen to be stationed or moored at the Time, to any other Birth or Lying* place, as they shall think proper ; and in case * the M after* Mate or other Perfon having or taking the Command or Charge of any fnch Ship, Veffel or Boat, shall after Notice given to hkm m Writing, or left in Writing on board the Ship, Veffel or Boat, intended? to be removed, shall neglect or refuse to remove or cafttfe to he removed, during the first High Water or Tide after such Notice, the (aid Ship, Vefiel or Boat, from her laid Birth or Lying-place, to loch other Birth, Lying-place or Mooring-place, as (haH be appointed by the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Dsre&ors, or the Perfon or Perfons appointed by them in that behalf, then the faid/ Governor, Deputy Governor and Dire&ors, or such Perfon tjr Perfear shall have Power, and they are hereby empowered, after such NerM or Refufal to remove or cause to be removed, such Ship, VdEd or Boat, from her then Birth or Lying or Mooring-place, to such other Birth or Mooring-place as the (aid Governor, Deputy Governor and Dire&ors, or fuen Perfon or Perfons (haU think proper 1 and-the Owner or Owners, or the Mafter of such Ship, Veffel or Bart 6> removed as aforesaid, shall pay to the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Dire&ors, or such Perfon or Perfons so to be appointed by them, all such Cods and Charges as shall be reasonably expended m runow-*	ing such Ship, Vefiel or Boat, to be recovered in the fame way and

manner that the Rates and Duties hereby granted may be recovered 1 and every Perfon who shall hinder or obstruct the Removal of any such Ship, Vefiel or Boat, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, a Sum not ex-pemlty. ceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the wanner in which the Rates and Duties hereby granted may be recovered and applied.

Gorsmar, &c. XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful «n*y mike for the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Dire&ors, to make Rules and Re- Rules and Regulations relative to the Piloting, Entrance and De-guutions. oarture of Ships, Vefiela or Boats, to and from any of the laid Harbours, or Works connected therewith, the Places and Manner pf their being moored therein, the loading and unloading thereof, the preventing Ballad from being thrown into any of the laid Harbours, the cauiing it to be removed when deposited on any Part of the Shore, and relative to every other Matter or Thing touching the said Harbours, or any of them, or the Works connected therewith j an^ to enforce such Rules and Regulations by moderate Fines and feniltie* Penalties, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and applied as the Rates and Duties granted by this

Ad

C. ctcl

AJX 1814.	54° GEO.	III.

1065

AA may be recovered tad applied: Provided always, that such Provifo for Rules and ReguhAms be connftent with the Laws of Scotland, and °f ScoU the Provifktos of this A A, and that the fame be printed, affixed “nd‘ and continued 00 some conspicuous Place upon the Pier of the Harbour to which they relate, lo that all Perfons required to conform thereto, may fee and observe the fame.

XIV.	And be it enaAed, That the Mailer or Owner of every Matter* and

Ship or Veffel resorting to, entering or using any of the said Har- Owner* of bours, or the Works connected therewith, fhafl be and is hereby made	I)****"

anfwerable for the Amount of any Damage or Mifchief which shall be

done by him, or by such Ship or VeiTel, or by any of the Mariners,

Boatmen, Servants or others on board the fame, or employed by such Matter or Owner, to any of the Works, or any Part of any of the said Harbours, with full Coils of Suit, to be recovered as the said Rates and Duties may be recovered by virtue of this AA ; and it fhail be lawful for the said Governor, Deputy Governor and DireAors, or any Perfon by them appointed, to detain such Ship or Veffel until sufficient Security be granted for Payment for the fame.

XV.	And be it enaAed, That any Perfon or Perfons thinking Appeal, ^htmftlf, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment,

made qr given in pursuance of any Rule or Regulation of the said Governor, Deputy Governor or DireAors, or by any Order, Judgment or Determination of any Juftice or Justices or the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this AA mentioned or contained, may, within Three Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgment or Determination shall have been given (firft giving Twenty Notice, one Days' Notice of such Complaint to the Perfon or Perfons agamtt whom such Complaint is intended to be made), complaiu to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Seifion9 to be held in and for the County in which the Caufe of Appeal shall arise, who shall in a summary way either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter Scifions, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace-to be held for such County; and the said Justices may, if they fee cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Regulation or Determination, and may also order and award such further SatisfaAion to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable ; but no Proceedings had and taken in Want of Form, pursuance of this A A shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Advocation, or by any other Procefs whatsoever, or flayed by Sufpenfion or ReduAion ; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI.	And be it enaAed, That Once in every Year, from and Proceeding after the passing of this AA, the said Governor, Deputy Governor re^)rtcd °nce and DireAors, shall report their Proceedings under this A A, in * ***' Writing, together with such Observations as they shall think proper,

under the Hand of the Governor or Deputy Governor, and the Seal of the said Society, to both Houfes of Parliament.

XVII.	And be it enaAed, That this AA shall be deemed and Public A&. taken to be a Public AA, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

all Judges, Justices and others, without being fpecially

Cap.

such by pleaded.

Digitize



C- cicii—cxcvii.

A.D* 1814.

1066

18 0.3. e.79.

37 G. 3. a 41. vepealed.

S9 G. 1. c. 87.

8G.3. c. 63. xi G. 3. c. 62. 13 G.3. c. 104. 04 G.3. Seir. a. c-59* 27 G. 3.

3 G 3. (I )

c. 17.

34 G. 3. (I )

c.33. § a.

54‘CEO'IH.

Cap. cxcii.	~

An Aft to enable Edward Mafon of Edgehtll, in the Pferilh of

Walton, in the County of Laneasier, Esquire, to appoint a Curate to the new Church or Chapel of Edgehtll, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	[14th	«/»(f	1814.]

Cap. cxciii.

An Aft for better paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Northampton ; ana for taking down, widening and rc« building the Bridge over the River Nine or Nen, at the South Entrance of the said Town, and improving the Avenues to the said Bridge.	[14th	July	1814.]

[This A3 to continue (as to Tolls) from the Second Monday after pajfmg, for 21 Tears,

Cap. cxciv.

An Aft for rebuilding the Workhoufe of the Parifh of Saint Amu Limehoufc, in the County of Middlesex ; and for amending an Act of King George the Second, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Paving, and other Purpofes relating to the said Pariih.

[14th July 1814.J

Cap. cxcv.

An Aft to enlarge, alter and amend the Powers of the fevera! Afts for making and maintaining the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

[14th July 1814.]

Cc. 10.55. 30 G. 3. c. 73. 39 G. 3. c.Uxi. 46 G. 3. c. cxs.

Cap. exevi.

An Aft to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge of Commercial Im* provements within the City and Port of Cork, in Ireland.

•	[14th	July	1814.]

Cap. cxcvii.

An Aft to regulate the Price, Affize and Weight of Bread, and to provide for the due making thereof, within the City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties ot the fame.

[14th July 1814O

*	XT 7 HE REAS an Aft was made, in the Parliament of Ireland*

*	V V in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

. * intituled An A3 for continuing and amending certain temporary

4 Statutes heretofore made for the better Regulation of the City of 4 Cork ; and for enlarging the Salary of the Treasurer ; andfor the 4 better regulating the Sale of Coals in the said City ; and for eredsng 4 and continuing Lamps in the fame ; and for the better preferring the 4 Streets and Highways therein ; and for confirming and ejlabifhimg

* a Court of Cotifcience ifi the said City ; and for regulating the Afiive 4 of Bread therein ; am} for ftearing the Quays by Parapet Walls; 4 which said Aft was made perpetual by another Aft, palled in the 4 Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of 4 His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for reviving and comtinuui 4 certain temporary Statutes : And Whereas another Aft was paflei

S	4	*





C. c«cy«.

A<Di 1S14*

540 GEO. JH.

1067

4 in the ParUanrfnt of Ireland, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His 4 present Majesty, intituled jin AS for altering and amending fevered 4 Statutet heretofore made for the better Regulation of the City o/*Cork 5

*	and for regulating Truds by Juries in the Court of Record of the 4 said City ; and for efiablijhing Market Juries in the said City ; and 4 for making wide and convenient IVays. Streets and Pajfages in the 4 said City and Suburbs thereof; and for preventing Frauds committed 4 by the Bakers and Meal Makers of the said City : And Whereas 4 the said several Afts, so far as the fame relate to the Regulation of

*	the Baking Trade in the said City of Cork, have been found infuf-4 ficicnt for that Purpose, and it is -therefore expedient that such 4 Parts thereof should he repealed, and that more effectual Provifions 4 should be made m lieu thereof 5* Be it therefore enabled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Commencement of this Att, so much of the said recited Aft of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as regulates the Affize of Bread in the City of Cork, and so much of the said recited Aft of the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty as makes the fame perpetual, and also so much of the said recited Aft of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty as relates to the Prevention of Frauds committed by the Bakers and Meal Makers of the said City, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

*	II. And be it further enaftrd, That, from and after the Commencement of this Aft, each and every Mereliant, Flour Faftor, Corn Faftor and other Perfon and Perfons, who shall import any Wheat, or Wheaten Meal or Flour of Wheat, into the Port of Cork, or to whom any Wheat Meal or Flour shall be consigned or sent, shall and are hereby respectively required, on the Friday in each and every Week, to give or cause to be given to the Mayor of the City of Cork for the time being, on Oath, or (if Quakers) on Affirmation, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer,) an Account in Writing of the fefpeftive Quantities of Wheat, Wheaten Meal and Flour of Wheat, diftiuguiffiing the different Species of Flour by them fold respectively, during the Seven Days immediately preceding such Friday, and at what Prices respectively, and the Average Price of the lame, with the Names and Occupations of the respective Buyers and Purchafers thereof; and to all such Accounts so given or rendered, Perfons so giving or rendering the fame shall and they are hereby respectively required to iign their respective Christian and Surnames thereto, and shall in all such Accounts specify the time of making the fame 5 and all such Accounts or Returns shall every Week be duly entered in a Book to be kept by or under the Direftion of the said Mayor for that Purpose, in order the more effectually to afeertain the Middle Price of Wheat and Flour, for settling the Affizc of Bread Weekly', according to the Provifions of this Aft ; and in case the said Mayor shall suspect the Truth or Accuracy of such Accounts or Returns, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor to summon any Perfon or Perfoii3, the Truth or Accuracy of whose Account or Accounts, Return or Returns shall be so fufpested, to

attend

5 O. 3. (L>

c. z*

iepe ;l"d, To fir as relates to Baking Trade in Cork.

Importers, Sec of Corn and Flour to make Weekly Returns to

Mayor of Cork of Corn and I'lour fold.





C. cxcxii.

. 54® GEO. 1H.

A.D.1E14,

Peaalty.

CUrki of Market*) &e. to certify to Mayor.

Bakerfcitty appoint Clerk to

fuperintewl

Returns, &c.

Clerks making falie Retutto, ltc«>

Penalty.

Flour Favors, See. to take Oath of Truth of Returns.

attend before Urn, and to examine such Perfon or Fwrfont touching the Troth of such Account or Accounts, Rettarn or Returns on Oath, or being of the People called Quakers, on Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation the laid Major is hereby empowered to admi-nifter or take: And in case any iuch Perfon or Perfons shall give or make, or cause to be given or made any false Account or Accounts, Return or Returns, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give or make, or cause to be given or made, any such Account or Accounts, Return or Returns, as is required by this A&, then and in every such case every such Perfon so offending therein, and being css* vi&ed thereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay say Sum not exceeding Five Pounds*

III.	And be it further enacted, That, from and aftey the Commencement of this Aft, the Clerk of the respective Markets withis the laid City and the Suburbs and Liberties, thereof, or such other Perfon or Perfons as shall be authorized or appointed for that Pur* pose by the Mayor of the said City for the time being, shall, on the Friday in each and every Week, return and certify to the May or of the said City, upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmapon the said Mayor is hereby empowered and required to adminifterl, the Quantity of Wheat, Wheaten Meal and Flour of Wheat, fold 6a each Market Day in the said respective Markets or other Places of Sale, and the respective Prices tor which the fame have bora fob!; and in such Certificate shall be expressed the different Sort of Med and Flour, whether Firfts, Seconds or Thirds, and the Prices for which the fame have been respectively fold; and the said Mayor of the said City shall from time to time cause Entries to be node of such Returns, in a Book or Books to be kept by him or under his Direction for that Purpose, and to which all Perfons at reafonabfe Hours may have recourse, without paying any Fee or Reward for the fame.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Bakers within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties of the fame, to appoint and keep, at their own Expence, during Pleasure, a fit and proper Perfon as Clerk, to superintend the Returns of Receipts and Sales of all Wheat and Flour required to be returned by this Aand the (biking of the Affize and Price of Bread; such Perfon so appointed to be approved of by the Mayor of the said City for the time being.

V.	And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of any of the said Markets respectively, or other Perfon who shall be legally authorised to make any Return or Certificate required by this A&, (haD refuse or wilfully neglect or omit to make any such Return or Certificate, or shall knowingly make any false Return or Certificate, then and ia every such case every such Perfon so offending shall, upon Convi&iqa thereof, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeds ing Ten Pounds, and shall be for ever disqualified from holding fad) Office.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That every Mereliant, Flour Factor, Miller and Corn Factor, Clerk or other Perfon, from whom any such Account or Return of Wheat, Wheaten Meal and Floor of Wheat, is by this A& required and directed to be delivered to the Mayor of the said City, mall within One Calendar Month next

after



C. cxcvii.

1069

A.D. 1814.	540 GEO. III.

after the Commencement of this Aft, or before the making and giving of such Account or Return, take the following Oatn, or (being of the People called Quakers) make Affirmation as herein* after mentioned; that is to fay,

•	T A. fi. do swear [or affirm], That the Accounts which I shall Oath.

4 hereafter deliver or cause to be delivered to the Mayor of the

4 City of Cork, of and concerning the Quantities and Prices of 4 Wheat, Wheaten Meal and Flour of Wheat, which henceforward

•	fhall be by or for me fold, [or, for and on Account of my Em-

•	plover or Employers] shall, to the bed of my Knowledge or Belief,

•	contain the whole Quantity, and no more, of the Wheat, Wheaten

•	Meal and Flour of Wheat, bona fide fold by or for me [or, for 4 him, her or them, as the case may be•! within the Period to which

4 such Accounts shall respectively refer, with the Names and Oc-	.	»

4 cupations of the Buyers, and with the Prices thereof respectively,

•	and *fhall be to the bed of my Judgment conformable in all other

•	refpefts to the Direftions and true Intent and Meaning of an Aft

•	paned in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King

• George the Third,,intituled {here fet forth the Title of this A8]•* t

Which Oath or Affirmation the Mayor of the said City of Cork fov Certificate of t^e time being is hereby empowered and required to admioider, and regifterW. to giant a Certificate thereof to be registered in the Town Clerk’s Office of the faijd City ; and, from and after the Commencement qf this ^Aft, no Perlbn shall carry on the Trade and Bufinefsof a Flour Faftor, Miller or Corn Faftor within the said City or County pf the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties of the fame, or (Jiall make or give any such Account, or Accounts, Return or Returns of Wheat, Wheaten Meal or Flour of Wheat as aforefaid* without having taken the said Oath or making such Affirmation and Regifter o? the fame as aforesaid, in conformity to the Dire&iooft and Providons in this Aft contained ; and if any Perfon shall carry MUdagJtaium on such Trade or Bufinefs, or shall make or give any such Return wHboiu hatiaf -or Account without having Oaken such Oath or made such Affirm* xa^un ation and Regifter as aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Perfon so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the pemky.

Sum of Ten Pounds, together with full Coils of Suit, to any Perfon or Perfons who shall sue for the fame, in any of His Majefty9* Courts pf Record at Dublin, by Aftion of Debt or on the Cate, or by Bill,

Plaint or Information, wherein no EiToin, Proteftion or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That the Colleftor of the Cuftoms CoBaftor of in the Port of Cork, shall and he is hereby required, on the Monday Fort to

in each and every Week, to return to the Mayor of the said City of Cork an Account of the Quantity of Wheat, Wheaten Meal and #	'***

Flour of Wheat, imported in the Week immediately preceding such Return into the Port of Cork, with the Names of the respective Perfons importing the fame; and in case such Colleftor shall refuse pr neglect to make such Return as aforesaid, at the time or in manner aforesaid, or shall wilfully make any false or inaccurate Return, then aud in every such case the (aid Colleftor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.	Penalty.

VIII.	And be it further eoacted, That the Mayor of the said Mayor to ctofr City for the time being shall cause Entries of all such Returns, and middle Price of

alfo

L^ooq le

1070

Wheat and Flour to he entered in a Book

Bufliel and Quarter of Corn : and

Hundred Weight ;.nd Sack of Flour, by Avoirdupois Weight.

Bread weighed T>y Pound and Ounce Avoirdupois.

Bakers to make and deliver Account of Meal and Flour bought.

C. occviL	GEO.	HI.	A-D.1S14.

also of the middle Price of Wheat, Wheaten Meal and Flour of Wheat, having rei'peA not only to the Price of all Wheat, Wheatea Meal and Flour of Wheat, fold in the said Markets, but alio of all Wheat, Wheaten Meal and Flour of Wheat, fold by the Mereliant, Fador or other Perfon importing the fame, or to whom the fame shall be sent or consigned, to be made weekly in a Book or Books to be kept at the Market House for the said City of Cork* or such other Place as the said Mayor shall appoint for that Purpofe ; and to all such Books all Perfons at reasonable Hours may have recourse, without paying any Fee or Reward for the fame.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That, for all the Purpofcs of this Ad, Fourteen Pounds Avoirdupois Weight shall be deemed * and taken to be One Stone 5 and Four Stones or Fifty fix Pounds Avoirdupois Weight of Corn or Flour, shall be deemed and taken to

be One Bufhel 5 and Eight such Bufhels weighing Thirty two Stones or Four hundred' and forty eight Pounds Avoirdupois Weight, fhaJl be deemed and taken to be Oue Quarter of Corn ; and Eight Stones or One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois Weight of Meal or Flour, shall be deemed and taken to be One Hundred Weight; and Twenty Stones or Two hundred and eighty Pounds Avoirdupois Weight, being Two Hundred Weight and a Half, of Meal or Flour,

shall be deemed and taken to be One Sack of Five Bufhels; and Twenty HundredWeight shall be deemed and taken to be One Ton:

And that in all Returns to be made pursuant to the Duv&ons of this Ad, the Quantities of Corn and Grain shall be computed accord-ing to such Quarter of Eight Bndiels, weighing Thirty two Stones, or Four hundred and forty eight Pounds, being equal to Four Hundred Weight Avoirdupois Weight; and the Quantities of Meal tad Flour shall be computed by such Hundred Weight, containing Eight Stones or One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois Weight, or by such Sack containing Twenty Stones or Two hundred and dghty Pounds, being equal to Two hundred Weight and a Half Avoirdupois Weight as aforesaid: And that the Amze and Weight of all Bread to be fold or exposed to Sale, by any Baker or other Perfon whatsoever under this A6t, shall be fet and regulated according to the Directions hereinafter contained, by the Pound and Ounct Avoirdupois Weight, and not by Troy Weight.

X.	And be it further enacted, That each and every Baker and other Perfon making Bread for Sale within the said City and County of the City of Cent, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall and he is hereby required to prepare and deliver, or cause to be prepared and delivered, on every Friday in each and every Week, at the Market House in the said City, or at such other Place as the Mayor of the said City for the time being shall appoint, to the proper Officer there, a true and particular Account in Writing under his Hand, of all such Wheaten Meal and Flour made of Wheat, as shall have been bought by or for, or received by such Baker or other Perfon making Bread for Sale as aforesaid, within the Term or Space of the Sera Days immediately preceding such Friday, for the Purpofe of or fit for making Wheaten Bread; and every such Account so delivered shall specify particularly, and in Words at length, the Street or other Place or Places, and ftrifh or Parifttes, wherein such Baker or oth6 Perfon making Bread for Sale as aforesaid, by or for whom foci Account shall be so delivered, shall then dwell and carry on his or her

Bulled*





Ci occvil.

4,0.1814.	CfEO.IIL

1071

Bofinefs, sod the Names of the tefpeftive Setters of fdch Meet and Flour, and the respective Quantities and Sorts thereof, and the several and refpeftite Prices at which the fame shall have been really and truly fold 5 and every such Account shall be in the Form following $ that is to fay.

* An ACCOUNT of the Meal and Flour bought by yf. B. of	in	the

4 Parifh of	within the City and County of the City of Cork, or the

4 Liberties and Suburbs thereof, from Friday the	Day

4 of	to	Thurfday	the	Day of

4 in ^he Year	both	inclusive;	for	the	Purpofe	of

4 or fit for making Wheaten or Houfebold Bread.’

v- £

® 8 £2

Sellers*

Names.

14 £ r8 s

Number of Hundred Weights.

Sorts of Meal and

Flour.

To wh.it Purpofe s applicable.

t

Urn .

!l

8 *

^ 3

o o

H4

And every such Account so hereby required to he delivered by each Time of delieer-aod every such Baker or other Perfon making Bread for Sale within “ig Account, the said City and County of the City of Cork\ and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall be so as aforesaid prepared and delivered at such House or Place before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock at Noon, on the Friday whereon the fame is by this Aft required to be delivered*

XI. And be it further enacted, That, for enabling and compelling Clerks of Mar. the said Bakers and other Perfons making Bread for Sale, to prepare provide such left mentioned Weekly Accounts more accurately, there shall be Axrount^Tnd^ from time to time provided, by some proper Officer to be appointed no used, by the Mayor of the find City of Cork for the time being, and kept &c. at the said Market House in the said City of Cork7 or other Place to be appointed by the Mayor of the said City for the time being, a sufficient Number of printed Forms of such Accounts, with Blanks ready to be filled up, similar to the Form hereinbefore preferibed for the fame Weekly Accounts; and all such Bakers and other Perfons £rom whom such Weekly Accounts as last mentioned are hereby required, shall at all proper and feafonabie times, on Application at the Uud House or Place, be supplied with such and fb many of the faid

printed





Accounts how marked.

Bakers not pur-chafing Meal or Flour within preceding Seven Days, to deliver in Account accordingly.

Sellers of Flour to deliver Accounts to Bakers on Sale of Flour.

C.eaor ii.	54J GE0, HI.

printed Forms at they rf^ed»nelf in^ stand in need ofi eafefggfog*	,

reafooebfc Price 6m t^e fame, not^jlcetding the Rale of Xtf r Sril bogt/rr HundredfinnA foeh grilled Forms so to be provided and obtained as Ja& meoridfcedr ^bailvaknrJK^dnitftdri Iqr^nveefhM , Baker and other Perfen for; every such Weekly Account* aad	j

every such last mentioned Account (Hall he marked and di&inguifhcd	,

by fuck particular Letter and Number, to be printed nr Vmttepjt I the Top -of every fuck Weekly Account to be delivered by every ' fitch Baker or other Perfon, as the ibid Officer for the tune being#' the said Hotafe or Place ffiall mention and directthrft behalf, aadfe ‘ as that; inch Accounts may be diftinguifiied not only byth* proper Names of the Bakers or other Perfon s who.&aJJ tevetpttpygBd the fame, but also by particular Letters and N#Ti&£r*fe	Ut	*

them respectively; and so as that each Weekly. Account of J3ee*| such Bakers or other Perfons may be marked And Irnsigi HycA i*ju»4 the Weekly Account of another oy A 2, and-the Weekly:A^OOunt^of a Third by A 3, and so on in a regular progreffiyt S$a^,afNuriWn up to A 10a; beyond which B iy B ti, R j, ft ruffm ire tit V uftd for the like Purpoles up to B ioo» arid soon in UkeitiaMPr alphabetically throughout the whole Alphabet, if need be 1 cScV LnttsaJmipg used for One hundred Perfons only* And that jointly .with-lhas^ett from Nuator 1 to Number iqq inclufivtu r

XII.	And* for the preventing the unnecejfory fuimunop# of Bakers in the case next hereinafter mentioned* tail farther-anriUd,

That when any Baker or other Perfon* from whom any WnsUy Account or Accounts of the Meal and Flour to bethought by him or her* is or -are hereby required* shall pot for the Tcnurpr Ofsne of ScvenDayt immediately precedipgiuiy Friday have houghs my Meal or Flour tor the Purpofe of or fit for making Whcateor Bread* tfagpt and in every such cam every such Baker of other Pepfopi bath#* during such Seven Day’s* bought any such Meal or Brine for thfcpiav pofeef or fit for making Wbeateu Bread* shall, and be or foe.ia Mf required* upon thefaid Friday ijrcraediatfly following thefrriK Days* to prepare and deliver, instead of such hlrid^up Ap6cmjfc|» afore£fid*vuad at such Time and Place*# is herefobefag^d^ ceming inch .Weekly Account* ope of the

dire&ed to be used for the Weekly A ooounU of fuch	1

Perfon making Bread for Sale* containing the jpgyefo	\

Number at the Top thereof, and the Word ? NoptV sAlfil in Columns intkled, “ Number of Sacks,” and-v.U Nptobeti#£,H*np dred Weights,” and specifying particularly, and in Words MtUntfib the Street or other Place or Places* and Parifli or friiriT «hmB*d such Baker or other Perfon shall then dwclLapd carry OP*, b1! PWmrfa and othenwife filled up in a sufficient mapper*.and figged bf rfisftk Baker or other Perfon.	.	*	nt&	b.-r

XIII.	And, for the better enabling the fevagal Bakers indoahrc Perfons making Bread for Sale* to prepare such Accoupta of Meal and Flour as before dire&ed* be it also eaa&ed* That at tl#Salc*or upon each and every Delivery of Whiten Meal, or Flour made of Wheat, to any Baker or other Perfon making Bread for Sale, within the said City and County of the City of Cori, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof the Seller op Sellers of such Mealor Floor &A and he* (he. or they is and age bqrefiy required to deliver, or caofe to be deUvexpd Wth such Meal or Ippur, a trap agd Bill of fts-

cek,



A«D.i8t4«	54WSMKIII.	C.	cxcviL	1073

ceb, signed by the Seller or Nb» «f such Meat or Floor, or Ins, her or^their known Agent or* Agents, letting forth the Names of the 9eiler or Selim, andBuycr or Beyers of tbeMeal or Hour lb delivered, with the real Quantities and true Prices thereof; and in such Bill of Parcels shall aho be exprefied the Year, the Month, and the Day of the Month on which the lame was delivered; and if any Seller or Setters of fuck Meal or Floor, or of any Part thereof, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered, on the Sale or Delivery of such Meal or Floor, such true and perfect Bills of Parcels as aforesaid, drawn up in manner and signed as aforesaid, then and in everj such case every fitch Seller and Sellers of such Meal or Flour (o offending dull, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds 5 and the Penalty. Buyer or Buyers, Purchafer or Purchafers of such Meal or Flour, or	*"gp'lthTt

of any Part thereof, receiving or accepting the fame without fuch	Parc#

true and perfect Bill of Pticefi as aforesaid, drawn op in manner and signed is aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.	Penalty.

1 XIV. And Whereas it has frequently happened, that large

*	Quantities of Meal and Flour have been delivered to Buyers or

*	Purchafers thereof, without any Price having been fixed or agreed on

*	for the fame at the time of such Delivery; and sometimes it has

*	been agreed that the Prices of Meal and Flour should, after Deli-

*	very thereof to the Buyer, be fixed according to the Price of Meal

*	or Flour in fonae future Week; and inasmuch as by such means

*	this Aft might be evacted, or the Execution thereof rendered dif-

€ fictslt or imperfect ;* Be it therefore enacted. That, from and after Fraudulent the Commencement of this Aft, the Price or Prices to be paid for all Salc# Msal Meal and Flour made of Wheat, which shall be fold within the City 01 Flour andCounty of the City of Corky and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof* thal! Itt agreed on and absolutely fixed at the time of the Sale thereof respectively, and before the Delivery thereof respectively j and the Price or Prices of any such Meal or Flour as aforesaid, which fhsdl be delivered to any Buyer or Purchafer, or other Perfon within the (aid City and County of the City of Corky and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall not, on any /Recount or Pretence whatsoever, be iegfekted byor made to depend on the Price or Prices at or for which Meal or Flour shall be fold at any time or times subsequent to such Delivery; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall fell or buy, or agree to fell or buy, within the said City and County of the City of Corky and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, any Meal or Flour made of Wheat, for which the Price or Prices to be paid shall not, at the time of the Sale thereof respectively, have been agreed on and absolutely fixed, or shall a& in any manner contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the Provifions of this A6f, for preventing such future Bargains or Agreements for the Price or Prices to be paid for any Meal or Flour of Wheat, then and in every such case each and every Perfon so offending shall, for every such Offence, upon being convi&cd thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Penalty. Pounds.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That each and every Baker and Baker to uke other Perfon making Bread for Sale within the said City and County °**h t0.a^in of the City of Corky and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall,	,tT

within One Calendar Month next after the Commencement of this

54 Gao. III.	3 Z	A	a,





I074'

Oath.

Whj may ad-mwiitlei Oath.

Certificate ic-giUcrcd.

Bakers carrying on IiulinelV. without taking Oath, &c

Penalty,

Bakers not making Returns, m .king talfe Returns, Peace Officers neglecting Duty.

C. cxcvii.	54°	GEO. IIL -	A.D.1814.

A&* or before he or {lie shall begin to make Bread for Sale within the Limits aforesaid, take the following Oath (orf being of the People called Quakers, shall affirm), as hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay,

4 J . B. do swear [or, affirm]. That the Accounts which I shall 4 hereafter deliver, or cause to be delivered at the Market Houic

*	or other Place in the City of Corky of and concerning the Med

*	and Flour made of Wheat, which henceforward shall be bought by 4 or for me, shall, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, conta a

*	the whole Quantity, and no more, of the Meal or Flour made of 4 Wheat, really and truly bought by or for me* or received by me,

*	within the Period to which such Accounts shall reflectively refer,

* with the Names of the Sellers cr Per suns from whom the truer 4 refpcCfively shall be bought, and with the jutt and true Pncts 4 thereof respectively, without nny Fraud, Covin or Collulkm, wader 4 any Pretence whatsoever ; and all such Accounts shall be to the 4 belt of my Judgment, and in conformity in all other rcfpcCXs to 4 the Directions of an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year ol the 4 Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled C&r* ia 4 forth the Tale of this AV. j’

Which Oath (or Affirmation) the Mayor of the said City of Cni for the time being (whether such Baker or other Perfcn making Bread for Sale shall refine within the Jurifdi&ion of the said Mayer or not), or any other .Tufiice of the Peace within whose Jurifdictica such Balier or other Perfou making Bread for Sale shall refioc, is hereby authorized and required to administer, upon being duly applied to for that Purpose, and to grant a Certificate thereof; ?r.J such Certificate shall be regiflcrcd in the Office of the Town Clerk of the said City of Cork ; and, from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Perfon shall carry 011 the Trade and Buflnefs of a Baker, or shall make Bread for Sale within the said City and County of the City of Cork, or the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, without taking the said Oath or Affirmation, and regHlering the fame as aforesaid, in conformity to the Directions of this Act ; ar.d ‘m case any Perfon shall carry on such Trade or Bufinefs within the aforesaid, without taking the said Oath or Affirmation, and rcridcr-ing the fame as aforesaid, then and in such case every such Pcr.c? so offending shall, for such OfFence, on being convi&cd thereof, forfeit and pay any Sura not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Baker or ether Perfon making, or who shall make Bread for Sale, within the fax! City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall in any wife ncgledl, omit or refuse to make, deliver or leave auy such Account or Return as is by this A 61 required cr directed to be made, delivered or left by him, her or them rrfpec-tively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A61, or shall designedly or knowingly make, deliver or leave, or cause to be mad?, delivered or left, any false Account or Return filled up and <irr:d. as and for any such Account or Return as is required by this Act; or if any Conilable or other Peace Officer shall refuse or ncglecl re obftrve or obey any Warrant in Writing which shall be delivered t»-him, under the Hand and Seal of any Magiilrate or Juflice of :bj Peace, or to do any other A6t requisite to be done by him or ther. for carrying this A6t, or any of the Powers or Authorities berc^r

CjOoq le

C. cxcvii.

i°75

A.D.1814.	54"	GEO.	III.

given, into Execution, then and in every such case, every such Per-ion so offending shall, for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as the Penalty.

Juflice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convisted, shall think fit and order.

XVII,	And be it further enacted, That if any Baker or other Takers receiv-Perfon making Bread for Sale within the said City and County of >ne, ami Perfons the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall at ^Tea1, any time corruptly, or in order to evade this Aft, have, take or re- fowniKe'ro that ceive, directly or indirectly, of or from any Perfon whomsoever, of true Coft shall be \Vhom he or she shall have bought or purchased, or shall intend to less than dated buy or purchase any Meal or Flour, any Allowance, Payment or »» Returns. Gift, in Money or otherwise, or shall practise or make use of any

Art, Covin or Device, by way of lessening the Price or Coll of such Meal or Flour, or so that the actual Colt thereof shall be thereby in reality or virtually made less than what shall in such Weekly Account as aforesaid be fet forth as the real Price of the fame Meal or Flour, or so that the Price fet forth in such Weekly Account shall be greater or higher than the Sum actually paid for such Meal or Flour by the Purchafer thereof; then and in every such case, all and every Perfon and Perfons so corruptly making, allowing or giving such Allowance, Payment or Gift as lafl mentioned, or praftiling or making use of any such Art, Covin or Device, and all and every Baker and Bakers, and other Perfon and Perfons so having or receiving the fame, or praftiling or making use of any such Art, Covin or Device, shall, for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, Penalty, nor less than Five Pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That each and every Baker, Bakerstomark

and each and every Perfon making Bread for Sale within the City and Loaves; County of the City of Cork and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, Wnenten Bread shall from time to time cause to be fairly imprinted or marked on every	n	kfnd

Loaf of each respective Sort of Bread which he, (lie or they shall °U "1 make or fell, or carry out or expefe to or for Sale, the Roman

Letters hereinafter mentioned; that: 13 to fay, upon every Loaf of

Bread which shall be made, fold or carried out, or exposed to or

for Sale as Whcaten Bread, a large Roman W> and upon every

Loaf of Bread which shall be made, fold, carried out or exposed to

Sale as Houfchold or Brown Bread, a large Roman ; and if any Selling See.

Baker or other Perfon shall make for Sale, or shall fell, carry out or Bread not duly

expofe to or for Sale, or have in his or her Cuftodv for Sale within the markecl*

said City and County of the City of Cork and the Suburbs and

Liberties thereof, any Loaf of any Sort of Bread allowed to be made

in pursuance of this Aft, and which shall not be marked pursuant to

the Direftions of this Aft, so as the fame may on the View thereof be

afeertained from time to time under what Denomination or Sort of

Bread every such Loaf was made, and ought to be weighed (except (Exception.)

as to Loaves which shall be rasped after the bespeaking or purchafing

thereof, by the particular Defire of any Perfon who shall order the

fame to be so ralped for his, her or their own Ufe or Ufes), then and

in every such case such Baker and other Perfon so offending, shall, for

every time he, (he or they shall so offend in the Prcmises, and be thereof

convisted, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, Penalty.

3 Z 2	nor



1076

. cxcvu.

54* GEO. in.

A.D. 1814.

Bakers not punished for De -ficiency of Weicht, after a certain time after bakistg.

Bakett demanding higher Price than allowed,

or tefufirtg to feU. •

Penalty.

Ma?iftrnt?s, &c. by Warrants may fcarcti Bakers’ Premifcs for adulterated Flour, Bread, &c.; and if found, lame feiaed.

nor lese than Fife Shilling*, for every Loaf of Bread not so marked at it hereby dife&ed*	1

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That no Baker or other Per-ibn making or who shall make Bread for Sale, within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall be subject or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Bunifhment, for or on account of any Bread which shall be found deficient in the Weight required by tnis A&, nor shall such Bread be subject to or liable to be seized by reason of such Deficiency of Weight, unleft the Weight thereof shall be duly afeertained within Thirty fix Hours after such Bread shall have been baked. -

XX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Baker or other Perfon or Perfons shall a(k, demand or take, for any Bread which he, (he or they shall fell, or shall expose to or for Sale within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, any greater or higher Price than the Price at which it shall have been fixed or afeertained by the Mayor of the said City that such Bread shall be fold for, according to the Dire&ions hereinafter contained; or if any Baker or other Perfon making any Bread for Sale within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall refuse or decline to fell any Loaf or Loaves of any of the Sorts of Bread, which in pursuance of this A& shall be allowed or ordered to be made, to any Perfon or Perfons who shall tender ready Money in Payment for the fame, at or for the Price at or for which such Bread, by the Aflize which shall have been fet in respect thereof, shall be fixed or afeertained to be fold, when any such Baker or other Perfon making Bread for Sale within the said Limits shall have any Loaf, of any such Bread in his House, Bakehouse, Shop or Pofiefiion, to be loid more than shall be requiiite for the immediate necessary Ufe of his own Family or Cuftomers (which it shall be incumbent on such Baker, or other Perfon who shall be complained of for refusing or declining to fell any such Bread, to prove before the Magi ft rate or Magi Urates, Justice or Jufticet to whom any such Complaint shall be made, if thereunto required by the Party or Parties who shall make any such Complaint), then and in every such case every Baker or other Perfon making Bread for Sale, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, npr less than Five Shillings, as the Magiftrate or Magistrates, Jultice or Juf-tices before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order.

XXI.	Aud be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Magiftrate or Magistrates, or Juftice or Juflicei for the said City or County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs or liberties thereof, within their respective Jurifdi&iona, and also to and for any One or more of the Market Jury of the said City of (Tori for the time being, at seasonable times i& the Day-time, to enter into any House, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Warehoule, Outhoufe or Ground, of or belonging to any Baker or other Perfon, making Bread for Sale witliin the laid City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and to take with him or them to his or their Aflistance, One or more Matter Baker or Bakers, if he or they think fit, and to feqrch and examine whether any Aina or other Ingredient shall have been mixed with or put into aot

Me





C. cxcvii.

1077

A.D.18T4.	s^GfeOitlt

Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeaft or Bread, in the PofTeffioir of any such Baker or other Perfon, whereby any such Meal, Flour,

Dough, Barm, Yeaft or Bread, is or /hall be in any wife adulterated 5 and also to search for Alum or any other Ingredient which may be intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration or Mixture; and if on any such Search it /hall appear that any such Meal, Flour,

Dough, Barm, Yeaft or Bread, so found shall have been so adulterated by the Perfon in whose Poffeflion it /hall then be, or any Alum or other Ingredient /hall be found which shall appear to have been deposited there in order to be used in the Adulteration of Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeaft or Bread, then and in every such case it /hall and may be lawful to and for any Magiftrate or Magi-ftrates, or Juftice or Justices of the Peace, or Market Juror or <

Jurors, within the Limits of their respective Jurifdi&ions, to seize and take any Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeaft dr Bread, and which /hall be found in any such Search, and deemed to have been adulterated, and all Alum and other Ingredients and Mixtures which shall have been found in any such Search, and deemed to have been used, or intended to be used, in or for any such Adulteration as aforesaid ; and such thereof as shall be seized by any Market Juror or Jurors shall, with ail convenient Speed, after Seizure, be carried to the Mayor of the said City, or to some Magiftrate .or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices of the Peace, within whose Jurif-di&ion the fame shall have been so seized; and if the said Mayor or any Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices of the Peace whb (Hall make any such Seizure in pursuance of this Aft, or to whom any Thing so seized under the Authority of this A& shall be brought, shall adjudge that any such Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm,

‘ Yeaft or Bread so seized, shall have been adulterated by any un-wholefome or improper Mixture or Ingredient put therein, or shall adjudge, that any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture so found as aforesaid, shall have been deposited or kept where so found, for the Purpofe of adulterating Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeaft or Bread, then and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Magiftrate or Magistrates, or Juftice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of their respective Jurifdi&ions, and lie and they is and are hereby required to dispose of the fame, as he qr they in his or their Difcretion shall from time to time think	*	^

. proper. '

u XXII. And be it further enabled, That each and every Baker Bakers in whore and other Perfon making Bread for Sale within* the said City and Prenaifcsany County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof hi&r«diei»ta for in whose Honfe, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse, Outhouse, ^lic1f^P* Ground or Pofsession, any Alum, or other Ingredient or Mixture f^un/

shall be found, which shall, after due Examination, be adjudged by * the Mayor, or any Magiftrate or Magistrates, or Juftice or Justices ' of the Peace, within their respective Jurifdi&ions, to have been depo-fited there for the Purpofe of being used in adulterating Meal, Flour, hough, Barnp, Yeaft or Bread, shall, on being convicted of any such ^Offence, either by his, her or their own Confefhon, or by the Oath, or fif a Quaker) on Affirmation, of One or more credible Witnefs jbt Witneffes, forfeit and pay on every such Conviction, any Sum of n TVlorie^ not eideedifig Ten Pounds, nor left than Five Pounds; or Penalty, fhiill diid ettay fteiawftl to and for the Mayor, Magiftrate or Magif-

3 Z 3	trales.



Iniprifonmeut.

Offender’s Name, &c. published in Cork Newfpaper.

OMlrii£ling,&c. Seizure of Flour, &c. or Ingredients to adulterate.

Penalty,

540 GEO. III.	A.D.	1814.

trates, Juftice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to cause fucli Offender or Offenders to be apprehended, and committed to the Gaol or House of Correction of or in the said City of Cork, there to remain and be kept to Hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month from the time of such Commitment, as such Mayor, Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juffice or Justices, shall think lit and order, unless the Party or Parties charged with any such Offence or Offences, shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Mayor, Magillrate or Magistrates, Juftice and Justices, who shall find and seize any such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture, or before whom the fame shall be brought, that such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture, was not or were not brought or lodged where the fame was or were found or seized, with any Defign or Intent to have been put into any Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeaft or Bread, or to have adulterated therewith the Purity of any Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeaft or Bread, but that the fame was or were deposited in the Place or Places in which the fame shall be so found or seized as aforesaid for some other lawful Purpose; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, and he and they is and are hereby required, to cause the Name or Names of the Offender or Offenders, and the Place or Places of his, her or their Abode, and Addition or Additions, together with the Nature of his, her or their Offence or Offences, to be publiihed in some Newfpaper or Newfpapers printed or published in the said City of Cork; and the Proprietor and Proprietors, Printer and Printers, and every other Perfon and Perfons concerned therein, arr hereby authorized to print and publilh the fame, when he, (he or they is or are required so to do, by or by the Order of such Mayor, Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices 5 and he, (he and they is and are hereby indemnified from any Profecution or Profecutions for printing and publishing the fame, orcaufing the fame to be printed and published in such Newfpaper or Newfpapers, by or from any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever ; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding ; and the Cofts and Charges of such printing and publilhing shall be paid out of such last mentioned Penalty or Forfeiture, if any such shall be so forfeited and paid or recovered.

XXIII.	And 1* it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall wilfully obftruCl or hinder any such Search as herein is authorized to be made, or the Seizure of any Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeaft or Bread, or any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture, which shall be found on any such Search, and deemed to have been lodged with an Intent to adulterate the Purity or Wholefomenefs of any Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeaft or Bread, or shall oppose or refill any such Search being made, or the carrying away any such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture as aforesaid, or any Meal, Flour, Dough, Barm, Yeaft or Bread, which shall be seized as being adulterated, or as not being made pursuant to this A£t, then and in every such case, he, (he or they so wilfully obftruding or hindering any such Search of Seizure, or the carrying away of any such Alum or other Ingredient or -Mixture as afore&d, (nail, for every such Offetfce, on being convicted thereof forfeit and pay any Sum not

exceed-

C. cxcvii.

A.D.1814.

540 GEO. III.

107?

.exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, as the Mayor,

Magi Urate or Magistrates, Jufticc or Justices, before -whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order.

XXIV.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Baker 4>r Baker making it other Perfon making Bread for Sale, within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall at ConvIded,Vaa any time make Complaint to the Mayor of the said City, or to any ocofioned by Magillrate or Magistrates, or Jufticc or Juft ices of the Peace within wiltul Default of his or their Jurisdictions, and make appear to him or them, by the Apprentice, fee. Oath of any credible Witnefs, that any Offence which' any such Baker or other Perfon making Bread for Sale shall have beeu charged tice, Ac. to make with, or for which he or (he shall have incurred and paid any Penalty Recommence, •under this Act, shall have been occaiioned by or through tlve wilful A&, Negledt or Default of any Apprentice, Journey man or other Servant employed by or under such Baker or other Perfon so making Complaint, then and in every such case such Mayor, Magillrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, may and is or are hereby required to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hand and Seal, or respective Hands and Seals, for bringing such Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant before such Mayor, Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, or any Magillrate or Jufticc of the Peace acting in and for the City, County or Place where the Offender can be found, and upon such Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant being tliere-upon apprehended and brought before any such Mayor, Magillrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Mayor, Magillrate or Magistrates, Jufticc or Justices, within their respective Juri(dictions, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to examine into the Matter of such Complaints, and on due Proof thereof upon Oath, or (if a Quaker) upon Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation such Mayor, Magillrate or Magistrates,

Juftice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer or take), to the Satisfaction of the Mayor, Magillrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices of the Peace, by an Order under Ins or their refpeCtive Hand or Hands to adjudge and order what reatollable Sum of Money shall be paid by such Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant, to his Maftcr or Mistress, as or by way of Recompence to him or her for the Money he or (lie shall have paid by reason of the wilful A&, Neglect or Default of such Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant; and if any such Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant (lull Apprentice.Ac. neglebt or refuse on his Conviction, to make immediate Payment of negletfine, *c. the Sum of Money which such Mayor, Magillrate or Magistrates, t0 ^ Money. Juftice or Justices, shall order to be paid by him orher, by reafou of such his or her wilful Negledt or Default, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Mayor, Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, within their refpeCtive Jurifdi&ions, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to cause such Apprentice, Journeyman or Servant to be apprehended, and committed to the House of Corre^lion, or fame other Prifon of the said City of Corky or of the City, County or Place in which such Apprentice,

Journeyman or Servant shall be apprehended or convicted, to be there

kept to Hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Imprifonmeni.

Month from the time of such Commitment as to such Mayor,

Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, shall seem reafouable, unless Payment shall be made of the Money £0 ordered to be paid

3 Z 4



after



SV GEO.m.

AJ). 1R14.

Magiftrate not to dispose of ;, 4 Bread until Thirty fix Hour* after Seixure.

Buyer* and SeU lera of Wheat and Flour to disclose reel Prices to Mayor*

Refuting to dii-doCe.

after such Commitment, and before the Expired01 of the find Term of Three Calendar Mop tbs.

XXV.	And be it/farther enssted, That it shall not be lawful for the Mayor* or any Magistrate, pr Juftice of the Peace who dull fdze any Bread, or to whom any Bread shall be brought hiring been seized, in pnrfuance of any of the Powers or Prorifious in this A61 contained, to dispose of the fame for at least Thirty fix Hours after the Seizure thereof, in order that the Baker or Perfon from whom the said Bread shall hare been seized, may hare an Opportunity to hare the fame weighed and examined in the Prefenoe of One or more credible Witnets or Witneffes, to the end that the Perfon from whom the said Bread has been seized maybe enabled thereby to prow (if the case should be fo) that such Seizure was occafiooed by or through the wilfal Aft, Negleft or Default, of his or her Apprentice,

Journeyman or Serrant employed by him or her.

XXVI.	And be it farther enaftea, That each and every Buyer and Purchaser, and each and every Seller of or Dealer in Wheat or Mai, or Flour made of Wh»t, within the said City and County of the- City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall and is hereby required, on reasonable Requeft to him or her made by the Mayor of the said City, to return and certify, as is hereby dirested, the Quanta ties and Prices of Wheat or of Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Whose, and to disclose and make known to the Mayor, requeuing the fame, the true and real Prices at or for which any Quantity or Quantities, and Sort or Sorts of Wheat, or of Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat, which shall have been bought or fold within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, at any time or times within the Space of Twenty one Days then last pict, by or for such Buyer or Purchafer, or Seiler of or Dealer in Wheat, or Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat, shall hate beep actually and Bona fide bought or fold with all the fcvexal Quantities and Sorts thereof, and the several Purpofes for which the lame shall have been bought respectively, together with the Occupations of, the Buyers and rurchafers thereof.

' XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Buyer or Purchafer, or Seller of or Dealer in Wheat or Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat, within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, on reasonable Requeft to him or her made as aforesaid by the Mayor of the said City, (haft refafe to disclose or make known to the Mayor of the said City, m his Request, the true and real Prices at or for which any Quaatitiw and Sorts of Wheat, or Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat, which shall have been bought or fold within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, at any tine or times within the Space of Twenty one Days lift pad, by or for such Buyer or Purchafer, or Seller of or Dealer in Wheat or Wbeatea Meal or Flour made of Wheat, shall have been actually and kma fide bought or fold, with all the several Quantities and Sorts thereof, and the several apparent Purpofes for which the fame shall have been bought respectively, or shall knowingly give or deliver in to the Mayor of the said City, any false or untrue Price or Prices of any Wheat, or of any Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat, bought or fold, or agreed so to be, or shall knowingly give any untrue Account of the Quantity or Quantities, or Sort or Sorts of such Wheat, or Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat, or of the Purgofc or

Pmpofcs

VjOOQlC

A«D« 1814.

54a gbo. m:

C. cxcvi'u

1081

Purpofes fot which ‘tbe Tamerefpe&iVel/ fe^ll have fesen boi^ghty then and in every sech cafe* he, she and theyyfo offending, Audi, /or . v, evtfiy such Offence,* on being convicted thereof, forfeit pay any Penalty.^--Sum 'ttbfc etfcee&rig Twenty Potinds, as the l|rl agiftrate *>r Mai ‘

Juft ice orj unices, before whom any such Offepderoy Offend shall be cbrm&ed, shall order and adjudge. V	.	..	p	a

And be it further enacted, That it shall and .may- -br Mayor empour-klWftl so hnjl fbr the Mayor of the said City of Gorki from time to er.ed 10 ard#f tbbetodttfcr knd direct every or any Baker or other Perfon mating -Bread' for Safci within the said City and County of the Qty of CorL, pjour t0 be ^ and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, or to whogp or at whole duced byBaktrt. House or Shop any such Bill or Bills of Parcels as herein is mentioned of Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat, shall have been a&ualty1 delivered pursuant to this A61, at any seasonable time or times within the Space of Twenty one Days next after such Delivery, .. , to produce or cause to be produced such Bill of Parcels to the said Mayor of the said City; and in every such case every such Baker and other Perfon making Bread for Sale, to or for whom such Order ’

shall be given or left, or his' Servants or Agents, shall produce or cause to be produced such Bill or Bills of Pareels, pursuant to such Order and the true Meaning of this A&; and if any such Baker or other Perfon making Bread for Sale, shall not within the Space of Seven Days after such Order shall have been so given to or left for him or her, produce or cause to be produced such Bill or Bills of Parcels accordingly, then and in every such case every such Baker and other Perfon making Bread for Sale, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, upon being convi6ted thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum Penalty, not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further envied. That if the Mayor of the laid In case Mayor City of Cork shall at any time within the Space of Seven Days after fufpeO, that Re-any* such Returri or Account as aforesaid of Wheat or Wheaten lur“n®tduly Meal or Flour shall have been made, shall believe or suspect that the fammonV™rf>ns fame was not truly and bona fide made, then and in every such case it to be examined shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor of the said Cky, to as Wictefo*..: summon before him any Perfon or Perfons rending in the said City and County of the City of Corl% and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, who shall have bought or fold, or who there shall be reafbn to believe has or have bought or fold, or agreed to buy or fell any Wheat or Wheaten Meal or Flour made of Wheat within the said City and County of the City of Cori9 and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, or who shall be thought proper to give any Information concerning the Premises, and to examine such Perfon or Perfons respectively upon Oath, or (if a Quaker or Quakers) upon Affirmation, touching the Rates and Prices which the several Quantities and Softs of Wheat and Wheaten Meal and Flour made of Wheat, or any of them, were then really and bonafide fold for or bought at, or agreed so to be by him, her or them respectively, or by any other Perfon or Perfons at any time or times within the Space of Seven Days preceding the fum-moning of the Perfon or Perfons so summoned respectively 5 and if Refusing, be.» any Perfon or Perfons who shall be so summoned as aforesaid, shall appear. neglect or refuse to appear on such Summons (and Proof shall be made on Oath or Affirmation that such Summons was duly served upon him, her or them for that Purpofe) ; or if any Perfon or Perfons so summoned shall appear and neele& or refuse to answer on Oath, or (if a Quaker) on Affirmation, such lawful Queftions touching the



C. cxcvii.

A.D.1S14.

Penalty.

1

M*yor to fet Attizc of Bread week!*/.

AiTue and Price of Bread fet ac. cording to Table annexed.

Aflize of One Penny, Two Penny and Three Penny Loaves.

54° GEO. III.

Premifes as fhali be proposed to him, her or them by the said Mayor of the laid City, without some just or reaiouable Excufe to be allowed of by the said Mayor, then and in every such case, he, (he or they to offending, on being convicted of any such Offence, either by the Oath or (if a Quaker) on Affirmation of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or on his, her or their own Coiiftiuon before the said Mayor of the said City, shall, on every such Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as the said Mayor shall think lit and order.

XXX.	And be it further enacted. That weekly, on every SaiurJau the Alfizc and Weight of all Bread to be made of the Flour or Meal of Wheat, and fold or exposed to Sale by any Perfon or Periods within the said City and County of the City of Cork and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and the Prices to be paid for the fame reipea. ively, shall from time to time be fet by the Mayor of the said City for the time being, from or according to what shall appear by means of the Accounts and Returns hereinbefore mentioned, to be the then Average Price of Wheat, or from or according to what shall io appear to be the then Average Price of all Kinds of Flour fit for the making of Wheaten Bread, taken together and brought to the Market of Cork9 and fold to Bakers or other Perfons making Bread for Sale, as near as possible according to the Table annexed to this present Ad ; and that the Affizes of Bread which shall be so refped-ively fet, shall take place upon and from the Monday next ensuing, and be in force for the said City and County of the City of Cert, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, until a new or other Aflize of Bread shall be fet by the said Mayor 5 and that after the fixing or setting of every such Aflize of Bread by the said Mayor, the Aflize so from time to time fixed or fet, shall with all convenient Speed after the fixing or setting thereof, be made public in such manner as the said Mayor shall order or direct.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That from time to time, when and so often as the said Mayor shall fet the Aflize of Bread in Execution of this Ad, the Aflize and Weight of the Bread to which such Aflize shall relate, and the Prices to be paid for the fame respectively, shall be fet and afeertained according to the Table annexed to this Ad, and according as the Price of the Quarter and Bufhel of Wheat, or the Price of the Hundred Weight and Sack of Flour may be: Provided also, that in fixing and afeertainiog the fame, the laid Mayor shall duly observe the Proportions contained is the Table hereunto annexed, as near as can be, whatever the Pricexf Corn or Flour may be.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted. That the said Mayor flail from time to time have Power, and he is hereby required to strike the Aflize of Bread made under this Ad, when such Bread shall not weigh One Eighth Part of a Peck Loaf (being One Penny, Two Penny and Three Penny Loaves), the Weight whereof is to be respectively afeertained according to the Table hereunto annexed, respect being had to the Prices of Wheat or Flour as aforesaid.

‘ XXXIII. And Whereas in fixing or setting the Aflize of Bread ( in conformity to the Diredions of this Ad, it may frequently bap*

*	pen that the Average Price of Wheat or of Flour may not agree 4 with any of the Prices specified in the Table affixed to this A

‘ from which the Aflize of Bread is directed to be fet, and the ABn

*	muft then be fixed or fet from the Price in the said Table nearest u

Goo<; e *,b

A.D.1814-

54- GEO. III.

C. cxcvii.

1083

■+ the said Average Price returned 5 by reason whereof the Aflize and

*	Price of Bread may be at times higher than by this A 61 is intended, « to the Injury of the Public, and at other times not so high, to the

*	Injury of the BakerFor Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That whenever there shall be any Difference between the a6lual Average Price of Wheat or of Flour, and the Price from which the Aflize of Bread shall be fixed or fet, according to the Table annexed to this A 61, the Amount of filch Difference of Price shall be entered ina Book to be kept at the Market House in the said City of Cork for that Purpose; and when and so often as it shall appear, that upon such Differences being added together, such Differences amount to a fuf-ficient Sum, either in favour of the Public, or of the Baker or other Perfon making Bread for Sale, to make a Variation in the Price of Bread of Half an Aflize, then and in every such case the said Mayor of the City of Cork for the time being, shall and he is hereby required to make such Addition to or Deduction from the Average Price of Wheat and of Flour, and in setting the then next Aflize of Bread, either to lower or to raise the fame Half an Aflize, as the case may require, accordingly as the Difference between the actual Prices of Wh eat and Flour, and the Prices from which the Aflize shall have been fet, appear to be in favour of the Public, or of the Baker or other Perfon making Bread for Sale.

XXXIV.	Provided always, That nothing in this A£l contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to prohibit the baking and felling of Rolls commonly called French Rolls, or Muffins, Cakes, Bifcuits or Penny Rolls, in such manner afe has been accustomed.

XXXV.	And be it further enabled, That the Mayor of the said City of Cork for the time being shall from time to time, immediately before the setting of the Aflize of Bread in execution of this A6t, add to what shall, by means of the then lafl general Returns or Account of Wheat and Flour, appear to be the then Average Price per Bufhei of Wheat or Flour bought by Bakers, the Sum of One Halfpenny per Bufhei on account of the Duties on Salt, together with Three Farthings per Bufhei (being Two Shillings and Six pence per Ton) for and on account of the Carriage of Flour, so as to increase such Average Price One Penny Farthing per Bufhei, and shall then in setting the Aflize of Bread make use of such mcreafed Average Price or Sum, instead of the real Average Price, in such and tne fame manner in all respects, as if the fame were the real Average Price of Wheat and Flour, according to the then lafl general Return or Account of Wheat and Flour.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor of the said City of Cork, and to and for any Juflice of the Peace for the City or County of the City of Corky or the Suburbs or Liberties thereof, and also, to and for any One or more of the Market Jury for the said City of Cork for the time being, within their respective Jurifdi&ions, from time to time and at aft seasonable times in the Daytime, to enter into any House, 8hop, Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse, Outhoufe or other Place of or belonging to any Baker or Seller of Bread, within their respective Jurifdi6hons, to view, weigh and try all or any of the Loaves of Bread exposed to or for Sale; and if any Loaf or Loaves of Bread exposed to or for Sale, or which shall be carrying or conveying to or for any Dealer therein, or Confomer thereof, ftiall be found to be wanting either in the Goodncfs of the Materials of which the fame

Digitize (Kail

How AfTze fiat wherever Averse Price of Wheat and Flour do not tally exactly withTab’e.

Act not to pro hibit baking French Kolis, &c.

In fettiny Aflize of ilicad, Addition made to Allize on account of Duties on Salt and Price of Carriage.

Mayor, &c. may enter Shop-, and feizc Bread not duly baked, or deficient ill Weiehu

oogle

ia&4

lu case Loaf coining out of Oven deficient in Weight and yet appear that Loaf was of fame Weight when put in with Loaves of due Weight, no Penalty.

Miliers, &c not to aft as Magif-trates in Execution of Aft.

Penalty. - •

Bakers to regif-ter Names.

y. ;

■ d .i-' =• .'

C. cxcvii.

54° GEO. III.

A.D.1&14.

flwll bt msfle, orjtabc deficient in the ^ue baking or working thereof, or /hall he wanting in the due Weight (fuch Weight to he afeer-tained within Thirty fix Hours after such Bread ihall have been baked), or ihall not be truly marked according to the Dire&ioos of this A6k, the Mayor of the said City of Cork for the time being! or any Jufkice of the Peace for the said City and County of the City of Cork, or any such Market Juror or Jurors, ihall and may seize such Bread ; and after such Seizure thereof by such Mayor or Jufkice, inch Mayor or Jufkice ihall and may, after keeping the fame for the Space of Thirty fix Hours, for the Purpofe hereinbefore mentioned, dilpofe thereof as such Mayor or Jufkice in his Difcretion shall think fit; and all such Bread as mail be so seized by any such Market Juror or Jurors, shall with aH convenient Speed, after Seizure, be carried to the Mayor of the laid City for the time being, to be dealt with and difpoied of by the said Mayor in such manner as if the said Mayor had himself seized the fame under the Authority of this A6L

XXXVII.	Provided always. That if any Loaf, after it flail have

come out of the Oven, ihall not be of the proper Weight, and it ihall appear by the Oath or Oaths of any Apprentice, Journeyman or other credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before the Mayor of the (kid City of Cork for the time being, or before any Jufkice or Jtiflices of the Peace for the said City and County of the City of Cork* that such Loaf was, at the time the fame was pnt into the Oven, of equal Weight with any other Loaf of the lame Kind of 3^4 baked at the fame time and in the fame Oven, and which Loaf Audi appear'to be of the due and proper Weight which such Loaf might to be of, then and in such case no Fine ihall be paid-for the Deficiency^foeh Loafi in case the fame shall be good Bread in every respect, bd* the fame shall and may be forfeited at the Difcretion of the said Mfryer, or Jufkice or Juikices of the Peace.	-v

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it ena€ked, That no Miller, Meaiman, Dealer in or Seller of Meal or Flour, Baker or Perfou making Bread for Sale, nor any Perfon who fluH be my wife 'concerned in the Bufinefs of vending or felling Meal or Flour, shall be or be deemed or taken to be capable of adking as a Magtftrate or Jufkice of the Peace under this A6k ; and if, any Miller, Meaiman, Dealer in or Seller of Meal or Flour, Baker or other Perfon miking Bread for Sale, or any Perfon any wife concerned in the Bufinefs of vending or felling Meal or Flour, shall a6k as a Magiftrate or Jo&ke of the Peace in the Execution of this A6k, then and in every f«h case the Perfon so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Fdttftdi to any Perfon or Perfons who ihall inform or foe for the feme, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in ’Dikii*,by Action of Dent, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Effain, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this A6k, no Baker or other Perfon shall make or bake for Sale* or fell or expose to Sale any Bread within the said City and County of the City of Cork, or the Suburbs and Liberties of the fame, unleft such rerfon ihall firfk register his ot her Name and Place of Abode in some Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, by or under the Dire6kkra of the Mayor of the fed City of Cork, and in all such Entries refpe6kitdy ihall be alio ex-preffed the refpc&ive times of making focb Entries.

XL. A*

y 

'

C. cxcvii.

54* GEO. III.

1085

Oath.

B*ken*nn€ '

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Perfon shall be registered Oath before in the manlier hereinbefore cHrd&ed, unless he or (he shall fwearr or	regifter-

beirig One of the People called Quakers, affirm, in the foflbwrog e * manner 5 that is to fay,	r-	'	'	*'v

*	J A., B' do swear [or, solemnly affirm, as the case Jbdll require},

*	That I will not enter into any unlawful Combiuatioii \vhatlo-

*	ever, to raise the Price of Bread, or of Com, Meal or Flour^ or

*	into any unlawful Combination not to bake; and that I will not 1 knowingly make, bake or fell, or permit to be made, baked or 1 fold, for my Ufe, any Bread in which any Alum ihall be put, or

*	in which any other Ingredient or Mixture shall be used, save only

*	the genuine Flour or Meal of the Grain, and Salt, Water and 1 Barm or Yeast, or Eggs or Milk, Butter, Seeds or Sugar.

* So help me God.*

Which Oath the Mayor of the City of Cork is empowered and re* quired to administer, whether such Baker shall reside within the Ju-rtfdi&ion of the said Mayor or not.

XLI. And be it further enabled, That if any Baker or other Perfon shall make or bake for Sale, or fell or expose to Sale any takmg Oaih Bread within the City and County of the City of Cork, or the ***?*•

Suburbs and Liberties thereof, without his or her Name having rc?u *** ' ^ being registered as aforesaid, or without having taken the Oath or /	*

made the Affirmation as herein directed to be taken by him or her before his or her Name shall be registered as aforesaid, then and in every such case he or (he so offending therein, and being thereof	5

convicted, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not Penalty, exceeding Five Pounds.

XLII. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the Bikers to buy Commencement of this A&, no Baker or Seller of Bread in the City	m

and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties et* thereof, shall either directly or indirectly, by himself or others, for his or her Ufe, or on his or her Account or Behalf buy or purchase any Corn or Grain from any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, but in the Common Public Market or Markets, or Place or Places where Corn is or shall be usually fold or exposed to Sale, within the said City aud County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof; and if any such Baker or Seller of Bread shall buy or purchase any Corn or Grain in any other Place or Places, or in any other manner than as aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Perfon so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Penalty/

Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds: Provided always that nothing except Com im. herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to pre- parted, which yent any Baker or Seller of Bread from buying or purchaling any be bought Corn or Qrain imported, provided that such Cora or Gram be tf ImP°rtcr-bought or purchased of the Mereliant, Fa&or or Owner thereof .importing the fame.

, XLIII. And, to the end that the Markets in the said City of Cork may be regularly kept, be it enacted, That upon all Market Bell rung at pays a Market Bell shall be rung at Ten of the Clock in the Mom- opening of ing, for the opening the said Markets ; and if any Farmer, or other Markct*

Perfon or Perfons whosoever, shall fell or put to open Sale, any Com Selling, ke. be-or Grain in any open Market within the said City and County of the forc	-

City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, before the ringing of the said Bell, such Offender or Offenders shall and may

be





iq86

C. cxcvii.

A.D. 1814.

Account of Prices tjkcn.

ComK;n it ion of

Jouriieymen

Bakerr.

Penalty.

Iir«>riuinment.

Baker employ-* 1 *t; convicted J oumeymen.

Penalty.

WitnellVs not appearing on f-ummorK appie-her.ded and com mirted to Houle of Corrc&ion.

54° GEO. IIL

be proceeded against as a Foreftaller or Foreftallers of the Market or Markets ; and on all Market Days some Perfon or Perfons authorized and appointed for that Purpoie by the Mayor of the said City of Corky fhali duly attend to take the Rates and Prices of Corn, and the Quantity that fhali be brought to such Market or Markets, to the end that a new Aflize of Bread may be more effectually regelated and published Weekly, according to the Provifions of this Art.

XLIV. And, for remedy of the Diilrefles and Inconveniences which may arise from Combinations and other licentious Pra&ices of Journeymen of the Baking Trade, be it ena&cd, That if any Journeyman Baker within the said City and County of the City of Corky and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, fhali refuse to work with, or fhali quit the Service of his Employer, on account of his Employer having One or more Apprentice or Apprentices, or (hill absent himself from or quit the Service of his said Employer without giving his said Employer One Week’s previous Notice of his Intention lo to do, or fhali be guilty of entering into any Combination against any Matter Baker or Mailer Bakers, or any other Perfon concerned in the said Trade; or if any such Journeyman Baker lhali wilfully or maliciously damage, adulterate or destroy the Materials or Property of his Employer, then and in every such case every such Journeyman Baker so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds ; or it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Mayor of the said City, or for any Juftice of the Peace for the said City and County of the City of Cork, before whom any such Journeyman Baker fhali be convicted of any fnch Offence, at his Difcretion to commit by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, such Journeyman Baker so offending to the Common Gaol or House of Corredlion for the said City, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space of time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and if any Mailer Baker within the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, shall employ any Journeyman Baker convicted as aforesaid, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after such Convi&ion, then and in every such case every such Mafler Baker so offending fhali forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XL V. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon who fhali be summoned to appear as a witness before the Mayor of the said City of Cork, or before any Magiflrate or Magiflrates, or Juftice or Jiiflices of the Peace, acting in the Execution of this A&, within their respective Jurifdiclions, fhali refuse or Negle& to appear (on being thereunto duly summoned by Notice signed by the fid Mayor, or such Magiflrate or Magiflrates, Juftice or Jufhices, and gfren td such Witnels, or left at his or her last or usual Place of Abode) at the Time and Place by such Summons appointed, and shew no just Caufe for such Ncgleft or Refufal, it fhali and majr be lawful to and for the said Mayor, or such Magiflrate or Magiflrates, Jufbct or Jullices, on Proof of such Summons having been served, to issue his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seth, to bring such Perfon before him or them; and if on Appearance, or on being brought before the said Mayor, Magiflrate or Magiftrstcs, Juftice or Juslices, such Perfon fhali refuse to be examined on Oath, or (if a Quaker) on Affirmation, concerning the Premises, without having some just Caufe for such Refufal, it wall and may be lawfil to and for the said Mayor, Magiflrate or Magiflrates, Jufboe or

15	Juftiers,



A.D.1814.

54~ GEO. III.

C. cxcvii.

1087

Juft ices, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Perfon to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said City, there to remain for any time not exceeding One Calendar Month, nor less than One Week, as the said Mayor, or any such Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices shall direct.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, Perjury, upon any Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the Mayor of the said City of Cork, or any Magiftrate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices of the Peace aCting in Execution of this Aft, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence touching any Matter or Thing relating to this Aft, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Tiling which (hail be false or untrue, every such Perfon so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, fhail be and is hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law in Force and Effeft in Ireland, Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XLVIL And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and For- Penalties, &c. feitures by virtue of this Aft imposed (the manner of recovering how recovered, whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) and the Cofts and Charges of Proceedings for and recovering of the fame, fhail be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Mftyor of the said City of Cork, or of any Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace for the said City and County of the City of Cork, and the Suburbs and Liberties of the fame (which Warrant the said Mayor, or such Magiftrate or Juftice is and are hereby empowered to grant), upon the Confeffion of the Party, or upon the. Evidence of any credible Witnefs upon Oath, or (if a Quaker) upon Affirmation, which Oath and Affirmation the said Mayor, and such Magiftrate and Juftice is and are hereby empowered to adminiiter; and the Overplus (if any) of the Money ariiing bv such Diftrefs and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels after deducing the Cofts and Charges of proceeding for and recovering the said Penalty, and of making, keeping and felling the Diftrefs ; and One Half of all such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not hereinbefore directed to be otherwise applied) fhail be applied for the Ufe and Benefit of the House of Induftry of the said City of dork, and fhail be paid to the Governors thereof, or to their Clerk,

Secretary or Treasurer, for the Ufe of the said House, and the other Half of such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid to the Informer or Informers; and in case sufficient Diftrefs fhail not be Pemhier, &c. found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures fhail not be paid-forthwith, not paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, or such Magiftrate or Juftice of th.e Peace, and they respectively arc hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals, to canfe the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correftion of the said City, there to Imprifonmenu remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Ten Days, unless the Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be looser fully paid and satisfied.

XLVIII. And be it farther enacted, That in all cases where any Form of Cor-Conri&ien shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against viction. this Aft, the Form of Conviftiott shall be in the Words or to the Effeft following ; that is to fay,

io88

C. cxcrii.

AppeiL

Notice.

Final.

Diftrefs not unlawful for Want of Form.

Proceedings not qualhed for Want of Form.

Certiorari, Ac.

Ctmvi&ions recorded at Quarter Selficns.

54'GKO. m.	AJX1814.

*	BE it remembered, That on this

‘ in the	Year	of	the	Rnp	of

*	Ay B. is convicted before me [or, nsl the Meyer, [Magiftrate or

4 Juflice or Justices of the Peace,] for toe	of

*	having [a/ the Offence /ball be] and I [or, me] the find

*	do adjudge him [her, or, them] to forfeit and

*	pay the fame Sum of	•	Given	under

4 my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seek] the Day and Yor

*	aforefaid.’

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Periods convicted before the Mayor of the said City of Cork, or before any Magi (Irate or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence or Offences against this Ad, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Seffions, or General Sefioos to be holden for the said City and County of the City of Cork, oa giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding lufiefent Security to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor, or Inch Mrfbrte or Magistrates, Juftice or Justices, for being perfopafir prefect at fach General Quarter Seffions, or General Semons, and for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effed, and for abiding the Determination of the Court’therein ; and the Justices at such Semons are hereby out homed and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal ia a summary way, and to make such Determination therein, and cither to confirm or quash or annul the said Convidion, and to award foci) Cofts to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they the (aid Justices shall judge proper ; and all such Determinations shall be final, binding and condimve, to all Parties, to all Intents and Purpofet whatsoever.

L. And be it further enacted, That where any Diftrefs shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Ad, the Diftrefs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or ftutief making the fame be deemed a Trefpafler or Trefpaflos, on account of any Defed or Want of Form in the Information, Smwnot, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trcfpdfcr or TrefpafTers tib initio, on account of any Irregularity which fluB be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Ferfeo or Perfons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover fall Satisfadion for the Special Damage* in an Adkm upon the Cafe.

LI. And be it furtW enacted. That no Order, Judgment or other Proceedings made, touching or concerning any of the Matters afoie-said, or touching or concerning the Convfeboa of any Offender or Offenders against this Ad, (half be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed nr removeable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Procefs whatsoever, into any of His Majefty** Courts of Record at Dublin]; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof m any wife notwithstanding.

LII. And be it further enacted. That aft and every Cornrtdmo and Convidions made for Offences against this Ad, shall be c« lifted by the said Mayor, or by the Magiftrate or Magistrates or Juftke or Justices of the Peace before whom such Convidson Audi be ha^ to

the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the said Cky mi County of the City of Cork ; and *11 such Coavidsans shall be that kept upon Record by the Gbrk uf tib Peace for %toh City mb County of the City of Cork.

LIII. Api

y 

*

C. excv!i.

‘ A-D.18U-	546	GEO.1H.

ioSp

LIII. And be it further enabled, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs PUntifFs not to shall recover in any A&ion to be commenced against any Perfon or recover without Perfons for arty thiufgdonedn pursuance of this Adi, unless Notice in	**

Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty one Days before such Adlion shall be commeneed, of such intended Adlkm* signed by the Attorney for £he Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpeci-fying the Caufe of such Action ; nor fh ill the Plaintiff recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney, by or on the behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action, brought; and in case no iuch Tender shall have been made, it iha.ll and may be lawful to and for the* Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought, at any time before Iffue joined/to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, {he or they fhali think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall be made; and given in and by such Court, as iu other Actions where the.Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court. <

L1V; Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Adlion or Suit Limitation of shall be commenced again ft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done Actions, ia pursuance of. this-Adi, after the End of Three Calendar Months' next after the Fad committed ; and every such Adlion or Suit shall be'vbrotigbt and tried in the County of the said City of Cork, and not elsewhere; and if any such Adlion or Suit shall be brought before Twenty one Days1 Notice shall have been given, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the fame as aforesaid, or ffiall be brought in any other Qounty than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury (hall	,

find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdidl, or if the Plaintiff or PlaintifTa shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Adlion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the PhuotifF or Plaintiffs, then and in every such case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Colts, and have such remedy for reco- Treble Colls, veringthe fame as any Defendant hath for Cods of Suit in other cases by.Law.~

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Exnences of and for the Grand Jury of the City of Corkt and they are hereby re- pafling Act. quifed to prefect such Sum or Sums as shall be necefiary to defray the Expences of applying for and pafiing this Adi, to be raised and levied upon and from the County of the said City of Cork ; such Presentment of the whole of such Sum or Sums to be made by the said Grand-Jury at the Affizes to be holden for the County of the said Cityrncxt after the pafiing of this Adi, or a Preferment of One Moiety of such Sum or Sums, to be made at such Afsizes, and of the other Moiety at the then nextenfuing Affizes as the said Grand Jury shall think fit.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this Adi shall commence and Commencement take effect on and from the Monday Three Weeks next after the of Act pafiing thereof, and not sooner, except in cases where it is other wife mentioned or provided for in this Adi,

L.VI1. And be it further enacted, That, this Adi shall be deemed Public A&. andk taken to be a Public Adi* and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded. . v

54 Geo. III.	4	A	TABLE

TABLE of the PRICE and ASSIZE of BREAD, from

THE PRICE TABLE

When the Average PRICE of W					HEAT			f Whrn the Average I Price of FLOOR					BREAD		-		-	. .
1  *  a  3 .  < "c 'T c  S3-	(• returned Mark*		from the t, at		#if i  HI-a  ■c 5fC«2 »• ^3 tJ  -3-5.  *		;oi  0	la returned  from the  Market, at  X		Add Bakina Its. Sd. per Suck.		Price of Peck Loaf, To weigh 17 lb. fTox. Atouiiupui.				Price of Half Pec h LW, To ssnjb 8 lb. lit Avotrdapwu.		
e	Per Quarter		Per Buthel		TOTAL			Per,Sack		Total Price and Baking per Sack.								I
	cl S-2 Stone, cr 44Slh.  Avoirdupois.		of 4 Stone, or 56 IIh. Avoirdupois.		Price and Baking Per Bushel.			of a? cu t.  or 080 lbs. Avoirdupois,				Whaateo.		Household.		When lea.		HsudiU
	s.	d.	i.	d.	1,	d.		S.	d.	1.	d.	J.	d.	i.	d.	/.	d	/. jl ;
1	27	0	3	*i	5	4		25	0	36	8	1	10	1	4	0	11	0 8
2	28	8	3	7	5	4		26	8	38	4	1	11	1	5	O	Hi	0 ^
3	30	4	3	4	5	6 i		28	4	40	0	2	0	1	6	1	0	0 9 |
4	32	0	4	0	5	9		30	0	41	8	2	1	1	7	1	0*	0 :
5	34	8	4	4	6	1		31	8	43	4	2	2	1	8	1	1	0 10 1
6	36	4	4	6*	6	H		33	4	45	0	2	3	1	9	1	4	0 !
7	38	0	- 4	9	6	6		3*	0	46	8	2	4	1	10	1	2	0 11* .
8	39	8	4	It*	6	4		36	8	48	4	2	5	1	IX	1	4	0 Ilf
9	41	4	5	2	6	11		38	4	50	0	' 2	6	2	0	1	3	1 0 i
10	44	0	5	6	7	3		40	0	51	8	2	7	2	1	1	3*	1 0*
11	45	8	5	H	7	5^		41	8	53	4	2	8	2	2	1	4	1 1 I
13	47	4	5	11	7	8		43	4	55	0	2	9	2	3	1	«i	1 if
13	49	0	6	H	7	104		45	0	56	8	2	10	2	4	1	5	1 2
14	50	8	6	4	8	1		46	8	58	4	2	11	2	5	1	5*	1 2i
15	52	4	6	H	8			48	4	60	0	3	0	0	6	1	6	1 3
16	54	0	6	9	8	6		50	0	61	8	3	1	2	7	1	6i	1 3*
17	55	B	6	n*,	8	8f		51	8	63	4 '	3	2	2	8	1	7	1 4
18	57	4	7	2	8	11		53	4	65	0	3	3	2	9	1	7i	1 4*
19	59	0	7	4i	9	1^	I	55	0	66	8	3	4	2	10	1	8	I 5
20	6°	8	7	7	9	4		56	8	68	4	3	5	2	11	1	si	1 H
‘ 21	62	4	7	H	9	t\		58	7	70	0	3	6	3	0	1	9	1 6
22	64	0	8	0	9	9		60	0	71	8	3	7	3	1	1	4	1 4
v 23	65	8	a	H	9	ni		61	8	73	4	3	8	3	2	1	10	1 7
24	67	4	8	5	10	2		63	4	75	0	3	9	3	3	1	10$	1 4
25	70	0	8	9	10	6		65	0	76	8	3	10	3	4	1	11	1 8
26	71	8	8		10	8i		66	8	’ 78	4	8	11	3	5	1	ni	1 4
*7	73	4	9	2	10	11		68	4	80	0	4	0	3	6	2	0	I 9
28	73	0	9	«i	11	4		70	0	81	8	4	1	3	7	2	o4	1 4
29	76	8	9	7	11	4		71	8	83	4	4	2	3	8	2	1	1 10
30	78	4	9	H	11	6§		73	4	65	6	4	3	3	9	2	4	1 14
31	80	0	10	0	11	9		75	0	86	8	4	4	3	10	2	2	1 n
32	81	8	10	. 4	11			76	8	88	4	4	5	3	11	2	4	1 lli |
33	83	4	10	5	12	2		78	4	90	0	4	6	4	0	2	3	2 0
34	65	0	10		12	•»i		80	0	91	6	4	7	4	1	2	4	t 4
35	86	8	10	10	12	7		81	8	93	4	4	8	4	2	2	4	2 1
36	88	4	11	0*	12	9i		83	4	95	0	4	9	4	3	9	4	* 4
37	91	0	11	4	13	H	\	65	0	96	8	4	10	4 4		2	5	2 9
38	92	8	11	7	13	4		86	8	98	4	4	11	4	5	2	4	2 24
39	94	4	11	4	13	6i		88	4	100	0	5	0	4	6	2	6	2 3 I
40	96	0	12	0	13	9		90	0	101	8	5	1	4	7	2	4	2 4
41	97	8	12	4	13	ni		91	8	103	4	5	2	4	8	2	7	2 4 1
42	99	4	12	5	14	2		93	4	105	0	5	3	4	9	2	H	* 4 |
43	101	0	12	7i	14			95	0	106	9	5	4	4	10	2	8	2 5 1
44	102	8	12	10	14	7		96	8	108	4 •	6	5	4	1ft	2	H	9 * 1
45	104	4	18	0*	14	9*		98	4	no	0	6	6	6	0	2	9	9 6

BY thit Table, Bre-vd t* always U idnact Half an Amin, or Om FartUai la r l».8d. per Quarter of Wheats and the aaroe oa U. 84. per Sack, or t4. prr Boriu on the Rue ol (d. mt Bathe I, or «. 8d. per Quarter of Wheat. ThJ* Alteration fur the Purpooc of inerraeiog the Difference between the Price of the Quarter of of the Table make •».; the next Five make ja. 1 the nett Fifteaa aaahe 4». t the 1 ftwnc^betweenjh«^*nce^HU»e8«^

the Qaartani Loaf, oaaa Ihaari of hftnarBad I 'I of Hoar, except in Fear laMaMkehan ohm* from atd toad.lath* mat of the Hnilel affWi eatand the Sack of Floor. The heat Foot inr* Tar4ue aaaha Jn 1 andthe haMatahth#,

the Price of WHEAT, and from the Price of FLOUR.

- THE PRICE TABLE.

THE ASSIZE TABLE.

Price of Quartern I .oaf. To wri||h 4 lb. 307. 8 dr. Avoirdupois.				Price of Half Ouartera Loaf, To weigh 1 lb. a or. i-2dr. Avoirdspois.				The  Peony Loaf  To weigh				The  Two Penny Loaf  To weigh						The  Thtee Penny Loaf  To weigh						1  !i  J<S  1
MTiteUa.		House-  hold.		Wbeatea.		House-  hold.		Wbatftea.		Hoaeehold.		Write* tra.			Household.			Wbrtten.			House he Id.			
								Avoirdupois.		Avoirdupois.		A'virdupuu.			Avoirdupois.			Avoirdnpois.			Avoirdupois-			
X.	<L	X.	<L	X.	i.	X.	d.	««•	dr.	OK.	dr.	lb.	OK.	dr.	lb.	ox.	dr.	lb.	ox.	dr.	lb.	ox.	dr.	
O	bi	0	4	0	24	0	2	12	10	17	6	i	9	4	2	2	12	2	5	14	3	4	2	1
O	si	0	44	0	3	0	24	12	1	16	b	1	8	2	2	a	11	2	4	4	3	1	0	2
O	6	0	«i	0	3	0	24	11	9	15	7	1	7	2	1	14	14	2	2	12	2	14	5	3
O	64	0	44	0	34	0	24	11	1	14	10	1	6	3	1	13	4	2	1	5	2	11	14	4
O	6*	0	5	0	34	0	24	10	11	13	14	1	5	a	1	11	12	2	0	1	2	9	11	5
0	64	0	54	0	34	0	24	10	4	13	3	1	4	9	1	10	7	1	14	14	2	7	11	6
O	7	0	Si	0	34	0	24	9	14	12	10	1	3	13	1	9	4	1	13	12	2	5	14	7
O	74	0	54	0	34	0	3	9	9	12	1	1	3	2	1	8	2	1	12	12	2	4	4	8
O	7 i	0	6	0	34	0	3	9	4	11	9	1	2	8	1	7	2	1	11	12	2	2	12	9
0	n	0	64	0	4	0	34	8	15	11	1	1	1	14	1	6	3	1	10	14	2	1	5	10
0	0	0	64	0	4	0	34	8	11	10	11	1	1	6	1	5	6	1	10	1	2	0	1	11
0	84	0	64	0	44	0	Oi	8	6	10	4	1	0	13	1	4	9	1	9	4	1	14	4	12
0	8*	0	7	0	44	0	34	9	2	9	14	1	0	5	1	3	13	1	8	8	: 1	13	12	13
0	»4	0	74	0	44	0	34	7	15	9	9	0	15	14	1	3	2	1	7	13	1	12	12	14
0	9	0	7i	0	44	0	34	7	11	9	4	0	15	7	1	2	8	1	7	2	1	11	12	15
0	94	0	74	0	44	0	4	7	8	8	15	0	15	0	1	1	14	1	6	8	1	10	14	16
0	94	0	8	0	44	0	4	7	5	0	11	0	14	10	1	1	6	1	5	15	1	10	1	17
0	94	0	84	0	5	0	4 4	7	2	8	6	0	14	4	I	0	18	1	5	6	1	9	4	18
0	10	0	84	0	b	0	44	6	15	8	2	0	13	14	1	0	5	1	4	13	1	8	8	19
0 104		0	84	0	si	0	44	6	12	7	15	0	13	8	0	15	14	1	4	5	1	7	13	20
0	104	0	9	0	si	0	44	6	9	7	11	0	13	3	0	15	7	1	a	18	1	7	2	21
0	104	0	94	0	si	0	44	6	7	7	8	0	12	14	0	15	0	1	3	6	1	6	8	22
0	11	0	94	0	Si	0	44	6	7	7	5	0	12	10	0	14	10	1	2	15	1	5	15	2J
0	n|	0	94	0	Si	0	b	6	2	7	2	0	12	5	0	14	4	1	2	8	1	5	6	24
0	114	0	10	0	si	0	b	6	0	6	15	0	12	1	0	13	14	1	2	2	1	4	13	25
0 114		0 104		0	6	0	si	b	14	6	12	0	11	13	0	13	8	1	1	11	1	4	5	26
1	0	0 104		0	6	0	si	b	12	6	9	0	11	9	0	13	a	1	1	6	1	3	13	27
1	04	0 104		0	6f	0	Si	b	10	6	7	0	11	5	0	12	14	1	1	0	.1	3	6	28
1	0*	0	11	0	64	0	5t	b	8	6	5	0	11	1	0	12	10	1	0	10	1	2	15	29
1	04	0 114		0	64	0	si	b	7	6	2	0	10	14	0	12	5	1	0	5	1	2	8	3°
1	1	0 114		0	64	0	si	b	5	6	0	0	10	11	0	12	1	1	0	0	1	9	2	31
1	14	0	114	0	6*	0	6	b	3	5	14	0	10	7	0	11	13	0	15	11	1	1	11	32
1	14	1	0	0	64	0	6	b	9	5	12	0	10	4	0	11	9	0	15	7	1	1	6	33
1	14	1	04	0	7	0	H	b	0	5	10	0	10	1	0	11	5	0	15	2	1	1	0	34
1	2	1	04	0	7	0	64	4	15	5	8	0	9	14	0	11	1	0	14	14	1	0	10	35
1	24	I	04	0	74	0	64	4	14	5	7	0	9	12	0	10	14	0	14	10	1	0	5	36
1	2|	1	1	0	74	0	64	4	12	5	5	0	9	9	0	10	U	0	14	6	1	0	0	37
1	24	1	14	0	74	0	6*	4	11	I 5	3	0	9	6	0	10	7	0	14	2	0	15	11	38
1	3	1		0	74	0	64	4	10	5	2	0	9	4	0	10	4	0	13	14	0	15	7	39
1	34	1		0	74	0	7	4	8	5	0	0	9	1	0	10	1	0	13	10	0	15	2	40
1	3*	1	2	0	74	0	7	4	7	4	15	0	8	15	0	9	14	0	13	7	0	14	14	41
1	34	1	24	0	8	0	74	4	6	4	14	0	8	13	0	9	12	0	13	3	0	14	10	42
1	4	1	24	0	8	0	74	4	5	4	12	0	8	11	0	9	9	0	13	0	0	14	6	43
1	44	1	24	0	84	0	74	4	4	4	ki	0	9	8	0	9	6	0	12	13	.0	14	9	44
1	4	1	»	0	84	0	74	4	3	4	10	0	•	6	0	9	4	0	12	10	0	13	14	45

lit ess* the Price ofWheat or FUwAall d so? 4*e ticetd the klfkC?ncti Mini in tb( fwiifoii^ Tullt, the Price of the Peck

I.oaL tad it* subdivisions, w to be itnind Hi proportion to the increase of the Price of Wheat per Bu die I, together with the Alow* ■nee foe IWhiof 1 and tko Weight of the several Auiitd Loom i» to be decreased in proportion to inch increase of the Vnce ofWbest per Baehel, together with the Allowance for Baking.

4 A 2



C.cxcviii—cciii.

54° GEO. HI. •

A.D.1814.

1?

92

Cap. cxcviii.

0.3. c 124, An Aft to explain and amend so much of an Aft, pafTed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, at relates to building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Saltmarket Street in the City of Glasgow ; and for regulating the Chimnies of Steam Engines, and other Works, in the laid City and Suburbs thereof.

[14th July 1814.]

Cap. cxcix.

10 G. 3. c.93. Ari Aft for altering, amending and enlarging an Aft pafTed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, near the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark ; and for mating and repairing certain Roads and Avenues leading to the fame; and for building and maintaining in place thereof another Bridge over the said River Clyde, farther up the River; and a Bridge over the River Avon near its Junftion with the said River Clyde, with the necelfary Roads and Avenues to and from both Bridges, (b)

[14th July 1814.] [Former Tolls toxease, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. cc.

3jG. 3. c.160. An Aft to continue and amend an Aft pafTed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Port Dundas, and from Port Dundas to the High Road leading from the City of Glaf gow to Garfcube Bridge, by Dobbie's Loan, in the County of Lanark. (b)	[14th July 1814. J

[New Trujlees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted.]

29 G. 4. c.58.

and

29 G. 2. c.71. ' repealed rs to Ro;ids under this and »7 G. 3. c. 80.

Cap. ecu

An Aft for repairing the Roads from Harrowgate, through Ripley and Ripon, to Hutton Moor, and from Kirlby Hill Moor to Ripon, in the County of Fork, (b)	[14th	1814.3

[Double Tolls on Waggons, 1$c. laden with Com, fcfr. between 3 \st Oct. and 1st April. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

and 34 G. 3. c. 121. wholly repealed.

Cap. ccii.

ir> G. 2- cc. 81. An Aft for repealing several Afts pafTed for making and repairing 9°-	_	the Road from Livingflon, by the Kirk of Sbotts, to the City of

11 o 2 C 27‘	Glafgow, and certain Roads connected therewith ; and for making

14 G. 3.Qq!\o$.	further and other Provifions for maintaining and repairing the faid

31 G.3. c.107. Roads. (J)	[14th	July	1814.]

34 G. 3. c. 154. 39 G. 3. c. xlv. 51 G. 3. c. xviii. repealed as to Roads under this A£t

Cap. cciii.

47 H. 8 ci6. An Aft for vefling certain Eftates situate in the Counties of Hert-*	ford, Cambridge, Gloucester and Somerset, entailed by an Aft of

Parliament of the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late

Majefty



C. cciii—ccbc.

A.D. 1814.	540	GEO.	HI.

K>93

Majedy King Henry the Eighth, in Trudees, upon Trull to fell the fame, and to lay out the Monies thence arising in the Purchafe of other Edates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Edates so fold. (q. P.)	[14th July 1814.]

Cap. cciv.

An Ad for veding certain Lands belonging to the Right Honoura- 10 G 3- c- 5f-ble Hugh Earl Fortefcue, situate in the Parilh of Filleigh, in the	‘

County of Devon, and a Parfonage Houle to be built on the said ^	"*	2*

Lands, in the Redor for the time being of the said Parilh, in Exchange for the Parfonage House and certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Parilh. (q.P.)	[14th July 1814.]

Cap. ccv.

An Ad for amending Two several Ads of the Tenth and Thirty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majedy, relating to the Edates devised by William Hulme, Esquire; and to enable the Trudees thereof to apply the Trud Monies in making an Allowance to and Provifion for the Exhibitioners of certain Exhibitions, founded by the said Tedator in Brazen Nofe Coliege, Oxford; and also in founding and supporting a Ledure in Divinity in the said College 5 and to incorporate the said Trudees; and for other the Purpofes therein mentioned, (q. P.)	[14th July 1814.]

[The Trustees of the Eftates devised by William Hulme, Efquire. J

Cap. ccvi.

An Ad for veding certain Edates at Middleton, in the County of Lancaster, devised by the Will of the late Richard Cat on deceased, in Trudees, to be fold; and for laying out the Monies thence arising, in the Purchafe of other Edates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Edates so fold. (q. P.)	[14th	Jub	1814.]

Cap. ccvii.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in Arncott, in the Parilh of Amhrofden, in the County of Oxford, (q. P.)

[18th July 1S14.] Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, §23, 24, 25.

Cap. ccviii.

An Ad for the Improvement of the Square called Saint Stephen9i Green, in the City of DubUn.	[18th	July	1814.]

Cap. ccix.

An Ad for continuing the Tenja and altering and enlarging the 1 o.t. S»at %. Powers of several Ads palfed for repairing the Highways between c. 25. PR. Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amend* O.t. c. 17. ing the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath,	*•c- 9-

through the Parilhes of Hanwell, New Brentford and Ealing to	c*cI°1*

the great Wedern Road in the said County; and for lighting, 4* 0.3. c^UxvVi. watching and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kenfing-ton Gravel Pits; and for exempting certain Carriages from Payment of Tbll. (a)	f	18th July 1814.3

£Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.']

4A 3



Cap.



C. OCX—ccxviii.

54* GEO. HI.

A»D»1814.

1094

Cap. OCX*

X0G.3. C.ioo. An A A to enlarge the Term and Power* of Two Aft* palled in

33G.3. c. 138. the Tenth an(j Thirty third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Speenbamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts ; and several other Roads therein mentioned. (c)	[18th July 1814-]

Cap. ccxi.

PIL	An	Ad	for	prerenting the Right Honourable Charts Earl of

Shrewsbury, and other Perfons claiming under the Ad for entailing certain Edates with the Earldom of Shrewsbury, from difturb-ing certain Exchanges or Partitions heretofore made, of a final! Part of those Eftates by George late Earl of Shrewsbury. (q. P.)

£i8th July 1814.J

Cap. cexii.

An Ad for inelofing Lands in the Townihip or Hamlet of Conock, in the Pariih of Chirton, in the County of Wilts, fq. P.)

[i8tn July 1814.J

Cap. ccxiii.

An Ad for lighting and watching certain Parts of the Liberties, Hamlets or Diftnds of Camberwell and Peckham, in the Pariih of Saint Giles Camberwell, in the County of Surry.

[23d July 1814.J

Cap. ccxir.

An Ad for improving certain Street* and Placet in the Precind of Saint Katharine, and in the Pariih of Saint Botolph without Aid-gate, in the County of Middlefest.	[23d July 1814. J

[«S>e as to paving, fsf c. part of PreeinQ of Saint Katharine, t. ccxx.

poft-l

Cap. ccxv.

n G. 3. e.81. An Ad for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads

4? o 3 c”4*	Bridges	in the County of Lanark. (b)	[23d	dnly	1814.]

repealed.

[SV* 47 G. 3. Sef. 2. c. xlr.J

Cap. eexvi.

An Ad for empowering the Judges of the Court of Seflion in Scotland to fell such Parts of the Entailed Eftates of Mnrlle, Jfauld and others, in the County of Caithnefs, belonging to Sir John Gordon Sinclair Baronet, at shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debt* affecting the fame. (q. Pi)	[23d	July	1814.]

Cap. ccxrii.

An Ad far inelosing, and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Pariih of Great Hormcad, in the County of Hertford, (q. P.)

1 [13d	1814.]

Cap. ccxriik

An Ad for taking down the old Church, Tower and Steeple of the Pariih of Qmberfley, in the County of Worcester, and eredmr a new

Church,





C. ccxvlii—ccxxi.

A. D. 1814.

543 GEO. HI.

Church, and enlarging the Church Yard ; and also, for building a Workhoufe for the Poor of the said Parifh. [25th July 1814 ] [Sr* c. ccxxvii.

109;

Cap. ccxix.

An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Eighteenth Year of Hw 180.3.0.66. present Majesty for making Drains and Sewers for carrying off the Water from the Prebendal Eftate of Halit well and Finfbury in the Suburbs of the City of London, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned ; and to extend some of the Provifions thereof to Part of the Holborn Division, in the County of .  Middlesex.

[25th July 1814.]

Cap. ccxx.

An Aft for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the *5 V c. 86. Streets and Public Places, within Part of the Precinft of Saint rcT*d«ii. Katherine, in the County of .  Middlesex.	[27th	July	1814.]

44 Commiflioners appointed for paving, &c. Streets, &c. not included ** in 47 G. 3. Sc/f. 2. c. xxxviii.

[Srr as to improving Precinct of Saint Katherine, c. ccxiv. aate.^

Cap. ccxxi.

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty's Reign, for the more effectual Improvement of the City of Dublin, and the Environs thereof.

[27th July 1814.]

< "TTTHEREAS an Aft made in the Forty seventh Year of 47 0.3. SetT.%. 4 W His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the more c* CIX’

* effectual Improvement of the City of Dublin, and the Environs 4 thereof; requires to be explained and amended in manner herein-4 after mentioned ;* May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The Kiug’g Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Limits of the Jurifdic- Limit* of JuriC* tion of the Commiflioners, for paving, cleansing and lighting the diction *f Streets of Dublin, appointed or to be appointed under the said re- Couuniifioner*. cited Aft of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty'* Reign, shall as to all the Boundaries thereof except the Eaftern Boundary, be and remain as defined by the said recited Aft ; and that as to the Eaftern Boundary of such Junfdiftion the Limits thereof fhaH be as follows ; that is to fay, the said Eaftern Boundary fhaU be deemed to continue from the Tumpike Gate on the Circular Road adjoining Leaf on Street along the North West Side of the Grand Canal and the Grand Canal Docks, and along Forbes Street to the Rim Liffey, leaving the Canal Bank, the Trackpath, and the Canal Wharf at the said Docks, out of their Junfdiftion.

II. And, for defraying the Charges of paving, repairing, lighting and cleanftag the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, AHeys, Quays,

Bridges and other Public Paffages and Places now being or hereafter to be made within the Limits of the Junfdiftion of the said Commifftoners, be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling Powers to Com-’ «f this Aft, there ihall and may be levied and aileffed by tlW laid miflioner* 10

\A +	Com-	lfv* wu“*

Goode

C. ccxxi.

ic i)6

54* GEO. III.	A.D.	1814.

Rates and Af-

felfmems tor j aviutf, Ac. on ail Houl'ei,

Honfes rateable, ard rated to M millers’ Moiity, &e.

O 3 (1.)

c. 61.

Commissioners, or any Two of them, in lieu of the Rates and AfTeff-ments for such Purpofes under the said recited Aft of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefly’s Reign, once in every Year* or oftener if the said Commissioners shall fee Occafion, one or more Rate or Rates, AfiefTment or AfTefTments upon all and everr the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houfcs, Stables, Out Offices, Vaults, Cellars and Tenements, Sheds, Stalls, as well in as out of Market, and other Private Buildings of what nature or kind soever, now built, erected or placed, or which at any time hereafter shall be built, ercfted or placed, or shall be situate within the Limits aforesaid, together with the Ground and Tenements thereto respectively adjoining, or therewith occupied or enjoyed, and upon all Pubic Buildings hereinafter mentioned, and upon all dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground within the Limits aforesaid ; and the said Rates and AfTefTments shall be made in manner hereinafter mentioned and fet forth ; that is to fay, That for and in respect of every such House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Out Office, Vault, Celiar, Shed or Stall (as well in as out of Market), and every other Tenement or Buildmg which shall be liable to be rated or valued for any of the Purpofes hereinafter immediately mentioned, and which shall have been or shall be actually so rated or valued, all such Rates and AfTefTments shall be made, levied and afletTed in such *Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall order, according to the yearly Rent at which any such House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Out Office, Vault, Celiar, Shed or Stall (as well in as but of Market), or other Tenement or Building, shall at the time of such Afieffment be rated or valued for the Collcftion of Minifters’ Money; or if the fame shall not have been valued for Miniflers’ Money, then as the fame shall then be rated or valued for the Colleftion of Watch Money'; or if the fame shall not have been valued for Mini Hers* or Watch Money, then as the fame shall then be rated or valued for the Support or Maintenance of the Workhoufe and Foundling Hofpital; or if the fame shall not have been valued for any of the said Purposes, then as the fame shall have been heretofore respectively valued by virtue of an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for the Improve* ment of the City of Dublin and the Environs thereof by the better paving, lighting and cleansing the fame9 or of any former Aft or Aft* of Parliament in the said Aft of the said Twenty sixth Year, in that respect mentioned and referred to ; although the laid Afts may not be iu force at the time of such Rating or Valuation; or as the fame shall have been valued by virtue of the said hereinbefore recited A ft of the Forty seventh Year of His Majefty>s Reign ; that is to fay, if the fame respectively shall have been to valued at a yearly Rent of Ten Pounds or upwards, then so as such Rate or Rates, Affeffment or AfTefTments, do not in any One Year exceed the Sum of Four Shillings and Six pence in the Pound, for every Pound of such Valuation, and if the fame shall have been so valued at a yearly Sum less than Ten Pounds, then so as such Rate or Rates, AJfefTment or AfTefTments, do not in any One Year exceed the Sum of Three Shillings and Six pence in the Pound, for every Pound of such Valuation ; which Rate or Rates, AfiefTment or AfTefTments, shall be a Charge upon all and singular the said Houses, Shops, Warehouses,

Coach

v^ooQle

AJ). 1814.

C. ccxxi.

$4° GEO. III.

1097

Coach Houses, Stable*, Out Offices, Vaults, Cellar*, Sheds or Stalls (as well in as out of Markets), and other Tenements and Buildings, and upon the several Tenants, Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively, and shall and may be levied and recovered as hereinafter mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That for, upon and in respect of AflefTmenr ac~ every House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Out Office, cording to Value Vault, Celiar, Shed or Stable, and every other Tenement or Build- rat-able^^bufnot ing within the Limits of the Jurifdidion of the said Commissioners, ralecj which are or shall be liable to be rated for the Collection of Miuiffers’ t*rs' Money,and Money, or otherwise as hereinbefore mentioned, but whereon no on Hiuses,&c. Valuation shall have been made or returned for the Purpofe of such not forateable» Collection ; and also for and in respect of every House, Shop, Ware- aM^"ccord!n8*to

to Valuation for the Colledion of Murders’ Money or otherwise as hereinbefore mentioned, like Rates and Affeffments shall be made, assessed and levied according to the Rent or Value thereof (to be af-certained in manner hereinafter mentioned), as is hereinbefore mentioned, with respect to Houses, Tenements and Buildings which have been actually rated for the Colledion of Miniflers’ Money or otherwise as hereinbefore mentioned; and that, for the ascertaining the Rents and Values of all such Premifes (not hereinafter directed to be assessed according to lineal Meafure), it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint any Three Perfons, con-verfant in Building, whom they shall think fit, to make and afeer-tain a Valuation of such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, Out Offices, Celiars, Vaults, Sheds, Stalls or other Tenements and Buildings, which Valuation shall be returned to the said Commissioners with an Affidavit thereunto annexed, made before the said Commissioners, purporting that such Valuation was made by the said Valuators according to the bell of their Skill and Knowledge, without Partiality or Favour to any Perfon or Perfons concerned or interested therein 5 and that, in making the fame, Confideration was had to a fair and reasonable Rent, according to the Mode which has been usually pursued in valuing Houfes and Premifes for Minifters* and Foundling Hofpital Money, and not to the utmoff Rent which the fame is or might be let for; which Valuation so made shall, for the Purpofes of this Ad, and of the said recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year of His Majeftyk Reign only, and for no other Purpose, be deemed Evidence of the Rent of such House, Shop, Warehouse,

Coach House, Stable, Out Office, Celiar, Vault, Shed or Stall, or other Tenement or Building respectively, until the fame shall be valued for Minifter8> Money or any of the other Purpofes aforesaid, if liable thereto : Provided always, that no House or other Tenement Provifa whatever now built or hereafter to be built within the Limits aforesaid, and which shall be valued by virtue of this Ad, shall be valued for the Purpofes of the fame to a greater Extent than any House or other Tenement may now be valued at for Minifters' Money.

4 IV. And Whereas it is reasonable that all Public Buildings,

4 Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables and Out Offices, and all dead

*	Walls and void Spaces of Ground within the Limits of the Jurif-

*	didion of the said Commissioners, and within the Extent of the

4 Pave.



C. ccxxi.

A.D.1814.

1098

54* GEO. III.

Rate on Public Buildings, and 011 Stables, fcc. not rateable to Miniften* Money, and on Dead Walls, 8cc. According to lineal Meafure.

Exceptions for Prifoos, Icc.

*	Pavements, Shingling or Grayelling, and the Public Lights, fhould

*	be rated and afiefied towards the paving and lighting of the several 4 Streets, Public Paffages and other Places within the Limits of the

*	Jurifdiftion of the said Commissioners ;* Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or any Two of them, and they are hereby required when and at such times as the before mentioned Rates and Afiefiments shall be made, to rate and a fiefs for the Purpofes aforesaid ail Colieges, Schools, Market Houses, Halls, Theatres, Store Houses, Store Yards, Docks, Courts of Law, and all other Public Buildings whatsoever, or Buildings occupied for Public Purposes, and all Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, and other Out Offices not liable to be rated and afiefied according to Valuation for Minifters’ Money, and also all dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground (fave and except Grounds used for for Purpofe of Burials only) fttuate in or fronting to or along the Side or Sides of any Street, Square, Lane or other Public Place or Paffage within the Jurifdiftion of the said Commissioners, and wkhm the Extent of the Pavements, Shingling or Grayelling, and the Public Lights, in manner following; that is to fay, to rate and assess all Colieges, Schools, Market Houses, Halls, Theatres, Store Houfes or Store Yards, Docks, Courts of Law, and other Public Building or Buildings used for Public Purposes, at a Rate not exceeding One Shilling by the Year*.ior every Square Yard of the Ground fronting to or on the Side of fnch Colleges or other Buildings aforesaid, and contained between every such College or Building, or the Ground belonging to such College or Building, and the Centre of any Street, Lane or Paffage to which it adjoins or fronts; and m case any such College or Building as aforesaid, or the Ground thereto belonging, shall be situated at any of the Quays, Docks, Squares or Streets buik upon one Side only, that then such College or Budding shall be rated and afiefied as aforesaid, according to the Number of Square Yards of the Ground lying between such College or Building, and the Wall, Railing or other Inclofure of such Quay, Dock, Square or Streets, built upon one Side only; and to rate and assess all other such Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables and Out Offices (not so liable to be rated or afiefied to Minifters* Money), and all dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground adjoining to or on the Side or Sides of any Street, Lane, Quay, Court, Square, A Hey or other Public Fafiage within the said Limits (fave as aforefaid), although such dead Wall should indofe a Yard or Garden belonging or adjoining to any House or Tenement, for every Yard, running or lineal Measure, of such Ware-house, Coach Houle, Stable or other Out Office, dead Wall or void Space of Ground adjoining to or along the Side of such Street or Paffage as aforesaid, at such respective Rase or Rates, Afleffment and Afieffments, as to the laid Commissioners in their DifcTetxon fiiali seem proper; provided that no Rate or Afieffincnt so to be made in any such case or cases as last aforesaid, fiiafi exceed in the Year the Rate of Three Shillings for every inch Yard, running Meafnre, of such Warehouse, Coach House, Stable or Out Office, dead Wall or void Space (fave as aforefaid), within the aforesaid Limits.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Aft of the Forty seventh Year of His bhjtaft Reign, or in this prefeat Aft contained, shall extend or he cocvftnrd to extend to authorise the imposing or levying aay Tax, Rate or

Affirt | s



C. ccxxi.

I A.D.1814.

540 GEO. IIL

1099

A AflefTment whatsoever, on any Prifon, Seffions House or Bridge, or on any House or Building whatsoever, so long as the fame shall be used only as a Charitable Ellabli foment, or for the Purpofes of Re- •

:* ligious Worfoip.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Unprofitable ::i	the said recited Aft of the Forty Seventh Year of His present Ground ex'

gj*	Majefty's Reign, or in this Aft contained for any of the Purpofes	*rorTl

therein or herein mentioned, either which have been or shall hereafter be performed, shall extend, or be construed to extend to authorize the jjfi	impofing or levying any Tax, Rate or Affeffment whatever, on any

i,j	Sufficiently fenced or enclosed Lot or Plot of Ground being laid

£0	out for the Purpofe of building Houfes thereon, in front to any

^	Street or Public PafTage, and which Lot or Plot has not any Build-

ing erected thereon, but is actually in Wafte, and out of Ufe or £ Profit.

■j? VII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Rates, Affeff- Whtn Ratts ments or Taxes for each Year, shall be due and payable on the due. j	Fifth Day of January therein, and shall be received and collefted

as Speedily as may be after the said Day, and that the First Year's ‘‘.j	Rate, AflefTment or Tax under this present Aft, shall be payable on

the Fifth Day of January, One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

■ ^	VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Rates, Taxes and Recovery	of

'V	AfTefTments by this Aft made payable, in respect of Houfes or other Rat#,#

, Buildings, according to the Rent or Value of the fame, shall and may be recovered from the Perfon or Perfons chargeable therewith,

’ 4 by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Perfon or '	Perfons in like manner as is provided and dirested, in and by the Said

**	recited Aft of the Forty Seventh Year of His present Majefty's

Reign, with respect to any such Rates under the said recited Act ; and that the Rate or Rates to be afTeffed under this Aft on Cd-ts leges, Schools, Market Houses, Halls, Theatres, Docks, Store ^ Houfes or Store Yards, Coarts of Law, and other Public Building, ft or Buildings used for Public Purposes; and also 00 Coach Houses,

^ Stables and Out Offices, dead Walls or void Spaces of Ground,

** shall be chargeable on and paid by the principal Officer belonging f	to or residing within any such College or other Public Building, or

?	on and by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any

if	fuch Coach House, Stable, Out Office, dead Wall or void Space of

Ground; and in case of Nonpayment, all and every such Rates,

J Taxes and A fleAmenta shall and may be recovered at and from the respective Perfons chargeable therewith, or liable thereto, by Diftrefs and Sale of their Goods and Chattels, by the Colleftor or other ■>' proper Officer, in like manner aa such Colleftor or Officer is by the ^	laid recited Aft of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His pre-

J	fent Majesty, empowered to levy the several Rates or Afleffinents

J therein respectively mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any House or Tene- Lodging Hou $ ment shall be let in Lodgings to different Perfons, and the Perfon 2 or Perfons letting such Led	not	re	fide	in	fuch	Houfe or

Tenement, then and in evei /	_ de, the Perfon letting fuch

4	Lodgings, or the immediate Leflor or LefTors under whom the dif-

5	ferent Holdings in such House or Tenement shall be derived, shall be J subject and liable to the Payment of the Rate or AAefixnent thereon, / under the fjad recited Aft of the Forty seventh Year of His prefent

Majefty’s



I ICO

C. ccxxu

Notice by I,effort of Lodging Houles.

Penalty. Names and Places entered by Secretary.

Evidence.

Notice by Owners of Sheds and Sublet*

Penalty.

DiflreGu

Numbering

Houfes.

54° GEO. IIL	•	A.D. 1814.

Majefty’s Reign, or this A A, the fame to be recoverable by Ci^l Bill, against such Perfon or Perfons in the Court of proper Jnrif-di&ion ; and if such Lodgers or any of the'tn shall pay such Rat* or Affeffment, or any Part thereof, he, (he or they, shall be entitled to dedu&, and shall be allowed the Sum or Sums so paid out of his or her Rent for such Lodgings, and the fame shall be deemed and considered as paid in Part of his or her Rent.

X. And, in order to secure the Payment of the said Rates or Affeffments for such Lodging Houfes as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons have let or shall let out any House or Tenement within the Jurifdi&ion of the said Commiflionen in Lodgings to different Perfons, and shall not reside therein, then and in every such case such Perfon or Perfons shall, within One Calendar Month after having so let out such House or Tenement, or if such House or Tenement has been let out in Lodgings before the passing of this A6t, then within One Month after the palling thereof, or of ceasing to reside therein, deliver unto the Secretary or Clerk of the said CommilBoners, a true Statement in Writing of his, her or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode ; and so in like manner on any Change thereof, within One Calendar Month after every such Change; and every such Perfon or Perfons who shall omit or neglect so to do shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and such Name and Names, Place and Places so delivered in, shall be entered by such Secretary or Clerk, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and the Entry in such Book shall, as againff any such Perfon, for the Pur-pofes of this A6t, and of the said recited A6t of the Forty ieventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and for Service of any Summons, Notice or Process, or other Proceeding under the fame refpeef * ively, be Evidence of the Place of Abode of such Perfon or Perfons, unless such Perfon or Perfons shall prove that he, (he or they has or have, previous to such Service or other Proceeding, fenred such Notice in Writing on the said Secretary or Clerk as aforesaid, fpc-cifying some other Place of his, or her, or their Abode, and that the Place so specified is the true Place of his, or her, or their Abode : And every Perfon who now is, or hereafter shall become the Owner or Occupier of anv Shed or Stall, whether the fame be iituate in or out of any Market or Markets within the said Limits shall, in like manner as is hereinbefore provided with respect to the Perfons letting out Lodgings, register, from time to time, their Names and Places of Abode, and any Change thereof, and shall forfeit the like Penalty in default or neglect of so doing; and every such Regiftry shall be of the like Force, Validity and Effe&, and every such Owner or Occupier of such Shed or Stall shall be fubjett and liable to the Payment of the Rate or Affeffment thereon, in like manner as the Proprietors or Owners of Lodging Houfes are subject to the Rate or Affeffment thereon; the fame to be recoverable by Diftrefs and Sale, in the fame manner as other Rates or Affeffments assessed by the (aid Commiifioners are recoverable, or by Civil Bill, againff such Perfon or Perfons, in the Court of proper Jurifdi&ion.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That the said Commiffioom may order and direct the Inhabitants or Owners of the fevenl Houses, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables or other Buildings in 1

the



C. ccxxi.

iioi

A.D. 1814.	S4#	GEO.	IIL

the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Quays or Public Paffages within the Limits aforesaid, to number their respective Houles, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables or other Buildings in such manner as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; and may also order and dire£l the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants in Poffeffion of any of the Stalls or Sheds jn the Markets, or other Places within the Limits aforesaid, to affix his, her or their Name or Names, and the Number of his, her or their Shed or Stall, on the respective Fronts thereof, at length, in legible Characters, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direCt 5 and if any such Perfon or Perfons shall negleCt to number Negleflins to his, her or their House or Houses, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Number, &c. Stables or other Buildings, or to affix his, her or their Name or Names and Number on his, her or their Sheds or Stalls as aforesaid 5 or if any Perfon or Perfons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, pull down, obliterate or deface any such Name, Number or De- Obliterating, scription, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the fame to be fcc. done, every Perlon so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Penalty, and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, at the Difcretion of the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, upon Conviction upon Oath, before the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, to be levied by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Diftref*. Chattels of the Offender.

4 XII. And Whereas by the said recited ACt of the Forty seventh 47	3-	»•

4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Power is given to the c*c,x*

4 said Commissioners to take or contraCt for a House for the Pur-4 poses of the said Corporation, and also One or more Warehouses,

4 Stables or Store Yards, and such other Accommodations as they 4 should deem necessary for the better carrying on the Purpofes of 4 the said A Cl; and that the Repairs thereof, and the providing 4 necessary Accommodations, should be paid out of the Funds arifing

4	by virtue of the said A&, provided that the annual Rent and Ex-

5	penccs thereof, exclusive of Taxes and Repairs, should not exceed 4 the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds 5 And Whereas the 4 said Commissioners have from time to time experienced great Dif-4 ficulties in carrying into Execution the Purpofes of the said Att in 4 paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets of Dublin, which Works 4 were l'everally done by Contrad under the Authority of the Di-4 reClors, and Commissioners under former ACts, but which Works 4 are now performed and executed under the immediate DireClion 4 of the present Commissioners; and an absolute Neceffity is thereby 4 created for various Stores and Workffiops in the different Depart -4 ments, which were not wanting, or necessary to the former Di-4 reClors and Commissioners, for the reason aforesaid; and such Dif-4 culties are likely to continue and increase, unless the said Commif-4 doners shall be empowered to take ar.d contraCl for additional Stores,

4 and Warehouses, and Store Yards, and to build and ered Oil Stores i for the Purpofe of depositing and safe keeping a sufficient Stock or ? Supply of good Oil, Wick and other Materials for lighting the 4 said City, and to build and ereCt Stables, Cart Houles, Sheds,

4 Forges, Carpenters’ Workffiops, and other Offices, for the safe 4 keeping of Implements, Paving Stones and other Materials, and 4 other Purpofes for carrying on the necessary Works: And 4 Whereas a large Annual Rent is necessary for the said Purposes,

4 and





1102

C. ccxxi.

CommifTicrcri renting Pre-miles, of 8ocl. per Ann.

Commissioners empowered t# build Oil btoies, Workshop*, 5tc.

To secure Vault!,itc.

54* GEO. U.	A-D.i8r4*

4 and the Expence of the said Lighting and Works will thereby be 4 conliderably dirainifhed in other refpeda ;* Be it therefore enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, out of the Funds arifmg by virtpe of the said recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, or by virtue of this Ad, to pay for the Annual Rent of the House, Houses, Warehouses, Stables and Places now occupied and rented by them, and also for such other House, Houses, Warehouses, Stores, Store Yards and other Places, as shall by the said Commissioners be found necessary to be taken and occupied by them, for the Purpofes of the said recited Ad, and of this present Ad, such annual Sums or Rents as they shall think proper, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds Sterling, by the Year, exclusive of Taxes and Repain; nevertheless to be subject to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to build and ered such Oil Stores, Stables, Cart Houses, Sheds, Forges, Carpenters* Work(hop$, and other Offices as aforesaid, as they shall think necessary for the better carrying into Execution the beneficial Purpofes of the said recited Ad, and of this Ad ; and to defray the Cofts and Charges thereof from time to tirtie, out of the Funds arising by virtue or the said recited Ad, and of this present Ad ; and that in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners, to be more beneficial to the Public to purebafe any such House, Houses, Warehouses, Stables, Stores, Store Yards or other Premises, than to hold the fame respectively at an Annual Rent or Rents, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commiffionm, or any Two of them, from time to time, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to purcha/e any such House, Houses, Warehouses, Stables, Store Yards, Places and other Accommodations for the Purpofe aforesaid, cither in Perpetuity or for any Number of Years, and to fine down, or to pay a Fine for decreasing the Rent or Rents thereof respectively, and to pay the Amount of such Purebafe Money or Fine out of the Fuads veiled in them by the said recited Ad, or by this present Ad ; oevcrthekfj to be subject to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

4 XIV. And Whereas the Lives and Limbs of His Majefty’s 4 Subjeds palling and repassing through the City of Dublin and the 4 Liberties and Environs thereof, are greatly endangered by various 4 Vaults, Arches, Cellars and other Excavation < of the Earth under 4 the flagged Ways and Pavements within the said Limits of the 4 Jurifdidion of the said Commissioners, from the fame being fup-4 ported by Timber in a decayed State, or built of bad Materials, 4 and with bad and inefficient Workmanfliip ;* For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted. That it shall and may be lawfcil for the said Comnuf-fioners, or any Two or more of them, or any Officer acting under their Authority, at all reasonable Hours in the Day-time, having first given Twenty four Hours* Notice in Writing, to enter any Houle or other Building within the said Limits, to view all such Vaults, Arches, Cellars or Excavations ; and if the lame shall appear to be fnpported by Timber or insufficiently supported in any manner, or

become

v^,ooQle

G. ccxxL

A.D. 1814.	540	GEO.	III.

1103

become decayed so as to be dangerous to the Public, then such Commissioners or their Officer shall serve or cause to be served a Notice in Writing on the Perfon or Perfons occupying the House or Houfes in Front of which such Vault or Vaults, Arch or Arches, Cellar or other Excavation shall be found, requiring the said Perfon or Perfons to cause the fame within the Space of Fourteen Days from the Date of such Notice, to be well and sufficiently repaired or built on the Sides with Walls of Stone or Brick and Mortar, and to be arched over with the like Materials in the lame manner, under the Diredion of an Officer to be appointed by the (aid Commissioners for that Purpofe 5 and if the Perfon or Perfons occupying such House shall refuse or neglect to perform the Diredions of such Notice, or to apply to the said Commissioners for Licence to proceed with the said Work for the said Space of Fourteen Days, then and in every such case the said Commissioners or any Two of them may give Orders, and appoint a proper (kilful Perfon or Perfons to ered or cause to be erected, such Walls of Stone or Brick and Mortar, and such Vault or Vaults, Arch or Arches, Cellar or other Excavation to be built with Stone or Brick and Mortar, and to cover in such Vault or Vaults, Arch or Arches, Cellar or Excavation 5 in which case, if the Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Building as aforesaid, ftiall for Twenty one Days after the completing of such Work, and after that a Bill of Expences shall have been fumifhed to such Occupier or Occupiers, refuse or neglect to pay to the said Commissioners the said Expences, then and in such case the said Com* miffioners or One of them shall and may issue their or his Warrant to levy by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier or Occupiers, or Landlord or Landlords of such House, where-foever found, the full Amount of the said Expences, together with the Cods and Charges attending such Distress, Levying and Sale of his or her Goods and Chattels, which shall thereupon be executed accordingly, the Surplus, if any, to be returned to the said Occupier or Occupiers, Landlord or Landlords.

‘ XV. And Whereas several Vaults have been heretofore built,

*	and now are situate in several of the Squares, Streets, Lanes,

4 Courts, Alleys and Quays within the Limits aforesaid, many of 4 which Vaults have been extended from the Fronts of Public

*	Buildings, Houses, Meffuages, Tenements, dead Walls and void 4 Spaces, so far as to meet or nearly meet the Vaults built fronting 4 the Houses, Buildings, Meffuages and Tenements on the other 4 Side of such Streets, Lanes, Courts and Alleys, and no sufficient 4 Space has been left, or remains between such Vaults in the Centre 4 pr otherwise of such Streets, Lanes, Courts and Alleys for build-4 ing and erecting Public Sewers therein, and several of the Vault*

4 built and now iituate in several of the said Squares, Streets and 4 Quays which are not built on each Side thereof, have been ex-4 tended too far out and beyond the Centre of the Street thereof;

4 And Whereas it may become necessary and expedient that Public	*

4 Sewers should be built in such Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts,

4 Alleys and Quays ;* Be it enacted, That, from and after the To alter, &c. pafling of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Viuiu, * Commissioners when they shall be minded to build any Public Sewer iq any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys or Quays, or Public Pafsage, wherein any Vault or Vaults is or are erected, and

which





1104

C. ccxxi.

Et|>ence how defrayed.

Street Dirt, kc. Property of Commilfioner*.

Takine ,kc. Street Dirt, kc.

Penalty.

Refcuinf, &c. Seizure*

54° GEO. III.	A.D.	1814.

which shall project beyond or within Seven Feet of the Centre of such Street, to give Fourteen Days* Notice to the Owner c.r Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of such House, Meffuage or Tenement, Building, dead Wall or void Space, of their Intention to cause such Vault or Vaults to be altered and shortened so far as to leave a Space of Seven Feet between such Vault or Vaults, and the Centre of such Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys and Quay?, or Public Pafsage, for the Purpofe aforesaid, or to alter and shorten all such Vault or Vaults as the said Commissioners may find necessary to enable them to build such Sewer or Sewers ; the Cofl of which Alteration {hail be defrayed out of the Funds of the said recited A& of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty, and of this Ad.

* XVI. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Property of all 4 Street Dirt, Manure, Dung, Scavenger’s Soil, and other Soil, the 4 Sweepings of the Streets, which may be accumulated or dropped, 4 or laid down in any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys,

4 Quays, Bridges, Public Paflages and other Places within the 4 Jurifdidion of the said Commissioners;’ Be it therefore enacted, That all such Street Dirt, Manure, Dung, Scavenger’s Soil and other Soil, and every Part and Parcel thereof, shall be deemed, taken and adjudged to be the Property of and veiled in the said Commifliooers and their SuccefTors; and that if any Perfon or Perfons not liccnfed or authorized in Writing by the said Commissioners, or Two of them, shall take away, remove, lade or carry away any of the said Street Dirt, Manure, Dung or Scavenger’s Soil, or other Soil of any Description, or the Sweepings thereof, which shall accumulate or be dropped or laid in any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Alley, Quay, Bridge, Public PafTage or other Place within the Jurifdidion of the ' said Commissioners, on any Cart, Car or other Carriage, it fhaJI and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, authorized by any such Commiffioner or Commissioners, to seize and take into Cuflody such Cart, Car or other Carriage, and alio such Horse or Horfes, Mule or Mules, Afs or AfTes, Ox or Cow, as shall be found harnessed to such Cart, Car or other Carriage, or employed in carrying and conveying such Street Dirt, Manure, Dung, Scavenger’s Soil, or other Soil, the Sweepings of the said Streets or other Places, and to detain such Cart, Car or other Carriage, and such Horse or Horfe?, Mule or Mules, Afs or AfTes, Ox or Oxen, Cow or Cows found therewith; and the Perfon or Perfons so seizing the fame shall give Notice to the Perfon or Perfons so offending, if then present, to attend before the said Commissioners, at their Office at Eleven o’Clock at Noon, on the Day next following not being Sunday; and that such Perfons lading or carrying away such Street Dirt, Manure, Dung, Scavenger’s Soil or other Soil as aforesaid, within the Jurifdi&ion of the said Commissioners, being convicted thereof before any of the said Commissioners, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, the fame in case of Nonpayment, to be levied by Sale under the Warrant of focb Commiffioner or Commissioners of such Cart, Car or other Carriage, and of such Horse or Horfes, Mule or Mules, Afs or AfTes, Ox or Oxen, Cow or Cows, or of a sufficient Number or Quantity of the fame ; and if anv such Car or Cart, or othier Carriage, or such Horfir or Horse, Mule or Mules, Afs or AfTes, Ox or Oxen, Cow or

11	Cows,

C. cctxL

A.D.i8i4»

54° GEO. IH.

Xtc$

Cows, being so seized for the Caufe aforesaid, shall be rescued, taken

or carried or driven off by force, every Perfon or Perfons so refcuing

the fame, or being present aiding, aflisting, encouraging or abetting in

such Refcue, and being convicted thereof before any One or more

of the said Commiflioners, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any

Sum not exceeding Five Pounds ; and in case of Nonpayment thereof Penalty.

upon Convidlion, the fame shall be levied under the Warrant of the

said Commiflioners, or any One of them, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Diftrefs.

Offender’s Goods whercfoever found ; and if such Diftrefs cannot be

found, then such Offender or Offenders shall and may be committed,

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Commiflioner orCom-

miftiotiers, to His Majefty’s Gaol the New Prifon, if within the

County of the City of Dublin ; or to His Majefty’s Gaol of Kilmaln- Imprifonmenr.

ham, if within the County of Dublin, there to remain for any time not

lefs than Two Days, nor more than One Month, or until he, (he or

they shall pay the said Penalties, and all Colts and Charges attending

the Nonpayment thereof : Provided always, that if any Heaps of such Provifo.

•Street Dirt, Manure, Dung, Scavenger’s Soil or other Soil (hall

lie suffered to remain in any Place more than four Days without

being removed by the said Commiflioners, or by their Servants, the

Owner of any Ground or Tenement fronting to such Heap or Heaps,

may remove the fame without being liable to any Penalty.

* XVII. And Whereas confiderable Sums might be railed by

*	the Sale of such Street Dirt, Manure, Dung, Scavenger’s Soil

*	or other Soil so collected by the said CommifTioners, to be applied ‘ by them to the PurpoTs of the said recited Adi of the Forty

*	feventh Year and this Adi j’ Be it therefore enacted, That, from CoTrmiflionen and after the pafliuT of this Adi, it /hall and may be lawful for the empowered to Commiflioners for the time being appointed or to be appointed under :'treel Dlrt the said recited Adi of the Forty seventh Year, and for all Officers

and Perfons employed and authorized by them, from time to time to fell and dispose of all such Street Dirt, Manure, Dung, Scavenger’s Soil or other Soil, which /hall accumulate or be dropped or laid down and collected within the said Limits, and that the Money arising from the Sale or Sales of such Street Dirt, Manure, Dung,

Scavenger’s Soil or other Soil shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Commiflioners, to be by them appropriated to the Purpofes of this Adi and of the said recited Adi pafTed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Property of the Property of Pavements, Flags, Timber, Stones, Polls, Spud Stones, Public Fountains or Conduits, Irons, Lamps and Furniture thereof (Private	ora<

Lamps and the Irons thereunto excepted), and all other Materials and Tilings whatsoever, which now are in Ufe, or which at any time hereafter shall be in Ul’e, or shall be procured for the Purpofes of the said recited Adi of‘the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Adi, in any of the Squares, Quays, Bridges,

Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Stable Lanes, Warehoufe Lanes, or other Paflages whatsoever, within the Limits aforesaid, whether any such Lanes, Courts, Alleys or other Pastages, shall or shall not-be Thoroughfares (except in any such Stable Yards, Stable Lanes, or Places as shall be enclosed and shut in with Gates at the Entrance thereof), shall be and the fame are hereby vested in the said Com-miffioners for the time being, appointed or to be appoiat^d under the 54. Geo. III.	4	B	faid



ho6

C ccxxi.

54®

GEO. in.

. A.D. 1814.

Emkewing, *c. Breaking, Jcc. Mater uL, &c.

Penalty.

Warrant, ^c.

Snow, &c. removed from Doors, &c.

Penalty.

Throwing off >now.

f^id recited A& of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majefly's Reign and their Succeffors; and the said Commiflioners are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought any A&iqn or A&ions, or to prefer, or to order and direct the preferring of any Indi&ment or Indi&ments against any Perfon or Perfons who shall embezzle, deal, take or carry away any Part of such Property, Materials or Things 5 and if any Perfon or Perfons shall wilfully or maliciously break up, dellroy or damage any Pan of such Property, Materials or Things, or any of the Works made or to be made in pursuance of the said recited Adi of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, or of any of the Adis .therein recited, or of this Adi, every Perfon so offending shall, for every such Offence, over and above all other Satisfadlion for such Damages, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds ; and if the Cofl of such Damages, together with the said Fine or Fir** shall not be paid upon Convidlion, or secured to be paid to the Satisfadlion of the Commiflioners, then and iu every such case the said Commiflioners shall and may proceed by Warrant and Committal, as in the said recited A& 01 the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is mentioned, expressed and contained.

* XIX- And Whereas great Inconveniences have arisen and hare * occurred to Paffengers, from the Footways not being duly cleankd 1 during Frofls and Falls of SnowBe it further cnadled. That the Occupiers of every House or other Building within the Limits of the Jurifdidlion of the Commiflioners, and every other Pcribn liable to the Payment of the Rates and Afieffments tliereoa re-fpedlively, shall cause the Snow and all and every Annoyance caused by Frofl to be feraped, cleansed and swept from off the Steps of their fevered and respective Doors, and from the Footway running along such respective Houfes and other Buildings and Tenements, Dead Walls, Coach Houses, Warehouses, Stables and Out Offers thereunto belonging and appertaining, and void Spaces, and shall cause to be swept and cleansed, the paved Gutter or Water Channel all along the Front of the fame ; and shall, during the Continuance of such Frofl and Snow follow, and perform such Directions as the said Commiflioners shall by Public Notice or otherwise give, in laying Allies or other Materials on the said Footways for the Safety of Paffengers; and that any Perfon or Perfons who shall wilfully disobey or neglect the Dire&ion of the (aid Commiflioners in the Picnuses, shall and may on Proof upon Oath of such NegleCt by one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes before any of the said Commifijoacrs, forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Two Shilling* and Six pence for such Negledl, to be levied by Warrant of DiArei* and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattel!.

XX. And be it further enabled, That Snow may be thrown into any Public Paffage from the Roof of any Dwelling House or other Building, private or public, situate and being within the Limits of the Jurifdidion of the (aid Commiflioners, upon Precaution being taken as hereafter .mentioned, from the first Appearance of Day-light until the Hour of Teno* Clock in the Morning, and not at any other Hour or Time in the Day or Night; and that if any Snow shall be thrown into any such Public Paffage from off the Top or Roof of any House, Houfes or other Buildings, at any other time fare as aforesaid, or without giving warning to Paffcngm ‘	by

C^ooQle

C.ccxxi.

A.D. 1814*	•	54°	GEO.	Ill*

’ 1107

by a Perfon placed for that Purpofe oh the Footway, all and every Perfon or Perfons from whose House, Houfes or other Buildings the fame shall be thrown, shall and may on being convicted thereof before One or more of the said Commissioners, forfeit and pay Penalty, any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, to be levied by Warrant of DiArefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and wheresoever found.

4 XXI. And Whereas the Watering of the Squares, Streets and

*	other Public PafTages within the Limits of the Jurifdiftion of the

*	faid Commissioners, so far as it has been carried into Execution,

4 pursuant to the said recited Aft of the Forty seventh Year of the 47 G 3. Sett! a. 4 Reign of His present Majessy, has been found of the greatell c cu* § 94«

4 Utility and Comfort to the Inhabitants and Paflengers within the	*

4 fame; and inasmuch as Doubts exist as to the Power of the said 4 Commiflioners to assess for the fame ;* Be it therefore enabled, That, Power to Own* from and after the palling of this Aft, all and every Public Building, ers *c Dwelling House, Mefluage or Tenement, dead Walls and void ^^*0 Com* Spaces of Ground, situate in any Street or Public Paflage within m'rtioners to”" the Limits aforesaid, the Majority of the Houfeholders or Perfons hive Streets liable to pay the Public Taxes of which may make Application in watered Writing to the said Commiflioners to have the fame watered, (hail pay to the said Commiflioners a Tax to be rated and aflrfled on all such Public Buildings, Dwelling Houses, Mefluages or Tenements, dead Walls or void Spaces or Ground, in Proportion to their Extent in Front to such Street, for the Purpofe of watering the fame, at a Rate not exceeding Seven Pence by the Foot running Measure, in a Street which is built on both Sides, and in Streets and Quays built on one Side only, at a Rate not exceeding One Shilling by the Foot running Measure, to be applied in watering such Street or Public Pastage, and to be recovered in the fame mariner as other Rates afleiied by the said Commissioners are recoverable.

4 XXII. And Whereas in and by the said recited Aft of the 47 g. 3. SefTs.

*	Forty seventh Year of His present Majefly's Reign, divers Powers c.cix. §95. kc. 4 are given to the said Commissioners for the making, building, re-

4 pairing, paving and cleansing of the Sewers within the said Limits,

4 as well in new Streets as in other Streets and Places within the 4 Limits of the Jurifdiftion of the said Commiflioners; and Doubts 4 have arisen in what manner the Expellees, Coils and Charges of v 4 such Sewers should be rated and paid ;* Be it enacted, That all the Making Sewers, Expence, Cofts and Charges, of building, making, paving, cleansing,

Repairing, deepening or enlarging any Sewers, Drains or Cefs Pools in any Street within the Limits of the Jurifdiftion of the said Com-miflioners, shall and may, from and after the passing of this Aft, be afTefled and made payable by lineal Measure, and shall be assessed and levied upon all the Houses, Warehouses, Stables, Coach Houfes*

Store Houfes or other Buildings or Tenements, Public or Private, in any such Street, and upon all dead Walls and void Spaces in any such Street, according to the Extent in Front, lineal Measure, of such Houses, Tenements, Buildings, dead Walls or void Spaces respectively, and shall be recovered in the fame manner and under all such Regulations as are contained in the said recited Aft of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of Hia present Majesty with respect to Sewers to be made in any Street or Place newly built, or in Progrefs thereto ; provided always, that the whole JJum to be afTefled for the making or

4 B 2	building



AJD. 1814.

54J GEO. III.

HmifY* having #rofs Drains communicating with rmin • Sewers liable to Sewer Rates.

4? C, 3. Seir. 2. c. eije-

’ » 9*-

building any new Sewer, Drain or Cefs Pool, shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of Eighteen Pounds by the Perch 5 and that the whole of any such Sums so to be assessed shall not in any case exceed the Sums actually expended by the said Commissioners 5 and provided also that nothing herein mentioned shall extend or be con (trued to extend to any Houfes inhabited by Perfons so poor that they are entirely unable to bear the Expences of such Sewers, Drains or Cefs Pools; but that with refpe£t to Houfes inhabited by such poor Perfons the said Commissioners shall proceed in manner directed by the Paid recited Ad.

XXIII. And be it further enabled, That in all cases where the House or Premifes of any Perfon or Perfons shall at any time heretofore have been benefited by, or shall hereafter be benefited by any main Sewer or Drain ccnftruded or to be conflruded by the laid Commissioners, under the Powers of the said recited Ad or this Ad, by reason or means of any cross Drain or Branch leading from such House or Premises, and communicating with such main Sewer or Drain, the House or Premifes from which any such cross Drain or Branch shall have been or shall be made, communicating as aferefsid, and the Perfon or Perfons inhabiting such House or Premises, and who shall have made or used, or (nail make or use any such cress Drain or Branch, shall be liable to the Payment of all such Rates and Affeffments as shall have been or shall be made for the railing or levying the Coils, Charges and Expences of making, building, cleaning, paving or repairing any such main Drain or Sewer, according to the Extent in Front of such House or Premises, in like manner as 20T House or Premises, or Perfon or Perfons inhabiting the fame, is or may be liable in any other case under the said recited Act or this Ad.

4 XXIV. And Whereas the Commissioners for the time being,

4 under the said recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign 4 of His present Majesty, have from time to time laid out and expended 4 several Sums of Money in paviug, (hingling and flagging several 1 Streets and Public Paffages not before paved or flagged, and have 4 also laid out and expended several Sums of Money m and about 4 the building, repairing and cleansing of Public Sewers, as by the 4 said recited Ad the said Commissioners were authorized to do, acd 4 it is by the said recited Ad provided that the Charges and Expends 4 attending such Paving and Sewers (hill be paid in certain cases by 4 the Owners, Proprietors or Leflees of the Grounds, Houfes or 4 Tenements in fuen Streets, according to the Extent and Number of 4 Feet which each such House, Ground or Tenement shall occupy in 4 front to such Street, and in certain other cases by the Inhabitants of 4 such Streets according to such Proportion of the Expences as to the 4 said Commissioners shall seem meet, and the Inhabitants in such 4 Streets and Public Pafsages, and the Proprietors and Owners of 4 Public and other Buildings, dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground 4 have hitherto declined or refused to pay to the said Commissioners 4 the several Sums of Money so laid out and expended under Pretence 4 that the Mode of Affeffment for the fame is not fuffictently Rated 4 in the said recited A&, although such Works were perfbrined 00 4 Behalf and for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of such Streets and 4 Public Paffages under certain Promifel and Undertakings to the 4 said Commissioners, that all Sums expended by them on fuch

4 Accouit



C. ccxxi.

1109

A.D. 1814,	540	CEO.	III.

1 Account should be duly repaid;1 For Remedy whereof, t>e it further enacted, That, from and after the pacing of this Aft, it shall Suro* expended and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to make an Afleflment ^ 9°™'™!r,ou~ of all such Sums so expended in each and every Street and Public SeVers^c0*^ Paflage within their Jurifdiction, upon the Inhabitants in such Streets recovered or Public PalTages, and upon all Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Perfon or Perfons being Proprietors or Owners of Public Buildings ©r other Buildings rateable under this Aft, or being Proprietors or Owners of any dead Walls or void Spaces of Ground, and that such Afleflment shall be made according to the Number of Feet, lineal Measure, contained in front to such Street or Public Pastage, and in Proportion to the Sum so actually expended by the laid Com-	♦

miflioners, without any Charge for Intereil for the lame; and the said Commiflioners are hereby authorized and empowered to recover of and from all such Inhabitants, being Occupiers of Houfes iu the Streets and Public Paflages wherein such Works have been performed, and of and from all Bodies Politic and Corporate being Owners or Proprietors of any Public or other Buildings, and their Officers, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money so expended by the said Commiflioners for the Purpofe aforesaid, with like Remedies to the said Commiflioners in Default of Payment as specified in the said recited Aft for the Recovery of all Rates payable under the said recited Aft, or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurifdiction, or by Aftion in any of His Majelly’s superior Courts of Record in Ireland: Provided always, that the Sum to be charged for building proviso.

©r for having built any new Sewer shall not exceed the actual Expenditure thereon, and that the higheil Rate shall not exceed Eighteen Pounds per Perch of Twenty one Feet, lineal Measure, according to the Extent in Front of any such Public or other Building, dead Wall or void Space of Ground, and that the Sum so he charged for repairing and cleansing of such Sewers or for such Pavement, Flagging or Shingling, shall not exceed the Sum actually and bonaJide expended thereon.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Com- Private Sewers miflioners, or any Two of them, shall think it proper or necessary that any Private Sewer, Drain or Cefs Pool, or the Scite or Courts thereof respectively, within the Limits of the Jurifdiftion of the said Commiflioners, should be altered, changed, rebuilt, extended or enlarged, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commiflioners, or any Two of them, to cause the fame to be done in- such Manner and Form as they shall judge bell, firfb giving or causing to be given Fourteen Days’, previous Notice of such their Intention 5 and the Charges and Expences thereof, and of repairing the Pavement and Flagging damaged thereby, shall (land charged on the several Public Buildings, House or Houses,

Mefluages and Tenements, dead Walls and void Spaces, in every Street where the fame shall be so made or repaired, altered, changed, rebuilt, extended or enlarged, and be paid by the Perfon or Perfons respectively liable to the fame 5 and the said Commiflioners, or any Two of them, shall and may assess and rate the Quota or Share which each and every such Perfon or Perfons is or are to pay according tq the Extent in Front by lineal Meafure of such Public Building,

House or Houses, Meffuages and Tenements, dead Walls and void Spaces : and if any Perfon or Perfons so assessed shall refuse to pay

4 B 3	fucH

Ilto

C.ccxxi.

Fencing Vacant Ground, and flagging, See. Street*, and making Sewer* compounded for*

S4* GEO. IIL	A.D.	1814*

such ’Quota, Share or Proportion of such Afleflment, it shall and may be lawful to and for the (aid Commiflioners to levy and recover the fame, in such manner as all or any of the other Rates herein mentioned are to be levied under thia Ad; or the said Commifiioners .may, at their E led ion, commence and prosecute One or more Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits, against the Perfon or Perfons so refafing.

* XXVI. And Whereas there are many Houses, or other

*	Buildings and void Spaces and Lots of Ground for building oo,

*	in front of several of the Public Paflage* within the Limits of the

*	Jurifdidion of the (aid Commiflioners, the Footways of which € have not yet been flagged, or the Carriageways paved or dungled

*	by the Owners or Proprietors thereof, or such void Spaces or

*	Building Plots, not being sufficiently fenced or indosed, to the

*	great Inconvenience and danger of Paflengere Be it therefore enacted. That, from and after the pafiing of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Cotnmiflioners to apply to the respective Owners or Proprietors of such Houfes or other Buildings void Spaces or Lots of Building Ground, if such Proprietors can be difeovered, by giving Fourteen Days' Notice in Writing, which Notice shall require the Attendance of such Owners or Proprietors, or of some One in their behalf, at the Board Room of the (aid Commiflioners, within Fourteen Days from the Service of such Notice; and if such Proprietors cannot be difeovered, then by affixing such Notice on some conspicuous Part of such Premises, and by publishing the fame in the Dublin Gazette, in order that such Owners or Pro* prietors may compound with the (aid Commiffiooers for fencing or inclofmg such void Space or Lot of Building Ground, or for flagging hi front of such House or other Building, void Space or Lot of Building Ground, or for paving or fhingling the Carriageway in front of the fame, so far as the Centre of the Street, or other Paflage to which they may front, or for building a Main Sewer, or a Cross Drain from fucu House or other Building, void Space or Lot of Building Ground, into a Main Sewer, or both; and in case such Compofition shall not be made, or such Notice shall not be duly attended to, then and in such case it shall be lawful to and for the said Commiflioners to execute any or all of such required Works, and to remove all Obftacfes to tbc fame, and to defray the Cofts thereof out of the'Funds arising from the (aid recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this A&; and in Default of Repayment by such Owner or Proprietor when called on for the fame, or if the Owner or. Proprietor cannot be found, that then the fame, together with the Coils of Advertifement in the Dublin Ga%itie flail be and remain a Charge on such Houfes or other Buildings, void Spaces or Lots of Building Ground, which shall be liable to the Coll a of such Works adfually expended by the said Commiflioners and no more, into whose Hands foevrr tie fame may comp, and it shall be lawful for the said Cornmiflioners to recover such Sums so paid by them for any such Works from any Owner or Proprietor, or Occupier of such House or Houfes or other Buildings when the fame shall be inhabited or tenanted, and also from the Occupier or Owner of such void Space or Lot of Building Ground after the fame is built upon and inhabited, but not otherwise, by Dillrefs, or by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurifdi&ion*

6	«	XXVII.	A*d





C. ccxxi.

1111

A.D. 1814*

54® GEO. IH.

*	XXVII* And Whereas it is enabled by the said recited AA 47 G 3. ScfT. 2. 4 of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, C’CUL $iai*

4 That if any Perfon shall deal, take and carry away any qf the Flags,

4 Stones, Gravel, Timber, or other Materials whatsoever, belonging

4 to the said Corporation, or any Lamps, Burners, Pods, Iron dr

4 Furniture thereof, such Perfon or Perfons being thereof lawfully

4 convisted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be transported

4 for Seven Years ;* For the more effectual Punilhment of such and

the like Offences, be it therefore enacted, That if any Perfon or Stealing, vc.

Perfons shall hereafter deal, take, carry awiy or embezzle any Materials Se-

Article or Material, being the Property of the said Corporation, he,	Cor~

(he or they in all such cases may and shall be indisted, and if con- *°r* °n*

vifted on such Indiftment of dealing, taking and carrying away, or

of embezzling the Property of the laid Corporation, over and above

the Value of One Shilling, he, (he or they being so convifted* (hall

and may receive Sentence, and be puniftied as in cases of Conviftioti

for Grand Larceny ( and that when any Perfon or Perfons shall Punilhment.

deal, take or carry away, or embezzle any Article or Material, being

the Property of the said Corporation, and he, (he or they shall be f>

indifted on such Charge, for dealing or embezzling, under the Value

of One Shilling, he, (he or they shall and may, on Conviftion of

such Offence, receive Sentence and be puniffied as in case of Coil- PunlOimenc,

viftion for Petty Larceny, at the Difcretion of the Court before

whom he, (he or they may be so convicted.

*	XXVIII. And Whereas it frequently happens that the Lamps 4 and Burners and Furniture of the fame belonging to the said 4 Corporation are broken, dedroyed or damaged, and Sufficient 4 Evidence cannot be produced to prove that the fame were fb 4 broken, dedroyed or damaged wilfully and maliciously ;* Be it therefore enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall by negligence Accidental or by accident, by Day or by Night, break, dedroy or damage any f*re«iking,&c. such Lamp, or any Part thereof, or the Burner thereunto belonging, * Laa,Ps*

or any Furniture or Part thereunto belonging, or the wooden Pull or Irons thereunto belonging, the Perfon or Perfons so offending may be apprehended and brought before one or more of the said Commissioners, or, if known, shall and may be Summoned before the said Commissioners, and being convicted thereof, shall be adjudged to pay any Sum not exceeding the actual Value of such Lamp or Burner l,ewalty* so broken, dedroyed or damaged by such Accident or Negligence 5 and on Refufal to pay the fame, such Commiflioner or Commissioners may, and shall, and are hereby authorized, by Warrant of Dillrefa, Hi.lrcfs. to levy the Sum so adjudged for such Damage, or to cause the fame to be levied, off the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons so doing such Damage.

4 XXIX. And Whereas in consequence of the Jurifdiftion of the 4 said Commissioners having been extended by the said Aft of the • Forty seventh Year of His present Majedy's Reign, tq several 4 7 G-.l-a-4 Liberties and Didrifts within the said Circular Road, which were C tu*

4 not under the Jurifdiftion or the Direftion of the Qommiffioners 4 for paving and lighting appointed under former Afts, and in con-4 Sequence of the present Commissioners executing the Public Works 4 necessary for paving, cleanling and lighting the Streets under their 4 own Direction, and not by Contraft as formerly, there were not 4 such a Number of Officers lieretofore employed or required by the

4 B 4	‘	fuid



Sabry of Sere-Uiy increaf-J.

Provifo.

Provifo for Water Com-pauies.

Provifo, for Karl of Meath's Rj$ht.

54* GEO. IH.	A.D. 1814.

*	faid forme!* Comtaiffioners, as are now employed 'and required oa ‘ account of the great Extent of the Works carrying on by the

*	prefent Commiffiontrs, and the Duty of the Secretary to the faid

*	Commiffioners is thereby conliderably encreafod, and is likely to

*	enercafe and become more troublesome and laborious ;* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Ad* there shall be paid to the Secretary of the said Commiflioners, out of the Funds granted by the said recited Ad of the Forty Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this present Aft, such further and other Yearly Sum as the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, direct and appoint, in addition to the Yearly Sum of Two Hundred Pounds already provided for, and directed to be paid, and as now received by the Secretary of said Commissioners : Provided always, that the Salary so to be paid to the said Secretary, shall not in the whole exceed the annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds.

‘ XXX* And Whereas the Powers and Jurifdidions of the Lord

*	Mayor, Sheriffs, Commons and Citizens of Dublin, or of their Pipe

*	Water Committee, as to the Management, Superintendance or ‘ Direction of Pipes or Pipe Water do not extend in all Directions, 4 as far as the said Circular Road; but there arc confiderabie 4 Diftrids within the said Circular Ready and within the Jurifdiction

*	of the said Commissioners, which are fuppiied with the Water by 4 Means of Pipes, under the Care and Management of other Perfocs;

( and it is reasonable that such other Perfons should be subject to the

*	fame Rules and Penalties as to the breaking up the Pavement, as 4 the said Pipe Water Committee, or as those for Private Pipes are \9 Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of tins Ad, all and every the Rules, Regulations, Proviiions, Peoalties and Payments in the said recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, relating to the said Lord Mayor, Sheriffs, Commons and Citizens of Dublin, or their Pipe Water Committee, concerning Pipes or Pipe Water, or the breaking up or Repairs of Pavement, shall extend and be in force, aud be deemed, taken and conilrued to extend and be in force to all lutenU and Purposes, to all and every Perfon or Perfons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, having, or who shall or may at any time or times hereafter have the Care, Management, SuperintendaLce or Diredion of any Pipe or Pipes for the conveying of Water in, through or into any Street, Square, Lane or other Public Pafsage, within the said Circular Road, as fully and effectually as if the fame had been in the said Ad expressly extended to such Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate by Name, or other sufficient Defcription.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing contained in tins Ad or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Irelcrd^ shall be conilrued to subject the Right Honourable John Chambr Earl of Meath, or his Succeffors, Proprietors for the time being of certain Water flowing into and passing through the Liberties of Thommt Court and Donore, commonly called the Earl of Meath's Liberty, which by the said recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, and by this Ad, are deferibed to be within the Limit* of the Jurifdidion of the said Qommiffionerc, to any other Rule, Re.

g illation



C. ecxxi.

540 GEO. IIL

m3

gulation or Penalty, in respect of such his Water, or the Works connected therewith, than such as the said Lord Mayor, Sheriffs,

Commons and Citizens of Dublin, or their Pipe Water Committee, now are subject to, concerning their Pipe Water or the Works connected therewith.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after Three Water from Calendar Months from the passing of this Ad, no Common Dairy Cow Yaids,&e. man, or Perfon making a Trade of feeding Cows, Pigs or Horfes, nor any Keeper of any Public Inn, or Common Livery Stables, or any Keeper of Hackney Coaches or Carriages for hire, within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, shall permit or suffer any Urine, or other Water, or Dirt, or Filth, to How or to run from their Several Dairies, Kouses, Yards, Sheds, Stalls, Stable or Stables,

Stable Lanes, or other Places, into any Street, Public Paffage or Place, or through the Kennels or Channels on the Surface thereof, but shall cause the fame to be conveyed under Ground by a proper and Sufficient Sewer from such Dairy, House, Yard, Shed, Stall,

Stable, Stable Lane or other Place, to the nearest and next main Sewer, which Sewer.or Sewers shall be built and constructed under the Direction and Approbation of the said Commissioners or fomc proper Perfon, to be by them appointed to oversee the making and building of the fame, and not otherwise, at the proper Colls and Charges of the Owner or Owners of such Places as aforesaid ; and that the Over-feers to be employed by the said Commifiioners shall be paid the fame Wages by the Perfon or Perfons so making such Sewer or Sewers, as the said Commissioners shall then usually pay in such cases.

XXX III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Quantity of palling of this Ad, no such Dairyman or other Perfon following Duns»»Dairies, the Trade of a Feeder of Cows, Pigs or Horfes, nor any such *c*

Keeper of Livery Stables or Hackney Coaches or Carriages, shall have or keep at any one time within the Limits of the Jurifdi6tion of the said Commissioners, in his, her or their Dairy Yard or other Yard or Yards, House or other Place more than Ten Ton Weight of Dung ; and if any such Dairyman or other Perfon or Perfons shall after Three Calendar Months from the palling of this Ad, permit or suffer any Urine or other Water or Filth to How or run from their Dairies, Houses, Yards, Sheds, Stalls, Stable or Stables, Lanes or other Places, into any Street, Public Pafsage, or other Place, or through the Kennels or Channels on the Surface thereof, he, she or they shall forfeit and pay unto the said Commissioners for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings ; the said several Penalty. Penalties to be recovered by Dillrefs and Sale of the Offenders1 Goods and Chattels, or in case of Nonpayment the Perfon or Per* fons offending herein shall be committed to Bridewell for any time not exceeding Ten Days, or until such Fine or Fines shall be paid; and if any such Dairyman or other Perfon or Perfons (hull not, upon receiving Notice from or by Order of the said Commissioners or their Secretary in Writing, immediately proceed to remove such Dung, and to complete the Removal thereof within the Space of Six Days from and after such Notice as aforesaid, he, (he or they shall forfeit and pay unto the said Commissioners for each and every Day such Nui-fance or Nuifances shall be so found to exist and be continued, a Sum pot exceeding Five Shillings, the fame to be ^levied in manner before Penalty, mentioned.

XXXIV, An4

in4

Wafer from Markets, fcc.

Penalty.

Impiilonmcnt.

1 lorfrs, See. tuuml iu Streets.

Penalty. P&uble Cofts.

Cut’s of Ad.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pairing of this Aft, if any Perfon or Perfons shall cause, permit or suffer any foetid and (linking Water, or any hot or warm Water, or any other Watfer Or Waters impregnated with the Blood from any Slaughter House or Market, or with the Materials used in any Diftihery, Brewery, Foundery, Tan Yard or other Yard, Dye House or any other House, Dwelling House, or any other Place, Tenement or other Concern whatsoever within the Limits of the Jurifdiclion of the said Commissioners, or any Water whatsoever to run or flow from any of the Places aforesaid through or upon any Public Street, Paffage or other Place upon the Surface thereof; every such Perfon or Perfons so offending (half forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, for each and every such Offence ; and if the said Fine or Fines so incurred shall not be paid upon Conviftion, then and m every such case the said Commissioners shall and may proceed under and by virtue of such Warrant as is provided and directed by the said Aft of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, or by Committal of the Offender Of Offenders for one Month, until such Fine or Fines shall be paid, as in and by the said lall recited Aft is also provided and directed.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That all Carts, Cars, Sledges, Drays or Waggons, when loading or unloacting, shall be drawn up and (land close to the Curb Stone of the Footway with the Heads of the Horfes or other Beads up or down such Street, Paffage or Place; and if any Horse or Horfes, or other Bead or Bealls in Carts, Cars, Sledges, Drays or Waggons, shall be found lading or unlacting, or remaining witn the Horse or Horfes, or other Beafl or Bealls Handing athwart or across any of the said Streets, Public Pal-fages or Places, the fame shall be deemed an Obilruftion, Annoyance and Nuifance, and may be seized and detained by any Infpeftor, Supervifor or other Officer appointed by the said Cammiffiooers; and the Perfon or Perfon6 making or causing such Obilruftion or Nuifance, or if such Perfon or Perfons cannot be found, then the Owner or Owners of such Cart, Car, Sledge, Dray or Waggon, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, to be recovered in manner as in the said recited Aft of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is provided and mentioned*

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Aftiou or Actions shall be brought by the said Commissioners against any Perfoc or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, or Corporate wnatsoever, for the Recovery of any Money or Monies, Penalty or Penalties, due or forfeited or recoverable under or by virtue of this Aft or the said ranted Aft of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma/rftr, and a Verdift (hail be had and given againit such Perfon or Perlons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, he or they shall pay Double Coils, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Aftion or Aftions (bill have such remedy for the Recovery thereof, as any Plaintiff or Plaia-tiffs may have for his, her or their Cofts in any other cases by Law.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Cofts, Charges and Expences of preparing, obtaining and passing of this Aft, fhkl be paid by the said Commissioners, in the fiiift place, out of the Funds arising by virtue of the faid- former Aft of the Forty ieventh Year of the Reign of Jiis present Majesty, and of this present Aft.

XXXVIII,	And



C. ccxxi—ccxxvi,

1115

A.D.1814.	54* GEO.	III.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Aft 47 G. 3- Seir.a. •of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign pf His present Majesty, and c; c,x*to con' every Power, Clause, Provifion and Article therein contained, shall linue* &c* continue and remain in full force, virtue and efsect, excepting so far as the said Aft or any Part thereof is altered or amended by this Aft, and except such Parts thereof as relate to any Exemption from Stamp Duties, and that all Rights, Privileges, Powers and Authorities which were granted by the said recited Aft of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and remain in full Force for the Purpofes of carrying the fame and every Part thereof, and this Aft, into Execution ; and that all and every Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Aft, shall be recovered, levied and applied by the fame means and in the fame manner; and all Conviftions for or by reason of the fame, shall and may be in the fame Form and Manner as in the said recited Aft is dirested, concerning any Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the said Aft, save as are herein otherwise particularly dirested, and with such Right of Appeal as is in and by the laid Aft given and dirested; and that the said recited Aft and this Aft Confin ed at shall be construed together as one Aft, so far as the fame are compatible t,n- ‘Vct* . or confident with each other 5 and as if all the Claufes in the said recited Aft contained had been inserted in this Adi.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be Public Act. deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Juilices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. ccxxii.

An Aft for more effectually ascertaining the Boundaries of the Parifh 17 ft x8 G. 3. of Saint Mary's, Dublin.	[27th July 1814.] (*•)<*• 47-»n

part repealed.

*	Cap. ccxxiii.

An Aft for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of Four Afts of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Thames^ West ward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London ; and for further improving the said Navigation.

[27th July 1814.]

[70,000/. ralfed.]

14 G. 3. e. Qt. 17 G.3. c.18. 50 G. 3. c. ctiv. JlG. 3. c.xlvi.

Cap. ccxxiv.

Aa Aft for exchanging Parts of the Settled Eftates of the Moft Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, for Fee Simple Eftates of the said XSuke ; and for exchanging other Parts of such Settled Eftates for Fee Simple Eftates of Charles Goring, Efquire. (q. P.)

[27th July 1814.]

Cap. ccxxv.

An Aft for confirming the Annexation of the Reftory of Elinghann in the County of Norfolk, to the Mafterfhip of Magdalen Coliege, in the University of Cambridge. (q. P.)	[27th July 1814.]

Cap. ccxxvi.

An Aft for enabling the Reverend Sir Richard Hughes, Baronet, to., fell certain Parts of his Settled Eftates in the Counties of Surry and SttffeXf {o the Moft Noble Cbaric* Puke, of Norfolk ; and for

applying



11 j6

C. ccxxvi—ccxxviii.	54® GEO. HI.

A.D.1S14

applying the Money thence arising, in the Purchafe of other Eftatesf to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates so fold. (q. P.)

^27th July 1B14.]

Cap. ccxxvii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parilh of Omberjly, in the County of Worcester. (q. P-)	C271^ Fuly 1814.]

** Allotments and Compcnfations for Tithes, § 27, 28, 29. Commii-fioners empowered to allot part of Wade as Compenfation for ** Lands conveyed to Trustees under c. ccxviii. ante, tor rebuilding M Omberfley Church, £31.

Cap. ccxxviii.

An Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Aftt made in the Forty third and Forty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackball, for the Accommodates of the East India Shipping in the said Port. [28th July 1814.] 43 Ci. 3. c. cxxvi. « ’Y T 7 H E REAS by an Aft made in the Forty third Year of the

*	VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for the fur* ther Improvement oj the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port, certain Perfons therein named, and their several and respective Succeflbrs, Executors, Adminilirators and Afligns, were united into a Company of Proprietors by the Stvle and Firm of “ The East India Dock Company,” for the Purpofe of making the said Docks and other Works, and for otherwise carry-ingthe several Powers and Authorities of the said Aft into Execution : And Whereas an Aft was made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad, made in the Forty third Tear of His present Majesty, for the further Improvement of the Part of London by making Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Ac• commodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port : And Whereas in Execution of the said Afts the said East India Dock Company have formed Two Docks at Blackwall aforesaid, called aa Outer and an Inner Dock, together with certain Bafons and Locks: And Whereas the Quays or Wharfs surrounding such Outer Dock are bounded on the North Side by the Wall which separates the fame from the Inner Dock, and at the East End by the Entrance Bafon and Locks leading from the River Thames to the said Inner Dock: And Whereas the Trade to and from Places within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter being open, with certain Limitations, to all His Mnjefty’s Subjefts in Private Ships, by

53 G.3. c. 155. * virtue of an Aft parted in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. intituled An Ad for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Time, the pQjffeffion of the British Territories,

*	in India, together with certain exclujtve Privileges ; for eflchfjhirg ■* further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories and 1 the better Adminijlration of Jujlicc within the fame ; andfor regulaS-1 ing the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the fail

*	Company's Charter, it is expedient that Accommodation should be

*	made in the said Docks for the Shipj^dg which /hall be engaged

*	in such Private Trade, and that Warcboufcs, Cranes, Sheds acd

• other

$ 1.

46 G. 3. c. cxiii.



C. ccxxviii.

1117

54° GEO. III.

*	other Conveniences should be erected in the said Docks for the fafe

*	Cuftody of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported in Pri-

*	vate Trade, and unladen from such Shipping 5 and for the Purpofes

*	aforefaid it is necefTary that the said East India Dock Company

*	(hould have Power to increase their Capital or Joint Stock, and that ‘ the Powers and Provifions of the said recited Ads, of the Forty

*	third and Forty sixth Years of th$ Reign of His present Majefty

*	(hould be altered and enlarged 5 but as such Purpofes cannot be

*	effeded without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice andCon-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said recited Ads, and all and every the Clautes, Powers, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters and Things whatsoever therein contained (fave and except such Parts of the fame as are hereby altered, varied or repealed), shall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effed, and shall be as good, valid and effcdual for carrying the several Purpofes of this Ad into Execution in as full, ample and beneficial a manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this A61, and adapted to the Purpofes thereof.

II.	And be it further enabled, That, for the better and more effectually carrying the several Purpofes of the said recited Ads and this Ad into Execution, it shall be lawful for the said Enjl India Dock Company, at any extraordinary General Meeting or Meetings to be especially called for that Purpose, in manner by the said recited Ads directed, to increase and augment the Capital or Joint Stock, which by the said recited Ads they are enabled to raise, with any further Sum of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, as to the Majority of the Proprietors present at such Meeting or Meetings shall be deemed necefTary and expedient; and it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise such further Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Contribution among ft themselves, or by the AdmilUon of any new Subscriber or Subfcribers, or by such other ways and means as to the Majority of the Proprietors present at such Meeting or Meetings shall seem right and proper.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all such additional Capital or Joint Stock to be raised by virtue of this Ad, shall be considered as Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company, and shall be under and subject to the fame Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Diredions and Management in all respects, and to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if the fame had been Part of the Capital or Joint Stock directed to be raised by virtue of the said recited Ads (fave and except as to the time or times of making any Call or Calls for. the said Additional or Joint Stock directed to be raised by virtue of this Ad, and save and except as to the Amount of any such Call or Calls, which time and times, and the Amount of such Call or Calls respectively shall from time to time be appointed by the Diredors of the said Eafl India Dock Company, or any Five or more of them) ; and all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations and Clauses, save find except as herein excepted, contained i* the bid recited Ads, with respect or in relation to the feveral

Calls

Powers of 43 c. exxvi. 46 (J. 3. c. cxnL extended te Ad.

Company mty incrcale Capital or Joint Stock. 10c,cool.

Additional Capital considered as Part of Capital or Joint Stock.

Prov'fo

CaiU.





Ul8

C. ccxxviii.

54° GEO. III.	A.D.1814.

Calls made in Proportions and iit times as Company Dull direct*

46 O. 3. c.cxiii. § 10.

4 t 1.

in part repealed.

Additional Land purchased.

Calls to be made for the said Capital or Joint Stock to be thereby raised, and to the Recovery thereof, and of any Arrears thereof, and to the Forfeiture of any Sum or Sums adranced by reason of any Refufal or Negled to comply with any such Call or Calls, shall be applicable to and shall be in full Force and Effed as to the levenl Calls to be made for the said additional Stock to be raised by vine* of this Ad.

IV.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or*any Five or more of them, to make any Call or Calls for such additional Capital or Joint Stock, or any Pati or Parts thereof, in such Proportions, and at such time and times as shall be agreed upon by the said East India Dock Company at any of their General Meetings to be holden in the manner herein directed; any thing in the said recited Ad or this Ad contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enabled. That so much of the said recited A61 of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Maj-fty as rcflrains the Exercife of the Authority thereby given to the laid Company to purchase the Reverlion, Freehold and Inheritance of the Land and Hereditaments of or belonging to and lituate on tb; East Side or End of the said Docks, Bafons and other Work, between the fame, and the Lands and Hereditaments in the Occupation of Sir Robert Wigram Baronet (and which have been taken and purchased for a Term of Years by virtue of the laid last meotior.fd Ad), unless the Confent of the Owner or Owners thereof be firlt had and obtained, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and it shall be lawful for the said Company forthwith to purchase and take the fame by virtue and in the manner directed or referred to by the said last mentioned Ad, notwithstanding such Confent as aforesaid shall not have been obtained, and the time limited for purchaiing the fame hath elapsed.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Diredors, or any Five or more of them, to purchase the Freehold and Inheritance, and all other Eftates and Interests, of and m the Whole or any Part or Parts of all that Piece or Parcel of Land and Hereditaments containing Three Acres, or thereabouts, now in the several Occupations of John Wells Esquire, Sir Robert Wtgrsm Baronet, William Bough and Robert Gordon, or their or some of their Under Tenant or Under Tenants, and adjoining Land and Hereditaments in the Occupation of the said East India Dock Company, on the West Side thereof 5 the River Lee and Land and Hereditaments, being the Freehold and Inheritance of Sir Robert IVigram Baronet, on the North Side thereof; the River Lee trd Land and Premifes in the Occupation of the said Robert Gordon, oa the East Side thereof, and partly on Land and Hereditaments in the Occupation of the East India Dock Company, and partly on the Road leading to the Orchard House, on the South Side thereof, with the like Powers and Authorities, and subject to the like Rein, Regulations and Reftridions, and in the like manner, and with the like Powers and Regulations as to the Sale and Conveyance thereof, and the Application of the Money to be paid in respect of the Isa* as in the said recited Ads, or* either of them are contained, with respect to the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments thereby authorized to be purchased.

VII. Ph>-



C. ccxxviii.

1119

A.P.1814.

54* GEO. III.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Time for pur-faid Directors shall not within the Space of Five Years next after chafing Land, the palling of this Ad, agree for or cause to be valued, as in the said &c* imile ' recited Ad of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty is mentioned, and purchase the Land and Hereditaments hereinbefore particularly mentioned and described, or such Part or Parts thereof as

they may require, then and from thenceforth the Powers to them hereby granted for such Purpofe only, shall cease, determine and be utterly void and of no Effed; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not with Handing.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Power to enlarge the said Diredors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered Entrance Baton, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Servants and Workmen, to

enlarge the said Entrance Bafon in and upon the Lands purchased or to be purchased by them in purfuarvee of the said recited Ads and this Ad, according to such Plan or Plans and in such manner as they shall approve of.	1

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Diretfors em-faid Diredors, from time to time, by themselves, their Deputies, powered to huiM Agents, Servants and Workmen, to build and ered, or cause to be Warehouies, &c« built and erected, such and so many Warehouses, Wharfs, Quays,

Cranes, Sheds and Engines, as they shall think necessary and proper, along the Banks of or adjoining or near the several Docks and Bafous made and to be made by virtue of the said recited Ads and this Ad, convenient and sufficient for the Trade and Bufinefs of the said Docks, for both Homeward and Outward bound Ships, and for the landing and discharging, lading and shipping of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, that shall or may at any time or times be legally landed or shipped at the said Docks.

X.	And be it further enacted, That all the Gates and Doors of Warehoufe?,fcc. the said Inner Dock, and all the Gates and Doors of such of the under joint said Warehoufes as shall contain Goods, Wares or Merchandize EocksofCorn-imported or to be exported, which shall be subject to Duties of mdfioner*of”* CuHoms or Excife, (hail be under the joint Locks of the said Enjl Cuttoms *nd India Dock Company, and of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Exciie. Cuftoms and Excife, both or either of them, as the case may require,

or of their respective Officers, and shall be locked and opened only in the joint Prefence of One or more of the Officers of the said Company, and of the said Commiflioners of Cuiloras and Excife refpec-tiveiy employed for that Purpose, and shall never, on any Account or pretence whatsoever, be opened but in the joint Prefence of such Officers ; and the Officer or Officers whose Duty it shall be to Time of lock attend the locking up and opening of the said Gates of the Inner lT)% up» *c• Dock and Warehoufes respectively, shall, and they are hereby re- Uatci* quired to lock up and open the fame, or cause or procure the fame to be locked up and opened in their Prefence, at the Hours hereinafter mentioned for that Purpose, or at such other time or times as may be specifically required by the said Ea/l India Dock Company, or their proper Officer, upon the Spot, within such Hours as the Bufinefs of the Docks and Shipping may render necessary.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited 46 G. 3. c.cvii.

Ad of the Forty fi*th Year of the Reign of Hi* present Majesty,	^

prevents the carrying away of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, belon’’n? * "w cleared and discharged from Ships and Veffels in the said Docks, company re.

except pealtd.





1 120

C. ccxxviiL

Goo'll Umled upon Quays of l)ocks liable to Regulations as at l-eeal Quay*.

Stmll linkages in iialt lnd‘* Ships lee i ltd.

Penalty.

Packages made food at Rates in Schedule.

Entering and bonding Good* bv b.At India Company.

54* GEO. III.	AJD.	1814.

except by the Carayans, and in the manner therein preferibed, shall, so far as relates to such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as shall not belong to the said EaJl India Company, or shall not be imported in their Ships, or shall not be consigned to the EaJl India House for Sale, be and the fame is hereby repealed 5 and all such Good?, Wares and Merchandize, and Things whatsoever, as shall be landed or discharged upon the Quays or Wharfs of the said Docks, under the Infpfftion and Superintendence of the Officers of the Revenue attached to the said Docks, shall (fubjeft to the Provifions of th;i Aft) be liable to such and the like Regulations, and be hoiffid and delivered in such and the fame manner as Goods, Warv-s or Merchandize landed or discharged upon the Legal Quays in the City ot 1London.

* XII. And Whereas many valuable Goods and Articles are

•	imported from the EaJl Indies and China in small Packages end

*	Pareels, and to prevent thelofs of the fame Be it further enacted. That every Commander of a Ship or Veflel in the Employ of the said United Company, or engaged in Private Trade, (hail, v?itljQ Ten Days next after he shall leave his last; consigned Port in the E. Indies or China, in the Prefence of Two or more of the Officers of such Ship or Veflel, collect all such small Packages and Pareels, and cause the fame to be put into a Cafe or Cafes relpeftively containing not less than Six Cubical Feet, and cause the Contents of every such Cafe to be marked 011 the Outfide thereof, and that a Regiller of every such Tranfaftion shall be entered in the Log Book, and a Copy thereof annexed to the Manifeft delivered at the Cudom House ; and that every Cafe containing such small Packages ard Parcels (hail be sent to the EaJl India Company’s Warehoutes in the Order and Condition hereinbefore described ; and every Commander neglecting to put any small Package or Parcel into such Caie as aforefnid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be cleared or discharged from any Ship or VefTel employed in Private Trade in the said Docks, shall be in uniafe or insufficient Packages, or shall be (lowed loose in the Ship, the lame respectively shall be collested, and the Packages thereof made fafie and repaired at the said Docks, before the fame shall be delivered out of the Ship, and the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Configures thereof respectively, shall pay such Rates or Charges as are expneffed in the Schedule to this Aft annexed in respect thereof, to the £&id EaJl India Dock Company, which shall be recovered in the fame manner as the other Rates to be payable by virtue of this Aft.

XIV,	And be it further enacted. That in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Produce of any Place or Placet within the Limits of the EaJl India Company’s Charter shall be brought into any of the said Docks or Bafons, on board of any Ship or Veffd, and shall not be duly entered at the Cuffom House in London*, and also at such other Office of His Majeity’s Revenue as shall be re-quired by Law, within Seven Days next after the Ship or Veffrl importing the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have entered the said Inner Dock, then and in every such case the Direftors of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Esf Indiest or some Officer or Officers appointed by them for that Pur*

pde

v^ooQle

A.D. 1814.

C. ccxxviii.

I I2X

540 GEO. IlL

f ofe, shall, and they are hereby required, on the next ensuing Day not being a Sunday, Chrijlmas Day or Good Friday, or a Day appointed by His hlajefly’s Proclamation for the Purpofe of a General Faft or Thankfgiving) to cause such Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be duly entered at the Cnftom House, or other proper Revenue Office, and thereupon to give Security according to Law for the Payment of the Duties to which the fame shall be subject.

XV. And be it further enabled, That all Ships and VefTels arriving Goods bonded, in the said Inner Dock shall be cleared and discharged with all and prohibited convenient Speed, and all Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported ^”o in private Trade, which shall be landed therefrom, and which shall ta(t India c ombe bonded by the said United Company as aforesaid, or otherwise pony’s Ware-howsoever, and which are prohibited Goods, shall, without Lofs of houses.

Time (unlefs the contrary shall be ordered by the Lords Com-miffioners of His Majefly’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, as hereinafter mentioned), be sent to and deposited in the Ware-houfes of the said United Company* who shall account to the said East India Dock Company for the Rates and Duties payable to them in respect of the fame 5 and such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be fold under the Order and Authority of the Court of ‘Directors of the said United Company, on Account of the proper Owners thereof, and the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife, and the Rates, Charges and Expences payable to the said East India Dock Company, in respect of the fame, shall be deduced and paid to the proper Officers of His Majefty’s Revenue, and to the said East India Dock Company, their Receivers or Collectors, by the said United Company: Provided always, that the said United Company Application of shall not be or be deemed liable to the Payment of any Freight for Proceeds of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, so deposited in their Ware- Goods fold at houses, beyond the nett Proceeds of such Goods, Wares and Mer-	Com*

chandize, on such Sale as aforesaid, after retaining and defraying P*0*s a es* the Warehoufe Rent, Coils and Charges of Landing, Sale and Management, the Dock Dues and Duties payable to His Majcily in refpeA thereof; and the Mailer and Owner or Owners of any Veffel from which any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been landed, shall have the fame Lien upon such nett Proceeds of stich Goods, Wares and Merchandize, for the Freight thereof, as they shall have been entitled to upon the fame Goods, Wares and Merchandize, before the landing thereof, or if he or they shall give Notice in Writing of his or their Claim to Lien before such nett Proceeds shall have been paid over to the Coniignees or Owners of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That the said United Company	Com-

shall, and they are hereby required at their own proper Colls and pany to remove Charges, to provide proper and sufficient Caravans or Carriages, Goods as soon Lighters or Craft, with sufficient Servants or Workmen ready to as landed, remove or carry away any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, to be deposited in their Warehoufes when and as soon as the fame shall be landed in the Difcharge of any Ship or Veffel in the said Inner Dock, and to cause all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize to be forthwith removed and carried away accordingly.

'^XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares or Goods, if uot Merchandize imported in Private Trade and on which the Duties of taken away on 54 Gao. III.	4	C	Cuftoms





1122

C. ccxxviii.

Undmg, ware* housed.

Prpvifo. •

Goods landed under Provifion* of A£t fubjt& to Claims for Freight.

Part of Goods fold (after Three Months) by Public Auction, to pay Charges, and Remainder delivered. .

53 0.3- c. IJ5-

54* GEO. HI.	AJ).	1814.

Cuiloms and Excife ihall be fully paid, shall not i^hen and as fbon at the fame (haH be landed in the Difcharge of any Ship or VelTcl in the {aid Inner Dock, be forthwith carried away by the Owner or Owners, Confignee or Conhgnees thereof,, and all the Rates and Duties payable to the (aid East India Dock Company in refpea thereof fully discharged, then and in every or any such case it ihall be lawful for such Officer or Officers of the laid East India Dock Company as ihall be appointed for that Purpofe as aforesaid, to caufc such Goods, Wares and Merchandize to be forthwith housed m the Warehoufes of the said Eafi India Dock Company: Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained ihall extend, or be construed 10 extend, to authorize the housing of any Goods, War^s or Merchandize, in any Warehoufes to be erected under the Authority of this Aft, the Duties payable to the Cuttoms and Excife in respect of which ihall not have been fully discharged, unless the fame ihall be ordered to be housed in the laid Warehoufes by the Lords Com* miffioners of His Majetty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all such Wares or Merchandize, landed and warehoused under the Proyifions of this Aft ihall when fb landed and warehoused, continue and be subject or liable to such and the feme Claim for freight in favour of the Matter and Owner or Owners of the respective Ships or Veffeb frpm or out of which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize (haD be so landed and warehoused, as lpch Goods, Wares or Merchandize tefpeftively were subject and liable to whiltt the feme were on board such Ships or Veitels, and before the landing thereof; and the Direftors of the said United Company and the feid Eqfi India Dock Company Tefpeftively, or their respective Servants or Agents, #ull and may, and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required, upon due Notice in that behalf given to them by such Matter or Matters, or Owner or Owners, to detain and keep such Goods, Wares and Merchandize in the Warehoufes aforesaid respectively, until the respective Freights to which the fame ihall be fi&jcft and liable as aforesaid ihall oe duly paid or fedshed, together with the Rates and Charges to which the feme shall have become subject and liable.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be delivered or landed from any Ship or Vefid, and warehoused by the East India Dock Company, under the Pm-vifions of this Aft, and the Rates and Duties due to the feme Company in respect thereof^ shall not have been fully discharged, k ihall be lawful for the feid East India Dock Company, as and when they shall think proper, after the Expiration of Three Months from the Report of the Ship in which the feme shall have been imported* to cause such Part thereof as shall be fuiScient for that Purpofe to be fold by Public Sale, and the said Rates and Duties due in respect thereof, and to accrue due, by being warehoused and kept by the feid EM India Dock Company, thereby paid, and to cause the other Part of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize to he delivered to the Owner or Owners, Confignee or Coniignees thereof refpeftrvelj j any thing in the said recited Afts, or aby of them, or in the fad Aft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Mayfly to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

• ±X A*!





C. CCXXvifi.

A.0.1814.

J4° GEO. UL

1123

€ XX. And Whereas it is expedient that the times appointed by 4^ G.3. c.cim.

*	the said recited A61 of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His	cd

*	prefent Majesty, for opening the Gates and Doors of the said JJock. U

*	Docks, Quays and Wharfs tor Bufinefs, should not apply to the

*	faid Outer Dock ;9 Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said Aft of tne Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as regulates the times of opening and (hutting the Gates and Doors of the said Outer Dock (when the fame shall be walled round) fKall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that the said Gates and

Doors shall, after the palling of this Aft, on and from the First Day Hours of Butf-of March to the First Day of November inclusive, in every Year, 'n °utcr be opened for Bufinefs at the Hour of Six in the Morning, and Doc * continue open until and be (hut at the Hour of Seven in the Afternoon, and continue so (hut until the Hour of Six in the Morning ; and from the First Day of November to the First Day of March in every Year, the Gates and Doors of the said Outer Dock shall be opened for Bufinefs at the Hour of Seven in the Morning, and fhaU continue open until and be (hut at the Hour of Five in the Afternoon, and continue so (hut until the Hour of Seven in the Morning; Dinner lim# and that One Hour in every Day be appointed, from time to time by the said Direftors of the said Eqfi India pock Company, or any Five or more of them, for pinner, during which time no Bufinefs shall be transacted in the said Outer Dock: Provided always, that Provifo fer nothing herein contained shall in any wife invalidate or affect the 3««•«»»•. Power by the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His * a7’ present Majesty, given to the Lora High Treasurer, or the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to alter and change the time or times by the laid recited Aft or this Aft appointed for opening and (hutting the Gates and Doors of the said Docks, Wharfs and Quays, or any of them, or of transacting Bufinefs in the said Docks, or in the Wharfs, Quays or Warehoufes thereof.

XXL And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited 46 G.3. c. cxiJL Aft of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as § 17-in part enacts that all the Gates and Doors of Rich of the said Docks, Quays repealed, and Wharfs, as should be inclosed by the Wall or Walls, Gate or Gates, should be under the joint Locks of the said East India Dock Company, and of the Commiflioners of His Majefty7s Cuftoms and Exaft, or their respective Officers, shall so far only as refpeft9 the said Outer Dock and Bafon, and the Wharfs and Quays adjoining thereto, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Aft 46 c.csrn. of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of H19 present Majesty, as

enafts that no Perfon whatsoever shall be permitted to remain within '•I**1 such Part of the said Docks, Quays and Premises, as are to be in-doled within a Wall or Walls during any Part of such Hours and Times respectively, as the fame are thereby directed to be kept (hut up and locked, shall so far only as respects tne said Outer Dock be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Dock Mailer ap- Powsn of pointed by virtue of the said recited Afts, or either of them, shall Dock Mate* nave full Power and Authority to order all Ships and VeflHa entering

the said Docks, Bafons, or any of them, to be dismantled in such manner at he may think proper and Me for the Vefiels entering

4C 2



the



C. crxxviii.



54® GEO. III.	A.D.1S14.

the Locks and Bafons, and for the Prevention of Accident or Mif-chief to other Ships or Veffcls or the laid Docks and Bafons, and during the, time of every Ship's Deliver), or when discharged of Cargo, to have such Quantity of Ballaft on board, or dead Weight in her Hold, as he may judge requisite for such Ship or Veffel; and no Ship or Veffel shall be allowed to enter the said Docks, Bafons, Or any of them, unless Ihe shall be so dismantled, and shall not lx unladen so far as to render her insecure through the Want of Weight in her Hold, or such Quantity of Ballaft on board as the said Dock Mafter may deem proper and expedient; and every such Dod Mailer (hail also have full Power and Authority to give Direoioni for linking Yards and Mails, and to have fubftantiS Haulers ind Tow Lines, and Fafts to the Mooring Pofti, and also to regulate the Equipment, Rigging and Lading of all Ships and Veflels in the said Docks, or either of them, as he mall think necessary, and in calc 1 he shall judge any Aft or Proceeding in the Rigging, Lading oc Equipping of any Ship or Veffel injurious to the Safety of such Ship or Veffel, or to other Ships or Veffela in the said Dock, cr ‘ to the said Docks or Works, to give Notice to the Mafter or other i Perfon having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Veffel, to Matters, 8tc. of difcootinue and alter the fame ; and in case such Mafter or other 1 Ships not attend. Perfon shall not, according to such Direction, suspend or alter fach | ing to Direction! Aft or Proceeding immediately after Notice given to him or then of Dock Mafter. jn Writing, or left with some Perfon or Perfons on board the laid Ship or Veffel for that Purpose, every such Mafter or other Perfon, having the Command of such Ship or Veffel, shall, for every such Penalty.	Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pouuds,

and the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Veffel shall also be answerable for all the Injury that may be sustained by any other Ships or Veffcls or by the said East India Dock Company, through Negleft thereof.	4

Parses, &c. in XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ak Dock under	Barges, Ligliters, Craft and Boats in the said Docks or Bafons, or

Contr ntl of	any Qf them, shall be under the Command and Contronl of the

Dock Matter. Dock Mailer and his Aflillants as to the time or times of going into and going out of the lame, and their Pofition or Situation withis the laid Docks or Bafons, and io all other respects whatever; and every Perfon disobeying or negleftin? to obey any Order a 4 Orders of the said Dock Mailer or his Affiftants relating to asy Penalty.	Barge, Ligliter, Craft or Boat, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit 1

and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

La fears hot to XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Lafcars shall he allowed remain on board to be on board any Ship or Veffel in the laid Docks or Bafons, or any of them, except when such Ship or Veffel is coming in orgc*£ out, or preparing to go out of the Bafon or Outer Dock, and 00 such Lafcars shall in any case be on board any Ship or Veflel but between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Five in the After* noon, for the Purpofes of equipping or preparing her Rigging, previous to her failing from the said Docks.

N . ..	XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or PffloK

Docks/03 m	whosoever, shall throw, cast or put away or walh any BaM, End,

Dull, Alhes, Dirt, Stones or other Things whatsoever, from nr , Ships ,Lighters or Craft, or from any Wharf or Quay, or others* scow.foe'W'T. into any Do'*b or Docks, Bafon or Bafons, Entnsce

«r I



iiijAiiZ*



llu^

C;Ef*

bf ^

l:rj&

z:; £t

"•j "

;.V,'2i



> ,

-’S*

• -3*

'V.;t

'Jw*

i'l''-'

. •

'• ' >

A.D. 1814.	> 54r GEO. III.	C. ccxxviif.	112:5

or Entrances, or into or upon any other of the Works made and to be made in purfuance" of the laid recited Ads and this Ad, to the Prejudice thereof, or do any other Annoyance to the fame refpec-tivcly, or any Part thereof, every l'uch Perfon so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Penalty. Pounds.

XXVII. And, for more cffedually preventing Accidents by Fire Smnaking in the said Docks and Dock Premises, be it further enacted. That if Tobacco, fcc. any Perfon whosoever shall smoke Tobacco, or any other Herb or Herbs within any of the said Docks, Bafons or other Works or Warehouses, or on board any Ship or Veffel in such Docks or Bafons respectively, at any time or times whatsoever, the Perfon so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not ex- Penalty, ceeding Five Pounds.

* XXVIII. And Whereas by the said recited Ad of the Forty £3 ('*3* c’cxxv*>

*	third Year of His present Majesty, it is enacted, that if any Mafler * 7<3’

4 or other Perfon having the Charge or Command of any Ship,

*	Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Veffel, should permit or fttffer any 4 Tar, Pitch, Rofin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Turpentine, Oil,

*	Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood or other Com-

*	buftible Matter or Thing to be or remain upon the Deck of the

*	Ship, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Veffel under his Charge or

*	Command, in the said Docks or Bafons, or any of them above the

*	Space of Twelve Hours after such Ship, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or 4 other Veffel should have entered the said Docks or Bafons, or any i of them, then and in every such case every such Mafler and other

4 Perfon having the Charge or Command of such Ship, Ligliter, ,

4 Barge, Boat or other Veffel so offending, should forfeit and pay 4 for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds,

4 nor lef§ than Five Pounds: And Whereas it is expedient that

4 more effectual Provifion should be made for preventing the Mif-

'* chiefs thereby intended to be provided against ;* Be it therefore

enacted, That so much of the said lafl mentioned Ad as relates to in P** repaled.

the Removal of the said Combuflible Matters, and the Penalties for

Noncompliance with the Diredions of the said Ad in that behalf,

shall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed and declared to be

null and void to all Intents and Purpofes.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners CombuftiMe* to of or the Perfon or Perfons in or to whose Cuftody or Charge any removci Tar, Pitch, Rofin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease,

Shavings of Wood or any other Combuflible Matter whatsoever, shall be entrusted, shall permit or suffer the fame, or any of them, or any Part thereof respectively to be and remain on the Quays or Wharfs aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Veffel in the said Bafons or Docks, Cuts or other Works, or any of them, above the Space of One Hour after he or they shall have been required by the Dock Mafler or Dock Matters to take away or remove the fame therefrom, then and in every such case every such Perfon so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay, at the Discretion of the Juftice or penalty.

Justices who shall take Cognizance thereof, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than the Sum of Five Pounds, for every Hour such Tar, Pitch, Roffn, Hemp, Flax, Faggot*, Turze, JBrandy 4 C 3	'‘	or

v^,ooQle

C. ccxxviii.

1x26

54°QEa m.

A.D.1814.

Owner*, See. of Cui)buttitks,or

Matter, Ac. of Ship,Stc. to maintain Per-fons to guard Corabuftibles.

or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, 03, Hay, Straw, TaDow, Grease, Shavings of Wood or anv other Combuftible Matter, or any of them, or any Part thereof, /half be or remain in the Place or Situation aforesaid, after the Expiration of the (aid Hoar, fuchHonr to be computed from the time of such Requifition; and in every iodide the Owner or Owners of or other Perfon or Perfons in or to whole Cuftody or Charge any such Tar, Pitch, Rofin, Hemp, Flax, Fag* gots, Furze, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, 63, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood or other Combof-tible Matter, shall be or be intruded, if the fame respectively shall be or be lying on the Laid Quays or Wharfs, or any of them; or the Mader or other Perfon having the Charge or Command of the Ship, Ligliter, Barge, Boat or other Veflel in the Dock of which the fane relpedtively shall be or be lying, shall at their own Colts and Experces rclpe&ively maintain a sufficient Number of careful and sober Per-fons to be in that behalf appointed by the (aid Dock Mailer or Dock Maders to guard and watch over such several Article! or other Combudible Matters as aforesaid, from or after the malting of such Requifition, until the fame respectively lhafl be amovedj and in case any such Owner, Mader or other Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay on Demand such Cofts and Expences, then and in such case such Cods and Expences shall and may be raised, levied and recovered in like manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture may be raised, levied and recovered by virtue of the laid recited Ads and this Ad.

No comburtiiile XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Pitch, Tar, Rofin, Matter melted on Turpentine, Oil or other Combudible Matter shall at any time be-sec hi Dock'&c' a^ter ke boiled or heated by any Device or Means wbatfoever 00 board any Ship or other Veflel, Ligliter, Craft or Boat lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bafon or Bafons, or Cuts or other Work, or any of them, nor in any Place or Places within the said Dock, Premifes or Cuts, except in such Place or Places and in such manner as shall be specially appointed by the said Directors, or any Fite or - more of them, for that Purpose; nor shall any Gunpowder or loided Gun whatever be brought into the said Docks, Bafons or Cuts, or be Altered to remain on board any Ship or any other Veflel, upon ft* that every Mader, Commander or Owner of every Ship or Vefiel h o(Fending, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

* XXXI. And Whereas it is necessary to make further ProviBoa

*	for securing the Hatches of Ships or Veffeb arriving from the

*	Eajl Indiet;* Be it therefore further enacted, That upon the Arrival of every Ship in the Port of London, either laden or in Put bda With the Produce of any Place or Places within the Limitsof the

Jrnt ro Revenue jgnj} fnjja Company's Charter, the Officer of the Cudomi at ftnr* r*r« ** fend (if the Meafure has not been adopted at any Port at which the Ship might have previously touched, and which the Officers at (bch Ports are especially authorised and required to do) shall fee that the Hatches of every Part leading to where aiiy Part of the Cargo a flowed, be fecufed by diffident Bart, and proper Locks and ten, and the Seals of their Office, and that the Leys, with an Imprtfw of the Seal, be sent up to the principal Officer of the Revenue* the Safe India Dock, who /haU examine the fame previous to m Delivery1 of Cargo on her Arrival in the Etf frdk Dock, m ,

ok

Penalty,

Hutches of

Ships barred, &c. and Keys

Officers at Pocks.,





L i

■USi



jfos’* ■ ia

afcjjiJ

;rt,

, rjiiJs'

;?r [t





■ n£jJ .feS;

v,.Jss'

:r^

£>*



i*

. ^

$

•/>

yj

■%

A.Dii8i4.	54’	GEO.	IIJ.	<?,	ccixviii.	1127

who, on being satisfied of the Seals being unbroken, or that the Hatches have not been removed, may authorize the unlading the Ship or VefTel.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or VefTel en- Ship* in Private gaged in private Trade, under the Authority of.the said Ad of the *>ade not to un« Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, shall be unladen after en- havin^depofitH tering tfie said Docks, Bafons, or any of them, after a Voyage, until Maniiert. the Mafter or other Perfon having tne Command of fuchohip or VefTel shall have made out and exhibited a true and perfed'Manifelt of the Cargo of such Ship or VefTel, containing the Names of the Owners or Confignees thereof respectively, and shall have tranfrtiitted the fame to the principal Dock Mafter of the said East India Dock Company.

XXXIlt. And be it further enacted, That during the unloading Officers of Ship* of all Ships or Veffeta employed in Private Trade in the said Docks board during Two or more of the established Officers of every such Ship or VefTel	0

shall attend and be on board during the unloading thereof and ^eP.f3«y#d.° * * Account of the Cargo delivered in the Gangway Book, or other Book to be provided for that Purpose, and the Owners of such Ship or VefTel shall be responsible for the due Delivery of all Goods laden, or conilituting Part of her Manifest, and that in case any Injury shall have been occasioned to any Part of the Cargo from either Sea or Ship Damage, the Cargo or Part thereof so injured shall be fnrveyed before it be removed, in order to ascertain the Caufe and Extent of the Injury before the Goods be delivered or warehoused, and that the Award of the principal Officers of the Dock and of the Ship, and any One Perfon on the Part of the Confignees, or any Three of them, shall be decisive and final on all the said Parties.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Private Ship and Ships from Cape other VefTel arriving or coming from the Cape of Good Hope, or from °{ any Place or Places within the Limits of the East India Company's	or

Charter, where Private Ships are authorized to trade and to fail from mnwd Cargoes, with Cargoes confiding wholly or in part of the Produce of any ro land East India Place or Races within the Limits of the East India Company's Char- Produce hi ter into the Port of London (excepting such as are employed in the Dock*

Whale Fifhery), ihaH be deemed a Ship or VefTel arriving or coming from the East Indies or China with Cargoes of Produce therefrom, within the Purview and Intent of the said recited Ads and this Ad; and every such Ship or VefTel, and the Perfon or Perfons having the Charge or Command thereof, shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures as all Ships or Veffels arriving or coming from any Part of the Rad Indies or China into the River Thanes, with Cargoes of Produce from the E($ Indies or Chinat are by the said recited Ads and this Ad subject or liable to; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwkhfbmding: Provided Provifi* always nevertheless, that every such Ship or Veflel from the Cape of Good Hope^ having a mixed Cargo, confiding partly of the Product of the Cape <f Good Hope% and partly of the Produce of any Place or Places within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, shall be subject only to be charged and chargeable with the Rates and Duties payable to the feid Eq/t India Dock Company, according to the Tonnage of such la ft. mentioned Produce only, and not accord* ing to the Tonnage of such Ship or Veflel, and shall be constrained to unload and diutaege in the hud East India Docks such Part only

♦ c 4





1128

SKps from Cape o! Good Hope ' ir’» Wine to land fjme hi Luclon Docks.

New Rater.

43 O. 3. c cxxr. § 91-

Company authorized to take Rates specified in Schedule for Warehoufing* Ac. Goods imported* and Wharsage, Sec. of Good; exported.

C. ccxxviii.	540	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1814.

of her Cargo as shall consist of such last mentioned Produce as aforesaid.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Ship or Veffel arriving or coming from the Cape of Good Nope, or from any Place or Places within the Limits of the Eqfl India Company^ Charter, with partial Cargoes of Wine the Produce of the Cape of Good Hope, not being less than Twenty Pipes, or a Quantity equal to Twenty Pipes, Ihall after such Part of the Cargo thereof reflectively as shall be to be unladen in the Eqfl India Docks shall have been discharged, unload or discharge such Wines in the London Docks, and ihall be charged and chargeable with the Rates and Duties payable to the London Dock Company, in respect of the Tonnage of Ships or VeiTels only, according to the Tonnage of the Wines so to be unladen in the said London Docks.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That in Confideration of the additional Coils, Charges and Expences of making and maintaining the said Docks, Wharf, Quays and Warehoufes.. and of the requisite Eftabliflunent of Officers, Labourers and Workmen in and about the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Eqfl India Dock Company to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, to and for their own Ufe and Benefit, from the Mailer or other Perfon having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veffel, or by the Owner or Owners thereof, and of and from the Owner or Owners, Con fig nee or Confignee8 of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively, above and in addition to the Rates granted and specified in the said recited Adis, and each of them, the several Rates hereinafter mentioned and referred to 5 that is to fay :

For every Ship or Veffel which shall have been unloaded in the kid Do^ksr:and shall continue in the like Dock for more than Six Months frota th^ time of being unloacted, the Sum of One Halfpenny per Ton (by Meafurement) per Week, for every Week which such Ship or Veffel,ihall remain in the said Docks beyond the said Six Months after being ualoa^efl:

For every Ship or Veffel engaged in Private Trade, loading outwards in the said Docks, not having been before to the Eqfl Indies, or not having upon her la(l or only Arrival therefrom unloaded inwards in the fiyjd Docks, such Rates as the said Dire&ors of the Eqfl India Dock Company, or any Five of them, shall thiok reafona-able, not exceeding Four Shillings per Ton, to be paid before such Ship or Veffel shall depart from the laid Docks:

And for Landing, Wharsage, Warehousing, Care and Cuftody of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and other incidental Charges for and upon all Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported in Private Trade, which, from and after the pafftng of this A&, shall be landed and deposited in the said Eqfl India Docks, and for the Wharsage, Warehousing, Care, Cuftody, and other incidental Expences of Goods, Wares and Merchandize to be exported after the passing of this Adi, from the (aid Eqfl India Docks, such Rafts and Charges as to the Directors of the said Eqfl India Dock Company, or any Five or more of them, shall, from time to time, appear reasonable and proper, not exceeding the several Rates and Charges in the Schedules annexed to this Adt specified and fet forth; ana the (aid Schedules, and all Rules, Regulations, Directions, Provisions, Matters and Things therein contained, shall be deemed and taken to be and coo*

ft rued

A.D.1814.

C. ccxxviii.

xi 29

:: ;->35' ■1 1;‘i

. r. ij-

. r.;

... *3>-

v;;2>

... J*

.

K**

. ■>:$

'"h&

i^y

>■**

>*

;r;

.w*

. ^

„>-5

;y

..-j'

V

*>

54- geo. m.

ftrued as Part of this Aft, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were severally and respectively enacted and contained in the Body of this Aft.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Company aurho-

the said Direftors of the said East India Dock Company or any Five mfd rel"ce r . r	y	,	1	r	7	\	r	and revive Rate*,

or more ot them, trom time to time, to reduce, alter, vary or difcon-

tinue any of such last mentioned Rates or Charges, and also at any time thereafter, from time to time, again to revive, raise or advance all or any of such Rates or Charges, in such manner, either in the Whole or in Part, and in such Proportion, and as to such Articles of Charge, as t© them shall seem expedient and proper, so as that the said Rates and Charges, when so advaneed, shall in no case exceed the several Rates and Charges specified and fet forth in the said Schedules to this Aft annexed : Provided always, that when any of such Rates or Charges shall be so reduced, altered, varied or discontinued, revived, raised or advanced as aforesaid, Table and a Notice thereof shall be put up at some conspicuous Place at and in the said Docks, so as that the fame may at all times when the said Docks arc open be inspected by all Perfons interested therein ; any thing in any Aft or Afts relating to the said East India Dock Company to the contrary notwith-Handing.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Return when Vefiel engaged in Private Trade, having unloaded her Cargo in the Ship*are n<* said Docks, shall remove from the said Docks before loading any ^!!lJ0*ded,n Cargo Outwards, and shall not load any Cargo Outwards m the

said Docks, there shall be allowed and returned in respect thereof, whether the fame shall be again bound to India or not, the Sura of Two Shillings per Ton, and no more, out of every Twelve Shillings, or Fourteen Shillings respectively, made payable by the said recited Afts, and shall be repaid within One Month after such Ship or Vcffid shall be removed from the Docks.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That all Rates and 8ons of Rjteshowre-Moncy hereby granted and allowed to be taken by or for the Ufe of covered and ap-the said East India Dock Company, shall be payable, received and rl,ed' recovered in the manner specified in the said recited Aft of the Fortr

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and that all fuen Rates and Sums of Money as shall be coilefted or received by the (aid East India Dock Company, by virtue of this Aft, shall be applied and dilpofed of in manner directed by the said recited Afts and this Aft, for carrying the several Purpofes of the said recited Afts and this Aft into Execution.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the NottoafTe# Owners and Commanders of all Private Ships and Veffels, loading Liability of or unloading in the said East India Docks, shall be answerable and Owners of Pri-liable to the Owners and Proprietors of the Goods, Wares and vateSb,F* Merchandize to be exported or imported therein, for the due Stowage and Delivery of their Cargoes, according to the true Intent and Meaning of any Contracts, Charter Parties or Agreements, at any time mime or entered into, or to be made or entered into, by and between the said Owners and Commanders respectively, and the Owners or Proprietors, in like manner as if tne said Ships and VefTels had continued to be loaded and unloaded in manner heretofore accuftotned, and as if this Aft had not been made.

XLI. And

Digitized ky CjOO^Ic

1130

Lords of Trea-1'ury mav make Orders for faci-litoti* c Bufincls at Docks.

CoAs of A

Ind&mcnci preferred bf Company against Per tons dealing, Ac. Goods, &c.

C. ccxxviiL	54p	GEO-IIL	AJX	i8iv

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord! CommSosm of His Majeliy’s Trcafury for the time being, or any Thtee or more of them, shall, and they are hereby anthonaed and empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to make and issue such Orim, Directions and Regulations as they fhaM from time to tune deem necessary or expedient, in refpe£l to the Admiflion ef Barges, Lighten md Craft into the said Docks, also in respect of the paeking, fecuriug, iearching, examining, removing and warehou&ng all or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Produce of aoy Place or Placet within the Limits of the East India Company’s Charter, and for facUitatjig the Bu fine is to be trail ladled at thy (aid East India Docks in the landing or loading any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, to be removed from or conveyed to any Ship or Veflel, Barge, Lighter or Craft, at or in the said Docks, or m the Tranftt of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize to or from any Warehouse or other Place; and all and every such Orders, Dirc&ions and Regulations shall be observed and performed by ftfech United Company and lt$ hit Dock Company respectively, and all other Perfons whosdbever; and all Rates or Sums of Money thereby directed to be paid to the said East India Dock Company for any thing to he done by them in pursuance of such Orders, Dire&ions or Regulation*, Hull and may be taken, recovered and applied in the dune manner a the Rates made payable to them by virtue of this A&; any thing ia the said recited Ads of the Forty third and Forty fifth Yean of His prefeut Majesty, or this A€t contained to the coatnry in my wife notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the laid DbeAm U pay and discharge all the Colts and Charges of obtaining aad ptfitt this Ad out of any of the Monies already subscribed, borrows or received, or to be fubfcrifeed, borrowed or received, by wtmor in pursuance of the said recited Ads or this Ad, or say of them-

XLIIL And be k further enacted, That, from and tier the palling of this Ad, it (haU be lawful for the said Ea/l /a&Dock Company, and they are hereby empowered to prefer any IodtAaert or Indidinesto against any Perfon or Perfons frloaioufiy taking, (healing or embezzling any Goods, Chattels or Property of or few longing to the. foidr Company, or any Goods, Chattels or Property in their Cuftody or Pofie&on, or in the Cuftody or PofleSoa ol up Officer or Servant of the hid Company, or Officer of Cufloqu * Excife for and oa Behalf of the find Company, or of any other Perfat Having deposited such Goods, Chattels or Property in the Cue m Cuftody of the find Company, or their Officers or Scnasa, or in or an any of the Wharfs, Warehoufea or Pretaifrs belonging to the said Company, for the safe Cuftody of which Gootb, Warn aad Merchandize, the said EaM India Dock Company ate by Liw accountable ; and in all such Indidmente such Goods, Gbatteli sal Property may be laid aad dated to be the Goods, Chattels and Pi* perty of the fold Eafi India Dock Company, and that the tune wot fekmioufly ftokn or embezaled from the fold EaM India Dock Com pony, and it shall be fuffident on any such Indiftmcat to prose that such Goods, Chattels and Property were, at the time pf the fekmioufly taking or dealing, or embezaung thereof, in or oa any sf the Wharfs, Warehouses or Fremi&s belonging to the laid Coapiaf, or iirthe Caftody or Poffeffion of any Officer or Servant of tbejhd

16	Compaiy,

i AJX 1814.

C.ccxxriiu

JC !^>3J c iSiJI gM

A.a£*

a':**

Rei^i

taaai

:>>*<■*

STficii

/.'.I* I

1

v^j?-

2

it ^;l r3l!

ira^

S3*

tiif*

tit'd

■J& S1 Jt

u

^j>]*

-fi*

’ ,«J

:St^,

/*

*‘S

54® GEO. III.

H$«

Company, or Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, for or on behalf of the said Company, or of any Perfoo or Perfon9, or Body Corporate or Politic, having deposited the fame with the said Company without any other Proof ot Property.

XLIV. And be it further enabled. That this A& shall be deemed	A&.

and taken to be a Public A£t, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Indices and others, without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULES to which this A & refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

OF Rates to be charged at the Ead India Docks on Goods imported by private Merchants from the Ead Indies, and which are not upon being landed font to the Ead India Company's Ware* houses.

The following are the Rates of Tonnage, according to the Ufage of the Ead India Company, of the principal Articles (Piece Goods excepted) imported in the Company's Ships, and which, by the A&s of 43 and 46 George III., were tbofe upon which the Duties and Rates to the Ead India Dock Company were appointed to be paid.

Aloes	- Cwt. 16		Cafiia Lignea - Cwt. 8	
Ammoniac urn		- 16	Cafiia Filtula	10
Aflafcetida -		- 20	Cocque dc Pearl	20
Alum		- 20	Cambogium or Gamboge -	20
Arangoes -		• 20	Cinabar -	16
Ambergris	.	- 20	Cake Lac	16
Arfenic		- 20	Cochineal	20
Arrow Root		- 16	Chcrong -	20
Auuotto		- 20	Chaffum	10
Annifeed		* 16	Cloves ...	12
Barilla		- 20	Columbo Root	16
Borax	*	- 20	Cummin Seed	8
Borax unrefined.	or Tincal	- 16	Cinnamon •	6
Buffalo Homs	.	- 16	Coral (Rough)	20
B’dellium	.	- 16	Clove Bark	8
Bamboo Reeds	3,000,	equal	Ceylon Stones	20
to	.	- 16	Canes 3,000, equal to	16
Books	_	- 20	China Root	11
Bark	.	- 8	Colocynth - .	8
Beetle Nut		- 20	Cocoa ...	12
Cardemoms	*	> 12	Cubebs	16
Carmenia Wool	•	* 10	Dragons’ Blood	20
Camphor	.	* >5	Dates ...	20
Caffia Buds	-	- 12	Elephants' Teeth	16
Cowries		- 20	Ebony	20
Coffet		- 18	Foffil Alkali	20
CoculuS Indicus	„	- 16	Galbanum	16
Cideric Stuff	-	- 16	Green Ginger	20
Cutch or Tan Japonic		- *7	Gaffing* .	12
			Galls	

v^ooQle .

C. CCIXTlil,

GEO. in,

A.D.1814.



54°

Galls -	-	Cwt.	20

Gum Arabic ^

—— Animi |

•----Trajacant |

—	■ Copal J	16

-----Maftic

—— Lack

—	■ ■ Elemie 	Myrrh

	Benjamin	-	20
	Olibanum	•	18
Ginger	-	16
Gram	.	20
Hartall ’ •	,	20
King’sYellow and Orpiment		20
Long Pepper	-	12
Lac Lake	.	16
Mace - -	.	8
Mother o’Pearl	.	20
Mirabolans	-	20
Nutmegs	-	l5
Nux Vomica	-	15
Opium -	-	M
Pepper	-	16
Paddy	-	20
Pimento	-	16
Puree	.	8
Rattans, 6,000, equal to	-	16
Rhubarb	.	8
Rice -	.	20
Raw Silk in Chefts -	.	8
—	in Bales	.	IC
Red Wood	-	20
Red Earth	.	20
Shellapk and Sticklack	.	16
Seedlack	.	18
Succades	.	20
Sugar	-	20
—— Candy	-	20
Squiiianthum	-	16
Sago	-	16

Senna	Cwt. 8	
Sagepanum Sal Ammoniac		- 1$ - 16
Sealing Wax		• 20
Safflower		- H
Saffron		• 14
Saltpetre		- 20
Sea Shells (Rough )		• 20
Soap		- 20
Sandal and Sapan Wood		• 20
Tamarinds		- 20
Tobacco	-	- 20
T urmeric		- l6
Talc - -		- 20
Tortoife Shell		- 20
Tutenage • -		• 20
Unrated Drugs	-	- 16
Wood		• 20
Whangees 6,ooof equal to		- 16
Zedoria		• 23
Arrack, Soy, 1 Wines, &c. 3	Gallons 25 2	
Cornelians Caftor Oil, in Cafes China Ware -Cotton Wool		
Hemp  Hides, in Bales Indigo -	Cub.  Feet.	} 50
Indian Ink Lackered Ware Madder Root and		j
		
Munjeet  Muik  Paut or Sunn		
Bale Goods of Calicoes, Muilms,		
Nankeen Cloth,	&c.	Cub.

Feet 40*

• The Tonnage of these Articles is estimated by the East India Company at a cer. tain Number of Pieces; but the Packages being unopened by the Dock Company, the measured Ton at the London Docks is adopted instead of the Number of Pieces.

RATES payable on all Imports by private Ships (the Goods not being lent to the East India Company’s Warehoufes) will he charged according to the preceding Scale of Tonnage.

/• d*

For Houiing -	.	- 1	8	per	Ton

—	Weighing -	-	-18.	•

—	Unhoufing and Loading in Carts, See. 2 o

—	Transferring -	-	-03

—	Rent of Goods (excepting Wood)

whilft on the Wharf	-	-03	per	Too	per	Week.

—	Rent of Wood whilst en the Wharf o 2

And

C. ccxxviii.

A.D.1814.

540 GEO. III.

And on Goods warehoused at the Docks, the Rent will be charged as expressed by the following Tables :

TABLE I.—Goods at is. per Ton per Week.

Ambergris.

Bark. '

Cardemoms.

Camphor.

Caffia Lignea and Buds.

Cornelians. Cambay and Ceylon Stones Coffee and Cocoa.

Cocque de Pearl.

Cochineal.

Cloves.

Columbo Root.

Cinnamon.

Coral.

Cake Lac, or Lac Dye, ift Sort Caftor Oil.

China Ware.

Cambogium or Gamboge.

TABLE II.— Goods at gd. per Ton per Week

Dragons’ Blood. Elephants’ Teeth.

Indian Ink.

Indigo.

Lackered Ware.

Mace.

Mother o’Pearl.

Muflins and fine Calicoes. Munjeet.

Mufk.

Nutmegs.

Puree.

Raw Silk.

Sal Ammoniac.

Shellack.

Seedlack.

Sealing Wax.

Tortoife Shell.

Aloes.	Gums, rated at 16 Cwt. as per
Ammoniacum.	Lift.
Affafcetida.	Galls.
Arfenic.	Hart all.
Arrangoes.	Hides, Ox, or of large Size, 80
Arrow RoOt.	to be considered a Ton.
Annotto.	King’s Yellow and Orpiment.
Annifeed.	Lac Lake.
Borax.	Madder Root.
Books.	Nux Vomica.
Beetle Nut.	Opium.
Bees’ Wax.	Pimento.
Bamboo Reeds.	Rattans.
Carmen ia Wool.	Rhubarbs
Cinabar.	Skins, Deer, Sheep, Seal, &c.
Canes.	400 to be considered a Ton.
Coculus Indicus.	Sugar Candy. #
Cutch or Terra Japonica.	Senna.
Cummin Seed.	Sago.
Clove Bark.	Safflower and Saffron.
China Root.	Tamarinds.
Coarfe Calicoes.	Turmeric.
Galanga Root or Gallingal.	Talc. -
Galbanum.	Unrated Drugs.
Ginger.	Whangees.
TABLE III.—Goods at 6d. per Ton per Week.	
Alum.	Mirabolans.

Borax unrefined, or Tincal. Buffalo Horns.

Cotton Wool.

Cowries.

Hemp or Sunn.

Long Pepper.

Pepper.

Red Earth. Sugar. Saltpetre. Soap.



TABLE



* *33

C. CCXXviii.

54° GEO* HI.

AJX1814.

1*34

TABLE IV— Goodsat +3. per Ton per Week.

Gram.	I Rice.

Kelp, Barilla or Alkali.	I Sea Shells (Rough).

Paddy.	|	Tutenague and Block Tin.

TABLE V. Goods at 2d. per Ton per Week.

Wood of all Sorts.

N. B. Articles not enumerated in the foregoing Schedule wiM be charged according to their Bulk or Weight and Value.

Articles (hot loose in the Ship will be fubjeffc to m Rateuf One Shilling per Ton for collecting and packing independent of the ^	Charge	for Packages, Cooperage or sewing up.

The East India Dock Company not to be liable for Loft of Weight, Damage or Deficiency, should the Packages be delivered in the lame Order and Condition as received, unless it can be fetisfa£to» rily ascertained to have arisen from Negleft or Mifmanagementin their Officers or Servants.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Op Rates for Goods exported from the East India Dock Wharfs, independent of the Charge for Jading themon board Sbip, the fame being already provided for by the Ads 43 and 46 Geo. III. c. 126. and 113., when Goods mad Stores are brought alongside the respective Veffeb.

N. B.—The weighable Goods ace to be calrulated «t -soCwt to the Too, and the mrefimhle thrii at

40 Square Feet to die Ton.

			h		4			1  ■I	
			C O  33  |S	«s>  §	u  :*  &				m  *
\				X	c  u				£
					0s				
*				t. d.	i. 1	d.	/.	"d.	/. i.
Anchors and Grapnels	Loofe -	•	w.		0	3	1	%	1 8
Axletrees or other large 7 Ironmongery •)	Ditto -	•	w.	—	0	3	1	8	1 8
BaSgag*	TnmksorBundks		M.	2 6	I	0	2	6	s .
Beef and Pork • - <	8 Barrels or 6] Tierces houfcdj	\	W.	i 8	0	6	1	8	1 8
I	On the Wharf *		w.		0	3	1	-*	1 8
Beer. See Liquids. Bread -	Bags or Calks		w.	1 8	1	0	X	*	t 8
Bellows for Forges	Loofe -	m	M.	1 8	I	0	1	8	1 8
Blocks -	Ditto		M.	1 8	0	6	1	8	1 8
Bird Shot	Kegs -Cales	•	W.	1 8	0	6	t	8	t 8
Boots and Shoes -		•	M.	I 8	I	0	1	8	1 8
Bottles	Calks or Cafes	•	M.	1 8	2	0	1	8	1 8
Braziery -	Cafes -	•	M.	1 8	O	6	x	8	L 8
Bulgar Hides	Bales -	•	M.	1 8	I	0	1	8	1 8
Buntin -[Cabinet Ware	Cafes	•	M.	1 8	O	.6	1	8	1 8
	Ditto -	•	M.	1 8	O	6:	li	8	"i 8

A.D. I &14.

54- GEO. HI.

C. ccxxviii.



			s i  3 *2		5°		A  V	&	1 '
			l|  $*		3  0  E	1	&	*	
				/.	. d.	x.	d.	x. d.	X. d.
Cables -	Loofe -	.	w.	1	8	1	0	1 8	I 8
Canvas and other Sail Cloth	Bales	.	M.	1	8	1	0	1 8	1 8
Carpets ...	Ditto .	.	M.	1	- 8	1	0	r 8	1 8
Cartridge Paper - -	Cafes	-	M.	1	8	0	6	1 8	1 8
Carriages, Coaches, Cha-? riots, Phaetons, &c. - j	Cafes or loofe	-	M.	1	8	0	6	1 8	x 8
Carriage Fuvnkure	Cafes	.	M.	1	8	0	6	1 8	1 8
Chalk -	Loofe .	_	W.			O	3	1 8	1 8
Coals ...	Ditto		W.			0	3	1 8	1 -8
Coal Tar	Calks .	__	W.	~		0	3	1 8	1 81
Clocks ...	Cafes .		M.		8	1	0	1 8	1 8
Cochineal	Calks .		W.		8	1	0	1 8	1 8 1
Confe&ionerr	Cafes .		M.		8	0	6	1 8	1 8
Copper in Plates -	Loofe .	.	W.		8	0	6	1 8	1 8
— ■ Sheathing	Cafes .  Loofe . Cafes	-	W.  W.  w.		8  8  8	0	6  6  6	1 8 1 8 1 8	x 8 1 8 1 8
■ > Bottoms -		-				0  0			
	Loofe .								
and Pots - J		-	w.	—		0	3	1 8	1 8
Coral . - -	Cafes		M.		8	I	0	x 8	1 8
Cordage -	Coils	.	w.		8	1	0	1 8	1 8
Corks -	Bags -	.	M.		8	0	6	1 8	1 8
Corn .and Grain -	Ditto	.	M.		8	I	•0	4 8	1 8
Cutlery and Hardware	Cafes or Calks	.	M.		8	0	6	1 8	1 8
Cloth and Cuttings Cyder and Perry. See	Bales	-	M.		8	I	.0	1 .8	t 8
Liquids.								1 8	
Dru« -Earthenware	Cafes or Calks	.	M.		8	0	6		x 8
	Crates or Calks	.	M.		8	0	-6	1 8	1 8
Feathers	Cafes		M.		8	0	6	1 8	1 8
Fare Engines	Ditto .		M.		8	I	,0	1 8	1 8
Furniture	Packages	.	M.		8	0	6	1 e	1 8
Flour -	Calks	.	W.		8	0	6	1 8	X 8
Floor Cloth --	Packages	.	M.		8	0	6	1 8	1 8
Fsrs . ~ .	Cafes -	,	M.		8	0	6	.x 8	x 8
Ginfeng * Giafs Ware	Cafes or Calks	.	W.		8	2	0	1 8	1 8
	Cafes -	.	M.		8	O	6	x 8	1 8.:
i		 Window	Ditto -	.	W.		8	O	16	1 8	x .8
;	Common Looking)  Claires . ' -J	Ditto -	-	M.		8	0	6	1 8	18
—-dreads	Cafes or Calks	.	W.		.8	0	6	1 8	1 8
Orindftones - -	Loofe -		W.			0	3	x 8	l 8
Grocery ... Haberilhery and MiHinery	Packages Cafes -	-	w.  M.		8  8	0  1	6  0	x 8 1 8	1 8 .1 B
Hats .	Cafes or Calks		M.		8	0	6	1 8	1 3
Hides ...	Cafes -	.	M.		8	0	6	1 8	I 8
!  «  t	Ditto	-	M.		8	X	0	1 8	l 8

• 



C.ccxxviii.

. 54— GEO* IIL

113*?

A*D.i8t4*

Iron, Bar

_____Hoops and Rods

Tire Chains Cart Pans Pots Stoves Nails, &c.

Lead, Pig and Sheet Red and White Leather -Leather Breeches Linens and Cottons Lines and Twine

Liquids

Mails, Spars and Oars Mathematical Inftruments Medicines

Mufical Inftruments

Oil

Opfidew

Optical Inftruments punters’ Colours Paper Perfumery

Jflate and plated Ware “ [its and Pictures iflian Blue ■intine Types -p jmp Leather Jadlery, Harnefs, Whips, 1 & c.	-	-	*3

Scales and Weights

-___with Triangle

Sheaves and Pins -Smalts

Sauces,Pickles,and other!

Oilman’s Store* -j Ship Chandlery -Soap Starch

Staves loose, or in Packs, 1 for Barrels, per 1,000 j

-----for Hhds. - •

-----for Pipes

Loofe -Loofe -Loofe -Loofe -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Calks Loofe -Calks Bales Cafes Ditto

Calks or Cafes -Calks, Cheftsor 7 Cafes •	-	I

According to Size Cafes -Ditto Ditto -Cafes or Jars C^fes Ditto

Kegs or Cafes -

Cafes

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto -

Cafes or Calks -

Ditto

Packages

Cafes

Ditto Loofe -Package Calks

Cafes

Loose, or in Cafes Calks or Cafes -Ditto

i A.D.r8m.

J #<M). HL	<C. ttitTB-eent'k.



a-f  P	M  |	i  %  *  c  U	1!  $	\5  M  C  <L>  1
	s, d.	s, d.	s, d.	r. d.
M.	1.8,	I 0	i 8	1 8
W.	1 8	6 6	1 8	1 8
w.	1 8	6 <5	i 8	1 Q
M.	1 8	1 0	1 8	I 0
M.	1 8	0 6	1 8	i 8
—	—	0 3	1 8	1 8
M.	1 8	0 6	x 8	1 8
W<	—	6 3	1 8	.1 *
w.	1 8	0 6	1 8	x 8
M.	i 8	0 6	VI 8	x 8
M.	1 8	b 6	1 8	1 8
M.	1 8	0 6	1 8	1 8
M.	1. .8		i_8	sikst

• in

:! ’*

: j-

Stationery, Books, Cards, 7 & c.	- -	-j

Steel. It> Faggots

Files, Saws, &c.

Sword Blades Still Heads and Worms Tar, Pitch and Turpentine Tobacco and Snuff ThK Block

-	Plates

-	Wane Tombftontestfod Monuments Turnery and Toys Wines and Spirits. ( See \

Liauids.)	J

Woollens

Cafes or Calks

Package

Calks or Cafes -Cafes «. Packages per Ton of 8 Calks Cafes or Calks -Loofe ^

Cafes

Cafes or Cades -Cafes

Cafes or Calks -

Bales

k. B.' All other Goods, not enumerated in the foregoing Schedule, to be charged according to their Bulk or Weight.

Perfons not wiftung to have their Goods housed,are to gife Notice bf the fame to the bock Officers.

The foregoing Rates apply only to Goods brought to the Wharf by Land ; it often happens that Goods conveyed by Water are landed by Defire of the Proprietors, and also for the Examination of the Officers of His Majefty’s Revenue, such will be subject to a Charge for landing equal to that of Wharfage.

For Goods or Stores landed in the Import Dock, and transported into the Outer Dock for the Purpofe of putting into a Hoy or Ligliter, the Wharfage and Porterage only of these Rates will become an additional Charge thereon.

Accidents from Fire the Dock Company do not guarantee, nor are they answerable for Goods in defective Packages.

.3:



Cap. ccxxix.

An A& for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and regulating the Streets and other Public Places on the Eftate of Lord Calthorpe, near Gray's Inn Lane Road, in the Parilh of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex,	[28th July 1814.]

c. exxx. ante,']

Cap, ccxxx.

An A6l for rebuilding or repairing the Bridge aerolis the River 3°G $• (M Foyle or Lough FoyU at Londonderry ; for enabling the Corpora- C*3K*

54 Gift. UL	4	D	tioa





Uj8 C. ccxxx—ccxxxiii.	54* GEO. III. AJX1814.

i

40 0 3. (I)	tion,af that Oty to. aaife Monty • for that Purpose; to authorize

*• 4s”	the Advance of a certain Sum of Money out*>f the Confolidatcd

Fund of Ireland; and for regulating the Fairs and Markets, and improving the Raw Courfe there.	[28 th July	1814.]

* [Former Tolls to eease, ne*ut Tolls granted.]

# [60,000/.]

Cap. ccxxxi.

47 G.% (t) An Aft for amending and continuing several Aft* made for the Im-c. 3.	provement of the Lagan Navigation, and for further extending the

(lt) c. s6.	[For	ai	Tears	from	25th	Dec.	1814*]	«T	•

i\sc 14O.3. (i,)c.is. 19 a so G.3. (L) c. 31,

Cap. ccxxxii.

50	(k 3- c.cui. An Ad to alter and amend so much of an Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majefty* for repairing the Roads in the County 4 of Forfar, as relates to the Road from Dundee to Gmbar, Mi 1	its	Branch	to Meigle.	[30A	Jmfjr iStj.]

r..	[For	remainder	of	Term under former A8.]

Cap. ccxxxiiL	i

tt Q.s. c.19* Afc Aft for extendingthe Powers of the several ASs for tpainta&nihg 96 G.a. e.55* the Turnpike Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to i9G.SbC.4s-	Stanford Hill, in the’ County of Middlesex, to a new Branch of

a* G. 3^.1 *5-	Road leading from Kingfiand Green into the above mentioned

4»a*;cfn. Turnpike Road at Hackney.	[39th	July 1814.]

' ’ [Doubk Tolls on Sunday. During reminder of Term grautef Jp

former AS*.]	^

t

tJ	•	I N D E X -

S” i ’	T0TH* v *

TJ»UBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 54* GEO. lit I	---——

ri:i:a:

if

***4

■rr

, -A

<t£Y'

* Signifies that the A3 relates exclusively to Ireland.

Cap.

Accountant General of

Court of Chancery ( Property to vest in Succeffor) -	-	14

Accountants. See Public Accountants. Africa (exporting Tea without ..paying Duty) ■ - s - 14a AWe,	-	-	-	155

Allies (pecuniary Succours) - 13 America ( Tradc of U. K. protected " during H oddities)	- -	58

■ — Britiffi Colonies in (exporting Tea without paying Duty) 14a A mmunitjpR (Importation, Ac.) * ill Annuities (amending Irifh Adis) *140

r-------- (Judge*). -	94.	*95

——:—— See Loans.

Apprenticas . v -	-	96

Indentures (Parilh) 107 Appropriation Ad -	-	167

--------------of	£200000.	for

Ireland -	-	-*188

Arms (Importation, Ac.)	- *1 1 x

Army (Paying)	-	-25

— (Prize Money) «*	-	86

Atiatic Seamen (Maintenance) - 134 A (faults	-	-	-	Mil

Afleffed Taxes ( Regulation )	* 120

Attornics, Clerks to (Indentures) 5 ---------, See. (Stamp .Office Certificates)	-	-	-	144

Au&ions (Excife Duties, &o)	*82

Auditor General of Accounts in Spain, &c. (examining Accounts of Public Expenditure in France) 98 Authors (Copyright of Books) - 156 Bank Rettri&ion -	99.	*130

Bank of England a Dd Ireland (Tokens) 4 Beueiicesf Refidence) -	*175

Beresford, Lord (Annuity) - 162 Bleaching Powder (Countervailing Duty of Excife)	-	-	183

Bottles, common Glafs (Excife Duty)	.	-	97

Bounties -	•	*Rf.	*129

— ■	■ BritUh-made Cordage ( Exportation from G. B.)	-	<185

Sec.

Bounties, Corn, without)

Sugar (exported)

Csp.

(exported

-	-	«s>

- *7-T

Brandy (Cuftoms Duty, imported for Exportation, taken oat of Wtrehoufe for Home Confamp-tion)	-

Bridges, Scc. (maintained By Hun* dredt)

------- and Roads

Burning Land (prevented) Burying in Woollen (repeal)

Butts (Models and Calls of)

Cape of Good Hope (examining Accounts of Receipt, Set. of Colonial Revenues) -	-

(Trade to)

-	*9

1*

-	9°

-	104

108

-

19* i 9t

17*

Calls of Bulls (Models and)

Cavalry (Volunteer) * -Ceylon (ex ami nine Accounts of Receipt, See. of Colonial Revenues) 184 * Chellea Hofpital (Army Prize Money)	-	*84

Child Stealing -	-	101

Church (Re&ors, See. granting Glebe for Scite of)	-	- *117

-------Rates ( Recovery of )	*68

Circuit Courts (viva voce Verdi&s,

Ac.) -	-	-	67

Clergy (Penalties) -	6.	44.	54-

- ■ (Refidence)	-	- 173

Clerks (Parilh)	-	-*117

Cochineal (free Importation of ) - 51 Coffee (feparating damaged)	-	47

—Ac. from Martinique, Ac. 57. *100 Coin (Current Gold) -	-51

Colonial Auditors	-	- 184

Colonies (Patent Offices)	-	61	*

■ ——■ (United Provinces trading with)	-	-	-	72

Combermere, Lord (Annuity)	163

Combinations (unlawful) -	-	*180

Common Pleas (Judges, Annuities) *95 Conspiracies -	-	*i8c

Constables, additional (executing Laws) -	-	-	*iji

4 D 1	Con-



INDEX TO THE PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 5+® GEO. III.

Cap.

lh

5*

lt

60

Conventions Convoy-

Copyright of BpoM - -Cordage (Embezzlement of)

-------Britifh-made	(Bounty on

exporting from G*B.)	-	-185

Corn (Exportation of) -	-69

—	or Grain (Licences for Diftil-

lation) -	•	9

Corruption of Vooi -	-	145;

Cpipity Bridges . -	-	90

Court of Chancery. Sag Accountant GenftruV.

----- 11 Cf,Pi (Judges, Annuities) *95

.ijiu E&qhoqueL (Judges, Annuities . -	-	.	-	94,	*95

Court of Jpftif isry. ( Judges, Annuities) -	-	-	94

-Tf-—=——— (vwa voce Ver-d*$•)-	• -	67

—rrm— KingVB*n<ft*L( Judges, An-

■	. Seflion, j nuitiesV94>*95 Courts Ecclefiaftjcal (regulated) - *68

' Creditors,.Scotch (Payment of) • 137 Crown.(Land Revenue of the)

Caft*>ms (Brandy)

■	P.7 ■ (Cape Wines) -

■	■un" -(Colleding Duties)

------- Corn, Ac. (Duty)

1—^(Dutiesof) -	i*8i.*i29

——■ u[. (Duty-free Goods Ex* ^ported)	-	-	122

■■ iui *- fEaft India Goods)	-	36

■■■■■ ■	(Glsfr, Drawbacks, Ac.) *87

—1—f—Madder	- - -	26,27

»- n,, -- ( Salt exported* Value) - 50

-	— ■». (Teaexported to,Colonies

without paying Duty)	-	•	142

■	■r r- (Temporary or War Du-

ties) ...	-	.64

(Cape Wine)	-	-	77

70

29

77

*81

69

Cufyoms Duties ( Regulation )	-*120

Deeds, &c. (Att^eftauon of) - 168 Defertion .	#	-	.	-	ay

Diftillation of Spirits (Collecting - Duties) -	-	-	#88

,,	—	-■	,	(Illicit)	-	*32

■»	 --	-	(Unlawful)*iyo

, , ■ - |JW - . ■ — from Corn or Grain ( fixing Commencement,

Ap. of Licences for) -	-	9

Diftillere Wafh, Ac. (Duties on)- 172 jDiWbacks (Cuftoms)	- *81. *129

^r (Bibles, Ac. to King’s Printers) ■	.	206

Cap.

Drawbacks (Glafs)	-	*	*87

■ —(Paper allowed to Scotch Universities). -	  -	133

—	----(French Wine) - 40

------------(Sugar)	-	*7.57

Dublin, King’s Inns, (veiled in Hi*

hfajeffy for Public Records) "*113

-------(Poll Office) -	-	*63

Dutch Colonies	-	-	72

Duty-free Goods ( Exportation of) 122 E. I. Co- ( Cu&OmftDutie*r&€. )y6-* 103. —*»■■■■ (Exportation, Scc.) - 33.134

---Silk Handkerchiefs, Bx-~

cife)	-	-	—14S1

1 - (Trade regulated) -	34

East. Indies (Foreign-made-Bads-fionv) -	-	-	-	66

—	(	Duriesond	Ihxes	im-

ppfed by Governments in) - 103

Ecdefiaftical Courts -	-	*60-

Employment* ^ Indemnity)	-	5

Europe, Continent-of (exporting Tea wjthout paying Duty) ‘	*	142

Exchequer Bills. See Loans.

—— Judgesof (Annuities) 94, *95 Excife (Audion Duties)	•	*81

■ ^ ■■■■ (Bleaching Powdsr) - 183 —7^— (Coffee, without Permit)» 47 —. (Drawback on French Wine)	.	.	.40

-------{Glafs) .	.	.*87

—	*»	(Glafs Bottles)	•	97

--^—(King's Printers, Dim'

backs on BiMet, dec.) *	•	106

*—r—1— ( Paper, Scotch Univerfities) 153 ’— (Scotch Salt brought to England, Duty )	-	.21

-------(Silk Handkerchiefs, fcU

by E» I. Co.) -	•	248

—	t--— (Spirits, ooQe&ing Ditties) *88

--------------(	unlawful	D&dle-	*

tion) -	.	-*150

—p- (Tea exported to B. Coh» nies in America, Ac. without payingDuty) .	.	*142

-"> (Wine, French, Repeal of additional Duties) -	- lil

Excife Duties (additional)	- 72*

—— ■ ■■■ — Conuniffionert of (remitting Duties on Liquors loft by Having, Ac.) •	•	til

Ex^poutb, Lord, (Annuity \	- 164

Exportation (Cordage, Britifh-made* Bounty on Exportatioo from G. B®)	•	-	•	283

Export-

INDEX TO THE PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 54* GEO. IIL

Importation (Snuff into Plymouth) 124

■	- :	(Sugar» dec., from Martinique, &c.)	-	-	$7,	*100

——---------(Temporary or War Duties of Cuftoms) --------------64

■	■	■ (Tobacco into Plymouth) 124

-■ » Value of Goods) - 122

.....—— (Wine, Cape, Cuftoms) 77

■ ■■	- French (Repeal of

fcdditional Duties of Excife) 121 Indemnity (Offices, dec.) -	-5

Indigo (free Importation of)	-	51

Infirmaries. See Hofpitals.

Iufolvent Debtors -	-	28

■	■ a* ■:*.■■■ . 1 (A6b amended) 23.

*114

Infurancc. See Policies of Infurance. Infurances (Sea) -	-	-	144

I tie of Man (Repeal of Harbour 'Duties) -	-	-	-	143

Jersey (exporting Tea without paying Duty) -	-	142

Judges, See Annuities.

Jtftice-of the Peace (Office of, in ' Middlesex and Surry)	-	37

Jufticiary, High Court and Circuit Courts of (viva voce Verdi&s j	67

- . —	■ Judges of Court of

(Annuities)	-	-	94

King’s Bench, Judges of (Annuities) ...	-	*95

——* Printers (Drawbacks upon Bibles, dec.) -	-	-	106

Lice Frames, dec, (deftroying) , 42 Land, btthtmg (Pra&ice prevent*

-•	-	-	-	*115

—- rorces (feducing Perfons in) 158 —* Revenue of the Crown	- yd

—— Tax (Commiffioners of)	- 190

■— — -(Redemption and Sale of) 173 Lafcars (Maintenance of)	-	134

Law ('Execution of the) -	-	*33

Laws in Ireland (Execution of) *131 Legal Quays (Period for^nrehafing) 45 Letters (Poftage)	-	- 169

■	—»» 1 * and Packets (Dutiefc) -*119 Licence (making, dec. Gunpowder,

3u. without) -	-	-*iu

Lienees for Diftillation of Spirits from Corn, dec. (fixing Com* ftienocment, dec.)	-	-	9

■ ■-Diftillcri (Duties)	« 17a Lighthoufet, CommiiHoners of

Nbrthetn (purchaftag jilaal and Light of May)	-	i3«

Linen Cloth without Stamps (Exportation) -	-	127,

Loans, Annuities, Exchequer Bills and Treasury Bills, 3. *8. 39. 53..

#75, 76. 79, 80. *85. 139. 188 London (Port of). See Legal Quays. Lotteries -	-	-	-	74

Lynedoch, Lord (Annuity)	- 166

Madder (Cuftoms repealed) - 26,27 Magistrates (Superintending)	*131.

Maidftone Geneva	-	-	-	71

Malt (Annual Duties) -	X

■---(Exporting without Duty Or

Bounty) -	-	r	-69.

Malta (Examination of Accounts ^ of Receipt, dec. of	Colonial Re- ,	' ^

venues) -	-	-	-

-----Ifie of (Trade to) -	-481.

Man, Ille of ( Repeal of Harbour Duties) -	-	-	-	143

Mariegalante (Sugar, dec. of) 57. *100. Marine Forces (Regulation) .. - $1' Martinique (Sugar, dec. of) 57. #ipo Mauritius (Examination of Ac- ^ counts of Receipt} dec. of, Colo- ^ nial Revenues) -	-	-	.184-

Meal ( Exporting without Duty or ^ Bounty) -	-	"	-	-	69“

Middlesex (Juftice of Peace) - 37 Military Accounts -	-	r-Sfi

— ■■ ■ Communication (Roads . -and Bridges for)	t	-	104*

Militia, Adjutants (Allowances)

■ Britifk and Iriftt (int$r-

- 10-

changingI

- Difembodied (Pay, &c.) .

• Iri(h (amending A&)	^*79:

—— (Pay and Clothing) # 177; Local (Agent General) ijji

- (Pay and ClotHmg) iJ6j

Lonobn (Completing, dfcc.j 38

?7;

. (volunteering. . — Seijekhts of (Stat. 40O 34

it

c *69. extended to)	___

—— Serjeant Mayors ( Allow- , anees) j-.	*;	;	• itjf

(Serlices of Part, King'

eitabled to acceptout of tf. K.)

—*—- SubdltCtu Office^ (Allow-	X

onces)

----— Surgeons, h^ates (Allowf .

ances) 1	^	*]?9

Mftiersof Cornwall audDcvqa (faj	_T

undCtothiujr ,	’	MkJ^

INDEX TO THE PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, S4° GEO. IB-

SoldieH (Sedn&ion)

Solicitors, Clerks to (Indentures) South America (Exportation, &c.)

Spain. See Portugal and Spain. Spirits (Britifli or Irifti-raade, Importation fufpended)

«»■ ■ ■ (from Corn, &c. DHlilla-tion of, fixing Commencement, 8cc. of Licences) -

—	■ — (illicit Diftillation) -t*— ■ (colle&ing Duties)

-	■■ (Duties repealed)

—	(exported from Ware-

houses, Repeal of Duties of Ex-cife) -	-

*	—	(Trade in, regulated)

-	— (Unlawful Diftillation) Spiritual Perfons (AAions) 6.

(Refidence)

Cap.

>5«

5

- 49

4*

9

*32

*88

17a

Stage Coaches Stamp Duties

- 121

*49

*150

44- 54 *75 *13; *118

(Probates, 8tc.) (Infurances). See

*92

Policies of Infurance.

Stocking Frames, &c. (deftroy-«g)	.	•	-	-	-	42

Stores, King’s (Regulation of) - 159 Sugar (Annual Duties) -	-	2

« (Drawbacks and Bounties)

*7. 24. $7.-*ioo —-- ■ (Martinique, See.) - 57. *ioo Surry (Juftice cA Peace)	-	37

Taxes ?Regulation)	-	*129

Tea (Exporting to B. Colonies in America, &c. without paying Duty) -	-	-	142

Teak Wood, &c. (Cuftoms Duties repealed)	-	-	66

Thames Police Office -	-	187

Tithes (Recovery of) -	-	*68

Tobacco (Annual Duties) -	2

■■■■ — (Imported into Plymouth) 124 Tokens -	-	4

Trade and Navigation (Commif-fioners of Treasury remitting, dec. Fines, &c. relating to) 171 —— of the United Kingdom

(prote&ed (faring Hoftditieswidi America)

Ttanfportation of Felons Treasury, Commissioners of (ifiuiog Exchequer Bills on Credit of Aids, &c.)

——— - ■ ■ ■ ■ — ■ - -— (advanc-

es

5*

30

- »

ing Money for purchasing Iflasd and Light of May)	-	138

■............. -	—(teft caring

Seizures) -	-	-	171

gulated)

('Receipts and Iftues re-

Bills. See Loans.

Trinidad (Examination of Accounts of Receipt, 8cc. of Colonial Revenues)	-	.184

Vermin (Deftroying) - #IIi Volunteer (Cavalry -	-	*176

Volunteers (Agent General for) 15c Vote of Credit ^3,000,000.	188

United Provinces (trading with Colonies)	-	*	*	71

Univerfities, Scotch (Drawback on Paper) -	.	-

Wages (Recovery of)	• *i 16

Wales, Princefs of (Annuity)	16b

War Duties of Cuftoms (can* tinned)	-	- 6f

Wafh, Diftillers (Duties repealed) 172 Watching and Warding	-	iz

Wellington, Duke of (Annuity and Eftate)	-	•	161

West Indies <Exportation, &c.) 48,49 Westminster Improvements - 154 Wharfs, King’s (Regulation of) 159 

---

White Herring Fishery (British White) - 102

Wine of Cape of Good Hope (Customs Duties) - 77

- French (Drawback on Exportation of) - 40

- (Repeal of additional Duties on) - 181

Wool (Sea Side, removed to) - 78

Writs of Affiftance (Time of rmaining in force)	- 46

Yeomanry Corps - 578

