THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GJLEAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

51 GEORGE III. 18 xi.

LONDONt

Printed by His Majesty’s Statute and Law Printers $

And fold by J- Butterworth, Law Bookfeller, in Fbet»S€reet#

1811

[Price z6 «. In Boards.]

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Failed in the FIFTH Seffion of the FOURTH Parliament

or

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; 51 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1.	\ N AA to provide for the Adminiftration of the Royal Au-

thority, and for the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Perfon, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s JUnefs ; and for the Re-fumption of the~Excrcife of the Royal Authority by His Majesty.

I

2.	An Ad for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt.

Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Eftates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.	14.

3.	An Ad for railing the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven. Ibid•

4.	An Ad for railing the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven. 15

3. An Ad for railing the Sum of One Miilion, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hun. dred and eleven.	Ibid*

6.	An Ad for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britaint

and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.	Ibid.

7.	An Ad to amend Two Ads of the Thirteenth and Thirty

second Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Wages of Perfons employed in the	Silk	Manufadure.	26

8* An Ad for puni thing Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.	27

9.	An A6t for the Regulation of His Majesty Royal Marine Forces

while on Shone.	3$

10.	As Ad to continue, until the . Twenty fifth Day of March One tl oufand eight hundred and thirty three, certain Ads of the PvlfaK&ejit $f Ireland* so far s»t the fame relate to the Improvement

A 2	of

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

of the City oF Dublin, by making wide and convenient Paflages through the fame.	Page 38

11.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One

thousand eight hundred and thirty two, certain Afts of the Parliament of Ireland, so far as the fame relate to the Duty on CoaU imported into the Harbour of Dublin, and to the regulating the Coal Trade thereof.	39

12.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve* an Aft for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties ou the Exportation of Sugar from

; Ireland.	41

13.	An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain ;

. and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Uuties imposed by an Aft of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended ; and for continuing so much of an Aft of the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows a Bounty upon Double Refined Sugar exported, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and so much of the fame Aft as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar, exported until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve.	42

14- An Aft to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of Briti/h and Irifb Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax into Great Britain, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; to the prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation into Great Britain of Com, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty during the Continuance of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; and to the permitting the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve. 46

15.	An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the IfTue of Exche-

quer Bills to a limited Amount, For the Purpofe and in Manner therein mentioned.	47

16.	An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer

Bills.	74

‘ 17. An Aft to render valid certain Afts done for completing the Regular Militia, and to indemnify the Perfons concerned therein.

7$

18.	An Aft to indemnify stich Perfons in the United Kingdom as

have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, aud for extending the times limited for those Purpofes refpeftive?y, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve 5 and to permit such Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attomies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day o$ Hilary Terin Qne thousand eight hundred and twelve.	Ibid.

19.	An* Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One

(Public General 51* GEO. HI.

One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Ad of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commiffioaers to enquire into the Public Expenditure and the Cot>duft of the Public Bufinefs in the Military Departments therein mentioned, and to extend the fame to Public Works executed by the Office of Works and others.	Page 77

20.	An Aft to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia of oreat

Britain to euliil annually into the Regular Forces ; and to provide for the gradual Rednftion of the feud Militia.	7&

21.	An Aft to explain and amend an Aft, patted m the Fiftieth Year of His Majefty*s Reign, intituled An AS to direS that Account,t of Increafe and JMm 'mution of Public Salaries, Pcapons and Allowances, shall be annually laid before Parliament; and to regulate and coniroul the Granting and Pay of futh Salaries, Pen• font and Allowances ; so far as respects the Grant of Penfions or Allowances by His Majesty to Pcrfons who* pneviouffy to the palling of the laid Aft had served the Crown. in Foreign Courts*

90

22.	An Act for railing the Sum of Two Millions five hundred thou* land Pounds, by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills, for the Ser-

• vice oi Ireland.	91

23.	An Act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the Forty

seventh Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An AS for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.	Ibid.

24.	An Aft to repeal so much of an Aft of the Nineteenth Year o£

His present Majesty, as prevents Mafters of Ships removing their Vefiels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are difciiarged 01 their Vrflels are cleared by the proper Officers inwards or outwards, so far a& relates to any Ship or Yeflel entered inwards or outwards from or to any Pbrt » Ireland.	96

25.	An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act made in the Thirty third Year of lit present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious to Scotland.

Ibid.

26.	As Aft for railing the* Sum of Four millions nine hundrvdeighty one thousand three hundred Pounds by way of Annuities. 97

27.	An Aft to explain and amend Two Afts of the Fiftieth and

Fifty fiift Years of His present Majesty, sets continuing certain Duties on Mak, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuft, and other Purposes mentioned in the said Afts.	Ibid

28.	An Act for increafing-the Rates of Subfiftence to be paid to

Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.	gg

29.	An Aft far coutinuiug, until the Ftrft Day of Augufi Oue

thousand eight hundred and thirteen. Two Afts of. the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and IVeJlminJler by Inland Navigation.	101

30.	An Aft to amend the several Afts for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of IrcLad.

102

t 3i\«A?n Aft continue, during the present War and until the Expiration qf Six Calendar Months after the Ratification of x A3	Definitive

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, -and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.	Page 163

6a* An Aft to permit Rum and other Spirits, the Produce of the British Colonies in the IVeJt Indue, to be imported into Nova Scotia and New Brunfwici, and the 1 (lands of Cape Breton, Prince Edward and Newfoundland\ from the I Hand of Bermuda.

165

63.	An Aft to authorize the Punifhment, by Confinement and hard Labour, of Perfons in Ireland liable to Tranfportation; and to repeal so much of a former Aft as relates to that Subject. 166

64.	An Aft to enable the East India Company.to raise a further

Sum of Money upon Bond, instead of increasing their Capital Stock; and to alter and amend an Aft, patted in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative thereto.	170

65.	‘An Aft to explain and amend an Aft patted in the Thirty

ninth Year of His Majefty's Reign, intituled. An Ad for .the more ejfcdual SuppreJJion of Societies ejiablijhed for feditions and treafonahle Purpofcsy and for better preventing treafonahle and seditious Pradicest so far as respects certain Penalties on Printers and Publiihers.	*73

66.	An Aft to amend and render more effectual several Afts for pro-

moting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious; and for erecting, repairing and maintaining Light Houfes round the Coaft of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof.	jjf

67.	An Act for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms now payable on

the Importation of Hides in the Hair, and grauting new Duties in lieu thereof.	182

68.	An Act for charging an	additional Duty on Verdigris imported.

184

69.	An Act for repealing the Duty on the Materials used iti making

Flint and Phial Glass; and for granting, until the First Day of Augufl One thouiand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof; and for continuing and amending an Aft patted in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better *Coiled ion of the said Duties.	.185

70.	An Act for repealing the Hat Duty in Great Britain.	207

71.	An Act for the Abolition and Regulation of certain Offices

in'the Cuftoms.	208

72.	An Act for granting Exemptions in certain Cafes from the Payment of the Duties charged in' respect of Servants,* Carriages, Horfes and Dogs, kept in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

731 Art Aft for the better Security. ofoHis.Majetty’s N&vfc) AHenafa in the River Medway, and Portfmoutb and Hamoaze Harbours, and of His Majefty*s Ships.and Vettels lying at and refarting to the fame.	.223

74* An A6t for authorizing the Sale of Prize Goods lodged io W,arp-boofes after a certain Period. *	t	-	227

An Act formakfog.further Provifi^fijr the Payment ©£Salaries

1	.	and

[Futtic General) 51* GEO. III.:

• It

and other Charge* in the Office of the CommHfianers for the Affairs of India i and for enabling the East Indii Company, to restore to the Service of the said Company, Military Officers removed therefrom by Sentences of Courts Martial; and to authorize the said Company, in Cafes of unforeseen Emergency, to take up Ships by private Contract.	-Page	22%

76.	An. Ad for letting to Farm the Duties on Horfes hired by the

Mile or Stage, to be vfed in trayelling, and on Horfes hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty eight Days, for drawing Carnages used in travelling Pod or otherwise, in Gnat Britain ; and for facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties.	231

77.	An Ad to' amend the Laws for regulating the Ele&ion, in /re-

land, of Members to serve in Parliament.	235

78.	An Ad to make Provlfion in cenain Cafes for the Wives aiid

Families of Seneants, Corporals, Drummers and Privates, serving in the Militia or Ireland,	239

79.	An Ad . to amend an Ad of the Forty eighth	Year	of	His

present Majesty, for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminals, in England*	248

80.	An Ad to render valid certain Indentures	for	the	binding of

Parifh Apprentices.	250

81.	An Act to continue until the First Day of Attgufl One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain Ads for appointing Com-miffioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquifitcs and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abufes which may exist in the fame, .and into the Mode of reoeiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Public

jfo. An Ad for eitablifhing Regulations respecting Rock Salt livered to the Refineries; for granting Relief for Salt loft at Sea by Shipwreck or Capture; and for reviving, amending and continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, so much of an Ad of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty as allows the Ufe of Salt, Dutyfree, for curing Fifh in Bulk or in Barrels.	252

83* An Ad for allowing the like Drawback of Duty paid on Coals used in certain Mines and Smelting Mills in Devonshire, as is now , allowed in the County of Cornwall*	.257

84.	An Ad to explain an Ad. palled in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for better securing the Freedom of Elec- • tion of Members to serve in Parliament, by difabhng certain Officers employed in the Colledion or Management of His Majefty’• Revenues from giving their Votes at such Elcdions, so far as relates to Coal Meters and Corn Meters of the City of

85.	An Ad to enabJe the Commiffiooers of His Majcfty’s Trea-

fury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted, by Parliament for t(ie Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.	258

86.	An AS to .continue, until the Fifth Day of July Oco- thou-.land eight hundred and. twelve, and to amend fevtral Ads. for granting certain Rates and Duties# and for allowing certain. Draw-backppad * Bfruotkt on.Goods, Wares .and Merchandize imported

Money in Ireland.

London*

into

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

' into and exported from Ireland; and to grant to His Majesty, until the said Fifth Day of July One thouiaod eight hundred and twelve* certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland	Page 259

§7. An Ad for allowing the Manuladure and Ufe of a Liquor prepared from Sugar for colouring Porter, and for indemnifying rerfons who have manufadurcd or used such Colouring. 267

88.	An Ad for railing the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds

by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.	280

89.	An Ad to inrreafe the Salary of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

Ibid.

90.	An Ad for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for muting Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.	281

91.	An Ad for discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown and Compoiition Rents, which have been growing due in Ireland.

287

92.	An Ad to repeal certain Parts of several Ads of the Parlia-

ment of Ireland, relating to the Tolls on Stage Coaches, carrying above a certain Number of Pafiengera, and to make other Pro-vifions in lieu thereof.	290

93.	An Ad for granting additional Duties of Cuftoms on Fir Timber,

of certain Dimenfions, of the Growth of Norway imported into Great Britain•	< .	291

94.	An Ad to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of July One

thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Ad of the last Seffion of Parliament, intituled, An Ad to extend and amend the Term and Provifions of an Ad of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Tear of His present MajeJly, for the better Prefervation of Timber in the New Fore/l; and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Fore/lf and the Lands of the Crown within	the fame	293

95.	An Ad to explain and amend certain Laws of Excite respecting the Duties on Eftates and Goods fold by Audion ; the allowing Dealers to roast their own Coffee on certain Conditions \ and to the Water Mark of the Year on Paper intended for Exportation.

96- An Ad to extend the Powers veiled in the Cocnmiffionm of the Cuftoms of restoring Veffelsand Goods feiaed, to Seizures made

< by virtue of any Ads relatiug to the Department of the Cuftoms.

296

97.	An Ad to regulate the Trade between Places in Europe South

of Cape Finifierre, and certain Ports in the JBritijh Colonies in North America.	298

98.	An Ad to indemnify filch Pcrlbnt in the United Kingdom as

•	have omitted to give Securities and to register Memorials thereof,

•	under an Ad of the last Seffion of Parliament, and .for extending the times limited for those Purpofes refpedivdy,until Two Months after the Commencement of‘the next* Seffion of Parliament. 901

99.	An Ad for removing Doubts as to the negifterug of certain

•	Property purchased or fold under the Land To* Redemption Adr

12	fn

(PiMcl General) ji® GEO. Ill/

!n llight of which Perfons may claim to vote at Eledions of Members to fcrve in Parliament.	Pare	302

loo. An Ad to amend an Ad passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Ad to regulate the Trial of Caufes% Indidments and other Proceedings which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this King-dons.	tot

ici. An Ad for amending an Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Briti/h White Herring Fifliery.

3°5

loa. An Ad to extend the Provifions of an Ad palled in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for discharging from the Claims of the Crown certain Real and Perfonal Eftates be-longing to General De Lanceyy late Barrack Mailer General, and veiled in Trullees for Sale ; and also for veiling and settling certain Lands heretofore contracted to be purchased by the said General De Lancey in Trullees, to be sold for Payment of a Debt due ot the Crown, and for other Purpofes relative thereto. Jbid. 103. An Ad to authorize the allowing Officers to retire on Half Pay or other Allowances, under certain Reftridions.	313

104* An Ad for extending and amending the Regulations now in Force, relative to the Payment to the Royal Hofpital at Chelsea of the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money.

105.	An Ad to enable Perfons to bequeath Lands and Tenements

to the Commissioners for the Government of The Royal Naval Afylumy and to authorize the said Commissioners to hold the fame for the Benefit of the said Afylum; and for amending an Ad made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majdly relating to the said Afylum.	318

106.	An Ad for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked for Foreign Service, to return to their Homes.	322

107.	An Ad for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing

of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.	324

108.	An Ad to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and amend so much of an Ad, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of Hit present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Ad of the fame Seffitm of Parliament.	326

109.	An Ad for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great i.ritam> w.isle disembodied. 327

Ho. An Ad to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Pieces denominated Tokens, intended to be issued and circulated by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the respective Sums of Five Shillings and Six Pence, Three Shillings, and One Shilling, and Six Pence; Sind to prevent the bringing into the Kingdom or uttering any ft?ch counterfeit Pieces or Tokens. Ibid.

til. An Ad for permitting Sir William Btfbop and George Bifhop to continue, unra the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Manufadure of Maidjlone Geneva ; for charging the fator with certain Doties ; aud for rectifying a Mif*

take

XL

The TITLES of the STATUTES',

take in an Ad of this Seffion, for empowering the Lords 'Cohn miffioners of the Treasury to exonerate Diftillers of Spirits from Sugar from the Excefs of Duties therein mentioned.	33

112.	An Ad for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three

Millions for the Service of Great Britain.	335

113.	An Ad for grautipg to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be

raifcd by Lotteries.	Ibid.

114.	An Ad to permit the Services of the Regiment of Miners,

of Ccrnivalland Devon to be extended to Ireland.	Ibid.

115.	An Ad for amending the Ad Forty third George Third, to pro-

mote the building, repairing or ofcherwife providing the Churches-and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Miniiters, and the providing of Church Yards and Glebes	339

116.	An Ad to enable His Majeiiy to grant a Piece of Ground

within the Tower of London* to be used as an additional Burial Ground for Perfons dying within the said Tower	341	,

117.	An Ad for grauting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned* fur the Service of the Year. One thousand eight hundred and eleven 5. and for further appro* pridiing the Supplies granted in this Seffion of Parliament. 34*

ixB. An A6t to permit the Interchange of the British ana Irijh Militias respectively.	355

119* An Ad for repealing Two Ads made in the Forty second and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for the more

• effectual Adminiilration of the Office of a Jufticc of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of MUdlefex and Surrey as lie in or near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Feionics; and for making other Proviftous in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thitteen, and from tbeuce until the Expiration of Six. Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Seffiou of Parliament.	36a

120.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the Forty feTenth Year of His

present Majesty, for more effedualiy preventing the dealing of Deer.	37Q

121.	An A6t to suspend the Payment of all Drawbacks oa Spirits

made or dtihlled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported from either Country to the other respectively 5. aud to suspend the Importation into Great Britain of any Spirits made or (Milled in Ireland, except such as ftiall have been warehoused according to Law ; and for regulating the Exportation of Home-made Spirit^ from Great B {lain to Ireland and from Ireland t" Great B attain, until Puree Months after the Commencement of the ne*t Seffioa of Parliament*	,	IliL

122.	An Act to continue, until the First. Day of January One thoufa.id eight hundred and thirteen, an Ad for appointing Com-miffi inters to enquire and examine into the Nature and Extent of the several Bogs m Ireland, and the Practicability of draining and cultivating them* and the best means of effecting the fame; 375

123.	An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors iw It eland.

* *	,	Hid.

124.	An Ad further to extend and render more effectual certain. Pro-vifions of an Act patted in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His

Into

xiii

**■ ♦

\PukTit General) 51* GEO. III.

late Majesty King George the First, intituled. An A8 to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrejls; and of an Aft pa {Ted in the Fifth Year of the Reign-of His Majesty King George the Second, to explaiu, amend and render more eflk&ual the faia former Aft ; and of Two Afts passed in the Nineteenth and Forty third Years of the Reign of Hi* present Majesty, extending the Provifioos of the said former Afts.	Fage	400

125.	An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.

126.	An Aft to extend an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of tiis

late Majesty King George tire Second, to explain and ammd the Law* touching the Eleftions of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for England, respecting the Expcnces of Hidings and PoH Clerks, so far as regards the City of IVrJlminjler.	431

127.	An Act for making more effectual Provifion for preventing

the Current Gold Coin of tire Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Current Value of such Coin; for preventing any Note or BiH of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from being received for any smaller Sum than the Sum therein fpeerfied ; and for (laying Proceedings upon any Diftrefs by Tender of such Notes*	433

128.	An Aft to explain an Aft passed in this present Sellion of Par-

liament, intituled, An Ad 1o permit the Interchange of the British and IrHh Militias rejpedively.	435

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i. A N Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His present XjL Majesty for rebuilding the Parifh Church of Eafi Grinjltad, in the County of Stiffen.	Page	436

iL An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Seffions House in the Town of Buckingham to Hanvocll, in the County of Oxford.	Ibid.

iii. An Aft to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Three Afts of the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty, and the Eighth* and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea lathe City of Durham.

Ibid.

£v. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverlef to the Ferry at NefsJe9 and from the Malton Guide Poft to the Gravel Pit at Cottiugham, in the County of Tori. 437 v. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Odiham9 in the County of Southampton, to Fartthnm, in the County of Surrey.	Ibid.

ri. An Act for continuing and amending an Aft of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from Bijhop Wear mouth to Norton, in the County of Durham.	HidL

▼ii. Att

*5

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

fii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Rangeworthy* in the Pari Hi of Thornkuryi in the County of Glotuejler. Page 437

viii. An Act for lighting, watching and improving the Streets and other public Paffages within the Town ot Ware, in the County of Hertford.	llid.

ix» An Act for better paving, lighting, cleaning, watching and other-wife improving the Town of Bury Saint Edmund/, in the County of Suffolk.	Ibid.

X. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bridge oix the Old River at Barton to Brandon Bridge, in the County or Suffolk.	Ibid.

xi.	An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon

Canal to raise Money to complete the said Canal and Works, and for amending the former Afts paiTed relative thereto.	Ibid.

xii.	An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and amending the Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Golden Grove Park to the Turnpike Road leading from the new Bridge to the Lime Kilns, and other Roads in tne said Afts mentioned, in the County of Cannarilen; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate with the said Roads.

Ibid\

X»i. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hyde Park Corner to Counter9e Bridge, and certain other Roads in the County of Mid* dlefex.	438

xiv.	An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Aft of His late Majesty, for making a Road for the PafTage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Netuca/ile upon Tyne, as relates to the County of Cumberland.

Ibid.

An Act for widening and improving the Street called the Nether, gate, in the Burgh of Dundee, in the County of Forfar. Ibid.

xvi.	An Aft to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Afts of Hift

present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the South Gate of King9! Lynn into the Parishes of East Walton, Narborovgh, Stoke Ferry and Downham Market, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

xvii.	An Aft to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the East Gate of King9! Lynn to the North End of Balingley Lane, and to extend the Road from thence to Darfmgbam in the County of Norfolk.

Ibid.

Xviii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Afts for making and repairing the Roads from Livingdone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads and Bridges therein mentioned.	Ibid.

xix.	An Act for repairing the Road leading from Shankbill in the

County of Kilkenny, to the City of Waterford.	Ibid.

xx.	An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Three Afts of

His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of jilmond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by the Town of Bathgate to BaHlieJlon, in the County ^>f Lanark, and several other Roads mentioned in the said Afts.	439

xxu An

*r

{LocpI bf Ptrfinal) 51* GEO, III.

xii. An Act for anclofmg Lands in the Parifh of Whickham, in the County of Durham.	Pt#*439

xxii.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh pf Barn ham Broom* and Parifh or Hamlet o? Bickerjlone, in the County of Norfolk.

/if*/.

xxiii.	An Act for uiclofiog Lands in the Parifh of Finchley, in the

County of Middleft x	Ibid.

xxiv.	An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in

the Townihipa of Lune, Holwick and Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of 7VL	Ibid.

xxv.	An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Hamlets of Chad*

import West, Chad ling ton East and Chilfon,in the Pari ill of Cbarllury, in the County of Oxford.	/£**/»

xxvi.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of By well Saint

Peter, in the County of Northumberland.	Ibid*

xxvii.	An Aft to continue and amend an Aft of Hispresent Majesty,

for repairing the Road from Norwich to Aylsham, in the County of Norfolk ; and to make arid maintain the Road from Ayljham to Cro* mer, and Part of the Road leading towards Walter ton, branching off from the Cromer Roadv to the Eagle Inn in Erpingham, in the said County.	Ibid%

xxviii.	An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dudley to the New Inn* Pattingham, and also the Road from Shut End, to join the Wolverhampton Turnpike Road, in the Counties of IVorcester, Stafford and Salop•	Ibid*

liix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Aftsfor repairing the Road from Harlow Bujh Common, in the Parifh of Harlow, to Woodford* in the County of Ffsex, and the Road from Epping* through the Parifhes of North weald* Bafsett, Bob-bingworth» High Ongar, Chipping Ongar and Shelley, to the Four leant Way, in the Parifh of Shelley9 and from thence through the Parifhes of High Ongar and Norton Mandeville, to the Parifh of Writtle, in the laid County.	440

xxx An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Hatfield, Thorne and Fijhlahe, in the Manor of Haitefeld, in the Weil Riding of the County of Fork*	Ibid*

yxxi. An Aft tor amending the Road from Barton Bridge into the Manchester and Altrincham Turnpike Road; and also.a Branch thetefrom, into the said Turnpike Road; all in the County of Lancafier.	Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for better affl fling and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parifh of Chrifi Church in the County of Surrey ; for better regulating the Poor thereof; and for cleansing, watching, lighting and otlierwife improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Pafiages and Places in the said Parifh, and for other Purpofes relating thereto,	IbicU

juiiii. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Harbour and Works connected therewith, at Vunqre, in the County of Ayr.	Ibid.

xxxiv# An Act for paving, lighting and cleansing the City of Perth* and for maintaining Ponce and good Order within the said City,

Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for widening, paying, improving and keeping in Repair the Streets, Lanes and other Pafiages in the Royal Buigh

of

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

of Kirkcaldy, in the County of Fife* for the better supplying th* Inhabitants thereof with Water* and for other Purpofes of Utility . to the said Burgh.	Page	440

Xxxvi. An Act to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making1 and repairing Public Roads in the Coiinty of Dublin, with refpe6t to the Roads within those Parts of the Baronies of Uppercrofs and Ncweajlfe, which are situate on the South East Side of the gteat Turnpike Road leading from Dublin to Cork, by Ratbcoole and Naas.	Ibid,

xxxvi:. An Act for continuing several Afts for laying a Duty of . Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale, Beer or Porter, that shall be vended or fold within the Town of Dumfries and Privileges thereof.	441

xxxviii.	An Act for building and maintaining a Bridge over the

Water of Doon, which runs between the Parifties of Ayr and Maybole, in the County of Ayr.	Ibid\

xxxix.	An Act for building a Bridge over the River North EJh near

the Village of Marykirk,' in the County of Kincardine.	Ibid.

si. An Act for more effectually repairing certain Roads in the County of Berwick, and for building a Bridge over the River Whit adder, in the said County.	*	Ibid,

»Ii. An Aft to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Berwick upon Tweed, by Ay ton B ridge % to Dunglas Bridge; and . the Roads from Billie Caufeway and Prejlon Bridge, to join the fold Road at or near Cockburnfpatb Tower, in the County of Berwick.	Ibid,

jJh. Au Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Afts of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Roads communicating with the IVeJl India and East India Docks, and for repairing the Cannon Street Road, and for making and maintaining a- new Road to Barking, and a Road from the Romford and White-1 Road to Tilbury Fort, in the Counties of Middlefcx and

xliii. An Act for improving the Navigation from the Hythe at Col-chefler to Wivcnhoe in the County of EJfex ; and for better paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and improving the said Town of Col* chester.	Ibid.

xliv. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Wem and Whitchurch Road, to the Sandford and Hodnet Road, both in the County of Salcp.	442

xlv. An Aft to continue and amend Two Afts of His present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading from the Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk, and the Road from Methwold Warren House to a Place called the Devils Ditch, in the said County.	Ibid.

*Ivi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Abingdon to Swinford, in the County of Berks,	Ibid,

»lvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Vtnehall, in the County of Sujsex, to Cripps*t Corner, and from thance to Sta* plecross, and from Cripps’t Corner' to the Town of Rye, in the fold County.	Ibid.

Ibid.

[Local Perfanal) 51* GEO. III.

xhriii. An AA for repairing and improving the Roads leading to and from Tiverton, in the County of Devon.	Page 441

xlix. Aa AA for regulating the Rates and Charges to be received by the London Dock Company, upon Wines and Spirits landed and warehoofed in the London Docks.	Ibid.

1.	An AA for veiling certain Eftates late of the Right Honourable George Lord Viscount Sackville deceased, situate in the Borough Town and Parifh of East Grinjtead, in the County of Suffix, in Trudees, upon Truft to fell the fame ; and to lay out the Monies thence arising in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates so fold.	449

li. An AA for effeAually separating the several Churches or Cha-pelries of Nailfea and B our ton otherwise Flax Bourton otherwise Boreton, in the County of Somerset, from the ReAory and Parifh Church of Wraxhall, in the said County, and for uniting the several Churches or Chapelries of Nailfea and Bourton otherwise Flax Bourton otherwise Boreton aforesaid, into and making the feme one diftinA and separate ReAory.	Ibid.

lii. An AA for inclosing Lands in Seaming, Hoe, Worthing and DilTington, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid,

liii. An AA for inclosing Lands in the Manor, Lordfhip or Foreft of Wejlward, in the Parifh of Wejlward, in the County of Cum• her land.	Ibid.

liv. An AA for inclosing Lands m the Townfhip of Cholmondeflon, in the Parifh of A don, in the County of Chester.	Ibid.

It. An AA for inclosing certain TraAs, or Parcels of Common and Wafte Grounds, called Fulwood Moor and Cadeley Moor, within and Parcel of the Foreft of Fulwood, in the County Palatine of Lane after.	Ibid.

Ivi. An AA for inclosing Lands in the Parifit of Long Compton, in the County of Warwick.	450

Ivii. An AA for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parifhefl of Great Paxton and Tofeland, in the County of Hun-ting don.	Ibid*

Ifiii. An AA for inclosing Lands in the Town ships of JVigton, Wood-fide and Waverton, within and Parcel of the Barony of Wigton in the County of Cumberland.	Ibid.

lix. An A A for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Saint John the B apt if, Peterborough, in the County of Northampton• Ibid. lx. Ain AA for making a Navigable Canal from the River Avon, at or near Morgan's Pill, in the Parifh of Eaflon in Gordano otherwise Saint George’s, in the County of Somerset, to or near the River Tone, in the Parifh of Saint James in Taunton, in the feid County, and a certain navigable Cut therein described. Ibid. lxi. An AA for paving, lighting, clcansing, widening and olherways improving the Streets of the Burgh of Dunfermline, increasing the Supply of Water, extending the Royalty of the said Burgh ; and for othee Purpofes. therein mentioned relative thereto.	Ibid.

Ixii. An AA for repealing so much of an AA of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridge Foot in the Town of. Chepstow, iu the County of Monmouth ; and several other Roads in the Copqties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford and Brecon, as relates to the Newport DiftriA ot Roads; and. for granting 5* GbQ. III.	a	furthejr

*xviii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

•	further and other Powers for repairing the Roads in the faid

Diflrid.	Page 450

Ixiii. An Ad for rendering more effectual several A&s for repairing

•	the Turnpike Road from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queens-ferry in the County of Linlithgow 5 and for altering and repairing

•	the High Road leading from the West End of the Town of

Queensferry to the Town of Linlithgow.	Ibid*

xiv.	An Ad for providing a Workhoufe for the Ufe of the Parifli

of Saint Mary le Strand, in the County of Middlesex, and Liberty of IVejlminjler ; and for better paring, lighting, clean fin g and watching the said Parifli; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	451

xv.	An Ad for continuing the Term and amending the Powers

of an Ad for repairing the Road leading from Robejlon IVathan to Sdint Clears, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen.	Ibid.

xvi.	An Ad to amend and render more effectual an Ad of His

present Majesty, for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehouses, called The Commercial Docks, in the Parifli of Saint Mary Rotbcrhilhe9 in the County of Surrey; and for extending the Powers of the said Ad.	Ibid*

xvii.	An Ad for veiling in the Justices of the Peace for the

County of Rutland the New Gaol and Bridewell for that County, and the Ground purchased for the Scites thereof, and for con-finning certain Rates and Proceedings relative thereto.	463

lxviii. An Ad to repeal certain Parts of an Ad of His present Majesty for building Two Chapels, and providing Burial Grounds thereto, in the Town of Birmingham, -in the County of Warwick, and for amending the said Ad.	Ibid,

lxix. An Ad for building and establishing a Church or Chapel of Eafe, at Buxton, in the County of Derby.	Ibid.

Ixx. An Ad for erecting and maintaining a Bridge over the River Clyde, near Garicn and Dalferfin the County of Lanark, Ibid.

Ixxi. An Ad. for repealing so much of an Ad of His prefent

•	Majefty, as relates to making a Public Way over Fofdyke WaJL,

•	in the County of Lincoln; and for granting further rowers for

• building a Bridge over the said Walh.	Ibid.

Ixxii. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His

•	present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bromham Bridge»

in the County of Bedford, to Olney, aud other Places, in the County of Bucks.	Ibid.

lxxiii. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ada of

•	His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Derby to Mansfield, and several other Roads in the County of Nottingham.

4*5+

lxxrv. An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from the Guide Poft belour Haddon, out of the Bakewell Turnpike Road, by Grange Mill, into the Bentley and AJhbourne Turnpike Road, in the County of Derby.	Ibid*

lxxv. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of Tori, to Sparrow Pit Gate, and several other Places in the County of Derby *, and for amending and making certain x>ther Roads ta communicate therewith.	Ibid.

•	...	lxxvi. An

{Local iff Perfonal) 51* GEO- III.

lxxvi. An Aft to continue and amend an Aft of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from Fofbrook, in the Parifh of Dillom, to Chedletan, in the County of Stafford,	Page	464.

Ixxvii. An Act for continuing and amending Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Baldock to Royflon* and from Royjlon to Bourn Bridge, in the Counties of Ilertfora and Cambridge•	Ibid.

Ixxviii. An Act for continuing and amending several Afts for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Bigglefwade, in the County of Bedford j and other Roads therein described.	Ibid,

lxxix. An Act for reviving, continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from IVimborne Minjler to Blandford Forum, in the County of Dorset.	^	Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for making and maintaining a Tumpikc Road from or near a Place called The Five Oaks, in the Parifh of Billingjhurjlp in the County of Sufsex, to join the Horjbam and Guildford Tumpike Road on Broaclbridgc Heath, in the said County. 4.65 lxxxi. An Act for continuing and amending Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads trom Golford Green, in the Parifti of Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Road m the Parifh of Sandhurfl, and from the Green near Benenden Church to Rolvenden Croft, in the County of Kent,	Ibid.

lxxxii. An Aft to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His prel’ent Majesty, for repairing feveral' Roads to and from Shawbury, in the County of Salop.	Ibid.

lxxxiii. A11 Aft for allotting and inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Bright well, in the County of Berks.	Ibid'.

lxxxiv. An Act for enclofiug Lands in the Parifh of Fyfield, in the Countv of Berks.	Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Garftngton in the Countv of Oxford.	Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for enclosing, and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parifh of Little Ponton otherwise Little Pa union, in the County of Lincoln.	IbidL

Ixxxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Llanfyllin and Mechen Uchoed, in the County of Montgomery.	Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parifh of Somerby, in the County of Lincoln.	Ibid%

lxxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Teirtref, in the County of Montgomery.	Ibid.

xc. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Beeley, in the County of Derby.	466

xd; An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parifh of JVilden, in the County of Bedford.	Ibid.

xcii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of AJlley, in the County of Worcester.	Ibid.

xdii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Wedbury upon Trym, Henbury and Compton Greenfield, in the County of Gloucester.

Ibid.

xdr. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Townfhips of Leighton and Thornton9 in the Parifh of Great Nejlon, in the County of Chester.	Ibid.

‘a'l	xcv^An

six

‘a'l

xs

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

lev. An Act for allotting, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parifhes of Great Chijbill and Little Chishill, in the County of T.Jfex*	PaSe	4^6

xevi. An A A for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parifh of Pirton, m the County of Hertford.	Ibid*

xcvii. An AA for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Townfhip of Of godly, and Parifh of Hemingbrougb, in the East Riding of the County of Tork.	Ibid*

xcviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Lyons, Kill, Clonoelis, Celbridge and Donnacomport, in the County of Kildare*

Ibid*

xeix. An A A for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Stewkley, in the County of Buckingham.	Ibid.

c. An A A for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Woolhampton, and other Parifhes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Berks.	Ibid.

ci. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads in the County of Stirlings and the Road from or near from the West End of the Town of Linlithgow to Stirling, in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling.	467

cii. An A A for improving the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.	Ibid.

ciii. An AA to enable Doftor Robert John Thornton to dispose of his Colleftion of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance.	Ibid*

civ. An AA for altering and enlarging the Powers of an AA of His present Majesty, for paving, cleaning, lighting and watching the Parifh of Saint Michael, in the Liberties of the City of Limerick, and adjoining the said City, and for preventing and removing Nuifances therein.	Ibid.

cv. An Act for enlarging the Powers of several Afts of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Birmingham Canal Navigations, and for further extending and improving the fame. Ibid* cvi. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal and a Railway or Tram Road from the River Burry, at or near the Village ot Penclawdd, in the Parifh of Lanridian, into the Townfhip or Borough of Lougbor ; and divers Branches therefrom, all in the County of Glamorgan.	Ibid*

evii. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates of the Parifh of Clapham, in the County of Surrey ; and to alter, enlarge, rebuild or repair the present Work-house, and to regulate the Poor thereof, and for other Purpofes relating thereto ; and to amend so much of an Aft of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for rebuilding a Parifh Church, a6 relates to the assessing the Church Rates by the Land Tax.

Ibid.

cviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Ipswich to the Scale Inn Road, and from Claydon to the Bury St* Edmunds Rojd, and from Yaxley Bull to Eye and Lanthorn Green, in the County of Suffolk.	Ibid\

fcix. An Aft lor making and maintaining a Road from Kingflon upon Thames to Lcatberhead, in the County of Surrey.	468

13	cx.	An

(Local & Perfonal) 51* GEO. III.	xxi

t%. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurjl, in the County of Kent. Page 46$ cxi. An Ad for making and maintaining 1 Road from Long Preflon to Sawley, in the West Riding of the County of Tori. Ibid.

Cxii. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads, of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Brimmingtou and Chefierfield* to several Places, all in the County of Derby.

Ibid,

cxiii. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad, of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Little Yarmouth to Blythburgh, and from Brampton to Hale I'worth, in the County of

SufoU.	Ibid,

«xiv. An Ad for effeduating an Agreement between the Reverend Anthony Hamilton Dodor of Divinity, Redor of the Rcdorv and Parifh Church of Great Hadham* in the Countv of Hertford* and James Gordon Esquire; and for accelerating the Sale to the (aid James Gordon of certain Lands heretofore enjoyed, as Parcel of the said Redory, for the Purpofe of redeeming the Land Tax of such Redory.	Ibid*

cxv# An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Townftiip and Parifh of Sea-ton Rofs* in the East Riding of the County of Tori.	Ibid.

txvi. An Ad to enable the Mailer and Brethren of the Hofpital of King James* in Gatefhead* in the County of Durham* to grant Leafcs of Lands thereto belonging, and to enable the Lord Bifhop of Durham to make Statutes and Ordinances for the Government of the said Hofpital.	Ibid*

cxvii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Newmarket and Cum* in the County of Flint.	469

cxviii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Llanarmon,

Llandegla and Bryneglwys* in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint.

Ibid,

cxix. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Fundenhall and AJbwclltborpe* in the County of Norfolk•	Ibid,

cxx. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Stoke Talmage* in the County of Oxford.	Ibid.

exxi. An Ad tor inclosing and embanking Lands within the Town* ihips of iVartoh with Lindeth and Silverdale, in the Parifh of Warton* in the County Palatine of Laneafler.	Ibid.

exxii. An Ad for making and maintaining a Railway from or near the Public Wharf of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal, in the Parifh of Saint John the Evangelijl, in the County of Brecon* to or near to a certain Place called Parton Crqfs, in the Parifh oi EarSJley* in the County of Hereford*	Ibid.

txtiii. An Ad for making a Railway from the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal, in theParifh of f ianwenarlh* to or ne*r to Linn-vihangel Crucornty, in the County of Monmouth.	Ibid,

ixxiv. An Ad for inclosing, draining and embanking J^ands in Brqunion* in the County of Devon.	Ibid.

fxxv. An Ad for more equally aflefiing and colleding the Poor Rates, in the Parifh qf Bromley Saint Leonard* jo the County of Mtddlrfex.	Ibid.

fixvi. An Ad for repairing, enlarging and improving the Parifh • £hjjpph of Hungerford* is the Counties of Berks and Wilts* Ibid.

.	*	3	c*xvii.	An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

cxxvii. An Ad for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Haddington; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour of the said County.	Page	470

Cxxviii. An Ad for incloiing Lands in the Manor of Pudfty, in the Parifh of Calverley, in the Weil Riding of the County of York.

Ibidi

txxix. An Ad for inclosing Lands in, or belonging to the Parifhes of Cni/lor, North Kclfey, South Kclfey, Clixby9 Grajby and Searby cum Owmby, in the County of Lincoln.	Ibid*

cxxx. An Ad for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lauds, in the* several Parifhes of Biddejtone Saint Nicholas, Btddejlone Saint Peters and Slaughtcrford, in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

cxxxi. An Ad for inclosing Qucmmore Moor within and Parcel of the Foreft of Qucmmore, m the Parifh of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lane after.	Ibid.

fcxxxii. An Ad for enlarging the Powers of Two Ads of His pre-fent Majesty, for inclosing and embanking the Marfh called Mall-dracth and Corfddaugau, in the County of Anglefey; and for draining and preserving the inclosed Lowlands contiguous thereto. Ibidi cxxxiii. An Ad for making and maintaining a Railway from or near Spittal, in the County of Durham, to Kelso, in the County of Rox^ burgh / and for erecting and maintaining a Bridge over the River Tweed from the Parifh of Norbam, in the County of Durham, to the Parifh of Coldstream, in the County of Berwick.	Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Ad for providing a Chapel of Eafe and an additional Burial Ground for the Parifh of Saint Mary IJlington9 in the Countv of .  Middlesex.	Ibid.

cxxxv. An Ad for authorising the Payment into the Bank of England, under the Diredion of His Majefly's High Court of Chaneery, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, of the Portions provided for the younger Children of the Moft Honourable Arthur late Marquis of Downshire, by the Mofl Honourable Mary now Marchionefs Dowager of Downjhire and Baronefs Sandy s, by the Settlement made after, in pursuance of Articles executed before their Marriage, and for exonerating the Eitates comprised in the said Articles and Settlement from the fame.	Ibid.

sxxxvi. An Ad for enabling the Archbifiiop of Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leafes of Eflates at Deal and Clisse, in the County of Kent9 belonging to the See of Canterbury ; and for other Purpofes.	471

cxxxvii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Elmfwell9 Great AJhMd, Hunfton and Norton, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid. cxxxviii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Hampton, in the County of .  Middlesex.	Ibid.

cxxxix. An Ad for allotting Lands in the Parifhes of Welle next the Sea, War bam All Sainte9 War bam Saint Mary Magdalen and Warham Saint Mary the Virgin9 in the County of Norfolk. Ibid. cxl« An A£t for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Killington, in the Parifh of Kirk by Loqfdale, in the County of Westmorland. •

Ibid.

txli. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Tilehurfl, in the County of Berks.	Ibid

cxlii. An Ad for inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meju

dows.

\Lccat & Perfonal) ji° GEO* HI. .

dows, Paftures and otherCommonable and Wade Lands in'the feverai, Parifhes of Beenham and Padworth, in Berks.	Png' 471

cxKii. An Act for the Improvement of the Port and Town of Li* verfool, and amending the several Afts relating to the Docks, Quays and other Works belonging to the said Port.	Hid.

cxliv. An Act for making a Harbour and Wet Dock, at or near Sainh Nicholas Bar, in the Parifh of Saint Nicholas and All Saints, in the Ifle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; and for making a> Navigable Canal from the said Harbour to the City of Canterbury.

472

exlv. An Aft to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Kent Water Works to raise a further Sum of Money, and to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for making, the said Water Works, and to extend the fame.	Ibid\

exlvi. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, and otherwise regulating the Police of the Town of Dumfries.

ibid;

oxlrii. An Act for improving the Harbour of Dumfries, and the Na* vigation of the River Nith.	- Ibid.

cxlviii. An Act for extending the Horse Towing Path on the Banks of the River Severn from IVorce/ler Bridge to a certain Place below the City of Glouoejler, called the Lower Parting, fituatc at the Corner of Port ham Mead, in the County of Gloucejler• Ibid. cxlix. An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Parifh of Llanafay in the County of Flint,	Ibid.

cl. An Act for amending an Aft of King Charles the Second, for making the Precinft of Covent Garden Parochial; and forincreafing the Stipends of the Reftor, Curate, Clerk and Sextons of the said Parifh*	Ibid,

cli. An Aft to enable the Veftrymcn of the Parifh of Saint Mary h Bone, in the County of Middlesex, to build a new Parifh Church, and Two or more Chapels; and for other Purpolcs relating thereto.

Ibid.

dir. An Act for repairing the Parifh Church of Stvenoais, in the County of Kent.	473

cliii. An Act for amending an Aft of His present.Majesty, for mpr? equally and effectually aflVfliug and collecting the Poor Rales* within the Parifh of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the County ot .  Middlesex.	^	Ibid.

cliv. An Act for paving, improving and regulating the Streets and Public Places in the Borough and Parilh of Barnjlnble; and for the better Regulation of the present Markets, and providing others therein.	Ibid.

civ. An Act for paving and improving the Streets and other Public Pafiages and Places which are or shall be made upon a Piece of Ground belonging to the Brewers9 Company, in the Parifh of Saint Pamrms, in the County of .  Middlesex.	Ibid.

dvi. An Act for making a Public Carriage Road from Kentifh Town ;j Upper Holloway, in the County of .  Middlesex.	Ibid*

clvii. An Aft/ for making and maintaining a Road from Ightham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Ro^d leading from London to Maidjlone, in the said County.	IbidK

clviii. An Act for repairing the Road through the Parifhes of Sait* Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge and South Mims K ip the Counties of Hertford and .  Middlesex.	Ibid.

a ^	cli*	Ai^

xxvt

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

dix. Afi 'Aft to continue and amend Two Aft* of Hi*- pnefapt Majesty for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall and for amending , certain other Roads pafiingthrough the said Borough and the Pariftt . of Lahhydrotl, in the said County.	Page 473

clx. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor andParilh of Kirtling-ton, in the County of Oxford.	Ibid.

clxi. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifii of New Radnor, in the County of Radnor.	474

dxii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Dolgelley and Llangclynin, commonly called Celynin, in the County of Merioneth.

Ibid.

clxiii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Langfct other-■ wife Langftde, in the Parifh of Peniflon, in the West Kidin

the County of Tori. clxiv. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Burham% in the . County of Kent.	Ibid.

elxv. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Llanartbney,

I.	Ann on, Llandebye and Llanfibangel jfberbytbicl, in the County of Carmarthen.	Ibid»

clxti. An Ad for erecting a Bridge over the River Thamet from or near the Three Cranes, in the Panfhes of Saint James Garlick Hytbc and Saint Martin Vintry, in the City of London,to the oppofite

•	Bank of the said River, in the Parifh of Saint Saviour, in the

County of Surrey j and for making proper Streets and Avenues to communicate therewith.	Ibid.

clxvii. An Ad for making a narigable Canal between the Cities of Bath and Briflol, and also for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the City of Briflol and its Neighbourhood.	549

dxviii. An Ad to vary and alter the Line of a Cut authorized td be made by an Ad ot the Thirty sixth Year of Ilia present Majesty,

•	for making a Canal from the River Exe near Tofjbam, in the County

of Devon, to the River Tone near Tfaunt on, in the County of So-nerfet; and to amend the said Ad.	' Ibid.

clxix. An Ad for Confirming certain Articles of Agreement entered fnto between the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junffion Canal and certain Perfons, for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parifh of Paddington, and the Parifhes and Streets adjacent, in the County of .  Middlesex.	Ibid.

clxx.. An Ad to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to make a Collateral Cut, communicating therewith, in the Parifh of Saint Mary Rotberbithe, in the County of Surrey,' and to enable the said Company to complete the said Canal; and for amending the several Ads relating thereto.	Ibid.

clxxi. An Adt for completing and maintaining The East Country Dock at Rotberbithe, in the County of Surrey.	550

clxxii. An Ad for erecting a new Market Place in the Town or Borough and Manor of Goftort, in the County of Southampton. 574 clxxiii. An Ad for paving and improving the Streets and other public Paflages and Places in the Parifhes of Saint John the Baplijl and Saint BenediB, in the Town of Glastonbury, in the County of Somerset.	Ibid.

clxxiv. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, tor repairing the Road from Doneafitr to

Bawtry, in the County of Tori.

(toed & Per final') 51# GEO. HI.

<iktt/ A* Ad to Amend and render more effectual an Aft of Hi* pdicot Majessy, for making and maintaining a Road from the Borough, of Southwark to the Kent Rood, in the County of Surrey.	Page	574

rfxxvi. An Ad for inclosing certain Lands called Coe otherwise Cow Fen Leye* in the Parilh of Saint Mary the Left, in the Town o{ Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge.	Ibid*

dxxvii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Ttljbeady in the County of Wilts.	57c

dxxriii. An Ad for veiling certain Eftates late of George Hamit* ton* of Tyrella, in the County of Down, in Ireland, Efauire, de« ceased, in Trustees to be fold, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, and for laying out the Surplus of the Monies anting from such Sale in the Purchafe of other Eftates in Ireland* to be fettled to the fane Ufes as the Eftates so fold.	Ibid.

clxxix. An Ad for making, under the Diredion of His Majesty’s High Court of Chancery in Ireland, a Partition of Part of the Jrifb Eftates of the Right Honourable Edward late Earl Beau-lieuy in conformity to an Award therein mentioned. . Ibid clxxx. An Ad for veiling certain Eftates in the County of Tyrone, in Ireland* devised by the Will of Sir George Savile» Baronet, deceased, in Trustees to be fold, and for laying out the Purchafe Money under the Diredion of the High Court of Chaneery, is other Eftates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes.

Ibid.

clxxxi. An Ad to enable the Dean of the Cathedral Church of the Holy *nd Undivided Trinity, Dublin, to accept Surrenders and grant Leafes of certain Lands called The Deads Grange, in the County of Dublin, and to remove Doubts respecting the Validity of Leafes heretofore made thereof.	Ibid

plxxxii. An Ad for enabling the Dean of Windfor and Wolverbamf* tony and fiis Succeffors, to grant Leafes and Licences for opening, and working Mines within the Lands belonging to the Manor of Wolverhamptony and for augmenting the Income of the Sacrift of the Collegiate Church or Royal Free Chapel of Wolvcrbamp* ton.	Ibtd.

dxxxiii. An Ad for veiling in John Theophilus Daubu% Esquire, an undivided Moiety of certain Premifes situate at Low Layton, ia the County of Effcxy and for applying the Purchafe Money in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fubftfting Ufes of the Will of Edward Martin deceased.	Ibid.

iSlxxxiv. An Ad for empowering the Trustees of certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln aod Nottingham* called The Decreed Lands, to make Sale of a fuffi-eieut Part thereof for paying off Incumbrances.	576

flxixv. An Act for veiling Part of the devised Eftates of Henry ■ Vifont deceased, in Trqftces to be fold, aod for laying out tho whole Purchafe Money, under the Diredion of the High Court of Chaneery, in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

clxxxvi. An Ad to enable the Trustees of the Will oi Thomao Peter Leyh Esquire, deceased, to purchase Eftates for the Benefit of their Trull, and to fell certain of the Eftates devised by the Will of the said Thomas Peter Legh, for railing Money to pay foe such purchased Estates, and for re imburftng a Sum expended

«*

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

is the'Redemption of the Land Tax, charged on other* Eft ate* of the laid Thomas Peter Legb.	Tage $76

dxxxvii. An Ad for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Watte Lands in the Parishes of Hornchurch* Romford and Havering* within the Manor and Liberty of Havering atte Bower* in the1 County of EJTtx,	Ibid.

tlxxxviii. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Townfhip of Nor bury* in the Parifh of Stockport, in the County of Chester.	•

Uhl

dxxxix. An Ad for’inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Kingflon* in-* the County of Hereford.	Ibid\

cxc. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Bromham, in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

cxci. An A d for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Minty* in the County of Gloucester.	Ibid,

cxcii. An Ad‘for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Land* in the Parifhes of Great IVymondley, Little Wymondlef* and IppoU Hits* * in the County of Hertford.	Ibid,

cxciii. An Ad to enable the Severn and Wye Railway and Canal . Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Completiort

*	of their Works, and for levying a Tonnage Rate on certain Vefll-Is

and Goods n6«r exempted, and further to	extend	the Powers

granted to the said Company.	577

exciv. An A d for erecting Five	diftind	Redories	and	Parifhes

.within the Redory and Parifh of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland* and for separating the fame from the Redory and Parifh Church of Simonburn* and for providing Parifh Churches, Church Yards, and Parfonage Homes for the fame 5 and-for retraining the Commiflioners and Governors of the Royal

*	Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich* in the County of Kent* from presenting to the Redory of Simonburn* or the said new Redories, any other Perfont than Chaplains in the Royal Navy. /bid.

cxcv. An A6t for conftruding a Harbour at Portbleven in Mounts Bay, in the County of Cornwall	Ibid.

exevi. An A6t for the Improvement of the Harbour of Sutton Pool in the Port of Plymouth* in the County of Devon. Ibid. cxcvii. An Ad for regulating and converting the Statute Services in the County of Perth, and for more effectually making and regulating the Highways, Bridges and Ferries within the said County.

Ibid,

cxcviii. An Ad for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Perth.	Ibid.

exeix. An Ad for establishing a Ferry across the River Thames at Woolwich* in the County of Kent.	Ibid.

ec. An Ad for building a Church in and for the Parifh of Newry% in the Counties of Down and Armagh.	Ibid

ccl An Ad to amend an Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His pre-fent Majessy, for erecting a new Gaol and House of Corredion and new Court Houses, tor the County Palatine of Durham, and making an eaual County Rate for thole Purpofes.	Ibid.

ecii. An Ad tor increafmg the Rates on Coals conveyed on the River Itchin* in the County of Southampton* and for amending and reudering more effectual the several Ads relating thereto. ^78 $cm. An Ad for railing an additional Sum of Money for carrying

*	into Execution the several Ads for widening the Entrance into

the

(Local Iff Perfinal) 510 GEO. III.

the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more cotn-, modious Street at Snow Hill, and for raising Money on the Credit of the Orphans Fund for those Purposes, and for extending the Powers of the said Ads.	Page	578

cciv. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers df an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bawtry to Stlbfi in the West. Riding of the County of Tork.	Ibid.

ccv. An Ad for repealing an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing and maintaining the Road from the Eyncsjord Turnpike Road, in the Parilh of Shorebam, in the County of Kent% to the Turnpike Road in the Parifh of Farnborough,' leading from Sevenoabs to Bromley, in the said County.	Ibid.

ccvi. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Brick Kilns on East Mailing Heath to Pembury Green, and from Bran bridges to the Four Wcnts, in the County of Kent; and for making a Road therefrom into the Mereworlh and jHad low Road, in the fame County.	Ibid.

tern. An Ad to confirm certain Articles of Agreement between the Moft Noble John Duke of Htholl, the Right Honourable Edward Earl of Derby, the Right Reverend Claudius Lord Bifttop of Sodor and Many the Honourable Edward Stanley commonly called Lord Stanley, the Reverend Daniel Mylrea, William Scott, John Cofnahan, and the Clergy of the Isle of Man ; and for other Purpofes.	Ibid.

ccviii. An Ad for extinguishing all Rights of Common and other Rights in respect to the Glebe Land belonging to the Church of HarthilU in the County of Cbejler, in, upon or under the tin-inclofed Wafte Lands in the Townfhip of HarthilU in the fame County; and such other Lands in the fame Townfhip as have been heretofore inclosed, and taken from the Wafte Lands in the fame Townfhip ; and for veiling z. Piece or Parcel of Land, called Hook Loont, situate in the fame Townfhip (fubjed as therein mentioned) in the very Reverend Hugh Cholmondeley, and his Sue* ce flora, perpetual Curates of Hart hill aforesaid, in lieu and Satisfaction of such Rights.	Ibid.

ccix. An Ad for confirming certain Building Leafes of Lands iti Newington, in the County of Surrey, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, jointly with their LefTee, Thomas Brandon Esquire, not warranted by the Provifions of an Ad made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for empowering the said Dean and Chapter, and their Leflees for the Time being of their Eftates in Newington, to grant Building Leafes of Parts of the said Premises; and for other the Purpofes therein mentioned.	'	579

$cx. An Ad for veiling in the Trustees of the Charity Schools of the Parifh of Saint Mary Matfelon otherwise Whitechapel, in the Couuty of Middlefcx, the legal Eftate of Two undivided Third Parts belonging to the said Charity Schools in a Farm and Lands at Sandon and Much Baddowf in the County of EJftxt and to enable the said Trustees to perfect a Partition of the laid Farm and Lands, and for other Purpofes.	Ibid.

ccxi. An Ad for veiling certain Part* of the entailed Eftates of Thomaa Graham Efquire in Trustees in Trull, to fell the fame.

xxvii

fXVW

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

and to apply the Money to arise by fu?h Sale in purehafing die Debts and Incumbrances affecting certain Lands belonging to the laid Thomas Graham in Fee Simple, and thereafter to entail those Lands, freed from Incumbrances, in lieu of those Parts of the entailed Eftates hereby directed to be i$ld.	Page yjcp

Vcxii. An Act for veiling in the surviving Trustees of the Will of John Wallinger Arnold Wallinger Esquire, deceased, in ancient Demesne, to be holden of the Liberty, Honour, or Manor of Havering atte Bower, in the County of Essex, a certain Eftate called Hare Hall, in Truft to fell.	Ibid.

9cxiii. An Act for veiling in Trustees the Two undivided Six-teenth Parts, and One thirty second Part, late of John Ulric Collins Esquire, deceased, of a certain MefTuage, Farm and Lands, in the Parilhes of Tottenham and Edmonton, in the County of Middlcfix, in Trust, to convey the fame, respectively, unto William Horton Esquire, a9 to certain Parts thereof; and as to the remaining Parts to James Clark Esquire, upon Payment by them, re* fpeftively, of a certain Sum of Money for the Purchafe of the fame, and for investing such Monies in the* Purchafe of Lands and Hereditaments in the Names of the Trustees, for the Benefit of Charlotte Collins, the Widow, and of the infant Children of the said John Ulric Collins, the Dfevifees named in his Will. Ibid. ccxiv. An Act for exchanging an Eftate belonging to Michael Hicks Beach Esquire, in Fee, for Part of his Eftate under Settlement.

580

eexv. An Act for effeftuating an Exchange between WiWtam Squire Esquire, and William Thomas Squiref an Infant, of a Fee Simple Estate, belonging to the said William Squire, and situate in the Parilh of Taxley, in the County of Huntingdon, for an undivided Moiety belonging to the said William Thomas Squire, in certain Public Houles and Lands situate in the several Counties of Northampton, Lincoln, Huntingdon, and the I lie of Ely in Cam* bridgejhire.	Ibid.

eexvi. An Aft to friable the Trustees of certain Lands, called The Stone Fields, situate in the Parilh of Saint Mary IJlington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leafes thereof. Ibid. ccxvii. An Act for inciofing Lands in the Parilh of Drayton, in the County of Berks.	Hid\

ccxviii. An Act for inciofing Lands in the United Parilhes of Sul-bamflead Abbotts and Sulham/lead Bannifier otherwise Meales, in the County of Berks.	Ibid,

ccxix. An Act for inciofing Lands in the Parilhes of Great Wadding* field cum Chilton and Great Coniard, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid• eexx. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Kent Road, in the County of Surrey, to Deptford, in- the County of Kent, and a Breach therefrom to Horfieydown, in the laid County of Surrey.	Ibid,

ccxxi. An Act for dividing, and exonerating from Tythes certain Lands in the Parilh of Ecclesfield\ apd West Riding of the County pf Tori.	Ibid.

LCCAtf

(Local tsf Perfonal, not printed) 51* GEO. Ill*

»1X

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS'

N&T PRINTED.

*. A N Ad for inclosing l*ands in the. Parties of Brilley, Eardif TjL ley and Huntington, in the County of Hereford

2.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Matftfkall Bergh9 in the County of Norfolk. .

3.	An Ad for inclosing the Commons and Wade Lands in the Town ships or Hamlets of Over Stonnall and Lynn, Lower Ston• nail and Thornes, Shevjlone, Woodend, and Foot her ley. Little Hay, Chefierjuld, and Little AJlon, in the Manors of Shenjlone and Little Atony in the Parifh of Shenjlone, in the County of Stafford.

4.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Caboume, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes

5.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Overbury9 in the County of Worceter.

i' Ana for making Compenfation for Tithes or inclosing Lands in the Manor of Thoralby, and Parifh of Aifgarth, in the North Riding of the County of Tork.

7.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the rarifh of Stradbrooke, in the County of Suffolk.

8.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Bathley otherwise Bale, in the County of Norfolk.

9.	An A& for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Barney, in the County of Norfolk.

10.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Marloes, in the County of Pembroke.

II.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Thrujlhorpe and Hannah cum Hagnaby, in the County of Lincoln*

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes 12. An Ad for inclosing Lands in Grjfenhall, East Bilney and Great Bittering, in the County of Norfolk.

1%. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the rarifh of Hail, in the County . of Cumberland•

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

14.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Threapland, ia the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compenfation for Tubes.] ij. An Ad to amend an Ad (a) of His present Majesty, tor in-clofing Lands in Chapel AHerton, in the West Riding of the County of Tork.

16.	An Ad for dividing Lands in the Parifh of Powerjlocl, in the County of Dorfct.

17.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Welborne, in the County of Norfolk.

18.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Booton, in the County of Norfolk.

<9. An Ad for inclosing Land* in the Parifh of Great Snoring, in the County of Norfolk.

{a) £48 Gs

no. An

, The TITLES of the STATUTES,

20.	An Act for inclosing Bailey Hope Passure, in the Parifli of Bew-castle, in the County of Cumberland'.

21.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of. Riglton, in the East Riding of the County of Tork.

[And/hr making Compenfation for Tithes.]

22.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Sbapwick, in the County of Dorfct.

23.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parities of Fouljbam and Themelthorpe, in the County of Norfolk.

24.	An Act for inclosing a certain Open Field called Mints Feet, in

. the Parifh of Ktrkby in Kendal, in the County of Weflmoreland.

25.	An Aft to diflfolve the Marriage of William Doidge Taunton with Henrietta Taunton his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

26.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Allenfmore, in the County of Hereford.

27.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of\AJkham Bryanf in the County of the City of Tork.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.']

28.	An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parifh of Croxton, in the County of Cambridge.

29.	An Act for inclosing Lands m the Parifh of Famborougb, in the County of Southampton.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

30.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pari flies of Hindolvefion,

. Swanton Novers and Wood Norton, in the County of Norfolk.

31.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Wejlerdale, in' the North Riding of the County of Tork.

32.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Great Brough-tan, in the North Riding of the County of Tork.

33.	An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in

J the Parifh of AJhby juxta Partney, in the County of Lincoln.

34.	An Act for inclosing Bawdfey Common, m the County of Suffolk.

35.	An Act for inclosing Lands in. the Parifhes of North and Middle Littleton, and South Littleton, in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

36.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Longflanton All Saints, in the County of Cambridge.

37.	An Act for inclosing Lands in Wymington, in the County of Bedford.

[And for snaking Compenfation for Tithes.]

38.	An Act for inclosing Lands iu the Parifhes of Cheddar, Priddy

■ and Rodney Stoke, in the County of Somerset.

39* An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Stalbridge, in the County of Dorset.

40.	An Act for allotting Lands in the Parifh of Shepreth, in the County of Cambridge.

41.	An Act for inolofing Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Caverf wall, in the County <3 Stafford.

42.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Perry Barr, in the County of Stafford.

43.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tythings or Hamlets of 1'balcham Borough, Hen wick, Collhrop, Parfonage -and Awbery

Streep

{Local& Perforial) not printed) 5 f GEO. IIL

Sinet, and a certain Common called Hdm Marjh9 in the Tithing of Grtenham, in the Parifh of Thatchamf in the County of Berk*.

44.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Pari flies of Drayton and Bawburgb, in the County of Norfolk, and in the Parifh and Hamlet of Hellefdon, in the fame County and in the County of the City of Norwich.

45.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of W'tckhampton, in the County of Norfolk.

46.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Ciifton9 in the County of IVeJImoreland.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

47.	An Ad for inclosing Butler's Wood, in the Parifh of Lockerlyt in the County of Southampton.

48.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor of High Ireby, in the Parifh of Ireby, in the Couuty of Cumberland.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.1

49.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Aberdaron, and other Parifhes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Carnarvon.

[Allotment to His Majesty ]

50.	An Ad for indoling Lands in the Parifh of Eaf Down, in the County of Devon.

51.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in Pagbill, otherwise Pauli, in the East Riding of the County of York.

52.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Great Everfdem and Little Ev erf den, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compenfation for Tit bee. No Ltafe of Vicar's Allotment without Confent of the King, as Patron of the Vicarage of the Parifh Church of Great EverfdenJ\

53.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in Hungerford, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts.

54.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Battlejballt within the Liberties of the Borough of Colchefiert in the County of Effex.

55.	An Ad for inclosing Lauds in the Parifh of Hey bridge9 in the County of EJfex.

56.	An Ad for* allotting Lands in the Parifh of Great Bradley* in the County of Suffolk.

57.	An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Llanfhangd Rhofycorn, and Llanybyther, in the County of Carmarthen.

58.	Au Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Brinkley^ in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes

59. An Ad for .inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Churchill> in the County of Worcester. »

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes. ]

Co. An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Wheatacre Burgh otherwise Burgh Saint Peter» in the County of Norfolk.

61.	An Ad for inclbling Lands in the Hamlet of FiddingOont in the

Parifh of AJhchurch, in the County of Gloucester.	~

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes. _ No Leaf* of Vtcat of Tewkefbury’s Allotment without Confent of the King as Patron of (he said Vicar age.

62.	An Ad for enabling the acting Trustees and Executors of the Will of Chaloner Areedeckne Esquire, respectively to invest the Mosses by such Will directed to be in veiled in the Purchafe of

•j	freehold

tXxxs

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

lfreehold Hereditaments in Suffolk, in the Purchase of Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments in the fame County.

63.	An A A for settling and securing certain Parts of the Saroaf and Eftate of Logie Elpbinffone, in the County of Aberdeen* to and in favour of Robert Dalrymple Horn Elpbinjlone Esquire, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by certain Deeds of Entail made by John Horn of that Ilk, deceased, and under the Condi* tions and Limitations fpeciiied in the said Deeds; and, in lieu thereof, for veiling certain Parts of the Barony and Eftate of Horn9 lying in the said County, in the said Robert Dalrymple Horn £l-pbinjlone, and the Series of Heirs deferibed in the .Marriage Contrail between him and Greme Dalrymple Horn Elpbinjlone his Wife.

64.	An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Eftates in the County

' of Glamorgan, Part of the Eftates fettled pursuant to the Will of

Thomas Pryce Esquire, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sales in the rurchafe of more convenient Eftates to be fettled to the former Ufes; and for other Purpofes.

C5. An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange of Glebe Lands belonging to the Re&ory of Little Plumjlcad» with the Reftory of Witton with Brun Jail annexed, in the County of Norfolk, for Lands of Charles Wbaiter Esquire, in the Pariihes of Little Plumjlead, Great Plumjlcad and Wit ton, in the fame County.

66.	An Act for indofiug Lands in the Parifh of Harefield, in the County of .  Middlesex.

67.	An Aft to empower the Mailer, Brothers and Sifters of the Royal Hofpital or Free Chapel of Saint Katherine, near the Tower of London, to fell a certain Piece or Parcel of Land with the Appurtenances, situate and being in the Parifh of Stepney otherwise Stchonhcath, in the County of Middlesex, unto William Mtlli/h, of Shadwell, in the laid County of Middlesex, Esquire, and to apply the Money arising upon such Sale in the Purchafc of other Lands, to be subject to the like Ufes.

<68. An Act for enabling the Co-heireffes of Edward Sulyarde Ef-quire, deceased, and their Hufbanda, to pay the Sum of Three tnoufand Pounds for the Benefit of His Majesty, in Satisfaction of the Claim of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, to the Manor and Eftate of Hauqhley, in the County of Suffolk.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Chaddleworth, in the County of Berks.

70.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Eardisland, in the County of Hereford.

71.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Sway Quarr, Sway Romfty and A me wood, in the Pariihes of Boldrc and Hordle, in the County of Southampton.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes

*7*. An Aftforconfuming and eftablifiling theDivifion aad Allotment of a certain Common or Parcel of Wafte Land, called Marfan Common? within the Parifh of Pembridge, in the County of Hereford.

An Aft to diftblve the Marriage of the Right Honourable Val;n-tine Browne Lord Clonelurry with Eliza Georgiana Lady Clon-evrry, his now Wife* and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

74- An Aft to enable JViUiam Butcher (now called William Rodbard) Esquire, and hie Ifsue, to use the Surname and Arms of Rodbardf pursuant to the Will of Hbnry Rodbard Esquire, deceased.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GtORGII III. Britanniarum Regis,

Quiiiquagefimo Prinio.

4	\ T the Parliament begun and holden at fVeJlminfltT^ the Twenty

*	Xjl second Day of June, Anno Domini 1807;	F°rty	lcventh

4 Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third,

*	by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain 4 and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith ; and from thence con-4 tinued, by several Prorogations and Adjournments, to the Fifteenth 4 Day of January 1811, being the Fifth Seflion of the Fourth Par-

*	liaxncnt of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and IrelandI

CAP. I.

An A£t to provide for the Adminiftration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Perfon, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illnefs \ and for the Refumption of the Exercife of the Royal Authority by His Majesty.	[5th	February	18 i I.]

« YY7HEREAS by reason of the severe Indifpofition with which

*	VV it hath pleased God to afflict the King’s Mod Excellent 4 Majesty, the Perfonal Exercife of the Royal Authority by His 4 Majesty is, for the present, so far interrupted, that it becomes ne-

*	cenary to make Provifion for assisting His Majesty in the Adminif-4 tration and Exercife of the Royal Authority, and alfoforthe Care

*	of his Royal Perfon during the continuance of His Majefty's In-4 disposition, and for the Refumption of the Exercife of the Royal 4 Authority by His Majesty Be it therefore enabled by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That His Royal Prince of Walts Highnefs George Augvftus Frederick Prince of IVales shall have full appointed Power and Authority, in the Name and on the Behalf of His

Majesty, and under the Stile and Title of 4t Regent of the United 4‘ Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandf to exercise and administer the Royal Power and Authority to the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland belonging, and to use, execute and perform-all Authorities, Prerogatives, Adts of Government and Adminiftration of the fame, which lawfully belong to the Kiog of the feid.United Kingdom to use, execute and perform ; subject to such Limitations, Exceptions, Regulations and Reftridtions, as are hereinafter specified and contained ; and alland.every Act and AdtswhicK shall be done by the said Regent, in the Name and on the Behalf of jrGso.111'	B	Hit

A.D.1811.

£orm of Signature of Regent.

When Powers of Ad to cease.

Ads of Regent to remain, unlcf's countermanded by His Majesty.

C.I.	5	»•	GEO. III.

His Majesty, by virtue and in pursuance of this AH, and according to the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in him, shall have the fame force and EffeH to all Intents and Purpofes as the like Alls would have if done by His Majesty himself, and shall to all Intents and Purpofes be full and sufficient Warrant to all Perfons ailing under the Authority thereof; and all Perfons shall yield Obedience thereto, and carry the fame into EffeH, in the fame mapner and for the fame Purpofes as the fame Perfons ought to yield Obedience to and carry into EffeH the like Alts done by His Majesty himself; any Law, Courfe of Office, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwith-ilanding.

II.	And be it further cnaHed, That as to all Authorities given and Appointments made in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, and all other AHs, Matters and Things usually done under the Authority of the Royal Sign Manual, the Signature of the Regent in the Form following ; that is to fay, George P. R. or in cases where the Royal Signature has usually been affixed in Initials only, then in the Form G. P. R., shall be as valid andf effeHual, and have the fame Force and EfFelt as His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, and shall be deemed and taken to be to all Intents and Purpofes His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, and be obeyed as such.

Ill* And be it further enaHed, That when His Majesty shall by. the Bleffing of God be restored to such a State of Health as to be capable of resuming the Perfonal Exercife of his Royal Authority, and shall have declared his Royal Will and Pleafure thereupon, as hereinafter provided, all and every the Powers and Authorities given by this AH, for the Exercife and Adminiftration of His Royal Power and Authority, or for the using, executing and performing the Authorities, Prerogatives, Alls of Government and Adroioiftration of the fame, which belong to the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to use, execute and perform, or for the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Perfon, shall cease and determine; and no AH, Matter or Thing, which, under this AH, and previous tq such Declaration might be done in the Adminiftration of His Majesty’s Royal Power and Authority, or in the using, exercising or performing any such Authorities, Prerogatives, AHs of Government or AdminiU tration as aforesaid, or in the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Perfon, by. virtue and in pursuance of this AH, shall, if done after such Decla-. ration of His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, be thenceforth valid or effeHual.

IV* Provided always, and be it further enaHed, That all Perfons holding any Offices or Places, or Penfions during His Majesty’s Pleasure, at the time of such Declaration, under any Appointment or Au* thority of the Regent, or Her Majesty, under the Provifions of this AH, shall continue to hold the fame, and to use, exercise and enjoy all the Powers, Authorities, Privileges and Emoluments thereof, not-* with (landing such Declaration of the Refumption of the Royal Authority by His Majesty, unless and until His Ms^efty shall declare hit Royal Will and Pleafure to the contrary; and all Orders, AHs of Government or Adminiftration of His Majesty’s Royal Authority, made, ifTued or done by the said Regent, before such Declaration,' shall be and remain in full Force and EffeH, until the fame shall be countermanded by His Majefty*

V. Prt.

A.D.iSn.

3

51° GEO. lit.	C.i.

V.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Afts of In what cifo

Regal Power, Prerogative, Government or Adrainiftration of Go.	of

▼ernraent, of what Kind or Nature soever, which might lawfully be *enl v done or executed by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, personally exercising his Royal Authority, shall, during the Continuance of the Regency by this Aft established, be valid and effectual, unless done

and executed m the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, by the Authority of the said Regent, according to the Provifions or thii Aft, and subject to the Limitations, Exceptions, Regulations and ReftridBons hereinafter contained,

VI.	And be it further enabled. That the said Regent, before he Regent to tales

flail aft or enter upon his said Office of Regent, shall take the fol-the following lowing Oaths:	0ath#-

4	J DO sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful and 4 bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George.

4	So help me GOD/ '

‘ T DO solemnly promise and swear. That I will truly and faith* f * fully execute the Office of Regent of the United Kingdom of 4 Great Britain and Ireland, according to an Aft of Parliament palled 4 in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the 4 Third, intituled. An Aft [here infertile Title of this Atf] ; and that 4 I will admioifter, according to Law, the Power and Authority 4 veiled in me by virtue of the said Aft $ and that 1 will in all Things^

4	to the utraoft of my Power and Ability, consult and maintain the 4 Safety Honour and Dignity of His Majesty and the Welfare of 1 4 his People.	So	help	me GOD/

4	T DO faithfully promise and swear, That I shall inviolably main-4 * tain andpreferve the Settlement of the true Proteftant Religiorf,

4 with the Government, Worship, Difcipline* Rights and Privileges 4 of the Church of Scotland, as established by the Laws made there 4 in Prosecution of the Claim of Right, and particularly by an Aft,

4 intituled. An Act for securing the Protejlant Religion, and Prejby-4 terian Church Government, and by the Afts passed in the Parlia-1 toent of both Kingdoms, for Union of the Two Kingdoms.

4 So help -me GOD/

Which Oaths shall be taken before His Majefty's most Honourable Privy Couneil; who are hereby required and empowered to admi-nifter the fame, and to enter the fatye in the Books of the said Privy Council

VII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Regent shall, at Regent on taking the time of bis taking such Oaths as aforesaid, and before the Mem- Oaths, to rubbers of the Privy Council administering the fame, make, subscribe,

and audibly repeat the Declaration mentioned in an Act made in the SSTarol** Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled. An AS for the produce Ceitifi-uore efeffualpreferring the King’s Perfon and Government, by dtfabling cate of hiving Papijts from fitting in either House of Parliament; and ftiall produce a taken the Saart*. Certificate of his having received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper m#nc-in any of the Royal Chapels, signed by the Perfon administering tho feme; which Certificate shall be sufficient Evidence of the laid Regent's having received the Sacrament; and such Declaration and Certificate shall respectively be registered in the Books of the Privy Council.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That until after the Provifo as to Fid-Day of February One thoufaod efghf hundred and twelve, if Regent trancing

Bl	Pariia-	P®ens«^kc*

C i.

51° GEO. III.

A.D.i8it»

Parliament, shall be then assembled, and shall have been • fitting for Six .Weeks immediately previous to the said First Day of February One thoufond eight hundred and twelve, or if Parliament shall be then aUernbled, but shall not have been so fitting for Six Weeks, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after Parliament shall have £eea so assembled and been fitting; or if Parliament shall no£ then be assembled, then until the Expiration of Six Weeks after Parliament shall have been assembled and fitting, next after the said First t)ay of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the Regent shall not have or exercise any Power or Authority to grant, in the Namo aud on the Behalf of His Majesty, any Rank, Title or Dignity of the Peerage, by Letters Pateut, Writ of Summons, or any other manner whatever, or to summon any Perfoo to the House of Lords by any Title to which such Perfon shall he the.Heir Apparent, or to determine the Abeyance of any Rank, Title or Dignity of Peerage, which now is or hereafter shall be in Abeyance, in favour of any of the Coheirs thereof by Writ of Summons, or other-wife.

As » Regent IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Regent grantin ' Offices	not|	uutjj after	J)ay	Qf	February	One	thoufand

E^oepdoa°n>&C* c*gbt hundred and twelve, or the Expiration of such Six Weeks as a fore la id,' have Power or Authority to grant, in the Name or on the Behalf of His Majesty, any Office or Employment whatever, in Re-werfion, or to grant for any longer Term than during His Majesty’s Pleafune, any Office, Employment, Salary or Penfion whatever, except such Offices and Employments in Poffeffion for the Term of the natural Life, or during the good Behaviour of the Grantee or Grantees thereof refpeftiveiy, as by Law mu ft be so granted : Provided always, that nothing herein contained, shall in any manner affect or extend to prevent or restrain the granting of any Penfions under the JProvifiona of an Aft passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign 39 G.3-C. ixo. of His present Majesty, intituled, yin A3 for the Augmentation of the [Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hally and also of jhe Lords of Scffion, Lords Comrriffioncrs of Jufticiary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland ; and for enabling His Majesty to grant An-•nuities to Perfons ii certain Offices in the said Courts of Weftmin-ftcr Hall, on their Reftgnation of their refpeSivc Offices ; and of another Aft passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, 48 G. 3. 145. .An A3 for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Judges of the Courts of Stffion, Jufticiary and Exchequer in Scotland, upon , the Re-fignat:ou of their Offices ; and of another Aft passed in Ireland, in the 46 G. 3. (J.) c. Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An A3 to enable His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Lord High Chan-'celiar, and to the Judges of the Court of King9! Bench, Mqfier of the Rolls, Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer, Judge or Comm if ary of the Court of Prerogative, the Judge of the Court of Admiralty, the Chairman of the Quarter Srjfions of the County of Dublin, and Affiant Barrifters of the several other Counties, on the Re-- .Jjgualicn of their resp:3ive Of ices ; and to amend an A3 passed in the Thirty ftxth Tear of His present. Majesty, intituled, An A3 for encreaftng ’the SalarifiA[ of the Chief and other Judges of the Courts of King9t Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom ; or to prevent or restrain the granting of any Peufidns- out of the Revenues of the British Ter-\	..	..	.	•	ritoriea

Provifo.

A.D.iBii*

5

51® GEO. nr.	C.i.

ritories in the East Indies, under the Provifions of any Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force, to such Pcrfens as may hare held the Office df Chief Juftice or other Judge in the Supreme Courts of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal and at Madras, and the Office of Recorder of Bombay •

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Provifo at to Act contained, shall in any manner affect or extend to prevent or re- granting of Pen* strain the granting of any Penfions under the Provifions of an Aft '*???*£\ passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, c *2*' intituled, yin As for the belter Regulation of His Majejly's Prize 43 G. 3. c. 160. Courts in' the West Indies and America, and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals* and of another Aft passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, 45 G. 3. c. 7* and for the better and more effectual manning His Ma] cfly's Navv ; for-regulating the Payment of Prize Money, and fir making Provifxon for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the IJland 0/Malta, and in the Bermudas and Bahama I thuds ; and also of another Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, andfor the letter and more effectually manning of His MajeJlyys Navy.

XI And be it enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained /hall f*e™?®"*** extend or be conftruedto extend to empower the said Regent, in the ing. ef*ntR ^ Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, to give the Royal Affent Client to repeal to any Bill or Bills in Parliament, sots repealing, changing, or in any J2 Se 13 W-refpeft varying the Order and Courfe'of Spcceffion to the Crown of c. a, this Realm, as the fame stands now eftabh/hed by an Aft passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled.

An AB for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better fecuring

the Rights and Liberties of the Subject f or to any Aft for repealing

or altering the Aft made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reig;i of

King Charles the Second, intituled, An Ad for the'Uniformity of 13 Car. 2. c. 4,

Public Prayers and Adminiflration of Sacraments, and other Rites

and Ceremonies, and for ejlabUJhing the Form of making, ordaining

and consecrating Bijhops, Pricfls and Deacons in the Church of Eng-'

land; or the Aft of the Fifth Year of the R^ign of Queen Annej

made in Scotland, intituled. An Ad for securing the Protejlant Reli- Scotch Aft.

gion and Prefbyterian Church Government.

XII.' Provided also, and be it endfted. That if Hrs said Royal Regent refilling Higbnefs George Augujlus Frederick Prince of Wales shall not continue *n the Kingdom^ to be resident in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,' Marrying a Pa-or shall at any time marry a Papict, then and in either pf such cases, ^ all the Powers and Authorities veiled in His said Royal Highncfs by this Aft, shall cease and determine.

4 XIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Care of His Majcfty’s Cireof HisMa-* • Royal Perfon should be committed to the Qnern’s Moll Excellent* jedy’s Perfon,

4 Mhefty, together with the foie Direction of such Pprtion of His an<|

4 Majesty’s Houfehold as shall be deemed requisite and suitable for 4 the due Attendance on His Majesty’s Sacred Perfon, and the Main- Majefty’*

4 tcnance of his Royal Dignity ;* Be it therefore enacted. That the Houichoid, veft-

Care of His Majesty’s Royal Perfon, and the difposing, ordering and

managing of-nil Matters and Things relating thereto,’(hall be* and^

the fame are hereby veiled in the Queen’s Moll Excellent Majesty,'

iuringj the Contimiance_of His Majelly’s Indifpoikion ; ar.d that th«

A.D.i8ix.

Ct.

51' GEO. 111.

foie Dire&ion of His Majesty’s Houfehold, except the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houfehold, the Captain of the Yeomen of His Majesty’s Guard, and the Captain of the Honourable Band of Gentlemen Penfioners. shall be and is hereby veiled in Her Majesty ; and Her said Majesty shall have the full and foie Power and Authority, by any Inftrument or Inllruments in Writing signed and sealed by Her Majesty, to nominate and appoint, in case of any Vacancies arising by Refignation or Death, all the Officers and Perfons belonging to His Majesty’s Houfehold, in the refpettive Departments thereof whose Appointment, Nomination or Removal have heretofore been made by His Majesty; except the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houfehold, and the Gentlemen and Grooms of His Majesty’s Bedchamber, His Majesty’s Equerries, the Captain of the Yeomen of His Majesty’s Guard, and the Captain of the Honourable Band of Gentlemen Penfioners ; and the^ Nomination and Appointment by Her Majesty, in Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been made or done by His Majesty in the accustomed manner; and the several Perfons so appointed mall be entitled to the like Precedence, Privileges, Salaries, Wages, Profits and all other Emoluments, as the several Perfons now holding and enjoying the fame Offices are respectively entitled to : Provided always, that the Power and Authority given by this A£t to Her Majesty, to nominate and appoint such Perfons of His Majesty’s Houfehold as are not hereinbefore excepted, shall continue in force until the said first Day of February, or the Expiration of such Six Weeks as aforesaid, and no longer : Provided also, that Her said Majesty shall not have any Power or Authority to remove any Officer in any Department of His Majefty's Houfehold, by this A6t made subject to the Nomination or Appointment of Her Majesty, who shall have been nominated and appointed by His Majesty: Pro* vided also. That until the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, no Appointment shall be made to the Office of Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houfehold, now vacant, but that all the Duties of the said Office shall be performed by the Vice Chamberlain ; and that during such Period as aforesaid, no Perfon holding the Office of Gentleman or Groom of His Majesty’s Bedchamber, or being One of His Majesty’s Equerries, shall be subject to be removed; and no Vacancy which shall arise by Death or Refignation of any of the Grooms or Gentlemen of His Majesty’s Bedchamber, or of His Majesty’s Equerries, shall be supplied or filled up, or any Appointment or Nomination made to supply any such Vacancy.

£IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall HoufchoU male- not be lawful for any Officer in His Majesty’s Houfehold who roentfc*01111" *8 ^7	Put	un^cr	t^ie	Hire&ion	of Her Majesty, to make any

Appointment to any Office to which such Officer may have the Power of Appointment for any longer Period than during His Majesty’s Pleafure.

Council appoint- « XV. And whereas the Execution of the weighty and arduous •d to affilt Her Majesty.



Frovif*

provifo

Officers of

in order to assist and advise Her said Moft Excellent Majesty m the several Matters aforesaid, there shall be, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illncft, ft Couneil, confiding of Claries Lord Arch-

bifhop

A.D.1811.

Cl.

1

51* GEO. HI.

hi/hop of Canterbury, Edward Lord Archbifliop of Tork, James Duke of Montrose, George Earl of Winchclfca and Nottingham, He-neage Earl of Aylesford, John Lord Eldon, Edward Lord EHen-borough, and the Right Honourable Sir William Grant; which Council shall from time to time meet as Her Majesty shall be pleased to direct, and shall also Have Power to meet in manner by this Alt direlted ; and if it should happen that any of them the said Charles Lord Archbifliop of Canterbury, Edward Lord Archbifhop of Tork, James Duke of Montrose, George Earl of Winchelfea and Nottingham, Heneage Earl of Aylesford, John Lord Eldon, Edward Lord Ellenbo-rough, or the Right Honourable Sir William Grant, should depart this Life, or by Inftrument in Writing communicated to Htr Majesty, signify their Intention to decline to ad, then and in such Cafe it Hull be lawful for the Queen’s Moft Excellent Majesty, from time to time, by an Inftrument in Writing ligned and sealed by Her Majesty, revocable at her Will and Pleaiure, to nominate and appoint some one Perfon, being or having been a Member of His Majefty9# Moft Honourable Privy Couneil, to be a Member of the said Couneil, to advise and af&ft Her Majesty as aforesaid, in the Room and Place of each and every of the said Councillors so departing this Life, or declining to ad as aforesaid; which Nomination and Appointment shall be forthwith certified by an Inftrument in Writing, iigned and sealed by Her Majesty, to the Lords of His Majesty’s Moft Honourable Privy Couneil, and shall be entered in the Books of the said Privy Council.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That each and every Member of Her Majesty’s Council shall, within the Space of Five Davs after his Appointment by virtue of this Ad, or by virtue of Her Majesty’s Nomination and Appointment in manner aforesaid, take an Oath before the Lord High Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal, or Commiffionexa for keeping the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Lord President of His Majesty’s Privy Couneil, or the Chief Juftice of the Court of King’s Bench, for the time be^ng respectively, or either of them, who are hereby severally and respectively required and empowered to administer the fame, when required so to do by any Perfon so appointed a Member of Her Majesty’s Council as aforesaid ; and the Perfon adtniniftering such Oath, shall give to the Member of Her Majeftv’s Council taking the fame, a Certificate of the fame having been lo taken, figped with his Hand; which Certificate shall be forthwith transmitted to His Majesty’s Privy Couneil, and entered in the Books of the said Privy Couneil; and such Oath shall be in the Form following; that is to fay,

4 T A. B. do solemnly promise and swear, That I will truly and 4 * faithfully comifel and advise the Queen’s Moft Excellent Majesty,

4 according to the heft of my Judgment, in all Matters and Things 4 relating to the Trufts committed to Her Majesty, touching the 4 Care of His Majesty’s Royal Perfon, and the Refumption of the 4 Perfonal Exercife of the Royal Authority by His Majesty.9

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That Her Majefty9! Couneil, or any Three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority at all times, when they shall judge it necessary, to meet, and call before them and examine upon Oath, the Phyficians and all other Perfons attendant on His Majesty, during the Contiuuaace of his Illnefs,

B 4	touching

Members of He* Majesty’s Council to take Oath.

Oath.

Her Majefty*# Count il may examine the Phyficians ant others upon Oath.

A.D.i&i r.

("tf

51* GEO. HI.

Council to meet, and declare S:ati of* His

H< alth ; Copy of Declaration transmitted to President of Privy Council.

Her Majesty and Com cil to notify His Ma-jellv’s Keftora-tion to Health,

to b* entered in Bo< ks of 1’iivy Council.

After such Entry, His Majesty may. hy Sii*n lV’an> al, require Privy Council to ' atlemblv.

touching the State of His Majefty’6 Health ; and all Matters relating

thereto (which Oath any Member of the said Council is hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter) ; and to afeertain the State of His Majesty’s Health by. all such other ways and means as shall appear to them to be necessary for that Purpofe.

XVIII.	And .be it further ena&cd, That Three or more of the Members of the Council appointed to afiift Her Majesty in the Execution of the Trufts committed to Her Majesty by this Act, shall, in case such Trufts shall then be in. force, meet on some Day in the licit. Week in April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and some Day in the^irft Week of every Third Month thereafter; and shall, wliillt the faid'Trufts shall continue in force at every such Meeting, declare the State of His Majesty’s Health at the time of each of such Meetings respectively, and shall forthwith transmit a Copy of such Declaration to the President of His Majesty’s Moft Honourable Privy Couneil, or in his Abfence to one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, who shall thereupon cause the fame to be infla ted in the Books of the Privy Council.

‘ XIX. And whereasit is necessary that effectual Provifion should < be made that His Majesty may resume the Perfonal Exercife of his

*	Royal Authority, as soon as His Majesty is restored to such a State

•	of Health as to be capable of refuuiing the fame ;’ Be it therefore enacted, That when it ftiall appear to Her Majesty the Queen, and to any Four or more of the Couneil, appointed by this A£t to afiift Her Majesty in the Execution of the Truft committed to Her Majesty by this Aaffcmbled at any Meeting held in pursuance of Her Maiefty’s Royal Will and Pleafure signified for that Purpose, qr assembled under the Direction cf this Adt, or in pursuance of His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleafure signified to Her Majesty and her Council for that Purpose; which Council of Her Majesty is hereby required to assemble in the Prefence of Her Majesty, upon His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleafure being signified for that Purpose, that His Majesty is restored to such a State of Health as to be capable pf reluming the Perlonal Exercife of th,e Royal Authority, it shall and may be lawful for Her said Majesty, by the Advice of any Four or more of her said Couneil, to notify the fame, by aa Inftrument under Her Majesty’s Hand, and signed also by the said Four or more of Her Majesty’s said Couneil, and addressed to the Lord President of His Majesty’s Moft Honourable Privy Council for the time being, or in his Abfence to One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State; and the said Lord President or Secretary of State shall and is hereby required, on the Receipt thereof, to communicate the faipe to the said Regent, and to lummon forthwith a Privy Couneil, and the Members ot His Majesty’s Moft Honourable Privy Council arc hereby required to assemble in consequence of fbch Summons 5 and the said Lord President, or in his Abfence the said Secretary of State is required, in the Prefence of any Six or more Privy Councillors so assembled, to cause the said Inftrument to be entered on the Books of the said Privy Council.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That if at any time after the f?id Inftrument under the Hand of. Her Majesty, and of four or morq, of her said Couneil, shall have been received and entered as afore-said, His Majesty shall think proper, by an Inftrumeut under his Sign Manual, to require the Lord Pfefidcut of His Majesty’s Moft Honourable

<9

51* GEO. III.	C. r.

nourable Privy Council for the time being* or, in hts Abfence, one of ft is Maje fly’s Principal Secretaries of State, to summon a Council in His Majesty’s Prefence, consisting of any Number of Perfons not ]cfs than nine, whom His Majesty shall name, and who shall be or /hall have been Members of His Majesty’s Mod Honourable Couneil, not being Members of Her Majesty’s Couneil, the said Lord Prefi-dent or Secretary of State shall and he is hereby required to summon such Perfons accordingly} and as well the said. Lord Preddent or Secretary of State, as the other Perfons so summoned, shall and they, are hereby required to attend at the Time and Place appointed by His Majesty j and such Perfons so aiTembled shall be and be deemed to be a Privy Council for the Purpofe hereinafter mentioned.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That if His Majesty, by the Advice of Six or more of such Privy Council so afiembled, shall signify his Royal Pleafure to resume the Perfonal Exercife of bi& Royal Authority, and to issue a Proclamation declaring the fame, such Proclamation shall be issued accordingly, counteriigned by the said Six or more of the said Privy Couneil, and all the Powers and Authorities given by this A6I (hail from thenceforth ccafe and determine, and the Perfonal Exercife of the Royal Authority by His Majesty shall be and be, deemed to be resumed by His Majesty, and shall be exercised by His Majesty, to ail intents and purposes, as if this Act h?.d never been made.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That if His Royal Hiehnefs George siugujlus Frederick Prince of Wales shall depart this Lire during the Continuance of the Regency by this A & ellablished, or cease to be Regent under any of the Provifions thereof, the Lords of His Majesty’s Mod Honourable Privy Council shall forthwith cause a Proclamation to be issued, in His Majclly’s Name, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, declaring the fame: And if Her Majesty the Queen shall depart this Life during the time that the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Perfon shall be committed to Her Majesty according to the Provifions of this A<ft, the Regent shall forthwith order and direct a Proclamation, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland> to be issued and publi(hed, declaring the fame : And in case the Parliament in being atthe time of the issuing of any Proclamation declaring the Death of the Regent or of Her Majesty, or at the time of the issuing of any Proclamation for the Refnmption of the Perfonal Exercife of the Royal Authority by His Majesty, shall then be fepa-rated, by any Adjournment or Prorogation, such Parliament (hall-forthwith meet and fit.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Proclamation as aforesaid shall issue in any or either of such cases as aforesaid, at any time subsequent to the Diffolulion or. Expiration of a Parliament, and before the Day appointed by any Writs of Summons then issued for assembling a new Parliament, then and in such case the last preceding Parliament shall immediately convene and fit at IVeJlminJler, and be a Parliament to continue during the Space of Six Months and no longev, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame Parliament had not been difTolved or expired, but subject to be. sooner prorogued or diflblved: Provided also, that if qny such Proclamation as aforesaid shall issue in any or either of such tifes as aforesaid, upon or at any time after the Day appointed by any

• ' '	*	*	•	Writ

When Powers of Aft to ccafe.

Death of Regent or Her Majesty, Proclamation.

Refnmption of the Royal Ai>-rhority, Parliament to meet.

Provifo for Dif-folution or Expiration of Parliament.

10

A.D.i8ir.

In case of Death of HerMa-in whom Care of His Majesty’s Per-1mo veiled.

In what Cafe Flection of Members voiJ.

Iffucs of Money from Civil lilt to Her Mjjeity and the Royal Family.

do,cool. ifTued anmutUy out of Civil lid to His Majelly** Privy Puile.

Application

thereof.

C.i.	51® GEO. III.

Writ of Summons then ifTued for calling and assembling a new Par* liament, and before such new Parliament shall have met and fat as a Parliament, such new Parliament shall immediately after such Proclamation convene and (if at IVeJlminJler, and be and be deemed to be a Parliament in being, to all intents and purposes, under the Provi-fions of this Ad.

XXIV.	And be it also enabled, That in case of the Death of Her Majesty the Queen, the Care of His Majcity’s Royal Perfon, and all and every the Powers and Authorities* in and by this A61 veiled in Her Majesty, touching the Care of His Majefty*s Royal Perfon, and the difposing, ordering and managing all matters and things relating thereto, ihall be and the fame are hereby vested in Her Majesty’s Couneil, until due Provilion shall have been made in relation thereto by Parliament: Provided nevertheless. That in such case nothing in this A& contained shall extend or be conftraed to extend, to empower the Regent, or the said Couneil, to nominate9 appoint or remove any of the Officers or Perfons of Hit Majefty*s Houfehold, by this Ad made subject to the Nomination, Appointment or Removal of Her Majesty, until due Provifion shall have been made by Parliament in that behalf.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon, being a Member of the House of Commons, shall accept of any Office of Profit from the Crown, by the Nomination and Appointment of the Regent in the Name and on behalf of His Majesty, or of Her Majesty the Queen, during the Continuance of the Regency hereby established, the Election of such Member shall be and is hereby declared to be void, and a new Writ shall issue for a new Eledion, in such and the like manner as if such Perfon had been appointed to such Office by His Majesty.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the several Letters Patent, Letters of Privy Seal, and all other lawful Authorities, of what Nature or Kind soever, which have been granted or ifTued by His Majesty, by virtue whereof any Payments of any Sum or Sums of Money are directed to be paid out of the Monies applicable to the Ufe of His Majefty*s Civil Government, for the Ufe of the Queen's Moft Excellent Majesty, or for the Ufe of any of the Branches of His Majesty’s Royal Family, shall continue to be, and the fame are hereby enacted to continue and be of full force and effect respectively, during the Continuance of the Regency by this Ad established; and that Warrants shall be ifTued by the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Payment of the several Sums therein respectively contained ; which Warrants the said Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, are hereby respectively required to issue at the usual and accustomed Times, and in the usual and accustomed Manner.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, fhalldirect, and they are hereby required annually to direct the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds to be issued out of the Monies of the Civil Lift Revenues to the Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe for the time being, in like manner, and at such Times and in such Proportions as has heretofore been usual and accustomed in respect to the Iffue of the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds as aforesaid \ and that the said Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe shall, and he is

hereby

A'D.iSix.

Ci

sc

5fGE0.nl.

hereby authorized and directed, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Indisposition, out of the Monies so issued to him, to make such Payments, and issue and apply such Sums, not exceeding the Sum of fifteen thousand four hundred and sixty one Pounds in the Whole in the Year, to such Perfons, in such Proportions, and at such Tiaoea, for such Purpo&s, and on such Accounts and in such manner as be hath heretofore usually paid, ifiued and applied the fame by the Authority and Dire&iou of His Majesty ; and the said Keeper part thereof of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe shall, and he is hereby authorized and the Difpofcl directed to issue and pay to such Perfon as Her Majesty may think Her Majefk proper to appoint for this Purpose, out of such Sixty thousand Pounds as aforesaid, such Sums of Money, not exceeding Four thou* sand two hundred and fifteen Pounds in each Quarter of the Year in the Whole, the First Payment whereof shall be made for the current Quarter as soon as may be after the passing of this Adi at Her Majesty shall, by any Order or Orders in Writing made for that purpose, dire&j to be by such Perfon so to be appointed as aforesaid, paid and applied in such Sums and Proportions, and to

such Perfons and for such Purposes, and upon such Accounts, and in such Manner, as the fame have been heretofore accudomed to be paid and applied, under the immediate Direction and Authority of His Majesty ; and such Perfon, so appointed as aforesaid, shall, before any such Money shall be issued to him after the passing of this Adt, lake an Oath before some one of Her Majefty's Council (which Oath each of Her Majefty’a said Council is hereby authorized to admi~ nifter), that he will faithfully apply and will justly account to Her Majesty for the faithful Application of such Suras of Money so issued to him as aforesaid; and such Perfon, so appointed as aforesaid,

Audi, from time to time, within One Month alter the Receipt of every such Sum as aforesaid, render to Her Majesty a just and true Account of the Application thereof: Provided alto, that the Re- Pwvifo. mainder of the aforesaid Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds shall be iavefted by the said Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe in some of the Public Funds or Government Securities, in the Name of the Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe for the time being, in Truft for His Majesty; and that the net Surplus of the Revenues of the Application of Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster shall be from time to time £evenuM under the Order of the Chancellor and Council of the said ^jchy of Lan-

:by, into the Hands of the Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe, vrhofe Receipt shall be a sufficient Difcharge for the fame, and shall by him be in veiled in some of the Public Funds or Government Securities, in Manner aforesaid; and that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall place the said several Sums on an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, intituled, “ 1 be Account of the Keeper of HU MajeJly's Privy Purfe ;n and that upon the Death or Refignation of the present and every other Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe hereafter to be appointed, all and every the said Stock or Stocks and Sum or Sums of Money arising from the Dividends which shall accrue thereon, shall immediately veil in the Succeflor of the present or any future Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe refpe&ivcly, and the Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe for the time being is hereby required to lay out and invest the Dividends so accruing as aforesaid, from time to time, in the Purchase of other Stocks and Securities on the like

Account,

•

Keeper of Privy Purlb and Per-fon appointed by Her Majesty to take Oath.

Oath,

39&40 G.3.

c. 88.

Care of His

Majesty *s Real and Perfonal Eltate, and Property, under 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 83.

Account* and that the Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe for tfte* time being, shall from time to time execute Declarations of Trull: of all such Funds and Securities, declaring that the fame are held in Truft for His Majesty, by Instruments to be executed under his Hand and Seal, to be deposited with Her Majesty.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the faiel Keeper of His Majcftv’s Privy Purfe, and such Perfon so to be appointed as last aforesaid by Her Majesty, shall, on or before the First Day of January One thou fa nd eight hundred and twelve, and on or before the First Day of January in every fucceetiing Year* during the Continuance of this Act, rcfpetlively take an Oath before the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, or one of them, in the Form following:

*	J A.B do swear, That according to the best of my Knowledge,

*	Belief or Information, no Part of the Money which lias been

*	ifiued to me for the Service of TIis Majesty’s Privy Purfe, by vir-i

*	tue of an A&, intituled. An A3 [here insert the Title of this A3J,

4 between the First Day of January

4	and	the	Firft Day of January

4	has been applied directly or indirc&Iy for

4 the Benefit, Ufe or Behoof of any Member of the House of 4 Commons, or, so far as I am concerned, applicable, directly or 4 indircflly, to the Purpofe of supporting or procuring an Intereff.

4 in any Place returning Members to Parliament.

4 So help me GOD/

4 XXIX. And whereas an Aft parted in the Thirty ninth and 4 Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An 4 Ad concerning the Difpofition of certain Real and Perfonal Property 4 of His Majeflyy his Heirs and Succefforsy and also the Real and 1 Perfonal Property of Her Majejlyy and of the Queen Confort for 9 the Time being : And whereas it is necessary that Provifion should be € made for the Care of the Real and Perfonal Eftate and Property of 4 His Majesty, during his Indisposition, and for the Prelervation 4 thereof for the Ufe and future Difpofal of His Majesty p Be it therefore eoa&ed. That all Perfons having the Care or Management of His Majesty’s Real or Perfonal Eftate or Property, or any Part thereof, now veiled in any Trullees for the Ufe of His Majesty, shall be and are hereby made and declared to be subject to the Controul, Order, Direction, Appointment and Removal of the several and respective Trustees of the Real and Perfonal Eftate and Property of which they are respectively in the Care and Management; and shall from time to time, and whenever required so to do, account to the respective Trustees of the several and refpc&ive Parts of the Real and Perfonal Eftate and Property of which they so have the Care and Management, for ail the Rents, Iflues, Profits, Dividends, Intereft and Sums of Money arising or accruing therefrom rcfpe&ively ; and shall apply, pay over, lay out, invest or otherwise dispose of the fame, for the. Ufe of His Majesty, in such manner a9 shall be from time to time prdered and directed by such. Trustees refpcdtiwly, and as to such Trustees shall appear most advifeable and beneficial for the Care and Improvement of such Real and Perfonal Eftate and Property, and the Prefervaticn .thereof, for His Majelly's Ufe and fpture J)ifpofai j and all the Real and Perfonal Eftate and Property

AD.iSii.

C.r.

51* GEO. III.	C.r.	xj

of His Majesty, in relation to which no Difpofition shall have been made bj Hia Majesty before his Illnefs, and which shall not now be vested in any Truftee or Trustees for His Majefty’e Ufe, shall immediately from and after the patting of this Att veil in the Queen’s Moll Excellent Majesty, His Royal Highncfs the Regent, and the Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe for the time being, as Truf-tees thereof for the Uie of* His Majesty, and for the Prote&ion and Cane thereof during His Majesty’s Illnefs, and the Prcfervation thereof for His Majesty’s Ule and future Difpofal; and Her said Majesty, and His said Royal Highnefs the Regent, and the Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe, may appoint a Secretary and fueh other Perfons as may appear to them to be necessary for the Management of and keeping the Accounts of the (aid Truth with fut'h Salaries, to be paid out of the Proceeds of the Truft Property, as may appear to the said Trustees to be proper; and ail.Perfonski the Care and Management of any Real or Perfonal Eftate or Property, so vetted in iuch Trustees as last aforesaid, under this Aft,

shall in like manner as aforesaid be subject to the Order, Controul,

Direction, Appointment or Removal of such Trustees as last aforesaid, and shall account to such Trustees in like manner as is hereinbefore directed, in relation to such Real and Perfonal Eftate and Property as was veiled in Trustees before the palling of this Act ; and shall in like manner as aforesaid apply, pay over, lay out, in veil orotherwife dispose of the Rents, UTues, Profits, Dividends, Intcrefts and Sums of Money arifing* or accruing therefrom respectively, according to the Order and Direction of such Trustees as aforesaid s Provided always, that all Dividends arising from any Public FundsPra *1 to* or Securities shall be from time to time in veiled and laid out in the Pnrchafe of other like Funds or Public Securities, unless any other Order or Direftion shall be given by the Trustees thereof respectively ; and att Trustees in whom any Real or Perfonal Eftate Or Property was veiled, before the patting of this Aft, or in whom the fame is vetted by the ProvHions of this Aft, fttall hold ail such Eftates and Property for the Ufe and Benefit of His Majesty, and preserve the Produce thereof, and of all Rents, I flues, Profits, Dividends, Intereft and Sums of Money arising and accruing therefrom, for His Majesty’s Ufe and Beuefit, and for the future Difpofal of His Majesty, in case no Difpofition shall have been made thereof by His Majesty btfore his Illnefs; and all such Real and Perfonal Eftate and Property, and Rents, IlTues, Profits, Produce, Dividends, Intereft and Sums of Money aforesaid, arising and accruing therefrom, whereof no Difpofition shall have been made br His Majesty before his Illnefs, shall, if oo Difpofition thereof shall hereafter be ma<le by His Majesty, go and be disposed of according to Law : Provided always, Provifo. that nothing in this Aft contains! shall be construed to invalidate or in any manner to affeift any Difpofition which shall have been made, or whigh shall hereafter be made, by His Majesty, by Deed,

Will or otheftvise, of any. such Property or Proceeds thereof as aforesaid, either before or after His Majesty’s Illnefs, which would have been or would be a good and valid Difpofition of such Property, if this Aft had not patted. .

* XXX. And whereas His Majesty hath been accustomed from Power to Re-* time to time, by the Advice and on the Recommendation of the got to dispose f Cowmiffioners of the T reafury, to make Grants out of the Droits of	of	tl,$

7	f	the	Admiralty,

*4

A.D.i8xi

Bills placed in Exchequer ifluable thereout io common with •tbex Monies.

C. i, 2, 3.	51• GEO. IIL

*	the Crown and of the Admiralty to Perfons concerned or interefted

*	in the Capture of any Veffels and Cargoes, or other Property, con-

*	demned to or becoming vetted in His Majesty, as Droits of the

*	Crown or of the Admiralty, or to Perfons praying for Relief as of

*	His Majesty’s Bounty in any cases of Damage or Injury fuftained

*	by them OH account of or in any manner connected with any Capture

*	or Prize, or occasioned by any Engagement with Ships of the 0 Enemy / Be it therefore enacted, That the said Regent shall have Adi Power and Authority, by the Advice and on the Recommendation of the CommifiionerB of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, out of the Droits of the Crown or the Droits of the Admiralty, or any Part or Parts thereof, from time to tfme to make any such Grants to Perfons concerned or interested in the Capture of any Veffels or Cargoes, or other Property, which have been or may hereafter be condemned to or become vetted in His Majesty as Droits of his Crown, or of the Admiralty, or to any Perfon or Perfons praying for Relief in any Cafes of Damage or Injury sustained by or on account of any Matter or Thing anting out of or in any manner connected with Capture or Prize, or occasioned by any Engagement with Ships or Veffels of the Enemy, in such manner as His Majesty hath heretofore by the Advice of the said Commiffionem been accustomed to make any Grants of the fame.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pen-Sons, Offices and Perfonal Eftates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

[8th March 1811.]

XLV. AND it is hereby also enacted and declared, That the said Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said Tellers shall be locked up, and secured as Casti, according to the Courfe of the Exchequer, and shall be taken and efteeraed as (b much in part of the Remains, ia veal Money, wherewith each of the said Tellers (hell from time to time stand charged, in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding ; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commiffionen of the T real ary to HTue and apply the fame from time to time to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Sefion of Parliament.

\Tbis A8% except tie Chafe above inserted, isJimilar to JO G. 3. c, 1.]

cap. in.

An Act for railing the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thou-fand Pounds* by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Greed Britain for the Year One thoufand' eight hundred and eleven.

[8th March 18if.]

« Treasury empowered to raise £10,500,000 by Exchequer Bills, in «« manner preferibed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. § r, 2. Treafurv to apply the “ Money raised. § 3, Principal of said Bills chaigea on first Sup*

* plies of next Seffion. § 4. Intereft thereon of 3}d.per Cent.per 24	w	Dion.

*5

Si9 GEO. III.	C.3—64

u Diem. } 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer, &c. after “ April5, 1812. § 6.	Bank of England empowered to advance

u £6,500,000 on the Credit of this Ad, notwith(landing 5 & 6 W. “ &M.c. 20. $ 7. Ad may be altered or repealed this Sei&on. § 8*

CAP. IV.

An Ad for railing the Sum of One million five hundred thou* sand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven*

[8th March 1811. J £0n the like Terms as under e. of this SeJJion.]

CAP. V.

An Ad for raising the Sum of One miilion, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.	[8th	March	18U.3

“ lrijb Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent to bear In-“ terest. § 1. Bills ifTued not to exceed £1,000,000. Bills, if not paid off, shall be taken in Payment of the Revenue in Ireland, after (l iuch Time as the Treasury shall appoint, and Intereft shall cease. “ § 2,3. Money to be carried to the Irijb Confolidated Fund. § 4, M Said Bills to be chargeable thereon. § 5. Bank of Ireland eat* “ powered to advance £1,000,000 on the Credit of this Ad. § 6.

C A P. VI.

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increafe or Diminution thereof.

[22d March 1811.J

' 1YTHEREAS it is expedient to take an Account of the total

*	W Number of Perfons now within the Kingdom of Great Bri-

*	tainf together with the progressive Increafe or Diminution thereof 1 from the Year One thousand eight hundred to and for the Year

*	One thousand eight hundred and tenMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's Moil ExceBent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,/That within that Part of Great Britain called England the liefpedive Overseers of the Poor, orfome substantial Houfeholderof every Parifh, Townfliip and Place to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, and within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, such Perfons as shall be for that Purpose appointed in the manner hereinafter mentioned, to ad in and fop every rarifli and Place, shall, at the Time and in the Manner hereinafter directed, severally take an Account of the Number of Perfons who shall be actually found at the time of taking such Accounts to be within the Limits of such Pari(hes, Townfhips and Places refpec-tivdy, and shall fet down the several Particulars respecting die fame, according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Ad.

II.	And, for the more speedy and effectual obtaining of such Accounts, be it further enacted, That a sufficient Number of printed

Copies

Overmen of tSO Poor, &c. to take Account of Number of Perfons, &c.

Printed Cop'-*

of A£f, frc.tr anf-dieted by King's

i 6

A.D.18 z 1.

Printer to Clerks cftbe Peace,&c.

Aft and Schedules to l>e dil-uiboted.

High Confl.^les to deliver the Schedules, to officiating Minifter,

Overfecr, kc.

and-to take an Account of Number of Perfow therein,

end prepare An-fwer* to Questions,

C.6.	510	GEO.	III.

Copies of this Aft and of the Schedule thereto ffiall, so soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Aft, be transmitted by His Majesty’s Printer to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks of the several and respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Precinfts, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns and Counties Corporate in that Part of Gnat Britain called England ; and that the said (ieveral Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks shall and they are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to cause the said Aft to be dif-tibuted amongst the Clerks of the Divifional Meetings within their respective Limits ; and also to cause a fuflicient Number of the Schedule to this Aft annexed to be delivered to the High Conftabies, or where there are no High Conftabies to such other proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from Justices of the Peace to inferior Officers within their refpe6ttve Limits, at the Eajlcr Quarter Seffions of the Peace in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven ; and'within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, a sufficient Number of printed Copies of this Aft and of the Schedule thereto, shall in like manner be tianfmitted to the Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes and Provofts of the Royal Burghs of Edinburgh and Gla/gow, who shall cause a sufficient Number of the said Schedule to be delivered to such Perfons and at such Times as are for that Purpofe hereinafter mentioned.

III.	And be it further enacted, That within that Part of Gnat Britain called England, the High Conftabies or other proper Officers so deferibed as a fore said, within their respective Jurifdiftions afore-said, shall, at the Lid Eajlcr Quarter-Seffions of the Peace in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, receive from the Clerks of the Peace or Town Clerks, the said printed Schedules, and forthwith deliver or cause to be delivered One such Schedule to the Reftor, Vicar, Curate or other officiating Minifter, and One other such Schedule to One of the Over-feersof the Poor of every Pariffi, Townfhip or Place, as well within Towns Corporate as without, in their respective Limits, and also One such Schedule to the Overfcer or Ovcrfeers of every Extra-parochial Place within the said Limits, or instead thereof to some One substantial Houfeholder rdiding within the said Pariffi, Townffiip or Extra-parochial Place, and well acquainted therewith, if he ffiall be directed io to do by any Juftice of the Peace within the Diftrift ; and thereupon the said Overfcers or substantial Houfeholders as aforesaid, taking to their Afliftance the Churchwardens or Chapel wardens, Sidefmen, Parifh Clerk and Veftry Clerk (if any) and employing, if they ffiall think fit, the Conftabies, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Peace Officers, for such Pariffies, Townlhips or Places Much several Perfons being hereby required to be aiding and assisting therein for that Purpofe) ffiall, upon the Twenty seventh Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, proceed to take an Account in Writing of the Number of Perfons at that time Lring within the Limits of such Pariffies, Townffiips and Places refpec-tively, and inform themselves of the several Particulars relating to the Matters fpcciiied in the Six first Queftions in the said Schedule, by-proceeding together or separately from House to House, or other-wife, as they ffiall judge expedient for the better Execution of this Aft; and from such information ffiall prepare an Anfjver or Return to the said Queftions, according to the Form preferibed in the faid

Schedule,

*7

^ i* geo. nr.	c»tf»

Schedule, and shall sign the lame with their Names and respective Additions, as such Overseers or fubtiantial Hopfeholders as afore-£aid; and the better to enable the said Overseers or fubtiantial Houfeholders as aforesaid, to make such Anfwers and Returns, they, and the Perfons so assisting them as aforetiud, are hereby authorized and empowered to a(k all such Quetiions of the Perfona within the said Panfh, Townfhip or Place reipefting themfdves and the Number and Quality of the Perfons constituting their respective Families, as shall be necessary for dating the Particulars required to be dated concerning them, m the said Anfwers and Returns; and Penalty, every such Perfon refuting to answer, or wilfully giving a false Anfwer to such Quedions, or any of them, shall, tor every such Refufal or false Anfwer, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, cor less than Forty Shillings, at the Difcretion of the Jutiice or Judices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That every Reftor, Vicar, Curate Officiating Mi-or other Officiating Minitier of every Parifh, Townfhip or Place niton to tranf-(Extra-parochial or otherwife) in England, including Free Chapels, ™‘l Anfwers w Donaiives and Peculiars, to whom such Schedule shall have been

delivered as aforesaid, shall forthwith prepare an Anfwer or Re- &c.toBUbcp. turn to the Quetiions relative to Baptifms, Burials and Marriages in the said Schedule fet forth, and shall, on or before the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, duly transmit such Anfwer or Return to the fiishop, within the Limits of whose Dioaf* the said Parifh, Townfhip or Place is tituate; and the Tranfmitted to several Bifhops shall, on or before the Tenth Day of July One Archbifoop. thousand eight hundred and eleven, transmit the fame to the Arch- h^urc bifhopsof their refpeftive‘Provinces, and thereupon the said Arch- A^aft^d* * bishops shall, on or before the Firti Day of August One thousand before Parlia-eight hundred and eleven, cause the fame to be laid before His menu Majetiy’s Moft Honourable Privy Couneil, who shall cause an Abtiraft thereof to be prepared and laid before both Houfes of Parliament, within Three Months after the said Firti Day of Augujlf or if Parliament shall not'be then fitting, within the tirft Fourteen Days of the Sefiion next ensuing.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Jutiices of the Peace, or JuftSces to ap. any Two or more of them, within their respective Jurifdiftions in point a Time England, shall, at or so soon as conveniently may be after the said *!!*« for Eajer Quarter-Sctiions in the Year One thousand eight hundred and ,Jend*with tl° eleven, appoint a Time and Place, or Times and Places, (which Time Returns ani shall be not sooner than the Twenty fourth Day of June, nor later Aufwcrs.

than the Twentieth Day of July, in- the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and may be at the Midfummer Quarter-Sefuon if they shall think tit), for the Overseers of the Poor of the several Parifhes, Town ships and Places, within their respective Divifions or Limits, or for such fubtiantial Houfeholders as aforesaid, as the case may be, to attend them for the Purpofe of this Aft, with Returns and Anfwers to the said Six firti Quetiions stated in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, and cause Notice of such Time and Place to Notiqi. be given to such Overseers and Houfeholders refpcftively, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Aft, and also to the High Constables, or where there are no High Constables, to such other proper Officers as aforesaid ; and thereupon the said Overseers or Overseers, &e. iubilantial Houfeholders as aforesaid, or some One of them, in and t0 <i?i‘ver Re-51 G*0. III.	C	for	turns a?.* Oath.



5>< gxo. m,

AJ>.i8ik»

Justices to receive Anfwers, *cc.;toadrainifter

Oath#

Power to examine Over-seers, &e.; to adjourn Meetings; to deliver AnJwera.&c to High Constables, indorse Returns, and transmit to Clerks of the Pea^e, dtc.

SheriffDeputet,

See. in Scotland, to appoint ftehoohm afters. Sec. to take Account.

Sheriffs’ Officers, &c. to deliver Schedules to Perfons so appointed, who ihall take Ac-count nfNumber of Perfons, Ac. and prepare Anfwers to fiucftioofc

Jbv eotrf taoh Baristi, TownfMp or Place, shall and they are hereby required te attend the Justices of the Peace at fach Meeting or Meeting* ltfpeAivdy, and then and there deliver to the faia Justices in Writing, signed by himself or themfelvea, a just and true Anfwer and Return to the said Queftions upon Oath, (or being of the People called Quakers % on Affirmation), as hereinafter directed $ and the said High Constables, or other proper Officers so deferibed aa aforesaid, ihall, and they are hereby required to attend the said Fefpe&ive Meetings for the Purpofes hereinafter directed.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the? Peace shall and they are hereby required to receive and take, at such Meetings so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, the Anfwer* and Returns to be made pursuant to the Dire&ions aforesaid, and then and there to administer to the said Overseers or substantial Householders respectively, the Oath or Affirmation contained in the said Schedule; and, if they fee Cause, to examine such Overfeera and Houfehoiders upon Oath or Affirmation, touching any of the Matters contained in such Queftions and Anfwers, and, if necessary, to adjourn the said Meetings to any Time or Times, not later than the laid Twentieth Day of July, and to any Place or Places, in order that the said Returns may be rendered more complete or Jatisfadory; and shall then deliver such Anfwers and Returns to the respective High Conttables or other proper Officers as aforesaid. Who ftiaH thereupon indorse on each of such Returns the Name of the County, and also of the Riding, Division, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Precinct, Soke, Franchife, Liberty, City, Borough, Town or County Corporate, wherein the Paristi, Townftiip or Place therein mentioned, is lltuate, and shall delirer or transmit such Returns, together with a true and perfect Lift of every Farisk, Town ship and Place, and also of the Overseers and Houfehoiders aforesaid, to whom such Schedule (Hall have been delivered as aforesaid, to the several Clerks of the l^ace and Town Clerks for the Jurifdi&ion in which the said Justices are authorized to ad, at their respective Offices, on or before the Twenty seventh Day of July One thou* sand eight hundred and eleven.

VII.	And be it further ena&od, That within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sheriff Deputes and Stewart Deputes, or their Subftitutes, in their refpedrve Counties and Stewartries, and the Provoft of the Royal Burghs of Edinburgh and Gfafgoms within the said Burghs, shall nominate and appoint, in Writing under the Hand of their respective Clerks, the SchooFmaster, or other lit Perfon or Perfons, in each Parifh or Pface, to take account of the several Matters required by this Ad ; and the Sheriffs* Officers, Stewarts' Officers ana Town Officers respectively, are required forthwith to deliver the said Schedule to the Schoolmailcr, Perfon or Perfons so appointed; and on the said Twenty seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Schoolmaster, Perfon or Perfons so appointed, shall proceed to take Account of the Number of Perfons at that time within the Limits of their respective Parilhes and Places* and inform themselves of the several Particulars relating to all the Matters specified in the said Schedule, by proceeding from House to House, or otherwise as they shall judge expedient, for the better Execution of this Ad, and from such Information aa aforesaid, ihall prepare an Anfwer of Return to all the said Queftions,

according

A.O.iStr.

jl‘ GEO. m.





according to the Forth pftfcrfbed in the (aid .^cheiuW, and /hah then exhibit the fame to the MiniHer of the Pariffi for his Cor-ffcftion Arid Approbation, and for Ahy Obfervations which he may think fit to write thereupon; and the several School mailers and other Perfons appointed shall thereafter sign the fame with theilr Names and ordinary Defignatiotis 5 and the better to enable thedi to mike such Anfwers or Returns as aforesaid, they are hereby authorised And empowered to alk all such QueHions of the Pferfoni within their respective Parifhes, refpe&injg themselves and the Nuih-ber and Quality of the Perfons constituting thfeir respective Families, as shall be necessary for Hating the Particulars required to be Hated concerning thekn lli the [aid Anfwers and Returns; and every fuca Perfort refufihg to ftrirwer, or wilfully giVihg a filfe Anfwer to such QueHions, or any of them, shall, for every such kdfufal or faHe Anfwer, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor left than Forty Shillings, at the Difcretion of any JuHice of the Pdace bbfore whom the Complaint thereof Ihall be made.

, VIII. And be it further enacted, ThAt the Sheriff Deputies Ahd Stewart Deputes, or their Slibftitutes, for Scbll&ndi And the Pfovofta of the Royal Burghs of Edinburgh arid Glajgbw', within iheir Hffpedive Jurifdiftlohs, shall appoint a Time or Times, which shall not be sooner than the FirH L)Hy of Jane; nor later than the laH Da} of Jvntt hi the Tear Onb thoufahd eight hmldrecj and eftveh, for the School oik iter, PbrPih or Perforis dppoirited by thbm as riforo^ laid, to attend fat their Offices* hr at fuen other Places as they shall appoint* with the Returns and Anfwers to all the Queltioiis Hated iti the Schedule to this Aft ; ahd the fold Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or theih SubHituted, and PrbvbHs, shall cAufe Ndtifce to be given to tbeth refpeftlvely for that PUrpofe accordingly; and shall then tind there receive the Anfwers and Returns to bC made as afortfeld, And adffilhlHer the Oath contained in the f&id Schedule to the Sfchool mallet, Pbrfon Or Perfons appointed to make such Retdrftt as AfOresaid; and such Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputed or their SnbHittHe*, Ahd Provdfts afdfesaid, if they fee Cause, may examine the said Schoolmaster, Pfcrfoji or Perfons upon Oath, touching any df the Matters Cdhtalrted in ftioh QueHions ana Anfwers, Ana ftral! thereafter direct thbir respective Clerks to ihdorCe the fettle with* the Nfrme^ Hf the fcbhilty of Stewartry, or DIHrlft thereof, wherein' the Parifh or PlAcA fhcrdh mentioned is fitiiatbd f or otherwise, lit Cafes where the said Sheriff Deputes, Stew-Art Deputes or tWeir Subltltiftes fhdll thfftk prriper, they shall $ireft th& Schoolmxfters and other Peffons Aforefain, to verify the said RefUrrid and Anfwers Upon Oath* before any Jtfftice of the Peace within the County or Stewartfy, and thereafter to tfanfmit the {Schedule, previous to the said iaft Day of June, in any Convenient manner to the said Sheriff Deputes, Stewart. Deputes, or their Substitutes,' Who fhaff direct the fatn^ to be indorsed as aforesaid.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That the several Accounts so takefi m Writing by tf»e Ovcrfeors and SchoolmaHers, or other PeHdnS so appointed as Aforesaid, in eVery Parilh, ToWrifhip or Place Within Great Btfiailt, for. the Pufpofe of preparing the aforesaid Anfwer A and Returns, fhtffl be safely kept and preferred by the Churchwardens Or ChapelWArdAns in England; and by the Scfiool/Aafters or other PeTfons appointed as aforefatfd in Sc dll and, for the tfme; being,

C 1	of

Sheriff* Deputes, Sec, to appoint i Time for Schools matters, See. lb attend with Returns, 8c c.

Sheriff, Arc. to receive lame upon Oath ; to examine upon Oath, and raufe Return to be indurfed ; may direct Returns and Anfwers to be verified upon Oath before Juftice of the Peace.

Accounts taken tfiroujihout G. B. idr prb* paring Anlweri, Sec. p elerved by Churchwardens, Uc.; and delivered o’'«r to SuccelTors.

Clerks of (he

so	Ci51* GEO. UL	A«Dii8iir

Pnce, ft*. of the several Pariffies, Townfhips or Placets to which the fame relate, and Sheriff and shall be delivered over by them to their Succeffors in Office P®pu]?\f5* respectively; and that the (aid Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks turnstaSecre- throughout that Part of Gteat Britain called England, and the tary of State Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or their Sub dilutes, and Provods AbAraR laid be- in Scotland, shall, on or before the Fird Day of Augufi One thou-tore Parliament, fend eight hundred and eleven, tranfrait, with all convenient Speed, such Anfwers and Returns ?s they shall have received in manner aforeiaid (together with a Lid of the Pariffies, Townffiips and Places within their respective Counties, Stewartries, Ridings or Diviiions, from whence no Returns have been made to them) to the Office of His Majefty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department; and that the fame shall be digeded and reduced int j Order by such Officer as such Secretary of State shall appoint for the Purpose; and that an Abdraft thereof shall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, within Three Months after the said Fird Day of Augufi, or if Parliament shall not then be fitting, within the Fink Fourteen Days of the Seffion next ensuing.

Allowance tor X. And be it further enacted, Tliat there shall be paid and ^oubb aoi allowed for the Trouble and Expences of the several Perfons cm-**f<liee,:	ployed in the Tranfa&ions aforeiaid, for every Return which (hall

be to made and tranfmitud to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks refpe&ivcly, pursuant to the Dire&ions afore said, the Sums following; videlicet, To the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, for the Return which shall be made from every such Parifh, Town-(hip or Place in England, the Sum of One Shilling; to the High Condable or other proper Officer in England, for the like, the Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence; to the Clerks of the Judices of the Peace throughout England, for the like, the Sum of One Shilling ; and that the Judices of the Peace in England, at their respective Midfummer Quarter-Seffions, or at the Michaelmas Quarter-Seffiona following, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall and they are hereby required to make an Order upon their respective Treafurers, to pay the fame out of the Rates to be made and collected for the relpeCtive Counties, Ridings, Diviiions, Precin&s, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities and Counties Corporate, or shall cause the fame to be paid out of the Poor Rates of and for fnch Counties Corporate, or Places as have no County Rates; and also, that the (aid Judices in England, at their said Midfummer Quarter-Seffiont or at the Michaelmas Quarter-Seffions following, may and they are hereby required to allow to the several Overseers, Houfe-holders, Parifh Clerks or Vedry Clerks, in England, a reasonable Compenfation for the Trouble necefiarily taken, and also for the Expences (if any) by them necessarily incurred in the Execution of this A61, and shall order Payment thereof to be made out of the Poors Rate of the several Pariffies, Townffiips or Places refpeCtively, and shall thereafter allow the dune in the Annual Accounts of the several Overseers of the Poor.

In Scotland from XL And be it further enacted. That the Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Land Tax Deputes or their Subditutes, and Provods of the Royal Burghs of Edinburgh and Glajgow in Scotland, may and they are hereby required to allow to the Sheriff Clerks or Town Clerks respectively, for the Return which shall be made and transmitted from every Pari(h or Place in Scotland, the Sum of One Shilling s and to the

Sheriff*

510 GEO. in.	C.ff.	*1

Sheriffs* Officer or Town Officer, who shall distribute the Schedule to the Schoolmafters and others, for the like, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence; and the laid Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or their Subftitutes, and Provofts, may and tney are hereby required to allow to the Schonlmailers and others a returnable Com-peniation fur the Trouble by them necessarily taken, and also for the Fxpences (if any) by them necessarily incurred in the Execution of this Aft; and to order Payment thereof, and also of the Sums respectively payable to the Sheriffs’ Clerk, Steyrarts’ Clerk or Town Clerk, and to the Sheriffs’ Officer or Town Officer, to be made by the Collector of the Land Tax of and for the Shire, Stewartry or other Place, fas the case shall require) out of any Money in his Hands; and such Colleftor shall and is hereby authorized to pay the fame accordingly.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk of the Clerks of the

P^ace, Town Clerk, High Con liable, Constable, Tythingman,	w

Hcadborough or other such Officer as aforesaid, and also every 10 °* tt such Churchwarden, Chapclwarden, Sidefman, Parifti Clerk, Veftry

Clerk, Ovcrfeer of the Poor, Houfeholder, Schoolmaffer or other Perfon so appointed as aforesaid, making wilful Default in any of the Matters required of them respectively by this Aft, shall, for every such wilful Default, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, Penalty, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Difcrction of the Juftice or Juflices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made : And in case Other Perfotu any of the before mentioned Officers and other Perfons shall have so appointed-made Default, or shall have omitted to attend with or respecting the Anfwers and Returns at the appointed Time, the said Juflices in England, and Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or their Sub-ftitutes, and Provofts, in Scotland, may, and they are hereby required forthwith to nominate and appoint some other Perfon or Perfons in their Stead, to execute the Provtfions of this Aft; and the Perfon or Perfons so nominated and appointed shall, in (lead of the Officer or Perfon so making Default, or omitting to attend as aforesaid, be entitled to receive the Fees or Compenfation hereinbefore mentioned ; and shall also be liable to the fame Penalty in case of making wilful Default.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the several Forfeitures Recovery and and Penalties in flitted by this Aft shall, if not immediately paid. Application of be levied by Diflrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, *««»Wsi. by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juilicc of

the Peace, having Jurifdi&ion where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the laid’ Offender the Overplus (if any) after the Charge of such Diflrefs and Sale shall be dedutted 5 and in case sufficient Diflrefs shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such JuftiCe to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for a Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeiture and Charges fhaS befooner paid; and the said Forfeitures, when recovered in England, shall be paid. One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the said respective Treafurers, to be applied in Aid of the Rates afore-laid; and any Perfon shall be deemed a competent Witnefs for the Execution of any of the Purpofet of this Aft, uotwithftanding his paying or being liable to pay towards such Poors Rate or County ifates; and in case the said Forfeitures shall be recovered in Scotland%

C }	they

n

AJXitn-

51* GUEO. IH.

they Aa&be paid. One Hall to the Informer, aod the other Halt to the CoMeftor of the Land Tax of such County or Stewartry, wherein the laid Default shall be committed, to be by him applied in Aid of the Expenditure incurred by reason of thin Aft.

SCHEDULE.

QUESTIONS to which, by Direftions of an Aft passed *in the ~ Fifty firil Year of the Reign of Hi* Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An AS for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Jncreafe or Diminution thereof written Anfwers are to be returned by the Reftor, Vicar, Curate or Officiating Minifter, and Overseers of the Poor, or by feme other substantial House holder of every Parifh, Townfhip and Place (including those Places also which are^Extra-parochial) in England; and by the Schoolmafters or other Perfons to be appointed under the said Aft for every Parifh and Place in Scotland; signed by them respectively, and atjtefled upon Oath or Affirmation by the faid'Overseers, or by such other substantial Householders as aforc-said, in England, and by the Schoolmafters or other such Perfon* as aforesaid in Scotland.

Questions addrefied to the Ovexseers in England; and to the Sc H ool m a st e& s in Scotland : Who are respectively required to take an Account of the Refident Population by proceeding from House to House on the Twenty Seventh Day of May Ope thousand eight hundred and eleven, and on the Days immediately fub-fequent thereto, if one Day shall not be Sufficient; and they are plfo required to specify in Writing the NaW of thp Parifh or Place in the Schedule, and whether it be ufualty called a Parifh, Towo-ship, Tything, Quarter, or by what other Denomination.

ift. How many Inhabited Houfes are there in your parish, Townfhip or Place; and by hose many Families are they occupied ?

*d- How many Houfes are now building, and therefore not yet inhabited ?

3d. How many other Houfes are uninhabited ?

4th. What Number of Families in your Parifh, Towpfhip or Place, are chiefly employed in and maintained byAgriciiL ture; how many Families are chiefly employed in and maintained by Trade, Manufafture or Handicraft; and how many Families are not comprized in either of the Two preceding ClaHes ?

N. B. The total Number of Families in answer to. this Queftion must correspond with the Number of Families in answer to the 1 ft Queftion.

ytfrj How many Perfons (including Children of whatever Age) are there actually found within the Limits of your Panfh, Townfhip or Place, at the time of taking this Account, diftingqifhing Males and Females, and exclusive of Meo aftuaily Serving in His Majesty’s Regular Foroes, in the Old Militia, or in any Embodifd Local Militia, and exclu-fiv^ of Seamen either in His hbjefty’s Service, pr belongs ing let Jtegifteyed Veffidt i

6th.

A»D.i8ii«	|i°	GKO.	IIL	C.6.

6th. Referring to the Number of Periona ih IBoi, To wh8 Caufc do you attribute any remarkable Difference In the Number at prefent!

7 th. Are there any other Matters, *bbb you otoy think it nf oeffary to remark, tn £ xplaftatith Of your Anfwfts to of the preceding Queftions t

Questions add re fled to the OrriciAirfad Mtitufi* v&Entltni, by whom a Return it to be made* to the Bifhop on Or lefolfe the Twentieth Day of June One thoufcnd eight hundred and eleven.

1 ft. What was the Ntmber of Baptifms and Burial! to your Parifh, Townfliip or Place) in the several Years i3oi, 2, S* 41 Si 6, 7, 3, 9 and iq ; diltmgoiflung Male! feottt Fe-males ?

ad. What has been the Number of Marriages in your Parifli, Townfhip or Place, in the several Years 1801, 2, J, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8,9 and 10?

3<L Are there any Matters* which you think it heceffary to re-* mark, in Explanation of your Aftfwers to either of the pre* ceding Queftions? Efpeciaily whether any and what annual Average Number of Baptiftnt* Burials and Marriages, may, in your Opinion, take place fn your fafist, without being entered in the IVilh Regifttr }

C +

mm

FORM of Anfwers by the Overseers, &c. in England, and Schoolmasters, &c. in Scotland, to the Queftions contained £ m. the Schediue to an A£t, 51 Geo. III. intituled. An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increafe or Diminution thereof

' Name and Defcrip-tion of Barith, Sec.	Queftion 1 ft.		Queftion 2d.	Queftion 3d.	Queftion 4th. ... OCCUPATIONS.			Queftion 5th. Perfon*, me hiding Children, or whatever Ago.		
	Inhabited  Houfes.	By how many Families occupied.	Houfes now building.  - *	Other Houfes uninhabited.	Families chiefly employed in Agriculture.	Families chiefly employed in Trade. Manufadures and Handicraft.	All other Families not comprised in the Two preceding Cla!Tes.	Males.	Females.	Total of Perfous.
N. B. If any are to be num  *	Family occ \bertd only 1	upies Two m tbofe Pa	or more Hi rijbes, Tons	mfes in dijfert jnfbips or Pic	71/ Partfbes, To ices, where they	wnjhips or Places federally happen	r, the Individuals to be at the Time 1	belongi of task	5° **	b Family count.

6th Question. Referring to the Number of Perftms in 1801, To what Caufe do you attribute any remarkable* Difference in the Number at present ?

7th Queftion. Are there any other Matters, -which you may think it necessary to remark, in Explanation of your Anfwers to any of the preceding Queftions?

ATTESTATION on Oath [or, Affirmation] by the Overseers or substantial Houfeholders in England\ and by the Schoolmafters

in Scotland.

I# A. B. One of the Overseers, Schoolmafter [or, a substantial Houfeholder] of the Parifh, Townffiip, &c. of	in	the

'County of	do	fvvear [or affirm] That the above Return contains, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and

true Anfwer to the Queftions contained in the Schedule to an A&, intituled, An AS for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increafe or Diminution thereof.

The abovementioned A. B• was sworn for affirmed] (in England) before us the Justices of the Peace in and for the

of	this	Day	of	C.	D.	and	E.	F.

•	------------------------------------------------— (in Scotland) before me the Sheriff Depute of the	of

this	Day	of	0.//.

ji° GEO. III.	AJD.i 811 •

TORM of Anfwers by the Clergymen in England to the Queftions contained in the Schedule to an Aft, $1° Geo. III. ' intituled. An A FI for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increafe or Diminution thereof

* . Diocefe of and County, flee. Dcanry, or Jurifdi6\ion, flee.	City,	Town,	flee.	Parifh	or	Chapelry,	flee.

QUESTION ift.					QUESTION 2d.	
YEARS.	BAPriSMS.		BURIALS.		YEARS.	NUMBFR OF MARRIAGES.
	Males.	Females.	Males.	Females.		
l8bl  1802  1803	-  1804  1805  1806  1807  1808  1809  1810					1801  1802  1803 1*04  1805  1806  1807  1808  1809  1810	

REMARKS in Explanation of the Matters dated in Anfwer to the federal Quedions.

id Queftion.

2d .Quedon.

3d Quedion.—Annual Average Number of unentered Baptifms—Burials——Marriages.—

(Here affgn Reafon of Non-entry.)

CERTIFICATE of the CLERGYMAN.

I, A. B, [Reftor, Vicar, Curate, or Officiating Minifter,] of the Parifh, Chapelry, flee of	in	the County of

do certify, That the above Return contains, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Anfwer to the several Quedions contained in the Schedule to an Aft, intituled, An A& for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, And.of the Increafe or Diminution thereof \	A. B.

Witnefs C. D. One of the Overseers [or, fubdantial Houfeholder] of the Parifh cf	this	Day of

this

u

w»

'9 ‘D	‘ni *oao •*.*	#ii8i‘<rv

A.D.i8ti.

?<J	C.$.	5i*GE0.IH.

IT.

FORM of the PRECEPT for giving Notice to High Conftables and Houfeholders, in England) of the T*itne and Place appointed by Justices of the Peace fur taking the Anfwers and Returns under this Aft*

The County, &c.) To the Constable [Tythingman, or Hradhorou^hJ to wit. J 0f	in	the	County.

YOU are hereby required* with all convenient Speed, to give or cause to be given Notice to the High Constable of the Hundred of	and	to	the	Overfeers	of	the	Poor	of	every

Parifli, Townfhip or Place, within the said Hundred; and if there ia no Overfeer therein, then to some substantial Houfcholder thereto ; that they are severally required to appear at	on

the	Day of	next,	at	the	Hour	of

in the Forenoon, before such of His Majefty’s^Juftices of the Peace as shall be then and there assembled. and that the said Overseers or Houfeholders as aforesaid, or some One of them, for every such Parifh, Townfhip or Place, are then and there to deliver upon Oath or Affirmation, a just and true Account, in Writing, ngned by themselves, containing an Anfwer to the several Qe eft ions propounded in the Schedule to an Aft, 51° Geo. 111. intituled, An AS for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Jncreafe or Diminution thereof Given under my Hand, [or, our Hands] this	Day	of	in	the	Year	One

thousand eight hundred and

III.

FORM of the OATH or AFFIRMATION to the Return. YOU shall swear [or, affirm] that the Anfwers and Retonr now made by you to the several Queftions contained in the Schedule an* nexed to an Aft, 51° Geo. III. intituled An A3 for taking an Ac-count of the Population of Great Britain, and of tie Incrcafc or Diminution thereof 1 is a full and true Anfwer to the said Queftions, to the best of your Knowledge and Belief.

IV.

FORM of INDORSEMENT by the High Ccmftabfc* in England^ and by the SherifPa Clerk or Town Clerk in Scotland.

County, or Sfcewartry of Riding* Divikon or Diftrift of

Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Precinst, Soke, Fraachife or Libeity o£

City, Borough, Town or County Corporate of Phnffig Townfbiy, &c. of

CAP, VII.

A*i Aft to* amend Twer Afts of the Thirteenth and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Wages pf Pferibns employed in the Silk Manufa&ure,

[agsd March r.]

f YT7HEREAS by *n Aft passed in the Thirteenth Year of I£<tv3*c.6fc. * VV His present Majesty* intituled* An Aff to\empoeuer the Man * ijfiftUu therein mentioned t<r fettle and regulate t$c (Pager qf Pern

$	'fm



Si<*GBO.IJL

C. yj*

n

1 fane employed {n the Silt ManufaSure within their rtfprfjfy* Jurifa 4 diSiont; and by an A*& pafied in the Thirty second Year of Hi* 3» Q-l c*44k 4 prefect Majesty, intituled, An AS far extending the Provifionj of 4 an AS made in the Thirteenth Tear of the Reign of Hie present J\fa~

4 jejfy, intituled* An AS to empower the Magiflrates therein mentioned*

4 to fettle and regulate the Wages of Per font employed in the Silk Met*

4 nufaSure within their refpeSive JurifdiSions* to Manufactories of Silk 4 mined with other Material!r; and for the more effeSual PunUbmentL 4 of Buyers aftd Receivers of Sill purloined and embenzled by Perfons 4 employed in the Manufactures thereof* Provifion is made for feu 4 tbng and regulating the Wages and Prices of Work of the Jour*

4 Deymen Weavers in the Manufa&ure of Silk, and in the Mania*

‘ fafture of Silk mixed or wrought up with any other Material*,

* within the Cities of London and Wefiminder, and County of Mid*.

4 dlesex: And whereas it is expedient that the Provifion therein 4 made should be applied to the Wages and Prices of Work of the 4 Journey women Weavers employed in the said Manufactures Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,, and Commons, in this present Parliament a/Tembled, and by the Au- pOWeriofrs-thority of the fame. That, from and after the paling of this A6t, cited, AStfao all Power and Authority, and every Regulation and Provision, in, settling Journey* by and under the said Ads refpeAively given and made, exerqited ryien’a VVtStf ia aod enforced, for settling, regulating, ordering and declaring the Sllk Wages and Prices of Work of the Journeymen Weavers in the said J^wageaof Manufaftures of Silk, or of Silk mixed or wrought up with any Joumeywomen other Material*, shall be deemed and taken to be given and made, and within London shall and maylbe exercised and enforced within the several and refpec- *”d Wcft-tire Diftrifts of the Cities of Ldndon and W rr, and the Conn-

tyof Mid dlefex* in the (aid Ads mention* .	1	fettling,	vegub#*

ting, ordering and declaring the Wages and Prices of Work of the, Journey women Weavers employed in the said Manufactures of Silk* or of Silk mixed or wrought up with any other Materials, in as full and ample a manner as the (aid Power and Authority, Regulations and Provisions, with all Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, are enacted by the said Ada nefpe&jvely, for regu* Uting the Wages and Prices of the Work of Journeymen Weavers a the said Manufactures respectively.

An ACt for punishing Mutiny and Defertion j and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[aad Mnrch 1811.]

« NUMBER of Forces 84,801. $ 1.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Mark affixed^ Court Martial, before which any Non«commiffioa*d Officer or Sot-. Body of De-dier shall be tried and convicted of Defertion, to dived, if it (haU so fcrtert-tbiak fit, in addition to any other Punifltiuent such Court may award: for any fuck Defertion, that such Deferter be marked on the left Side, Two Inches below the Arm-pit, with, the Letter (D.l such.

Letter not tn be left than half an Inch long, and to be. marked upow the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other IVaparatton. iontL to be visible, and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

CAP. YIIL

X. Pr*

C.8.

5i° GEO. HI.

A.D.181 f.

Sentence of Trsnfportatioo in India, Ac, notified by Jud^e of One of the Supreme Courts.

Order for Tranf-ponation.

39&40G.3. *7*1 *3-

Officers and

Soldiers im-prifuned upon a Charge of a Criminal Offence, acquitted, entitled to Arrears. Convi&ed, penalty.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, whenever any Sentence of Tranfportation palled by any Court Martial holdeo in the Eafi Indies, or m His Majesty’s Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope or Ceylon, or in any Settlements occupied by His Majesty’s Forces beyond the Cape of Good Hope, is to be carried into Execution, or Mercy shall be extended to any Offender liable to the Puniftiment of Deatn by the Sentence of any Court Martial in the East Indies, upon Condition of Tranfportation ; the fame shall be notified in Writing by the Commander in Chief of His Majefly’s Forces in India, or, in the Abfence of the Commander in Chies, then by the Adjutant General for the time being to some Judge of One ot the Supreme Courts of Judicature of the Prefidenciea of Fort William, Fort Saint George or Bombay, or the Chief Juftice or other Judge at the Ifland of Ceylon or the Cape of Good Hope, or any fitch other Settlement as aforesaid ; and thereupon filch Judge shall make an Order for the Tranfportation of such Offender, upon the Term* and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also make such other Order or Orders, and do all such other Ads consequent upon the fame as any such Judge is authorized to make or do under an Ad passed in a Parliament holden in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for efabli/bing further Regulations for Uhe Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Admbti/lration of Jufice vuitbin the fame, with respect to Offenders ordered to be traufported by Sentence of the Criminal Courts in India, and the Governor and Council of such Prefidency respectively shall and they are hereby required to take Order for the Tranfportation of all such Offenders accordingly.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Non-com-miffioned Officer or Soldier who shall be arrelled and committed to Prifon upon a Charge of any Criminal Offence, shall receive aay Part of his Pay from the Day of such Commitment till the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop or Company to which he shall belong, provided that if he shall be acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed, he shall upon his Return to his Corpi be entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay which were growing due during the Time of his Confinement; but if he shall be convicted. he shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Commitment during the Time of his Confinement, as well under the original Commitment as under any Commitment consequent upon such Convidion, and until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop or Company tq which be shall belong: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, to order the Iffue and Payment to any such Officer, Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier, during any such Commitment or Imprisonment, or either of them, or any Part thereof, of the Pay of any such Officer, Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier, or of any Proportion of such Pay, or of any Arrears thereof, either during such Commitment or Impnfon* ment, or after the Difcharge of such Officer, Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier after Convidion or otherwise, as shall appear to the Secretary at War to be proper, and the Order of the Scre^ry at War for the Payment ot such Pay or Arrears shall be a fua-cient Difcharge for such Payment.

XXII. Pro.

AJXiSu*

JI# GEO. HI.

C.8.

*9

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall General Court! be lawful for any fach General Courts Martial, by their Sentence	raay

or Judgment to inflid corporal Punilhment, not extending to Life or Limb, or Imprifonment, as such Court shall think fit, on any SoldieT for Immoralities, Mi {behaviour or Needed of Duty.

XXVII.	And whereas it may also be expedient that Officers of His Officers of the Majesty’s Land Forces when employed in conjunction with Officers in King’* Force! the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies should, in certain Cases, be afiociated for the Pur- mjy*gt inC0Q. pose of holding Courts Martial; Be it enacted and declared, That when junction at and as often .as there may be Occafion, it shall and may Jbe lawful for Courts Martial, Officers of His Majesty’s Land Foroes, and of the Forces in the kc»

Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to fit in comun&ioh at Courts Martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Officer or Soldier, in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such Courts Martial were composed of Officers of rlis Majesty’s Land Foroes, or of Officers in the Service of the said United Company only ; with this Diftindion that, upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of His Majesty’s Land Foroes, Regard shall be had to the Regulations and Provifions made by or in pursuance of {this Ad; and the Oaths administered to the several Members of the Court Martial shall be in the Terms by this Ad pre-feribed; and upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier in the Service of the said United Company, Regard shall be bad to the Regulations and Provifions made by or in pursuance of an Ad passed in the Twenty 27 G.a. c.91, seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An A3for punijb'wg Mutiny and Defcrtion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and for the Puni&ment of Offences umgkittedin the East Indies, or at the Ifland of Saint Helena; and the Oams administered to the several Members of the Court Martial shall be in the Terms preferibed by the fame Ad.

LXXV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and de- Prarifo toe dared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Pwfais haftfly Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ele- hdiftia* ven, when and as often as any Perfon or Perfons shall be enlisted as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Land Service, he or they shall, within Four Days, but not iooner than Twenty four Hours, after such infilling respectively, be carried or go with some Officer, Non-commiffion^d Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he shall be inlisted, or with the Perfon employe?

00	the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have inlisted, Before

fome Juftice of tne Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or

Chief Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate, redding or being

next to or io the Vicinity of the Place ana acting for the Divifion

or Diftrid where such Perfon or Perfons shall have been inlisted,

and not being an Officer in the Army, and before such Juftice or

Chief Magistrate, he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or

their Diflent to such inlifting5 and upon such Declaration, and

returning the inlifting Money, and also each Perfon so dissenting In what cafe

paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or hich Perfons

laid out upon him, together with such full Rate allowed by Law

for the Subfiftence or Diet and Small Beer furniftied to such Kecruit ln

fubfequent to the Period of his having been inlisted, such Perfon or

Perfons

A.O.ifitt.

e.*.

ji^GEO.llL

Juftice* to retd over to them ceitain Sections of the Article* of War, tad ad-miaifter Oaths.

Recruit* inlifted tinder 39 G. 3. r. 109. for E.I.C. Service, &c. take Oath of Allo-

Recruits inlifted Under 50 G. 3. t. 87. uke Oaths in Schedules (GJ and (a)

PerfonB so inlifting shall be forthwith difchftrged and fet at Liberty, in the Prefence uf such Juftice or Chief Magiftrate ; but if such Perfon or PerfonB shall refuse or negleet, within the Space of Twenty four Hobrs, to return and pay fu<m Money as afonelaid, he 6r they shall be deertied and taken to be inlisted, as if he or they had given bis or their Aflent thereto before the said Juftice or Chief Magistrate ; and if such Perfon or Perfons shall declare his Or their having voluntarily inlifted himself or themselves, then such Juftice or Chief Magiftrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to read ovtr, or in his own Prefence to cause to bfc read over, to such Perfon or Perfons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Seftion, and the First Artidle of the Sixth Seftion of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Defertion, and to tender arid admiuilh r to such Perfon or Periohs refpefctively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mbndbhed in the said Articles of War, but also the Oath mehtiotiod in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (A.), or if the Perfod shall be desirous of inlifting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, txidrked (B.); and if such Perfon dr Perfons shall take the said Oaths, then such Juftice or Chief Magiftrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand thfe inlifting and fwearihg, together With the Place of the tirth, Age and Calling, if known, of such Per-lon or Perfons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (C.J, if the Oath in the Forth marked (A.J shall have been taken, and in the Form marked (D.) If the Oath th the Form marked (B.) shall have been taken, except in the case of Results inlifted to serve either in His Majefty*s Troops, or in the Forceft of the £ajt India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, in ourluance of an Aft pafTed in the Thirty ttlfttn Year of the Reign ofHis Maleily, intituled. An Aidfdr better retmitirtg the Forces of the East India Company, in which case every such Recruit shall, inllead of the said Oath of Fidelity, and of the Oath con-&ihed in the Schedule (A.) or (B.) to this Aft annexed, take the Odth of Allegiance directed by the said Aft of the Thirty ninth of HiS Mifjefty, and contained in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, fhafked (E.); and the Juftice or Chie,f Magiftrate shall certify such Intiflmfent and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (F.); and except tflfb in the case of Recruits ertlifted for the special rurpo’fe of serving in the Fajl Indies, in the Forces of the East India Company only, in prrrfunr.ee of an Aft passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of Hrs Majesty, Intituled, Ah AS to amend Intto Aids relating to the r fifing Meti far the Service of the Eirft India Cttnpdny, and the quartering and Lillet ting fuel Men, and to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial, m Which' case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, take the Oath directed to be taken by the said Aft of the f iftieth Tear of His present Majesty aforesaid, and contained in the Schedule to fftis Aft annexed, marked (G.), and milead of the Oath of Service Contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B. J to this Aft annexed, Aalt take the Oath directed to be taken by the said recited Aft of (he Fiftieth Year aforesaid, and contained in the Schedule to this Aft annexed marked (H.), and the Juftice or Magi ft rafte shall certify such Inlift merit and Swearing accordingly, in the Form mentioned fn the Schedule t6‘ this Aft annexed, marked* (I.)f and if any futfr Perfon

AD.iftf J.

ji* GEO. lit	$t

or Perfons so to be certified, shall wilfully refttfe to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Juftice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom be has received such Money at aforesaid, to detain and confine such Perfon or Perfons until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that shall ad contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Aft to be inflicted upon any Officer for making a false and untrue Mufter; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the fame manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Aft to be levied of recovered : Provided always, that eveiy Non-commiffioned Officer or Name and Refi-Private Soldier, who shall inlift any Recruit, shall, at the Time of denceofRe-fnch inlisting, enquire the Christian and Surname, and Place of Abode cruiti ukcn of such Recruit, and either take the fame down in Writing, or give <Jown* the lame to the Non-commiffioned Officer commanding the Recruiting Party to be so taken down : Provided also, that it shall be lawful for Juftice* may dif« any Juftice of the Peace to discharge any Perfon who shall have charge Perfon* hastily inlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Diflent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of , foiinUfbnc Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Diflent Money, under this Aft, notwithstanding no Officer, Non-commiffioned Officer or Private Soldier, belonging to the Recruiting Party (halt be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Magiftrate upon the Examination of such Recruit or of any other Perfon that the Recruiting Party baa left the Place where such Recruit was inlisted, of that such Recmit could not procure any Non-commiffioned Officer belonging to such Party to go with such Recruit before the Juftice of the Peace | and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Difr charge shall be kept by the Juftice of the Peace, and paid when demanded to any Perfon belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the fame.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted. That any Perfon who shall Perfon* furred voluntarily forrender or deliver himself up as a Deferter, from any dering 11 Defef* Regiment or Corps of His Majesty’s Foroes, or who upon being Jef* *!**"**! ? apprehended for Defertion or any other Offence (hafi in the Prefence	“	*

of the Magiftrate confefs himself to be a Deferter from atnry such Regiment or Corps, shall be deemed to have been duly inlifted and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any such Regiment or Battalion or Corps of His Majesty’s Foroes, as His Majeftr Audi think fit to appoint, whether such Perfon shall have been ever actually inlifted as a Soldier or not.

4 XCIII. And whereas several Soidlers, being duly listed, do Justices may 4 afterwards desert, and are often found wandering or otherwise commit Delta*

* absenting themselves illegally1 from His Majefty** Service/ it is terfc hereby further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Coo&able, Headborotigh or Tithingman, of the Town or Place where any Perfon, who may he reasonably suspected to be such a Deferter,

shall be found; or for any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty’s Service, to apprehend, or eaufe fach suspected Perfon to be apprehended, and to bring or eaufe him to be brought before any Juftice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, wtto hath hereby Power to examine such suspected ’Perfon; arpd if, by hii Consession, or the Teftimonv of One or more Witnefs or WiUefics upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Juftice of the

Peace,

s*

Officers, embezzling, &C. Military Stores &c. may be triec by a Court Martial.

Paualty.

C. 8.	51° GEO. III.	A.D.1811.

Peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Perfon i* a lifted Soldier, ana ought to be with the Troop or Company to which be belongs, such Juftice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the Cbunty or Place where he shall be found; or the House of Corredtion, or other public Prifon in such Town or Place where such Deferter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deferter shall be apprehended within the City of London or Wejlmtnjler, or Places adjacent ; or to the Provoft Marfhal in case such Deferter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at War for the Time being, in London, or if the Deferter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors thereof, to the End that such Perfon may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded against according to Law : And the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Corre&ion or Prifon, in which such Deferter shall at any time be confined, shall receive such Subfiftence for the Maintenance of such Deferter during the time that he (hail continue in his Cuftody, as by His Majesty’s Regulations is or shall from time to time be direaed in that behalf, and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Corre&iou or other public Prifon of the City, Town or Place at or iu which the Party or Perfon conveying such Deferter shall halt on the March, shall and he is hereby required to receive and confine every such Deferter who shall be delivered into his Charge and Cuftody by any Non commissioned Officer or Soldier, who shall be conveying such Deferter under any lawful Order, Warrant or Authority, while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warrant or Authority for so doing than the Produdtion of the Warrant of the Juftice of the Peace on which such Deferter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Cuftody of the said Deferter, while the Party or Perfon conveying him shall halt on the March; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Commiflion Officer, Storekeeper or Commiffary, or Deputy or [ Afliftant Commiffary, or other Perlon employed in the Commiffariat Department, or in any manner in the Care or Diftrihution of any Money, Provisions, Forage or Stores, belonging to His Majefty^s Foroes, or for their Ufe, that shall embezzle or fraudulently mif-apply, or cause to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any Money, ProviGons, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition or other Military Stores to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied or to be spoiled or damaged, may be tried for the fame by and before a General Court Martial, and it shall be lawful for such Court Martial to adjudge any such Perfon to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punifhment of Pillory, Fine, ] mprifonment, Difmiflal from His Majesty’s Service, and Incapacity of lerving His Majesty in any Office Civil or Military as any such Court shall think fit according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, or that such Perfon shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds, aud that such Perfon shall,

iu

A.DiSii*

33

$i# GEO. IIL	Ci	8.

in addition to any other Puniihment, make good, at his own Expence, the Lofs and Damage thereby fu(lamed, to be ascertained by such Court Martial; which shall have Power to seize the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon so offending, and fell them for the Payment of the said Two hundred Pounds, and such Damage: And if For w«nt of fufiicient Goods and Chattels cannot be found and seized, then the lMrefr Offender Perfon so offending shall be committed to Prifon or the Common committe Gaol, there to remain (in addition to any other Punifhmcnt or Imprifonmcnt) for Six Months without Bail or Mainprize, and until he shall pay such Deficiency; and after the said Sum shall be Application of recovered and levied, the fame shall be applied and disposed of as Forfeiture.

His Majesty shall direct and appoint.

CVI. And, for the Encouragement of the due and well clothing Treafurymay of the Troops, be it hereby further ena&cd* That the Lord ‘flue out Money High Treasurer, -or the Commifiioners of the Treasury for the time for Clothing, being, may, if he or they fee convenient, at the End of every Six Months, issue the Money due for the Clothing of the several Regiments, Troops and Companies: And the Pay matter General Paymafter Gs-for the time being is hereby directed to pay the fame to fnch Perfon neral to pay or Perfons only as have a regular Affignment from the Colonel ot CJolh,n* Commandant or Perfon authorized by Law to make such Affign- one*‘ roent, and the Receipt of the Perfon or Perfons having or being lawfully entitled to such Affignment, shall be from time to time taken for the fame.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Oath.

J	do make Oath, That I am or have

been fdi ihe case may be) [fate Occupation if any, or fate if of none] ana to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [fate County, Parijh, Place,	and	that	I	am of the Age of

Years ; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to any other Regiment, or to His Majefty's Navy or Marines, and that I wilt serve His Majessy, his Heirs and Succeffors, for the Period of [this Blank to be filed up by the Magfrate with Seven Years for Infantry, Ten Tears for Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the Artillery, if the Perfon enlifing is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards ; but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten or Tnvelvi Tears, as the case may be~\ Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require my Service ; and also for such further Term, not exceeding Six Months, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any H>reign Station, and not exceeding Three Years, as shall be* dire&cd by any Proclamation of His Majesty : Provided always, that in the latter case the said additional Period shall determine whenever Six Months of continued Peace, to be reckoned from the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty, shall have elapsed subsequent to the Expiration of the said [Seven, Ten or Twelve, as the case maybeJ Years.

51 Geo. Il$t



e.

34

A<D.i8:i-

C.8#	51° GEO, III*

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Oath.

T	do	make	Oath,	that	I	am, or have been, (as tte

^ case may Be) [fiate Occupation if any, or fate if of none] and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [fiate County, Parijh9 Place, fcfr.] and that I am of the Age of	Years	; that I do

not belong to the Militia or any other Regiment, or to His Majcfty’a Navy or Marines; and that I will serve His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, until I shall be legally discharged.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Form of Juftice's Certificate.

T A.B, One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of

(or Chief Magiftrate of ) do hereby certify, That C.D. appearing to be Years old.	Feet	Inches high,

Complexion,	Eyes,	Hair, came before me at

on the	Day	of	One	thoufand	eight

hundred and	,	and	Hated himself to be of the Age of

Years, and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lamenefs, Deafnefs or otherwise, but had the perfect Ufe of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice; and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enliftcd himself for the Bounty of	to	ferve	His	Majefty

King George the Third, his Heirs and Succeflors, in the

Regiment of	commanded	by	and

did engage to serve for the Period of	[This	Blank

to be filled up by the Magiftrate with Seven Tears for Infantry, Ten Tears for Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the Artillery, if the Perfon enlijling is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards ; but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten or Twelve 7'ears, as the case may be] Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require his Service ; and also for such further Period as His Majesty shall please to direct, not to exceed in any case Three Years, and to determine whenever Six Months shall have elapsed of continued Peace subsequent to the Expiration of the Term of [Seven, or Ten, or Twelve] Years. And I do hereby certify. That in my Prefence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Se£Uon, and the First Article of the Sixth Se&ion ol the Articles of War against Mutiny and Defertion were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath above fet forth, and that he received the Sum of	on being attested ; and that

I	have given to the said C.D. a Duplicate of this Certificate, ligned with my Name.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Form of Jujlice*s Certificate.

T A.B. One of Hia Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of

(or Chief Magiftrate of ), do hereby certify, That C.D. appearing to -	b*

A.D.i8ii>

51° GEO. III.*

C.fc

be	Years	old.	Feet	Tnches high.

Complexion,	Eyes,	Hair,	came before

me at	,	on	the	Day of	One	thoufand

eight hundred and	,	and	dated	himfelf	to	be	of	the Age

of	Years,	and that he had no Rupture, and was not

troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lamenefs, Deafncfs or otherwise, but had the perfect Ufe of His Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice, and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of	to	ferve	His

Majesty King George the Third, his Heirs and SuccefTors, in the Regiment of	commanded by	until

he ftiould be legally discharged: And I do hereby certify, that in my Prefence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Se&ion, and the First Article of the Sixth Section, of the Articles of War againtk Mutiny and Defertion, were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in thefaid Articles of War, and also the Oath tQ the Effed above fet forth, and that he received the Sum of	on	being attested, and that I have

given to the said C-D. a Duplicate of this Certificate signed with my Name.

SCHEDULE (E.) [39 G, 3. c. 109. the fame as Schedule (C.) of 47 G. 3. SeJ.i. c. 32.]

SCHEDULE (F.) [Form of Ju(lice’sCertificate, the faiqe at Sche• dule (D.) of 47 G. 3. Sejf. 1. c. 3a.]

SCHEDULE (G.)

Oath of Allegiance*

IA.B. being enlisted to serve in the [Infantry or Artillery, at the case may be] of the Eafl India Company, do swear. That I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that I will, as in Duly bound, defend him in his rerfon, Crown and Dignity, again (I all his Enemies; and I swear that I will also be true to the laid United Company, and will duly observe and obey ail their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who fhaH be lawfully fet over me.

SCHEDULE (H.)

I A.B. do make Oath, That I am (or have been, at the case may * be) [flate Occupation if any, or fate if of none], and to the bed of ray Knowledge and Belief was born in [fate County, Pari/b or Place, £&.] and that I am of the Age of	Years,	and	that I do

not belong to the Militia or to any Regiment in His Majcfty’s Service, or to His Majesty’s Navy or Marines, and that I will serve the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Eafl Indies, until 1 mail be duly and legally discharged [or if the Recruit cnliflt for limited Service, then leave out the IVordt scored under and insert J for the Period of Twelve Years [if the Perfon enhfling is of tbs Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards, but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Dtf» ference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Twelve Tears, ft the case may be, and such Period to bs i^fcried iifleqd of Twelve

D 2	T‘*rs]



3^	C.3>9.	51# GEO. III.	A.D.1811.

Tears] provided the said United Company should so long require my

Service.

SCHEDULE (I.)

I	One	of	His	Majefty’s	Juftices	of	the	Peace of

[or Chief Magistrate of	3

do hereby certify, that	appeared to be

Years old.	Feet	Inches	high,	Complexion,	Eyes,	Hair,	came	before	me	at

on the	Day	of	,	and	Hated	himfelf to

be of the Age of	Years, and that he had no Rupture,

and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lame-nefs, Deafnefs or otherwise, but had the perfect Ufe of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice, and acknowledged that he had voluntarily inlifted himself for the Bounty of to serve the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and did engage to serve for the Period of

[ibis Blank to be filled up by the Magifirate either until dif-c barged, or for Tears, as in the preceding Form of Enlifimtnt\ and I do hereby certify, that in my Prefence the Third and Fourth Article# of the Second Se&ion and the First Articles of the Sixth Se6tion of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Defertion, were read over to him, and he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the AH of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majessy, and also the Oath above let forth, and that he received the Sum of	on

being attested, and that I have given to the said a Duplicate of this Certificate, iigned with my Name.

SCHEDULE (K.) [Form of Mailer’s Oath, the fame as Sche-dule (E.) 0/47 G. 3. Sefi i.e. 32.}

SCHEDULE (L.) [Form of Jultice’s Certificate, the fame as Schedule (F.) of 47 U. 3. SeJ. 1. c. 32.]

SCHEDULE (M.)

Form of Oath.

T	'	do	hereby	make	Oath,	That	I	have not

applied any Money or Stores, or Supplies, under my Care or Dif-tribution, to my own Ufc, or to the private Ufe of any other Perfon by way of Loan to such Perfon, or otherwise, or in any Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied to any other than public Purposes, and according to the Duty of my Office. Sworn before me by the within named 7

this	Day	of	J	A.B.

[Juftice of the Peace for the County of

or Commander in Chies, or Second in Command, itfe. the Army serving in	fcfr.	as	the	Cafe	may bel\

CAP. IX.

An AH for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.	[22d	March	1811.]

4 TT7HEREAS it may be necessary, for the Safety of the United * VV Kingdom and the Defence of the Pofiefficns of the Crown 4 of Great Britain and Irelandthat a Body of Royal Marine Forces

‘ fliould

A.D.1811.

17

510 GEO. ni.	C.9.

•	(hould be employed in His Majesty’s Fleet and Naval Service, under

*	the Direftion of the Lord High Admiral or Commiflioners for

*	executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United King-4 dom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas the said Royal 4 Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, where they 1 will not be iubjeft to the Laws relating to the Government of His

•	Majefty’s Forces by Sea; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for 4 the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Dif-4 cipline be observed; and that Marines who shall mutiny or stir up 4 Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty’s Service, be brought to a 4 more exemplary and speedy Piniilhmeut than the Law will allow Be it enacted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ?fleinbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, if any Perfon being entered or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Non-commiffioned Officer or Private Man, inl any Divifion of Royal Marines in His Majesty’s Service, and on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall remain in such Service, or during the Continuance of this Aft, shall be voluntarily entered and in Pay, as a Marine Officer or Private Man in His Majesty’s Service ; and being ordered or employed in such Service, at any time during the Continuance of this Aft, on Shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, shall begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company to which he doth or shall belong, or in any o^her Company, Tro^p or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Foroes, in His Majesty’s Service 5 or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny, or intended Mutiny, shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall desert His Majesty’s Service, or, being actually entered as a Marine in any Company, shall lift himself in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, or enter as a Seaman in His Majesty’s Service, without first having" a Difcharge in Writing from the Officer com. manding in Chief the Company in which he lait served as a Marine, in which cale he shall be reputed a Deferter; or shall be found deeping upon his Poft ; or shall leave it before relieyed; or shall hold Corre-fpondence with any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, by any ways or means, or in any manner whatsoever; or shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without His Majelly's Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Three or more of the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being ; or shall strike gr use any Violence against his Superior Officer being in the Execu.r tion of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer 5 all and every Perfon and Perfons so offending in any or either of the Matters before mentioned, on Shore, in any Pa^t of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Paits. shall suffer Death, or such other Punifhment as by 9 Court Martial shall be injlifted.

P 3	IY. Awl

A.D.iSii.

3*

Admiralty etn-jKJwercd to make Articles for Punilhment of Mutiny and Deiertion, &c.

end to constitute Courts Martial. Articles of War tran mitted to Judges.

Oaths to he takeri by Members of Divifional Courts Martial,

C.9, id*	^rGEO.	IIL

IV* And be it further enacted, That it fhaH and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, at any time during the Continuance of this Aft, to make and establish Rules and Articles in Writing, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, for the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion, Immorality, Mifbehaviour and Negleft of Duty, in any of His Majefty’a Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty’s Dominions or in Foreign Parts, and for bringing Offenders against the fame to Juftice; and to erect and constitute Courts Martin, with Power to try, hear and determine any Crimes or Offences specified in such Rules and Articles, and inflict Punifhments, by Sentence or Judgment for the fame, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft ; and all such Articles of War (hull from time to time, as soon after the fame shall have been eilablifhed as the fame can be done, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being to the Judges of His Majefty’8 Courts at Westminster and Dublin and into Scotland refpec-tively.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That m all Trials by any Divifional or Detachment Courts Martial which shall be held by virtue of this Aft, or of any Articles of War established in pursuance thereof, every Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the Oaths hereinafter mentioned upon the Holy Evangelifts (which Oaths shall and may be administered by the President of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the President by any Member having firff taken the said Oaths); that is to fay,

*	YOU shall well and truly try and determine according to your

*	Evidence in the Matter now before you.

* So help you GOD/

*	T A. B. do swear, That I will duly admimfler Juftice according

*	to the Rules aud Articles for the better Government of His

*	Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces when on Shore, and according to

*	an Aft of Parliament now in force for the Punifhment of Mutiny

*	and Defertion, and of other Crimes therein mentioned, without € Partiality. Favour or Affeftion ; and if any Doubt shall arife

*	(which is not explained by*the said Articles or Aft of Parliament)

*	according to my Confcience and the betl of my Understanding,

*	and the Cuflom of War.	So help me GOD/

And the President of every such Court Martial (not being under the Rank of a Captain) shall be appointed by the Commanding Officer of the Divifion or Detachment directing iuch Court Martial j and every such Divifional or Detachment Court Martial is hereby authorized aud directed to adrriiuifter an Oath to every Witnefs that shall appear before them. •

{This 48, except the Claufes above inserted, is Jimilar to 50 G. 3. c. 14.3

CAP. X.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One ' thousand eight hundred and thirty three, certain Afts of the Parliament of Ireland, so far as the fame relate to the Im-'	-	provement

A-D.18u,

C. 10, j i,

39

51* GEO- III,

provement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient PafTages through the fame. [25th March 1811.3

*	\Y7HEREAS an Aft was made in the Parliament of Ireland 21 sc 22 G. j.

*	VV in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of His pre- OOc.17.

4 sent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the 3°G. 3.

*	City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Pajjages through the 4 fame, and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof which was to con-

*	tinue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thnufand

*	feven hundred and eighty eight j which laid recited Aft, by an Aft 23* 24 q% ^ 4 made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty third and Twenty (0 c.31.

*	fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, was amended and 4 continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand

*	eight hundred and ten; and by another Aft made in the Parliar 30 G 3. (I,)

*	ment of Ireland in the Thirtieth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, c,19-

4 was further amended ; and by another Aft made in the Forty ninth ^	3*	*17**

4 Year of His present Majesty’s Reign was further continued; And

*	whereas it is expedient that the said several recited Afts should bp 4 further continued, so far as, the fame relate to the Improvement

*	of the City of Dublin ;y Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty by and with the Advipe and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said So far as they several recited Afts, and every of them, fp far as the fame relate to rc,ate t£> th* the Improvement of the City of Dubliny by making wide and conve-

nient PafTages through the fame, and all Clauses, Provifions and Re- U * Filiations in the said recited Afts, or any of them contained, and all Powers and Authorities whatever given or created by the said recited Afts, or any of them, for the Purpofe of carrying into Effeft such Improvement of the said City of Dublin, and for the making such wide and convenient PafTages through the fame, shall be and the fame are hereby further continued, and shall remain and be iu force until the continued tiB Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty March 25, three, and np longer.	1 33*

II.	And be it further enacted, This this Aft, and thp said several Afts may be recited Afts hereby continued, or any of them, may be amended, altexe<1> ** altered or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be passed ip this present £effion of Parliament.

CAP. XI.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty two, certain Afts of the Parliament of brelandy so far as the fame relate to the Duty on Coals imported into the Harbour of Dubliny and to the regulating the Coal Trade thereof. [ij^th March 181

*	W^EREAS ^ an Act made iu the Parliament of Irelandy 21 &

1 VV holden in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of *

1 Hia present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An A& for the Improve-1 ment of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Pajfagex,

4 through the fame9 and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof; it was^ among other Things, enacted, That, from and after the Fivft

*	Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty two, untit \ the Twenty fifth Day of March which fhuuld be in the Year One,

I> \	‘

C. ii.

A.D.i8n»

4*

51" geo. in.

•1 le 24 G 3.

<10 c.

30G.3. (t.)e.

49 G. 3. e.71.

Additional Duty of is. per Ton of Coals, not the Produce of Ireland, continued till March 35,

%l k 22 G. 3.

(1.) c repealing so much of Irifli Adi 6 G. 3. as relates to the buying and fell-pig of Coals,

*	thoufand seven hundred and eighty eight, there should be granted,

*	raised, levied and paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors,

4 a net Additional Duty of One Shilling for and upon every Ton 4 of Coals, not being the Produce of Ireland, which should be im-

*	ported or brought into the Harbour of Dublin during the time f aforesaid, and io in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity;

4 the (aid Duty to be paid over and above all Duties then payable 4 on the fame : And whereas by an Adi made in the Parliament of 4 Ireland, in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His 4 present Majesty’s Reign, for continuing and amending the said 4 recited Adt of the Twenty first and Twenty second Years, the said ? Duty was further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March f One thousand eight hundred and ten; and by an Ad made in 4 the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirtieth Year of His M a jelly’s 4 Reign, the said recited Ad of the Twenty first and Twenty second ? Years was further amended ; and by an Ad made in the Forty

*	ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, all the said recited

*	Ads were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March 4 One thousand eight hundred and eleven ; And whereas it is ex*

*	pedient that the laid Duty should be further continued May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty two, and no longer, the said additional Duty of One Shilling for and upon every Ton of Coals not being the Preduce of Ireland, which shall be imported or brought into the Harbour of Dublin during the time aforesaid, shall Continue to be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and that the said Duty shall be raised, levied and applied in such Manner, and by fuqh Ways and Meaus, and for such Purpofcs and with such Exceptions, Limitations and Reflridlions, and subject to such Account, as is mentioned and provided by the said hereinbefore recited Adis, or any of them, with fefpedl to the Duty granted or continued by the said recited Acts, or any of them.

4 II. And whereas by the said recited Adi made in the Parlia-

*	ment of Ireland, in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years 4 of His present Majesty’s Reign, so much of an Adi made io

*	Ireland in ^he Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King

*	George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing 4 the eiigrojjing and regrating of Coals in this Kingdom, and of every

4	other Adi or Adis of Parliament theretofore made in the faid

5	Kingdom, was repealed and made null and void, as tended in any 4 Degree to prevent any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Cor-4 porate, from buying or laying up in One Year more than a certain 4 Quantity of Coals, or to give the Lord Mayor or any Magistrate, 4 Minifter or Churchwarden, a Power to enter the Celiars, Houfes 4 or Yards, or any Perfons buying Coals, and to direct the Coals 4 therein to be fold, or to give the Lord Mayor of the City of Dub-? I in, a Power to compel to be brought up to the Quay and fold, \ any Coals on board any Ship or Gabbard, which Coals fhoufd

A.D.iBii

C. ii, la.

4*

51® GEO. III.

*	have been previously fold to any Perfon resident in the said City

*	of Dublin, or to any Perfon or Perfons trading or dealing in Coala^ 4 or to limit the Number of Factors, Burfers or Agents, for buying 4 and felling of Coals in the City of Dublin, or to require them or 4 any Perfon purchasing Coata for Sale, or keeping any Yard therein

*	for felling Coals, to take out any Licence on account of the fame

*	or give Security, or take any Oath as a Faftor, Burfer or Agent,

1 or to prevent any Perfon keeping a Gabbard, Lighter or Boat, for 4 the Purpofc of carrying Coals; and it was also by the said recited

*	Aft of the Twenty first and Twenty second Years aforesaid enacted,

4 that every Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, should 4 be at full Liberty to buy and fell Coals at fnch Prices and Times,

4 in such Manner and Quantities and Form, and to such Perfons as 4 he, (he or they {hould choose, any Law to the contrary in any 4 wife notwithftandingBe it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said recited Aft of the Twenty first and Twenty second Years aforesaid, as is and are hereinbefore last rehearsed and fet forth, stall be and the fame are hereby continued, and shall be and remain in full Force and Effeft until the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty two, and no longer.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Aft and the said several recited A As hereby continued, or any of them, may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be patted in this present Sefiion of Parliament.

CAP. XII.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Aft for reguhiing the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.	[25th March 1811.]

4 Y T T HE REAS the Aft hereinafter mentioned has by Ex-4 VV perience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient 4 that the fame should be further continued in manner hereinafter men-4 tioned\9 Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad to pro-vide more effeBually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, andfor allowing British Plantation . Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day 0/* March One thousand eight hundred and eight; and which, by an Act made in the last Seflion of Parliament, was continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall be aud the fame is hereby further continued from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, except only so much of the said recited Aft of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid as relates to the allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Irelandy and which, under the Proyifions of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majcfty’s Reign, for woutinuin^ the said Aft of the Forty seventh Year, is directed to

continued till Marih 3J, 183a.

Aft may be altered, &c.

47 ®-3- SeflT.1* c. 19.

50 G. 3- c.If.

49 G.3.c-3*.

4*

48 O. 3.0.3a,

Aft may be altered, *c.

43 G. 3-c.xi. 45 G 3.C.93.

49 G.3 c.ix.

49	G. 3. c.98.

50	G.3. c.18.

C. 12, r3,	yi* GEO. III.	£.D*iSir«

be warehoused, under the Provifions of an Act made in the Forty ^ighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for permitting Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

II.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft, and the Aft hereby continued, may be amended, altered or repealed by any Aft palled ia this Seifian of ParUament.

cap. xin.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Gnat Britain $ and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Att of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended; and for continuing so much of an Aft of the Twenty feyenth Year of His present Majesty as allows a Bounty upon Double Refined Sugar exported, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen* and so much of the fame Aft as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty fifth Day pf March One ^houfand eight hundred and twelve.

£25th March 1811.3

WHEREAS an Aft patted in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for discontinuing certain 4 Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great * Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in. lieu 4 thereof until the Fifteenth Day of January Qjie thoufat.d eigln hvn-4 dred and four : And whereas an Aft palled in the Forty fiitn Yean * of His present Majesty, intituled. An A3 to amendTwo A8spaffed 4 in the Forty third and Forty fifth Tears of His present Majefiyy for 4 regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar 4 from Great Britain : And whereas Three other Afts passed in the . 4 Forty sixth, Forty seventh and Forty eighth Years of His present * Majesty, for further continuing the said Aft of the Forty third 4 Year of His present Majesty : And whereas another Aft passed in € the Forty ninth Year oi His present Majesty, intituled, Ah A3 for 4 further continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand 4 eight hundred ani ten, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Ex-4 portation of Sugar from Great Britain ; and for suspending the Coun-4 tervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by 4 an A3 of the Forty sixth Tear of His present Majesty shall be 4 suspended: And whereas an Aft passed in the Forty ninth Year 4 of the Reign of His piefent Majesty, intituled, An A3 for repealing 4 the several Duties oj Cufioms chargeable in Great Britain, and fir 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And whereas by another Aft * passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty, intituled. An A3 for 4 further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand 4 eight hundred and elevent certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the 4 Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain ; and for suspending the 4 Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties iwpofed.

A.D.i8u.

51* GEO. Ill.

43

*	by an AS of the Forty Jixth Tear of His present Majesty shall la 4 fufP*nded: the Drawbacks allowed by the laid recited Afct palled 4 in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, and the Bounties allowed by the 4 laid recited Ad of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefeut

*	Majefty, were further continued ; and it is expedient that the said 4 Drawbacks and Bounties so continued by the laid lall recited A£t 4 should be further continuedBe it therefore enacted by the King’6 Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That the several Drawbacks in the Schedule to the said last recited I>r*w1»ck»t* Ad of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid annexed, and the Bounties Sch«J,uleof in the Schedule to the said recited Ad of the Forty fifth Year of	^

the Reign of His present Majesty annexed, shall be respectively paid Schedule to and allowed in like manner in every respect, and fubied to and 45 G. 3. e 93, under, and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Keftridions, *N°wed (Exctp-Penalties and Forfeitures, (except where any Alteration is made by “ hereto* this Ad) as the said Drawbacks and Bounties were reipedively paid ,orc* or allowed before the palling of this Ad.

II. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear by Notice Ifhy Notice in. in the London Gazette published on the Saturday which shall happen ^nc^?n next after the first tVednefday in May, the first Wednefday in September AvcrsgePrices One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or the first Wednefday ia of Brown or January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, that the Average Mufcovado Su-Prices of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar taken in manner directed by an ^ n , Ad made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present ^Cper ctt? Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Draw- Drawbacks aW back and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar and for lowed, &c. permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and 31G 3. c. 43. Bermuda Iflands in foreign Ships, for the Four preceding Months computed to the Wednefday immediately preceding such Saturday as aforesaid, shall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings for an Hundred,

Weight excluiive of the Duties of Cuftoms paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain, then and hi every such case, the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedules to the said recked Ads pafledin the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty aforesaid respectively annexed mentioned, as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the London Gazette (hail have been given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed until Notice of any other Average shall in like manner appear in the London Gazette on any other of such Saturdays as before mentioned, and such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like manner in every respect, and (abject and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations,

Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures as any Drawbacks or Bounties

were paid or allowed before the passing of the said first recited Ad

(except as any such Rules or Regulations are altered by the faid

recited Ads of the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years aforefaid) and

the whole of the Duty granted by an Ad pafTed in the Forty first 4* G. 3 (IMS )

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An Act for

granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Cujloms on Timber, Sugar,

Raifmi and Pepper, imported into and on Lead exported from Great Britain, upon Sugar imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and, warehoused according to Law, and fold at the Sales of the (aid

7

1

A.D.iSit

44

c.13.

51* GEO. in.

39 0.3. e. 63. 49,G-3- c-9?-

(I9G.3.C.43.

When Treasury suspend Payment * of Duty on Sugar granted • by 49 G. 3 C.9& they (hallalfo suspend Countervailing Duties, See,

4.;G. 3. c. ir. continued, for Poi t of London, till March 15, 1812. and for other Parts of G. B. till March

Company after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, shall, upon Delivery thereof out of Warchoufe for Exportation during the time of any Drawbacks or Bounties being* paid or allowed under this Ad in respect of British Plantation Sugar, be wholly drawn back under such Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as any former Drawbacks are paid and allowed; any thing in an Ad parted in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefen t Majesty contained to the contrary not with-ftanding.

4 III. And whereas by an Ad parted in the Forty ninth Year of * the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A8 for repealing 4 the federal Duties of Cujloms chargeable in Great Britain, and for 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof the Lord High Treasurer or 4 the Lords Commiflioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three 4 or more of them, are authorized to suspend the Payment of the 4 additional Duties of Cuftoms on Sugar, granted by the said last 4 recited Ad, either in the Whole or in Part, whenever the Average 4 Price of Sugar afeertaiued as directed by the last recited Ad, and 4 by another Ad parted in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty, 4 intituled, An A8 for regulating the Mode in which the Average 4 Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, excluftve of the Duty thereon, 4 is to he afeertained under the Proviftons of an A8 passed in the Forty 4 Jixtb Tear of His present MajtJly shall be below the Prices meu-4 tioned in the said lirft recited Ad of the Forty ninth Year afore-4 said : And whereas it is expedient, that, during the Period of such 4 Sufpenrton, the Countervailing Duties on Refined Sugar imported 4 from Ireland into Great Britain, and the equivalent Drawback or 4 Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Relined Sugar of the Ma-4 nufadure of Great Britain, and also the additional Bouuty on the 4 Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain, other than to 4 Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said last recited Ad, should in 4 like Manner be fufpendedBe it therefore further enacted, That whenever the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commiflioners of His Majelly’s Treasury for the time being, shall exercise the Power vetted in them, and shall, according to the Directions of the said Ad, suspend the Payment of the Whole or Part of the Duties on Sugar thereby imposed, it shall be lawful for them and they are hereby authorized and required in like manner and for the like Period, to suspend either the Whole of the additional Countervailing Duties of Cuftoms on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain, and of the additional Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufadure of Great Britain, and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said last recited Ad, or such Part thereof respectively as shall bear a just Proportion to the Amount of Duty so suspended.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Ad of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, and all the Powers, Provi-iions,'Authorities, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Tilings in the. said Ad contained, except as the fame are varied or altered by this Act, shall be and the lame are hereby further continued from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and shall be and retuaiu in full Force until the Fifteenth Day of

March

A.D.1811.

4*

$idGEO. III.	C-ij.

March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, for the Port of London* and until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, for other Parts of Great Britain.

4 V. And whereas by an Ad palled in the Forty seventh Year of *7 G-3* Xt

*	His present Majessy, intituled, An AS to allow for Two Tears*from c 4 and after the pajfing of this A8, an additional Bounty on Double

4 Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar 4 to such as shall be pounded* crajhed or broken ; and to allow for One 4 Tear certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported* a

*	certain Bounty was allowed upon the Expoitation of Double Re- § *•

4 fined Sugar, and also a Bounty was allowed upon the Exportation §

4 of Raw Sugar; and it was enacted, that so much of the said recited $ 1U 1 Ad as related to the allowing of a Bounty upon Double Refined 4 Sugar, should continue in force for T wo Years from the passing of the 4 (aid Ad, and so much thereof as related to the allowing of a 4 Bounty upon Raw Sugar, should continue in force for One Year 4 from the palling of that Ad : And whereas by another Ad pafTcd

*	in the Forty eignth Year of His present Majessy, intituled, An AS 4&G*3 c,xa#

4 to amend and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One

4 thousand eight hundred and nine, so much of an AS of the Forty 4 seventh Tear of His present Majesty as allows certain Bounties on 4 British Plantation Raw Sugar exported* so much of the said first 4 recited Ad as related to the said Bounties upon Raw Sugars, was 4 further continued with certain Alterations till the Twenty fifth 4 Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine 2 And 4 whereas so much of the said recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year 47 G. 3.SeflI x*

4 aforesaid, as relates to the Bounties upon Double Refined Sugar,	coo-

4 and so much thereof as relates to the Bounties upon Raw Sugar,

4 as altered and continued by the said lafl recited Ad, and also the 4 said lafl recited Ad altering and continuing the fame, have been 4 by subsequent Ads continued until the Twenty fifth Day of 4 March One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and it is expe-4 dient that the said Bounties should be further continued Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Ad of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, as relates to the Bounties upon Double Refined Sug ars shall be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of Alarch One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, andfo much of the said lafl mentioned Ad as relates to the. Bounties on Raw Sugars, as altered and continued by the said recited Ad of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, and also the said lafl mentioned Ad altering and continuing the fame, shall be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and Bounty on Raw after the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and j*u8ar governed eleven, the Allowance of the Bounty granted upon the Exportation p^^Cof?;Browl> from Great Britain (except to Ireland) of British Plantation Raw $usar#

Sugar by the said lafl recited Ad- of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, shall be governed by the Average Prices of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, computed and published in the London Gazette, for the Periods, at the times, and in the manner hereinbefore directed.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be altered, Ad may varied or repealed by any Ad to be pafied in this present Seffiofi of tered, Sec. Parliament.

CAP.

51* GEO. m.

A.D.181 f

c.14*

89 G. 1 c. j 5. continued u>l March 2J»l8ai.

39 G.3.C.87. further continued during Continuance of the War, fee.

CAP. XIV.

An Ad to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Iri/h Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax into Great Britain, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one $ to the prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation into Great Britain of Coni, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provifion without Payment of Duty during the Continuance of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace ; and to the permitting the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[25th March 1811 •]

WHEREAS the Laws hereinafter mentioned have by Expe-4 VV rience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient 4 that the fame should be further continuedBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, aud Commons, in this prefect Parliament alLmblod, and by the Authority of the fame. That an Ad made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reigu of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An A3 for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of Britifti and Irifh Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Tarns made of Flax; which said Ad was by Two other Ada of the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty extended and continued until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty fix, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, and which by several subsequent A6ts was further continued until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, and revived and further continued by an Ad of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and further continued by Two Ads of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Ad made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majcfty's Reign, intituled, An A3 for enabling His Majcfy to prohibit the Exportation and permit the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provifion without Payment of Duty, to continue in force until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Sejfton of Parliament, which, was continued by an Ad of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of * His present Majesty, and amended and further continued by several subsequent Ads until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven* shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth

Day

A.D.i8i I*

4T

5i# GEO. III.

C. 14,15.

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be and the fame is hereby further continued during the Continuance of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

III. And be it further enacted, That an Ad made in Forty 49 G.3. 0.15. ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 continued till to permit until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hun- ^*arc*1 1$>l dred and eleven, the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever, shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Dayi of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be and the fame is hereby continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou<-fand eight hundred and twelve.

and other Causes, great Inconvenience and PrefTure are

*	experienced by the Manufadurers of Cotton Goods, and by the € Importers of Produce from the Foreign Wefi India Iflands and

*	South America, and also by Perfons engaged in some other Branches

*	of Trade, which have been subject to peculiar Difficulty and In-‘ terruption, and it is expedient that Your Majesty be enabled to

*	dired Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of Six Millions, to be ifTued

*	to Commiflioners, to be by them advanced under certain Regula-« tions and Reftridions, for the Affiftance and Accommodation of

*	fuch Manufadurers and other Perfons as ought in the Judgment

*	of the said Commissioners to receive the fame, on due Security

*	being given for the Repayment of the Sum so advanced within

*	time to be limited *' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it hjs

may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Mott Excellent may empower Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spi- Treasury to di-ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem- ret.^ Exchequer bird, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants agreeabuTto under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Com« 480,3.0.1. miffioners of His Majeftv's Treasury now or for the time being. Exception, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at His Majesty’s Exchequer, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Six Millions; in the fame or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Diredions (except where other Diredions for making out the fame are contained and particularly expressed in this Ad) as in and by an Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS for regulating the ijfuing and paying off of Exchequer Bill*, are enacted and preferibed.

II. And be it further enacted. That all and every the Clauses, 48 0.3.0,1. Provifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures "tended to Ex-and Difabilities, contained in the said last mentioned Ad, shall be underVhb Aft applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pur- u fiance of this Ad, as fully and effectually to all intents and rur-

C A P. XV.

An Ad for enabling His Majesty to direct the IfTue of Exchfc-quer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purpofes and in

Manner therein mentioned.

[ad April 1811.]

HE REAS from the present State of Commercial Credit,

poses,

4.9

Bills tn bear Intcrcll of 2-Jd per Lent, per Diem.

When payable.

Provifo as to receiving Bills in Payment of Taxes,

Commiflioncrs.

C15.	ft*	GEO.	III.	A'D«i8ii,

poses, as if the said several Claufes or Provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-ena£led in the Body of this A&.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Adi fhalland may bear an Intereft not exceeding the Rate of Two Pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem, upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein ; and that Onc-fourtli Part of each Clafs or Denomination of such Bills fh.ill be made payable on the Firil Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve; One other Fourth Part thereof, on the Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve; One other Fourth Part thereof, on the Fourth Day of Augujl One thousand r ight hundred and twelve ; and the Refidue thereof on the Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twelve ; and that the Principal Sum contained in every such Bill, together with such Interefl as aforesaid to be computed from the Day of the Date thereof until the time by this Adi appointed for Payment thereof, shall be paid off and discharged upon the Days and Times respectively appointed for the Payment thereof.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Adi, or so many of them as shall from time to time remain undifeharged and uncancelied, after the respective Days on which they ftull become due and payable, shall and may after that time pass and be current to all and every the Receivers and Colledtors in Great Britain, of the Cuftoms, Excifc, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, and also at the Receipt of Exchequer of Great Britain, from the said Receivers or Collectors, but no such Receiver or Colledlor shall exchange at any time before the said Day of Payment thereof, for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Adi ; nor shall any Adlion be maintained again ft such Receiver or Colledlor for ncgledling or refusing to exchange any such Exchequer Bill for ready Money before the said Day of Payment thereof; any thing in this Adi to the contrary contained in any wife notwithstanding ; and that such of the fame Bills as shall be received at the Exchequer, shall and may be locked up and secured as Cafh, according to the Courfe of the Exchequer, Tettled and established by Law, for locking up and securing Monies received in Specie there.

V.	And be it further enacted, That Thomas Hamilton Esquire, commonly called Lord Binning, the Honourable William Lamb, the Honourable William Beauchamp Lygon, Jojhua Jonathan Smith Esquire, Sir James Sha<ib Baronet, Sir John Perring Baronet, Harvey Christian Combe Esquire, Charles Grant Esquire, John Smith Esquire, Thomas Hughan Esquire, John Christian Curwen Esquire, George Bellas Greenough Esquire, James Brogden Esquire, Charles Bofan• quet Esquire, John Thornton Esquire, Job ^Matthew Raikes Esquire, Charles Pole Esquire, John Inglis Esquire, Thomas Bainbridgc Ef-auire, John Jofiah Holford Efquire and Beniamin Harrifon Esquire, fnall be, and are hereby constituted Commiflioners for advancing and lending to any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or to the Merchants, Bankers and Traders, refideut within the Kingdom of Great Britain, upon the Depofit9 and Securities, and under the Terms and Conditions, and subject to the Regulations herein mentioned, the

Exche-

49

$i°GEO. III.	C.i$.

Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Aft ; .and the laid Commiflioners are Herpby respectively required to execute the Powers and Authorities given to them by this Aft, without any Fee, Reward, Emolument or Gratuity whatever.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That any Two of the laid Com* Commjfll wets imiflioners in this Aft named, before they enter upon the Execution to take Oath, of the fame* shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Eat*

chequer or the Mailer of the Rolls for the Time being, which they or either of them are aud js hereby authorized aiid required to ad* miuiiter; the Tenor whereof shall be as Followcth ; that is to fay,

‘ J AB, do swear. That according to the best of my Judgment I ‘ will faithfully and impartially execute the several Powers and

* Trails veiled in me by an Aft, intituled, An Aft {here fet forth

*	the Title of this 'Aft 1 according to the Tenor and Purport of the ■ said Aft/

And every other of the said Commiflioners in this Aft named, Ihatl likewise take the fame Oath before the said TwO Commiflioners, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the fame, 'after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as a fore said.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That the said Commiflioners ap- Commtflfoners

{jointed by this Aft shall Have Power to meet and (it, from time	»l>-

to time, in such Place or Places a9 they shall find moil convenient,

with or without Adjournment; and they or any Seven or more of	*c.

them, shall and may appoint and employ a Secretary, and so many Clerks, Brokers, Meflengers and Officers as they shall think meet; and allow to such Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, Meflengers and Officers, with the Confent and Approbation of the Commiflioners of the Treasury for the time being, in Writing, under their Hand*; such reasonable Salaries as the said Commiflioners appointed by this Ad shall think meet \ and shall and may also employ a Solicitor, and illov to such Solicitor such Salary or Reward as the said Commit*

(loners shall think reafbnkble for his Care and Labour ; and shall and may give and admiuifler to such Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks*

Brokers and Officers respectively an Oath for their faithful Demeanor

in all things relating to the due Performance of the Trulls reposed in

them by the said Commiflioners, and in all other tilings touching the

fcremiks; and from time to time at their Difcretion difmiis and cif-

charge such Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, Meflengers and

other Officers, and appoint others in their Place $ and the laid Sbli- No other R#*

citor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers and Officers are hereby required J than Sa*

faithfully to execute and perform the said Trails, in them feveralfy and brief.

respectively reposed, without taking any thing for such Service,

other than such Salaries or Reward as the said Commiflioners fhall

ilireft and appoint in Manner afurefaid.	j

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Officer or other Peifon officers in Ex-of Perfons whatsoever, employed in and about the Execution of this chequer not to Aft; in the Receipt of His Majefty** Exchequer, shall demand, receive Fee*, take or accept , any Fee or Gratuity whatsoever, for their Care and

Labour; other than such Allowances or Rewards as shall or may be grunted lo them under the Authority of the Lords Commiflioners of His Majelly's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being.

51 Gso. Ill,	E

IX. And

5°

C.i$.

51® GEO. III.

A.D.1811.

Commiflioners may examine n|>on Oath, and receive Dentitions made be-fore Magiil rates.

Provifo.

Pei jury.

Treasury to issue Money for Execution of MU

Account laid before Parliament.

Commiflioners to receiv e Ap-

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners, or any Three or more of th?m, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to examine upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they or any One or more of them, stc and is hereby authorized to adminifter^ all Perfons who shall be willing to be examined touching all such Matters and Things as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers veiled in the laid Com-mifiioners by this Ad ; and also to receive any Affidavits or Depofi-tious in Writing upon Oath or Affirmation, touching such Matters or Things as aforefaia, which shall be made before any Juilice of the Peace of any County or Shire, or any Magiflrate of any City, llo-rough, or Town Corporate in Great Britain or Ireland, where or near to which the Perfon making such Affidavit or Depofition shall reside, and certified and tranfmitteQ to the said Commiflioners appointed by this Ad, under the Hand and Seal of such Juftice or Magiflrate (which Oath or Affirmation every such Juflice or Magiflrate fnall be and is hereby authpiized and empowered to adminifter} : Provided that ill every such Affidavit or Depofition there shall be expressed, the Addition of the Party making such Affidavit or Deposition, and the particular Place of his or her Abode.

X.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the said Com-miffioners respectively, or if any Perfon or Perfons making any such Affidavit or Depofition as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall in such Affidavit or Depofition wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm or alledge any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Perfon or Perfons so offending, and being thereof duly convidrd, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties As by any Law now in being Perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commiflioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the time being, are hereby respectively authorized and required to issue and cause to be advanced all such Sums of Money to such Perfon or Perfons, in such Maimer and in such Pioportiens, as the said Commiflioners appointed by this Ad, or any Seven or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands from time to time, desire, out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His MajeAy’s Exchequer, to be replaced in the Manner hereinafter mentioned ; which Sums so to be issued and advanced shall be employed for the Payment of Allowances, and in' defraying all other necessary Charges and Expenees in and about the Execution of this Ad, without other Account than before the Lords Commiflioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and which Money so to be issued shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate or Affeflinent whatsoever, im-pofed by Authority of Parliameat ; but that an Account of the said Charges and Expenees shall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament within Two Months after the Expiration of the Commission, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if Parliament shall not be fitting, then Nvithin Fourteen Days alter the Commencement of the then next Selfion of Parliament.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That on the Day next after this Ad shall have received the Royal Afsent, or as soon after as the faid

Com-

AJD.iSn.

51

510 GEO. III.	C.i	s.

Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, who shall have taken plicntiatuiu the said Oath as aforesaid, shall meet on the Day next after the palling Writing for of this Aft, or as soon after as any Seven of the laid Commissioners can assemble, and receive or appoint a proper Perfon for receiving Certify ’ all such Applications in Writing as shall be made to them from any Amount wanted. Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or from any Merchants, Bankers or Traders in Great Britain, for the Loan and Advance of Money by Exchequer Bills as aforesaid ; and shall also then fix and appoint a Day not later than the Fourth Day from the Day of their First Meeting as aforesaid, for taking into their Confidcration all such Applications, and shall meet together for that Purpofc, and shall proceed with all convenient Dti patch to a (certain the Amount of the Sums in Exchequer Bills, which in their Judgment will be immediately requisite to be advanced under this Aft, in pursuance of Applications then delivered, and shall forthwith certify such Amount to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, by One or more Certificate or Certificates under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them ; and the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Treasury to di-Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time Exchequer being, (hail, on Receipt of such Certificate or Certificates, direct the t0,ffuc B,lli proper Officer or Officers at the said Exchequer, to deliver out, in	ofCotal

the Manner and under the Regulations hereinafter mentioned, Exche- miifioiier>. quer Bills, in equal Proportions as nearly as may be, of Bills payable at the different Periods specified in this Aft, t*> the Amount specified in such Certificate or Certificates, in case the lame shall not exceed the Value of One Fourth Part of the Exchequer Bills to be ifftied in pursuance of this Aft ; and in case the Amount specified therein as aforesaid shall exceed such Fourth Part, then to filch Amount as the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall, on a Statement of the Can fee to him or them to be made by the said Commissioners appointed by this Aft, deem ' expedient and shall direct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commissioners appointed by this Aft shall, and they are hereby required, before tjcaufe Applies-any Apportionment of such Exchequer Bills shall be made, to cause u,onr*Jobc. all the Applications then delivered to be classed according to the citahlin^Regula* Amount of the Sums respectively applied /or, and the Nature of the tionsfbr ap or-* Securities tendered, and the Circumfiances, Situation and Connections tioaing Sums ad* of the Parties applying, as far as the fame shall appear upon the said vaneed, dec. Applications ; and thereupon to draw up and efiablifh iuch general Rules and Regulations for their own Government, in the apportioning and distributing the Sums to be advanced and lent in Exchequer Bills under this Aft, to the fever'd Perfons applying for t! e fame, as they in their Difcretion shall deem equitable and jml, all which Rules and Regulations shall, within a convenient time, be entered in a Book or Books to be prepared and kept by such Commissioners for that Pur-pofrp-aud the said Commissioners appointed by this Aft according to the tree Purport and Meaning of stich general Rules and Regulations as aforesaid, shall proceed to take into their Confideration all such Applications, which shall specify the Particulars of the Sum9 required to be advanced as aforesaid, not being in any case less than the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, and which shall tender any Security which the said Commissioners are authorized by this Aft to take :

;	E	2	for

A.D. iSi i*

Commiffioneri to jive to Per. fons to whom Bills ap;>or-rioned, Certificates of

Amount, which ihall be fufhcient Warrant for Delivery.

Bills to bear Date when issued.

Commiflloners may alter Regulations.

Cemmiffifiperr may appoint Days for conG-dertng further Application*.

Treasury tnay dircd further Bills to be ifliiedt fee.

C.15.	5:1* GEO. lit.

for the Payment of the Sums to be advaneed, and which shall also specify t|ie Nature and Amount thereof; and from titne to time, on Enquiry into the fame refpc&ively, shall determine what Petfons shall in their Judgment be entitled to any Part of the Exchequer Bills to be advanced or lent under this Aft* and to what Amount, and (halt ascertain the Nature and Amount of the Securities to be required from them for the fame fcfpedively ; and that all such Exchequer Bills shall be distributed in such Proportions, according to the refpet-tive Sums and Periods of Payment expressed therein, that the Repayment thereof to be made on each Loan may be made as neariy as may be by equal Inftalmcnts.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the (aid Commiffionera appointed by this Ad shall deliver to all Perfons to whom any of the said Exchequer Bills shall be apportioned as aforesaid by the said Commifiioners, Certificate or Certificates, under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of such Commifiioners, specifying the Amount of the Sums to be advanced and lent, to be refpedivety numbered and marked, in the Courfe and Order in which the fame shall be delivered ; which Certificate or Certificates being depoiited with the proper Officer or Officers, shall be a fufficlent Authority, without other Warrant, to such Officer or Officers, to deliver such Exchequer Bills to the like Amount and Value, as shall be deferibed in aud by such Certificate or Certificates of such Commi (Turners ; provided that the total Amount to be iffiied by virtue of such Certificates shall not at any one time exceed the Amount of Exchequer Bills dire&cd to be ifTucd by the Lords Commifiioners of the Treasury, as herein mentioned 5 and every fuefi Exchequer Bill shall bear Date on the Day on which the said Certificates shall appoint and direct, and shall and may be signed by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majeity’s Exchequer, or, in his Name, by any Pcrfon duly authorized by. the said Auditor to sign the fame, with the Approbation of the Lords Commifiioners of tne Treasury, in Writing under their Hands, or of any Three or more of them; and the said Commifiioners appointed by this Ad shall have Power and Authority from time to time to revise and alter such Rules and Regulations as aforesaid, as they shall fee occaffon | but that no such Revifion or Alteration shall be valid, unless agreed to at a Board of the laid Commifiioners, confiding of Eleven or more of them, convened upon three Days Notice for that Purpofe.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commifiioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall fix and appoint other proper and convenient Days for taking into Con (idc rat ion such further Applications as shall from time to time be made to them, and shall afeertain the Amount of such Exchequer Bills as shall be required to be from time to time issued for the Purpofc? of this Alt, and by like Certi* ficate or Certificates as aforesaid, certify the fame to the Lords Com-miffioners of His Maiefty's Treasury or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being* who (nail and may, on Receipt thereof, direct further Exchequer Bills to be issued to such Amount, from time to time, as the Exigency of the Cafe shall in their or his Judgment require to be issued, in equal Proportions, as nearly as may be, of Bills payable at such of the different Periods specified in this Ad, as shall be (ubfe-quent to the time when such limes shall be to be made respectively, until the whole of the Bills to be made out in.purfuance of this Ad

(hall

S3

A^D.i8it,	ji*GEO. Ill,	C.15.

ihall have been issued for the Purpofe* aforesaid j and the said Com* milJioners by this A61 appointed shall from time to time proceed to determine to what Amount such Exchequer Bills shall be advanced to the Pet fan refpc&ively applying for the fame under this and lhail grant Certificates thereof to the proper Officer or Officers at the laid Receipt of the Exchequer, in such Form and under the like Rules $ad Regulations as are hereinbefore mentioned* concerning the Ex-chequerBills to be first issued as aforesaid ; and such Officers shall from 'Time to Time deliver such Exchequer Bills in the form and in the Manner before directed.

XVI.	Provided alfo* and be it further enaded* That in case all the Account of Bills Exchequer Bills authorized by this Ad to be issued and directed to be payable cm ift refpedhvely made payable either on the First Day of February now F^**3d	°*

meat ec fuing* the Thirdj Day of May then next ensuing, or the Fourth Day of j4ugujl, shall wot be issued from the said Exchequer* in pur- iff-qcd, delivered fuance of this A&, before fucii Days respectively, the proper Officer to Treasury, or Oncers of the laid Exchequer shall from time to time deliver aq Account of the fame to the Lords Commifftoners of the Treafury* or thp Lord High Treasurer for the time being; and it shall he lawful for the said Lords ^ommiffioners of the Treafury* or any Three or more of them* or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being* tq Bitys made out in direct a like Number of Exchequer Bptyf to the fame Amount to be lieucbtrets,lie. (nade out at the said Exchequer* in lieu of the Bills not issued them as aforesaid, aud that the fame ffiall be made payable in equal Proper^ tions* as near as may be* upon the several Days then to come on which Exchequer Bills are by this Ad directed to be made payable* and shall be issued and applied iq like manner and to the like Purpofes as the Exchequer Bills* in lieu whereof the lam? are to b? made* are by tbia Ad directed to be iffiued and applied.

XVII.	And be it further enaded* That such Officers by whom such Lift* of nxchf.

Exchequer Bills shall be delivered* shall from time to time, upon th* 9l,er	roa<le

Requi$tion of the laid Commiffiouers hereby appointed* deliver to	u*

tliem at (heir Office complete Lills of all the Exchequer Bills made. m ”** out by them* specifying therein the refpediye Da(es and Sums ex-

preyed therein, aud (Jq; Periods appointed for (he payment of thq. fame ; and d^ingiuflring therein the Perfoqt to whoiqspd (he Numbers of the Certijhcates by virtue wtiereof the lame yrere issued relpeq^ tively.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded* That all and every Perfon and Pf d«i* to whom. Pcrfons to whom fai^h Exchequer Bills shall be advanced or lent, (hall

prenoufly enter int^ such Security* iif. such Spin or Sums of Money, entity, &c. iid with such Sixties <^r such Deputies of Goods as the Cafe may require* aud the said Commiffiouers* or any Seven or more of them^

Hull deem necessary \ which Sccui kies the laid Commiflioners, or any*

$evcn or more of (hem* shall by thrijr Dilcretion have full Power and Authority to cauie to be taken as hereinafter it mentioned ; and that^ every Security to be takeu in pu/luance of this Ad* as well of the triocipal Party as of such Sureties rebpi^ively, shall be by Writing^ obligatory to our Sovereign Lord the; i^ing, in such Sum or Sums ot Money as shall tye directed by such, C^nijffiouerB* or any Seven or more of them* by itirtue of this Ad. to Ije gaiijto our said Lord the Kingf by such Farm of Words as ObUgat^pns.to the King's Majesty have been uled to be made* and with such Conditions to be there.

Ityderimtteiij as by such Commiflioners fhajl t^e deemed proper; and •	E	3	that

54

AD.t8ii.

Ctj.	51*	GEO.	III.

that all such Obligations to be so made shall be good and effectual in the Law, and shall be of the fame Quality, Force and Effest, to all intents and purposes, as any Obligation made to our Sovereign Lord the now King, or his Predeceflbrs, or any of them, hath at any Time heretofore been or now is adjudged, received or taken to be, any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

How Securities XIX, And be it further enacted. That all Securities which shall be mail be given^c. entere(j jnto by the Pei fori ot Perfons to whom or to whose Accouut any such Exchequer Phils shall be advaneed, shall be made in such Sum, not less than Double the Amount of the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills, as the said Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall in their Difcretian direct; and that in every such Cafe, if the Party or Parties shall enter into such Security, without any Surety or Sureties, then such Party or Parties shall, over and above such Security, deposit or cause to be depoiited in the Cufr tody of the said Comiciffioners, or of such Perfons as they shall appoint by Writing under the Hands of the said Commiflioners, or ar.y Two or more of them, Wares or Merchandize of the proper Goods of such Party or Parties, or in his or their Poffoffion and Difpofltion, and wherein he or they shall have a specific Intereft to a certain Amount, which shall be proved to the Satisfaftion of such Commif-oners, (the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife payable upon the fame, in case any such Duties shall by Law be payable upon such Goods, being firftduly satisfied, and whicn shall be proved to the Satisfaftion of the said Commiflioners, or such Perfonor Perfons as they shall appoint) bearing a Proportion not less than is hereinafter mentioned, to the Value of the Principal Sums so to be advaneed, and which Wares or Merchandize shall be delivered to the said Commiflioners, or to such Perfons as they shall appoint as aforesaid, at such Plage or Places hereinafter mentioned, as the said Commiflioners or any Seven or more of them shall appoint; and shall be secured and kept in proper Ware-houses, at such Places respectively, to be approved ot by tire fail) Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, under such Regulations as the said Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall preferibe ; and such Wares and Merchandize shall not be liable to be attached or seized, or removed or taken froton or out of the Cuftody of the said Commiflioners, by any Process, cither'in Law or Equity, dr by the Cuflom of the City of London, or other Place in this Kingdom, or by or under any Commiflion of Bankruptcy npt usually issued at the Time when such Depofit shall be made, unless the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills as shall be advanced or lent on the Security of the said Wares or Merchandizes, together with such Intereft as shall be directed to be paid by this Afk* shall be first paid or satisfied, at the Times or in the Manner hereinafter men.* tioned ; or without having obtained the previous Confent of the said Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, under their Hands, for such Attachment or Seizure, or for the Removal of the fame, according to the Dircftions of this Aft, or by the Order of the Court of Exchequer at Wejlmtnjler* or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland* or the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, as hereinafter is mentioned.

Commifltoncr* XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall law-maylend Exchp- ful for the said Commiflioners appointed by this Aft to advance and qutr Bills 10 lend Exchequer Bills to any Perfon or Perfonp on the Security

of

SS

5ie GEO. III.

C. 15.

of any Wares or Merchandize, the Property of any other Perfon or Perfons, with the Confent of the lawful Owner or Owners thereof, such Content to be testified and proved to the Satisfaction of such Commifikmers in such Manner as they or any Seven or more of them shall think proper; and that such Wares or Merchandize being pledged with such Confent as aforesaid, shall be bound as fully and effectually as if such Exchequer Bills were advanced and lent to the true Proprietor or Proprietors thereof respectively under this Aft.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Queftion shall arise nefpefting the Property of any Wares or Merchandize which shall be depoGtea as aforesaid, or any Intercit therein, or the Money ari(ing by Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, any Perfons or Perfon claiming such Wares or Merchandize, or any Intereft therein, or the Produce thereof, or any Part thereof, shall and may apply in a summary way, by Motion or otherwise, touching the fame, to the said Courts* of Exchequer refpcCtively as the Cafe may require; which Courts frail proceed to enquire into the Validity of such Claims, and shall thereupon order such Wares or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, or any Money which shall have arisen by Sale tliercof, or any Part thereof, to be delivered or paid to such Perfon or Perfons, upon such Terms and in such Manner as tiie said Courts respectively shall direct.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the (aid Commifiioners appointed by this Aft to advance and lend Exchequer Bills, to be made out in pursuance of this Aft, on Wares or Merchandize that are or may be lodged and secured in the King’s Warehouses or in Warehonfes or Places under the King’s Lock, and under the Management or Controul of the respective Commifiioners of Cuftoun and Excife, or either of them in England or Scotland respectively, in the Port of London, or in any other Port in Great Britain, wherein Wares or Merchandize are or may be allowed by Law to be secured without Payment of Duty in the fir ft In&ance, or any of them, but not elsewhere, on the eftimoted value of the said Wares or Merchandize, exclusive of the Duties chargeable thereon ; and that such Wares or Merchandize shall remain in such Warehouses or Places respectively wherein they shall have been secured under the King** Lock, and under the Management or Controul of such respective Commifiioners of Cuftoms and Excife, under the feverai Rules, Regulations and Reftridtions now eftablifhedi by Law, except as is bv this Aft excepted ; provided that no such Wares or Merchandize shall be removed from any such Warehoufes without the Authority of the said Commifiioners appointed by this Ad, (iguified to such respective Commifiioners of Cuftoms and Excife, by Warrant under, the Hands and Seate of any Seven or more of the said Commifiioners appointed by this Aft.

XXIII.	And be it fuither enacted, That the principal Officers of Cuftoms or Excife nefident at any of the Places hereinbefore mentioned, or any other Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife at such Places respectively, being duly authorized by the respective principal Officers as aforesaid, shall receive into their Cuftody respectively any Wares or Merchandize intended to be deposited as a Security for any Loan to be advanced under this Aft, and forthwith transmit a Certificate under their or his Hands to the said Commifiioners appointed by this Aft, certifying the Nature, Quaiw tUrtod Quality thereof.

E 4	XXIV.	Pro.

Perfons on Property of other*.

How Queftion* refpedtnr Proper deposited determined.

C ommiffione n may advance Bills on. Wares lodged as herein specified, which fhnU not be removed without their Authority.

Officers of Cuftoms or Es«. cite to rece ive Deposits, and transmit Ceriifi-cates to Cotu-miffiouei*.

A.D.1-8H.

56

Duties on De-pofits not demanded, or Warehoufe room for Tobacco, while ware housed under Atf.

Commissioners may advance on Merchandize dfpofited irt Warehoufe* belonging to E.LC.

How far Surety lefyonGWe.

No Bills issued, txnleis Sums fet against Names of Sureties amount to double the Sum advanced.

Commiffioner* to provideWaie-boufea.

And appoint Officers to take Care thereof

C.15.	51*	GEO.	115.

XXIV.	Provided also, and be it further ena£ted, That the Duty 1 payable by Law for such Wares or Merchandize (hail not be required or demanded during such Time as such Wares or Merchandize (halt I remain in any such Warehoufes or Warehouse, under the Authority | of this A6t 5 nor shall any Warehoufe Rent in case of Tobacco, be 1 demanded, by reason of its continuing in any such Warehoufes or I Warehouse, under the Authority of inis Adt, other than what is now payable by Law on any such Tobacco ; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further ena^ed, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by this A£t to advance and lend Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this A 6t, on \yares or Merchandize deposited in any Warehoufe or Ware-’ houfea in Great Britain, belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Inditi\ on 'delivering io the (aid Commissioners all such Warrants or Warrant, under which such Party or Parties to whom such Exchequer Bill shall be advanced (Jiall have become entitled to such Wares or Merchandize, without being compelled to remove the fame from or out of such Warehoufe or Warehoufes into the Cuftody of such Commissioners.

XXVI.	And be it further euacted, That in all cases where such Security shall be entered into with such Surety or Sureties as the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them shall in their Dif-Cretion approve, then each of the Sureties iu fuch'Security shall be bound in such Sum and no more, as he shall fet aud subscribe again ft his Name upon such Security: Provided that no Exchequer Bills shall be issued oh the Security la ft mentioned, unless the Amount oiF all the Sums fet and fubferibed again (I the Names of the several Sureties upon the said Security, (half amount in the whole to Double the* Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills so to'be advanced on the Credit thereof; nor on any Depofit of Goods to a greater Amount than the Proportion of Fifty Poonds per Centum y in case the said Goods are manufactured, or of Sixty Pounds per Centum, in case the said Goods are unmanufactured, on the Value of fuch1 Deposit, or on the Value of the specific Intereft which the Pjuty or Parties depositing the fame (hail have therein as aforesaid.

XXVII.	And be it further ena£ted. That the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them shall and they are hereby authorized arid required to provide from time to time such Warehotofes or Places as they shall deem requisite for lodging and securing all such Wares or Merchandize, in which the full Duties of Cuftoms and Excife shall have been* paid, as shall be deposited with them under the Directions of this ACt, at such Cities, Towns and Places as are' hereinbefore described, and uot elsewhere, in regard to such Wares rind Merchandize as mnv have been imported into this Kingdom from foreign Parts, but in such Towns and Places as may appear to the (aid Commissioners to be convenient and proper, as to such Wares and Merchandize as are of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom, and to appoint the necessary Officers to attend and have the Care of such Wares or Merchandize at!‘fuch Warehoufes or Places respectively, and to caufc all such Wares or Merchandize, or the respective Packages containing the fame, to be Numbered, marked, weighed or taken an Account of, in such Mariner and from tim? to* time at such times as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary.

4«D.x8ii»	GEO.	lit	C.rj.

so as Co avoid quy Damage or X*ofs to the refpjeffcive Proprietors thereof by reason of such Deposits; an$ it shall be in the Discretion and Power of the said Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, to make all neceffmry Regulations from time to time for the Receipt, fafe' Cpftody, and Delivery out of such Wares and Merchandize depoiited in such Warehoufe or Warehouses, or other Places, and from time to time to permit the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or their respective Agents or Factors, or other Perfons 6m)y authorized to. infpclt, examine, and take reasonable Samples of the fame; provided, that upon the Application of th? Proprietor or Proprietors of any Wares or Merchandize deposited under this Ad, and upon Proof made before the Commiflioners or any Seven or more of theflp, or before such Perfon 01 Perfons as they shall appoint; but nevertheless to the Satisfaction of such Coined ffioners, of the Expediency'of redelivering the lame to such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Affignee or Afligns, for the Pur-pole of Trade, before the Sums advanced or lent thereon shall be paid or satisfied; and upon a Tender of such Security for the due Payment thereof* as is herein mentioned, or of other Goods of equal Value to be depoiited in l,ike Manlier, it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners, or. any Seven or more of them, in their Difcretion, to change the Security for such Loan, and to direCt and order Tuch Wares and Merchandize to be redelivered to such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Affignee or Afligns, on deposing other Goods as aforesaid, or giving such Security ajs by this Ad is directed to be taken for the Payment of all the Principal Sums advanced and lent on the said Wares and Merchandize, and which shall be then unpaid, together with such Intereft for the fame, as by this A6fc is limited, at the refpefttve Days or Times appointed for Payment of the fame 5 and further, that where any Payment of the laid Principal Sums with Intereft shall have been duly made on or before the Day appointed for Payment thereof, the said Com-miffioners or any Seven or more of them, upon the Application of the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Wanes or Merchandize deposited as aforesaid,' his, her or their Affignee or Afligns, shall direct and order a Rut of such Wares and Merchandize, the estimated Value whereof shall as near as conveniently may be in the Judgment of such Com-miffioners bear the fame Proportion to the estimated Value of the Whole which such Principal Sum so repaid shall bear to the whole of the Principal Sums advanced and lent on any such Wares and Merchandize, to be redelivered to such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or theif ’ Affignee or Afligns, and so from time to time on every such respective Initalment being so paid and satisfied, on or before the Da^r when the fame shall respectively * become payable 5 and in like Manner shall redeliver the whole of such Wares or Merchandize on Payment of all the Principal Sums advanced and lent {hereon, together with Interect; and that upon producing the Certificate or Certificates of the said Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, with the Receipt of the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England thereunto annexed, (ignifying the Payment thereof ait aforesaid; the Officer or Officers having the Care of such Wares or Merchandize, shall deliver out of the Warehoufe or Warehoufes or othefr Places wherein the fame shall be so deposited, the whole or so much of the said Wares or' Merchandize as shall be mentioned

Commiffioner* lo provideWare-Houles within Ten Miles of London.

Deposits in Warehoufes of Owner, under Cuftody of Officers deemed Dejiofit by this

Permits.

Perfons def©firing Wares to iulure them.

Commissioners er?powered to take, as additional Security, Depofits of Bills ti £ichange,&c.

G.15.	$1®	GEO*	III.	A.D.i8u«

tioned or expressed in such Certificate or Certificates of such Com-miffioners.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, Thai the said Com miflioners shall and they are hereby authorised and required to provide from time to time such Warehoufes or Places as they shall deem requisite for lodging and securing Wares or Merchandize deposited with them, and on which the fuu Duties of Cuftoms and Excife shall have been paid, at any Place not more than Ten Miles distant from the Standard in CombiIl9 in the City of London ; and that such Cuftody shall he as valid and effectual as if the fame were deposited in London, in pursuance of this Aft.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted and declared. That all Wares and Merchandize which are or shall be placed under the Cuftody of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife, or in any Rooms, Warehoufes or Places belonging to any Owner or Owners of such Wares or Merchandize, in any of the Places mentioned in this Aft for the Depofit of Wares and Merchandize, and which shall bo approved by the said Commissioners as a Security for any Loan under this Aft, (hail be deemed a Depofit of Wares and Merchandize within the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, and shall and may be kept and secured in the Cuftody of such Officer or Officers of the Cuftpms or Excife, in such Warehouses, Rooms or Places of such Owner or Owners respectively, as a. Security for such Loan and until Payment thereof under such, Rules and Regulations as shall be from time to time prescribed by the said Commissioners, and Under the several Reftriftiona, Conditions, Exemptions, Privileges and Advantages, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame Wares and Merchandize were deposited as such Security in the Cuftody of the said Commissioners under this Aft.

XXX.	Provided also, add be it further eutfted. That in all Cafes where a Permit shall he required by Law for the Removal of any Wares or Merchandize from Place to Place within this Kingdom, such Permit shall be required in aH Cafes for the Removal of the like Wares or Merchandize to or from any Warehoute or Ware-* houses to be provided or used under the Authority of this Aft.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Perfon or Perfons deposit ing or causing to be deposited any Wares or Merchandize under this Aft, shall at his and their proper Charges, if required so to do by the said Commissioners appointed by this Aft, cause the fame to be insured from any Lois by Fire, for and during such time as the said Wares dr Merchandize shall be deposited in any Warelioufe or Warehoufes or other Place in pursuance of this Aft, for such Sum or Sums of Money, and with such Per* son or Perfons as the said Commissioners shall direct or approve.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in all Cafes where they shall fee occasion, to accept and take as a further and additional Security for any Loan to be made of any such Exchequer Bills, or any Part of such Loan, over and above the Security required by this Aft, any Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, Bills of Exchange, or other negotiable Securities for Money whatever, which shall he deposited for that Purpose, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, ihall direct \ and all such Exchequer, Bills, India Bonds, Bills of Exchange, or other negociahle Securities for Money so deposited shall, in Defoult

59

5i* GEO, III.	C.ijv

of Payment of such Loan, in the manner dhre&ed by this A£, become and be veiled in the said Commissioners, and shall and may be fold and disposed of, or the Monies due and payable by virtue thereof shall and may be sued for in due Conrfe of Law, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, for the Ufe of the said Com-miffiooers under this A&

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Commiflianers the laid Commissioners, in all Cafes where they shall fee Occafion, to accept and take as a further and additional Security for any Loan ^uoaal Security, to be made of any Sum in such Exchequer Bills as afore said, or Part*	Mate*

of such Loan, from any Priucipal or Surety in such Loan, or other jn Scotland, and Perfon or Perfons having Lands, Heritages, or other Real Eftates Alignment* in Scotland* any Heritable Security whatever, which may affest, in- thereof cumber, or oharge the said Real Eftatea of such Principals or Sureties, or such other Perfons as aforesaid, by the Laws of Scotland y and also to accept and take as a like further and additional Security, from any such Principal or Surety, or other Perfon or Perions pofTefied of any Heritable Security affecting, incumbering or charging any Real Eftafies in Scotland, any Affigrupent of such Heritable* Security, prepared according to the Forms prescribed by the Laws of Scotland; and that every such Heritable Security which (balTbe so granted or cqtiftituted, and every Alignment of any Heritable Security which shall be so made, as any such further and additional Security for such Loan as aforesaid, shall respectively be granted, constituted, and made to and in the Name of the Secretary to che said ComroifiEoners for the time being, in Tnift for the said Commiffioiiiers, in Terms of the Loan for which the fame shall be a Security; and the said Secretary for the time being shall, under the Directions of the said Commifnoners, have full Power and Authority to perform, execute and carry into Effeft any A£U, Matters and Things whatever, which (hail be requilite for the further and better a(Furing and validating any such Heritable Security or Alignment thereof as aforesaid, and for enforcing, prosecuting and pursuing the fame, for the Recovery of the Sums for which such Securities were respectively granted, constituted and made in all Courts of competent Jurisdiction in Scotland\ as folly and effectually, to aH Intents and Porposes, as if thp fame Securities rcfpeCtively were granted, con-ftitoted and made to the Secretary for the time being, as a Security for his own proper Debt in Scotland; and that on Payment or Satisfaction of the Principal Sums for which such Security shall be given, with Intereft for the fame, and all Cofts incurred in recovering the fame ; and the said Secretary for the time being shall, and be is hereby authorized, under the Dire&ion of the said Commissioners, to execute, on Behalf of the said Commissioners, a Difcharge and Re-punciation of the said Money so paid or (Stished, to be prepared at the Coils of the Party or Parties making such Payment or Satisfaction, according to the Forms prescribed by Law for discharging and renouncing an Heritable Debt or Incumbrance upon a Real Eilate ri Scotland; and that such Diicharge and Renunciation shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted. That in case any Perfon or P*rtnersto give, Perfons carrying on Trade in a Partnerfhip or Firm witn any other Perfon or Perfons, shall apply for any Exchequer Bills to be advanced ‘pVomlSbry Not# kj rirtife of this A6t? on any of the Securities herein mentioned, and for such Sum *•

shall Commisti;mers tfiall diretL

shall shew to the Satisfaction of the laid Comiiuflftppers, that such Exchequer Bills are to he 'advanced to such Perfon or Perfons, for the Ufe of the said Partnerlhip, it shall be lawful foi-. the Perfon or Perfpns so applying for such Advance, to give to the said Commif-lioners, over and above the Security required by this Aft, a Pro* mifTory Note or Promifiory Notes, m the Partnerlhip Firm, in such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, hot exceeding in the whole the Amount of the Sum to be adx&nced to such Perfon or Perfons, with Intereft for the fame, according to this A&* as the said Com* miffioners fhali direct; which ProniiAory Notes as aforesaid /hail respectively be made payable to the Secretary of the said Com* mimoners for the time being, at filch Times and iu such, Proportions as the Advance to be made to the Perfon or Perfons so applying ihall be ftipukted to be paid, by the Obligation or Obligations, to be entered into by such Perfon or Perfons purfyant to this Aft ; which Notes shall be opfpeftively made in thy Form following ; tnat is to fay,

‘ E promise to pay to the Secretary of the Commissioners for

*	the lflue of certain Exchequer Bills, for the tfme being, the

*	Sum of	with	Intereft for the lame, at the

\ Rate of Five Pounds per Centum by the Year, from the D?te K hereof, on	Day of	now	next ensuing.’

Provided that separate and distinct Notes shall be made and given by filch Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid,' in respect of each InftaJrnent to be paid of the Sum advanced pursuant to this Ad } and it shall be lawful for the Secretary to the said Comnufiioners for the time being to sue upon every such Note.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted. That in cajjr any Advance ill Exchequer Bills shall be made to any Perfon or Perfons concerned in any Partnerlhip, upon the Application of a»y Perfon or Perfons #fo the said Commiffiotiers to make such Advance to the Ufe of the said Partnerlhip, and such Advance, or any Pa/t thereof, dial] have been actually applied to the Ufe of the laid Partnerlhip, thqn the, Eftate and Eftates of such Partnerfhip shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Sujns, advanced and actually applied as aforesaid, with Intereft for the fame, and all Cofts attending the Recovery thereof, as in case of Debt found4 on Record to the King’s Majesty, notwithstanding the said Comr miffiouers shall have taken Securities for the fame Debt in the Name, or Names of any other Perfon or Perfons than the Perfons qoncerncd in such Partnerlhip, or in the Name or Names of any One or more of such Partners; and in case it shall be made appear by Affidavit to any Baron of the respective Courts of Exchequer in %nglan<(9 Scotland and Ireland, that such Advance, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, was actually applied to the Ufe of the said Partnerlhip, and the fame being found on Record, it shall be lawful for such Barpn tm cause an Extent to be iifiicd again ft the Eftate and Effefta of such. Partnerlhip, to the Amount oi the Sura so actually applied, wyth Intereft thereupon and Cofts as aforesaid, in the fame manner as if the Advance so actually applied was an immediate Debt from all the Perfons concerned in such Partnerlhip to the King’s Majesty, his. Heirs or SuccclTors.

Partner* Eftates liable fcr Advances made them on Seen -rity of others, Jcc.

XXXVI.	And

A.tkiSi'r.	5i*OEO. hi.	C.	15.	tfi

XXXVI,	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Commissioners the said Commissioners to advance and lend to the respective Com- m*y panics of the incorporated Banks in Scotland, dialled The Bank of Exchecluer Scotland, and The Royal Bank, and for the said Banks refpe&ivcly ^te^Binks^ to borrow from the said Commissioners, any Sum of Money in Ex- Scotland, chequer Bills, or any of the Securities mentioned, in the fame

Manner as if such Sums refpefUvely were lent and borrowed in Scotland; any Charter, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding; and that any Obligation to the King’s Majesty in the Form mentioned in this A£, being under the Seals or such Cor- * po rat ions respectively, and every other Security made in the tifual Form of such Securities for Money borrowed by such Corporations refpettively in Scotland, which shall be entered into or given to or depolited with the said Commi(lioner8 as a Security for such Loans respectively, shall be good and valid in Law, and shall be refpec-tively proceeded upon tor the Recovery of such Loans, with Intereft reserved thereon, and Coft6 attending the RcCoveiy of the fame, in the Manner directed, as fully and ettedually as if such Money had been borrowed in Scotland> under the Powers, Limitations and Pro-vifions Contained in auy Charter or Charters relating to the laid Corporations respectively.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Principal Sums Principal Stun* contained in the Exchequer Bills which shall be advanced or ldnt by of Exchequer the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Ad, shall be

repaid without Dedudion or Abatement, together with Intereft for injuhnenti. *

the fame, by Jnftalments as hereinafter is mentioned; that is to

fay, the Principal Sum in each and every Exchequer Bill shall be

repaid to the Caihier or Cadiiers of the Bank of England, at their

Office, together with interest for the fame, at and after the Rate

of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, by the Space of Fifteen

bays at lead before the Time when each such Exchequer Bill

shall become payable, according to the Provifions of this Ad, fuch

Intereft to be computed on the said Principal Sum from the Date

of such Exchequer Bill to the Time of Payment thereof; and If not duly paid

if any Default mall be made by any Perfon or Perfons in the Pay- Commiffioners

ment of any such Sum or Sums of Money within the respective mfa£°**7r 1>art

Times hereinbefore limited for Payment thereof, according to the £c ,ts tw

true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, it shall be lawful for the faid

Commissioners hereby appointed, or any Seven or more of them, by

iny Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cau(e

so much as they shall think necessary of the Wares and Merchandize

depofited or being in auy such Warehoufe or Warehouses, or other

Places, by or on account of such Defaulter or Defauiters, as a

Security for such Payment* such Wares and Merchandize wot bearing

a greater Proportion to the estimated Value of the whole, than the

Sum so due and in Afrear (Hall hear to the whole Sum advanced on

the Credit of such Wares or Merchandize, to be appraised and

fold at publick Auction to the highest Bidder, under such Terms

and Conditions of Sale as such Commissioners shall dire£t, for and

towards satisfying such Part of the Sums advanced on such Wares

and Merchandize as shall be then due, together with Intereft as

afore said, and with such Cods and Charges attending such Sale as

(hallbe allowed by the said Commissioners; and the Money ariiing

from such Sale shall be forthwith paid to the said Caihier or

Cafhiers

62

AJ).i8il.

in Proceedings up* toft Ohlignf f, no Wiit * I Scire Facias requiite.

C. ij.	51* GEO. IIL

Cafhiers of the Bank of England, towards satisfying the Sum or Sums dirc&ed by such Commiflioners to be raised thereby; and the Refidne thereof shall be reserved at the said Bank of England, and carried to the Account of future Payments to be made by such Defaulter or Defauiters, if any shall remain to be made; and the Overplus (if any be after satisfying all Sums advanced on such Wares er Merchandize, with the Jnterect, Cofts and Charges as aforefaid) shall be paid to such Defaulter or Defauiters, or such other Perfon or Perfons as shall appear to such Commiflioners to be entitled to the fame, or such Perfon or Perfons as he or they shall respectively appoint to receive the fame; and further, that in case any such Default shall be made, and no Wares or Merchandize shall be deposited with the said Commiflioners, or that the fame shall be found or shall become inefficient in Value to satisfy the whole of the Demand from such Defaulter or Defauiters, it shall also be lawful for the said Commiflioners, and they are hereby required, without further Delay, to issue their Warrant or Warrants from time to time to the proper Officer or fc)fficers of the Crown having the Dire&ion or Management of Proceedings upon Obligations to His Majesty,. requiring such Officer or Officers presently to proceed against all or any of the Perfons who shall have entered into any Security for the Sum advaneed, his, her and their Heirs, Executors and Adminiftra-tors, for the Recovery of such Parts of the Sums advanced on such Securities as shall be then due, together with Intereft as aforesaid; and such Cofts and Charges attending such Proceeding as shall be by Law payable for the lame, the Amount of which Principal Sums so to be levied, the said Commiflioners shall cause from time to time to be testified by their Note in Writing under the Hands of any Two or more of them to such Officer or Officers, and which Sum shall be inserted in the Writ of Process, and the like Procefs shall and may from time to time issue as aforesaid, as Occafion shall require; and the Sums so recovered (the Cofts and Charges aforesaid excepted) shall be paid to the said Cafliier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England, without Abatement, Deduction or Delay, in Satisfaction of such Demands; and it shall be in the Difcretion of the said Com-miffioners to direct against which of the Obligors in such Security such Proceedings shall he from time to time commenced or pro-fecuted; and the said Commiflioners shall have the Controul and Superintendance of such Profecutions, and the fame shall not be difeontinued, quaftied or abated upon any Ptetence whatever, without the Authority of the said Commiflioners, teflrfied under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them, and exhibited to the Barons of His Majcfty’s Court of Exchequer at lVeJbninJlcr% or to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland\ as the Cafe may require.

XXXVII I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Proceeding shall be directed by the laid Commiflioners as aforesaid, against any of the Obligors or Obligor named in any such Obligation, no Writ or Writs ot Scire Facias shall be required to be issued; but that upon the Produ&ion of the Warrant or Warrants of the said Commiflioners as before mentioned, before any of the Barons of the said respective Courts of Exchequer; and in case any such intended Proceeding shall be against any Sureties or Surety, then upon Proof of Notice having been served upon such Patty or Parties, or left at hb or their usual Place or Places of

Abode

A.D.iSu.

*3

51® GEO. IIL	C.15.

Abode respectively, Ten Days at least before such Application shall be made to such Barun, an Extent shall and may issue in the first Procefs upon the Fiat of such Baron, without any Affidavit or other Verification or Proof of the Caufe of such Proceeding than such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That after the doe Pay-ment of the Sums advanced with Intereft as aforesaid at the Times and in the Manner herein specified, every such Obligation entered into in pursuance of this A&, being fully satisfied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&, shall be forthwith delivered up to be cancelied; and in case any such Obligation shall have been prosecuted according to the Dire&ions of this A&, the said Com-miffioners, or any Two or more of them, shall by their Warrant or Warrants direct the proper Officer or Officers of the said respective Courts of Exchequer, to enter up Satisfaction on such Obligation or Obligations, so being satisfied as aforesaid, upon the Record or otherwise, to deliver up the fame to be cancelied, as the Cafe may require.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Payment of any of the Initalments of the Sums advanced by virtue of this A&, may be made either in Money, or in any of the Exchequer Bills so be ifiued by virtue of this A&, which shall have become due at the Time of such Payment, or which shall be payable at a Period not later than Fifteen Days next after the Day appointed by this Ad for the Payment of such Inilalment, in Difcharge of which such Exchequer Bills shall be paid.

XLI. And whereas the Parties to whom Exchequer Bills may be ifiued by virtue of this Ad, may not have Occufion to make use of all their Bills: Be it further enacted. That such Exchequer Bills as may be tendered in Payment or Part of Payment of any of the Sums advanced by virtue of this A&, shall be returned to the Office at the Exchequer from which they were ifiued, and forthwith cancelled by the proper Officer or Officers by whom the (aid Bills were ifiued, he or they giving a Certificate to the Perfon returning such Exchequer Bills, for the Information of the Commifiioners for. carrying this A& into Execution.

XLL1. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commifiioners appointed by this Att, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Seven or more of them, to authorize the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, to employ any Monies which shall be paid as aforesaid, in the Purchafe of any Exchequer Bills which shall be payable at the Period then nextensuing, and shall write thereon in Words at Length, the Day of the Month and Year io which he or they so purchased fucli Bills; to which respective Days the said Cafhier or Cafhiers shall be allowed the Interect, upon his or their paying the fame into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid : Provided that no Intereft shall run or be paid upon or for any such Bills during the Time they shall remain in the Hands of such Cafhier or Cafhiers, ^ but for such Time the Intereft on every such Bill shall ccafe.

XLI 11. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation with any Sureties or Surety to betaken according to this A&, after Pay-sent or Recovery thereupon by the said Commifiioners of the Sums advaneed, or lent, with all Interefts and CofU, in the Manner re*

quired

After Payment of Sum* advaneed, with Interect, Obligations cancelled.

How Tnftalments paid.

Bills issued and not used returned to Exchequer, and cancelled.

Commifiioners may authorize Bank to employ Monies paid, m Purchale of Exchequer Bills.

Provifo.

After Paym?ne of Sums advanced by Coir-miftioners, Obligations with Sureties to (land

as further Securities*

Procefs may ifTue ayainft Principals, for Benefit of Sureties*

C.i5*	jidGEO. ni*	A.D.1811.

quired by this Aft, shall (land and remain as a further Security for the Purpofes and in the Manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, if any Surety or Sureties upon such Obligation, his, her or their Executors or Adminiflrators, shall hare paid or satisfied any Part of such Sums, Interefl or Colts, then such Obligation, as againit the principal Obligor or Obligors, his or their Heits, Executors or Ad-miniftrators, shall (land as a Security as aforesaid for the Re-im-burfement bf such Sureties rcfpe&ively, their Executors or Ad mini lira tors, of the whole of the Sums so paid or fatisfied} and so front Time to Time until such Rewimburfement shall be fully made, according to the Intent of this A&; and if any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Adminiftratbrs, shall have paid or satisfied a Sum which shall bear a greater Proportion to the whole of the Sums recovered upon such Obligation than the Suin for which such Surety respectively shall have been bound, shall bear to the toul Amount of the several Sums of Money for which all the fevertil Sureties shall have been botind by such Obligation, then such Obligation, as against each and every of the Sureties who shall not have paid or satisfied an equal Proportion of the whole Sum recovered, Recording to the Sum for which he shall have been respectively bound, their ana every of their Heirs, Executors and Admin iftrators ref pec-tively, shall Hand' as a Security for the Benefit of such Sureties or Surety, their Executors br Adminiflrators Tefpe&ively, who shall have paid or satisfied any such Sums as aforesaid; for the Purpofe of enforcing a Contribution amongst such Sureties in an equal Proportion to the several Sums far which they shall have been respectively bound; and so ifVom time to time until such Contribution shall be folly made according to the Intent of this A€t ; and that in every such Cafe, upon the Application of any Sureties br Surety to the said Commissioners for arty of the Puipofes aforesaid, the said Com-tniffioners shall cause the respective Claims of such Sureties or Stirety respectively, and the Sums to be recovered from filch Principals o* Sureties respectively, their and every of their Heirs, Executors or Adminiflrators, to be adjusted and fettled as herein is mentioned, so that the whole Sum recovered shall be distributed in an equal Proportion, according to the Sums for which each Surely respectively shall have been bound in the fame Obligation, and so from time to time as the Cafe shall require; and thereupon the said Commiffioners* br any Seven or more of them, by Warrant or Warrants in Writing under their Hands, shall from time to time direct Procefs to ifTue for the Recovery of such Suihs as they shall have so adjulted and fettled, to be respectively recovered from and paid to fuen Perfoni respectively, as they shall specify in fubh Warrant of Warrants; under and subject to the several Regulations and Directions in this A3 Contained as aforefhid.

XLlV. And be it further fenacted: That such Prdccfs as aforesaid shall and may lawfully ifTue on any such Obligation as aforesaid, againit any such Principals or Principal, their or his! Heirs, Executors or Adminiflrators, for the Benefit of any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Adminiflrators, and agfrinfl any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Heirs, Executors or Adminiflrators as aforesaid, for the Benefit of any Co-fureties or Co-surety, their or his Executors or Adminiflrators,'not with Handing the whole Sam which shall have been advanced to such Principals or Principal shall have

6

been repaid ; and in case any Sureties or Surety shall become bound by diftinfik Obligations or Obligation for the fame Perfons or Pgrfon, and for and on account of the (ame Advancement, all and every the Provi(iona aibrefaid shall be applied ia like Manner, as well for the Benefit of as against such Sureties or Surety and against such Principals or Principal, as if all such Sureties and Principals respectively were named in the fame Obligation.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Ferfon, as Surety, thali give any such additional Security as in this A& is mentioned, over and above such Obligation or other Security, for any Loan as is required by this A&, and if any Payment dull be made of any Part of such Loan, in consequence of such additional Security being fa given, and ia Difcharge thereof, every such Payment mall be deemed and taken to be made under the Obligation entered into by such Surety, and in Difcharge, or in Part Difcharge thereof, for the Purpofe of entitling such Surety, his Executors or Adminiftra-tors, and such Payment shall entitle such Surety, his Executors and Adminidrators refpe&iveiy, to the like Remedy from the principal Debtor or Debtors in the said Loan, his or their Heirs, Executors or Adminidrators, for the Re-imburfement of the Sums so paid Qr satisfied, and from the Co-fureties in die said Loan, for the like Contribution as if such Payment or Satisfaction had actually been made upon the Obligation entered into by such Surety; and if any Perfon, not being a Party to any Obligation entered into by virtue of this Ad, shall give such further Security for any Loan as in this Ad is particularly mentioned; and any Payment or Satisfaction of such Loan or any Part thereof, shall be made in consequence of such further Security being so given; and in Difcharge thereof, every such Payment or Satisfaction shall entitle the Party making the lame, ids Exect|tors or Adminidrators, to the like Remedy from the principal Debtor or Debtors in the said Loan, his or their Heirs, Executors or Adminidratorst for the Re-imburfement of the Sums so paid or satisfied, as if such Perfon had entered into an Obligation as Surety, and such Payment had been made thereupon; aud that in every Cafe of such Payment upon or in consequence of such additional Security, as well the Obligation or Obligations of such principal Debtor or Debtors entered into by virtue of this A&, as all and every the additional Securities which may have been given by such principal Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this A6t, shall severally and refpec-tively ft and and remain as Securities for the Purpofe of such: Re-imburfement, in the Manner directed by this A&, in Cafes qf Payment by Sureties upon Obligations, and until the whole of the Sums so paid or satisfied shall be fully re-imburfed; and that such Proceedings ihaU be had upon any additional Securities given by Rich principal Debtor or Debtors, for the Recovery of the Sums so paid, lor the Benefit of the refpe&ivc Parties making inch Payments, their Executors or Adminidrators, as might lawfully have been had for the Recovery of the Sums due and payable to the laid Commiffioner?, notwithstanding the laid Loan Oudt have been fully repaid to the said Commiffionere.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That po fych Exchequer Procefs under the Warrant of the Commifli oners under this Act in Favour of any Sureties againd their. Principal, -or against toy Co-sureties, shall have any Priority over any other Debts to 51 Gxo. III.	F	which

In what case Surety iutitlcd to Remedy agnail originql Debtor (Jo* . Sureties.

How far Exchequer Pruce£f shall hare Priority over other Deb*.

A.D.1811.

66

/

DepoGts vefteU in Commif-fioDtrs, who may sue and be Cued in the Name of their Secretary.

Sc;uritics of Perfons becoming Bankrupts in LirgUnd.

Proceedings.

In Scotland, &c.

C15.	51*	GEO. III.

which fach Procefs would be by Law entitled, unless the laid Pro-cefs shall issue within Six Months after the- Date of the last In Raiment, for which such Surety shall have given Security; any Thing in this Ad or in any Law contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII, And be it further enacted, That all Wares and Merchandize deposited with the said Commissioners under the Authority and for the Purpofes of this Ad, shall be for such Purpofes veiled in the said Commissioners, by the Name of “ The Commissioners for u the JJfue of certain Exchequer Bills S' and that the fata CommiL (toners shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being; and that no Adion or Suit in Law or Equity to be brought or commenced by or against the said Commissioners, on account of this Ad, in the Name of their Secretary for the. Time being, shall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of such Secretary, or by the Ad of such Secretary, without the Confect of the said Commissioners, but the Secretary to the laid Comrnif-boners for the Time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Adion or Suit, as the Cafe may be; and no Adion or Suit shall be brought against the said Commissioners col-ledively or individually, or against their Secretary, except in One of the said Courts of Exchequer, and with the Leave of such Court first had and obtained, and upon such Terms .and Conditions as the laid Courts shall direct.

XLVII I. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation or other Security entered into or given from and after the palling of this Ad, by any Perfon or Perfons, either as Principal or Surety, who shall afterwards become Bankrupt within the true Intent and Meaning of the several Statutes made and now in force concerning Bankrupts, and against whom a Commiffion of Bankrupt shall be awarded, and ifiued out in that Part of Great Britain called England\ shall by reason and force of such Bankruptcy, and from the Time of such Bankruptcy become and be forfeited, and due and payable as against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and that all the Eftate and Effeds of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts which would be liable to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Commiffion of Bankrupt, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Intereft due upon such Obligation or other Security, and all Cofts attending the Recover)* of the fame; and that the Claims of the said Commissioners shall be first paid and fatisfted out of the Eftate and Effeds of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in Preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, to apply by Petition in a futnmary Way to the proper Courts in England, having Jurifdidion of the Matters of such Commiffion of Bankruptcy, to make due Order accordingly; which such Courts refpe&ivdy are hereby authorized and required to make.

XLIX. And be it further enacted. That mry QbUjption of^ther Security entered into or given from and after the paqngof this Ad, by any Perfon or Perfons, either as Principal or Surety, who shall afterwards become Bankrupt, and against whole Eftate Sequeftratioa ftiall be awarded in Scotland^ (hallJbyraifon and force of iuch Bankruptcy, and from the Time of the Date, of the first Deliverance oH » -	*	*	the



51° GEO- IIL	C.	15.

the Petition to the Court of Seffion for awarding the Sequeftration, become and be due and payable as against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts ; and that all the Estate and Effe&s, Real and Perfonal, of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which would be liable to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Sequeftration,

shall be liable and subject, and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Intereft due upon such Obligation or other Security, and all Cods attending the Recovery of the fame ; and that the Claims of the said Commidioners shall be first paid and (ktisfied out of the Eftate and EfFe&s of such Bankrupt or Bank-	.	_

rupts, and in Preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors, nevertheless witbont Prejudice to Preferences duly obtained according to the Law of Scotland upon the Real Eftate* of Perfons who shall become Bankrupts; and it shall be lawful for the said Commidioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, to apply by Petition in a summary way to the proper Courts m Scotland having Jurifdi&ion of the Matters of such Bankruptcy, for making effectual the Payment of the Claims of the said Commidioners accordingly, and the (aid Courts are hereby authorized and required to make the fame effectual accordingly.

L. Provided always, and be it Further enacted, That it shall be Commlffioneri lawful for the said Commidioners to accept from the Adignees under w»y«ccept Se-any Commiffion of Bankrupt issued, or from the Fa&or or Factors,	Bank*

Truftee or Trustees, under any Sequeftration awarded against any principal Debtor or Debtors in any such Loan under this A&, such Security for the Payment of the Sum due from such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, out of his or their Eflate or Effe&s, as the said Com-miflbners shall approve ; and that the Acceptance of such Security by the (aid Commidioners shall operate as a Releafe of the Eftate of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, for the Benefit of the Creditors under the laid Commidion of Bankruptcy in England or Ireland, or Sequef-tration in Scotland, from all Claims whatever by the said Commif-fioners; other than and except such Part of the said Eftate as shall be specified in Writing between the said Commidioners and the said Adignees under the laid Commidion of Bankruptcy in England or Ireland, or between the said Commidioners and the said Fa&or or Factors, Truftee or Trustees, under the said Sequeftration in Scotland, to he referred by the said Commidioners for such Security as aforet said, in case the said Commidioners shall require such Security.

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That in case such Comraiflionere Debt shall grow due to the said Commidioners from any such Bank-	F°-

rupt or Bankrupts as a Surety or Sureties upon any such Loan aiaforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commidioners to accept from of Sumietlto* the Adignees under such Commidion of Bankruptcy in England, or be void on Pay-from the Fa&or or Factors, Truftee or Trustees under such Sequeftra- went of Money lion in Scotland, all such provisional Security for the Paymeut of the ^e.by Sum due from such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, out of his or their Eftate I)ebtor» fcc* or Effe&s, as the said Commidioners shall approve, such Provifional Secarky to be void on the Payment or Satisfa&ion of the Sum so due by the principal Debtor or Debtors, or by the Acceptance of other Surety or Sureties in lieu thereof, in the manner hereinafter mentioned; provided that such Acceptance of such provisional Security by the laid Commidioners shall operate as a Releafe of the Eftate of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, for the Benefit of the Creditors under the *	' '	‘	F *	-	• * *	-	faid

A.D.i8rt.

&	C.15. si*6E0.III.

fdid Commifllon of Bankruptcy In England; w Sequeftration in Scotland, from all Claims what foe ver by the said Commiflioners, other than and except fuCh Part of the said Eftate as shall be foecified hi Writing between the said Commiflioners and the said Aftignees under the said Cotnmiflidn of Bankruptcy in England, or between the said Commiflioners and the said FaAor or FaAors, TrUftee or Trustees, Under the said Sequeftration in Scotland, to be referred by the said Commiflioners for such provisional Security as aforesaid, in case the skid Commiflioners shall require such Security.

Releafe of Eftite	Ltl. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any such Releafe

or Eflfe&s of of the Eftate or EftcAs of any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts as afore-t^fchTV0*	Aether Principals or Sureties, upon any such Loan as aforesaid,

other Securitie*.	n°l deemed or taken either irt Law or Equity to difchaigeany

Other Perfon or Peffohs, or the Eftate or Effe6ts of any other Perfon hr Perfons, 6r t‘6 affcA any other Security for the fame Debt, or in any fnanner to prevent any Contribution amongst Sureties, or dn^ Demand of Sureties against their Principals provided for by this

Uprincipal	till. Ahd be it further enaAed, That if any such Sumy or

Debtors do not Sureties upon any such Loan by the said Commissioners under this Sureties "or^av shall be ^ec^ared Bankrupt as aforesaid, and the principal Debtor HalVthe Sun) Debtors thereon shall not, within Fourteen Days after Notice for which Bank* thereof, and Requifition made for that Purpofe by the’faid Com-rupt Sureties miflioners, produce another Surety or other Sureties, to be approved were bound, of by the said Commiflioners, to become bound, and whoN(hall accord* fXft thenffor	become	hound in the said Sum, by the like Security or Scen-

ic e rities in lieu of the Surety or Sureties so becoming Bankrupt as afor»> said, or pay to the said Commiflioners One Half of the Sum for which such Surety or Sureties Were bound by such Security or Securities, then the Security and Securities, given or entered into by such principal Debtor or Debtors, shall be deemed forfeited, as for as to the Amount of One Half of the Sum or Sums in which fcch Surety or Sureties were bound refpeAively; and it shall be lawful For the said Commiflioners to cause Procefs to be issued in the manner preferibed by this AA against the principal Debtor or Debtors, his and their Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftrators, for the Recovery bf One Half Part of all and every the Sum and Sums in which such Surety or Sureties were bound lrfpeAively, together with Intereft and Cofts, to be direAed by the said ComtnifBotiers m pursuance of this AA.

Cammiffioner* LIV. And be it further enaAed, That it shall be lawful for the may apply for said Commiflioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, Ccmimiflions of to apply, by Petition or Otherwife, to the proper Ccrtrrts in England, 8equeftr*S»^r or Ire^and an^ ScotlandxcfpeAively, for any Commifllon of Bankruptcy or Sequeftration against the Eftate Or EfFcAs of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to hie out and otherwise pdrfue the fame refpeAively, in like Manner as any Other Creditor or Creditors is or are by Law entitled to do in England k'nd Scotland refpeAivdy.

Commiflioners . LV. And be it further cnd&ed, I'hsft the Commiflkmers named of Bankruptcy, jn any Commiftion of Bankruptcy, Which Fhidl at any time hereafter *c	l>e awarded and issued out ih Engtdnd or Ireland, and tfhe Court of

upon Oath 0/ , Scflion PT Lord Ordinary officiating on the Bills for the thfte, and Perfons appoint- every Officer or other Perfon concerned in the Management of the feed by Commit- queftered Eft ate‘of any Bankrupt in Scortawd, *dn£t the Proof

uf

A.D.ilii.	51®	GEO.	III.	C-15.

•f way Debt or Grounds of Debt under this A ft, on the Oath, Affirmation or Affidavit of any Perfon appointed by the said Commissioners to a& in the Execution of this Act; which Oath, Affirmation and Affidavit vefpeftively, shall be taken and administered before any of the proper Officers having Authority by Law to administer Oaths or Affirmations, or to take Affidavits in cases of Bankruptcy, and shall permit such Perfon so authorized by the said Commissioners to vote in the Choice of an Affignee or Affignees, Factor or Fsftors, Truftee or Traftecs, as the case <nay require, of such Bankrupt's Eftate and E£-feds,and do and execute every other Aft, Matter and Thing relating to such Bankruptcy, as fully and effectually as if such Perfon so authorized was the bona fide Creditor of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts*

LVI* Provided always and be it furtlier enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent, hinder or delay the Execution of any Commiffiou of Bankruptcy, by the Cocntniffioners therein named, according to the Laws now in fonce in those Parts of the United Kingdom called England and Ireland\ or on the Proceeding to or under Sequeftration in Scotland^ provided that every Alignment of the Eftate or Effisfts of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, under the said Commiffion in England and Ireland, and every Aft of Sequeftration of the Eftate or Effects at such Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, shall be subject to die Claims of the said Coovmffiooers appointed by this Aft, and until the fame ffudl be foMy paid or focurcd to be paid.

LVI I. And be it further enacted, That every Provifion in this Aft, made with Application to any Commiffion or Commiffions of Bankruptcy, shall be deemed and construed to extend to any Sequel-ft ration awarded or to bea warded again ft the Eftate or Effefts of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, as fully and effectually as If fucn Provifion had beep expnefsly applied thereto by this Aft.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all A6U, Matters and Things which the said Commissioners appointed by this Aft are hereby required or authorized to do or execute, shall and may he done and executed by any Seven or more of them, unlefa the fame shall be otherwise specially provided by this A<$.

LIX. And be it further enacted. That the Governors and Di-reftors of the Bank of England, shall and they are hereby required to open an Account in their (Books with the Commissioners hereby appointed, under the Titles of Commissioners for the IJfue of certain Exchequer Billr, and carry to the Credit of (uch Account, the (eve-rai Monies by this Aft directed to he paid to the Cafbkro of the Bank; and whensoever the said Commissioners shall have advanced qy leat any of the Exchequer Bills to be mode out in pursuance of this Aft to any Perfon or Perfons, the (aid Commissioners shall at ibme Time before the Sums contained therein shall be to be vepaid, detir ver to such Perfon or Perfons at bis or their Request, One pr more Certificate or Certificates under ftheir Hands,jfpecifying the Value of every such Exchequer Sill, the vefpe&ive Dates thereof, and the Times when they will reiijptiftiveJy become payable by virtue of this Aft5 and the said Cafhiers of the Bonk, or -One of them, shall, upon the Froduftio* of such last mentioned Certificate or Certificates, bv the fipsoe of Fifteen Days or mots before such Exchequer ffiffis ftiatt become payable, apoept and receive fro» the person or Perfons pro* during the fometbe Amount of the Principal bums fwt*iaedttur«ki,

F 3	together

6q

fioners under

tliis A61.

Aft not to delay Execution of Commiffions of Bankruptcy.

Aft extended ts Sequeftrations against Eftate of Bankrupts in Scotland.

Seven Commif-fioneramay aft.

Bank to open Account with Commiffioners*

7*

A.D.i8it

C.ij.	5i°GE0.	IH.

together with such Interect, to be computed from the Bate thereof to the Time of Payment as aforesaid ; and at the Foot of such last mentioned Certificate or Certificate! acknowledge the Receipt of the said Mouies ; and that whensoever the said Commiflioners shall by their Warrant or Order have directed such Monies to be raised or levied by . Sale of any Wares or Merchandize deposited by virtue of this Aft, or by any Proceedings on any Securities taken by virtue thereof, in de-'fiault of such Payment as aforesaid, the said Commiflioners shall deliver to the Officer or Officers executing the fame respectively, a like Certificate as aforesaid, and further specifying therein the Amount of of the Monies to be raised or levied, and the)Subftance of such Warrant or Order to raise or levy the fame; and the said Cafhiers of the t	Bank,	or any One of them, shall, upon the Production of such laft

mentioned Certificate, accept and receive from such Officer or Offi* cers the Monies so. raised or levied, in Satisfaction of the Payments whereof Default shall be made as aforesaid ; and at the Foot of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, without Fee fir Reward; and every such Receipt shall be afterwards brought to the Office of the said Commiflioners hereby appointed, and by them entered in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpofe ; and the said Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall attest the fame under their Hands, and return the fame to the Per* son or. Perfons producing the fame at the (aid Office; and every such Receipt so attested, and every such Entry in any of the (aid Books, shall respectively from thenceforth be an Acquittance and Dif-charge for the Sums expressed therein to have been received as against the said Commiflioners and every of them, their and every of their Executors and Adminiftrators, as well to the Perfon or Perrons . to whom such Receipts shall be given, as to all and every the Perfons who shall have entered into any Security in respect of the Exchequer Bills mentioned in such Certificate to which such Receipt shall be subscribed, their and every of their Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators respectively.

Money paid into LX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums Bank to be from Qf Money which shall be paid into the Bank of England, under or by 1 vT*to virtue of this Aft, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Re-Mmefty/s Exchequer at Wegmnftcr, distinctly and apart spirt, &c. from all other Monies ; and that there shall be provided and kept m the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the Monies paid into the said Receipt by virtue •of this Aft, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid into the said Receipt upon any other Account whatever ; and that all the Monies so paid into the said Receipt, by virtue of this Aft, shall be subject and liable to the Ufes and PurpoCes hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, in the first Place, for paying off and dif-charging all the Exchequer Bills to be made out by virtue of this 'Aft, with such Intereft as shall be payable thereon at the respective •Days and Times, and in the Order and Courfe in which the fame rare hereby directed to be discharged ; and all such Exchequer Bills .and Intereft thereon as aforesaid, shall he and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the first Monies that shall arise in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer accordingly; and after paying off and discharging the fame, in the next Placet# pay off *11 the Charges and Expences which shall be

,	incurred

AJXiftii.

gi# geo, in.

Ct;»

?*

incurred by the bid Commiffiemers hereby appointed in carrying ibis Ad into Execution* and to make good all such Sum* at shall bare been issued to the said Commiflionera out of the Publick Monies to* wards the said Charges and Expenccs* in pursuance of the Orders of the Lords Commiffiooert of His Majesty’s Treafury* or any of them* or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being* according to the Directions of this Ad* and alio to pay and btiify all Charges and Expences incident to or attending the making out such Exchequer Bills; and (if any Surplus shall remain of the Monies paid into the said Receipt* by virtue of this] Ad, after btisfying the several Sums hereby charged thereon as afortbid* such Surplus shall be referred for the Difpofition of Parliament.

LXI. And be it further enaded* That on the (trend Days and Times on which such Exchequer Bills are hereby directed to be discharged $ that is to by* on the First Day of February next enfu-ing the palling of this Ad* the Third Day of May then next to filing, the Fourth Day of Aurufiy and the Second Day of No* umber then next enfuing* or within Ten Days after such Days re* (pedirely* the Lords Coromiffioner* of the Treasury, or Three or more of them* or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being*~(hall caufc a true aud perfect Account in Writing to he taken and at* tested by the proper Officers* of all the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Ad* which shall become payable on the re* fpedive Days and Times before fpecified* and of the Monies which ball then be in the bid Receipt applicable to the paying off and dif-charging the fame ; and if the Money which shall hive arisen in the said Exchequer for or on account of the Payments to be made by the Btak of England by virtue of this Ad, on the refpedhre Periods before mentioned* shall not he sufficient to discharge the whole Principal and lntereft due as aforebid* on the several Exchequer Bills to be issued in pursuance of this Ad* then such Deficiency shall and may be supplied and made good by and out of the Aids or Supplies which shall have been or shall he granted in this or any subsequent Seffioo of Parliament; and in cate the Monies arising from such Aids or Supplies shall not at the Time be fuffident for that Purpofe* then all the'laid Exchequer Bills remaining undischarged* with the lntereft and Charges incident to or attending the lame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any Time or Times after any such Deficiencies shall happen* shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Fund called The CoufoBdated Fund of Great Britain** except such Monies of the bid Confolidated Fund as are appropriated to any particular Ufe or Ufes* by any A£t or Ads of Paniament in that Behalf; and inch Monies of the bid Confolidated Fund shall and may he issued and applied from Time to Time* as soon as the fame can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and difcharg-ing such remaining Exchequer Bills* lntereft and Charges* until the whole of them shall he paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpole be kept and reserved in the Exchequer* to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

LXI I. Provided always, and be. it further ena&ed* That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the bid Confolidated Fund* shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be tbenafter granted in Parliament; any Thing herein contained

F 4	to

Tresfiiry to caufc Accounts to bo taken of Exchequer Bilk when payable, ana of Money in Exchequer to dUchaffe tbenk

Monies tfued

out of Confab, dated Fund, re* placed out of first Supplier

A45.i8n.

a

G.15.

5i'g£o. ni.

Bank may advance Money on Credit of 5 & 6 W. & M.

C. 30.

Commiffloneri to give Account of Proceedings to Treasury.

Major Part of Commissioners may fill up Vacancies by Death, Ire with Confent of Treasury.

Perfons advancing Ltthcquer £Ub by Loan, may take Five per Cent In-teicfl.

to the cdfitraiy notwithstanding: Provided aUo» that what* vet Monies (haU be afterwards paid by the Bank of England into the said Receipt ih pursuance of this A'ft, shall be applied towards fir* placing the Monies before ifTaed of the (hid Aids or Supplies, or bat of the laid Confofidated Fund, as the case may be $ any Thing herein contained to the contrary not with ft artdi hg.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it mail be lawfol for the Ooverbbr and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to His Majesty in like Manner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer. upon the Credit of any Loan granted by this Aft, any Sam or Suais of Money not exceeding in the whole the 6utn of Six Millions ; any Thing in an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King Willtatn and Queen Mary, intituled, An A3 for granting to Their Majflies federal Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vcjfdt) and up<M Btfr, Ale ahd other -Liquors, for ft* curing certain Recompences ahd Advantages in the said A3 mentioned) to fah Perfons as flail vohatthtrily advance the Sum of One Million five hundredthotcfOnd roundtfovoards carrying on the War againfi France \ to the cbntHuy thereof in any Wife not wfthftgfoffirtft.

LXIV. And be it farther enacted, That the aid Commissioners hereby appointed Khali from Time to Time at their IWferetion, or as often *3 they fball be thereunto required, daring theh* carrying on ahy Proceedings by virtue Of this Aft, and as fedn as pofliWe after the Determination of such Proceedings, without any further Reqtrrfition, give an Account of their Proceedings in Writing to the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty'8 Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being.

LXV. And be ft further enacted. That if any .of the laid Commissioners appointed by this Aft, shall decline to aft m the Execution of the Powers and Trufts hereof, or having begun to aft^lhaH decline to aft any further therein, or shall depart this Life daring the Continuance of this Aft, it Ihatt be lawful for ttae remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of them aftrng as aforefeid, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, by and with the Content and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty*® Tiea-fury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to constitute and appoint such Perfon or Per-fens to be a Comtrnffioner'or Commissioners for the Purpofe aforefeid, in the Place of the Commiffioner or Commissioners so tefofiftg to aft, or dedinmg further to aft, or dying as aforefeid, as the said acting Commissioners, or the major Part of them, with such Content and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit, and fe often as such Cafe shall happen; and the Perfon or Perfotfs so confckuted and appointed by the said Commissioners, with such Content fend Approbation as aforesaid, having first qualified to aft by taking and tub-fertbing tfhe Oath hereinbefore pibvided and dirested, shall be in-vetted with the fame Powers and Authorities as are given or delegated by this Aft tmto the said Commiffioner or Comanffiooers conttkuted by this Aft itfpeftfvely.

LXVI. And be ft further enacted, That it thall he lawfol fir al Perfons, Bodies Pohtich err Corporate, advancing any df the Exchequer Bffls to he iftbed by virtue of this Aft, by way of Loan, to any Perfon who may be willingio accept such Exchequer Bills, valuing the fame at the Sum which shall be expressed therein rrfjpcftfoely,

together

A.D.i&ii.

71

5i*GE0.IIL	C.ij*

together with such Intereft at rahy hare accrued thereon at the Time of advancing Rich Loan, to charge and receive Intereft for such Loan at the Rate of Five Pounds pet Centum pet Annum ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary not with (lauding.

LXVII. And he it tutthcr enacted, That the said Commissioners Commiffionm fhaU and may receive and fend all their Letters and Packets free free of PdUse. froth the Duty of Pottage; provided that such Letters and Packets as shall be sent to the said Commissioners, be diredtd to <* The Com* ymfiomtrs far the Mite of Exchequer BWs at their Office ;M and that all such Letters and Packets as shall be sent fay them be dated from their said Office, and fhaU be signed on the Otttiide of such Letters and Packets by such Petfon as the said Comtnifionm, with the Content of the Lords Commissioners of the Trtafury, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint, (and under such Reftri&ioos and Regulations ns the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall think proper and dvred.

LXVII I. And be it further enlded, That any Wares or Mer- Depofitnor cbandice fold by Public Sale by way .of Audion under the Autfao- hablemAuAion rity of this Ad, shall and may be told free of the Duty imposed Duty’ * upon Sales by Audion.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That ho Obligation to His OMfestions, && Majesty taken by the said C^mnuffioners, nor any Heritable Securi- not ,lab,e t0 ties, nor any Affigumefft of any Heritable Securities taken by the Stan,P DutP laid Cemmmnners, or any Pv^iflory Note to he given to the Serousj to the said CoiMniffionm under this Ad as a Security for the Loan of Money in such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, nor any Affidavit, Depofition or Receipt taken or to be taken or made under and by virtue of this Aft, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no A&icnt or Suit (half Limitation at be commenced against any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done by A&ions. virtue of or in pursuance of this Ad, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof m Writing ffiall have been given to the Secretary for the time being of the fwd Commissioners; nor after a sufficient Satis-fa&»n or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved; nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed 5 and’every such Aftion shall he brought in the said refpedivt Court of Exchequer, and shall be laid in tire County of Mtddlefcx or the City of Edinburgh respectively, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants of such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Ifftre, and give this Ad, and the fpeciai Matter in £vi- Gsneral Iflue. deuce, at any Trial to be had thereupon, ond that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Ad; and if the fame tintH appear so to be done, or if such Adion or Suit shall be brought after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought without Fourteen Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other Courtly err Place, Or after a sufficient Satisfadion made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become noofinted or fifffer a Difcontinuance of his, her or their Adion or A&ious, or if a Verdid shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cofts, and shall have Treble Cuds, such Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit i* any other Cafes by Law.

LXX I. And

AJD.iSi r-

*7*

Coantvrfettmg Cpritfcrtet, &c.



AfirmatkriNu

A# *T5V be al-t’vc.

Holden of cer-tiin Exchequer BHb carrying fane co Exchequer ihall re. Cctr« Certificates to the Brink.

C.15,16.	$t°	GEO. HI-

LXXI. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perlbna /hall forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be forged* counterfeited or altered, or knowingly or willingly aA or assist ia the forging, counterfeiting or altering any Certificate or Certificates of the said Cocmnifitoners by this. A A appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Receipt or -Receipts to be given by the Caftuer or Cafliiers of the Bank of England* in purfnance of this AA ; or shall wilfully deliver to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’a Exchequer for the time being, or to any Officer appointed by him, or to the said Commifiioners by this Act appointed or aay of them, or to any Officer or Officers appointed by them* or any of them, in the Execution of the Powers of this A A; or shall utter any fuck forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, knowing the fame to he forged, counterfeited or altered* with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or SncceEors, or any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Perfon whomsoever, then and in every such case, all and every Perfon or Perfon* so offending, and being thereof lawfully conviAcd, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall fufier Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

LXX1I. And be it further enaAed, That in all cases where m* Oath may be admini&ercd by this AA, it shall be lawful to admiuifter an Affirmation in lieu thereof, as the case may require.

LXXIII. And be it further enaAed, That this A A, or any of the Provifions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any A A or AAs to be palfed in this present Seffion of Parliament.

C A P. XVI.

An A A for grouting Annuities to difdiarge certain Exchequer Bills.	[4th	April	1811.J

• Mod Gracious Sovereign,

4 TT7E Your Majesty’s molt dutiful and loyal SubteAs, the Com-

*	VV monsof the United Kingdom, iu Parliament afiembled, being 4 desirous of making Frovifion to satisfy the Principal Sums contained 4 in certain Exchequer Bills, now out (landing, to the Amount of 4 Twelve Millions Sterling, have resolved, that all Perfons interfiled 4 in or entitled unto certain Exchequer Bills should be entitled, it

*	refpeA of the Principal Sums contained therein, to such Capital 4 Stock in Annuities as are hereinafter mentioned, fubjeA to the 4 Provifions of this A A ;’ We Your Maiefty’s most faithful Commons, do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enaAed ; and be it enaAed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aftemhled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Perfon interested in or entitled unto anv Exchequer Bill or Bills dated between the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, and the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven ; who shall between the Twenty first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and the Twenty seventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, both inclusive, have carried the fame to the Office of the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills, uulefs the said Principal Sum of Twelve Millions Sterling shall have been

fooner

C s5!»

A.D.1811.	5 z9 geo.	in.



fooner subscribed at the. laid Office, in such Exchequer Bills, shall be paid* the Intereft that shall have become due thereupon to the Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, in Money, as soon after the said Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, as can conveniently be done, and shall have in Exchange for such Exchequer Bills from such Pay mailers Certificates to the Governor and Company pf the Bank of England% expelling the Principal Sum contained in such Bill or Bills, entitling the Holders of such Exchequer Bills, in respect of the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, to the Sum of One hundred and Three Pounds Fourteen Shillings Capital Stock, in Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eleven, for each One hundred Pounds contained in such lafl mentioned Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater Sum ; and that all Perfons interested in or entitled unto such Exchequer Bills as afore-said, ihaU, by having delivered the fame between tne respective Days aforesaid, into the laid Office of Paymafters of Exchequer Bills, be deemed to have accepted of the aforesaid Terms \ which said Annuities shall be paid and payable at the Bank of England, at the Times and in the Manner herein mentioned: Provided always, that the ProvHeu Amount of the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills to be exchanged for Certificates in pursuance of this Ad, IhaU not exceed the Sum of Twelve Millions Sterling.

“ Exchequer Office to receive and cancel such Exchequer Bills, on " granting such Certificates. $ 2. Certificates to entitle to certain “ Annuities, payable at the Times herein mentioned. Foreign u Attachment. § 3. Annuities payable out of Consolidated Fund.

“$4. Certificates assignable before Augujt 1, 18x1. § c. Bank,

“ on receiving Certificates, to give Credit in Books for tne Capital “ Stock therein mentioned ; which Stock may be transferred. § 6.

“ Exchequer to issue Money to the Bank for Payment of the An-“ mnties. § 7. Accountant General to examine the Calhiers Ac-M counts. § 8. Money converted into Five^rr Cent. Annuities to " be added to the Joint Stock of Five per Cent. already eftablilhed.

* f 9. Mode of transferring Stock. § 10. Penalty of counterfeit-'* mg Certificates, See. § 11. Bank to continue a Corporation for K the Purpofe of this Ad. § 12. No Fee to be taken on Penalty " of 20L (13. Bank to receive a Compenfation for their Ser-“ vices, f 14.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons General lift* Ihall at any Time or Times be sued, moleited or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Ad, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Perfon or Perfons shall and may plead the General Ifsue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if a Verdid shall pah for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Hall discontinue his or their Adion, or be nonsuited, or Judgment ihall be riven again ft him or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cofh to him or them Treble Oofta. awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

[Tbit A8> cncept at to Data and Sumt% it in the fame Wordt at 50 G. 3. c. 23.3

CAP.

A*D* iSif •

49 G.J. c.53.

5 24. § *9-

Enrolments of Men for completing Militia *f>crSept 30, j8iO, before tifuing of any fbch Order of the Frinc- Regent, valid, &c.

C. 17,18.	51* GEO. III.

cap. xvn.

An A€t to render valid certain Ads done for completing the Regular Militia, and to indemnify the Perfons concerned therein.	[4th April 1811.3

*	II7 HE REAS an Ad passed in the Forty ninth Year of Hit

*	VV present Majesty, intituled. An Ad for completing the Militia 4 of Great Britain : And whereas by the said A«, every County,

*	Hundred and Parifh, for which the full Number of Men required

*	fhall not be enrolied, is made subject to a Fine of Forty Pounds 4 for every Man deficient; and it is by the said Ad also enadcd, 4 that when and so soon as all the Men required to be raised for the 4 Militia of any County shall have been railed and enrolied, or at the 4 Expiration of the Period allowed for railing Men, all further Ballot 4 and Enrolment ihould be suspended for a limited Time: And

*	whereas in some of the Counties in which the full Number re-

*	quired had not beeu raised and enrolled before the First Day of ‘ Oftob& One thoefand eight hundred and ten, Men have been

*	ballot ted, raised and enrolled under the said lad mentioned Pro* 1 vision, although no Order for continuing the Ballot bad then been 4 made by His Majesty: And whereas all the Counties in which the 4 full Number required have not been raifed^ are uow directed, by an 4 Order of His Royal Highncfs the Prince Regent, in the Name and 4 on the Behalf of His Majesty in Couneil, under the Provifions of

*	the said Ad,' to raise the Number of Men deficient; and k is 4 therefore expedient, that all Doubts should be removed as to the 4 Men raised after the First Day of 0Bober and before the iffuing

*	of such OrderMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Tern* poral, and Commons, iu this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all Enrolments of Men, raised in any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town or Place, for the completing the Militia under the hud Ad, after the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and tea, before the iftuing of any such Order of His Royal HigfcneJs the Prince Regent, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Mqjcfty, and all Ads, Matters and Things done for the ballotting or enrolling of any such Men, or in any manner relating thereto, under any of the Provifions of the (aid Ad, or of any Ad relating to the Militia, for the Purpofe of raising such Men, shall be as good, valid and effectual as if the lame had been done after the issuing of such Order of His Royal Highaefr the Prince Regent, in the Name and on the Behalf of rfis Majesty in Couneil; and all Perfons who have acted in the Execution of the said Ade, or any of the Provifions thereof, for the balloting, raising or enrolling of such Men, or in any matter or thing relating thereto, shall be, and they are hereby indemnified For and on account of the fame, and shall be and are hereby released from all A&ions, Suits, Penalties and Forfeitures whatever, incurred by them, or any of them* in relation thereto.

CAP. XVIII.

An A6l to indemnify such Perfons 4n the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themfekes for Oilices and Employ*

A.D.iSn*

*7

51* GEO. III.	0.18,19.

ployments 5 and for extending the times limited for those Purpofe9 respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve $ and to permit such .Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures pf Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twelve.	[4 th April	1811.]

CAP. XIX.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Aft of the Forty fifth Tear of His present Majesty for appointing Commit fioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure and the Conduft of Public Bufmefs in the Military Departments therein mentioned, and to extend the fame to Public Works executed by the Office of Works and others.

[[4th April 1811.]

4 TT7HEREAS an Aft was patted in the Forty fifth Year of 45 G.3.C.47.

• VV the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An A& to 1 appoint Commtjfioncrs to enquire ctnd examine into tlse Public Expen-4 dtture, and the Conduft of Public Bufinefs in the Military Depart-4 ments therein mentioned, and to report such Obfervations as shall 4 occur to them, for correcting or preventing any Abtifcs and Irregu-4 iaritie/f and for the better conducing and managing tie Bufinefs of the 4 /aid Departments j to continue in force for Tzvo Tears, and from thence 4 until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then 4 next Seffion of Parliament; which said Aft was continued by fub-4 sequent Afts until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand 4 eight hundred and eleven: And whereas it is expedient that the 4 laid Aft 'and the Powers of the said Commissioners Ihould be re-4 rived and further continued for a limited Period, and ihould be 1 extended to an Enquiry into the Expenditure and Conduft of the 4 Bufinefs in the Office of Works, and into the Execution of other i Public Works hereafter mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said recited Aft and all the Powers and Provifions therein contained, as extended by this Aft, shall be and the fame are hereby revived and Continued till further continued in full force from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One ’ thousand eight hundred and twelve.

II. And be it further enacted. That in addition to the Several ConumHioness t)fices which the said Commissioners are directed to enquire into by *•» entire into the said recited Aft, such Commissioners ihali also enquire and examine *uol,c Expsntfi-intothe Public Expenditure and Conduft of Bufinefs in the Offiae V*r« 7”'“ of Works, and alu> into the Mode and Syftem pursued in the jn ot^ce *{' c Conduft and Execution of Public Works, the Expenses of which Wtoks, fee.

*re fpeciaUy voted by Parliament, and are not included in the Efti-flutW'of any Public Department, and which may not come under the

immediate

A»S* zffir*

C. 19,20.	51*	GEO. III.

immediate Controul and Dire&ion of the Office of Works; and whether any and what Abufes or Irregularities exist, and in any fach Cafes as appear to them to require it, whether any or what Abufes or Irregularities have existed in such Office or Department, or in the Execution of such other Works, or have been practised or committed by any Perfon or Perfons that now are or have been concerned io managing, conducing or tranfs&ing thb Bufinefs of the said Office or Department, or other Works, os been in any Mannfcr employed therein; and shall report upon and state the fame to His Majeayand to both Houfes of Parliament, and also report on the moil effectual Means of remedying the fame, and generally shall report on the 8tate and Management of the said Office and Department and other Works, and fugged any such Regulations for the better carrying os the Public Service in regard thereto as may appear to them mod conducive to the Public lntereft.

45	O. 3. C.4*. HI* And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, extended to In- Penalties and Means of recovering the fame Clauses, Matters and qjiinr mto Office Things contained in the said recited A A relative to the Inquiry into of Works, the Offices and Departments therein mentioned, shall be in force and be applied as far as the fame are applicable to the- conducing the Inquiry hereby authorized to be made into the Office of Works, and into the Execution of such other Works as aforesaid, in the fame Manner as if the said Office of Works and other Works had been originally included in the said recited Aft.

CAP. XX.

An Aft to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain to enlist annually into the Regular Foroes; and to provide for the gradual Reduftion of 3ie said Militia.

[nth April 1811.]

*	TT THE REAS it is necefTary to provide a permanent Supply of

*	VV Men. for His Majesty’s Regular Foroes, and it is therefore f expedient to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great 4 Britain annually to enlist into His Majesty’s Regular Foroes, under 4 certain Reftriftions ;’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

What Portion of assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful Milhb of G. B. for His Majesty annually to accept the Services of such Men of the allowed to enlist. Militia of England not exceeding Five tlioufand seven hundred and fourteen, and of the Militia of Scotland not exceeding One thouiand one hundred and forty two, as shall rcfpeftively be willing to enlist into His Majesty’s Regular Foroes, and for such Numbers of Men from the Militias of England and Scotland r’efpeftively to enlist into His Majesty’s Regular Foroes, under the Regulations, and subject to the Reftriftions hereinafter mentioned.

His Majesty II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His nnj appoint Re* Majesty, by any Order or Orders signed by His Majesty’s Secretary etmews in which Qf State, to name and appoint such and so many of the Regiments of loa'j1enliftT"	His Majesty’s Regular Forces as His Majesty shall think fit, to receive

Volunteers from the Militia in Great Britain under this Aft, out of any Regiment or Regiments of Milttia named in any such Order; ana it shall be lawful for any Number of Private Men of any fuch

• Regiment

A.D.i8it»

51°GEO. III.	C.20.	•?

Regiment of Militia, not exceeding the Proportion hereinafter mentioned, to enlist in the Manner and Under the Regulation* herein mentioned, into any Regiment as aforesaid, which in any such Order of Hit Majesty shall be named to receive Volunteers from such Regiment of Militia.

III.	And be it further enacted, That HU Majefty’® Secretary of Number of Mm State shall annually ascertain the Number of Private Men that may to enlist.

he allowed to enlist out of each Regiment of the Militia of Great	*

Britain, so that the whole Number do not exceed Five thousand seven hundred and fourteen .Men from the Militia of England» and One thouGmd one hundred and forty two Men from the Militia of Scotland; and that the Number taken from the Militia of each County (haU be in the fame relative Proportion to, and not exceed One Seventh Part of the Quota fixed for each County respectively, bv Two several Ada palled in the Forty second Year of the Reign 4*0 3 cc.po, of His present Majesty, relating to the Militias of England and Scot- 9ta had, and by an Adi palled in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign 37 G.3*e. *5« of His present Majesty, relating to the Militia of the Tower Hamlets; .and His Maiefty’s Secretary of State shall annually, on or before the Ftrft Day of February, signify to the Commanding Officers of every. Regiment of Militia, the Number of Private Men that shall be allowed to enlist under the Provifion of this Ad 5 and in case the Militia of any County shall consist of more than One Battalion, His Majefty’* Secretary of State shall ascertain the Number of Private Men that may be allowed to enlist out of each of such Battalions, by the Proportion which the Private Men serving in each such Battalion bears to the whole Number of Private Men actually serving in the Militia of each County.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further eaacted, That it shall In what «r«

be lawful for His Majesty by . any Order signed by His Majettv’a HisMajeily Secretary of State, to allow of the enlisting into the Regular Forces may a,k*J *	.

of any greater Number of Men in Addition to such Proportion as to^enlifti^ aforeUid, out of the Militia of any County, in which by reason of

the full Number of Men not having enlisted under any former Ad or Ads of Parliament, the whole Number of Men serving shall exceed the Quota, and such Proportion of Supernumeraries as are by this Ad fpectfied for such County, until the Militia of such County iball be reduced to such Quota and Number of Supernumeraries under this Ad.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it ihall be lawful for His Appointment tf Majesty to appoint such General or Field Officers, specially autho- Officers to ap*. rised by His Majesty, or by the Commander in Chief of His Ma- PJjwe 01 jelly’s Foroes, for that Purpose, to insped, approve or reject the cn ’

Private Men who Aall be desirous of enlisting under this Ad; and

such Officers may approve of or reject such Private Men accordingly; Provided always, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall	«■

extend to authorize any such Officers to reject any Private Men de&ruus of enlisting as aforesaid, who shall be of the Height of Five Height.

Feet and Four Inches or upwards, and ugder the Age of Thirty Age. five Years, and not disabled by Lamenefs or other Bodily Infirmity.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That every Commanding Officer H» Majefty** of a Regiment of Militia shall, within Two Days after the Receipt Orders and

of the Order as to Men enlisting, cause his Regiment to be drawn f re*?# suf, and such Commanding Officer shall read or caijfc to be read by ^ °

feme

*♦

C. 20-

Sx* GEO. m.

A.D.1811.

Haines of Men

anlilting, taken down*

IfNumber enlisting shall not be the due Proportion, further En-Mment.

Where Number allowed shall not have cnlirted, His Majesty may appoint further Periods.

As soon as Number en-tfted is afeer-tained, they IhaH bo dif-charge<\ and, if approved, at* tailed. "

feme Commiffioned Officer to the Regiment of Men so draws out. His Majesty’s Orders in relation to enlisting under this Adfc, and shall eaufe the fame to be given out in Orders, and shall, iu such Manner aa His Majesty shall dirad, explain to the Men the Terms upon which any Man serving in the Militia may enlist into His Majesty’s Regular Forces under tnis A &; and shall on the Day next fucceediog eaufe his Regiment to be drawn out, and the Names of the Men who shall then voluntarily declare their Intention of enlisting to be written down, and if the Number of Men shall exceed the Proportion allowed to enlist, such Excels (hall'be reduced by Ballot to the Number authorized to enlift*

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Number of Private Men in any Regiment of Militia, who shall (when so drawn out as aforefaid) voluntarily declare their Intention to enlist, shall not amount to the Proportion authorized to enlist, then and in such Cafe a Book shall be opened by the Commanding Officer, and it shall be lawful for any other of such Men, not exceeding the Number necessary to complete the Number allowed to enlist under this Ad, at any Time within Seven Days after the last Day of such Two Days on which such Regiment of Militia shall have been drawn out, to enter their Names in such Book as willing to enlist as aforesaid.

VIU. And be it further enacted, That in case the whole Number of Men allowed to enlist in any one Year under the Provifions of this Ad, from any Regiment of Militia, shall not have enlisted into His Majesty’s Regular Forces within the said Seven Days as aforesaid, it ihall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order or the Secretary of State, signified to the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, (to appoint, from time to time, further Periods of Three Days each for enlisting into Hie .Majefty** Regular Foroes, until the whole Number allowed to enlist shall have declared their Intention of enlisting, and during any such Periods it shall be lawful for any Man to enlist under this Ad from such Regiment in manner aforesaid : Provided always, that Ten Days* Notice (hisll from time to time be given to such Commanding Officer, and by him to his Regiment, of the several Days or Periods so to be appointed for enlisting, previous to each such Period, and that there shall be an Interval of Fourteen Days at least between each such Period of Three Days.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Number of Private Men to be enlisted from any Regiment shall have been ascertained in Manner by this Ad diroded, at each of such respective Periods as aforesaid, the Commanding Offieer of such Regiment is hereby required to discharge all such Private Men so to be enlisted from the Militia ; and every such Private Man so discharged as aforesaid, shall, if approved by the Officer appointed for that Purpose, immediately thereupon belong to the Regiment into which he shall have declared or shall declare his Intention to enlist, if he shall have enlisted into any Regiment of His Majesty’s Regular Foroes, fpeci-lied in His Majesty’s Orders, or shall belong, if he shall not nave enlisted into any such Regiment, as an enlisted Soldier to His Majefty** Regular Foroes; and every such Man shall be thereupon immediately attested for such Service in His Majesty’s Regular ‘Foroes, and shall, as soon as conveniently may be, be transferred tb 14	.	feme

C. 20.

5 »• GEO. m.

«i

fome Officer of the Regiment iqto which he shall have enlisted, or such Officer of Hi* Majefty's Regular Force* as His Majesty may have appointed to receive Men enlisted under this Ad*

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or in liis Lord Lieutenant Abfence the Vice Lieutenant, or any Three Deputy Lieutenants to transmit ro authorized by His Majesty to ad as Lieutenant of any County J^rivjrCouncil aforesaid, shall, within Ten Days after the receiving of any Order for

thatx Purpose, from His Majesty, signified by His Maiefty's Secre- *# tary of State, transmit to His Ma'efty's Privy Couneil, an accurate Account in Writing of the Number of Perfons that shall have been discharged from the Militia of their respective Counties, and enlisted as aforesaid under this Ad, which Account shall, in all Cafes where the fame may be necefiary, be transmitted by the Commanding Officers of such Militia, to such Lieutenants, Vice Lieutenants ot Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid for that Purpofe.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Private In what cases Militia Man ftiall be entitled to enlist under this Ad, who shall be Perfons in Cook in Confinement under any Sentence of any Court Martial, or with finementeoti-

a View'to being tried by any Court Martial, until he shall have tierftoenhft«

fufFered the Sentence of such Court Martial, or shall have been

acquitted, or until such Sentence shall have been remitted ; and that

no Private Militia Man shall be entitled to bis Difcharge, or to

enlift under this Ad, who shall have been sentenced to any Punifh-

ment by any Court Martial for any Offence committed within the

Space of Three Calendar Months before the time of his so offering

to enlist, unless he shall obtain the Confent of the Commanding

Officer of the Regiment of Militia in which he shall be ferving

at the time of his being desirous of enlisting as aforesaid.

XII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Perfon Certain Perfons

ferving in the Militia, who shall be usually employed as Adjutant's not to enlist Clerk or Regimental Clerk, or as a Drummer, or as a Muhcian in	Co*fent

the Band of the Regiment of Militia to which he shall belong, or office”1”30 shall be usually employed a9 an Armourer in any such Regiment,

or who shall have been trained as an Artilleryman or Matross, and as such shall be attached to any Artillery belonging to any Regiment of Militia, not exceeding Twenty Men in each Battalion, shall be entitled to his Difcharge, or to enlist 30 aforesaid under this Ad, unless he shall obtain the Confent for that Purpofe of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment of Militia in which he shall be then serving.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Serjeatirt and be lawful, with the Confent of the Officer commanding any Re- C 'morals may giment of Militia, for any Number of Serjeants and Corporals, not

exceeding the Proportion of One Serjeant and One Corporal for every Twenty Men enlisting from any Regiraerit of Militia, to enlist in like manner and at such Periods, as a Part of the said Quota, into His Majefty's Regular Foroes; and if any greater Number of Seijeants and Corporals than such Proportion as aforesaid shall be desirous of enlisting as aforesaid, such Number shall be reduced by Ballot to the . Number authorized to enlist.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commanding Commanding Officer of any Regiment of Militia to discharge any Officerrmay re-Private Militia Man, who shall desire his Difcharge for the Purpofe

of being enlisted under this Ad, upon assigning in Writing to the 51 Geo. III. *	G	General

A.D.ifin.

it

C. 26.

Si* GEO. III.

Perfoits discharged refuting to enlist, Ate. to belong to Regiment from which dilcharged.

Officers not to enlist, Arc. other than filch as shall have been duly discharged.

No Perfon drafted from Regiment in wh ch enlisted.

Upon Production of Certificate, Men voluntarily entitled, difetiarged from Lilt of Militia Men for that County.

Returns of Men colisted,

General Officer commanding in the Diftrid within which such Keginhcnt of Militia shall be quartered, or to the Adjutant General of His Majefty's Foroes, where there shall not be fitch General Officer as aforesaid, such Caufe for his Refulal as shall be deemed sufficient by such General Officer or Adjutant General, as the case may be.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Perfon discharged from the Militia, for the Puiyofe of being enlifled into any Regiment as aforesaid, or into His Majesty’s Regular Foroes, under this Ad, shall notwithilanding refuse to enlist puriuant to any Declaration of being delirous to enlist so made by him as aforesaid, or shall not be approved of by the Officer appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, then and in every such case, such Perfon shall continue to belong to the Regiment of Militia from which he shall have been so discharged for the Purpofe of enlisting as aforesaid, notwith(landing any such Difcharge.

XVI.	Provided also, and be it further enabled. That nothing in this Aft contained shall authorize any Officers appointed by Idis Majesty to enlist and receive Militia Men under this Ad, or any Commanding Officer, or other Officer, or Non-commiffioned Officer of any Regiment as aforefaid* or other Perfon, to enlist or persuade to enlist or receive any Militia Men, other than such as shall have been duly discharged by the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment cf Militia to which the PerfonS desirous of enlisting shall belong ; and if any Officer shall enlist or attempt to enliit any Militia Man, such Man shall not be permitted to enter into the Regiment to which the Officer persuading him to enlist may belong.

XVII.	And be it further enabled. That every Perfon who shall be enlisted to serve ill any Regiment so named and appointed as aforesaid, shall serve in the Regiment in which he shall have originally enlisted to serve, and in no other Regiment whatever*; and no rerfon enlisting in any such Regiment shall, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, be drafted into or serve in any other Regiment without his Consent, except in some Garrifon or Veteran Battalion, in case it shall be necessary or expedient to transfer such Peifon into any Garrifon or Veteran Battalion on account of his being disabled, or for any other sufficient Cause; and every such Perfon may be also transferred from one Battalion to another of any Regiment in which he may be fenring.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That upon the Production to the Colonel or Comptanding Officer of any Regiment of Militia, of a Certificate under the Hand of any Jufticc of the Peace of any County in Great Britain, or any Magiftrate of any City, Borough, .Town or Place therein, of any Private Man belonging to the Militia

having voluntarily enlisted, and been attested for His Majefty*® 'Regular Forces as aforesaid (which Certificate every such Juftice or Magiftrate respectively is hereby required to give gratis) such Colonel or Commanding Officer is hereby required to cause the Perfon named in such Certificate to be discharged from the Lift of Militia Men serving for such County.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of evefy Regiment of Militia shall, after the Commencement of the euliftiug of Men under this Ad, and until the whole Number of Men allowed to enlist from his Regiment shall have enlisted, at the End of every Week after each Period of enlisting in each Year, transmit to the re-

fpedivc

A.D.i8i/,

C.2dt

51‘geo.ih.

h

fpe&jve Clerks of the Subdivifion Meetings for the County to which the Regiment belong*, or where the Men of more than one County shall be so serving, then to the Clerks of such respective Counties, an accurate Return of all the Private Men serving for their respective Subdivisions who shall have enlisted under this A&, specifying therein the ChriRian and Surname of each Private Man ; ana in every case of a Private Man, shall Rate in such Return whether such Man was a ballotted Man, SubRitute, hired Man or Volunteer, and the Parifh or Place for which he was serving at the time of such enlift-ing; and the said Clerks shall, immediately upon the Receipt of such Returns, insert in the LiR of Militia Men serving for their respective Subdivisions, the Words, ** Volunteered into the Line” after the Name of each Man so returned to them as aforesaid ; and all Allowances payable to the Wives and Families of such Private Men fp enlisting shall cease from the Days specified in such Returns to such Men respectively, as the Days upon which they were respectively -enlifted for Service in His MajeRy’s Regular Foroes; and the said Clerks shall forthwith transmit to the respective Overseers of the '•

Poor, or Governors or Managers thereof, if in England, and to the respective Clerks of Supply, and also to the Treafurers of the Kirk Seffion, if in Scotland, an Account of the Men serving for their respective Parishes or Places who shall have enliRed under this A6t ; and all Allowances payable to the Wives and Families of any such Prime Men by virtue of any i Ads of Parliament for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of Militia Men in England and Scotland respectively, in respect whereof any Re-imburfement shall bcdire&ed by the said Ad, shall be re-imbprfed according to the Dire&ions of the (aid Ads, up to the time such enliRing shall have taken place.

XX- And be it further enacted, That no Allowance under an 43 0.3. c.47. Ad palled in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His MajeRy, Allowances to intituled, An Ad for consolidating and amending the federal Law for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men of England, when called out into actual Service, or under an Ad pafTed in the fame 43O.3. c. 89* Year, intituled. An Ad for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into actual Service, or under any other Ad for granting Allowances to the Wives and Families of Militia Men in England or Scotland, shall be granted to the Wife or Family of any Man, who after the palfing of this Adi shall be railed to serve in the Militia either of England or Scotland, & a Subfthute, hired Man or Volunteer ; but all Allowances to be granted under any of the said Ads, to the Wives or Families of any Men raised after the pafling of this Ad, for the Militia of England or Scotland, shall be confined to the Wives or Families of ballotted'

Men only.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Parifti or Place which for Men what has incurred any Fine for Men deficient on the FirR Day of Qdober Proportion, of One thousand eight hundred and ten as aforesaid, shall, for every Man ^lncs remitted, who shall be rep fed for such Parifh or Place by Ballot or otherwise after the (aid First Day of Odoher and before tne FirR Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be entitled to dedud or hate a Return of Three fourth Parts of such Fine; and for every Man who shall be so raised before the FirR Day of July One thousand eight buodned and eleven, shall be entitled to dedud or have a Rctufn

G 2

of

*4

C. jo.

5i»geo. in.

A.D.1&11.

When Men required by 49 0.3. c. 53. to be raised are enrolied, &c. further Ballot suspended.

Hi* Majesty may order Men to be raised by Beat of Drum fa? Militia.

of One Half of such Fine; and fbr every Man who shall be so raised before the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall be entitled to deduct or have in return One Fourth Part of such Fine.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so soon as all the Men required to be raised for the Militia of any County, unde.r an Aft paflfed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majessy, iutituled. An Ad for completing the Militia of Great Britain, shall have been raised orenrolied, or at the Expiration of the Periods specified in this Adi, during which any Parifh is entitled to have a Return of Part of any Fine which such Parifh may have incurred for any Deficiency in the Militia, all further Ballot of Men in such County shall be suspended, and shall remain so suspended until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majessy, when it shall appear to His Majesty to be necessary, for the more speedily completing the Number of Men to be raised for the Militia, from time to time under the Provifions of this Aft, to order and direct, under an Order of His Majesty in Couneil, that the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants in any County, or the Colonels or Commanding Officers of the Regiments of Regular Militia in Great Britain, and the Commiffioned Officers and Non-commiffioned Officers of the Regiments of Regular Militia, and the Adjutants, Quarter Mailers, Staff Serjeants to Non-commHfioned Officers and Drummers of the Local Militia, remaining on permanent Pay and unbodied, and when not assembled for Training and Ex-ercife, duly authorized by their Commanding Officers for the time being, or by other proper Order or Warrant, by Beat of Drum or otherwise, in their respective Counties or the adjoining Counties, to raise Volunteers for the Regiments of Regular Militia of the Counties to which they respectively belong, for the completing the Number of Men required to be raised and enrolled under the Provifions of this Aft, and to direct that the Ballot shall either cease or proceed together with such raising or enrolling of Men by Beat of Drum or other-wife as aforesaid; and every Volunteer so raised as aforesaid shall take the Oath required to be taken by Subflitutes in the Militia, which Oath shall and may be administered by any Perfon respectively authorized to administer Oaths to Perfons enrolled in the Militia, or by any Juflice of the Peace or Deputy Lieutenant for the County in which such Volunteers shall have been raised, or in which the Regiment for which he shall have been raised shall be at the time of his joining such Regiment.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That the Colonels or Corn-Officers to trant-> man ding Officers for the time being, of the several Regiments of ofMenraifcd* Militia for which any Men shall be so raised as aforesaid, shall, at the to Qlerks o^Gt- Expiration of every Month from the Commencement ofenlifling such henl Meetings. Volunteers as aforesaid, transmit to the Clerks of General Meetings

: .	.	of their respective Counties Certificates, and where the Men of more

Counties than one are united to form any Regiment of Militia, then a Certificate to each of filch Counties, of the Number of Men raised for their respective Regiments, .according to the Form in the Schedule to this Aft annexed,*marked (A.)

Bounty paid :	XXV. And t>e it further enacted, That a Sum not exceeding

tmder such Re- TwfIve Guineas shall be allowed and paid to respect of every Man xulaikws a* His ......... *

Commanding

C. 20<

«S

510 GEO. m.

who shall be provided or raised for the Militia as a Volunteer, by Beat Majesty shall of Drum or otherwise, under the Provilions of this Ad as aforesaid, ^red. and such Part of such Sum shall be applied towards the Expences of procuring the Volunteer, and the remaining Part as a Bounty to the Volunteer, and such Bounty shall be paid or applied to the U(e of every such Man, at such Times and Places and in inch Proportions as to any Advance of any Part thereof, and in such manner and under and subject to such Regulations and Reftriftions as His Majesty shall by any Order of nis Principal Secretary of State, by any Regulations from time to time made in that Behalf, be pleated to order and direct ; and it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to order any Receiver General in England, or Collector of the Cefs in Scotland to advance and pay any Sum or Spins of Money for or in respect of any such Bounties or any Advances in respect thereof, as may be necessary, out of any publick Monies in their Hands, or received or receivable by them out of any Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commiflloners for the Affairs of Taxes; and all Monies paid under any such Orders as aforesaid, shall be good and valid, and be allowed to all such Receivers General or Colledors of Cefs in their Accounts.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That of the Number of Per- His Majefty

fons to be raised annually for the Militia under this Ad, for any maJ County, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct that such Pro-	*	01

portion as he shall think (it, not exceeding One fourth Pairt of th$

whole Number of Perfons to be raised within the Year for such County, shall consist of Boys of the Age of Fourteen Years and upwards, and of such Height as His Majesty may direct; who shall be raised by Beat of Drum.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted. That all Provilions contained Mutiny Ad, as

in an Ad of Parliament in force for the Punilhment of Mutiny and to enliftmg, Dcfertion ; and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters,	1

in relation to the inlifting any Men for His Maicfty’s Army, shall, so Beat c” Drum far as the fame can be made applicable to the Men inlifted for the fa MiUia. Regular Militia, be applied and used and put in force by all Justices of the Peace and others, and all Perfons authorized to raise Men by .

Beat of Drum for the Militia, and the preventing Frauds and ab-fconding by Perfons inlisted, and for the Protedion of Perfons having hastily enlisted, as fully and effectually as if all such Provifions were repeated and re-enaded as to the railing of Men by Beat of Drum for the Regular Militia.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That all the Provilions con- Mutiny Ad, retained in an Ad in force for the Puniftiment of Mutiny and Defer- htingto Appren-tion, and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in

relation to the inlifting of Apprentices and the claiming of Apprentices by their Mafters, and the PunHhment of any Apprentices, and the Liability to Service after the Expiration of the Indentures, and all other Provilions in any such Ad in relation to Apprentices or their Mafters, shall, from and after the palling of this Ad, extend to all Apprentices who shall enlist or enrol themselves as Subftitutes or Volunteers in the Regular Militia, and the Mafters of such Apprentices, as fully and effectually as if the fame were severally and frparately repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

XXIX. And

C. 20.

A<D.i8it.

Vilida to-be gradually red Deed, 42 G. 3. cc. 9 Sc 9«-

37 G.3. c.3S•

Piwifo for railing Supernumeraries for Militia.

Supernumeraries to form Part of Militiu of each County, &c.

Lieutenancy to ifiretf how Supernumeraries applied.

His Majesty may direct Officers, &c. serving in Militia at time of Reduction of Privates, to be retained.

5*

• GEO. m.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Ad, the Militia of Great Britain shall be gradually reduced to the

§uotas respectively specified in an Ad, passed in the Forty second ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, andfor augmenting the Militia; and in another Ad, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An AS to raise and ejlabltfb a Militia Force in Scotland ; and in another Ad, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS for the better raising and ordering the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of .  Middlesex.

XXX. Provided always, ana be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty annually to allow and order the raising by Beat of Drum as Supernumeraries for the Militia of each County over and above the Quotas to which the Militia is to be reduced under this A61, a Number of Men equal to the Number allowed to enlist under this Ad, into the Regular Forces in each Year ia each County..

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That such Supernumeraries shall belong to and make Part of the Militia of each County, but shall not be applied to supply any other Vacancies which may arise in each County than such as shall occur from the inlifting into the Regular Forces under this Ad, and such Number of Supernumeraries shall, when so ordered by His Majesty, be kept up over and above the Number necessary from time to time to supply the Vacancies which may occur in any such Militia from Death, Dcfer-tion or Difcharge, or Expiration of Service, or Appointment of any Private Man to be Serjeant or Corporal.

XXXII. And be it further enacted. That the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of each County shall, from time to time by Ballot or otherwise, as to thtm shall seem most fair and equitable, direct the Order in which such Supernumeraries shall be applied to supply any Vacancies arising in any Parifhes by the inlifting of any of the Men serving for such Parifhes into His Majesty *s Regular Forces under this Ad.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signified by ,His Majefly’s Sccrctaj-y of State, to direct any Number of Officers, Non-commifiioned Officers and Corporals actually serving in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, at the time that any Redudion of the Number of the private Men of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall take place by the Difcharge of Men, for the Purpofe of eiiliftiiig into the Regular Forces under this Ad, to be retained during the Continuance of the present War, or for so long time during the Continuance thereof as His Majesty shall think fit, as Officers, Non-commiffioned Officers and Corporals respectively of such Regiments, Battalions or Corps, although by reason thereof the Number of Officers, Non-commif-fioned Officers and Corporals respectively of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall by such Redudion pf the Number of Private Men therein as aforesaid, exceed the Proportion of Officers, Non-pommiftioned Officers and Corporals respectively prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, by any Ad or Ada now in force $ and all such Officers, Non-commiffioned Officers and

Corporals

C. 20.

87

AJ>.x*n.	GEQ, IJf.

Corporals so retained as aforesaid, shall bp entitled to such Pay.

Emoluments and Advantages as other Officers, Non-commifliopea Officers and Corporals respectively are by Law entitled unto; ^ny thing in any Law or Aft to the contrary thereof notwuhftanding.

XXXIV.	Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the Such Officers to Officers fu retained, who shall exceed the Proportion of Officer^ fuct*cd t0 Va* respectively prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, (hall* cancie1, being duly qualified according to any Aft or Afts relating to the

Militia of England and Scotland in that Behalf, .fucceed to Vacancies	1

which may occur in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps respectively, in their respective Ranks, and beginning jvith the eldest Officer of each Rank respectively.

XXXV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where tjip Regulation* re- -EUablifhment of Field Officers of any such Regiment, Battalion or Cpettin* fiold Corps, shall, previously to such Reduction thereof as aforesaid, have °®CW5* confided of One Colonel, Two Lieutenant Colonels and Two Mrj r*,

acd by reafou of such Reduction One Colonel and One Lieutenant Colonel only, and Two Majors shall be allowed on the Edablifh-ment thereof, and One of such Majors shall at any time after such Reduction have died or resigned, then and in such case it shall be lawful for His Majesty, bv any Order signified as aforesaid, to direct that the Lieutenant Colonel, who, in consequence of such Reduftion, would have been retained as a fupermimerary Lieutenant Colonel under the Provilions of this Aft, shall remain and continue upon the Efbblifhment of such Regiment, Battaliou or Corps, with the full Rank of Lieutenant Colonel, but nevertheless with the Pay, Emoluments, and Advantages of Major; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof natwithftanding.

XXXVf. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the M'Ktia to be Period of the Reduftion of the Militia to such Quotas as aforesaid, under the Provifions of this Aft, by enliftinr:into His Majesty’s equalto°Number Regular Forces or othenvile, it shall be lawiu' ^or His Majeity to allowed to enlist, order and direct, that a Number of Men shall bftciifed for the Militia Sec. of each County by Ballot or otherwise in each Year equal to the Number of Men allowed in such Year to enliil in the Regular Forces under this Aft from the Militia of each County, whether such Number shall actually have enlisted or not; and such Men, and all Men required to supply any Vacancies that shall have arisen by Death, De-fertion or Difcharge, Expiration of Service, or otherwise, shall (if a Ballot shall have been ordered by His Majeity) be raised and supplied under the Provifions of the several Afts in force for railing the Militia; and all Rules, Regulations and Provjfions, Penalties aad Means pf recovering the fame, Clauses, Matters ^nd Things contained in any Afts relating to the Militias of England and Scotland respectively,

shall be in force and be applied, as tar as the fame are applicable, to the Purppfes of this Aft, a9 fully as if they were herein, fevc rally and separately re-vn^sted, repeated and contained.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That a Sum of Ten Bounty Mea.

. Guineas shall be allowed to every JPerfon ballotted and enrolled enrolied, under this Aft, or if any Perftm ballotted shall provide a Subflitute, or shall have a Subftitute provided for him, who shall be.enrplied, then to the Subflitute ; and such Bounty .shall be paid in such Proportions, and at such Times and.Places, and in such Proportions as to fifldiqg any Nescffayics, and as to any Advance of any Part thereof,

G 4	aa

Not to entitle to other Allowance.

Deputy Lieutenants to apportion Men raised by Beat of Drum, and Men raised by Ballot among Parifhci.

Where Number ballotted shall exceed Deficiencies, Surplus apportioned among PauHhes.

Local Militia Men may enlist in Regular Militia of lame County.

*i shall be specified in any Regulations made in that Behalf as afore-faid.	t

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfon so ballotted and receiving such Sum of Ten Guineas at aforesaid, (Hall be entitled to have or receive the Allowance of One Half of the Current Price of a Volunteer, or any othfer Allowance under any Aft of Parliament relating to the Militia, by reason of his not being poJTefied of any Eftate in Lands, Goods or Money of the clear Value of Five hundred Pounds ; any thing in any Aft of Par* liament relating to the Militia to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, Shire*, Stewartries, Cities and Places in England and Scotland respectively, and they are hereby required at some General Meeting which shall be held for that PurpoU? on or before the First Day of May in every Year, to apportion and distribute the Men raised by Beat of Drum under this Aft, in the first place to fill up any Vacancies which may have been occasioned in any Parifli, by enlisting into the Line or otherwise, and in like manner to apportion and distribute any Excels of Men raised by Beat of Drum over and above the Number of such Vacancies ; and it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meetings to be held for that Purpose, to alter from time to tjme any such Apportionments, and make any new and further Appointments or Diftributions, and place any Men so apportioned or aiftributed or applied as aforesaid to any other Parishes, in case it /hall appear to be necessary, for the making a just Diftribution of the Men (o raised by Beat of Drum as aforesaid 5 and all such Apportionments and Diftributions shall be made among the several Parifiiee either by Ballot and entering upon Lifts of the Names of the Pariflies or otherwise, and in such manner as shall appear to the Deputy Lieutenants at any such Meeting mod effectually to produce an equal and just Diftribution of the Men raised by Beat of Drum among the Pariflies ; and the Men entered and placed to any Pariflies under any such Diftribution of Apportionment shall thenceforth be deemed to belong to such Pariflies, for the supplying of any Vacancies thereafter, in like manner as if such Men had been provided as Subfti-tutes or Volunteers for such Pariflies respectively.

XL< And be it further enacted. That when the Number of Men to be raised in any County for the Militia by Ballot in any Year shall be more than sufficient to fill up the Deficiencies then existing in the Militia, and to complete the fame to the reduced Quota for such County, established by this Aft*- the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants before any such Ballot shall take place, shall proceed to apportion the Surolus among the several Hundreds and Pariflies respectively, by Ballot or otherwise, in such Manner as shall appear to them most fair and equitable, and so as the Burden of raifmg such additional Men above the Quota may be borne as equally as may be by the several Pariflies of the County, according to their refpec-tive Population, and the Numbers apportioned to the respective Ph-riflits as aforesaid shall be raised for such Pariflies accordingly.

" XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Men ^allotted or enrolled for the Local Militia of any County to enlist into the Regular Militia of the fame or any adjoining County, under this Aft, when not assembled for Training and Exercife:

Provided

A.D.iSix*

C. 40.

5i*GEb. m.

t9

Provided always, that if any Man ballotted or enrolled for the Local Militia of one County shall enlist into the Regular Militia of another County, not being an adjoining County, he shall be held to be duly enlisted, and continue to serve in such Militia until he shall be reclaimed by the Commanding Officer of the Local Militia to which he belonged previous to such Enjftraent, and upon being so reclaimed mall not be restored to such Local Militia, but shall be transferred to the Regular Militia of that County to the Local Militia of which he to belonged, and be bound to serve for the full Period therein, at if he had originally eulilled in the Militia of such County-

XLIJ. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for HiiMajeftymay His Majesty, by any Order signified by His Maiefty's Secretary MTue Orders to of State, at any time, from time to time during the Execution of L*rdL»«utenw* this Aft or any Part thereof, to give such Orders and Direftions to ""gOffiTertfor the Lieutenants, or, in the Vacancy of the Office or Abfence of any executing Aft. Lord Lieutenant to the Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants authorized to aft as Lieutenant, or to the respective Colonels or Commanding Officers of any Regiment of Militia, as His Majesty shall from time to time think expedient and necessary for the Execution of this Aft; and the several Lieutenants, Vice Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, and Colonels and Commanding Officers aforesaid, shall proceed forthwith in pursuance of His Majefty's Oders, to do all such Afts as shall be necessary for the Purpofe of carrying such Orders into Execution, and for the due Execution of the Provifions of this Aft.

XL11I. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Direc- Extending Aft. tions, Clauses, Matters and Things in this Aft contained, relating to Counties and to Regiments respectively, shall extend to all Stew-artries. Ridings, Divisions, Cities and Places, and to all Battalions,

Corps and Companies respectively, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such Provision,

Direction and Claufe of this Aft.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, Aft may be al-arnended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this present tcr«*> &c* Seffion of Parliament.

SCHEDULE (A.)

LIST of Perfons enlisted for MILITIA, between Day of	and

Day of

NAMES of MEN. j When enrolled.		When joined.	Place of Rcfidence when enlisted.
			

CAP,

9*

C*2U

SC* GEO. in.

A.D.1811.

$o G. 3. C.IX7.

22 G.3. C. 8*.

CAP. XXI.

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft, patted in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Aft to direB that Accounts of Increafe and Diminution of Public Salaries, Pen-fions and Allowances, shall be annually laid before Parliament, and to regulate and controu{ the Granting and Pay of such Salaries') Penftons and Allowances: so far as respects the Grant of Pen fions or Allowances by His Majesty, to Per-fbns who, previously to the pafling of the said Aft, had served the Crown in Foreign Courts. [6th May 181 r.]

WHEREAS an Adi was passed in the lafl Seffion of the prefect Parliament, intituled. An Act to direQ what Accounts 4 of Increafe and Diminution of Public Salaries, Perfions and Allow-4 ances, shall be annually laid before Parliament; and to regulate * and controul the granting and paying of such Salaries, Per fans and 4 Allowances: And whereas in and by the Thirteenth Section of 4 the said Adt, after reciting that au Act was passed in the Twenty 4 second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An * A8for enabling His Majesty to dsfeharge the Debt contracted upon 4 his Civil Lift Revenues, and for preventing the fame from being in * arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of 4 the said Revenues, and by fuppreffmg or regulating certain Offices 4 therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the 4 Civil Lift; and further reciting, that it was expedient that the v said Adt should be amended, so far as respects Penfions to Perfoas * who should have served the Crown in Foreign Courts, after the 1 Expiration of their Services, it was enacted. That no Pen (ion or * Allowance should be granted to any Perfon, for or on account of • having served the Crown in Foreign Courts, within less than Ten 4 Years from the Date of his first Appointment in such Service, 4 during which time he shall have served not less than Three Years,

4 and no such Allowance should exceed Two thousand Pounds per * Annum, and every such Allowance should abate, if such Perfon 4 should be appointed to any Civil Office or Employment under the 4 Crown, of equal or greater Amount, and should also be fubiedfc to 4 a proportionate Abatement if the Value of any such Office or 4 Employment should be less than the Amount of inch Allowance as 4 aforesaid: And whereas by the Fourteenth Scdtion of the said Adi, 4 hereby amended, it was provided and further enacted, That before any such Penfion or Allowance should be granted, the Perfon in 4 whose Favour the fame should be granted Pnould not be less than 4 Thirty five Years of Age ; and His Majrily’s Secretary of State 4 for Foreign Affairs should transmit to the Treasury a Certificate 4 under his Hand, that such Perfon has not within such Ten Years 4 declined serving as a Foreign Minilter, except for sufficient Cause,

4 in any Rank or Station equal or superior to that in which he had 4 last ierved, which Certificate should be recited in the Grant of 4 such Penfion or Allowance : And whereas the said Provifions of 4 the said Adi, hereby amended, do in Terms extend as well to 4 Perfons who, previously to the pafling of the faid	had ferved

4 the Crown in Foreign Courts, as to those who might serve after

4 the

A.D.i8n

9*

51* GEO. HI#	C.	21,22* 23,

*	the pa fling of the laid Aft : And whereat such Perfons who, pie* '* vioufly to the pafling of the said Aft,, had served the Crown in

*	Foreign Courts, may have engaged in such Employment upon the

*	Faith of the Ufage with respect to the Grant of Allowances by 4 His Majesty after the Expiration of tl*rir Services, which is recited 4 and confirmed in the said Aft of the Twenty second Year of His 4 present Majesty ;* Be it therefore enacted oy the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Provi-fions of the said Aft hereby amended, shall have no Application to Perfons who, previously to the pafling of the said Aft, had served the Crown in Foreign Courts ; and that nothing in the said amended Aft contained shall be construed in any wife to alter or affect the said Aft of the Twenty second Year of His present Maieily, fi> far as respects the Grant of Allowances by His Majesty to rerfons who, pre vioufly to the pafling of the said Aft, had served the Crown in Foreign Courts.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for railing the Sum of Two millions live hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland.	[14th	Afoy 1811.]

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.	[14th May 1811.]

WHEREAS the Two Houses of Parliament did, by their Re-4 VV solutions of the Tenth and Twenty fourth Days of June 4 One thousand eight hundred and fix, severally resolve. That the 4 African Slave Trade being contrary to the Principles of Juftice, 4 Humanity and found Policy, they would, with all practicable Ex* 4 pedition, take effectual Meafures for the Abolition of the fame: 4 And whereas, in conformity with the said Resolutions, and for all 4 and each of the Reafons therein stated, the said Trade was by an 4 Aft passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, de-4 clared to be unlawful: And whereas it hath been found that divers 4 Perfons, not deterred by the Provifiona and Penalties of the (aid 4 Aft, do (till continue to deal and trade in Slaves upon the Coaft of 4 Africa and eifewhere, and to carry them for Sale by Sea: And 4 whereas the Commons House of Parliament, by its Resolution of f the Fifteenth of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, did 4 exp refs its Indignation at such Praftices, and did resolve fpeedify 4 to take into Confiderstion such Meafures as might tend effectually 4 to prevent such daring Violations of the Law : And whereas it is f fit that such Meafures should be extended also to the effectual Abo-4 lition of the Slave Trade wheresoever it may be attempted to f Draftiie itBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ina Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, jtod by the Authority of the fame, That if any Subjcft or Subjeftaof

His

Provifo for Pei k>t.s who had served the Crowi. in Foreign Courts previous to this Aft.

47 O.3.Setts, c. 36.

Carrying on the Slave Trade, or

L

9*

AJD.i8i i

any way engaged therein, declared Felony.

PunUhmexic.

Serving on board Ship, or under writing Policy thereon.

c.23.	5i°geo.	m.

His Majesty, or if any Perfon or Perfons residing or being within this United Kingdom, or in any of the Istands, Coionics, Dominions, Forts, Settlements, Factories or Territories now or hereafter belonging thereto, or being in His Majesty’s Occupation or Pofleffion, or under the Government of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, shall, from and after the Firtl Day of June next; by him or themfeives, or by his or their Fa&ors or Agents, or other-wife howsoever, carry away or remove, or aid or assist in the carrying away or removing, as a Slave or Slaves, or for the Purpofe of being fold, transferred, used or dealt with as a Slave or Slaves, any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, from any Part of Africa, or from any other Country, Territory or Place whatsoever, either immediately, or by Tranfhipment at Sea or otherwise, diredUy or indirectly; or shall import or bring, or aid or afiift in the importing or bringing into any Istand, Colony, Country, Territory or Place whatsoever, any such Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid, for the Purpofe aforesaid; or shall knowingly and wilfully ship, embark, receive, detain or confine 00 board any Ship, Veflel or Boat, any such Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid, for the Purpofe of his, her or their being so carried away or removed, imported or brought as aforesaid, or of being fold, transferred, used or dealt with as a Slave or Slaves; or shall knowingly and wilfully use or employ, or permit to be used or emploved, or let or take to Freight or on Hire any Ship or Veflel to be used or employed in canying away or removing, importing or bringing, or for - the Purpofe ot carrying away or removing, importing or bringing as aforesaid, any such Perfon or Perfons, as a Slave or Slaves, or for the Purpofe of his, her or their being fold, transferred, used or dealt with as a Slave or Slaves; or shall fit out or cause to be fitted out, or shall take the Charge or Command of, or navigate, or enter and embark on boaid any such Ship or Veflel, as Maflcr or Captain, Mate, Supercargo or Surgeon, knowing that such Ship or Veflel is a&ualljr emploved, or is, in the tfame Voyage for which he or they shall so enter and embark on board, intended to be employed in carrying or removing, importing or bringing as aforesaid any such Perfon or Perfons, as or for the Purpofe of his, her or their being fold, transferred, used or dealt with as a Slave or Slaves ; then and in every such case, the Perfon or Perfons so offending, and their Counfellors, Aiders and Abettors, shall be and are hereby declared to be Felons, and shall be transported beyond Seas for a Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, or shall be confined and kept to hard Labour for a Term not exceeding Five Years, nor less than Three Years, at the Dif-cretion of the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

II. Provided always, and be it further cna&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall, from and after the First Day of Mcy next, enter or navigate, or embark on board any such Ship or Veflel used and emploved, or meant and intended to be used and employed as aforesaid, as a Petty Officer, Servant or Seaman, or Petty Officers, Servants or Seamen, knowing that such is or shall be the Purpofe or one of the Purpofes of the Voyage, or if toy Perfon or Perfons shall underwrite, or procure to be underwritten, any Policy of Aflurance upon any Ship or Veflel, or Goods, or the Freight of any Ship or Veflel employed or intended to be employed in any such Voyage, , knowing that such is or shall be the

93

$i*GEO. m.	C.23.

Purpofe or one of the PurpofeS of the fatd Voyage, he or they ne-verthelefs shall not be deemed guilty of a Felony within the meaning of this Aft, but shall be and they are hereby declared to be guilty of a Mifdemeanor only, and shall be punished by Imprifonment for a Term not exceeding Two Years.	*

III.	And it is hereby further enaftcd and declared, That such Per-fons shall not be deemed to be nor shall be punished as AccefTaries to Felony 5 any thing in this present Aft to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject any Perfon or Perfons to the Pains and Penalties hereby imposed for exporting, removing or carrying from any present or future Briti/h I (land. Colony or Settlement in the West India, to any other present or future Briti/h Istand, Colony or Settlement in the West India, or from one Part of such British Istand, Colony or Settlement in the West India, to any other Part of the fame Istand, Colony or Settlement, or for importing or tranf-porting into or landing m any such Istand, Colony or Settlement, any Slave or Slaves, which have been or shall be born within such Istands, Colonies or Settlements, or any Slave or Slaves which shall have been or may be lawfully imported or brought into the said Istands, Colonies or Settlements, or for removing or carrying any Slave or Slaves from one Part of any foreign Istand, Colony or Settlement, to another Part of the fame foreign Istand, Colony or Settlement, or for tranfhipping and afiifting at Sea any Slave or Slaves which shall be in any Ship or Veffel in Diftrefs : Provided also, that nothing in this Aft contained shall extend to prevent the Tranfport-ation to any foreign Colony or Place, of any Slave or Slaves that shall have been convicted by due course of Law in any present or future British Ifland or Colony, of any Crime to which the Punifhment of Tran f-portation is or shall be annexed by the Law of such Ifland or Colony, but in every such case a Copy of the Judgment or Sentence certified by the Court before which the Offender was convisted, shall be put on board in the Ship or Veffel in which any such Convift shall be transported.

V.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject any Perfon or Perfons to the Pains and Penalties hereby imposed for any thing done or to be done in Africa, West of the Cape of Good Hope, or in the West Indies or America to the East of Cape Horn, on or before the First Day of September next; nor for any thing done or to be done in the East Indies, the Ifland of Madagafcar, the Ports and Places of Africa to the East of the Cape of Good Hope, the Iflands of Mauritius and Bourbon, and the Iflands in the East Indian Seas, on or before the First Day of January next 5 nor for any thing done or to be done in New Holland, the Iflands in the South Seas, orthe Coaft of America to the West of Cape Horn, on or before the First Day of May, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve; nor for any thing done or to be done in the High Seas, on board of any Ship or Veffel which hath or shall have failed last from any Port in Great Britain or Ireland on or before the First Day of June next, or from any other Port or Place in Europe, on or before the First Day of July next; or from any Port or rlace in. Africa

Weft

Puniforoent.

Acceffaries,

Provifo for removing Slaves . from one Bntifti Settlement to another, &c.

And for the Tranfportatioa to foreigu Places of Slaves that have been couvidcd of Crimes.

Provifo for Things done before certain Periods

A.D.1811.

C. 23.

ji° GEO. m.

How Offences to bt tried.

*8 H. 8. c. 15. 33 H. 8. c.23.

n & 11 W.3.

c.7.

Former Afts in respect of Forfeitures.

46	G. 5.0.5*.

47	G. 3; Self. 1. c. 36.

46	G.3. c.52. §18.

47	G. 3 SefT. I. c.36. $ 14.

West of the Cape of Good Hope, or the West Indite, or America to the, East of Cape Horn, on or before the First Day of August next 5 or from any Port or Place in the East Indies, Madagafcar, the islands of Mauritius and Bourbon, the Coaft of Africa to the East of the Cafe of Good Hope, and the islands in the East Indian Seas, on or before the First Day of January next; or from any Port or Place in New Holland, the islands in the South Seas, or the Coaft of America to the West of Cafe Horn, on or before the First Day of May in the Year One thoufana eight hundred and twelve.

VI.	And be it further enacted and declared. That all Offence* hereinbefore declared to be Felonies or Mifdemeanors, which shall be committed in Africa, or in any Country, Territory or Place, other than tliis United Kingdom, or on the High Seas, or in any Port* Sea, Creek or Place, where the Admiral has Jurifdiction, shall and may be enquired of either according to the ordinary Courfe of Daw, and the Provifions of an Aft paflcd in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An AB for Pirates, or according to the Provifions of an Aft passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled. An A3 to proceed, by Commiffion of Oyer and Terminer, against such Pcrftms as shall confefs Trcafon and Felony, without remanding the fame to be tried in the Shire where the Offence was committed, to far as the fame Adi is now unrepealed 5 or according to the Provifions of an Aft passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled. An AB passed for the more ejfcBual Suptreffton of Piracy.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall be cooftrued to repeal, annul or alter the said Aft of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, or an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for preventing the Importation of Slaves by any of His Majesty’s Subjests, into any lstands, Coionics, Plantations or Territories belonging to any foreign State or Power, in respect of any Forfeitures of Ships or Veffels, Cargoes, Goods or Effcfts, thereby respectively impoied for any Offence against the said Afts, or either of them, or the Remedies thereby given for the Recovery thereof, or in respect of any pecuniary Penalties thereby imposed; but that the said Afts shall, in all other Refpests, be deemed and taken to be in full Force, except so far as the said Aft of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty is altered or extended by the said Aft of the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty.

4 VIII. And whereas it is in and by the said Afts respectively enacted, that all Ships and Veffels, Slaves or Natives of Africa, carried, conveyed or dealt with as Slaves, and all other Goods and Effefts that shall or may become forfeited for any Offence committed against the said Afts respectively, shall and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty’s Cuftoms or Excife, or by the Commanders or Officers of any of His Majesty’s Ships or Veffels of War 2 And whereas Ships and Veffels, Slaves, Goods and Effefts, liable to Seizure and Forfeiture under the said A6ts, for Offences committed on the Coaft of Africa, may be safely navigated, carried or kept upon or near to the said Coast, or in the Ports, Havens or Rivers thereof, in contempt of the said Afts, by reafou of the want of Officers of {he Cuftoms or Excifc, or of His -Majeftyis

5	4	Ships

A.D.1811.

95

51° GEO. m.	C.23.

•	Ships or Veffels of War Rationed on the said Coast, or on fuch

*	Parts thereof as may be viiited by such Offenders Be it therefore Governors and

further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may Commander* in be lawful for all Governors or Perfons having the Chief Command, *nd Per-Civil or Military, of any of the Coionics, Settlements, Forts or Fac- ^them^a**1 tories belonging to His Majesty, or to the African Company in Africa,	v>iTeU and

or any African Ifiand, and for all Perfons deputed aqd authorized other For*

by any such Governor or Commander in Chies, to seize and prosecute feiturc*.

all Ships and Veffels, Slaves or Natives of Africa, carried, conveyed

or dealt with as Slaves, and all Goods and Effects whatsoever that

shall or may become forfeited for any Offence committed again ft:

the said Ads of Parliament, or either of them, and which shall be

found upon, or near to the said Coast, or in any Port, Haven or

River thereof, or within the Limits of any of the said Colonies

Settlements, Forts or Fastories, which Governor or Commander id

Chies, and all Perfons by them so deputed and authorized, shall, i0

making and prosecuting any such Seizures, have the Benefit of all

the Provifions made by the laid Afts of Parliament, or by ah Aft of

the Fourth Year of His present Majesty therein recited, or by any 4 G.3. c.s/.

other Aft of Parliament for the Protection of Officers seizing and

profecuting for any Offence againil the said last mentioned Aft, or

any other Aft of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of

tbc Eritifb Colonies or Plantations in America.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority Perfons Cub . aforesaid. That if any Perfon or Perfons, failing or being in theCa- ing in Veffels pacity of a Petty Officer, or Petty Officer's Servant or Servants, giving Informa. Seaman or Seamen, on board of any Ship or Veffel fitted out for or comi^tt^^ot* engaged in the unlawfully carrying, removing, trading or dealing in ijaMe t0 puaifli-Slaves, shall, within Three Months after the Arrival of the said Vef- menu fel at any Port belonging to His Majesty, give Information on Oath, before any competent Magistrate, againil any Owner or Part Owner, or any Captain, Mate, Surgeon or Supercargo of such Ship or Veffel, who shall have committed any Offence again ft this Aft, and shall give Evidence on Oath against such Owner or Part Owner, Captain, Mate, Surgeon and Supercargo, before any Magiftrate or Court before whom such Offender may be tried ; or if such Perfon or Per-fona so failing as aforesaid, in the Capacity of a Petty Officer or Petty Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Servant or Servants, shall, within Three Months after his or their Arrival at any Port or Place not within His Majesty’s Dominions, give Information to any of His Majesty’s Ambaffactors, Minifters Plenipotentiary, Envoys, Charges d*Affaires, Coufuls, Refidents or other Agents, so that any Perfon or Perfons owning such Ship or Veffel, or navigating or taking charge of the fame, as Captain, Mate, Surgeon or Supercargo, may be apprehended, such Perfon or Perfons so giving such Information and Evidence, shall not be liable to any of the Pains or Penalties of this Ad, or any Fine or other Puniftimcnt under the said Afts of the Forty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty, or 46G.3. c.51. cither of them; but mall be wholly discharged therefrom, and His 47 G 3> L Maiefty’s Ambaffactors, Minifters Plenipotentiary, Envoys, Charges c* 3& d’Affaires, Confuls, Refidents or other Agents, are hereby required to receive any fach Information as aforesaid, and to tranfmat the Particulars thereof, without Delay, to One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, and to traofrait Copies of the fame to the Commanders

9^	^,23>24)	2j.	51*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1811.

manders of His Majesty’s Ships or Veflels then being in the said Port or Place,

CAP. XXIV.

An Aft to repeal so much of an Aft of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, as prevents Mafters of Ships removing their Veflels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged or their Veflels are cleared by the proper Officers inwards or outwards, so far as relates to any Ship or Veflel entered in-- wards or outwards from or to any Port in Ireland.

[14th May 1811.]

•	\T THERE AS it is expedient that the Mailer of any Ship or 4 VV Veffel arriving from Ireland at the Port of London, or going g from thence to Ireland, should not in future be liable to a Penalty

•	on account of such Ship or Veffel being removed out of the Stream 4 before the Cargo thereof 19 discharged inwards, or before any fuch

•	Ship or Veflel shall be cleared outwards by the proper Officers of 4 the Cuftom8 ;9 Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and *ith the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-sembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the

19 O.3. c.48. palling of this Aft, so much of an Aft palled in the Nineteenth Year $ 3*	of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ad to explbin so much of an A3

made in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An A8 for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation, as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom and other His Majcjly's Dominions, of Goods and Commodities of the Growth or Produflion of Africa, Alia or America, which are manufaQured in foreign Parts ; for preventing Mq/fers of Ships removing their Nejfcls *out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged or their Vrjffels are cleared hy the proper Officers inwards or outwards; and for allowing the Officers of the Cujloms and Excife to make use of Lights on board Ships in the Haven, Dock or Bafon at the Port of Kingllon upon Hull; by which the Mailer, Purfer or other Perlon taking charge of any Snip or Veflel coming or arriving from foreign Parts within.the Limits of the Port of London, or being outward bound from the said Port to foreign Parts, is subject and liable to a Penalty on account of any such Ship or Veffel being removed out of the Stream, except as in the repealed. Paid Aft is provided ; shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, so far as the said Aft relates to any Ship or Veffel entered inward or outward in the said Port of London from or to any Port in Ireland.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for ren-• dering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.	[14th May	1811.]

33 O.3. c 74. f \T J HE REAS an Aft was made in the Thirty third Year of 4 VV His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 for ren-4 dering the Payment of Creditors more equA and expeditious in that

4 Part

A.D.i8ri.

97

51*GEO. III.	C.25,26,27.

*	Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which laid Aft was to con-

*	tinue for Five Years, from the Seventeenth Day of June One thou*

*	land seven hundred and ninety three, and from thence to the End

*	of the then next Seflion of Parliament, and was further continued

*	by Five Afts of the Thirty ninth, Forty fourth. Forty lixth,

*	Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of the Reign of His prefent

*	Majefty, until the Twenty fifth Day of' July One thousand eight 4 hundred and eleven : And whereas it is expedient that the said Aft

*	Ihould be continued for a further TermMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the liing'S Mod Excellent Majeliy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a fie in bled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said Act of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain culled Scotland, shall be and continued till the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof,

until the twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

CAP. XXVI.

An Aft: for railing the Sum of Four millions nine hundred eighty one thousand three hundred Pounds by way of Annuities.	[21 ft May 1811.]

CAP. XXVII.

An Aft to explain and amend Two Afts of the Fiftieth and Fifty first Years of His pfefent Majesty, for continuing certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, and other Purpofes mentioned in the said Afts. [21ft May 18 n.]

•	TTTHEREAS by an Aft palled in the Forty ninth Year of the 43 Gc.pfc 4 VV Reign of His present Majesty,- intituled, An Ad for repealing

4 the federal Duties of Cujloms chargeable in Great Britain, and for 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ the several Duties on Sugar 4 granted by an Aft palled in the Forty third Year of His said pre- 43 O ^c.C8.

•	Tent Majeliy, intituled, An Ad to repeal the Duties of Cujloms pay-1 able in Great Britain, and to grant other Duiiej in lieu thereof and 4 other Afts, were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof 1

4 And whereas by Two several Acts palled in the Fiftieth and Fifty 50 G. 3. c.r.

•	firft Years of the Reign of His fiid present Majesty, for coil- 31 G.3. ca*

1 tinuing, amongst other things, certain Duties on Sugar, Reference

( by Miftake was only had to the said recited Aft palled in the said 1 Forty third Year of the Reign of His laid present Majesty, and in 4 order to rectify the fame, and to obviate any Doubt which may 4 arise whether the Duties granted by the said Aft so palled in the 4 said Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His laid present Majesty,

4 have been or are now payable under the said Afts of the Fiftieth 4 and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty :*

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may he eoacted; and be it eoafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afieqibltdj and by tip Authcu 51 Gao. III.	rity

A.D.i8it.

98

How Duties imposed by 49 G.3. c.^8. payable.

C. 281

5i°geo. ni.

Indemnity.

Cap 8. ante. i 57.

Allowance by

Non-commif-lionrd Officeif, he tor Diet.&c. in Quarters in Lnglaud;

rity of the fame, That the federal Doties imposed by the said recited Aft so paifed in the said Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His (aid present Majesty, and in the Schedule and Tables thereto annexed, shall be payable and paid, and applied and appropriated in such and the like Manner as if the said Ad of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, had been referred to in the said A&» of the Fiftieth and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, and the several Regulations, Authorities and Powers therein, or ra any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force in respect thereof, or in re-lation thereto, shall be deemed and taken to apply, and shall be put in force in respect of the said recited Ads so palled in the Fiftieth and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and the Penalties and Forfeitures attached thereto, in as full and ample a manner as if the fame had been re-enafted in those Ads.

II.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon or Per-fons, who at or before the palling of this Ad shall have collected or received the Duty or Duties of Cuftoms granted upon Sugar by the said recited Ad of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall be and he and they is and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from and again!! all Aftions, Suits, Informations or other Proceedings at Law on account thereof, and from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities or Difabi-lities incurred for or by reafou of the demanding, taking or receiving any such Duties.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subfiftence to be paid to

Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[2lll May 1811.]

*	TT THERE AS by an Ad patted in the present Scffion of Parlia-4 VV ment, for punishing Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the

*	better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, certain Rates are 4 eftabliffied in that Part of the UnitedKingdom of Great Britain 4 and Ireland called England, the Dominion or IVales and the Town 4 of Her wick upon Tweed, for the Payment of Innholders and others 1 on whom Non-commiffioned Officers and Private Soldiers are qiiar-4 tcredand billetted, who shall be fumiihcd with Diet and Small Beer 4 at rlieir Quarters; and an Option is given to such Innholders and

*	others, to furnifti certain Articles gratis, in lieu of Diet and Small

*	Beer, at the Rates prescribed : And whereas the Rules prescribed

‘ for furniffiing Soldiers with Neceflaries are, in may Iustances, bc-4 come, from the high Price of Provisions, inadequate, and are pro-.* duftive of Diitiefs to such Innholders and othersMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins .present Parliament afiemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame. That every Non-commiffioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be fur* nilhed with Diet and Small Beer within the aforesaid Parts of the .United Kingdom, by the Innholders or other Perfons on whom such Non-commiffioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Aft, shall pay and allow for the fame the Sum of Eight Pence per Diem ; and that for such Allow-'	.	ance

A.D.1811.

C.*8.

99

51° geo. hi.

ance of Eight Pence, the Innholder or other Perfon shall furnifft one Meal; videlicet, a hot Dinner if required in each Day, to each Non* commiffiooed Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as shall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that Behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper 5 and that the Accounts of the fame shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed in the said A& now in force touching the former Rates of Seven Pence per Diem for the Cavalry, and Five Pence per Diem for the Infantry,

II.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Innholders or other Perfonson whom any Non-commiflioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, shall, by virtue of the said Option in the said Ad, furnish such Non-com-miflioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furniftiing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates prescribed by this Ad, such Innholders or other Perfons on whom such Non-com-miffioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the {aid Articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive, in cohfideration thereof, One Halfpenny per Diem for each Non-commi(Honed Officer and Soldier, instead of furniftiing the fame gratis, as required by the said Ad; which Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is diredea touching the Rates aforesaid.

III.	And be it further enacted. That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Perfon within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, on whom any of the Horfes belonging to His Majeftyvs Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the (aid Ad, for Hay and Straw, shall be One Shilling and Two Pence per Diem for each Horse, instead of .Six Pence per Diem asdireded in the said Ad.

1 IV. And whereas the Provifions contained in the said recited Ad,

*	with respect to the Manner of dieting within the aforesaid Parts of ( the United Kingdom Non-commiflioned Officers and Soldiers on ( a March or employed in Recruiting, and like wife the Recruits by

*	them raised, have been productive of much Inconvenience, as well

*	to the Troops, as the Innholders ;* Be it further enacted. That so much of the said recited Ad as relates to the Manner of furniftiing Non-commiffioued Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in Recruiting, and likewise the Recruits- by them raised, with Diet or other Provision, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all Non-commiflioned Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Innholders or other Perions on whom they may be billetted, within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed while on the March, as also on and for the Day of their Anriv&l at the Place of their final Deftination, and on the Two fubfeouent Days, unless either of the Two subsequent Days flail be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where such Officers or Soldiers shall be billetted, or within the Diftance of Two Miles thereof\ in which case it shall be lawfuiibr the Innholder, or

H a	other

and for Articles which have beta furnished gratis . in lieu thereof;

for Hay and Straw.

Cap. 8. ante.

in part repeated.

Dieting Non-commiflioned Officers, Sic. on March.

C.a8.

51® GEO. III.	A.D.181U

Paying Money to Non-com-miflioned Officers, Arc. in lieu of Diet, to

Penalty,

Halting, entitled to Diet, to

other Perfon as aforesaid, to diicontinue on and from such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to fumiffi in lieu thereof the Articles in the said recited Ad specified; and at the Rate herein* before preferibed.

VI.	Provided always. That if any Victualler or other Perfon liable by the said recited Ad to have Soldiers billetted or quartered on him or her, shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Noncommiffioned Officer or Soldier cn the March, in lieu of furnishing in kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier is entitled under the said A6t, every such Victualler or other Perfon may be proceeded against and fined m like manner as if he or /he had refused to furnish or allow according to the Diredions of the said recited Ad, the several things respectively directed to be fur* nifhed to Non-commiffioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or bib letted on him or her as aforesaid.

VII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on the March, shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinitive time, at any intermediate Place, the Non-commiffioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Per-fons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such time only for which they would be entitled to receive the fame after arriving at the Place of their final Deftination, according to this Ad.

Ha’ting aft* Arrival on a Market Day Diet, Ac. not dilcouiinued.

Regulations rt-fpe&ing Recruit-itg I'arties and Recruit* on . March.

VIII.	Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on their March /hall be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders, that it is not intended that such Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, shall halt for any longer time than One intire Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of halting, and the Day after such Arrival shall be such Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Perfons on whom the Non-commiffioned Officers and Soldiers shall be billetted, to discontinue on such Market Day, the Supply of Diet and Small Beer to any such Officers or Soidlers; but tfiat all such Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from such Innholders and other Perfons aforesaid, upon such Market Day as aforesaid at the Rates hereinbefore preferibed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto, if such Day had not been a Market Day $ any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all Non-commiffioned Officers and Private Men employed in recruiting, and the Recruits by them raised, shall, while on the March, and for Two}Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the fame Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard to Troops upon the March 5 but no Recruit enlisted after the Two Days (ubfequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station, shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rate hereinbefore preferibed, except at the Option of the Perfon on whom he shall be quartered: Provided also nevertheless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from their Station, and after a time shall return to the fame Place, they and the Recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for such Two Days as aforesaid,

6	unlefa

■

AJ).i8it.	51*	GEO. III.	0.28,29.

«nlefs the Period between the time of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have exceeded Twenty eight Days.

X.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall have Continuance from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve ; and that all Payments which have been made, and all Aft?, Matters and Things done in pursuance of or in conformity with the Provifions thereof, shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes as if this Aft had paflld before the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

XI Provided always, and be it further enabled, That this Aft may be altered and varied by any Aft to be made in this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for continuing, until the First Day of Augujl Onfe thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Two Afts of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and West. minjicr> by Inland Navigation.	[21 ft. May 1811-]

4 TT7HEREAS by an Aft palled in the Forty fifth Year of the 4 VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ad for allowing 4 under certain ReJlriQions until the Firjl Day of Augull One thousand 4 eight hundred andfix, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm 4 or Cinders to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation, cer-4 tain Duties were imposed on all Coals, Culm or Cinders, brought 4 along the Grand Junction or Paddington Canals nearer to London 4 than the Stone or Poll thereby required to be erected and maintained 4 on or near to the Towing Path of the said Grand Junftion Canal,

4 at or near the North East Point of Grove Parh> and contiguous to 4 the Wharf then in the Pofleflion and Occupation of the Earl of 4 Clarendon : And whereas the Amount of the said Duties was altered 4 by Three Afts of the Forty iixth, Forty seventh and Forty eighth 4 Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the said first recited 4 Act was continued,until the First Day of Augujl One thousand 4 eight hundred and eleven : And whereas by Schedule (A.) an-4 nt'xed to an Aft pafied in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His 4 present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the ftveral Duties of 4 Cujfoms chargeable in Great Britaiu, and fur granting other Duties in * lieu thereof other Duties are impoled in lieu thereof upon the said 4 limited Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders, under the Condi-4 tion?, Regulations and Reftrictions of the said first recited Aft (a):

1 And whereas it is expedient that the laid Afts should be further 4 continued Beit therefore cnafted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said first recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relates to the Conditions, Regulations and Rettriftions, under which the said limited Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders, may he brought within One Year by the said Grand Junftion and Pad. (o) [49	3	c,	98.	Sch.A,	tit. Coaftwife.l

H 3	dingtom

161

Continuance.

Aft altered, Sec.

45 G.3. C'Jafc

49 G.3.C.98.

continued till Aug. i, 1813.

A.D.i8ii*

C.29,30.	510	GEO- III-

dtngton Canals nearer to London than the laid Stone or Poll; and the last recited Aft regarding the Amount of the Duties chargeable thereon, and the Appropriation thereof, shall be, and the fame are hereby further continued until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

50 G.3. c.xio, « II. And whereas an Aft was patted in the Fiftieth Year of the

*	Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS to allow until the

*	Firjl Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the 1 bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders, to London and Weftminfter/ry

*	Inland Navigation ; and it is expedient that the Aft should be fur-

continued till	* ther continued Be it therefore enacted. That the said Aft (hall

Aug. 1,1813.	be and the fame is hereby continued from the First Day of Augufi

One thousand eight hundred and eleven, until the First Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.]

46 G. 3. c. ia4-

48 G. 3. c. 64*

60 much of recited Adis as confines enlift-Ing to certain Periods repealed.

His Majesty may direct Regiments of the Line to receive Volunteers from Militia of Ireland.

CAP. XXX.

An Aft; to amend the several Afts for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland.	[25th May 1811.]

*	XT THE REAS an Aft was patted in the Forty sixth Year of His

*	VV present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An AS to enable His

*	Majejly to accept the Services of Volunteers from , the Militia of Ire-

* land, under certain RefiriSions 5 which said recited Aft was amended

*	by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty’s Reign: ‘ And whereas it is expedient that Provitton should be made for ‘ the more effectually carrying the said Afts into Execution from time

*	to time ;’ Be it therefore enacted by. the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament attembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the patting of this Aft, so much and such Parts of the said recited Afts as confines the time within which it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct Regiments of the Line, or of the Royal Marines, to receive Volunteers from the Militia Forces of Ireland, to the Period of Twelve Calendar Months after the Twenty fourth Day of July in every Year; and also so much and such Parts of the laid recited Afts, or either of them, as confines the time of enlisting under the said recited Afts to certain Periods between the Twenty fourth Day of Augufi in each Year and the Twenty fourth Day of February, in the Year following, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That at any time after the patting of this Aft, and before the First Day of February. One thousand eight hundred and twelve ; and also at any time whatever, within Twelve Calendar Months after the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or in any fubiequent Year, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signified by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, from time to time to order ana direct any such Regiments of the Line as His Majesty shall name and appoint, to receive Volunteers from the Militia Forces of Ireland for General Service, out of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Militia, named in any such Order 5 and that it shall be lawful for any Private Militia Man in the said Militia to

AJD.i8ii.

51° GEO. III.

C.30.

I03

enlift for General Service, under and subject to the Regulations in the said recited Ads contained, into any such Regiment of the Line of His Maiefty’a Regular Forces at IJis Majesty shall, by such Order as aforesaid, from time to time name and appoint to receive Volunteers from the Regiment, Battalion or Corps 01 Militia to which any such Militia Man shall at the time of such enlisting belong.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever at any time after the palling of this Ad, the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Militia of Ireland, shall have received His Majesty’s Directions with respect to such volunteering as aforesaid, such Commanding Officer shall cause his Regiment to be drawn out, and shall explain to the Private Men of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, the Form of enlisting, in such manner as by the said recited Ads or either of them is ordered and directed, it shall be lawful for the (aid Commanding Officer, and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required within One Calendar Mouth after receiving such Directions, to appoint a Period of Three successive Days, during which such Enliftment shall take place; and in case the whole Number of Men allowed'to enliit from such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in any one Year, in pursuance of the Proviiions of the said recited Ads, shall not voluntarily declare their Intention of enlisting within such Space of Three Days, then it shall be lawful for such Com* manding Officer, and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required, within One Calendar Month after the last of such Three Days, to appoint a further Period of Three Days for such enlisting, and so iu like manner within One Calendar Month after the last Day of every such Period of Three Days, to appoint from time to time further Periods of Three Days each, if necefiary, during which such Enliftment shall take place under the said recited Ads, until the whole Number allowed to enlist shall have declared their Intention of enlisting ; and during any such Periods, it shall be lawful for any Private Man to enlist from such Regiment, and it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer, and he is hereby required to discharge all Men so enlisted accordingly, in manner and under the Regulations of the said recited A As and this Ad contained : Provided always, that Ten Days Notice shall from time to time be given by the Commanding Officer, to the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the several Days or Periods so to be appointed for enlisting, previous to each such Periods, and that there shall be an Interval of Fourteen Days at least between each such Period of Three Days.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Ad contained shall authorize any Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Militia to discharge or cause to be discharged, under the Provifions of the said recited Ads and this Ad, any greater Number of Private Militia Men of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps under his Command, than in the Proportion of Fifteen Men for every Company in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, before the said First ‘Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve; nor at any time after the said First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, to discharge any greater Number than in the Proportion of Fifteen Men for every Company in any One Year, reckoning from the said First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

H 4.	V.	Pro-

Commanding Officers (ha’l appoint Periods of Enliftment, till Number required, enlist ed.

Proportion allowed to enlift

A.D.I&II-

104

IC Number allowed do not eiuiit, enUlting in lucceedhig Year allowed.

When I^ord 1/ieutonan' (halt issue Orders to enrol Volunteers for Augmented Militia, he shall dir'& Treafuxy to advance Money for Payment of Bounties*

49 G.3. c. 120.

44 0.3. c. 33*

€.30,31.	5.1*	GEO. III.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that the full Number allowed to enlist from any Regiment, Battalion or Corps in any one Year, shall not have entitled, or shall not enlist into the Regular Forces under the laid recited Adis and this Adi, it shall be lawful for His MajeUy at any time before the said First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and so at any time within Twelve Calendar Months after the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, in any Year, by any Order signified as aforesaid, to allow of the enliftmg out of inch Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Militia, into the Regular Foroes, of such greater Number of Private Militia Men in addition to such Proportion as aforesaid, as shall, together with the Number who'(hall have already enhfted in the Year immediately preceding, under the Provifions of the said recited Adts and this Aft, be equal to the whole Number allowed to er.liil in apy such Year, according to the said Proportion of Fifteen Men for every Company in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

VI.	And, for the supplying of Vacancies and Deficiencies ip the several Regiments of Militia, the Eftablifhments of which have been, or may be augmented under or by virtue of any Adi or Afts in force in Ireland, be it enacted, That whenever the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, shall issue bis Orders under any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland\ to all or any of the several Colonels or Commanding Officers of the respective Regi* ^»ents or Battalions of Militia in Ireland, which have been or shall be augmented as aforesaid, to enrol Volunteers for. the completing or ftipplying of any Vacancies in any such Augmented Regiment or Battalion, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to issue his Order or Orders to the Lords Commiflioners of the Treasury of Ire-lafid> requiring them to advance from time to time any such Sum or Sums of Money as may be directed by such Order or Orders, and to pay to the several -Colonels or Commanding Officers for every Private Man who may be from time to time enrolied, any Sum of Money not exceeding such Sum as shall be at such time fixed and declared as the Average Price of a Snbftitute in the Militia, in manner required by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An At7 fur amending and reducing into one fid of Parliament, the ftveral Paws for raifng and training the Militia of Ireland; and it shall thereupon fie lawful for such Colonels or Commanding Officers to give such Bounty accordingly to Volunteers enrolling themselves in fiiph augmented Regiments or Battalions; any thing in an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Aff for empowering Bis MajeJly to dircQ the Augmentation of his Militia Forces in Ireland to an Extent therein limited, or in any other Afl or Adis to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An Aft to continue, during the present War and until the Expiration of Six Calendar Mouths after the Ratification of 2, Definitive Treaty of Peace, and amend an Act made in thq

forty

AJMCn.

j i* GEO. III.

C.31,32.

IdJ

Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an

additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain.

[25th May 1811.3

4 TTTHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Experience ‘ VV been found useful and beneficial; and it is expedient that the 4 fame should be continued and amended Be it therefore cnafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That an A 61: made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His 48 0.3. e.67*

present Majesty, intituled, An AS for granting an additional Duty	*****

on Cotter imported into Great Britain, until the Fifth Day of April

One tboufond eight hundred and eleven, and from thence to the End of

the then next Sejfion of Parliament, shall be and the fame is hereby

further continued during the Continuance of the present War, and

until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratification

of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and Drawback «f after the Tirft Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, °ne the Drawbacks allowed by the said Ad on the Exportation of any Dut* onl^ such Copper on which the said Duty shall have been paid, do cease and determine, and that in lieu thereof there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of One Half of the Duties which shall have been paid under the said recited A& or this

[The above Duty, with all other Cujlom Duties, appears to be repealed by 49 G. 3. c. 08. § 1. but appears to be regrauted by § 2. and fi$

Schedule (A) Inwards, tit. Copper.]

CAP. XXXII.

An A & for the better securing Excifeable Goods on board Veffels in the Port of BriftoL	[25th	May	1811.]

*	TX7HEREAS the Provisions hereinafter mentioned will greatly 4 VV tend both to the Security of the Merchant’s Property, and

*	to that of l)is Majesty’s Revenues, on Goods, Wares and Merchant

*	dize imported into the Port of BriflolBe it therefore cnaAed 4 by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the L°rds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, upon the Arrival of any Ship or Veffel importing or having> in or on board the fame, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, for or in refpc& whereof any Duty or Duties of Excife is, are, or shall be imposed by any A& or Aof Parliament now in force or hereafter to be made, at the Entrance of either of the Two Bufius called Cumberland ljajin or BathurJVs Baftn respectively, of and be-longing to the Floating Harbour at Brifol, the Matter or Commander of such Ship or Veffel shall on such Arrival of such Ship or Veffel, and before his Entrance into either of the said Bafins, have in Kcadinefs, and fix, place and apply, in such manner as the proper Officer or Officers of Excife shall $lire6t or require, such fit, proper and coavenient Bars, Dolts, Hafps, Staples ar.d all other Fattening* other than Lpcks, whjph shall be i)?€effary or useful for the locking

down*

Maftptf ofVefi, fels before entering Cumberland or Bathurit Banns having Excitable Goode on board, shall provide Bars, Sec. to lock down Hatches, and aflilt Officers in locking them. Sec.

IC N writer allowed do not eniiit, emitting in L cceedm^ Year allowed.

£.30,31.

51* GEC m

When I.ord

l.ievf nan* (halt issue 0» d?» s to enrol Volunteers for Augmented Militia, he ft all dir»£i Trealury to advance Money for Payment of Bounties

49 G.3. 6 120.

44 G. 3. c 3>.

V.	Provided always, and be it fu happen that the full Number alio' Battalion or Corps in any one Yt not enlist into the Regular Fore this A£, it shall be lawful for H said First Day of February One and so at any time within Tweh Day of February One thousand Year, by any Order (ignified ?s out of such Regiment, Battalioi the Regular Foroes, of such grin addition to such Proportion ;iv Number who’(hall have already ceding, under the Provificns <

be equal to the whole Numb according to the laid Proport: in such Regiment, Battalion o

VI.	And, for the fupply-fsveral Regiments of Militia, or may be augmented ur.deforce in Ireland, be it enact or other Chief Governor Orders under any A61 or 7 the several Colonels or C« snents or Battalions of ^

be augmented as aforciai supplying of any Vacrv Battalion, it shall be la*

Governor or Governor Order or Orders to th land, requiring them t Sums of Money as r.\ to pay to the several Private Man who r Money not exec declared as the Av ner required by an Majesty’s Reign, > of Porlunm Milit ia of Irelai lonels or Cor Volunteers en Battalions; ary t His present M M'zjeJly to diri.

#n Extent ther. notwithflandm

__7	A-D.18JI.

—	rrms, Scuttles ggr=d with the

r-ir iich Goods, . r 7 riel, shall be

-	. n- thall also on . zrr ir VefTel into

tit zad with a fuf-2 ir on board - xrr r Ercre in the — 21 crer Filenings zz r	3llI think

• -~Trr&i V £:ch Of-

Tariff md sreurtj _ zr -ruroaches ret pec -—; >z2e tolL and he 2nd r jet rien Bars* Echs -—- 3 o .oci* tniin aad nr -nriTacnes ; and ttve -—- . x^itu faihened zid 1 - trr? is the Cirr: or .rarrrr::rr in a riasr edy

----- ri n n ‘be Evennr,

: nr . rt _7rr it )doocr, nd rnnr —cr 7'" or ’n the Arer* i ire Tint Dar it )!:? roLdny :ucn harp or or ' 0 tx. mace cr -t Officers it Erde Inni, trcier jt juer : cr nan LoM2w= »r hJ rr r Officers it EirA Annies *rr JLner t-eCS or Loci.-

. jch C Ic^r

• oi

or r?y

~nj&,

■ rr sell





as. * irss X ir .7/ .i *nrer I - a:-' .ir or sJ. be-

trTT-Ur-

* . arci A 1 AT* i.*j rr Zi-in >n,p

ires or -re, fhali * :or% Bolts,

- .	.	which

shall

An Aft to ct

piration of Definitive

ji°GEO. HI.	C.32.	toj

fhaQ be uecefiary or useful for the locking down, fattening or fecuring

of all and every the Hatches, Scuttelsand other Approaches (if any)

leading to or connected with the Hold or other Part of such Ship or

Veffel, where any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be ftored

or deposited; and such Matter or Commander shall also forthwith,

to the utmost of his Power, and with a sufficient Number of the Crew

of, or Perfons employed in or on board such Ship or Veffel, assist fuch

Officer or Officers in the locking of such Bars, Bolts, Hafps, Staples

and other Faftenings respectively, with One or more Lock or Locks

to be provided by such Officer or Officers, and in such manner as

such Officer or Officers shall think fit, for the bett and most effedual

fattening and securing all and every such Hatches, Scuttelsand other

Approaches respectively; and such Officer or Officers of Excife shall,

and he and they is and are hereby required immediately to lock fuch

Bolts, Bars and Fattenings, in such manner as to lock, fatten and

fecure all such Hatches, Scuttels and other Approaches respectively $

and the fame respectively shall remain and continue so locked, fattened Hours oMorirng

and secured at all times whiltt the said Ship or Veffel shall be or *** unloading.

remain within the said Port, faveand except at such time as the Cargo

of such Ship or Veffel shall be lading or taking on board, or unloading

or discharging respectively, and that only between the Hours of Six

in the Morning and Six in the Evening, from the Thirtieth Day of

April till the First Day of 08obert and between the Hours of Seven

in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon from the Thirtieth Day

of September to the First Dav of May in every Year: And if the

Matter or Commander of any iuch Ship or Veffel shall refuse or neg-

led to have in readiness, or to fix, place or apply, in such manner as

such Officer or Officers shall direct or require, such Bars, Bolts,

Hafps, Staples or other Faftenings, or any or either of them (other than Locks), or shall neglect or refuse so to assist any such Officer or Officers in the locking of such Bars, Bolts, Hafps, Staples or other Faftenings, or any or either of them, with any Lock or Locks pro* vided by such Officer or Officers, or in such manner as such Officer or Officers shall think fit, for the bett and mod effectual fattening or securing such Hatches, Scuttles or other Approaches, or any or either pf them, the Matter or Commander so offending, or the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Veffel, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Penalty, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

III.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons shall Obftruding obstruct or binder arty Officer or Officers of Excife, or any Perfon or Officer*, Sec. Perfons by him or them employed in the locking of any such Bars,

Bolts, Hafps, Staples or other Fattenings respectively, or any or either of them, for the fattening or securing any such Hatches, Scuttels or other Approaches, or any or either of them as aforesaid ; or if any Perfon or Perfons shall wilfully destroy, damage or injure any such Lock, Bar, Bolt, Hafp, Staple or other Fattening, or shall by any Ad, Device or Contrivance, open, take off or remove any such Lock,

Bar, Bolt, Hafp, Staple or other Fattening, or shall open or make any Entrance or Accefs to the Hold, or any other Part or Place where any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be flowed or deposited Jn or on board any such Ship or Veffel; then and in every such pase the Perfon or Perfons so offending shall severally, for each and Penalty, pyery such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

CAP.

tot

ad.i8ii.

c.33.	5i*geo.	in.

CAP. XXXIII.

;.3. r. 72.

S3*

14.



5G.3. c. 7*.

§x*

An Act for repealing so much of Two Afts of the Fourteenth and Twenty fifth Years of His present Majesty as relates to weaving Blue Stripes in British Calicoes.

[23th May 1 Six.]

*	TT T HE REAS by an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the

*	VV Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, inti-4 tuled, An Ad for ascertaining the Duty on printed, painted, Jlained 9 or dyed Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great

*	Britain, and for allowing the Ufe and Wear thereof under certain 9 Regulations; it was enacted, that in each Piece of the laid new ' manufactured Stuffs in the said Att mentioned, wholly made of

*	Cotton Wool spun in Great Britain, there should be wove in the

*	Warp in both Selvages through the whole Length thereof. Three

*	Blue Stripes, each Stripe ot one Thread only, in manner in the

*	faid Aft particularly mentioned : And whereas it is also by the said 4 recited Aft, among other things, enacted, that if any Perfon or

*	Perfons, Body or Bodies Corporate, should expose or cause to be

*	expofed to Sale, or have in his, her or their Cuftody or Poficflion in

*	Great Britain, any Stuffs wholly made of Cotton, and printed, 4 painted, flamed or dyed (Muffins, Fuftians and Neckcloths cx-

*	cepted), wherein shall not be woven in the Warp in both Selvages,

*	only through the whole Length of each Piece, Three Blue Stripes

*	(unlefs for Exportation), then such Perfon or Perfons, Body or

*	Bodies Corporate so offending should not only forfeit all and every

*	fuch last mentioned Stuffs so exposed or caused to be exposed to

*	Sale, or which should be in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofsession,

*	but should also forfeit for every Piece thereof the Sum of Fifty 9 Pounds : And whereas by the said Aft it is also enacted, that if 4 any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Corporate, should import 4 or bring into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven or

*	Creek thereof any Calicoes or Muffins, or any other Goods or Stuffs

*	whatsoever made of Linen Yarn only, or of Linen Yarn and Cotton

*	Wool mixed, or made wholly of Cotton Wool, wherein should 9 be wove in the Warp, in either or both Selvages only, through the

*	Whole or any Part of the Length of each Piece, One or more Blue '• Stripe or Stripes of One or more Thread or Threads, such Perfon 4 or Perfons, Body or Bodies Corporate, fhou'd not only forfeit and

*	lofe all and every such Calicoes, Muffin*., Goods or Stuffs which 9 should be so imported or brought, but should also forfeit the Sum

*	of Ten Pounds for each Piece thereof: And whereas by another

*	Aft, made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign cf His prefent

* Majesty, intituled, An A3 for repealing the Duties on Linens, to he € printed, painted, Jlained or dyed in Great Britain, imposed hy an Ad 9 made in the lafl Stffton of Parliament, and for granting other Duties 9 in lieu thereof; and on Cotton Stuffs, Muffins, Fujhans, Velvets and 9 Velverets wove in Great Britain, to he printed, Jlained, painted or 9 dyed, and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton, Ctxffs, Muffins9 9 Fujhans, Velvets and Velverets, painted, Jlained, printed or dyed in

*	foreign Parts; it was enacted, that all Stuffs wholly made of Cotton

*	Wool, commonly called or known by the Name of Calicoes, that 4 had not Three Blue Threads in each Selvage| as directed by the

*	4	faid

109

51* GEO. III.	0.33,34.

*	faid Ad made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign aforefeid, (hould

*	be deemed to be Foreign Calicoes, and on their being printed,

4 framed* painted or dyed in Great Britain, should be (lamped, marked 4 or sealed at both Ends of each Piece or Remnant with a Stamp,

4 Mark or Seal, containing the following Words, videlicet,4t Foreign 4 Calicoes for Exportation and every Draper, Trader, or Dealer 4 for Sale, having in his, her or their Cufrody or Poffelfion fuch

*	Foreign Calicoes, printed, stained, painted or dyed, (except dyed 4 throughout of one Colour only) and not being (tamped or lealed at 4 both Ends, as directed by the said Aft of the Twenty fifth Year of

*	His present Majesty, (except as therein excepted) or having in his,

*	her or their Cuftody or PofTeflion any Piece of Stuffs wholly made ' of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called Briii/b 4 Manufactory, (Muflins, Neckcloths and Fuftians excepted) not 4 having the Three Blue Threads in the Selvages, as required by the.

*	faid Aft of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

4 should not only forfeit and lose the said Goods or the Value 4 thereof, but should likewise forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hun-4 dred Pounds for every Piece of such Goods found in his Cuftody 4 or Poffelfion as afore said: And whereas it is impoilible to fix the ( Colour of any such Blue Stripes or Threads so permanently that by 4 the Procefs of bleaching now m ,ufe such Colour will not be in Dan-4 ger of being discharged, and from the present improved State of 4 Manufacture in this Kingdom there is no longer any Danger of 4 Foreign Calicoes being imported and imposed on the Officers of 4 Excite as or for such new manufactured Stuffs, so as to escape the 4 Charge of the High Duty of Excite by Law imposed for or in 4 respect of Foreign Calicoes, printed, stained, painted or dyed in 4 Great Britain, and it is therefore expedient to repeal the said re-4 cited Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said recited Provilions, Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be and the lame respectively are hereby repealed.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Aft far continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Filhery. [25 th May 1811.] 4 \\THEREAS it is proper to encourage the Filhery carried on 4 W by His ,Maj"fty^s European Subjeft* in the Seas to the 4 Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, for the 4 Purpofo of taking Whales and other Creatures being in those Seas, 4 by continuing certain Premiums granted in an Aft passed in the 4 Thirty eighth Year of His pretent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, 4 An AB for further encouraging the Southern IVbale Fi/beries	Be

it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and ~ with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, sad Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the teveral Premiums hereinafter mentioned, shall be paid and allowed to Sixteen Ships or Veffels employed in the (aid Filhery, under the Limitations, Reftriftions and Regulations contained in the said Aft, and also in an Aft pafifcd in th$

Thirty

repealed.

38 O. 3. c 57-

Premluim to certain Ships employed va, FUherjt

BIO

A.D.i8it.

35 a 3. c. 9*.

Premiami and

Conditions for Eight Ships.

Premiums and Conditions for Four ocher Ship:.

Premiums and

Conditions for Ten other Ships.

c.34:

s i° geo, in.

Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and mentioned in the said A61, and under the Limitations, Reftridions and Regulations, exprefifed in this present Ad.

II.	And be it further enacted, That for Eight of such Ships or VefTels which shall be so fitted and cleared out between the First Day of January and the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and between the First Day of January and the Thirty first Day of December in each of the two succeeding Years, and shall fail to the Southward of the Equator, and there carry on the Filhery, and shall return before the First Day of December in the Year subsequent to that in which they cleared out, to some Port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed Three hundred Pounds to each of the Eight such Ships which shall so fail and first arrive, within the times hereinbefore mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than Twenty Tons, in each of such Ships or VefTels, and being the Produce of One or more Whale or Whales or other Creatures being in those Seas, taken and killed by the Crews of every such Ship or Veffel refpedivcly.

III.	And be it further enacted, That for Four other such Ships or Veflels which shall be so fitted or cleared out, and shall fail within the time hereinbefore mentioned, and proceed to the Southward of Thirty fix Degrees of South Latitude, and shall there bona Jide carry on the said Filhery, a1 id shall not return until after the Expiration of Fourteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before, the Thirty first Day of December in the Second Year after their clearing out, to some Port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed Four hundred Pounds to each of such Ships or VefTels which shall so fail and arrive within the time hereinbefore last mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not fess in the Whole than Twenty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales or other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Veffel.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That for Ten other Ships or VefTels which shall be so fitted aud cleared out between the First Day of January and the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred aud twelve and between the First Day of January aud the .Thirty first Day of December in each of the Two fucceediug Years, and shall double Cape Horny or pass through the Strcights of Magellan into the South Seas, and carry on the said Filhery during the Space of Four Months to the Weftward of Cape Horn in those Seas, or shall double The Cape of Good Hopey and carry on the said Filhery during the Space of Four Months to the Eaftward of One hundred and five Degrees of East Longitude from London, and shall not return to some Port of Great Britain till after the Expiration of Sixteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the Thirty first Day of December in the Second Year after their clearing out, there shall be paid and allowed Six Hundred Pounds to any One of such Ships or VefTels which shall so fail and arrive within the timet herein last mentioned with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than Thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales or other Creatures being iu those Seas, and taken and killed by the tyew of such Ship

or

510 GEO. III.

C.34*

ill

or Veffel in the said Voyage, either Outward or Homeward; and there fliaU be paid and allowed Five hundred Pounds to each of Nine of such Ships and Veflels lad before mentioned, which shall so fail and arrive within the times herein last before mentioned, with the next greate(I Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than Thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales or other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Veffel in the said Voyage, either Outward or Homeward.

• V. And whereas it is expedient to encourage the {aid Fisheries 4 by extending the Limits prescribed for the fame in an A& paffed

*	in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

♦	An AS for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ship* employed in 4 and for enlarging the Limitt of the Southern Whale FifheryBe it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Veffel fitting and clearing out, and licensed conformably to the said Ad passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty’* Reign, and failing to the East ward of The Cape of Good Hope for the Purpofe aforefaio, and having passed beyond One hundred and fifteen Degrees of East Longitude from London, to fail or pass to the Northward as far as Ten Degrees of Northern Latitude, but no further to the Northward until such Ship or Veffel shall have failed or passed to the Eaftward of One hundred and eighty Degrees of East Longitude from London ; any thing in the said Ad passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty *8 Reign to the contrary notwith-fianding.

VJ. And be it further enacted, That any Apprentice belonging to any Ship or Veffel fitted out on the said Fifhery, who shall not have completed Two Voyages, and whose Age shall not exceed Twenty one Years, shall not be impressed from the said Service; and Special Prote&ions shall be issued by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to protect such Apprentices from being impressed into His Majesty’s Service.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all Ships which shall clear out for the Southern Whale Fifhery, and shall return to any Port in Ireland with a Cargo of Oil, the Produce of the said Fifhery, within the Period limited by this A&, shall be entitled to all the Benefits and Advantages arising from Bounties, Remifiion of Duties, or other-wife, granted by the (aid recited A&s of the Thirty fifth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty, in the like manner and to the fame Extent as if such Ships had returned to any Port in Great Britain.

‘ VIII. And whereas it may have happened that in fomc Ih(lances 1 the Provifions in an A& of the Thirty fifth Year of His prefent

*	Majefty, intituled, An AS for further encouraging and regulating the

*	Southern IVhale Fijheries, requiring that such of the Foreigners as 4 have formed or may form a Part of the Crews of Ships employed ‘ in the Southern Whale Fifhery may not have taken the Oath of 4 Allegiance, and made the Declaration thereby required j’ Be it therefore enacted, That no Ship or Veffel that has already failed on the said Fifhery, the Mailer of which has taken the Oath or made the Declaration required by the said A 61, shall lose the Benefit of such Voyage by reaton that all or any of the other Perfons employed in navigating the said Ship or Veffel shall not have taken the laid Oath or made the said Declaration.

CAP.

410.3.C1S. 14.

Limits of Fifh-eries extended

Certain Apprentices preceded.

Benefits extended to Ships returning to Ports in Ireland.

Provifo for Vef-fels, the Matters of which shall have taken the Oath, &c. requited by 35 G. 3. c. 94.

ni

ji* GEO. dL

A.D.iSir,

d'35‘

CAP. XXXV.

Art A£l to secure t6 the Bank of Ireland th£ Repayment of alf Monies advanced by them for the Purpofes and in th‘£ Manner therein mentioned.	[2$th	May	1811.J

WHEREAS tdLis Grace the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, at the Recommendation of His Majefty's Privy Council for 4 Ireland, did, in the Month of July One thousand eight hundred 4 and ten, nominate John Patrick, Alexander Jaffray, Randall Mac 4 Donnell, Francis Beggs, Richard Litton, John Lindfay, John 4 Carleton, Richard Darling, John Orr, Joseph Hone and William 4 Alexander Shaw, Eiquires, to receive Applications from and look • into the Securities of such Perfons in Trade, possessed of Funds 4 ultimately more than sufficient to answer all Demands on them, who 4 had not the means of converting such Funds into Money or nego-* ciable Securities in# sufficient time to answer their Engagements, 4 and were thereby incapacitated to carry on their Trade 5 and the 4 Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland agreed to advance * to the said Perfons, so nominated, such Sums, not exceeding in 4 the Whole the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, as might 4 enable them to give Relief to such Perfons in Trade as aforesaid, 4 and accordingly advanced to them several Sums ; and the said Per-4 Tons so nominated, or the Majority of them, did* out of the said 4 Sum of Two hundred thousand rounds, lend various Sums to 4 various Perfons circumstanced as above deferibed, who secured the 4 Repayment thereof by Bonds or Obligations with Sureties, payable 4 to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland by certain 4 Inftalments, with Intereft at the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum 4 per Annum, with Warrants of Attorney to confefs Judgment 4 thereon, or by Bills of Exchange or PromifTory Notes drawn on 4 that Occafion, and for that Purpose, whereof the Perfons to whom 4 the fajd Sums were so lent were Drawers, Acceptors or Iudorfers ♦ refpeCtively ; and some of the said Perfons deposited Goods, Wares 4 and Merchandizes with the said Perfons so nominated, which by In-4 ftruments in Writing executed by the Perfons to whom such Monies 4 were lent, are to be sold for Payment and Satisfaction of the Monies 4 lent, with the Intereft thereof as aforesaid, in case Default shall be 4 made in the Payment thereof at the times therein mentioned, and 4 for all Cods and Charges attending such Sale ; and other special 4 Contracts and Agreements in Writing have been made, in respect * of some Parts of such Goods, by the Parties who dopofited the fame 4 with the said Perfons so nominated, or with their Secretary ; And 4 whereas the1 Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain anJ 4 Ireland\ in Parliament afTembled, having taken the said Proceed-4 ings into Confide rat ion, have resolved, that whatever Sum or Sums 4 have been or may be advanced by the Bank of Ireland to the Per-4 fons hereinafter named, not exceeding Two hundred thousand 4 Pounds, shall be made good by that House, together with Interect,

4 from the Date at which such Sums have been or may be advanced 4 respectively May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the. Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern* poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by

the

A.fi.iSii,	51* GEO. III.	C.35.	113

the Authority of the fame, That the said John Patrick, Alexander ConaHBoacn.

Jaffray, Randall Mac Donne!, Francis Beggs, Richard Litton, John

Lindfay, John Car let on, Richard Darling, John Orr, Joseph Hone and

WilHam Alexander Shaw, Esquires, shall be, and they anf hereby

conflicted Commiflloners for the Purpofe of carrying the Proviflona

of this Aft into Execution and Effest; and the said CommiiOonert

are hereby respectively required to exectite the Powers and Authorities

given to them by this Aft without any Fee, Reward, Emolument or

Gratuity whatever.	•

II.	And be it further enacted, Thht all Afts done by the said Per- AftiofCoa* fons so nominated as aforesaid, and hereby appointed to be Commlf- nifjjoaen baton fioners as aforesaid, or by the Majority of them, in Execution of the P1®0* Aft valid, Trufts reposed in them by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in manner

and for tne Purpofes hereinbefore mentioned, at any time before the palling of this Act; and all Bonds or Obligations, Contracts, Agreements, Warrants of Attorney, Bills of Exchange, Prorriifibry Notes or other Securities, taken by the said Perfons for fudh Sums as have been advanced by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, under the Orders of the said Perfons, for the Purpofes and in manner aforesaid, or for the Purpofe of securing, declaring or confirming any Contraft or Agreement made with the said Perfons, ihall be, and the fame arc hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever $ and that the Appointment of any Secretary, Solicitor, Clerks, Brokers, MeflVngera or Officers, heretofore made by the said Perfons, and all Afts and Matters done by such Secretary, Solicitor, Clerks, Brokers, Mef-fertgers or Officers in the Service of the said Perfons, in the necefTary Execution of the Purpofes aforesaid, shall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofei whatsoever.

III.	And be it further enacted, That any Two of the said Com- Commissioners miffioners in this Aft named, shall forthwith after the pafling of thid t0 be (worn. Aft, and in pursuance or performance of the fame, take an Oath

before the Chancellor, or One of the Barons of the Exchequer of Ireland*.which they or any of them are and is hereby authorized and required to adminiiter, the Tenor whereof shall be as follows; that is to fay,

1 lA. B. do swear. That, according to the heft of my Judgment,’Oath.

1 1 I will faithfully and impartially execute the fiveral Powers and ‘ Trufls veiled in me by an Aft of the Fifty first Year of His prefent

*	Majefty's Reign, intituled, [here fet forth the Title of this AS\ ac*

*	cording to the Tenor and Purport of the said Aft.'

And every other of the said Commiflloners in this Aft named shall likewise take the fame Oath before the said Two Commiffioners* who are hereby authorized and required to administer the fame, after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

IV.	And be it further enafted* That the said Commiflloners ap- Commiffionert pointed by this Aft shall have Power to meet and fit from time to may appoint time, in such Place and Places as they shall find moil convenient, with Officers.

or without Adjournment, to proceed in the Execution of this Aft; and they, or the Majority of them, shall and may appoint and employ I Secretary and a Solicitor, and so many Clerks, Brokers, Meflen-Gao. Ill,	I	gen

1

104

A.D.iSi *.

1C Number allowed do not eiiiiit, entitling in lucceedin^ Year allowtd.

When Lord

I.ienti'nan* ftiati ifftie Orders to enrol Vo unteer* for Augmented Militia, he shall dirrtl Treafuxy to advance Monty for Payment of Bounties.

49G.3.C.HO.

44G-3.c.3>.

C-3«j3t*	5i*GE0.	III.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it fall happen that the full Number allowed to enlist from any Regiment, Battalion or Corps in airy one Year, fall not have er,listed, or shall not enlist into the Regular Forces under the said recited A&s and this A61, it fall be lawful for H:s Majesty at any time before the said First Day of February One ihoufand eight hundred and twelve, and so at any time within Twelve Calendar Months after the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, in any Year, by any Order signified as aforesaid, to allow of the entitling out of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Militia, into the Regular Foroes, of such greater Number of Private Militia Men in addition to such Proportion as aforesaid, as fall, together with the Number who* fall have already entitled in the Year immediately prr* ceding, under the Provilions of the said recited Adts and this A61, be equal to the whole Number allowed to er.litt in apy such Year, according to the said Proportion of Fifteen Men for every Company iii such Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

VI.	And, for the supplying of Vacancies and Deficiencies ip the

several Regiments of Militia, the Eftabliffiments of which have been, or may be augmented under or by virtue of any A61 or A6U in force in Ireland, be it cna6led, That whenever the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, fall issue bis Orders under any A6t or A6ts in force in Ireland, to all or any of the several Colonels or Commanding Officers of the respective Regi* 9>ents or Battalions of Militia in Ireland, which have been or fall be augmented as aforesaid, to enrol Volunteers for. the completing or supplying of any Vacancies in any such Augmented Regiment or Battalion, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to issue his Order or Orders to the Lords Commiffioncrs of the Treasury of Ireland, requiring them to advance from time to time any such Sum or Sums of	as	may	be directed by such Order or Orders, and

to pay to the several -Colonels or Commanding Officers for every Private Man who may be from time to time enrolied, any Sum of Money not exceeding such Sum as fall be at such time fixed and declared as the Average Price of a Snbftitute in the Militia, in manner required by an Act made in the Foity ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for amending and reducing into one Ad of Parliament, the several Paws for raifng and training the Militia of Ireland ; and it shall thereupon be lawful for such Cor lonek or Commanding Officers to give such Bounty accordingly to Volunteers enrolling themselves in such augmented Regijnents or Battalions; any thing in an A61 made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for empowering His Majesty to direct the Augmentation of his Militia Forces in Ireland to an Extent therein limited, or in any other A£l or Afts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An A6t to continue, during the present War and until the Expiration of Six Calendar Montlu alter the Ratification of ^ Definitive Tieaty of Peace, and amend an A61 made in th$

forty

A-D.ftfu.

51° GEO. III.	C.31,3a.	idj

Forty eighth Year of His preterit Majesty, for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain.

[25th May 1811.3

4 YT7HE REAS the Law hereinafter mentioned ha« by Experience 4 VV been found useful and beneficial ; and it is expedient that the • fame /hould be continued and amended;’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That an Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His 48 0.3. c.67^ present Majesty, intituled, An AS for granting an additional Duty	col>*

on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Fifth Day of April UnuC<*#

One thousand eight hundred and eleyen% and from thence to the End of the then next SeJJiott of Parliament, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued during the Continuance of the present War, and until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and Drawback after the bird Day oi July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, °ne the Drawbacks allowed by the said Adi on the Exportation of any Dut* ^ such Copper on which the Lid Duty shall have been paid, do cease and determine, and that in lieu thereof there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of One Half of the Duties which (hail have heen paid under the said recited Ad or this Ad.

[The above Duty, with all other Cujlom Duties, appears to be repealed by 49 G. 3. c. 08. § 1. but appears to be regranted by § 2. and fee Schedule (A) Inwards, tit. Copper.]

CAP. XXXII.

An Ad for the better securing Excifeable Goods on board VefTels in the Port of BriJloU	[25th May 1811.3

4 YT THE REAS the Provifions hereinafter mentioned will greatly 4 W tend both to the Security of the Merchant’s Property, and f to that of His Majefty*s Revenues, on Goods, Wares and Mercban*

1 dize imported into the Port of Bri/lol;9 Be it therefore enacted 1 by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice aud Confent of the Lor(ls Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre/ent Parliament aisembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hun- Msftftt ofVeft dred and eleven, upon the Arrival of any Ship or Veflel importing before en-or having in or on board the fame, any Goods, Wares or Merchan- |er dize, for or in respect whereof any Duty or Duties of Excife is, are, Bsfiiwhaving or shall be imposed by any Ad or Ads of Pariiament now in force or EwitaMe hereafter to be made, at the Entrance of either of the Two Bafius Goode on boird, called Cumberland pa fin or BathurJVs Bajin respectively, of and be* provide longing to the Floating Harbour at Brijloly the Mafter or Com-	t0

mander of such Ship or Veflel shall on such Arrival of such Ship or HatcheT^tnd Veflel, and before his Entrance into either of the said Bafius, have in affirt Officers in Readinefs, and fix, place and apply* in such manner a9 the proper locking them. Officer or Officers of Excife (hail {lired or require, such fit, proper and convenient Bars, Bolts, Hafpe, Staples and all other Fafteningt other than Lpcks, whjpb shall be i^cerfary qr useful for the locking

fiowp*

A.D.i8i i

106

C.32.

510 GEO. m.

Hoars of un-

Fenxlty.

Matters of Vef-feb on board

which Goods are shipped to obtain Excife Drawback, to provide Fattening* for Hatches and alCtt Officers.

down, fastening or fecurine of all and every the Hatches, Scuttles and other Approaches (if any) leading to or coone&ed with the Hold or other Part of such Ship or Veffel where any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in or on board such Ship or VefTel, shall be flowed or deposited; and such Mailer or Commander shall also on such Arrival, and before the Entrance of such Ship or Veffel into either of the said Bafins, to the utmost of his Power, and with a fuf-ficient Number of the Crew of or Perfons employed in or on board such Ship or Veffel, assist such Officer or Officers of Excife in the locking of such Bars, Bolts, Hafps, Staples and other Faftenings refpe£uvely, in such Manner as such Officer or Officers shall think fit, with One or more Lock or Leeks to be provided by such Officer or Officers, for the best and moil effectual fastening and securing all and every such Hatches, Scuttles and other Approaches refpec-tively ; and the proper Officer or Officers of Excife shall, and he and they is and are hereby required immediately to lock such Bars, Bolts and Faftenings respectively, in such manner as to lock, fasten and secure all such Hatches, Scuttles and other Approaches; and the fame respectively shall remain and continue so locked, fastened and secured at all.times, save and except at such times as the Cargo of such Ship or Veffel shall be unloading or discharging, and that only between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Evening, from the Thirtieth Day of April till the First Day of OQober, and between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, from the Thirtieth Day of September to the First Day of May in.every Year; and if the Mafter or Commander of any such Ship or Veffel shall refuse or neglect to have in readiness, or to fix, place or apply in such manner as the proper Officer or Officers of Excife mail direct or require, such Bars, Bolts, Hafps, Staples or other Faftenings, or any or either of them (other than Locks) or shall neglect or refuse so to assist any such Officer or Officers of Excife in the locking of any such Bars, Bolts, Hafps, Staples or other Faftenings, or any or either of them, with any Lock or Locks provided by such Officer or Officers, or in such manner as such Officer or Officers shall think fit, for the best and most effectual fastening or securing such Hatches, Scuttels or other Approaches, or any or either of them, the Mafter or Commander so offending, or the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Veffel, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One Hundred Pounds.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Mafter or Commander of every Ship or Veffel in or on board which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, ihall be laden or shipped within the Port of Briflol for Exportation, in order to obtain any Drawback or Allowance of any Duty or Duties of Excife granted or allowed by any Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force or hereafter to be made, shall, before the lading or (hipping of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, have in readiness, and when and so soon as thereunto required by the Officer or Officers of Excife attending the (hipping of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or by the Officer or Officers of Excife, who shall after such (hipping come into or on board the said Ship or Veffel, to fee, examine or infped any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or the Package or Packages containing the fame, shall fix, place and apply such fit, proper and convenient Bars, Bolts, Hafp6, Staples and all other Faftenings (other than Locks) which

(hall

A.D.1811.

$1° GEO. HI.	C.32.	107

shall be necessary or useful for the locking down, {aliening or fecuring

of all and every the Hatches, Scuttelt and other Approaches (if any)

leading to or connected with the Hold or other Part of such Ship or

Veffel, where any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be ftored

or depolited; and such Mailer or Commander shall also forthwith,

to the utmost of hit Power, and with a sufficient Number of the Crew

of, or Perfont employed in or on board such Ship or Veffel, alfill fuch

Officer or Officers in the locking of such Bars, Bolts, Hafps, Staples

and other Fafteningt respectively, with One or more Lock or Locks

to be provided bv such Officer or Officers, and in such manner as

such Officer or Officers shall think fit, for the bell and moll effedual

fattening and securing all and every such Hatches, Scuttels and other

Approaches respectively; and fucn Officer or Officers of Excife shall,

and he and they is and are hereby required immediately to lock fuch

Bolts, Bars and Faftenings, in such manner as to lock, fatten and

fecure all such Hatches, Scuttels and other Approaches respectively ;

and the fame respectively shall remain and continue so locked, fattened Hours ofloadmg

and secured at all times whiltt the said Ship or Veffel shall be or and unloading

remain within the said Port, save and except at such time as the Cargo

of such Ship or Veffel shall be lading or taking on board, or unloading

or discharging respectively, and that only between the Hours of Six

in the Morning and Six in the Evening, from the Thirtieth Day of

April till the rirll Day of OQober, ana between the Hours of Seven

in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon from the Thirtieth Day

of September to the Firll Dav of May in every Year: And if the

Matter or Commander of any such Ship or Veffel shall refuse or neg*

led to have in readiness, or to fix, place or apply, in such manner as

such Officer or Officers shall direct or require, such Bars, Bolts,

Hafps, Staples or other Fattening6, or any or either of them (other than Locks), or shall neglect or refuse so to afiift any such Officer or Officers in the locking of such Bars, Bolts, Hafps, Staples or other Faftenings, or any or either of them, with any Lock or Locks pro* vided by such Officer or Officers, or in such manner as such Officer or Officers shall think fit, for the bed and mod effectual fattening or securing such Hatches, Scuttles or other Approaches, or any or either pf them, the Matter or Commander so offending, or the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Veffel, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit penalty the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall Obftru&ng obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife, or any Perfon or Officer*, Perfons by him or them employed in the locking of any such Bars,

Bolts, Hafps, Staples or other Faftenings respectively, or any or either of them, for the fattening or securing any filch Hatches, Scuttels or other Approaches, or any or either of them as aforesaid ; or if any Perfon or Perfons shall wilfully destroy, damage or injure any such Lock, Bar, Bolt, Hafp, Staple or other Fattening, or shall by any A61, Device or Contrivance, open, take off or remove any such Lock,

Bar, Bolt, Hafp, Staple or other Fattening, or shall open or make any Entrance or Accefs to the Hold, or any other Part or Place where any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be (lowed or deposited {n or on board any such Ship or Veffel; then and in every such pase the Perfon or Perfons so offending shall severally, for each and Penalty, fyery such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

CAP.

k

ji$	C-3JJ	51® GEO. III.	AJD.i&ii;.

the Hand* of the said Cotnmiflioners, or an j Three of-diem, specifying the Amount of the Sum or Sum* so received, and the Sum or Sums originally advanced or lent, and the times of lending thereof, and the times appointed for the Repayment thereof, and tne Amount of the Principal then due, together with Interect, to be computed at the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the time of the Advance to the time of Payment as aforesaid ; and that whenever the said Commi(lioner8 shall by their Warrant or Order direct any such Monies to be raised or levied by Sale of any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes deposited as a Security for such Sum so lent and advaneed, or by any Proceedings on any Securities taken as aforesaid, the laid Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall deliver to the Officer or Officers executing the fame respectively a like Receipt as aforesaid, and further specifying therein the Amount of the Monies so raised or levied, and tne Subfiance of the Warrant or Order of the Commif-fioners to raise or levy the fame; and the Particulars of every such Receipt shall, by the Secretary or fwom Clerk to the said Commif-fioners, be entered in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpofe at the Office of the said Commissioners; and the said Com-miffioners, or anv Two or more of them, shall at the Foot of such Receipt attest such Entry under their Hands, and deliver the feud Receipt or Receipts to the Perfon or Perfons requiring the fame; and every such Receipt so attefied, and every such Entry in any of the said Books, shall respectively from thenceforth be an Acquittance and Difcharge for the Sums expressed therein to have been received, as againfi the said Commissioners and every of them, their and every of their Executors and Adminiftrators, as well to the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Receipt shall be given, as to all and every Per-fona and Perfon who shall have entered into any Security in respect of the Money mentioned in such Receipt, their and every of their Executors and Adminifiretors respectively; and the laid Commissioners shall, within Ten Days after the Receipt of any such Sum and Sums of Money, pay over to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, so much of every Sum so received by the laid Commissioners, as shall be equal to the Principal Sum received, with Intereft after the Rate of Five Pounds ter Centum on such Sum, from the time when the fame was advanced by the said Governor and Company to the laid Commissioners, up to tne time of the Payment thereof; and the Caftiier of the said Bank shall from time to time accept and receive such Sums from the said Commissioners, and give to the said Commissioners Receipts and Acquittances for the fame, if required, which Receipts and Acquittances shall be entered in the Acquittal to proper Books of the said Commissioners, and shall be an Acquittal to Commifiioncij. the laid Commissioners for so much and such Sums as shall be specified therein ; and all the Excefs of Intereft which shall be received by the said Commissioners on such Sum or Sums as shall be repaid to them, exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, so paid by them to the Governor and Company of the laid Bank, shall by the laid Commissioners be retained and employed as a Fund to defray all Cofts and Expences which shall have been, or may be incurred under the Dire&ion of the said Commissioners, in the Execution of the Trails so reposed in them as aforesaid, and which shall be approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors

of

A.D.iSn.

$i° GEO. III.	119

of Ireland for the time being, and the Surplus of such Excefs of In-tereft (if any) Ihall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Trea« fury in Ireland, by the said Commissioners, and be applied in the fxrft place, to make good any Lofs which may accrue by the Infufficiency of any Security taken by the said Commissioners, and the Remainder be made a Part of the Cofolidated Fund.

XVI.	And be it further enadcd, That in case it shall happen Making food that any Part of the (aid Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, lent and advanced by the said Governor and Company of the Bank *** of Ireland to the said Commissioners, shall not be fully paid and fatis-fied to the said Governor and Company, ou or before the Eleventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, with Intercfi, alter the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the time when the fame shall have been respectively advanced to the said Com-miffioner8, then and in such case such Deficiency shall and may be supplied and made good in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to fey, that the Commissioners under this Ad shall certify, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Six of them, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, the Amount of the Principal and Intereft so remaining unpaid by them, to the said Governor ana Company, after the time when the fame ought to have been paid and tatisfied as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct the Lord High Treasurer or the Com-miffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, to issue One or more Treasury Sill or Bills to the Amount of such Deficiency, to pass current at the Receipt of His Majefty's Exchequer of Ire-land, at the End of One Year after the Date thereof payable to the feid Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, with Intereft from the Date thereof at Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and that it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to receive the feme: Provided always, that whatever Monies shall be afterwards Provifi* received by the said Commissioners from the Parties liable, on account of the Sum or Sums so deficient, shall be paid by the said Commissioners into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, and shall be carried tp and make Part of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland.

XVIL And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Com- Commissioners milfioners appointed by this Ad shall decline to ad in the Execu- defining to s$i don of the Powers and Trufts hereof, or having begun to ad shall decline to ad any further therein, or shall die during the Continuance of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful to and for the remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of them acting as aforesaid, by any Writing under their Hands and Seak, by and with the Confent and Apprr&ation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to constitute and appoint such Perfon or Perfons to be a Commifhoner or Commissioners for the Puroofes aforesaid, in the place of the Commiffioner or Commissioners so refusing to ad, or dying as aforesaid, as the said acting Com-miflioners or the major Part of them, with such Confent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think lit; and so often as such Cafe mail happen, and the Perfon or Perfons so constituted and appointed by the feid Commissioners, with such Confent and Approbation as afore-fcidi haring first qualified to ad by taking and fubferibing the Oath

I 4	herein-

1W

Notice of Action* and Tender pf Amends.

General Iffu*

Treble Cofts.

C. 35,36.	$** GEO. IIJ.	A.D.i&i i.

hereinbefore provided and directed, (kali be invested with the lame Powers and Authorities as are given or delegated by this Ad unto the said Commissioners or Commifiioner constituted by this Ad Tpfpedively.

aVIII. And be it further enacted. That no Adion or Suit shall be commenced agaioft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done by virtue of or in pqrfqance of this Ad, or in the Performance of any Matters authorized by this Ad, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Secretary tor the time being of the said Commilfioner6, nor after a sufficient Satisfadion or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or cause <?f Adion accrued, and every such Adion shall be brought in the (aid Court of Exchequer, and shall be laid in the County of the City of JDublin, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Adion or Suit shall and may plead the General IfTue, and give this Ad and the special Matter in Evidence ou any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame waB done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Ad, or in performance of any Matters authorized by this Ad, and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if such Adion or Suit shall be brought after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought without Fourteen Days Notice tnereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfadion made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Difconji-nuance of his, her or their Adion or Actions, or if a Verdid shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants ffiall have Treble Colts, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the faipe as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colts of Suit in any other cases by taw.

CAP. XXXVI,

An Aft to facilitate the Execution of Jultice within The Cinque Ports•	[25th May	1811.]

•	TTjTHEREAS different Parilhes, Hamlets, Diltrids or Vills, € W form Part of the Liberties of the Cinque Ports, some 4 whereof are situate at a confiderable Diltance from the Port or 1 Town of the Liberty whereof they respectively form Part: And

•	whereas the Mayor or Bailiss, and Jurats, or by whatsoever Name

•	or Names they are or have been calied, of each of the said Cinque

•	Ports, have from the time whereof the Memory of Man is not to

•	the contrary, held, exercised and enjoyed Jurifdidion in all Matters

•	relating to the Office aud Duty of Juilice of the Peace within

•	and throughout the Liberties of the respective Port or Town i whereof they are or have been Mayor, Bailiff or Jurat, or by what-f soever Name or Names they are or have been calied: And whereas 4 such Mayors, Bailiffs and Jurats, or by whatsoever Name or Names 4 they are or may have been calied, are and have been generally refi-« dent in the respective Town or Port whereof they are or have been 4 Mayors, Bailiffs or Jurats respectively, and none, or an infufficient

•	Number of them, within or near unto the Parilhes, Hamlets, Di-

•	ftiifts or Vills, forming Part of the Liberties of such Ports: And

* whereas*

121

A.p»i8|i.	5i*GE0.-QK>	C-jtf.

r whereas the Number of Jurats, or by whatever Name or Names 4 they are or may have been calied, is in each of the said Towns ‘ and Ports limited and insufficient to afford a competent Number 4 of them to be resident at various Places within and throughout the 4 Whole of the Liberties of their respective Ports, to ad as Juftice*

4 of the Peace therein^ by reason whereof great Inconveniences, and

*	many Defe&s of Juftice have freauently arisen, and are likely liere-4 after to arise to His Majefty's oubje&s redding within and fre-

*	quenting such Parifhes, Hamlets, Diftri&s or Vills, unlefa Provi-

*	fion be made for Remedy thereof: And whereas it would tend to 4 the Redrefs of such Inconveniences and Defe&s, and would greatly 4 conduce to the due,prompt and effectual Adminiftration of Juftice,

‘ and Execution of aivcr9 A&s of Parliament *paffed and hereafter

*	to be passed, and to the better Prefervation of the Peace within 1 and throughout the said Parifhes, Hamlets, Diftri&s and Vills, if 1 proper Perfons resident within or near unto the said Parishes,

4 Hamlets, Diftri&a and Vills, were constituted Juft ices of the Peace 4 within and throughout the fame, and invested with the fame Power r and Authority within the fame as doth now or at any time did

*	appertain or belong to any Mayors, Bailiffs or Jurats, or by what*

4 soever other Name or Names they are or may have been calied, o£

4 any Cinque Port, to exercise within the fame ;* Be it therefore euaaed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com* moos, ia this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand HuMajeftym^-eight hundred and eleven, it shall and may be lawful for Hia Majesty appoint Juftice* and His Succeffors, Kings and Queens of this Realm, from time to ^eLftee time, and as often as Occafiou shall require, to direct a Coramiflion JJthe

or Commiffions to be prepared and issued under the Great Seal of Cinque puts,

the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to be dire&ed

to certain Perfons to be named in such Commiffion or Commissions,

conftituting them to be Ju dices of the Peace, and each of them to

be a Juftice pf the Peace within and throughout the Liberties of the

Cinque Ports, and investing them and each of them with the fame

Power and Authority as doth now or at any Time did appertain

or belong to any Mayor, Bailiff or Jurat, or by whatsoever other

Name or Names they are or may have been calied, to exercise within

the Liberties of the Port or Town whereof they were or are Mayor,

Bailiff or Jurat, or by whatsoever other Name or Nanies they are or ipay have been called ; and that from and after , such Commillion or Commiffions shall have so issued, all Perfons and every Perfon named in any such Commiffion or Commissions, shall be, and they and each of them are and is hereby declared to be Justices and a Juftice of the Peace within and throughout the Liberties of the Cinque Ports, and invested with the fame Power and Authority within and through*

Qut the lame, a9 doth now or at any time did appertain or belong to any Mayor, Bailiff or Jurat, or by whatsoever other Name or Names they are or may have been calied, to exercise within the Liberties of the Port or Town whereof they are or were Mayor, Bailiff or Jurat, or by whatsoever other Name or Names they are or may have been calied; any Prescription, Usage, Charter or Charters, Law or Law^

U> the contrary iu any wife not with (landing*

A.D.i8u

JurifdiAIon of such Justices.

Qualification of Jufticsi.

May a& »* Juf-ticesin their own Houses, though not fruited within the Liberties.

Justices of the County of Eflex to ad in Bright-lingfea.

C.3<I.	510	GEO. IH.'

II.	Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That no* Perfon or Perfons to be named in any such Commiffion or Commif-fion8, shall be thereby or by this Aft authorized or empowered to grant Licences or Certificates for Licences to any Viftuailer resident within any Liberty belonging to any Cinque Port, Ancient Town or Corporate Town, or to aft at or in any General or Adjourned Seffion to be holden in or for any of the Cinque Ports, Two Ancient Towns or the Corporate Towns hereinafter mentioned, or to fit, hear or determine or vote upon any matter or thing which shall or may be brought before any General or Adjourned Selfion to be holden in or for any of the Cinque Ports, Two Ancient Towns or the Cor. porate Towns hereinafter mentioned, or to fit, hear or determine any matter or thing, or do any Aft as Jultices or Juftice of Peace within or with regard to any matter or thing which shall happen, arise or fall out within the Towns of Haflingt, Sandwich, hover. New Romney or Hyshe, or any or either of tnem, or within the ancient Towns of Rye or Wtnchelfea> or either of them, or within the Corporate Towns of Praenfy, Seaford, Lydd, Folkestone, Feverfbam, Ford* wich, Tenterden or Deal, or any or either of them, or to claim or challenge, or have any Power, Pre-eminence or Authority, within any of the said Towns, Ancient Towns or Corporate Towns, or any Right, Privilege, Franchife or Immunity, belonging or appertaining to any Member of the Corporation of the said Towns, Ancient Towns or Corporate Towns, any or One of them.

III.	Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted. That no Perfon or Perfons to be named in such Commiffion or Commiffions shall be thereby or by this Aft authorised to aft as a Juftice or Justices of the Peace, unless he and they shall have such Qualification respectively, as would entitle him and them respectively to aft as-a Juftice or Justices of the Peace for any County in England, and unless he and they shall respectively have taken and fubferibed the Oaths, and delivered in at some General Sefiions, to be holden in and for some one of the Cinque Ports, the Certificate respectively required to be taken and fubferibed, and delivered in by Perfons qualifying themselves to aft for Counties in England.

IV.	Provided also, and be it hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Perfons named in such Commiffion or Commissions, who shall have duly qualified themselves as hereinafter dirested, to aft as Justices of the Peace within their own Houfes or Places of Refidence, although the fame may not be situated within the Liberties of the Cinque Ports; and that all Afts which shall be so done by such Justices within their own Houfes or Places of Refidence, shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame would have been if the fame had been done by such Justices within the Liberties of the Cinque Ports*

V.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the Fifth Day df July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, all and every the Justices and Juftice of the Peace for the County of EJfex shall have full Power and Authority to do all and every Aft, and to hear and determine all Matters and Things competent for a Juftice or Justices of the Peace to do, hear or determine, in respect of any Matter or Thing arising within or relating to the Parifh of Brightlingfea> in the (aid County of EJfen^ and also to grant Licences or Certificates far

Licences

JiJD.iftiu

5t»GE0.HL	C.3 6,	123

Licences to all Vi&uallm vefident within the said Parifh of Bright-Uugftat as he or they would or might have in case the said Parim of Brightlingfea was to all Intents and Ptirpofes Part of the said County of Ejsex, and was not and had not been annexed to, or did not form, or had not formed Part of the Liberty of the Town and Port of Sandwich aforesaid.

VI.	And be it hereby further ena&cd, That, from and after the Coroners9 of

Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Co- EfTexCoRnizanc^ roners for the County of EJfex shall have Cognizance of all Matters	"f1®1	°*

and Things whereof it appertaineth to the Office of Coroner to have ns 1	***

Cognizance, which shall happen or fall out within the said Parifh of Brightlingsea, and shall do and execute all Matters and Things appertaining to the Office of Coroner to do and execute within the

Uud Parilh of BrightTingsea, and be paid for the fame in such and the lame manner as they ought and should have done and been paid in case the (aid Parifh of Brightlingfea was to all Intents and Purpofes Part of the said County of EJex, and was not or had not been annexed to, or did not form, or nad not formed Part of the Liberties of the Town and Port of Sandwich aforefaid*

VII.	And be it hereby further enacted, That, from and after the How Main-Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, all Often- tenaoce, &c. c€ ders to be committed or imprisoned for any Offence committed within Offender* com-the laid Parifh of Brightlingsea, shall be committed to, and impri- ^1^°:,? thT' foned and delivered at such Place and Places, Time and Times, as County Gaol of they would have been committed to, imprisoned in, and delivered at, Essex, from

in case the said Parifh of Brightlingfea was Part of the said County Brightlingsea, of EJJex, and that such Offenders shall be maintained and kept in defrayed, such Place or Placer, and conveyed to and from Trial at the Expence of the said County of EJfex ; and that the Treasurer or Treafurers ■ of the said Counter of Ejfex shall, and he and they is and are hereby refpecfcively authorized to demand and receive of toe Overseers of the Poor of the said Parifh of Brightlingfea> such Sum and Sums as they Audi respectively pay to any Coroner of the said County of jEjsex, for any Matter or Thing done by such Coroner within the said Pariih of BrigbtRngsea, and such further Sum and Sums as the Juf-tices of the said County of Ejfex shall, at the Seffions to be holden by them next after the Claule of Eajier in each Year, determine to be double the average Amount of the Expence per Day of feeding and clothing a Prifoncr in their County Gaol, for each Day any Offender shall be so confined or imprisoned in any Placeof Confinement within their County, in lieu and Satisfa&on of all Contribution from the said Parifh of Brightlingfea to the Rate of the said County; and the Treasurer or Treafurers of the said County of Ejfex shall have the fame Remedy and Remedies for receiving and enforcing the Payment of such Sum and Sums, as he or they now have for recovering or enforcing the Payment of the County Rate from any Parifh of the said County; and the said Overseers are hereby required to pay the fame accordingly, out of the Rates to be made and collected within the said Parim for the Relief of the Poor thereof: Provided Provisa, always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be conftrned to extend to deprive the Mayor and Jurats of Sandwich to raise or levy any Rate, Cefs or Impost, they are now authorized to raise or levy within the laid Parifh of Brightlingsea, or on the Inhabitants thereof, pthcr than and except for any Expence to be incurred for the Rebuilding!.

AJ>.i8it«

*24

Justices of the County of Kent to in BeakeC-bourne and Orange.

Coroners* of Kent to have Cognisance with-in Leakelbourne and Grange otherwise Grepch.

Ho* Main.

tenanre, &c. of Offenders committed or impri-foned in the County of Kent, from Beakef-boume or Greach, defrayed.

C. 3^	5	^	GEO.	HI.	*

building, Suftentation of Repair, of any Gaol or Place of Confinement of Offenders within the said Town and Port of Sandwich, or the Liberties thereof, or in the Maintenance, Clothing or Keeping of any Offenders therein, or the Trials of any such Offenders.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, all and every the Ju ft ices and Juftice of the Peace for the County of Kent shall have full Power and Authority,, to do all and every A A, and to hear and determine all Matters and Things competent for a Jo ft ice or Justices of the Peace to do, hear or determine, in respect of any Matter or Thing arising within or relating to the Parifh of Beakef-bourne, and the Hamlet of Grange otherwise Greneh, in the said County of Kent, and also to grant Licences or Certificates for Licences to all Victuallers resident within the said Parifh of Beakefioume, or Hamlet of Grange otherwise Greneh, as he or they would or might have in case the said Parifh of Beakejbourne or Hamlet of Grange otherwise Greneh, were to all Intents and Purpofes Part of the (aid County of Kent, and were not and had not been annexed to, or did not form, or had not formed Part of the Liberty of the Town and Port of Hajlings aforesaid.

IX.	And be it hereby further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Coroners tor the County of Kent shall have Cognizance of all Matters and Things whereof it appertained to the Office of Coroner to have Cognizance, which shall happen or fall out within the said Parifh of Beakejbourne, or Hamlet of Grange otherwise Grencb, mad shall do and execute all things appertaining to the Office of Coroner to do and execute within the said Parifh of Beakejbourne, and Hamlet of Grange otherwise Greach, and be paid for the fame in such and the fame manner as they ought and should have done and been paid, in case the said Parifh of Beakejbourne and Hamlet of Grange otherwise Greneh was to all Intents and Purpofes Part of the said County of Kent, and was not and had not been annexed to, and did not form, and had not formed Part of the Liberties of the Town and Port. of Hajlings.

X.	And be it hereby enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, all Offenders to be committed or imprisoned for any Offence committed within the Parifh of Beakejbourne, or the Hamlet of Grange otherwise Greneh, shall be committed or imprisoned in such Place or Places, and delivered at such Time or Times, Place or Places as they would have been committed to, imprisoned in and delivered at, in case the said Parifh of Beakejbourne, and Hamlet of Grange otherwise Greneh, were refpeAively Part of the said County of Kent, and that such Offenders shall be maintained and kept in such Place or Places, and conveyed to and from Trial at the Expence of the said County of Kent, and that the Treasurer of the said County of Kent, or the Treafureis of the Divifions of the said County of Kent, shall, and he and they is or are hereby refpc&ively authorized to demand and receive of the Overfeer or Overseers of the Poor of the laid Parifh of Beakejbourne, or Hamlet of Grange otherwise Greneh respectively, such Sum or Sums as they shall respectively pay to any Coroner of the said County of Kent, for any Matter or Thing done by such Cprouer within the. said Pariih of Beakejbourne} or the Hamlet of

Grange

A.D.i8iw

j\* GEO.	C. fa n'i	ia$

Grange otherwise Grench, and such further Sum and Sums as the Juilice* of the Divihons of which such Treasurer shall be the Treasurer, shall, at the Seflions to be by them holden next after the Claufe of Eafter in each Year, determine to be double the average Amount of the Expence per Day of feeding and clothing a Prisoner in the Gaol of their respective Divisions, for each Day any Offender shall be so confined or imprisoned in any Place of Confinement within such respective Divisions, in lieu and Satisfaction sof all Contribution from the said Parilh of Beakejbourne, or Hamlet of Grange otherwise Grench, to the Rate of the said County ; and the said Treasurer or Treafurers shall have the fame Remedy and Remedied for recovering and enforcing the Payment of such Sum or Sums, as he or they now have respectively for recovering and enforcing the Payment of the County Rate from any Parilh of the said County 5 and the said Overfeer and Overseers is and are hereby required to pay the fame accordingly out of the Rates to be respectively made and collected within the said Parilh and Hamlet' for the Relief of the respective Poor thereof accordingly : Provided always, that Provifo. nothing herein contained shall extend or be conitrued to extend to deprive the Mayor and Jurats of Hajlings of any Power to raise or levy any Rate, Cefs or Import, they are now authorized to raise or levy within the said Parilh of Bealtcjbourncy or the Hamlet of Grange otherwise Grench, or either of them, or on the Inhabitants of them or either of them, other than and except for any Expence to be incurred for the Rebuilding, Suftentation or Repair of any Gaol or Place of Confinement of Offenders within the said Town and Port of Hajlings, or the Liberties thereof, or in the Maintenance, Clothing and Keeping of any Offenders therein, or in regard to the Trial of any such Offenders.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Aft further to prevent the Marriage of Lunatics.

[31ft May 1811.]

c TIT HERE AS an Aft was made in the Parliament of Great € W Britain, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His late l$G.a. c*3a.

*	Majefty King George the Second, to prevent the Marriage of

*	Lunatics : And whereas it is expedient that the Provifions of the

*	faid Aft should be extended to Ireland;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Perfons found palling of this Aft, in case any Perfon who has been, or at any time lunatic marry, hereafter shall be found a Lunatic by any Inquifttion taken or mZ before de-to be taken by virtue of a Commiffion under the Great Seal of Great CtT,c' -a Britain, or the Great Seal of Ireland refpeftivcly, or any Lunatic arrM8eV01 or Perfon under a Phrenzy, whole Perfon and Eftate by virtue of any Aft of Parliament now or hereafter shall be committed to the Care ind Cuftody of particular Trustees, shall marry before he or (he*

shall be declared of fan? Mind by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain or Ireland, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Com-miffioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain or Ireland for the time bring, or such Trustees as aforesaid, or the naajpr Part of them

Refpeftivcly,

AiD.t8li

Servants or Clerks taking into their Poi-feftion Money, &c. on Matters Account, and fraudulently 1'ecreting.

Mifdemeanor.

TranTpcrtation.

t

C-37>38»39-	5** GEO. lit

respectively, as the Nature of the Cafe (hallrequire, every such Mar* riage shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes what foe ver.

C A P. XXXVIII.

An Aft to proteft Matters against Embezzlements by their Clerks and Servants, in Ireland.	[31ft May 1811.]

*	YY7HEREAS Bankers, Merchants and others, in Ireland\ 4 VV are in the Courfe of their Dealings and Tranfactions,

*	frequently obliged to entrust their Servants, Clerks and Perfons 4 employed by them in the like Capacity, with receiving, paying, 4 negociating, exchanging or transferring Money, Goods, Bonds, 4 Bills, Notes, Bankers’ Drafts and other valuable Effefts and Secu-\ rities: And whereas it is expedient that the embezzling of the 1 fame by such Servants, Clerks and others so employed by their 4 Matters, should be puni (liable as a Mifdemeanor, by the Law in 4 that Paft of the United Kingdom called Ireland ;’ Be it enacted and declared by the King’s Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Servant or Clerk, or any Perfon employed for the Purpofe or in the Capacity of a Servant or Clerk, to any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, or to any Body Corporate or Politick, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall by virtue of such Employment, receive or take into his Pofleflion, any Money, Goods, Bond, Bill, Note, Banker’s Draft or other valuable Security or Effe&s, for or in the Name or on the Account of his Matter or Matters, or Employer or Employers, and shall fraudulently secrete or make away with the fame or any Part thereof, every such Offender shall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and to have embezzled the fame from his Matter or Matters, Employer or Employers, for whose Ufe or in whose Name or Names, or on whose Account, the lame was or were delivered to or taken into the Pofleflion of such Servant, Clerk or other Perfon so emploved, although such Money, Goods, Bond, Bill, Note, Banker’s Draft or other valuable Security, was or were no otherwise received into the Pofleflion of such Matter or Matters, Employer or Employers, than by Delivery into the actual Pofleflion of liis or their Servant, Clerk or other Perfon so emploved, for the Ufe or Behoof of his Matter; and every such Offender, his Procurer, Aider or Abettor, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be liable to be transported to facn Parts beyond the Seas, as His Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Couneil, shall appoint, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, in the Difcretion of the Court before whom such Offender shall be convicted or adjudged.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Aft to repeal so much of an Aft, patted in the Parliament of Ireland^ in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 for the better Regulation vf the Linen and Hemp Manufactures) as takes away the Benefit • of Clergy from Felons convicted of stealing Cloth from 9	Bleaching

127

AJO.iSiu	$i° GEO. III.	C.39,40.

Bleaching Grounds; and for more effectually preventing such Felonies.	[31 ft May 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, * intituled. An Aa for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hemp f Manufactures, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That no Felon 1 convicted, according to the Courfe of the Law and Statutes of • that Kingdom, of Sealing of Linen, Hempen or Cotton Yarn, or * Linen or Hempen Cloth, or Cloth made of Linen and Cotton Yarn, 1 or any Materials or Utenfils used in bleaching the fame, above the * Value of Five Shillings, from or out of any Bleachyard, Back-1 house or Workhoufe thereunto belonging, whether the Faft be ‘ committed by Day or Night, shall be allowed the Benefit of 1 Clergy: And whereas the said Aft has not been fcund effcftuai ‘ for the Prevention of the Crimes therein mentioned, ar.d it is there-‘ fore expedient that so much of the said Aft as is hereinbefore * recited should be repealed: And whereas it might tend more ‘ effectually to prevent the aforesaid Crimes, if the fame were 1 punifhabie more severely than simple Larceny •* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aficmbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That so much of the said recited Aft as is hereinbefore recited shall, from and after the palling of this Act,, be and the fame i* hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, every Perfon who shall be convicted in Ireland, according to the Courfe of the Law and Statutes of that Part of the United Kingdom, of feloniously dealing Linen, Hempen or Cotton Yarn, or Linen or Hempen Cloth, or Cloth made of Linen and Cotton Yarn, or any Materials or Utenfils used in bleaching the fame, above the Value of Five Shillings, from or out of any Bleachyard, Backhoufe or Workhoufe thereunto belonging, whether the Faft be committed by Day or Night, shall be liable to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for such Term, not less than Seven Years, as the Judge before whom any such Perfon shall be convicted shall adjudge ; or mall be liable, in case the said Judge shall think fit, to be impri-fooed only, or to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in the Common Gaol, House of Correction or Penitentiary House, for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

CAP. XL.

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft: of the last Seflion of Parliament, for repealing certain Parts of several Afts relating to the limiting the Number of Perfons to be carried by Stage Coaches in Ireland.	[31 ft May 1811.]

* TITHE REAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland,

* W pafTed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present ( Majesty, intituled, An Aa to explain and reduce into One A8f the ‘ Laws for making, repairing or amending the Turnpike Roads leading i from the Town o/^Naas, to the Towns of Maryborough and Bally>

1 roan, from the said Town of Maryborough to the City of Limerick,

,	4	and

3 G.3.(f.) c-34% § 77-

repealed.

Stealing Linen from Bleach-yards Tranf-portation, Sec.

3jG.3.(I.)c.av

A.D.ithi,

128	C.40.	~	5V G£c5. III.

*	and from the Town of Nenagh to O’Brien'/ Bridge; the Tolls 4 granted by the said Ad are veiled in certain Perfons in the hid

*	Ad mentioned, and the Survivor of them* and the Executor*

*	and Adminiftrators of such Survivor, upon the Conditions and 4 for the Purpofes in the said Ad specified, for the Term of

* Thirty Years from the palling of the said Ad: And whereas 4 by an Ad of the Parliament of Ireland, palled in the Thirty

jyG.3.(I.)c. 55.4 seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An 4 A3 to explain and amend an Ad of the Twenty seventh of George

*	the Third, for improving and repairing the Road from Dublin to 4 Kilcullen Bridge, and the Twenty one Mile Stone, Stage Coaches,

*	Stage Landaus, Stage Chariots or Chaifes, carrying Paffengers 4 paying for their Paffage respectively, are subjected to the Payment 4 of Double the Tolls on the said Roads that any Coaches, Landaus,

*	Chariots or Chaifes, were then respectively subject to by former

* Ads then in force : And whereas by an Ad passed in the Par-jf G.j.(l.)c.83. 4 liament of Ireland in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His

? present Majesty, intituled. An Ad to explain and reduce into One 4 Ad the several Laws for making, improving and repairing the Turn• 4 pike Road leading from the City of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge, in 4 the County of Kildare, and to the Twenty one Mile Stone Wejlward 4 of the said bridge, and for prolonging the Duration of the Ait for 4 repairing the Road from Naas to Limerick, and for the further Im-4 provement of the Roadfrom .Kilworth Mountain to the City of Cork;

*	the Tolls by the said Ad appointed and granted to be raised and

*	colleded on the said Road from Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge are

*	veiled in certain Perfons, their Executors and Adminiftrators, for

*	the Term of Fifty Years, for the Purpofe of repairing, improving

*	and keeping in Repair the said Road, subject nevertheless to the

*	feveral Debts, Charges and Conditions therein mentioned, and, 4 amongll others, subject to the Payment of a Debt of Four thou-4 sand live hundred Pounds, bearing Interell at the Rate of Six per 4 Centum per Annum, and subject alio to the Payment of the Interell

*	of a further Debt of Nine thousand Pounds affecting the said 4 Tolls, bearing Interell at the Rate of Five per Centum; and the 4 Perfons in whom the said Tolls are respectively veiled for the Pur-4 poses aforesaid, are bound in certain Penalties for the due and 4 faithful Performance of the several Matters and Things by the said 4 several Ads required to be done, executed and performed ; and by

*	the said recited Ad of the Thirty eighth Year of His present 4 Majesty, the Term of Thirty Years, mentioned in the said first 4 recited Ad of the Thirty third Year, is extended to the like Term 4 of Fifty Years: And whereas by the said Two recited Ads of 4 the Thirty third and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty, 4 Stage Coaches and other Carriages, carrying Paffengers for Hire 4 upon both the said Roads are subjected to an higher Rate of Toll

*	than other Carriages drawn by the fame Number of Horfes; and 4 the Number of Paffengers, both Infide-and Outlide, are by the 4 said Two Ads of the Thirty third and Thirty eighth Years of

- •	4 His present Majesty limited, and the Toll is confidently increased,

4 in case such Stage Coaches and other Carriages conveying Paf-r fengers for Hire (nail carry more Infide or Outlide Paffengers than: 4 fpecitied in the said Ads : And whereas, upon the Faitn of the 4 said Ads of the Thirty seventh aod Thirty eighth Years of Hitf

4 prefent

v present Majesty’s Reign, and on the Credit of the Tolls thereby

*	vetted in the Perfons in the said Ad mentioned, their Executors, 4 Adminittrators and AiEgns, large Sums have been advanced by 4 such Perfons in paying off the said Debt of Four thonfand five 4 hundred Pounds, and the Interett thereof, so chargeable on the said 4 Roads from Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge, and in paying and keeping 4 down the Interett on the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, also 4 chargeable thereon, and which said latt mentioned Sum of Money 4 Hill remains due and owing, and other large Sums have also been 4 advanced and expended in the Improvement of the said Roads,

4 which are brought to a high State of Perfedion ; and upon the 4 Faith of the said Ad of the Thirty, third Year of His present 4 Majetty, and of the said Adi of the Thirty eighth Year of His 4 present Majetty, large Sums of Money have been advanced and 4 expended in the Improvement of the said Limerick Roads: And 4 whereas by an Adi made in the latt Seilion of Parliament, intituled,

4 An AH to repeal certain Parts of federal AQs of the Parliament of 4 Ireland, so far as relates to the limiting the Number of Perfons to be

*	carried by Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and for enaSing other 4 Limitations in lieu thereof and for other Purposes relating thereto, it 4 is, among other things, enacted, that so much of the several Adis 4 of the Parliament of Ireland as relates to the Limitation of Paf-4 fengers to be conveyed by Stage Coaches, and other Four-wheeled 4 Carnages; also so much of the said Adis as relates to the additional 4 Tolls and Penalties which are thereby demandable and forfeited in 4 case of a greater Number being conveyed by Stage Coaches and 4 other Four-wheeled Carriages than is fpecined by the aforesaid 4 Ads, shall be and the fame are repealed ; and it is also by the said 4 recited Ad of the latt Sefiion of Parliament further enacted, that 4 no Coach or other Carriage deferibed in the (aid Adi, conveying 4 Perfons for Hire, shall be charged or compelled to pay at any Toll 4 or Turnpike Gate any greater Toll than is paid by other Coaches 4 or Carnages drawn by an equal Number of Horfes; any thing in 4 any Adi to the contrary in any wife not with (landing • by which 4 Provifions in the said latt recited Adi mentioned, if the fame were 1 applied to the Roads in the (aid Adis of the Thirty third, Thirty 4 ferenth and Thirty eighth Years mentioned, the Toll payable by 4 Stage Coaches ana other Carriages carrying Paflengers for Hire 4 on tne faaid Roads would be so reduced that the Fund applicable to f the Purpofes of the said recited Ads of the Thirty third and 4 Thirty eighth Years aforesaid, would be conliderably diminished,

4 and tne Roads in the said Adi mentioned would be thereby ma-4 terially injured, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of th&

4 said Ads ;* Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King’s Mott Excellent Majetty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament auembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the hereinbefore recited Claufes and Provifions in the said recited Ad of the latt Seilion of Parliament, or any Clauies or Privifions whatsoever in the (aid recited Ad contained, whereby flie Limitation of Paflengers to be conveyed by Stage Coaches, or the additipnal Tolls or Penalties relating to Carriages conveying Perfons for Hirt are repealed, shall not extend nor be confined to extend to the faid

51 Gso. III.	K	Turnpike'

50	3*	c.	31,

*1.

§i*.

50 O.3. c.JX. not to extend to Roads mentioned in recited A«». 33,37 3UO-j.(l.)

A.D.181i.

t3a	C.4©.	51° GEO. III.

Turnpike Roads leading from the City of Dublin to KilcuUen Bridge, and from Naas to Limerick, or either of them, nor to repeal or alter any of the Provilions, Claufes or Regulations contained in the said recited A6ts of the Thirty third. Thirty seventh and Thirty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, with regard to Stage Coaches or other Carriages carrying Pafienger* for Hire on the said Roads, or either of them.

Former Tolls II. And be it farther enacted, That, from and after the palling taken on Roads of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Per-under 33* 37»	fon an(j persons in whom the Tolls are vested under the said recited

3	• 3- {')	Aft of tke Thirty third Year of His present Maiefty’s Reign, their

and each and every of their Executors, Administrators and Afsigns, to have, demand, receive and take upon the said Road leading from Naas to Maryborough and Ballyroan9 and from Maryborough to Limerick, and from Nenagh to O’Brien’« Bridge, within the Limits for that Purpofe specified by the said Aft of the Thirty third Year of Hispresent Majesty, and during the Continuance of the said A£fc of the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, by such Perfon or Perfons ao they shall authorize thereto, such Tolls and Penalties, and in such cases respectively as by the said last recited Afts they are authorized and empowered to have, demand, receive and take ; any thing in the said Aft of the last Seffion of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding; and that, from and after the palling of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Perfon and Perfons in whom the Tolls are vested under the said recited Aft of the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty’* Reign, and for their and each and every of their Executors, Admi-niftrators and Afligns, to have, demand, receive and take upon the said Road leading from Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge, and to the Twenty one Mile Stone West ward of the said Bridge, within the Limits for that Purpofe specified by the said Aft of the Thirty eighth Year of his present Majesty, and during the Continuance thereof by such Perfon or Perfons as they shall authorize thereto, such Tolls and Penalties, and in such cases respectively, as by the said Afts of the Thirty seventh and Thirty eighth Years they are authorized and empowered to have, demand, levy, receive and take; any thing in the said recited Aft of the last Seffion of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

How Tolls «nd HI* And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Penalties under of this Aft, such and the like Tolls and Penalties as under the said 33* 37* 3^	hereinbefore recited Afts of the Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty

(L) levied.	third,.Thirty seventh and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty,

or either ot them, could or might be demanded, raised, levied and taken before the passing of the said recited Aft of the last Seffion of Parliament, upon the Roads in the said Afts mentioned, shall and may be hereafter from time to time demanded, raised, levied and taken in such manner and under such Rules and Regulations, in all refpcfts, as by the said recited Afts, or any of them, are specially enacted and provided; any thing in the said recited Aft of the last Seffion of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ad may be si- IV. And be it further enacted. That this Aft may be altered, ure*, ftc. varied and amended by any Aft during this Seffion of .Parliament.

CAP.

A.D.1811.

51$ GEO. III.

C« ^ii'

13!

CAP. XLI.

An Aft to repeal so much of an Aft, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An A3 for the more effectually preventing the Jtealing of Linen,

Fufhan and Cotton Goods and Wares, in Buildings9 Fields,

Grounds and other Places used for printing, whitening, bleaching or drying the fame, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Perfons stealing Cloth in Places therein mentioned 5 and for more effectually preventing such Felonies. [31 ft May j 811.]

4 TXrHEREAS by an Aft, parted in the Eighteenth Year of the 18 G. a. c.

4 YV Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

4 An Ad for the more cffcdually preventing the Jtealing of Linen,

* Fujian ami Cotton Goods and Wares, in Buildings, Fields, Grounds 4 and other Places used for printing, whitening, bleaching or drying the

4 fame, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That every Perfon who $ u 4 at any time after the First Day of June One thousand seven hun*

4 dred and forty five shall, by Day pr Night, feloniously steal any 4 Linen, Fuftian, Calico, Cotton Cloth; or Cloth worked, woven,

4 or made of any Cotton or Linen Yarn mixed, or any Thread, Linen 4 or Cotton Yarn, Linen or Cotton Tape, lncle, Filletting, Laces, or 4 any other Linen, Fuftian, or Cotton Goods or Wares whatsoever,

4 laid, placed or exposed to be printed, whitened, bowked, bleached 4 or dried, in any whitening or bleaching Croft, Lands, Fields or 4 Grounds, Bowking Houle, Drying House, Printing House, or 4 other Building, Ground or Place made use of by any Calico Printer,

4 Whitfter, Crofter, Bowker or Bleacher, for printing, whitening,

4 bowking, bleaching or drying of the fame, to the Value of Ten 4 Shillings, or who shall aid or ailift, or shall wilfully or maliciously 4 hire or procure any Perfon or Perfons to commit any such Offence,

4 or who shall buy or receive any such Goods or Wares so stolen,

4 knowing the fame to be stolen as aforesaid, being lawfully convicted 4 thereof, shall be guilty of Felony ; and that every such Offender shall 4 suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy s And 4 whereas the said Aft has not been found effectual for the Prevention 4 of the Crimes therein mentioned, and it is therefore expedient that 4 so much of the said Aft as is hereinbefore recited should be repealed s 4 And whereas it might tend more effectually to prevent the aforesaid 4 Crimes if the fame were punishable more severely than fimple

*	Larceny :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the fame. That so much of the (aid Aft as repealed, is hereinbefore recited shall, from and after the pafling of this Aft, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pafling Stealing Linen, of this Aft, every Perfon who , shall feloniously steal any Linen, *c. firwn Bleach# Fuftian, Calico, Cotton Cloth, or Cloth worked, woven or made of Place*, lie. any Cotton or Linen Yarn mixed, or any Thread, Linen Or Cotton Yam, Linen or Cotton Tape, Ihele, Filletting, Laces or any othet Linen, Fuftian, or Cotton Goods or Wares whatfbever, laid, placed or exposed to be printed, whitened, bowked, bleached or dned in any whitening or bleaching-Croft, Lands, Fields or Grounds, Bowk*

La \ 1	ing

13*

AJ).i8if.

PimUhmeiit.

4S G. 3. c. xjjl

43G.3.C.69. 43 G. 3. c 81.

C.41,42.	5ld	GEO.	HI.

ing House, Drying House, Printing House or other Building* Ground or Place made use of by any Calico Printer, Whitfter, Crofter, Bowker or Bleacher, for printing, whitening, bowking, bleaching or drying of the fame, to the Value of Ten Shillings, or who shall aid or ailift, or wilfully or malicioudv hire or procure »ny other Perfon or Perfons to commit any such Offence, or who fbaU buy or receive any such Goods or Wares so stolen, knowing the fame to be stolen as aforesaid, being lawfully convicted thereof shall be liable to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for such Term not le&.than Seven Years, as the Judge before whom any such Perfon shall be convicted shall adjudge ; or shall be liable, in case the said Judge shall think fit, to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in the Common Gaol, House of Correction or Penitentiary House, for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

CAP. XLn.

An A ft to empower the Lords Commissioners of the Treafiiry to exonerate Diftillers of Spirits from Sugar, from the Excels of the Duties to which they were liable in consequence of the Expiration of an Aft passed in the Forty eighth Year af His present Majesty, above the Duties imposed by the said Aft.	[31ft	May 1811.3

WHEREAS an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Ad for granting 4 iDuties on Worts or Wajb made from Sugar, during the Prohibition 4 of DifliUation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain, expired on the * Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten t * and by the Expiration thereof, the former High Duties imposed •by Two several Afts of the Forty third Year of His present * Majefty’a Reign, the one thereof, intituled, An Ad to repeal the 4 Duties of Eucife payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties 9 in lieu thereof; and the other thereof, intituled, An Ad for 1 granting to His Majejfy, until Twelve Months after the Ratification 4 of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excife 4 in Great Britain, for and in respect of Wort or Wa(h brewed or • made in that Part of Great Britain called England', from Sugar or • any Mixture therewith for extrafting Spirits for Home Confuxnp-4 tion, and also the High Duties imposed by an Act made in 'the • Forty eighth {a) Year of His present Majesty*s Reign, for or in 4 respect of Spirits made or diftiued in any Part or Place in Scot-4 land, for Confumption in Scotland, from Sugar or any Mixture • therewith, and the High Duties by the said last mentioned Aft 4 imposed, for or in respect of the Cubical Content or Capacity of • Stills used or employed in Scotland, for the Purpofe of making or • diftiUing of Low Wines or Spirits for Confumption in Scotland 9 from Mobiles or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and also the 4 High Duties for or in respect of Spirits made or distilled in that 4 Part of Great Britain called England, and imported or brought 4 from thence into Scotland, and tor or in respect of Spirits manu-• faftuxed in Scotland, and brought from thence into that Part of f Great Britain called England, is revived :, And whereas fome

in*	-

4 Diilillers

A»D»ifi11*

*33

51# GEO. III.	C,4«.

4 Difiillers in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland have, since * the Firfi Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eleven,

4 made Entry for the Diftillation of Spirits tor Exportation to that 4 Part of Great Britain called England from Corn or Grain ; And 4 whereas many Difiillers and Makers of Spirits have, with the Con-4 cunence of the Commifiioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, abstained 4 from making or brewing Worts or Wafli for Diftillation from Oats, ‘ 4 Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, or from Malt, Flour or Bran,

4 or any Mixture with the fame, and have confined themselves to the 4 Ufe of Worts or Wa(h brewed and made from Sugar for extrading 4 Spirits for Home Confumption ; and although tome Difiillers in 4 Scotland have, since the Firfi Day of January One thousand eight 4 hundred and eleven, made Entry for the Diftillation of Spirits from 4 Corn or Grain for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great 4 Britain called England, yet such last mentioned Difiillers have, with 4 the Concurrence of the said Commifiioners of His Majesty’s Trea-4 fury, forborne to make any Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid 4 under such Entries as lafi aforesaid ;’ Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Commif&oners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall be at JLiberty to exonerate and discharge all and every such Difiiller and Difiillers and Maker and Makers of Spirits in England and Scotland rcfpe&ively, from and to remit to them re-fpe&ively, such and so much of the said High Duties for or in respect of any such Wort or Wafli brewed or made from Sugar and distilled as aforesaid since the said Thirty firfi Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, and also from such of the said High Duties, for or in respect of any such Wort or Wafli which shall be actually distilled into Spirits before the Tenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, as shall exceed the Amount of the Duties which would have become due and payable under or by virtue of the laid A€t of the Forty eighth (a) Year of the Reign of His f»refeot Majesty, had the fame remained and continued in force to the time of palling of this Aft, and also to exonerate and discharge all and every Difiillers and Difiiller in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from so much of the said High Duties for or in respect of the Cubical Content or Capacity of such Stills as aforesaid as shall exceed the Rate of Duty which would have accrued or become payable under ©r by virtue of an A& made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 for granting certain Duties on IVorts or Wajb made from Sugar, during the Prohibition of Dijillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain, and from any of the said prcfumptive Charges, as to such Commifiioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall, under the Circumftances of each and every such Cafe, appear to them to be just and reasonable ; any thing in any AQ of Parliament to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.	(a)	ISee	c.	ill.	$ 5.

II, Provided always, and be it enp&ed. That nothing in this A$ .contained shall extend, or be deemed or confirmed to extend, to pre* vent or hinder any Difiiller or Difiillers from distilling into Spirit? any Worts or Wafli which shall have been actually brewed or made frgm Sugar, and of which an . Account shall have been taken by the

K 3	Offieer

Treasury may remit Proportion of High Duties on Wafli made from Sugar, and distilled since Dec 31,18x0, and before June 10, x8xx. Scotland.

Provifo for Difiillers diftiU ling certain Wafli made from Sugar.

£•4**43-	51* GEO. HI.	A.D.i8it.

Officer or Officers of Excife on or before the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, at and subject to such Rate of Duty as would or might have been payable if the said recited Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majefty*s Reign had not expired: And provided further, that every such Diftiuer so diddling into Spirits any Wort or Wafh on or after the Tenth Day of June aforesaid shall not, from and after the Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, melt or have melted any Sugar in the making or preparing of any Wort or Wafh for Diftillation, and shall, on or before tne Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, have actually diddled all such Wort or Wafh into Spirits.

50 G.3. c, 77-§»•

Duties to commence from July I, x8xi.

CAP, XLIII.

An Act for altering the time at which the additional Duties of Cuftoms imposed by an Aft of the last Seffion of Parliament on certain Species of Wood were to have taken place; and for granting a Drawback upon Deals and Timber used in the Mines of Tin, Copper and Lead, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.	[31ft May 1811,]

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that the time at which the

*	W Duties imposed by an Adi patted in the last Seffion of

*	Parliament, intituled, An A51 for impojing additional Duties of ( Cuftoms on certain Species of tvood imported into Great Britain,

*	were to have commenced and taken EfFeft, should be altered Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern* poral. and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the several additional Duties of Cuftoms imposed by the said recited Aft, which was to have commenced and taken Effeft from and after the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall commence, take Effest, and be charged and payable from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven ; any thing in the said Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

* II. And whereas it is expedient that so much of the said recited Aft pafTed in the last Semon of Parliament as exempts Deals, not being imported directly from any Briti/b Colony, Plantation or Settlement in Africa or'America, or not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eqft Indies, above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length and not above Ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding One Inch and a Half in Thicknefs, and as exempts Fir Timber being Eight Inches square and not exceeding Ten Inches fquany being the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence, from the additional Duties hereby imjjbfed, should be repealed; but that a Drawback should be allowed, under the Regulations of this Aft, upon such of the said Deals and Timbers as shall be used and employed in any of the Mines of Tin, Copper and Lead, ifi the Counties of Cornwall and DevonBe it therefore further la psrt repealed, enacted, That, from and after the First pay of July One thousand right hundred and eleven, so much of the'Jaid recited Aft as exempts

* \	any

S'

c G. 3. c. 77. 4-

A.D.iSii.	51*	GEO.	III.	C.43.

any fitch Deals and Fir Timber from the additional Duties thereby imposed, /hall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and the said Articles fludl9 from and after the First Day of July One thouCand eight hundred and eleven, be subject and liable to the said additional Duties imposed by the said recited Aft.

III.	And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed for and in respect of such of the said Deals and Timber on which the full Duties due by Law on the Importation thereof shall have been paid, and which Deals and Timber shall have been used and employed in any of the Mines of Tin, Lead or Copper, in the Counties of Devon or Cornwall, a Drawback of so rpuch of the Duties of Cuftoms so paid on any such Deals above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length and not above Ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding One Inch and a Half in Thicknefs, and on any Fir Timber being Eight Inches square and not exceeding Ten Inches square, being of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence, as shall exceed the Amount of the Permanent and Temporary Duties of Cuftoms that were charged and payable on such Deals and Timber respectively by an Aft pafied in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS for repeating the several Duties of Cujloms chargeable in Great Britain, andfor granting other Duties in lieu thereof; which Drawback shall be paid to the Owner of any such Mine, under the following Regulations 5 that is to fay, the Purfer, Agent or Captain of any such Mine in the (aid Counties of Cornwall and Devon respectively intending to claim the Drawback under this Aft, shall enter or cause to be entered in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, an Account of the Quantity of such Deals and Timber used and employed in such Mine, (fating of whom such Deals and Timber were purchased, at what Port the fame were (fated by the Vender to have been imported, and at the End of each Year he shall deliver an Account thereof to the Colleftor of the Cuftoms of the Port where the Duty upon such Deals and Timber shall have been (fated to have been paid.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Purfer, Agent or Captain of any such Mine shall make Oath or Affirmation to the Truth of the Account so delivered to the Colleftor of the Cuftoms, and shall also, if required by the said Cuftomer or Collector, produce the Coff Book of any such Mine; and the Perfun or Perfons, or his or their Agent or Agents, who shall have supplied the said Deals and Timber shall also make Oath or Affirmation to the Truth of his or their Accounts, and that the full Duties on such Deals and Timber were paid thereon; and the proper Officer of the Cuftoms being satisfied that the Deals and Timber referred to in such Account were supplied for the Ufe of such Mine, and the full Duties paid thereon, then and in every such Cafe a Debenture shall be iftiied for the Amount of the Drawback allowed by this Aft, and the fame shall be paid by the Colleftor of the Cuftoms who shall have received such Account, out of any Monies remaining in his Hands on Account of the Duties of Cuftoms.

V.	And be it further enacted. That if any Purfer, Agent or Captain of such Mine shall deliver any false Account of the Quantity of Deals and Timber used and emploved, with an Intent to defraud Hjs Majesty, his Heirs or SucceflTors, such Purfer, Agent or Captain shall, on being convitted of any such Offence, for the First Offence

K 4	. forfeit



Such Articles subject to Duty.

Drawback on certain Deals end Timber used in the Mines of Devon or Cornwall

49G.J.C.91

Account of such Deals and Timber delivered to Colleftor of Cuftoms.

Account verified on Oath, fcc.

Delivering ins false Account.

First Oftence.

A.D.i8ii

136	0.43,44.	51*	GEO.	in.

Subfequent

Qflfcapc.

50 0.3. c. 77.

I 8*

Application of D^ies under this and recited

Aa,

Aft maybe repealed, Ac.

forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and for every Second or further Offence the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, to be sued for within Three Months after,the Delivery of the Account, and recovered in any of the Courts of Record at Wtjlminfier; and One Moiety of such Penalty shall go and be applied to the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue or prosecute for the fame.

4 VI. And whereas the Duties granted by the said recitfed Ad 4 were directed to be paid into the Exchequer of Great Britain, and 4 appropriated to the fame Uks as the Temporary or War Duties 4 imposed by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 4 His present Majesty are directed to be applied : And whereas it is 4 expedient that the Temporary or War Duties granted by the said 4 Ad of the last Seffion of Parliament, and by this Ad, should be 4 applied towards defraying any Services voted by the Commons of 4 the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled Be it therefore enacted, That the said last mentioned Temporary or War Duties shall be appropriated and applied, from time to time, to such Services as shall he voted by tne Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament afTembled, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year ; and the Commiflioners of His Majesty’s Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to ifTue and apply the lame accordingly.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be varied, altered or repealed by auy Ad or Ads to be made in this present Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. XLIV.

An Ad for imposing an additional Duty on Linen imported into Great Britain during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace,	[31ft	May 1811.J

4 TT 7 HE REAS it is expedient that an additional Duty of 4 VV Cuftoms should be imposed on foreign Linen imported into 4 Great Britain;' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Additional Duty assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after •n Linens	the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven,

imported.	there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty,

his Heirs and Succeflors, an additional Duty nf Cuftoms on all Linen imported or brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, of whatever Description the fame may be, equal in Amount to the Temporary or War Duty already charged and payable on the like Articles, according as the said Duties are severally and respectively described and fet forth in Figures as Temporary or War Duties in the Schedule marked ^A) annexed to an Ad passed 49g*J*c.98. in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS for repealing the several Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting either Duties in licit thereof: Pre-

yide<J

AJ).i8n,

>37

51° GEO. III.	C.44.

▼idled always, that the said additional Duties shall not be charged or payable on any Linen which, having been imported into Great Britain on or before the laid Thirtieth I)ay of Jane, shall have been or may be lecured in Warehoufes under the Authority of any Aft of Parliament without Payment of Duty, notwithstanding such Linen may not be so taken out of any such Warehouse, either to be used or consumed in Great Britain, or for the Purpofe of being exported, until after the said Thirtieth Day of June.

II.	And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as Ihall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commilfioners of tne Cuftoms in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commilfioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the additional Duty of Cuftoms hereby hnpofed shall be managed, ascertained, railed, levied, colleftcd, paid and recovered in such and the like manner as any Du* ties of Cuftoms of the like Nature are managed, ascertained, railed, levied, collcsted, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftrittions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for feeuring the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain ; and all Powers, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this Aft, made for feeuring the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Direftions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effeft as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were at large repeated and re-enafted in this Aft.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time ariling from the said Duties, the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame respectively excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, ana shall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the Duties called Temporary or War Duties imposed by an Aft palled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An AB for repealing the several Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting neve Duties in lieu thereof, are dhefted to be appropriated and applied.

V.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be varied, altered or repealed during the present Seflion of Parliament.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That the additional Duty charged by this Aft shall commence from and after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and shall continue to be levied, collected and paid during the Continuance of the present War, and *for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace,

Provlfo for Linens feeured in Warehoufes.

Duties under

Commissioners of Cuftoms,

How levied.

Apptieatimrwf

Duties.

49c.3-e.ji-

Aft may to repealed, ftc.

Commencement, &c.

CAf.

C.45*

51° GEO. III.

AJ3.i8n.

T0A11W.5,

C.25.

The Ship Room* hereinmentioned bo longer to be vied as such, but may be disposed of as Private Property.

djG.* e.*;.

Governor of Kewfoundland

CAP. XLV.

An Act for taking away the public Ufe of certain Ships Rooms in the Town of Saint John, in the Ifland of Newfoundland; and for instituting Surrogate Courts on the Coaft ot Labrador, and in certain Iflands adjacent thereto. [31ft May 1811.]

WHEREAS certain Spaces of Ground in the Town of Saint John’s, in thelfland of Newfoundland, called Ships Rooms, 4 are liable, according to the ancient Cuflom there used, and con-* formably with the Provifions of an Aft passed in the Tenth and 4 Eleventh Years of His Majesty King William the Third, intituled, 4 An AS to encourage the Trade to Newfoundland, to be claimed by 4 the Matter* of fishing Ships, for the Ufe of their Ships and Boats 4 during the current fishing Seafon, which said Spaces of Ground 4 have not of late been employed for the Purpofes of the Fifhery: 4 And whereas it would be more beneficial to the general Interefts 4 of the Trade and Fifhery, if the said Spaces of Ground were 4 wholly exempted from such Claim, and were let out for building 4 Dwelling Houfes and Store Houses, and for other Ufes necessary 4 to the Trade and Fifhery: And whereas it has been proved, upon 4 the Survey of Perfons resident in the Town of Saint John’s, and 4 well (killed in the Affairs of the Fifhery, that there is Land at the 4 Weftem Extremity of the Harbour better suited for drying, curing ' and husbanding ot Fifh than any of the Ships Rooms above men-4 tioned;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aiferobled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the patting of this Aft, the following Ships Rooms, situated in the Town of Saint John’s ; that is to fay, the Ships Room, No. I. Rotten Row, or Pye Corner Ships Room, No. II. 5 Darius’s Ships Room, No. II. 5 Lady’s Ships Room, No.II.; Gallows Hill Ships Room, No. III.; Burfiheart Hill Ships Room, No. III.; Churchill Ships Room, No. IV.; Hudfon’s Ships Room, No. V.; Admiral’s Ships Room, No. VI.; as the fame are laid down, distinguished and named in a Plan of the Town and Harbour of Saint John’s in Newfoundland\ dated OSober One thousand eight hundred and four, and deposited in the Government House there, shall no longer be deemed and taken to be Ships Rooms and occupied during the fishing Seafon as such, but it mail be lawful for the fame to be granted, let and poflefTed as private Property, in like manner as any other Portions of Land in Newfoundland may be; any thing in the said Aft or the said ancient Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

’1 II. And whereas it is expedient to provide for the better Ad-* ministration of Juftice in such Parts of the Coaft*of Labrador 4 from the River St, John to Hudfon’s Sfreights, and in the Ifland of 4 Anticojli, and in all other smaller Iflands as are re-annexed to the € Government of Newfoundland by an Aft passed in the Forty ninth 4 Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An AS for eftahlifhing 4 Courts of Judicature in the Ifland of Newfoundland and the Iflands 4 adjacent; and for re-annexing Part of the Coajl of Labrador and 4 the Iflands lying on the said Coajl to the Government of Newfound-4 landBe it therefore further enacted. That it shall and may be

lawful

A.D.1811.

j»* GEO. in.

C.4S>4<5.47*

*39

Principal Officer of Cuftoms to aQ as Super-intendant of Quarantine in case of Abfencej Ire.

lawful for the Governor of Newfoundland from time to time td may institute inftitute Surrogate Courts in the laid Parts and Places, with Power Surrogate and Authority to proceed in and to hear and determine Civil Suits Courts, arising within the said Ports and Places, and all other Suits aud Complaints, in like manner as Surrogate Courts instituted by virtue of the laid Aft in the Illand of Newfoundland.

CAP. XL VI.

An Aft to authorise the Officers of the Cuftoms to aft for the Superintendant of Quarantine, and his Affiftant.

[31ft May 181I-]

*	TT7HEREAS by an Aft passed in the Forty fifth Year of His 45 0.3. e.xo.

4 VV prefen t Majesty, intituled, An A3 to make further Provifion

4 fot the effectual Performance of Quarantine, certain Duties are 4 required to he performed by the Superintendant of Quarantine, or 4 his Deputy, but no Frovifion is msde for the Execution of the fame

*	in the Event of the Abfence of those Officers Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by tne Authority of the fame, That every thing required in the laid Aft to be done and performed by the Superintendant of Quarantine, or his Affiftant, may, in case of the Abfence or Sicknefs of such Superintendant or Affiftant, be done and performed by the principal Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port or Place, or by such Officer of the Cuftoms as shall be authorized by the Commissioners of the Cuftoms, or any Four or more of them, to aft in that Behalf.

CAP. XLVIL An Act for carrying into Effeft the Provilions of a Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent of Portugal.	[31ft May	l8ll.]

4 X T7HEREAS according to an A ft pailcd in the Twelfth Year 11 Ctr. a. c.xt. 4 W of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second,

4 intituled, An A3 for the encouraging and ihcrcajing of Shipping and 4 Navigation, and other Statutes, no Goods or Cortimodities what-4 ever, of the Growth, Produftion or Manufafture of America,, can be	§ j.

4 imported into this Kingdom or the Iflands of Guernsey and Jersey,

4 in any other than Brttilh-bvWt Ships, owned by His Majesty’s 4 Subjests, navigated with a Mafter and Three Fourths of the Ma-4 riuers British Subjests, and registered according to Law, on For-4 feiture of all luen Goods or Commodities, and of the Ship or 4 Vefiel in which they are imported : And whereas the following 4 Goods and Commodities ; that is to lay, Mafts, Timber, Boards,

4 Salt, Pitch, Tar, Rofin, Hemp, Flax, Raifins, Figs, Prunes, Olive

*	Oil, Corn or Grain, Sugar, Pot A flies. Wine, Vinegar, Aqua vita 4 or Brandy, being the Growth, Produftion dr Manufafture of 4 Europe, are, by tne said recited Aft of the Twelfth Year of the 4 Reign of His laid late Majesty King Charles the Second, and by 4 subsequent Afts, required to be imported into Great Britain ift 1 Ships or Veficls, which, before the First Day of May One thou-

4 land

14®

A.D.iSt u

C.47.	51*	GEO.	HI.-

•	fand seven hundred and eighty fix, did truly and without Fraud 4 wholly belong to Hie Majesty’s Dominions, or which are the Built

*	of His Majetty’s Dominions, and registered respectively according 9 to Law; or in ShipB or VdTels the Built of any Countries or Places *. iu Europe, belonging to or under the Dominion of the Sovereign or 4 State in Europef of which the said Goods or Commodities so etni-4 merated or deferibed as aforesaid, are the Growth, Production 4 or Manufacture respectively, or of such Ports where the said Goods 9 can only be or are mod usually fird shipped for Tranfportation,

9 such Ships or Vedels being navigated with a Madcr and Three 4 Fourths of the Mariners at the lead belonging to such Countries 4 or Places or Ports refpeCtively, and in none other Ships or Veflels 9 whatevery under the like Penalty of the Forfeiture of any such 4 Goods or Commodities as shall be imported contrary thereto, toge*

4 ther with the Ship or Veflel in which the said Goods are imported:

9 And whereas it is expedient, in order to carry into Effed toe Pro*

4 vittons of a Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, con*

4 eluded between His Majedy and His Royal Highneu the Prince 4 Regent of Portugal, ttgned at Rio de Janiero the Nineteenth Day 4 of February One thousand eight hundred and ten, that so much of 4 the said recited Ad patted in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of 4 His said late Majedy King Charles the Second, and any other Ad 4 or Ads of Parliament as may prohibit Goods, Wares and Mer-4 chandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufadure of any of the 4 Territories or Dominions belonging to the Crown of Portugal, 4 which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from other Fo-4 reign Countries, from being imported from the said Dominions or 4 Territories in Ships* or Vedels the Built of the said Territories or 4 Dominions, or captured by any Ship or Vedel of War of the 4 Portugueze Government, or by any Ship or Vedel having Letters 4 of Marque and Reprifal from the (aid Government, and condemned 4 as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the said Govern-4 ment, such Ship or Vedel being owned by Subjeds of the said 4 Government, and navigated with a Matter and Three Fourths of 4 the Mariners at the least, belonging to the Territories or Domi* 4 nions of the said Government, on Forfeiture of such Goods, and 4 of the Ships and Vedels in which the fame may be imported, should 4 be repealed; and that such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, and 4 the Vedels so importing the fame, should not be subject to For. 4 feiture on account of such Importation Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament adembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

Be much of re. That, from and after the patting of this Ad, so much of the said re. t,t4* <^lor *°y cited Ad patted in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty oc «r Act as King Charles the Second, and any other Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on and immediately before the patting of this Ad, as may prohibit any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of the Growth, Pro* duce or Manufadure of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from other Foreign Countries to be imported into this Kingdom, or the Ittands of Guernsey or Jerfcy, in Ships or Vedels the Built of the said Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal\ or taken by any Ship or Vedel of War belonging to the Portuguese Government,

or

miy prohibit Gondt of the Produce of Portugal, kc. to he imported, repealed*

A.D.i8it.

»4«

51® GEO. III.	C.47,

or by any Ship or Veffel belonging to any of the Inhabitants of any of the Territories or Dominions aforesaid, and registered according to Law, haring Commilfions or Letters of Mafquc and Reprifal from the Portuguese Government, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the said Government, such Ship or Veffel so importing being owned by Subje&s of the said Government, and navigated with a i*rafter and Three Fourths of the Mariners at the lead, Subjedts of the said Government, on Forfeiture of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and also of the Ship or Veffel in which the fame may be imported ; shall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further ena&cd, That, from and after the passing of this Ad, any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, which are not prohibited by Law to be imported into this Kingdom, or the Iflands of Jersey and Guemfey% from other foreign Countries, shall and may be imported into this Kingdom, and the Iflands of Jersey and Guernsey direCt from any such Territories or Dominions, in any Ship or Veffel built in any of the said Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, or taken by any Ship or Veffel of War belonging to the Portuguese Government, or by any Ship or Veffel belonging to any of the Subjects of the Territories or Dominions aforesaid, or having Commifiions or Letters of Marque and Reprifal from the said Government, ar.d condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the (aid Government, and owned by the Subje&s of such Government or any of them, and whereof the Mafter and Three Fourths of the Mariners at lead are Subje&s of such Government, and such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall and may be entered and landed upon Payment of the Duties, and subject to the Conditions andllegulations hereinafter mentioned ; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enabled, That all such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes so imported direCtly into this Kingdom from any of the said Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal in such Portuguese Ships or Veffels, so owned and navigated as are hereinbefore particularly mentioned and deferibed, shall and may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties of Cuftoms .and Excife, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Defcription upon their Importation into this Kingdom from any other foreign Country in BritiJh’buWl Ships or Veffels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law 5 and in Cafes where different Duties are imposed upon any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the like Denomination or Defcription so imported from different foreign Countries, then upon Payment of the lowed Duties which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation ip Britijh-built Ships or Veffels of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize from any foreign Country.

* IV. And whereas it is expediept to permit the Importation jof

•	Elephants1 Teeth and Ivoiy into this Kingdom from any of the

*	Dominions of the Crown of Portugal;9 Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to import into this Kingdom Elephants1 Teeth and Ivory from any of the said Dominions, either m J?r/7#&-buiIt Ships1 or .Veffels, owned, navigated

8*	and

Goods of the Production of Portugal, may be imported iu Portuguese Veffel*, Sec.

Such Goods may be lauded oa Payment of certain Duho*.

Elephants’ Teeth and Ivory may be imported.

M*

A.D.i8n

uCir.o. c. 18.

31 O.3. c. 38. I «•

*1 part repealed,

Import.icion of Goods of Portugal in South America, into ike West Indies.

ooth An, Treaty.

c.47.

51'GEO. Ill-

and registered according to Law, or in such Portuguese Ships or VelTels as are in this Ad before mentioned and described, and owned and navigated in the manner hereinbefore also mentioned and de-feribed, notwithstanding such Elephants* Teeth or Ivory jnay not be of the Produce of any of the Dominions of the Crown of Portugal ; and such Elephants9 Teeth or Ivory so imported may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties only as are due and payable on such Articles when imported in a Briti/b-built Ship or Veffel, owned, navigated and registered according to Law ; any thing contained in an A6t palled in the Twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An A3 for the encouraging and increaftng of Shipping and Navigation, or in any other A61 or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Ad palled in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 to amend an A3 made in the Twenty eighth Tear if His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Trade between the SubjcSs of His Majeftfs Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India IJlands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majefty's feud SubjeSs and the Foreign IJlands in the West Indies; and al/o an A3 made in the Twenty seventh Tear of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Import -ation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay and Santa I ucea in the I (land of Jamaica; in the Port of Saint George in the IJland of Grenada ; in the Port of Rofea in the IJland ^Dominica ; and in the

SNaflail in the fftand of New Providence, one of the Bahama under certain Regulations and ReftriSions, as prohibits the ition of Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Malls, Yards, Bowfprits, Staves, Heading boards. Timber, Shiu-

fles and Lumber of any Sort, Bread, Bilcuit, Flour, Pease, Beans, 'otatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley and Grain of any Sort, being of the Growth or Produ&ion of any of the Territories or Dominions belonging to the Crown of Portugal, from being imported directly from any such Territories or Dominions into any Illand under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West Inches (in which Defcription the Bahama Illands and the Bermudas or Somer Iftands are included) in Brilijh-built Ships or VelTels, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paffiog of this Ad, it shall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to import or bring into any of the laid West India Illands any of the laid Goods ia Britifb-built Ships or VelTels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, a?id in no other Ships or VelTels whatever, such Goods being of the Growth or Production of some of the Territories or Dominions belonging to the Crown of Portugal in South America, and imported iuto the laid Illands directly from the laid Territories or Dominions $ the said recited Ad or any other Ad or Ads to th* contrary notwithftaadmg.

4 VII. And whereas by the Twentieth Article of the said Treaty, * it is stipulated, that all Articles the Growth and Produce of 4 Brasil and all other Parts of the Portuguese Dominions, may be 4 received and warehoused in all the Ports of His Majeflv’s Domi-4 nions which shall be by Law appointed to be warehouung Ports

4 for

A.D.i8u.	51*	GEO.	III.

1 for those Articles Be it therefore enacted, That Sugar, Coffee,

Cotton, Wool, the Growth or Produce of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal^ or any other Goods the Growth or Produce of the said Territories or Dominions which are enumerated or described in the Table marked (A.) annexed to an A ft Goods of Por-pafled in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, J«gd dofcribsd intituled An AS for permitting certain Goods imported into this King-dom to be feeured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, and which mty ^feeured shall be legally imported according to the Provifions of this A& in Warehoufes directly from the laid Territories or Dominions, shall and may be before Payment feeured in the Warehoufes belonging to the Wejl India Dock Com* Duty, pany, or in the Warehoufes belonging to the London Dock Company in the Port of London, or in such Warehoufes at any of the other Ports of this Kingdom, as shall have been or shall be approved for the Reception ot Goods of the like Denomination or Defcription when legally imported from the Well Indies, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being nrft paid. Application being made for that Purpofe in the usual and accustomed manner to the Commif-fioners of His Majesty’s Cufloras in England, Scotland and Ireland respectively by the Owners, Proprietors or Confignees of such Goods; and all such Goods so feeured in any of the laid Ware* houses respectively shall have the fame Benefits, and shall be subject and liable to the fame Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Securities and Reftri&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures to which Goods of the like Denomination or Defcription when so imported and warehoused are now fubjefit and liable by any A fit or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of passing this Aft.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares or Mer- Goods so im-chandize so imported into this Kingdom from any of the Territories emitlod or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, shall, upon the Exporta- ^ Draw*Jick m tion thereof from this Kingdom, be entitled to the fame Drawbacks £xportat>0*’

as are allowed by Law upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and ' Merchandize of the like Denomination or Defcription when exported from this Kingdom; and that there shall be allowed and paid the fame Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize exported from this Kingdom to the said Territories or Dominions, as are allowed by Law upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Defcription to any of the Istands, Plantations or Colonies belonging to the Crown of Great Britain in America.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That no higher or greater Duties Charges for

or Impofls under the Denomination of Port Charges, Tonnage and Portuguefe Vef-Anchorage Duties, shall be paid or demanded on Behalf of His for Majesty, nis Heirs or SuccefFors, in any of the Ports of the United ll™*

Kingdom, for Ships or VefTels owned by the Subje&s of the Crown

of Portugal, than are by Law due and payable for Ships and VefTels

owned by His Majesty’s Subjects 5 any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to

the contrary thereof notwithstanding : Provided always, that nothing Provifofor the

in this Ad shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or in any Rights of the

wife alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Balliage or Portage, or CitX °* Loodoo>

any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens &c*

of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for

the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within this

Kingdom, or to my Subject or Subjeds of His Majesty, or to repeal,

7	or

C.47.	143

A.D.i8n<

Bonds for ,F*y-ment of Difference between High and Low Duty vacated*

4& G.3.C.IX. 48 G. 3. c. 109.

repealed.

Continuance>Scc.

Importation of It urn into Canada*

or in any wife alter any special Privilege or Exemption to which any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law, but the fame shall be continued as heretofore.

X.	And be it further enacted, That all Bonds to His Majesty from the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Con-fignee or Coniignees of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Dominions .of the Crown of Portugal, entered into since the Ratification of the said Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, for Payment of the Difference between the High Duty on any fnch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and the Low Duty chargeable thereon, shall, from and after the palling of this Ad, be vacated and discharged, and no further Duty shall be demanded or paid upon the Articles for which any such Bond may have been given to His Majesty.

• XI. And be it further enacted, That Two Ads pa (Ted in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, one, An AS for permitting the Importation of Goods from the Portuguefe Territories on the Continent of South America in Portuguefe Ships; and the other, An A3 to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the Portuguefe Territories on the Continent of South America; shall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be in force during the Continuance of the said Treaty with His Royal High-nefs the Prince Regent of Portugal; and shall and may, if necessary, be altered and varied during the present Sefiion of Parliament.

CAP. XLVIH.

An A£t to permit Rum and other Spirits, the Produce of the British Colonies in the IVeJl Indies, to be imported into Lower Canada from Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, and the Iflands of Cape Breton> Prince Edward and Newfoundland.	[31ft	May	1811.]

*	XT WHEREAS it is expedient under certain Regulations to 1 VV permit Rum and other Spirits, the Produce or Manufa&une

*	of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in the IVeJl Indies to be imported

*	into Lower Canada, from any of the Provinces of Nova Scotia and c New Brun/wick, the Ifland of Cate Bretont Prince Edwards 1 Hland, and the Ifiand of Newfoundland, on Payment of the fame

*	Rate of Duty as if the fame had been imported directly from any

*	of His Majefty's said Sugar Colonies in the IVeJl Indies ;* Be it therefore enaaed by the King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, any Rum or other Spirits, being the Produce or Manuradure of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in the IVeJl Indies, legally and directly imported into any or either of the said Provinces or Iilands in North America, from the said Sugar Coionics, or from the Ifland of Bermuda, may be exported from any or either of the said Provinces or Iilands to the Province of Lower Canada, and landed and admitted to an Entry upon the Payment of the fame Rate of Duty as

if

MS

A.i>.i8n.	5i°geo. in.	0.48#

if the fame had been imported direCUy from any of His Majefty's Sagar Colonies.

II.	And, to prevent the Importation of Foreign Rum and Spirits Regulation* into Lower Canada, under Pretence that the fam£ are the Produce

or Mahufa&ure of His Majesty’s Sugar Coionics, be it eriacted, That every Perfon or Perfons loading on board any Ship or Veflel in any of the said Provinces of Nova Scotia, New Brunfwtch, the Ifland of Cape Breton, or Prince Edward** Istand, or the Ifland of Newfound• land, any Rum or Spirits as of the Growth, Produce or MantitaCkure of any of His Majefty's Sugar Coionics, in order to be exported from thence to Lower Canada, shall, before the clearing out of the said Ship or Veflel, produce and deliver to the Collettor or other;

Principal Officer of the Cufloms at the Loading Port, his or their Affidavit, or that of his or their Agent or FaClor, signed and fwom to before fame Juftice of the Peace in the Province or Jfland where the fame shall be shipped, expressing in Words at Length and not in Figures, the Number and Content or Contents of the Calks or other Packages containing the Rum or other Spirits; alfa from what Colony or Plantation the fame were imported, by whom, and the time when such Importation took place, which Affidavit shall be attested by the Hand of the said Juftice of the Peace to have been sworn to m his Prefence, who is hereby required to do the fame without Fee or Reward 5 and the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Cufloms to whom such Affidavit shall be delivered shall thereupon grant to the Mafter or other Perfon having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Veflel in which the fame shall be loaden, a Certificate under his Haud and Seal of Office (without Fee or Rewardof hit having received such Affidavit pursuant to the Directions of tnis ACt, and that it thereby appeared that such Rum or other Spirits was or were legally imported into the said Province or Istand, as the case may be, as of the Produce or Manufacture of Hi's Majefly’s Sugar Colo* nies, and such Certificate shall express the Number and Content or Contents of the Cafks or other Packages containing the Rum or other Spirits fa shipped on board such Snip or Veflel.

III.	And be it further enacted, That upon the Arrival of fudh Cettifiests of Ship or VefTel at the Port of her Difcharge in the Province of Lower Affidavit made Canada, the Mafter or other Perfon having the Charge or Command eahr^dSiveivd of the said Ship or Veflel, shall, at the time of making the Report of co Collector his Cargo, deliver the said Certificate to the Collector or other Prin- of Cuftoms, *c. cipal Officer of the Cufloms of such Port, and make Oath before

him, which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized and required to administer, that the Rum or other Spirits fa reported, are the fame that are mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate ; and if any Rum or other Spirits shall be imported or found on board any such Ship or Veflel for which no such Certificate shall be produced, of which shall not agree therewith, the fame shall be deemed and taken to be foreign Rum and Spirits, and shall be subject and liable to th? fame Duties, ReftriCtions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures in all refpeCts as Rum or other Spirits of the Produce or Manufacture of any foreign Colony or Plantation is or are subject and liable to by Law.

L

.51 Gk6. III.

C A Pi

*0

c. 49,50,51.

51* geo. m.



38 G. 3.0.63.

Commissioners of Cuftoms may grant Li. cence for Exportation of 300 Sheep Yearly.

CAP. XLDC.

An A<& for railing the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities.	[31ft May isti i.J

CAP. L.

An AGt to allow a greater Number of Sheep to be carried from England to the Isle of Many thah are now permitted by Law.

[31ft May 1811.]

9 TT/HEREAS it has been found by Experience that the limited 9 W Number of live Sheep allowed by1 an Aft palled in the Thirty 9 eighth Yeir of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An AS for

*	the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufa8ures of the Ifle 9 of Man; for improving the Revenue thereof; and for the more 9 effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the fail Ifiand, to be 9 exported from England to the Isle of Mani. under Lideoce from the

*	Commiffioners df the Cuftoms, is not fumcient for the Ufe of the

*	faid IfleBe it ehafted by the King's Moll Excellent Majesty, fey and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual aud Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by tne Authority of the tame, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Mdjefty’s Cultoms in Englandor any Three of them, to grant Licence in the manner in the said recited Aft prescribed, to remain in force for t)ne Month from the Date thereof, for the Exportation from the Port of IAverpool, or the Port of Ufhttehaven, into the Port of Douglas or Ramtey in the Ifle of Man, any Number of live $heep, not exceeding Three hundred in the whole, from the said Ports of Liverpool and Whitehaven in any One Year; which Exportation shall in every respect be subject and liable to the Proviftons and Regulations of the said Aft, and atfo of the Aft passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majelly's Reign, intituled, An A3 to explain, amend and reduce into One A3 of Parliament, several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of live Sheep, Rams and Lambs, Wool, tVoolfels, Mortlings, Short lings, Tarn and Worfied Cruels, CoverUdt, Waddings and other ManufaQurcs or pretended Manufadurcs made of Wool Jlightly wrought up or otherwise put together, so as the fame may be reduced to ana made use of as W70I again, Mattrajfes or Beds fluffed with Combed Wool, or Woolft for combing. Fullers Earth, Fulltng Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay,from this Kingdom, and from the If a of Jcrfey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Man, into foreign Parts $ andfor rendering more cjfeSual an A3 pnjed In the Twenty third Tear of the Rrjgn of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An A3 for the Winding of Wool,

CAP. LI.

An Acl for nbolifhing the Duties of the Prizage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland.	* [jrft: May	l8n.]

3. c.xoi. c 'TTJ’HEREAS an Aft was passed inthelaft Selfion of Parihr-

*	VV ment, intituled, An A3 for confirming an Agreement for the 9 Pur chafe of the Primage and Butler age of Wines in Ireland; entered

*	into by the Commissioners of His Majelty’s Trcafury in Ireland\

' ■	^	13	*4aad

28 G.3. c.38.

A*D,iBiu	5106E0. III.

*	and the Right itooOurable Walter Earl oF Ormonde and OJfoty, 4 and bis TrUltees, in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty lixth 4 Year of His present Majesty’s Reign : And whereas, under and bf 1 virtue of the said Aft and of the rrovifions thereof, the said Duty*

4 of Primage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland» hath become and 4 now is fully and absolutely veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and 4 Succeffors, and it is expedient that the fame should be ab6li(hed ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confert 0? the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after One Calendar Mottlh from the passing of this Aft, the said Duty of Prizage and llutlerage of Wines brought into all or any Port, Haven, Creek, River of other Place in Ireland, and all Compofitionjs, Duties and other Payments in lieu or on account of such Prizage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland\ or in any Part thereof, shall cease, determine and be no longer payable 5 any Law, Usage, Cuftom, Contraft or other Matter to the contrary in any wife not with (landing.

IL Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend, or be in any wife deemed, taken or con-ftrued to extend, to prevent the receiving or levying all and every such Duty which shall have become due at any time prior to the said Period of One Calendar Month from the passing of this Aft ; but that as to all filch Duties as shall so become due, it shall and may be lawful to receive and apply the fame, and in case of Nonpayment thereof so raise, levy and enforce the Payment thereof, and to use all such and the fame Remedies and Proceedings for that Purpofe in the fame manner and in all respects as if this Aft had not palled.

CAP. LH.

An Act for explaining and amending an Aft passed in the last Seffion of Parliament, for consolidating the Duties of Cuftoms for the Isle of Man, and for placing the fame under the Management of the CommiffionerS of Cuftoms in England.

[31ft AfarJ 1811.]

*	YT7HEREAS by an Aft, palled in the Fiftieth Year of the

*	W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An A3 for con-4 folidating the Duties of Cuflotns for the Ifle of Man, ahd for placing 4 the fame under the Management of the Commtfjioners bf Cujloms in 4 England, all Sums of Money received under the Authority of 4 that Act, the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the 1 fame excepted, are required to be remitted to the Receiver Gfe-

neral and Cafhier of the Cuftoms in England, to be paid'-into the

*	Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and such Part thereof as shall 4 remain after the necessary Expences attending the Government of 4 the said Isle of Many and the Adminiflration of Juftice there, and 1 all other Charges are from time to time defrayed, are difefted to go

*	to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain ; And

*	whereas great Inconvenience and Delay will attend this Mode

*	of obtaining the requiflte Suras of Money for defraying the fajd 4 Expences and Charges ;* in Remedy thereof, Be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent M&jefty, by and with the Advice and Copies of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

La	prefent



46 O.J.t,*'

Duty ofPriSJg* and Butlerage ' of Wines in Ireland to eeafe.

Duties incurred recovered..

50G.3.C.4A,

§9-

CoDedonof Cuftoms to re* tain Money for defraying Expence* attend, ing Government, fee* of Ifle of Man, and remit Refidoe to Re* eeiver GeneraL

Carried to Coo* fblidated Fund.

50 G. 3. c.41. SJi. A.

Duty of 15I.

. under recited Ait' charged.

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame* That any of the Collectors of the Cuftoms in the Ijle of Man appointed to receive the Duties imposed by the said recited A€t shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, agreeably to such Directions as shall from time to time be given for that Pur-pofe by the CommillionerS of His Majesty’s Cuitoms in Englandt or any Four or more of them, to retain such Sum or Sums of Money in his or their Hands as may be sufficient to defray the necessary Ex* pences attending the Government of the (aid Ijle 0/ Man, and the Adminiftration of Juftice there, and other Charges incurred in the (aid Ifle, which have heretofore been or may hereafter be deemed fit and proper Charges to be deducted from and paid out of the Duties of Cuftomp collected in the said JJle of Man, and also for the Ptorpofc of defraying any Bounties that may be due by Law upon Herrings caught by the Inhabitants of the laid Ijle of Mauf and upon the Amount of the said Expence*, Charges and Bounties, being afeer-tained, the said Commimoners of His Majesty’s Cuftoms in England, or any Four or more of them, are hereby authorized to dirett the (ame. to be paid out of the (aid Monies so retained to such Perfon or Perfons as may be entitled to receive the fame ; and the Refidue of the said Monies arising from Duties of Cuftoms in the Hands of the said Collectors, after paying such Expenses, Charges and Bounties, shall be remitted to the Receiver General of the Cuftoms in England, to be paid into the Receipt of Hia Majesty’s Exchequer for the Purpofe of being carried to the Coafolidated Fund of. Great Britain ; any thing in the said recited ACfc of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, or any other ACt or Ads to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

• II. And whereas in the Schedule marked (A.) annexed to the 1 said recited ACt, Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, not therein*

*	before charged with Duty, imported from any Port or Place from ‘ whence such Goods may lawfully be imported into the Ijle of Man,

•	* are charged with a Duty of Fifteen Pounds, and which said Fifteen

*	* Pounds was intended to be imposed for every One hundred Pounds

*	of the Value thereof, but tne Words for every One hundred '( Pounds of the Value thereof are omitted Be it enacted, That the

said Duty of Fifteen Pounds shall be deemed to have been charge* able and shall be charged upon every One hundred Pounds of the Value of Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, not thereinbefore charged with Duty, being imported from any Port or Place from whence such Goods may lawfully be imported into the (aid Ifle of Man ; which shall have been so imported fioce the Fifth Day of July One thou* sand eight hundred and ten, or shall hereafter be so imported, not* withstanding the Word* for every One huudred Pounds of the Value thereof were omitted in the said Schedule.

CAP. LIU.

An A& for railing the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Tfear One-thoufand eight hundred and eleven.	[31ft	May	18x1.3

“ TREASURY empowered to raise 6,000,oooL by Exchequer c< Bills, in manner pretcribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.— § 1, 2- Treafory to apply the Money railed. £ 3. Principal of hid Bills dinged on

* firft

A*D.i8ir.

51* GEO- m.	C. 53,54,55.	149

44 first Supplies of next Seflion. f 4. Intereft thereon of 3$d.per 44 Cent. per Diem. f 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer “ after	5,	181a.—§ 6. Bank of England empowered to

44 advance 6,000 ,oool. on the Credit of this A6t, notwithstanding *

" J&f6 9T.& M.c. 20.—§ 7.

CAP. LIV.

An ASt for railing the Sum of One million five hundred thou* sand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britaitiy for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.	[3 jft May 1811,]

TOn the like Terms at under c. 53. ante*']

CAP. LV.

An A£t for abolishing the Superannuation Fund in the Department of the Cuftoms, and for transferring the fame to the Head of Confolidated Cuftoms, and for authorising the Payment of all retired Allowances on that Department out of Confolidated Cuftoms.	[10th June 1811,]

*	TTKHEREAS a Fund has long been established under the 4 VV Management of the Commiflioners of His Majefty'a

4 Cuftoms in England, for the Benefit of aged and infirm or dif-	*	•	*	'

*	abled Officers, called the Superannuation Fundf which has been 4 partly Supported by the Contributions of the Officers of the faid

*	Revenue, and partly by the Application of the Fees paid in refpe&

4 of Offices in the Cuftoms vacant or abolished to that Purpofe 1 4 And whereas the granting and paying Allowances or Compen-4 fations in the nature of Superannuation or retired Allowance, or 4 Reward to* Perfons in reme& of their having held any Public 4 Office or Employment, or been engaged in any Public Service, is

4 regulated and controlled by an A& of the last Seflion of Parlia- 50 G. 3. e. 117.

4 ment, intituled. An A3 to direB that Accounts of Increafe and 4 Diminution of Public Salaries, Penfions and Allowances, /ball he ' annually laid before Parliament % and to regulate and controul the 4 granting and paying of such Salaries, Pcnjiotu and Allowances j and 4 it being expedient that the said Fund ihouldbe abolished, and that 4 the Monies constituting the fame whether invefteJ in the Public.

4 Funds, or remaining in the Hands of any Perfon whomsoever as 4 Monies received on' account of Fees and Emoluments of Offices 4 in the Cuftoms vacant and abolished, or from Contributions to 4 the said Fund, should be carried to the Account of Confolidated 4 Cufloms, and be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under that 4 Head, and that all Payments, Penfions and Superannuation, or 4 retired Allowances, to Perfons iti refpe6t of their having held any 4 Ofiiee or Employment in the Cuftoms, should in future be paid 4 out of Confolidated Cuftoms, and be charged to the Account of 4 Incidents of that Department ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moll Excellent Majessy, hy and with the Advice and Con* fcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight Superannuation Uudrcd and twelve* no Contribution or Subfcription shall be taken Fund-aboltfhcd.

’ • • ‘	L	3	or

Money paid over to Receiver General of Cuftoms, who shall pay it into Exchequer, to

^enfion* and Allowances paid in

future out of Confoiidjted Cutout.

Aft may be repealed, to

Additional Duty on Tobacco ma-itufa&ured in Ireland.

or received from wry Officer or Perfon in the Service of Hi* Majefty’* Cuftoms, Qn account or toward* the Support of the {aid Fund ; and that, from apd after the fajd Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the said Fund shall be abolished, and that all Monies that have been received either a* Contribution* to the {aid Fund, or a* Fees or Emoluments of Offices in the Cuftoms abo-lifhed and vacant, and which Monies have been either veiled in the Purchafe of Stock {landing in the Books of the Bank of England* in the Names of Richard Frewin, William Roc and Francis Fownei Juttrell* Enquires, Tnjftees of the said Fund, or in the Names of Richard Frewin* William Roe and Augujlut Peehcll* Esquires, or remain in the Hands of any Perfons or Perfon whatever, shall be paid over to the Receiver General of His Majefly’s Cuftoms in England* and by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under the Head of Consolidated Cuftoms, for which Purpofe the said Truf-tees are hereby authorized and required to fell the said Stock, and that all Monies that shall or may have been received or may hereafter be received by any Perfon or Perfons whatever, as such Contributions and a* r ees or Emolument* of Offices in the Cuftoms abolilhed and vacant, and which shall remain in the Hands or may come into the Hands of any such Perfon or Perfons, shall be paid to the Receiver General of iii* Majesty’s Cuftoms in England, and by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under the Head of Consolidated Cuftoms ; and that all Payments, Penfions and Superannuations, or retired Allowances to Penons, in respect of their having held any Office or Offices, or Employment or Employment* in the Cuftoms, heretofore paid out of the said Fund, or charged on the King7* Share of Seizures, .shall be paid out of Confolioated Cuftoms, and be charged to the Account of the Incident* of the Cuftoms; any JLaw, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enabled, That this Aft may be varied, altered or repealed by any A& or A&s to be made in this present Seffion of Parliament,

CAP. LVI.

/in Aft to grant additional Duties of Excife on Tobacco tnanufaftured in Ireland.	[ioth June 181	j.j

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subje&s, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland* in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty’s public Expences in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Doties of Excife hereinafter mentioned, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTemblcd, and bv the Authority of the fame, That there shall be railed, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, for and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco which, at any time from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred snd eleven, shall be manufactured in Ireland in any manner, to be charged cm the Perfon manufacturing the fame or taking any Part

thereof

AJE1811.	jic	GEO.	nf.	C.56#	v	y

thereof out of the original Package, for the whole Quantity contained in fhch Package (as expreJTed io the Permit by virtue of which the Package was conveyed to the Maotftfe&urer) at the time when the fame dull be opened* an Excife Duty of Eight Pence British Currency* in addition to aH other Duties of Cuftoms or Ex-cifc now payable on any such Tobacco, under or by virtue of any Aft or Aftfi in force in Ireland. ■

II.	And be it further enacted. That the (aid Inland or Excife DujypiyaUton Duty on Tobacco imposed by this Aft shall be payable on all To-

bacco not taken out of the original Package which shall be in the origin^ Packagei

Hands of any Manufafturer or Manufoftuners or other Perfon pr

JPerfons in Ireland at any time on or after the said first Day of

June One ihoufand eight hundred and eleven* and shall be a Charge

on such Manufafturer or Manufacturers, or on the Perfon or Perfons

taking such Tobacco out of the original Package* at the time w^en

such Tobacco or any Part thereof shall be (o taken out ; and the Returns of fbch

Surveyors, Gaugers or other Officers of the Revenue* (hall* within Tobacco made

Ten Days after the passing of this Aft* make Return or Reports in<* ^uly *****

in Writing to the Colleftorg in their respective Didrifts of fuch

Duty as (nail have then become due and payable by virtue of this

Aft* and of the Perfons chargeable therewith in such DiRrift re-

fpeftively ; and that such Returns or Reports shall be a Chain on

all such Perfons* and (had be paid by such Perfons to the Colleftor

of the Diftrift within Seven Days after any such Return or Report,

or in Default thereof all such Tobacco shall be forfeited and fnaed* penalty.

and every Manufafturer or Perfon who shall make Default therein

shall, for eveij such Default, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and

also One Shilling for every Pound Weight of Tobacco contained in

such original Package.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies arifmg from the Duty esnied to

Dirties by this Aft granted, the necessary Charges of collecting and	irebnd

paying the fame being dedusted, ftiatt be carried to and turtle Part Qf *un 0 r n • the Consolidated Fund of Ireland;

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this DutieraMPe- # Aft granted and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures &°cT under this Aft, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid. Cued for* recovered and applied in such manner* and under such Powers and Authorities* and by such ways and methods* and according to fuch

Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures* as are

appointed, directed and expressed for the ratting, collesting, paying,

levying, allowing and managing any Duties, or for the Recovery of

any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act made in Ireland in

the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majeity King	Cur	a.

Charlet the Second, intituled, An Ad for settling the Excife or ' « e '4* c*

new Imbojl ufon His MajtJly, bis Heirs or Suceeffors, according to

the Bock of Rates therein inserted / cr in and by an Act made in the

Forty sixth Year of His pTefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An AS 4$ G. 3. c io4.

to provide for the better Execution of the several A3s relating to the

Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Com•

Vtijponers of Cujloms and Pori Duties, and of the Cowmiffianen of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland ; or in Qr by any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Cuftoma and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Pnrpofes

L 4	as

\

AJD.ifiu.

ifk	C.56^7,58.	51°	GEO. III.

as if the fame 'were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for tne Party or Parties aggrieved, as ia and by the said recited Aft made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Aft or Ads as aforefcud provided.

Aft m*y be re- V. And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, pealed, &c. amended or repealed, by apy Ad or Ads to be made m this present Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LVII.

An Aft to amend an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Export of Salted Bepf and Fork from Ireland.	[10th June 1811.]

47 0. 3. SefT. 2. f YT7HEREAS by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of c, xe. § 1-	4 YV His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An AS for encourag-

f ing the Export of Sedted Beef ana Port from Ireland, it is enacted,

*	that no Duty whatever shall be paid or payable on the Export

*	from Ireland to • any Place whatever of any salted Beef or Pork

*	falted in Ireland, but that all Beef and Pork salted in Ireland (hall

*	and may be exported free to any Place whatever, and without Pay-ft. f inept of any Cuitom, Subfidy or Duty whatsoever; and that upon

4 the Exportation from Ireland to any Place except Great Britain, 4 of any Beef or Pork salted in Ireland, there mall be paid and f allowed to the Exporters of such Beef or Pork an Allowance or 4 Bounty in the Nature of a Drawback for and in respect of the f Duties charged upon the Salt used in salting of such Beef or Pork, 4 after the Rale of Ten Pence for each and every One hundred 4 Pounds Weight thereof; and it is expedient that the Provifions of 4 the laid Aft should extend to Tongues, Hams and Bacon salted 4 in Ireland ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, f*tcs4ed to «nd hy the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Ex-Tongues, Hams phration of Ten Days after the ppffing of this Aft, all the Clauses, and Bacon salted Provisions, Rules pnd Regulations in the said recited A ft contained, in Ireland, &c. foall extCIKl and construed to exten4 to all Tongues, Hams and Bacon salted in Ireland, and exported from thence, and that such Tongues, Hams and Bacon ftaU and may he exported free to any Place whatever; and that on the Exportation of any fuph Tongues, Hams or Bacon from Ireland', tp any Place except Great Britain, such and the like Amount of Allowance or Bpunty in the Nature of Drawback, shall be paid aud allowed to the Exporter thereof, and in like manner and under the like Rules, Regulations and Provisions, as by the said recited Aft is provided with re^peft to Beef and Pork salted in Ireland, and as if Tongues, Hams and Bacon had beep peptio/ied in the said recited Aft.

CAP. LVIII.

An Aft to allow the free Importation between Great Britain and Ireland of Home-made Chocolate \ to prohibit the Im-. yortation' of Foreign Chocolate into Ireland so long as the

fame

A.D.iSir.	51* GEO. III.	C.58,	IS3

fame shall be prohibited in Great Britain; and to grant certain'Duties on Cocoa Nuts imported into Ireland.

[loth June 1811.]

*	TTTHEREAS a Duty of Two Shillings is imposed by Law

*	W in Great Britain* for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of

*	Irtfl) Cocoa, Cocoa Pafte or Chocolate imported into Great Bri-4 tain* and an equivalent Drawback of Two Shillings is allowed on

*	Chocolate of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported to Ire-4 land* bnt no Duty or Drawback whatever is imposed or allowed 4 in Ireland on the Importation of Chocolate of the Manufacture

*	of Great Britain, or on the Exportation to Great Britain of Cho-4 colate of the Manufacture of Ireland: And whereas by the Laws

*	in force in Great Britain the Importation of Chocolate from fo-

*	reign Parts is prohibited in Great Britain: And whereas it i3 ‘ desirable to allow a free Intercourfe between Great Britain and

*	Ireland of Chocolate made in either Country, without Duty or 4 Drawback on the Import and Export thereof from the one Coun-4. try to the other, ana to prohibit the Import of Chocolate into 4 Ireland from foreign Parts beyond the Sea, and that the Duties

*	on Cocoa Nuts imported into Ireland should be assimilated to those 4 in Great BritainBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from Duties jn<t and after the palling of this Act, all Duties imposed and payable Dr** b iclu on by virtue of any ACt or Act* in force at the time of the palling of itj °t . this Ad upon Chocolate of the Manufadure of Ireland, or upon

Irijb Cocoa, Cocoa Pafte, or Chocolate imported into Great Britain, ceai**# and all Drawbacks payable or allowable by virtue of any fuck ACt or Ads on Chocolate of the Manufadure of Great Britain exported to Ireland, shall cease and determine and be no longer paid or payable or allowed or allowable refpedivcly; any thing in any Act or Ads to the coutrary notwithstanding.

‘ II. And whereas Chocolate not being of the Manufadure of	but C!u>-

*	Ireland is prohibited by Law from being imported into Great »»t B »u:h 4 Britain fie it further enacted, That, from and after the palling Mamit.'ciure m of this Ad, and during such time as the Importation of foreign Chocolate shall be prohibited in Great Britain, it shall not be lawful ** 1,1 *

for any Perfon or Perfons to import into Ireland any Chocolate whatever, except of the Manufadure of Great Britain ; and that if any Perfon shall import qr bring into any Part of Ireland any Chocolate not being of the Manufadure of Great Britain, all such Chocolate shall be forfeited and may be seized 5 ar.y Ad or Ads in force at the time-of the palling of this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the palling Duties on !m-of this Ad, there shall be- railed, levied, colledcd and paid unto portion ot and to the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for, upon Coco* Nuts mto and in respect of every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts lre^wi* imported into Ireland* the several and refpediye Sums and Duties of Cuftoms following ; that is to fay.

Of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony Duties, or Plantation in America* imported into Ireland* the Sum of Two Shillings and Two Pence British Currency:

Of

*54

AJD.iSii.

prtvbtks.

Duties and Drawbacks and Forfeitures how levied and paid.

C.58,59.	j|B	GEO.	III.

Of Cocoa Nuts imported into Great Britain by the United Company of ftjerchants of England trading to the East Indies, ?nd imported into Ireland according to Law, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four Pence British Currency :

Of all other Cocoa Nuts imported into Ireland\ the Sum of Three Shillings and Four Pence British Currency:

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity :

Which Duties shall be in lieu and full Satisfadlion of all Duties pay* able in Ireland upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts under any A61 or A6ls of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the pafling of this Adi; and that, from and after the palling of I hit Adi, upon the Exportation of Cocoa Nuts from Ireland a Draw* back after the Rate cf Two Shillings and Two Pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois thereof mall be paid and allowed, in like manner and under such Rules and Regulations as Drawbacks arc payable in other cases ; and that upon the Exportation from Ire» land (except to Great Britain) of any Chocolate made in Ireland of Cocoa Nuts which shall have been imported into Ireland, and for which the above Duties shall have been paid, and which shall he duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parte, there shall he paid and allowed a Bounty, in the nature of a Drawback, of Two Shillings British Currency for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of any such Chocolate.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties and Drawbacks hereby granted and allowed, and all Forfeitures by this Adt imposed, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, allowed and applied, and be recovered and recoverable in the fame manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and under such Rules and Diredtions as are appointed, dire died and expressed for the railing, collecting, levying, paying, allowing and applying or recovering of Duties and Drawbacks pay* able on Goods, Wares and Merchandizes imported into and exported from Ireland respectively, and of all Forfeitures in rcfpedf thereof in and by any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effedlually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the (aid Powers and Authorities, Rules and Diredtions, Penalties and Forfeitures were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and from the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by anyluch Adi or Adis as aforesaid is given and provided.

C A P. LIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excife on Wa(h and other Liquors used in die Diftillation of Spirits \ and on foreign Spirits imported,	[.10th	Jttnt	1811.]

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majeily’s most dutiful and loyal Subjedts the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards railing the Supplies to defray Your Majelly's necessary Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties of Excife hereinafter mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beieprli Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Mod E'icillent Majesty, by and with the Advice and C011-

(	fent

V

AJXiSit*

GEO. III.	C.	ijj

tent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and to the Duties on Waih Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, over and abpve ajl *»nd Spirits. Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by any A& or A fits of Parliament, the several additional Duties of Excif? hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay.

For every Gallon of Wort or Wadi brewed or made in jEngland, Duties, for extruding Spirits for Home Confumption from any Malt, Com#

Grain or Tuts, or any Mixture with the fame, which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven* or brewed or made after that Day, an additional Duty of Four Pence Halfpenny s

For eveiy Gallon Engli/h Wine Meafure of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proofs made of* diddled from Com or Grain in Scotland, and brought fixup thence into England, an additional Duty of Two Shillings;

Fpr every Gallon Engli/h Wine Meafure of all such Spirits as last aforesaid, of a greater Strength than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum, over and above One tp Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an additional Duty of Two Shillings; and also a further additional Duty, proportioned to the Degree p|

Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength pf Qnp to Ten over Hydrometer Proof:

For every Gallon Engli/h Wine Meafure of all Wort or Waflt brewed or made in any rart or Place in Scotland\ other than the Jiighland Diftrifi, for extracting Spirits for Confumption in Scoff land, from any Malt, Com or Grain, which shall not be aftuaUy distilled into Spirits on or before the said Tenth Day of May Opp thousand eight hundred and eleven, or brewed or made after that Day, an additional Duty of Four Pence:

For every Gallon Engli/h Wine Meafure of all Wort pr Wafh brewed or made in the Highland Diftrift of Scotland, from Barley,

Beer or Bigg, the Growth ot the said Highland District, or from M«ut made from Oats or Barley, Beer or Bigg, the Growth of the said Highlands, for extrading Spirits for Confumption in the said Diftrid, which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or brewed or made after that Day, an additional Duty of Three Pence Halfpenny:

Fbr every Gallon Engli/h Wine Meafure of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher Degree of Strength made or distilled from Com or Grain in England, and imported or brought from thcncc into Scotland, an additional Countervailing Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence Farthing:

For every Gallon Engujh Wine Meafure of Spirits, jiqua Vit£ or Strong Waters, which mall be distilled or made in Ireland and imported into Great Britain, at a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an additional Countervailing Duty of One Shilling and Eleven Pence Three Farthings:

For and upon all such Spirits as last aforesaid, above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Duty in proportion to the Jaft mentioned Duty; and for and upon all such of the said Spirits

A.D.i8n,

is*

C-59-

51* GEO. HI.

Protlfo for Wafti made wider Regulations of 28 G.3. c. 46.

and 45 G. 3. c. 10O.; and for Spirits ferured in Ware-hgul'cs under

43 G. 3. c. 132.

Contents of Stills allowed in England in Diitilla-tion.

Penalty.

fikVptioBi

5:il!s prefnmed t.j '.*•.* kept rcg*a-Li ly a: Work

as shall be sweetened or compounded a like Duty, computed upon the highest Degree of Strength at which such Spirits can be made:

For all Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita or Strong Waters (except Rum the Produce of the British Plantations! imported into Great Britain, and for which the Duties chargeable thereon shall not have been paid on the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or imported after that Day, an additional Duty of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum upon the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Excife imposed for or in respect thereof by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force immediately before the paflizig of this Ad.

II. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Wort or Wafti which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, under and according to the Rules, Regulations and Provilions of Two Ads, the one thereof made in the Twenty eighth, and the other thereof made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefect Majesty, for extraaing Low Wines or Spirits for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, under and according to the Rules, Regulations and Provifions of the said last mentioned Ads for extrading Low Wine* or Spirits for Exportation from thence to England, shall be charged or chargeable with any Duty or Duties by this Ad imposed; nor shall any Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita or Strong Waters imported into Great Britain, and lodged and secured under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Mereliant, in any Warehoufe or Warehouses under the Rules, Regulations and Reftridions required and* provided by an Ad made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehoufe without Payment of Duty, and which shall be taken out for Exportation according to the Rules, Regulations and Reftridions of the said last mentioned Ad, without Payment of Duty, be charged or chargeable with any Duty or Duties by this Ad imposed ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

■ III* And be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Ad, no Perfon or Perfons shall, in that Part of Great Britain called England, make ufc of any Still of less Capacity or Content than Three thousand Gallons for Mthe Extra&ion or Diftillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Wort or Wa(h brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from Melafles or Sugar, on Pain of Forfeiture for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that no Perfon or Perfons shall be fnb-jcCt or liable to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, for or by reafou of his, her or their making or distilling Spirits in any Still of « Capacity or Content less than Three thousand Galions, and which he, (he or they shall, within Three Years immediately preceding the palling of this Ad, have had in his, her or their entered Diftillery, aad which last mentioned Still shall have been by him, her or them, within such Three Years, used, employed and duly entered for the Diftillation of Spirits from Sugar $ any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That every Wafh Still after the working thereof ftiull be commenced aqd been begun for or in the

Extraction

A.p.i8ir.

*57

51° GEO. IIL	C.59.

Extraction or Diftillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Wort or for Three Ca.

Wa(h brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Gnun, or from MelafTea ^endar Moaiha

or Sugar, shall be presumed to be kept regularly in work for and

in the Extraction and Diftillation of Spirits, either from such Worts

or Wafii brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from Me*

lades or Sugar, as the case may require, for the Space of Three

Calendar Months successively at the lead, to be computed from the

Day of the aCtual Commencement of such Workiiig thereof 5 and

no Ferfon or Perfons who shall have begun to work any Wa(h Still

for or in the Extraction or Diftillation of Low Wines or Spirits,

either from Wort or Wasti, brewed or made from Malt,. Coni or

Grain, or from Wort or Wafh, brewed or made from Melaffes or

Sugar, shall be at Liberty to discontinue or withdraw the Etury of

any such Still after the working thereof shall have commenced and

been begun, until the Expiration of the said Term of Three Calendar

Months, to be computed as aforesaid.

V.	And be it further enacted, That every entered Wa(h Still, Still* prefumqi belonging to any Diftiller or Diftiliers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits l® have in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Home Confumption, w* the* from Wort or Wa(h brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or Rates hereiii* from Melaffes or Sugar, as the case may require, during the time mentioned, the fame shall be worked, shall be presumed to have been charged with Wafh, brewed or made either from Malt, Com or Grain, or from Melafles or Sugar, as the case may require, in the Proportion of Three Parts in Four of the Content or Capacity of such Still, including the Head thereof, according to the average Rates hereinafter ex* pressed and specified ; that is to fay, For such time or times as such Wafh Still shall be worked betwixt the Fifteenth Day of November inclusive, in anyone Year, and the Fifteenth Day of May exelusive, . in the next succeeding Year, every such Wafh Still shall be presumed to have been charged with Wafh, brewed or made from Malt, Cora ?r Grain, or from Melaffes or Sugar, as the case may require, at the average Rate of Five Times in every Week at the lead; and for such time or times as the fame shall be worked betwixt the said Fifteenth Day of May inclusive in any one Year, and the Fifteenth Day of November exclusive in the fame Year, every such Wafh Still shall be presumed to have been charged with such Wafh, as the case may require, at the average Rate of Four Times in every Week at the least ; and that every entered Wafh Still belonging to any Diftiller or Diftiliers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits in that Pan of Great Britain called England, for Home Confumption, from Wort or Wafh, brewed or made from Malt, Com or Grain, or from Melafles or Sugar during the time the fame shall be worked, shall be presumed to have been chained with such Wa(hy as the case may require, in the Proportion of Three Parts in Four, of the Content or Capacity of such Still, including the Head thereof, according to the respective average Rates aforesaid : Provided always nevertheless, If Exctft in that if. it shall at any time be made appear by sufficient Proof upon Amount ofjpr*. Oath, to the Satisfa&ion of the Commiflioners of Excife, or any 5PPtlTe‘ Three or more of them in England,(the Sufficiency of such Proof being left to the Judgment of the said Commiflioners) that*the Diffe- produced arises jTence or Excefa in the Amount of the presumptive Charges of the from un*void-Still, beyond the Quantity of Wort, Wafh or other Liquor actually ■ble produced to the Sight of the Officer, was cccafioned or shall have Rel,e**

arifen

J

A.0.i8if,

*S*

Rates for Dtftil-len in Scotland for Home Consumption.

hi what case Licences to DiAiHers m the Highlands to cede.

Dealer In Sent* land removing Spirits.

Permit to ex-prefi tie Strcn9;iu

C.J9*	JI^GEO.	IIL

arisen l>y unavoidable Neceflity, and that all the Wort, Walh and other Liquor worked off at filch Wafh Still was bona Jide produced to the Sight of the Oflfcer, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excife, and they are hereby required to grant to the Owtoer or Owners of such Wa(h Still, such Relief as shall in their Judgment be reasonable and just.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the several and respective , Duties by this or any former Aft imposed, for or in respect of Spirits made or distilled in Scotland for Home Confumption, whether the said Duties be imposed upon the Content or Capacity of the Still or upon the Quantity of Wafh, brewed or made for the Extraction of Spirits or upon the Spirits distilled or computed to be diftilied, shall be payable and paid by each and every Diftiller at and after the following Rates ; that is to fay, Every Diftiller in the Lowlands of Scot* land (nail be charged with and pay at and after the Rate of Sixteen Gallons and a Half of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Plfoof fbr every One Hundred Gallons of Wort or Wafh, by such Diftiller brewed or made in the said Lowlands, from Malt, Corn or Grain, for Confumption in Scotland; and every Dif-tillef in the Highlands of Scotland shall be charged with and pay at and after the Rate of Fifteen Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Waih, by Tach Diftiller brewed or made in the said Highlands, from Malt, Coro Or Grain, for Confumption in the said Highlands ; and every such .Diftiller shall have Credit, and be allowed Permits in manner following 5 that is to fay, for Sixteen Gallons and a Half of Spirits ttf the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of such his, her or their Wort or Wa(h, from Malt, Com or Grain, distilled in the said Lowlands; and for Fifteen Gallons of Spirits at the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of such his, her or thtir Wort or Wafh, from Malt, Corn or Grain distilled in the said Highlands; any thing in this or any other Aft of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Diftiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall have brewed or made and distilled into Spirits, a Quantity of Wort or Wafh from Malt, Barley, Beer or Bigg sufficient to produce Seventy five Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Tun over Hydrometer Proof, for each Cud every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the $till Ot Stills specified or mentioned in the Licence in that Behalf granted to such Diftiller in the said Highlands, computing Fifteen Gauldfls of such Spirits of the Strength aforesaid for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wafh, then and in every such Cafe, the Licence of such Diftiller to make or distil Spirits from Malt, BaHey, Beer ot Bigg, in the laid Highlands, shall cease and determine and be no longer in force.

VIII.	And be it enacted, That no Dealer in Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall feud out or remove from his ot her Stock or Cuftody, nor shall any such Dealer or other Peffon ili Scotland, receive into his or her Stock or Ci^lody for Home Con* futnption, any Brhijh Spirits, unlefB the Permit or Permits accompanying the fame shall truly express the Strength of all fnch Spirit! at the time of the Removal thereof; and all Spirits so removed, sent out or received* unaccompanied with a true and lawful Permit or

51° GEO, IIL

C.59.

*SJ»

How often Officer* of Ex-

mitt* etpreffing the Strength thereof, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and each and every Peiffon so fending out Or receiving the fame, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, over and above all Penalty, other Penalties mid Forfeitures, to Which he or (he is or tnay be liable in or by virtue of any Aft or A6U of Parliament in force at the time of passing this A A, for or in respect of the (ending out or removing of any Spirits Whatsoever without a true atid lawful Permit j any thing in this or in any other Adi contained to thd eontrtny rtottvithftanding.

IX.	And hie k further enacted, That every Officer of Excife in Scotland having under hjs Survey the Stock or Stocks of any entered	.

Dealer or Dealers in Spirits, shall, once in every Thirty Day* at the to tXe Account lead, or oftener if necefffery, take an accurate and true Account of the stock of Quantity and Strength of all Btitijb Spirits in the Stock, Cuftody or Dealers, Poffcffion of every such Dealer, and shall compute the fame to the E*cdiw Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof j and if after making Allowance for the Spirits for which Permits shall have been’ granted since the lad reckoning of the Stock of such Dealer, computing the fame at the Strength aforesaid, it shall be found that the Quantity of Spirits remaining in the PofTeffion of such Dealer (halt exceed the Quantity for which he shall have Credit in the Books of the proper Officer, whether such Credit shall have arisen from what	4

was on hand at the lad preceding Reckoning, or from what may have been lawfully received subsequent thereto, each and every such Excefs shall be deeined and taken to be Spirits received without Permit, and 4 Quantity of Spirits equal thereto fiall and may be seized out of any Part of the Stock Of (uch Dealer by any Offiaer or Officers of Efccife, and the Dealer in whole Stock such Excefs shall be found shall in respect thereof be subject and liable to all the Fines, Penaltj.es and Penalty. Forfeitures to which Perfon9 receiving Spirits unaccompanied with a true and lawful Permit are or may be liable in or by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament.

X.	And be it further enacted, That such qf the additional Duties Duties under by this Aft imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Commiflionen Englands (hail be under the Management of the Commissioners of Ex- oi £*<*1%. ci(e in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management	%

of the Commissioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

XL And be it further enacted. That the said several additional Duties by this Aft imposed shall and may be respectively raised, levied, colkftcd and paid in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the General or Special Means, Ways or Methods by whjch the former Dlities of Excife, for or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities of the fame Sorts or Kinds respectively, were . or might bernifed, levied, collected and paid, and the Goods, Wanes*

Merchandize or Commodities, for or in respect whereof the said additional Duties respectively are by this Aft imposed, shall be, and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reft rift ions and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities were generally or fpedally subject or liable by any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excife in force immediately before the passing of this iry Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture of any Nature or

Kind

How Duties levied, See.

Aft ; and all and ^very

I5tt

A.D.181

Money paid over to Receiver General of Cuftoms, who shall pay it Into Exchequer, to

Penfionssnd Allowances paid in

future out of Confolidated Cuftoms.

Ad nay be repealed, to

/

Additional Duty on Tobacco ma-nufa&ured m Ireund.

C»5S,	51* GEO. IH.

or retfeived frees Officer or Perfon in the Service of Hu Majefly’i Cuftoms, on account or toward* the Support of the laid Fund ; and that, from and after the laid Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the said Fund shall be abolished, and that all Monies that have been received either as Contributions to the laid Fund, or as Fees or Emoluments of Offices in the Cuftoms abo-lifhed and vacant, and which Monies have been either veiled in the Purchafe of Stock Handing in the Books of the Bank of England, in the Names of Richard Frew in f William Roe and Francis Fo*wnes Luttrcll, Esquires, Trustees of the said Fund, or in the Name* of Richard Frewin, William Roe and Augufiut Peehell, Enquires, or remain in the Hands of any Perfons or Perfon whatever, shall be paid over to the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Cuftoms in England, and by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under the Head of Consolidated Cuftoms, for which Purpofe the said Trustees are hereby authorized and required to fell the said Stock, and that all Monies that shall or may have been received or may hereafter be received by any Perfon or Perfons whatever, as such Contributions and at Fees or Emol.umente of Offices in the Cuftoms abdifhed and vacant, and which shall remain in the Hands or may come into the Hands of any such Perfon or Perfons, shall be paid to the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Cuftoms in England % and by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under the Head of Confolidated Cuftoms; and that all Payments, Penfions and Superannuations, or retired Allowances to Perfons, in respect of their having held any Office or Offices, or Employment or Employments in the Cuftoms, heretofore paid out of the said Fund, or charged on the Ring’s Share of Seizures, ihall be paid out of Confolidated Cuftoms, and be charged to the Account of the Incidents of the Cuftoms ; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enabled, That this Ad may be varied, altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this present Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LVI.

Ad to grant additional Duties of Excife on Tobacco manufactured in Ireland.	[10th	June	1811.]

• Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjcds, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necefTary Supplies to defray Your Majesty’s public Expenees in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties of Excife hereinafter mentioned, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King’s fl/Toft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTemblcd, and bj the Authority of the fame, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, Ills Heirs and SuccefTors, for and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco which, at any time from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall be manufadured in Ireland in any manner, to I* charged cm the Perfon manufaduring the fame or taking any Part

thereof

A.D.i8it.	GEO.	Ilf.	C

thereof out of the origiaai Package, for the whole Quantity tot* t*ine<i in such Package (*s exmeffed io the Permit by virtue of which the Package was conveyed to the Manufacturer) at the time when the fame shall be opened* an JLxcife Duty of Eight Fence British Currency* in addition to all other Duties of Cuftoms or Excite now payable on any such Tobacco, under or by virtue of any Aft or Aftr. in force in Ireland.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the bid Inland or Excife pay*M» on Duty on Tobacco imposed by this Aft shall be payable on all To- ukw^tof hacco not taken out of the original padfage which shall be in the origindPackagci Hands of any Manufafturer or Manufafturers ojr other Perfon qr

Perfons in Ireland at any tipie on or after thp said first Day of

June One fhoufand eight hundred and eleven, and shall be a Charge

on such Manufafturer or Manufafturers, or on the Perfon or t’erfona

taking such Tobacco out of the original Package, at the time when

such Tobacco or any Part thereof shall be io taken out'; and the Returns tfifach

Surveyors, Gaugers or other Officers of the Revenue, (hall* within Tobacco made

Ten Days after the passing of this Aft, make Retprn or Reports DutI P**"

in Writing to the Colleftors in their nefpeftive Diitri&a of fuch

Duty as (nail have then become due and payable by virtue of this

Aft, and of the Perfons chargeable therewith in such Diftrift re-

fpe&ively ; and that such Returns or Reports shall be a Cham on

all such Perfons* and shall be paid by such Perfons to the Coueftor

of the Diftrifet within Seven Days after any such Return or Report,

or in Defanlt thereof all such Tobacco (halt be forfaited and famed; penalty.

and every Manufafturer or Perfon who shall make Default therein

shall, for every such Default* forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds* and

also One Shilling for every Pound Weight of Tobacco contained in

such original Package.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies anting from the Duty carried to Duties by this Aft grunted, the necessary Charges of coilefting and Confolldated paying the fame being dedusted, shall be carried to and made Part of Fun<1 ° in * the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Duties Aft granted and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Aft, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, re. ’ev . covered and applied in such manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such Rules and Direftions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as ane appointed, directed and expressed for the railing, collesting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties, or for the Recovery of

any Penalties or Forfeitures* in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King	Car\?*

Charles the Second, intituled, An A3 for settling the Excife or ' '« ell. 4. c.o. new Imbojl upon His MojeJy, his Heirs or Suceejfors* according Io the Bock of Rales therein inserted ; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of H*s present Majetiy’s Reign, intituled. An AH 46 G. 3. c. ic4. to provide for the better Execution of the several Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Com• vnjfwners of Cujloms and Port Duties, and of the CommsJJioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland ; or in Qr by any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Cuiloma and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Pnrpofes

L 4	as

t

A.D.i8ii

Ifft	C.56* 57, 58. 51° GEO, III,

as if the fame were herein expressed and' enacted, with the Hke Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as it and by the said recited Aft made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Hie late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Aft or Afts as aforeiaid provided.

Aft may be re-	V. And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered,

pealed, &c.	amended or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be made in this prefent

Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LVII.

An Aft to amend an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of . His present Majesty*s Reign, for encouraging the Export of $ahed Bepf and Pork from Ireland.	[10th June 1811.]

470. 3. SelT.a, f YT7HEREAS by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year o£ ci ie. §i, - t \\ His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An AQ for encourage t ing the Export of Salted Beef and Pork from Ireland, it is enacted, f that no. Doty whatever shall be paid or payable on the Export 9 from Ireland to * any Place whatever of any salted Beef or Pork

*	falted in Ireland, but that all Beef and Pork salted in Ireland shall 9 and may be exported free to any Place whatever, and without Pay-

$ 2. f meqt ox any Cuftom, Subfidy or Duty whatsoever; and that upon f the Exportation from Ireland to any Place except Great Britain,

*	of any Beef or Pork salted in Ireland, there mall be paid and t allowed to the Exporters of such Beef or Pork an Allowance or 4 Bounty in the Nature of a Drawback for and in respect of the f Duties charged upon the Salt used in faking of such Beef or Pork,

4 after the Rate of Ten Pence for each and every One hundred 4 Pounds Weight thereof 5 and it is expedient that the Provifions of 4 the said Aft fhoiild extend to Tongues, Hams and Bacon salted 4 in IrelandBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

fttc»4ed to *nd by the Authority of the feme, That, from and after the Ex-Tongues, Hams piration of Ten Days after the puffing of this Aft, all the Clauses, tnd Bacon salted Provisions, Rules ^nd Regulations in the said recited Aft contained, in Ireland, &c. shall extend and be conilrucd to extend to all Tongues, Hams and Bacon failed in Ireland, and exported from thence, and that such Tongues, Hams and Bacon shall and may be exported free to any Place whatever; and that on the Exportation of any fuph Tongues, Hams or Bacon from Ireland, tp any Place except Great Britain, such and the like Amount of Allowance dr Bpunty in the Nature of Drawback, shall be paid and allowed to the Exporter thereof, and in like manner and under the like Rules, Regulations and Provisions, as by the said recited Aft is provided with respect to Beef and Pork salted in Ireland, and as if Tongues, Hams and Bacon had been mentioned in the said recited Aft.

C A P. LVIII.

An Aft to allow the free Importation between Great Britain and Ireland of Home-made Chocolate; to prohibit the Importation’ of Foreign Chocolate into Ireland so long as the

fame

51* GEO. III.

C.58.

ISJ

fame shall Be prohibited in Great Britain; and to grant certain D ivies on Cocoa Nuts imported into Ireland.

[loth June 1811.]

*	TXT^EREAS a Duty of Two Shillings is imposed by Law 4 VV in Great Britain> ior every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of

*	Irijb Cocoa, Cocoa Pafte or Chocolate imported into Great Eri-4 tain, and an equivalent Drawback of Two Shillings is allowed on 4 Chocolate of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported to Ire-4 land, but no Duty or Drawback whatever is imposed or allowed 4 in Ireland on the Importation of Chocolate of the Manufacture 4 of Great Britain, or on the Exportation to Great Britain of Cho-4 colate of the Manufacture of Ireland: And whereas by the Laws 4 in force in Great Britain the Importation of Chocolate from fo-4 reign Parts is prohibited in Great Britain: And whereas it is

*	deferable to allow a free Intercourse between Great Britain and 4 Ireland of Chocolate made in either Country, without Duty or

*	Drawback on the Import and Export thereof from the one Coun-4 try to the other, ana to prohibit the Import of Chocolate into 4 Ireland from foreign Parts beyond the Sea, and that the Duties 4 on Cocoa Nuts imported into Ireland should be assimilated to those 4 in Great Britain ;9 Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par. liament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Act, all Duties imposed and payable by virtue of any Adt or AcL in force at the time of the palling of this A6t upon Chocolare of the Manufacture of Ireland, or upon Irijb Cocoa, Cocoa Palte, or Chocolate imported into Great Britain, and all Drawbacks payable or allowable by virtue of any such ACt or ACts on Chocolate of the Manufa&ure of Great Britain exported to Ireland, shall cease and determine and be no longer paid or payable or allowed or allowable refpeCtively; any thing in any Act or Ads to the contrary notwithHanding.

4 II. And whereas Chocolate not being of the Manufacture of 4 Ireland is prohibited by Law from being imported into Great 4 Britain Be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this ACt, and during such time as the Importation of foreign Chocolate shall be prohibited in Great Britain, it shall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to import into Ireland any Chocolate whatever, except of the Manufacture of Great Britain ; and that if any Perfon shall import qr bring into any Part of Ireland any Chocolate not being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, all such Chocolate shall be forfeited and may be seized ; any ACt or ACts in force at the tjme -of the palling of this Act to the contrary notwith-it an ding.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, there shall l}e raised, levied, collected and paid unto and to the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for, upon and in respect of every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts imported into Ireland, the several and respective Sums and Duties of Cuftoms following ; that is to fay,

Of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any Britifb Colony nr Plantation in America, imported into Ireland, the Sum of Two Shillings and Two Pence British Currency :

IXuics and Drawback* on Cli-xol of Home M mufac-tuKc. 10 ceuic.

None but C!u>-co »i: *«t B tti:h Manut -01111 e to be isn.HH'iediuto lithsid.

Duties on l«n-portion ot Cojoa Nuts iuto Ireland.

Duties.

A J3«i8i i*

1*4

C.58,59.

GEO. IQ*

Drawback*

Duties and Drawbacks and Forfeitures how levied and paid.

Of Cocoa Nuts imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the EaJI In diet, and imported into Ireland according to Law, tne Sum of Two Shillings and Four Pence Briti/h Currency :

Of all other Cocoa Nuts imported into Ireland\ the Sum of Three Shillings and Four Pence British Currency:

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity :

Which Duties shall be in lieu and full Satisfadlion of all Duties pay. able in Ireland upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts under any Adi or Adis of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad ; and that, from and after the palling of tliii Adi, upon the Exportation of Cocoa Nuts from Ireland a Draw, back after the Rate cf Two Shillings and Two Pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois thereof /hall be paid and allowed, in like manner and under such Rules and Regulations as Drawbacks arc payable in other cases ; and that upon the Exportation from Iret land (except to Great Britain) of any Chocolate made in Ireland of Cocoa Nuts which shall have been imported into Ireland, and for which the above Duties shall have been paid, and which shall he duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, there shall be paid and allowed a Bounty, in the nature of a Drawback, of Two Shillings Briti/h Currency for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of any fudi Chocolate.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That the several Rates and Duties and Drawbacks hereby granted and allowed, and all Forfeitures by this Adi imposed, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, allowed and applied, and be recovered and recoverable in the fame manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and under such Rules and Diredtions as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying, allowing and applying or recovering of Duties and Drawbacks pay. able on Goods, Wares and Merchandizes imported into and exported from Ireland refpcdlively, and of all Forfeitures in rcfpe& thereof in and by any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effedlually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the said Powers and Authorities, Rules and Diredlions, Penalties and Forfeitures were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and from the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by any luck Adi or Adis as aforesaid is given and provided.

C A P. LIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excife on Wafh and other Liquors uled in the Diftillation of Spirits; and on foreign Spirits imported.	[10th	t/iwv	1811.]

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majeity’s molt dutiful and loyal Subjedls the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies to defray Your Majelly’s necessary Expeaces, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties of Excife hereinafter mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Knig’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

fent

AJXiSiU

*55

510 GEO. III.	C.59.

lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons* in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That there /hall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and to the Dutirs on Waih Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, over and above ajl **nd Spirit*. Duties already imposed for or in rcfpeCt thereof by any && or A&s of Parliament, the several additional Duties of Excifc hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay.

For every Gallon of Wort or Wafli brewed or made in England, Dutir*. for extrading Spirits for Home Confumption from any Malt, Com#

Grain or Tilts, pr any Mixture with the fame, which shall not be actually di(tilled into Spirits on or before the Tenth Day of May Owe thou fa nd eight hundred and eleven* or brewed or made after that Day, an additional Duty of Four Pence Halfpenny s For every Gallon Englt/b Wine Meafure ot Spirits of a Strength cot exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof,^ made Qf* distilled from Corn or Grain in Scotland, and brought from thence into England, an additional Duty of Two Shillings;

Fpr every Gallon Englt/b Wine Meafure of au such Spirits as last aforesaid, of a greater Strength than One to Ten over Hydrpmeter Proof, and not exceeding Three j>er Centum, over and above One tq Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an additional Duty of Two Shillings; and also a further additional Duty, proportioned to the Degree pf Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength pf Qn< to Ten over Hydrometer Proof:

For eyery Gallon Engltih Wine Meafure of all Wort or Waflt brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland\ other than the Highland District, for extracting Spirits for Confumption in Scvh land, from any Malt, Com or Grain, which shall not he actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said Tenth Day of May Onp thousand eight hundred and eleven, or brewed or made after that Day, an aoditional Duty of Four Pence:

For every Gallon Englt/b Wine Meafure of all Wort or Wa(h brewed or made in the Highland DiftriCi of Scotland, from Barley,

Beer or Bigg, the Growth of the said Highland DiftriCfc, or from Malt made from Oats or Barley, Beer or Bigg, the Growth of the said Highlands, for extracting Spirits for Confumption in the said DiftriCt, which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or brewed or made after that Day, an additional Duty of Three Pence Halfpenny:

Fbr every Gallon Englt/b Wine Meafure of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher Degree of Strength made or distilled from Corn or Grain in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, an additional Countervailing Duty of Two Shillings and Three Perce Farthing:

For every Galloji Englt/b Wine Meafure of Spirits, j4qua Vita or Strong Waters, which shall be distilled or made in Ireland and imported into Great Britain, at a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an additional Countervailing Duty, of One Shilling and Eleven Pence Three Farthings;

For and upon all such Spirits as lad aforesaid, above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Duty in proportion to the |aft mentioned Duty; and for pnd upon all such of the said Spirits

as

A.D.i8n.

C-sp.

51* GEO. HI.

Provlfo for , ^Valh made under Regulations of 28 G.3. c. 46.

and 45 G. 3. c. ioo.; and for Spirit* fee 11 red in Ware* hguics under 43 G.3.C.13*.

Contents of Still* a 1 lowed in England in Diitilla* tion.

Penalty.

Exception.

Stills presumed i.i nr kept regale ly a: \Vork

as shall be sweetened or compounded a like Duty, comp the highest Degree of Strength at which such Spirits can be maefe :

For all Ram, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Pit* or Strong Waters (except Rum the Produce of the British Plantations) imported into Great Britain, and for which the Duties chargeable thereon shall not have been paid on the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or imported after that Day, an additional Duty of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum upon the Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Excife imposed for or in respect thereof by any A d or Ads of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Ad.

II. Provided always nerertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Wort or Walh which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, under and according to the Rules, Regu-iations and Provilions of Two Ads, the one thereof made in the Twenty eighth, and the other thereof made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extra&ing Low Wines or Spirits for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, under and according to the Rules, Regulations and Provifions of the said last mentioned Ads for extrading Low Wines or Spirits for Exportation from thence to England, shall be charged or cnargeable with any Duty or Duties by this Ad imposed ; nor shall any Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vit* or Strong Waters imported into Great Britain, and lodged and secured under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Mereliant, in any Warehoufe or Warehoufes under the Rules, Regulations and Reftridions required and- provided by an Ad made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled. An AS for permitting certain Goode imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehoufe without Payment of Duty, and which shall he taken out for Exportation according to the Rules, Regulations and Reftridions of the said last mentioned Ad, without Payment of Duty, be charged or chargeable with any Duty or Duties by this Ad imposed ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding,

* III* And be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Ad, no Perfon or Perfons shall, in that Part of Great Britain called England, make ufc of any Still of less Capacity or Content than Three thousand Gallons for the Extradion or Diftillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Wort or Walh brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from Melafles or Sugar, on Pain of Forfeiture for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that no Perfon or Perfons shall be fub-jcCt or liable to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, for or by reason of his, her or their making or distilling Spirits in any Still of a Capacity or Content less than Three thousand Galions, and which ho, Ihe or they shall, within Three Years immediately preceding the palling of this Ad, have had in his, her or their entered Diftitlery, and which last mentioned Still shall have been by him, her or them, within such Three Years, used, employed and duly entered for the Diftillation of Spirits from Sugar $ any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife tiotwithftanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Walh Still after the working thereof '(hall be commenced and been begun for or in the

Extraction

iS7

51® GEO. III.	C.5	9.

Ext ration or Diftillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Wort or for Three Ca.

Wafti brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from Melafles kndar Month*

or Sugar, shall be presumed to be kept regularly in work for and

in the Extra&ion and Diftillation of Spirits, either from such Worts

or Wafh brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from Me*

lafles or Sugar, as the case may require, for the Space of Three

Calendar Months successively at the least, to be computed from the

Day of the actual Commencement of such Working thereof5 and

no Perfon or Perfons who shall have begun to work any Wafh Still

for or in the Extra&ion or Diftillation of Low Wines or Spirits,

either from Wort or Wafh, brewed or made from Malt, Coni or

Grain, or from Wort or Wafh, brewed or made from Melafles or

Sugar, shall be at Liberty to difcontiuue or withdraw the Entry of

any such Still after the working thereof shall have commenced and

been begun, until the Expiration of the said Term of Three Calendar

Months, to be computed as aforesaid.

V.	And be it further enabled. That every entered Wafti Still, Still* presumed belonging to any Diftiller or Diftiliers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits l® bave b^eJ| in that Part of Great Britain called England^ for Home Confumplion, from Wort or Wafh brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Gram, or i<ate* herein^ from Melafles or Sugar, as the case may require, during the time mentioned, the fame shall be worked, shall be presumed to bave been charged with Wafh, brewed or made either from Malt, Com or Grain, or from Melafles or Sugar, as the case may require, in the Proportion of Three Parts in Four of the Content or Capacity of such Still, including the Head thereof, according to the average Rates hereinafter expelled and specified ; that is to {ay, For such time or times as such Wafh Still shall be worked betwixt the Fifteenth Day of November indofive, in any one Year, and the Fifteenth Day of May exelusive, in the next fucceediog Year, every such Walh Still shall be presumed to have been charged with Wafh, brewed or made from Malt, Cora #r Grain, or from Melafles or Sugar, as the case may require, at the average Rate of Five Times in every Week at the least ; and for such time or times as the fame shall be worked betwixt the said Fifteenth Day of May inclusive in any one Year, and the Fifteenth Day of November exclusive in the fame Year, every such Wafti Still shall be presumed to have been charged with such Wafh, as the case may require, at the average Rate of Four Times in every Week at the least ; and that every entered Wafh Still belonging to any Diftiller or Diftiliers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Home Confumption, from Wort or Walh, brewed or made from Malt, Com or Grain, or from Melafles or Sugar during the time the fame shall be worked, fhali be presumed to have been charged with such Wafh, as the case may require, in the Proportion of Three Parts in Four, of the Content or Capacity of such Still, including the Head thereof, according to the respective average Rates aforesaid : Provided always nevertheless. If	Iin

that if it shall at any time be made appear by fu£5cicnt Proof upon Amount ofpe* Oath, to the Satisfaction of the Commiflioners of Excife, or any tynpri**

Three or more of them in England, (the Sufficiency of such Proof being left to the Judgment of the said Commiflioners) that.the Diffe- Reduced arife*7 ,rence or Excef9 in the Amount of the presumptive Charges of the from uruvoid. Still, beyond the Quantity of Wort, Wafh or other Liquor actually *We Neceffijy^ produced to the Sight of the Officer, was occalioqed or shall have Rc’,ct

arisen

A.0.i8ir.

158	C.59.	51*	GEO.	IIL

Rates for DiftiU len in Scotland for Home C»«-fnmptionu

hi what case Licences to DiAiUers m the Highlands to stale.

Deafer hi Sent* land removing Spirit*.

Permit to cx-|*refs t’.e Strena::i.

arisen J>y unavoidable Neceffity, and that all the Wort, Wafh and other Liquor worked off at such Wafh Still was bona Jide produced to the Sight of the Officer, then aftd in every such case it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners of Excife, and they are hereby required to grant to the Owlier or Owners of such Wafh Still, such Relief as shall in their Judgment be reasonable and just.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this or any former Adi imposed, for or in refpedfc of Spirits made or distilled in Scotland for Home Confumption, whether the said Duties be impdfed upon the Content or Capacity of the Still or upon the Quantity of Wafh, brewed or made for the Extra&ion of Spirits or upon the Spirits distilled or computed to be diftilied, shall be payable and paid by each and every Diftiller at and after the following Rates 5 tnat is to fay, Every Diftiller in the Lowlands of Scot* land mail be charged with and pay at and after the Rate of Sixteen Gallons and a Half of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof for every One Hundred Gallons of Wort or Wafh, by such Diftiller brewed or made in the said Lowlands, from Malt, Corn or Grain, for Confumption in Scotland; and every Diftiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall be charged with and pay at and after the Rate of Fifteen Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wafh, by laeh Diftiller brewed or made in the said Highlands, from Malt, Corn or Grain, for Confumption in the said Highlands ; and every such Diftiller shall have Credit, and be allowed Permits in manner following ; that is to fay, for Sixteen Gallons and a Half of Spirits Of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of such his, her or their Wort or Wafh, from Malt, Com or Grain, distilled in the said Lowlands; and for Fifteen Gallons of Spirits Of the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of such his, her or their Wort or Wafh, from Malt, Corn or Grain distilled in the said Highlands; any thing in this or any other A6t of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further ena&eri, That when and so soon as any Diftiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall have brewed or made and distilled into Spirits, a Quantity of Wort or Wafh from Malt, Barley, Beer or Bigg sufficient to produce Seventy five Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each dnd every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the £till tor Stills specified or mentioned in the Licence in that Behalf granted to such Diftiller in the said Highlands, computing Fifteeu Gallons of such Spirits of the Strength aforesaid for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wafh, then and in evciy such Cafe, the Licence of such Diftiller to make or distil Spirits from Malt, Barley, Beer or Bigg, in the said Highlands, shall ccafe and determine and be no longer in force.

VIII.	And be it enabled, That no Dealer in Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall feud out or remove from his or her Stock or Cuftody, nor shall any such Dealer or other Feffon ia Scotland, receive into his or her Stock or Cuftody for Home Con-futnption, any British Spirits, unless the Permit or Permits accom* panying the fame flinll truly express the Strength of all such Spirit! at the time of the Removal thereof; and all Spirits so removed, lent out or received, unaccompanied with a true and lawful Permit of Per*

ADaStt.

51* GEO, IIL

C-J9*

*5*

mils, expressing the Strength thereof, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and etch and every Perfon so fending1 out dr receiving the fame, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, over and above all Penalty, other Penalties and Forfeitures, to which he or (he is or may be liable in or by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force at the time of passing this Aft, for or in respect of the fending out or removing of any Spirits whatsoever without a tftte and lawful Permit; any thing in this or in any other Aft Contained to th£ contrary itottvith (landing.

IX.	And be it furth«r entsted, That every Officer of Excife in How often Scotland^ having under his Survey the Stock or Stocks of any entered °^C9rt°f E*-Dealer or Dealers in Spirits, shall, once in every Thirty Days at the touke Account kaft, or oftener if neeeflanr, take an accurate and true Account of the st^ Quantity and Strength of all British Spirits in the Stock, Cuftody or Dealers, Pbfleffion of every such Dealer, and shall compute the fame to the Excdi* Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof j and if after making Allowance for the Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted (ince the last reckoning of the Stock of such Dealer, computing the fame at the Strength aforesaid, it shall be found that the Quantity of Spirits remaining in the PoffefSon of such Dealer shall exceed the Quantity for which he shall have Credit in the Books of the proper Officer, whether such Credit shall have arisen from what	*

was on hand at the tail preceding Reckoning, or from what may have been lawfully received fubfequeUt thereto, each and every such Excefs shall be deefaed and taken to be Spirits received without Permit, and $

Quantity of Spirits equal thereto fiall and may be (eized out of any ran of the Stock Of such Dealer by any Officer or Officers of Ekcife, and the Dealer in whose Stock such Excefs shall be found shall in respect thereof be subject and liable to all the Fines, Penalties and Penalty. Forfeitures* to which Perfona receiving Spirits unaccompanied with a true and lawful Permit are or may be liable in or by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament.

X.	And be it further enacted, That such qf the additional Duties Duties under by this Aft imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Commiffioner* Englandt shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Ex- Exdi* cife in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in

that Part of Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management	t

of the Cotartiiffiohers of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the said several additional Duties by this Aft imposed shall and may be respectively raised, levied, coucftcd and paid in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the General or Special Means, Ways or Methods by whjcli the former Dirties of Excife, for or in respect of Goods, WareB, Merchandize or Commodities of the fame Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected and paid, and the Goods, Wanes*

Merchandize or Commodities, for or in respect whereof the said additional Duties respectively are by this Aft imposed, shall be, and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every .the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftriftions and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities were generally or specially subject or liable by any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excife in force immediately before the palling of this Aft; and all and ^very Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture of any Nature or

-	Kind

How Dutteo levied, Sac.

it

i6p	C. 59.	51*	GEO.	Ill*

Kind whatever, committed again ft or in Breach of any A& or Adi of Parliament for securing the Duties of Excife, or any of them, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, in force immediately before the palling of this Alt, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions, therein contained, shall and the fame refpeCtively are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be refpeCtively applied, praCtifed and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several additional Duties of Excife by this A Ct imposed, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if all and every the said ACts, Clauses, Provilions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in the Body of this Ad.

• 4 Xli. And whereas Handing Contracts may have been made before 4 the said Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, 4 by licensed Diftillers and Makers of Spirits, Tor Briii/b Spirits to be 4 delivered after that Day ; and (landing Contracts may .have been 4 also made before that Day, by licensed Dealers in Spirits for foreign 4 Spirits, for or in respect whereof an additional Duty is by this Aft 4 imposed, to be delivered after that Day Be it therefore enacted, Duty added to That all and every such licensed Diftillers and Makers of Spirits, Spirit* delivered delivering such jBriii/b Spirits after the said Tenth Day of May ^erComradt One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall be allowed to add so Mav 10/1811 lnuc^ Money as will be equivalent to the additional Duties by this *	*	ACt	imposed, for or in respect of the Wort or Walh from whence

such Briti/b Spirits were extracted or made, to the Price thereof, and ihall be entitled by virtue of this ACt to demand, recover and be paid the fame accordingly ; and all and every such licensed Dealers in Spirits, delivering Inch foreign Spirits after that Day, in pursuance of any such Contract, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the additional Duties by this ACt imposed, and which such Dealer or Dealert shall actually have paid for or in respect of such foreign Spirits, to the Price thereof, and shall be eutitled by virtue of this ACt to demand, recover and be paid the lame accordingly.

Application of XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies anting by the said additional Duties.(the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, distinctly and apart .	from	all other Branches of the publick Revenues; and that there

shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the Monies srifing from the said refpcCtive additional Duties and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, dial] be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, jipon any Account whatever, and the said Monies shall be deemed a permanent Incrcafe to the publick Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpofe of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any ACt palled or to be faffed iu the present Scffiun of Parliament.

CAP.

A.D.1811.

51® GEO. m. CAP. LX.

C.60.

iSr

An Ad to repeal the Duties of Stamps on Hats made in Ire* land, and on Licences to Perfons to manufadure Hats, or to utter or vend Hats in Ireland, and all Regulations for securing the said Duties.	[10th June 1811.]

*	\T7’HEREAS certain Duties of Stamps are payable qd Hats 4 VY made in Ireland, and on Licences to Perfons to manufadpre

*	Hats, and on Licences to Perfons to utter or vend Hats in Ireland ; 1 and the Colledion of such Duties is regulated by certain Adsrof

*	Parliament in force in Ireland, and it is expedient that the (hid

*	Duties and Regulations should be repealed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted: and be it enacted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice ana Confent of the Lords. Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, iu this present Parliament aisembled, and by the Authority of the fame* That, from and after the pading of this Ad, an Ad made in the Forty third Year of His present Majcfty’s Reign, intituled, An AS for granting to His MajeJly certain Duties on Licences to Perfons felling Hats, and on Hats fold by Retail in Ireland; and also so much of an Ad made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty *s Reign, intituled, An AS to repeal the federal Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof \ and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, as imposes any Duty on any Licence to any Perfon so manufa&uring any Hats or to utter or vend any Hats in any Plaoe in Ireland; and also so much of an Ad made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty *s Reign, intituled, An AS to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof \ and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Irelaud, as authorizes the granting Licences to any Perfons to manufacture Hats or to £ell Hats by Retail, or the receiving any Statements or the granting any Permits for removing Hats; ana also so much of an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majelty’s Reign, intituled, An AS to repeal certain Duties of Excife^ and also certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant certain new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, as imposes any Duty on any Hats uttered, vended or fold, by any Perfon or Perfons in Ireland, or authorizes the granting of any Licence to fell Hats by Wholesale, or requires any Bon4 to be given by Perfons licensed to manufadure or tell Hats, or by Perfons importing Hats for Sale, or imposes any Penalties on Perfons refusing or neglecting to enter into such Bond, or as requires any Permit or Permits for the Removal of Hats, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed; and all such Duties shall, from and after the passing ot this Ad, cease and determine, and shall be no longer paid or payable; and the laid Regulations, or any Regulations for the like Purpofe in any other Ad or Ada for the Purpofe of colleding or regulating the laid Duties, shall be no longer put in Effed; the said recited Ads, or any thing iu them or any of them, or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland\ contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftmnding.

5k Gao. III.	M	CAP.

43 0.3. c. 22» repealed.

47 G. 3. SeflT. 1. c. 30. in part

46G.3.C. 64. in part

47 G. 3. SefT 2. c. 14. in part * repealed.

ji'GEO.m,

AJQ.iSn.

16%

C•tff*

CAP. LXT.

An A€t for charging the Sum of Seven millions five hundred thousand Founds, raised for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, upon the Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the ptefent War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

[ioth June i8ti.]

< YT THE REAS it 19 expedient that the Loan raised for the Ser-

*	VV vice of Great Britain for the present Year, should be charged

*	upon, the several Duties granted to His Majesty during the Con-

*	tinuance of the present War, and until certain Periods after the

*	Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, except the Duties

46	G. 3. c.65. € granted by an Ad of the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty’s Reign,

*	intituled, An AS for granting to His Majesty during the present War, 4 and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a 4 Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in 4 Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits nrifing from Pro-

*	Profejfionsy	Trades	and Offices; and for repealing an A3

4 payed in the Forty fifth Tear of His present Majesty, for repealing 4 certain Parts of an Ad made in the Forty third Tear of His prefent

4	Majejly, for granting a Contribution op the Profits arijtng from Pro-

5	perty, Profejnons, Trades and Offices ; and to consolidate and render 4 more effectual the Provifions for colie Bing the said Duties: And

,	4 whereas the several Duties of Excife granted to His Majesty by

43 G. 3. c8j. 4 an Ad pasted in the Forty third Year of His present Maiefty’s

*	Reign, intituled, An Ad for granting to His Majesty, untill twelve 4 Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, cer-4 tain additional Duties of Excife itt Great Britain; and by another

460.3.0.39. s Ad parfed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, inti-

*	tuled, An Ad for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months 4 after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional 4 Duties of Excife on Tobacco and Snuff] were, by an AS pasted in the

47	G. 3. Sett 1. « Forty seventh Year of His present maiefty’s Reign, intituled, An

€ Ad for charging the Sum of Twelve millions, Part of the Loan of 4 Twelve millions two hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service 4 of Great Britain for the Tear One thousand eight hundred and seven,

*	upon the Duties of Cujloms and Excife granted to His Majesty during 4 the Continuance of the prfint I Par, and for certain Periods after the 4 Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and for providing a 4 Sinking Fund for the Redemption of the Stocks or Funds thereby

490.3. & 90. 4 created, and by another Ad pasted in the Forty ninth Year of Hw ‘ present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Ad for charging the Sum of 4 Eleven millions raifedfor the Service of Great Britain, for the Tear 4 One thousand eight hundred and nine, and the Sum of Seven millions 4 nine hundred and thirty two thousand one hundred Pounds in Excbt-

*	quer Bills, funded pursuant to an Ad of this Sdfion of ParUajaeut, 4 upon the Duties granted to Hie Majesty during the Continuance of the 4 present War, and for certain periods after the Ratification of a Defi•

*	nkive Treaty of Peace, further granted apd continued for such further

*	Term or Terms, and in fiich Proportions, after the Expiration of 4 the laid Period, as are directed in the said recited A#** And

* whereas

AD. it 11.

ji* GEO-III.	G.6u	i<f$

4 whereas as Ad was made » the Forty seventh Year of the Reign 47 G.$. Ssff * 4 of Hisj) refen t Majesty, intituled, An A3for granting to His Majejfy, c*

4 until Twelve Months after the Rectification of a Definitive Treaty of 4 Peace, certain additional Duties of Excife on Brandy in Great Sn-4 tain: And whereas for making an effectual Provifioji for defraying 4 the Charge occasioned by the laid Loan of Seven millions five nun- .

4 dred thousand Pounds, it is expedient that the Duties of Excife

4 granted by the {aid Ads of the Forty third, Forty sixth and Forty

4 seventh Years of His present Majelty’s Reign, should be further

4 continued for fnch limited Term, and in iuch Proportions and

4 Manner as in this Ad is directed Be it therefore enacted by the

King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Duties of Excifs

laid fevenal Duties of Excife shall be and the lame are hereby further continued.

continued, and shall be payable to and for the Ufe of His Majesty,

hjs Heirs and Succefiors, for such further Term or Terras, and m

fach Proportions after the Expiration of the said Periods, and in

such manner as hereinafter is directed concerning the fame*

II.	And be it further enacted, That, in order to defray the Chatge Appropriation of oecafioned by the Sum of Seven millions five hundred thousand 4o6pooL Pounds, Part of the Loan of Twelve millions, contracted to be yearly, out of raised for the Service of the present Year, there shall, during the Continuance of the present War, and until Six Months after the Ra-tification pf a Definitive Treaty of Peace, be fet apart at the Receipt of Exchequer in England\ and appropriated to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, quarterly or otherwise, as the said Charge may from time to time be incurred or become due, out of the Produce of any of the Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and until certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, which may from time to time be remaining in the Exchequer, except the Duties granted by as Ad palled in the Forty sixth Year of His present Maiefty’s 46 G. 3. c.fi* Reign, intituled, An A3 for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peaces further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Profejfions, Trades and Offices i and for repealing an A3 passed in the Forty fifth Tear of Hi* present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an A3 made in the Forty third Tear of His present Majefiy* for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Pro-fejions, Trades and Offices ; and to consolidate and render more effeSual the Prov'tfions for colteffing tbefaid Duties ; notwithstanding any other Appropriation of the said Duties by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force, but subject tp the Charge created thereon by the said recited Ads passed in the Forty seventh and Forty ninth 47 g, 3. SeC t,

1 ears of His present Majesty, the dear annual Sum of Four hun- c.55. dred and sixty fix thousand Pounds, which annual Sum shall be deemed 49	3*	«■	9**

an Addition made to the Confolidated Fund of Great Britainf for the Purpofe of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Ad or Ads passed or to be passed in the present Seffion of Parliament, • in respect of the find Sum of Seven millions five hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Loan of Twelve millions granted for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

M a	III. And

i <54

C.61.

A.D.i8n

In what case Duties of Excife continued.

« Certain Powers of A&s continued ill force.

Forging Certificates or Orders.

51° GEO. m.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if no other Provifion shall have been made by Parliament for defraying the annual Charge occa-fioned by the said Sum of Seven millions five hundred thousand Pounds, from and after the Expiration of the said Period of Six Months from and after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Duties of Excife granted or continued to His Majesty by the above recit d Afts, or to much and such Part or Parts or Proportions thereof respectively, as shall not previously have been repealed or discontinued by any Aft or Afts of Parliament, shall thenceforth be further continued, and be payable to and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors; and so much thereof as shall amount to the Sum of Four hundred and sixty fix thousand Pounds, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpofe of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by the said Sum of Seven millions five hundred thousand Pounds, until some other Provifion shall be made by Parliament for defraying the said Charges; and in case the e shall be any Remainder of the Monies anfingby the said Duties, after defraying the said Charges, such Remainder or Surplus shall, until the fame shall be discontinued, or specially appropriated by Parliament, be applicable, and may be applied to such Ufcs and Purpofes as the Monies compofmg the Confolidated Fund may by Law be applied.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, in any Aft or Afts of Parliament contained, in relation to the said several •Duties of Excife thereby respectively granted, and the Drawbacks or Bounties of Excife allowed thereon respectively, shall remain and cominue in force, and be respectively applied, practised and putin Execution, in rofpeft of the said several Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties respectively, or such Parts or Proportion thereof respectively, as shall from time to time be continued by virtue of this Aft, in as full and ample a manner, to all Intents and Purpofes Whatsoever, as if the said Clauses, Powers! Provisions, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures were respectively repeated and rd-ena&ed in this

Aft.

V.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall wilfully aid or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of this Aft, or alter any Number, Figure or Word therein, or present for Payment, utter, Vend, barter or dispose of any such forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited or altered, then and in every such case, all and every such Perfon and Perfons being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

-

C A P.

Death.

5i°GE0. ffl.

C .62.

CAP. LXII.

An AA to permit Rum and other Spirits, the Produce of the British Colonies in the West Indies, to be imported into Nova Scotia and New Brttnfwick, and the Iflands of Cape Breton,

Prince Edward and Newfoundland, from the Ifland of Bermuda.	[10th	June	1811.]

*	T 17 HE REAS it is expedient to extend to the Provinces of Nova 4 VV Scotia and New Brunswick, the Ifland of Cape Breton,

*	Prince Edwards IJland and the Ifland of Newfoundland the Pro-

*	vifions of an Adpafled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 49 G. 3. c.i& f His present Majesty, intituled, An Ad to allow the Importation of

1 Rum and other Spirits from the IJland of Bermuda into the Province

*	of Lower Canada without Payment of Duty, on the fame Terms and 4 Conditions asfuch Importation may he made directly from His Majefty*s ‘ Sugar Colonies in the West Indies ? Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from At what Duty and after the palling of this Ad, any Rum or other Spirits being the exported Purod“« Manufacture °fanyf Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in ^Now&oU., the West Indies, legally and directly imported into tne Ifland of Bcr~ &c.

muda from His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, may be exported from thence into tta* Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, the Ifland of Cape Breton, Prince Edward's IJland and the Ifland of Newfoundland, and landed and admitted to an Entry upon Payment of the fame Rate of Duty as if the fame had been imported directly from any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in the IVeft Indies.

II. And be it further enabled. That under the Conditions and Under Condi-Reftridions contained in an Ad passed in the Twenty eighth Year tioni of *8 G. 3. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS to allow the Importation of Rum or other Spirits from His Majefty9 s Colonies or wlfrovtDuiy!*' Plantations in the West Indies into the Province of Quebec without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Reftrithons, Rum and other Spirits, exported as before mentioned from Bermuda, • may be imported into the said Provinces and Istands, without Payment of Duty, in the fame manner as if such Rum or other Spirits had been imported directly from any of the said Sugar Colonies.

. III. And, to prevent the Importation of foreign Rum and Spirits Fraud in Im* into any of the British Colonies in North America, under Pretence portation, that the fame are the Produce or Manufa&ure of His Majesty’s Sugar Affidavit* Coionics, be it enacted, That every Perfon or Perfons loading on t0Hb	fn

board any Ship or Veffel in the said Ifland of Bermuda any Rum or CoUedor^who Spirits as of the Produce or Mar.ufadure of His Majefty*s Sugar shall give Certi-Colonies legally imported into that Istand, shall, before the clearing ficatc of Con-out of the laid Ship or Veffel, produce and deliver to the Colledor or *ents and Pack-other Principal Officer of the Cuftoms at the loading Port his or their 8&C1,

Affidavit, or that of his or their Agent or Fador, signed and sworn to before some Juftice of the Peace in the said Ifland of Bermuda, expreffingin Words at Length, and not in Figures, the Number and Content or Contents of the Cafk or othr lockages containing the Rum or other Spirits, from what Colony or Plantation the fame were •imported, by whom, and the time when lack lmpc rtatioa took place,

M 3	which

t<fc c. 62,63.	5i40£o.	nr.	a.d.i8ii.

8uch Certificate to be delivered to Colle&or at Port of Importation, Jkc.

which Affidavit shall be tttefted by the Hand of the said Juftice wf the Peace to have been fwofn to in his Presence* who it hereby required to do the feme without Fee or Reward; and the Colk&or or other Principal Officer of the Cuttoms to whom fetch Affidavit shall be delivered, mall thereupon grant to the Matter or other Perfon having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Veifel in which the feme mail be laden, a Certificate under hie Hand and Seal of Office fwithout Fee or Reward) of his having received such Affidavit pur* luant to the Diredions of this Ad; and that it thereby appeared that such Rum or other Spirits was or were legally imported into the feid Ifland as of the Produce or Manufe&urc of His Maiefty’s Sugar Coionics, and such Certificate shall also express the Number and,Content or Contents of the Cafk or other Packages containing the Rum or other Spirits so shipped on board such Snip or VeffeE

IV.	And be it further enacted, That upon the Arrival of such Ship or Veffel at the Port of her Difcharge in any of the said Provinces or Istands, the Matter or other Perfon having the Charge or Command of the said Ship or VefTel shall, at the time of making the Report of his Cargo, deliver the feid Certificate to the Collector or other Principal Officer of the C attorns of such Port, and make Oath before him (and which he is hereby authorized and required to admi-nifter) that the Rum or other Spirits so reported are the fame that are mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate ; and if any Rum or other Spirits shall be imported or found on board any such Ship of Veifel for which no Certificate shall be produced, or which shall not agree therewith, the feme shall be deemed and taken to be foreigu Rum and Spirits, and shall be subject and liable to the fame Duties, Reftridions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures in all refpeds* as Rum or other Spirits of the Produce or Manufadure of any foreign Colony or Plantation would be subject and liable to by Law*

CAP. LXin.

17 k 18 G. 3. (L)c9.Sx.

[40 0.3. {! c96.fi *•]

M

In put repealed.

An Ad to authorize the Punifliment, by Confinement and hard Labour, of Perfons in Ireland liable to Tranfportation j and to repeal so much of a former Ad as relates to that Subject.

[10th June 1811.]

*	TT7HEREAS by an Ad of Parliament, patted in Ireland in the 4 VV Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of His Majesty’s Reign

*	intituled, jin A3 to authoring for a limited Time the Pnmjbment by 4 hard Labour of Offenders who for certain Crimes are or /ball became 4 liable to be transported to any of His MajcJly's Colonies and Planta-4 tions% it was, amongst other things, enacted, that where any Perfon

*	(hould be convicted of any Offence for which he or (he mould be 4 liable by Law to Tranfportation, it should be lawful for the Court ? in place of Tranfportation to order that such Perfon should be sent 4 to some Place of Confinement, to be there kept to hard Labour in 4 manner in said Ad provided^ And whereas the feid Ad has been 4 since made perpetual And whereas the Provifions of the said Ad in that respect nave been found ineffednal; Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prtfent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, so much of the said Ad as relates to the ordering or adjudging

any

A.D.i8ii*

ji° GE6, IH.	C.^2	t6f

any such Conoid or any Convidt to labour in any filch Place of Cdti-finement, and all and every Claufe and Provifion in laid Adi relating thereto, be and the fame are hereby repealed, fate oifcly so far as relates to any Sentence, Order or Adjudication patted or made before the patting of this Ad, or the Provifions neceifary for carrying the fame into Execution.

II.	And be it further enadbcd, That where any Perfoh fhalf, at any Crimes pn*Hh-

Seffion of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or	by Tnnf-

other General Seffions of the Peace for any County, City, Town or l^J^"**** Place in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland* be lawfully p	-m

convidted of any Crime for which he or (he shall be Kable by Law to House it Tranfportation, it shall be lawful for the Court before which such Covre&ioo* Ac. Offender shall be so convicted, or any Court held for the fame Place,

and with like Authority, if such Court shall think fit, in the Place of such Punifhment by Tranfportation, to order and adjudge that such Perfon /hall be sent to some House of Correftion or Penitentiary within the said County, City, Town or Place to be appointed in *na by such Order, there to be kept to hard Labour for (uch time or for such Term or Number of Years as such Court shall appoint, provided that the fame shall in no case be more than Seven Years : Provided Provifo always, that it shall be lawful for the Court before which any Offender or Offenders shall be so convicted, to order such Offender to be whipped or imprifaned for any time le(s than Otic Year, or to suffer such other Corporal Punifhment as such Offenders are liable to, and as may be inflicted on such Offenders by Law; afty thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That when airy Offenders shall be In what erse ordered to be kept to hard Labour in manner aforesaid, the Clerk Clerk of the of the Peace, or other Clerk of the Court, by whom such Order shall Pea“* J° be made, shall give to the Sheriff or Gaoler, having the Coflody of menitosSriff such Offender, a Certificate in Writing under his Hand, containing ^Gaoler, with an Account of the Chriflian Name, Surname and Age of such Of- other P*rtU fender, of his or her Offence, of the Court before Vrhom he or she was culars. convicted, and of the 1'erm for which he or /he shall have been fo

ordered to hard Labour; ahd the Sheriff Or Gaoler shall, with all convenient Speed after the making of any such Order, and receiving of such Certificate, convey such Offender, or cause him or her to be conveyed to the proper House of Cofredlion or Penitentiary, and deliver such Offender, or cause him or her to be delivered, together with the said Certificate, into the Cuftody of the Matter or Keeper of such House of Corredlion ; and the Perfon and Perfons to whom such Offender shall be so delivered, shall give a proper Receipt in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, which shall be a sufficient Difcharge to the Sheriff, Gaoler or other Perfon so delivering any such Offender.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all Expences Incurred by any Expence paid by Sheriff or Gaoler, in the Conveyance of any such Offender as aforesaid. County.

shall be paid by the County, City, Town or Place for which the Court ordering such Punifhment by hard Labour mffead of Tranfportation shall be held, and the Sheriff or Gaoler shall receive the Money due for such Expences from the Treasurer of such County,

City, Town or Place, by Order of the Juttices of the Peace thereof at their Quarterly 6r other General Seffions, who are hereby required to make inch Older accordingly, and the feme shall be presented by

M 4.	the

168

C'^3*

5.x* GEO. III.

A.D.1811

Aiding Refcue ot‘ Offenders.

Puniibnent.

Offenders escaping liable to fur* ther Punishment.

Mode of proceeding to Con* vision in such Cafe.

Fees.

Offenders kept Separate.

the Grand Jury of such County, City or Tows, at the next AJfizes or presenting Term therein.

V.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon shall refctie any Offender who by force of this A61 shall be ordered to hard Labour in any House of Correction or Penitentiary as aforesaid, either in his Conveyance to the Place so appointed tor such hard Labour, or whilst such Offender under this A6t shall be in the Cultody of the Perfon or Perfons appointed for that Purpose, or if any Perfon shall be aiding or afiiftiog in such Refcue, or if any Perfon not having the a6tual Cuffody of any such Offender shall be aiding and aiCfting in any Escape, or shall by supplying Arms or Iuftruments of Difguife or Escape, or otherwise in any manner be aiding and alfifting in the Attempt to make any such Escape, though no such Efcape shall be made, every such Perfon, on being convi6ted of such Offence by Indi£tment before any Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery held in and for the Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall he by such Court adjudged and ordered to the fame Portion of hard Labour in some House of Corre&ion as the Perfon refeued or escaped, or attempted to be aided in any Escape, had to serve or suffer at the time of loch Refcue, Efcape or Attempt of an Efcape.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon who shall be so ordered to hard Labour as aforesaid, shall at any time during the Term for which he or (he shall be so ordered to hard Labour break Prifon, or escape from the Place of his or her Confinement, or from th<; Perfon or Perfons having the lawful Cuftody of such Offender, he or (he so breaking Prifon, or escaping, shall on Convi&ion for the first Efcape be punished by doubling the Term of the Service and hard Labour to which he or (he was liable at the time of such Efcape y and on Convi&ion for a Second Efcape be adjudged guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, and suffer Death accordingly.

VII.	And, to the intent that such Convi&ion or Convi&ions may be had with as little Trouble and Expence as pcfiible, be it further enacted. That every Offender or Offenders escaping in manner aforesaid may and shall be tried before the Jullices of Aflize, Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for the County, City or Place, where he, (he or they shall be apprehended and taken, and that the Clerk of the Peace where such Order of Confinement and hard Labour shall be made, and his Succeffor for the time being shall, at the Requeft of the Profecutor or any other in His Majcfty’s Behalf, certify a Tranfcript briefly, and in few Words, containing the Effc& of every Indi&ment and Convi&ion of such Perfon, and of the Oder made for his or her Confinement and hard Labour to the Justices of Aflize, Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, where such Perfon shall be indicted for any such Escape, not taking for the fame above the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence, which Certificate being produced in Court, shall be a sufficient Proof that such Perfon or Perfons have before been convicted and ordered to such Place of Confinement and hard Labour.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That such Clerk of the Peace and the Sheriff or Gaoler be paid by the Trea-furer of the County, City, Town or Place, the like Satisfa&ion as hath been usually paid for the Order of Tranfportation of any Offender.

JX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Offender or Offenders who shall by virtue of this A& be directed to be confined

12	0"	and



5i*GEQ, III.	C.63.	169

apd kept to hard Labour, shall in such House of Corre&ion be kept separate from, and shall not be permitted or fufFered to intermix with any Perfon or Perfons confined for any Offence not making the Perfon or Perfons having committed the fame subject to a Sentence of Tranfportation.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Overseers or Keepers Returns of Of* of the several Houfes of Correction, or Penitentiaries in which any fender* to Prisoner so sentenced to hard Labour shall be confined, shall from and time to time make Returns, specifying the Names of all and every

th^ Perfon or Perfons who fhallbe so committed to their Cuftody, the Offences of which they /hall have been guilty, the Court before which each Perfon was convicted, the Sentence of the Court, the Age, bodily State and Behaviour of every stich Convict, while in Cuftody, and also the Names of all apd every the Perfon or Perfons who (hal) have died under such Cuftody, or ftiall have escaped from such Place of Confinement, or fhali have been released from thence, (fpecifying the Mode of such Releafe), such Returns to be made to the Juft ices of Ailize at each Aisizes, and to the Justices of Peace at each Quarter or other General Sefiion of the Peace for the County, City or Place \yithin which such Place of Confinement /hall be fixate, and that every such Return /hall be verified on the Oath of the Perfon making the fame, such Oath to be made before the Court into which the Return /hall be delivered.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That,every Offender who /hall be Offenders on

delivered to be kept to hard Labour in manner aforesaid, /hall at being restored tm the End of the Term of such Service, and upon being pe/lored to Liberty to ie-Liberty, receive from tjie Keeper of such Hoille of Corredion fuch	**

Sum of Money not being less than Forty Shillings, nor more than

Five Pounds, together with such decent Clothing as the Court into which such Return shall be made as aforesaid ihall appoint; and if any such Offender, whilst confined to hard .Labour in manner aforesaid, /ball by Induftry and other good Behaviour, /hew such Signs of Reformation as shall induce the said Court to recommend him as an Object of Mercy to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the rime being ; and it /hall be TimeorCou-tbereupon signified by a Letter from such Secretary to the Keeper of finement may to such House of Corre&ion or Penitentiary, that the Lord Lieutenant ihartened. or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time thinks or think fit, in consideration of such good Behaviour, to Ihorten the Duration of such Offender’s Term, such Offender /hall be accordingly fet at Libei ty at the time mentioned in such Letter, and /hall receive a Sum of Money from such Keeper, and Clothing, in the fame manner as if he or /he had served the whole of the Term for which he or or /be was adjudged to serve.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That such Keeper /hall receive County to pay

such Sum oF Money, and the reafouable Price of such Clothing so given Lxpence* of by him as aforesaid from the Treasurer of the County, City or Town,	an*

by Order of the Justices of the Peace thereof, at their Quarterly or ° U>8* other General Se/fions, who are hereby required to make such Order accordingly, and the fame /hall be presented by the Grand Jury of

such County, City or Town, at the next Affixes orprefenting Term.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or A&ion /hall General Iflto. be prosecuted against any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purluaace of this Ad, such Perfon or Perfons may plead the General

Ifsue,

A.D.i&ti.

i

*7 cr

T»b!e Ccfti.

limitation of Ad ions.

Offenders may he removed from One House of Correction to another.

37 G. 3. c.31.

*1.

47 G. 3. Seff. a. c. 41. * x.

51° GEO. Itt.1

ffsue, and give this Aft and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the forte Was done by the Authority of this Aft; and if a Vefdift fhdll turfs for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs mall become Nottfilit, or difcootinue his, ^er or their Aftjon6 after Iffue joined, or if, *n Demurrer or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants /hall recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendants hate by Law in other cases; and though a Verdift Audi be given to any Plaintiff m any fnch Aftion or Suit as afdtefoid, such Plaintiff shall not have Cofts against the Defendant, tinlefs the Judge before whom the Trial shall be shall certify his Approbation Of the Verdift.

XIV.	And be it further enaftea, That SB Aftiona, Suits sad Profecutioris to be commenced against the Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfnatice of this Aft, ftfaft be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Faft was committed, and fttaH be commenced within Sit Months after the Faft committed and not cither-wife.

XV,	Provided always, and be it enacted, That ft shall be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant ot other Chief Governor of Governors of Ireland for the time being, to Order that any fnch Offender Be removed to any other House of Corfeftion or Penitentiary in Ireland, and there kept to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding the Term of Confinement Which Stall then remain nnexpired, tinder the Order by virtue of which such Offender shall be then so confined, and also to order at any time during the foid Term, that such Offender shall be sent back to such former House of Correction or Penitentiary for the Refidue of such time ; any thing in this or any other Aft to the contrary notwfthftanding.

CAP. LX1V.

An Aft to enable the East India Company to raise a further Sum of Money upon Bond, instead of mcreafing their Capital Stock j and to alter and amend an Aft, passed bl the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His ptefent Majesty, relative thereto.	[10th	June	1811.]

€ XjirJHEREAS hy an A ft made in the Thirty seventh Teat

*	W of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A&

4 to enable the Eafl India Company to raise Money for further incteaf 1 ing their Capital Stocky and to extend the Provi/tons notu trifling 4 refpefiing the present Stock of the Company to the said tncreafed Stocky 4 after reciting, that the Affairs of the United Company of Mer-4 chants of England required a permanent Advance of a Confider-« able Sum of Money beyond what the fat'd Company could raise « under the Powers then veiled in them by Law, the said United

*	Company are authorized and empowered to raise Money forenlarg-4 ing their then Capital Stock or Fund of Six Millions of Pounds,

4 to any Sum or Sums not exceeding the further Sum of Two

*	Millions Capital Stock, so that their whole Capital Stock fiiould

*	not exceed the Capital Sum of Eight Millions: And whereas by

*	an Act made in the Forty, seventh Year of the Reign of His faid

*	Majefty, intituled, An A8 to enable the East India Company to raife

*	Money upon Bondj tnflead of increajing their Capital Stocky the faid

< Company

A*D« i Si i(

$i#C£0. ttfi	C.64.	17!

4 Company arc authorized to borrow, upon Bonds to be i(Tiled under

*	their Common Seal, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

*	in the whole the Sum of Two Millions Sterling, over and above 4 such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Company could then 4 lawfully raise on their Bonds, and to apply the Money so to be 4 borrowed and raised, for such Purposes as under and by virtue of 4 the laid Aft of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His laid 4 Majesty, the Money to be raised by enlarging the Capital Stock

4 of the said Company was applicable ; and by the said Aft of the § ».

4 Forty seventh Year of the Keign of His said Majesty, it is pro-4 video, that when the said Company should have raised any Part 4 of the Money which they were thereby authorized to raise by 4 Bond, then and so long as such further Bond Debt, or any Part 4 thereof, lhould continue, all the Money thereafter to be railed by 1 enlarging the Capital Stock of the said United Company, under 4 and by virtue of the said Aft pafied in the Thirty seventh Year 4 of the Reign of His said Majesty, should be applied towards the 4 Reduction of the Bond Debt of the said United Company, until 4 it should be reduced to the Sum which the said Company might 4 then lawfully raise by Bondand in case the said Company should 4 enlarge their Capital Stock, under and by virtue of the laid Aft 4 pafied in the Tnirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, before they should have increased their Bond Debt under 4 the Authority of the Aft now in recital, that then the Sum 4 which they were thereby empowered to raise on Bond, should be 4 reduced by the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling in respect 4 of every One hundred Pounds Capital Stock so enlarged, and 4 so in Proportion for a greater or less Amount cf Capital Stock 4 which lhould have been created: And whereas a coniidcrable Part 4 of the Debt secured by the Engagement of the said Company in 4 the Ea/l Indies, and which was incurred by reason of territorial 4 and political Expences in that Country, has lately been discharged 4 in India9 by means of Bills drawn by the Governments of the laid .

4 Company in the East Indies upon their Court of Direftors in Lon-1 Ion; and thereby it has become necessary for the said Company 4 to provide in this Country a much larger Sum of Money than in 4 the ordinary Courfe of their Tranfaftions can arise from the Sales 4 of their Goods and the ordinary Receipts and Means of the said 4 Company: And whereas the said United Company have not yet 4 increased their Capital Stock, under and by virtue of the Powers 4 contained in the said first mentioned Aft $ and it is expedient that 4.the Power of the said United Company to raise Money upon their 4 Bonds lhould be enlarged, so that they may be enabled either to 4 raise a further Sum by Bond, or by Increafe of their Capital Stock?

4 therefore, that the Provifion in tne said last recited Aft, as to the 4 Application of the Money to be raised by increasing the Capital r Stock of the said Company, and as to the Reduftion of the 4 Power of the said Company to increase their Bond Debt in a * certain case, should be repealed, and that other Provifions should 4 be made in respect thereofMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enisted; and be it enacted by Yhe King’s Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisjprefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall Company

and ray borrow a

A.D.iSn.

further Sum of Money upon Bonds.

47 G. 3. Seff. %. C. 41. § a.

repealed.

After railing 4/x»pooL Company re* ft rained from railing further Money on Bond.

Bonds ilfued hy Company under their Common Seal (Wall be transferable,tc.

C.64.	51* GEO. IIL

and may be lawful to and for the said Company, by ?uid with the Approbation arid Confent of the Board of Comrailuonere for the Affaire of India for the time being, at any time or times hereafter, to borrow upon Bonds to be issued under their Common Seal, any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two Millions Sterling, over and above such Sum and Sums as the said Company can now lawfully raise on their Bonds, and to apply the Money so to be borrowed and raised for such Purposes, as under and by virtue of the said Adi of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, the Money to be raised by enlarging the Capital Stock of the said Company is applicable 5 any thing contained m the said recited Aft or any other Adi not with Handing.

II.	And be it further enadlcd, That so much of the said Adt of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as provides that all the Money to be raised by enlarging the Capital Stock of the said Company as therein mentioned, mould be applied towards the Redudtion of the Bond Debt of the said United Company, until it should be so reduced to the Sum which the said Company might then lawfully raise by Bond, and as provides that in case the said Company should enlarge their Capital Stock, then that the Sum which they were thereby empowered to raise by Bond /hould be reduced, shall be and the lame is hereby repealed.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That when the said United Company shall have raised under and by virtue of the said Aft of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of the said Aft of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign 0/ His present Majesty, and of this Aft, such Sums of Money as together shall amount to the Sum of Four millions Sterling, then and from thenceforth it shall not be lawful for the said Company to raise any further Sum of Money upon Bond ; and all Money which from thenceforth shall be raised by Increafe of Capital Stock, under aod by virtue of the said first mentioned Aft, (nail be applied iu Dif-charge of the said Bond Debt, until the said Bond Debt, created by virtue of the said Aft of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty, or this Aft, together with the Money to be railed by Increafe ot Capital as aforesaid, shall be reduced to the Sum of Four millions Sterling.

* IV. And whereas Bonds issued under the Common Seal of the

*	faid United Company, for Money borrowed by them by virtue of

*	the Powers enabling them to borrow Money upon Bond, have

*	ufually been entered into, and have been exprefTed to have been

*	made payable to the Perfon who for the time being h3s been the

*	Treafurer of the said United Company, or his Afligns, and upon

*	his Indorfemeut thereof, they have been fold and passed from one

*	Perfon to another, by Delivery of the Poffeflion thereof 5 and it

*	is expedient that a legal Effeft should be given to such Mode of

*	Transfer of the Property in the said Bonds, and the Money fecured

*	thereby ;* Be it therefore further enacted, That all Bonds issued, or to be issued, under the Common Seal of the said United Company, by virtue of any Power by which they have been, are, or hereafter may be authorized to borrow Money upon their Bonds, shall be affign-able and transferable by Delivery of the Poffeflion thereof; and upon every such Aflignment or Transfer, the Money secured hy the Bond so assigned or transferred, and due, and to become due thereon.

A.D. 1811«

173

51® GEO. HI.	0.64,65.

and the Property In such Bond, shall be absolutely veiled as well at Law as in Equity, in the Perfon or Perfon9, Body or Bodies Por litick and Corporate, to whom the fame shall be so assigned or transferred, and the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick and Corporate, to whom any such Bond shall be so assigned and transferred, and his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators and Suc-cefibrs respectively, shall and may maintain lire, her or their Aftion for the Principal and Intcreft secured thereby, and due thereon, or otherwise relating thereto, in like manner as the Obligee or Obligees named in any such Bond, or his, her or their Executors, Adminiltri-tors or Succeflors, may now maintain any Aftion thereon; and in every such Action the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover his, her or their Debt, Damages and Cods of Suit; and if any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or a Verdift be given against him, ber or them, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her or their Coils againff the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and every such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants respectively recovering, may sue out Execution for such Debt, Damages and Cofts by Capias, Fieri facias or Eleglt•

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Juilices and others, without being fpccially pleaded.

CAP. LXV.

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft palled in the Thirty ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Supprcjfoti of Societies ejhiblifhcd for seditious and treasonable Purpcfes, am for better preventing treasonable and seditious Prafticesy so far as respects certain Penalties on Printers and Publifhers.	[10th	June 1811:]

*	TirHEREAS an Ad was passed in the Thirty ninth Year of

*	W His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An A3 for the more 4 tjftdual Supprejfion of Societies cjlabl'ijhcd for seditious and treafon-

*	able Purposes, and for better preventing treasonable and feditious

*	PraQices : And whereas, in ana by the Twenty seventh ana Thirty

*	fifth Seftions of the said Aft, certain Provifions were made, that 4 every Perfon who should print any Paper or Book, or publish dr ‘ disperse, or afllff in publiftring or difpersing, any printed Paper or ' Book, without the Name ana Place of Abode of the Printer being 1 printed on such Paper or Book, in such manner as by the said Aft 4 is specified, should forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for 4 every Copy of such Paper so publilhed or dispersed by him; to 4 be recovered before any Juftice or Judices of the Peace, for the 4 County, Stewartry, Riding, City, Town or Place, in which fuch

*	Penalty should be incurred: And whereas there is not in the said 4 Aft any Proviiion authorizing such Juftice or Juftice9 to mitigate 4 the Penalties thereby incurred, or enabling the Party to appeal from. 4 any Conviftion by or Judgment of filch Juftice or Juftice*: And

*	whereas divers Books and Papers have since been printed by feveril 4 Perfons, who, through Inadvertency or Mistake, nave negiefted to 4 comply with the Proviiions of the laid Aft, and such Perfons haVe

« thereby

Publick Aft.

39 0.3- c-79* § *7- 35-

AJXiSiv

Printing Papers or Books contrary to recited AO.

Penalties.

Justices may mitigate Penalties,

Name and Red-dence of Printers not required to he put to Batik Notes, Bills, &c, or to any Paper primed hy Authority of any Public Board or Public Office.

C.65.	51* CEO, HI.

*	thereby become liable to be {tied and prosecuted for Penalties to a

*	vaft Amount, although fijch Books and Papers were not of an

'* evil or seditious Tendency:	whereas it is expedient to limit

4 the Amount of Penalties imposed by the said Aft; and to enable

*	Magiftrates to mitigate the Penalties in such cades as ftiatl appear

*	to them expedient; and also to give the Party, who may be ag-

*	grieved by a Conviction under such Aft, a power of appealing from 4 the fame ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That nothing in the Twenty seventh Section of the said Aft contained shall extend to make any Perfon pr Perfons offending again ft the Came, liable to more than Twenty five Forfeitures or Penalties for printing or publiJhing, or difpersing, or assisting in publiihing or difpersing, any Number of Copies of one and the fame Paper or Book, contrary to the said Section of the said Aft.

II.	And be it further enacted, That if any Jufticc or other Ma-giftrate before whom any Perfon shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against the Provifions of the before mentioned Aft, (haU fee cause to mitigate such Penalty or Penalties, it (haU be lawful for fych Jufticc or other Magittrate to mitigate or leffenthe fame to any Sum not less than Five Pounds over ana above all reasonable Coils and Charges expended or incurred in the Profecution.

4 111. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Provifions

*	contained in the said Aft may not be considered as extending to 4 No|es and Poft Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank 4 of England* and to Bills of Exchange, Promiflbry Notes, Bonds 4 and other Securities for Payment of Money, Bills of Lacting, Po-4 licics of Infurance, Letters of Attorney, Transfers or Aflignments 4 of Public Stocks, Funds and other Securities, and to Dividend 4 Warrants, Receipts for Money or Goods, Deeds or other Inftru-4 merits, Proceedings in the Courts of; Law and Equity, and other 4 Inferior Courts, Warrants, Orders and other Papers, printed by the 4 Authority of any Public Board or Public Officer in the Execution 4 of the Duties of their respective Offices, many of which Securi-4 ties, luftrupnents, Proceedings and otlier Matters aforefitid, are 4 usually wholly or in part printedBe it therefore hereby declared and enacted, Tuat nothing in the said recited Aft or in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require the Name and Refidence of the Printer to be printed upon any such Bank Note, Bank Poft Bill, Bill of Exchange or Promiffory Note, or upon any Bond or other Security for Payment of Money, or upon any Bill pf Lacting, Policy of Infurance, Letter of Attorney, Deed or Agreement# pr upon auy Transfer or Affignmeqt of any Public Stocks, fund# or other Securities, or upon any Transfer or Argument of the Stocks of any Public Corporation or Company, authorized or fenftipped by Aft of Parliament, or upon any Dividend Warrant of or for any such Public or other Stocks, Funds or Securities, or upon any Receipt for Money or Goods, or upon any Proceeding in any Court of Law pr Equity, or in any Inferior Court, Warrant, Order or other Papers printed by the Authority of any Public Board or public Officer in the Execution of the Duties of their respective Offices. uQfwthftwdmg the whole or auy Part of the said feveral

Securities,

AJX;8t i*	510	QBQ.	1J L	C.65,66.

Securities, Joftruments, Proceedings* Matters and Things afonefeid* fhaB have been or shall be printed; any thing herein or in the said recited Aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-{landing.

IV.	And be it further enafted* That if any Perfon or Perfpns ihall think himfelf* herself or themselves aggrieved, by any Conviction, Judgment or Determination, of any Juftice or Juuices, relating to any Matter or Thing, in the before mentioned Aft contained* then and in that case he, (he or they may appeal to the Juft ices of the Peace at the General Quarter-Selfions to be holder* in and for the County, Citv or Place where fpeh Conviftion, Judgment or Determination Ihall have been made, next after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the making thereof, first giving Six Days Notice of such Appeal to the Perfon or Perfons pnofccuting for such Penalty or Penalties; and the laid Justices fhnll hear and determine the said Appeal at such General Quarter-Selfions, or, if they think proper* adjourn the Hearing thereof until the next Geucral Quarter-Seflions to be bolden for such County* Town or Place $ and the {aid Justices may* in like manner, if they fee cause, mitigate any Penalty or Pe« nalties, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been paid or levied under any Convjftion as a for* fa id, and may also order and award such Cofts to be paid by either Party to the other* as they ihall think and judge reasonable.

V.	And he it further enabled* That this A ft Ihall take Effeft from the First Day of March One thoufaad eight hundred and eleven.

CAP. LXVL

Aq Aft to amend and Tender more effect ual several Afts for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious: and for eresting, repairing and maintaining Light Houfes round the Coaft of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof.

[10th June 1811.]

1 TTT’HEREAS it is neceflhry to make further Provifion for

*	VV^ defraying the Expence of purphafing Ground for and for

*	building new Light Houfes 5 and for repairing, fitting up* com-4 pleting and keeping iq Repair the several Light Houses, Beacon*

*	and Sea Marks which have been or may be erected and built round 4 the Coafts of Ireland:* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted » and be it enacted by tne King’s Mpft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice ana Cpnfent pf the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Expiration pr Ten pays after the Day of the pafling of this Aft, there shall be payable and paid to the Corporation for preferring aqd improving the Pprt of Dublin, by the Owners or Matters of every Ship or Decked Veflel which shall pass any Light House or Light Houfes on the Coafts pf Ireland* the Sums* Kates and Duties following i that is to fay*

For every Brliijh Qr frifa Ship or Decked Veflel navigated according to L» w, which shall pass any fuph Light House or Light Houfes* for and in reftxft pf every Light House which such Stup 9X Veflel

^ ihall

*75

Appeal

Commence-

ment.

Veflcfe pafling

Light houses on

the Coaft of Ireland.

Rates.

C .66.

A.D.1811.

51° geo. nr.

Vtflcls pairing Booting Light met the Kilh Bmk.

Kjta

Hates for Entries of Ships-

Additional Bal-kA&ats.

shall pass, and for and in respect of every time of pafling any and every such Light House or Light Houses, whether the said Ship or Veflel shall be outward or homeward bound, or on a foreign Voyage, or failing Coatlwife, the Sum of One Penny for every Ton Burthen of such Ship or VcfTel for and in respect of every such Light House, and every time of pafling the fame:

And for every Foreign Ship or Decked VcfTel pafling as aforesaid, the Sum of Two Pence for every Ton Burthen, for ana in respect of every such Light Ilouse, and every time of pafling the fame.

II.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the time when a Floating Light shall be established on the Kifh Bank on the South Side of Dublin Bay, there shall be paid to the laid Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, by the Owners or Matters of every Ship or Decked Veflel which shall pass such Floating Light on the Kijb Bank, the Sums, Rates and Duties following; that is to fay,

For every British or Irijb Ship or Decked Veflel navigated according to Law, which shall pass such Floating Light; and for and in respect of every time such Ship or Veflel shall pass such Floating Light, whether the said Ship or Veflel shall be outward or homeward bound, or on a Foreign Voyage, or failing Coaftwife, the Sum of One Halfpenny for every Ton Burthen of such Ship or Veflel, for and in respect of every time of pafling the said Floating Light:

And for every Foreign Ship or Decked Veflel pafling. such Floating Light as aforesaid, the Sum of One Penny for every Ton Bur-, then of such Ship or Veflel, for and in respect of every time of pafling the said Floating Light.

And the Produce of the said last mentioned .Duties shall by the said Corporation be appropriated and applied to the Maintenance of the said Floating Light, and a separate Account shall be kept by the said Corporation of the Receipt and Expenditure thereof, and the fame shall be separately accounted for by the said Corporation.

III.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of the pafling this A&, there shall be payable and paid to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dubliny the Rates and Duties following; that is to fay, upon every Entry inwards and on every Entry outwards of any Ship or Veflel made in any Port of Ireland, and upon every Entry, Cocket or Warrant, in any such Port for (hipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, inwards or outwards, or from any Port in Ireland to any other Port therein, where the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, the Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence.

4 IV. And whereas the Rates and Charges at present payable

•	by Law for Ballaft delivered or taken on board Ships in the Har-

•	bour of Dublin are inefficient to defray the present Expences

•	of obtaining and delivering the fame Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of the pafling of this Adi, the Matter, Commander, or Owner of every Ship or Veflel belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or the British Plantations, and of every Foreign Ship or Veflel who shall take m Ballaft from the Office of the laid Corporation, for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, within the Port of Dublin, or in the

feveral

A.D.iStn	51* GEO. III.	C.66.	133

several Creeks or Harbours thereunto belonging, or in any Place whatsoever within the Jurifdi&ion or which is subject to the Power or Authority of the said Corporation, shall pay or cause to be paid to the Ballad Mailer or other Officer who shall be appointed by the said Corporation to receive the fame, in addition to tne several Sums of Money, Rates and Charges now payable by Law, the several and respective further and additional Sums of Money, Duties,, Rates and Charges following; that is to fay.

For every Ton of Ballad which shall be delivered or taken on Rates of Bapaf^ board any Ship, Boat or Veflel belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or any Part of the United Kingdom, or to the British Plantations, within the Harbour of Dublin, or any of the Creeks or Harbours thereunto belonging, in addition to all former Rates and Duties, the further Sum of Two rence :

For every Ton of Ballad which shall be delivered or taken on hoard any Foreign Ship, Boat or Veflel in addition to all former Rates and Duties, the further Sum of Six Pence.

Which said lad mentioned Duties shall be applied by the said Corporation, so far as the fame shall be necessary. towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and delivering such Ballad, and the Surplus thereof in manner directed by this Aa.

1 V. And whereas the Tonnage Duty now payable by Law on € Ships and Veflel^ arriving in the said Harbour of Dublin is infuf-* ficient to support the Expence of improving the said Harbour;* •

Be it- further enacted. That, from and after the Expiration of Ten An additional'

Days after the palling of this Aft, the Mader, Commander or Owner Tomwfe *****

of every Ship or Veflel coming into the said Harbour of Dublin,

shall pay or cause to be paid tor the Ufe of the said Corporation

to the said Ballad Mailer of the Ballad Office of the Port of Dub-

(ifi, or other Officer who shall be appointed by the said Corporation

to receive the fame, in addition to the several Rates of Tonnage

now payable by Law, the several further Sums, Rates and Duties

following; that is to fay,

For every Foreign Ship or Veflel (or such as shall not belong Rate* of to any of His Majedy’s Subjects of the United Kingdom or the Tonnage,

British Plantations) arriving or coming into the Harbour of Dublin t for every Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or VelTel on every Voyage which such Ship or Veflel shall make to the said Harbour of Dublin, io addition to all former Tonnage Rates and Duties, the further Sum of Six Pence.

For every Ship or Veflel which shall belong to any of His Majefly’s Subje&s arriving or coming into the said Harbour of Dublin (except Veitels arriving in the said Harbour entirely laden with Coals, and coasting Veflela coming and trading from any Part of Ireland, to the said Harbour); for every Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or Veflel on every Voyage whicn such Ship or Veflel shall make to the said Harbour of Dublin, in addition to all former Tonnage Rates and Duties, the further Sum of Three Pence s

For every Ship or Veflel arriving in the said Harbour laden with Coals, and every Coasser; that is to fay, every Ship or Veflel coming and trading from any Part of Ireland to Dublin, or the Creeka or Harbours thereof; for every Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or Veflel on every Voyage which such Ship or Veflel shall make to 51 Geo. 111.	N	the

■79'

Duties to be in addition to former Duties.

Ho* Duties collected and difpofedof.

50 G. 3. c.95.

C. 66.	51* GEO. III.	A.D.i8u.

the Caid Harbour of Dublin, in addition to all former Rates and Doties, the further Sum of Two Pence.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the said respective Duties hereinbefore granted and made payable, shall be in addition to and over and above all other Tonnage Duties, and all other Duties in respect of the passing of any Light House, and aH other Duties upon any Entry, Cocket or Warrant payable in Ireland under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force at the time of the passing of this Ad.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Ad granted on Ships and VefTels passing any Light House on the Coaft of Ireland, or passing the said Floating Light on the Kijb Beni on the South Side of the Bay of Dublin, shall be paid to and collected by the Colledor or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms, or to some Perfon to be appointed by the said Corporation, for the Purpofe of receiving the lame in such Port of the United Kingdom into which any Ship or Veil'd passing any such Light House or Light Houfes shall arrive next after the passing of such Light House or Light Houfes respectively; and that the ColTedors of His Majesty’s Cuftoms, Comptroliers, Receivers of Entries, Surveyors or Searchers, Waiters, and all other Officers of the Cuftoms whatever, or their respective Deputies or Clerks at any of the Ports, Harbours or Places of the United Kingdom, shall not, after the Commencement of the said Duties, take or receive any Entry or Cocket or other Difcharge or Clearance, or take any Report outwards, for any Ship or Veffel liable or subject to the laid Duties, until the said Duties (nail be paid pursuant to the Diredions of this A d to the respective CoDeaors of Cuftoms, or to the Perfons appointed by the said Corporation to collect the said Duties, nor until the Mafter or Owner of any Ship or Veffel subject to the Payment of the said Duties shall (how and produce a Receipt for such Duties accordingly to the Officer required to take or receive any such Entry, Cocket, Difcharge, Clearance or Report outwards afotesaid; and that the said Duties in respect of Light Houfes shall from time to time be accounted for by the Col.* ledors and Receivers thereof, and shall be by such CoUe&ors paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer in Ireland, for the Ufe of the said Corporation, for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, and shall be iifued from time to time by the said Com-miffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafuner of Ire-land, to the said Corporation under the Authority of this Ad; and the said Duties when so paid over to the said Corporation (except the Duty in respect of a Floating Light on the Ktfb Bank in Dublin Bay, which shall be applied to the Maintenance of such Light when the fame shall beereded) shall by the said Corporation be applied to the Purpofes of an Ad made in the last Seffion of Parliament, intituled, An A8 to enable the Corporation for prefervmg and improving the Port of Dublin, to ere8, maintain and repair Light Houfei round the Coafis of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof in manner and under the Regulations in the said recited Ad mentioned and contained, and that the Duty by this Ad im-pofed on every Entry, Cocket or Warrant in any Port in Ireland, shall be levied, collected and received by the Officers of Cuftoms, and paid over to the said Corporation in such and the like manner as the Duties granted on such Entries by the (aid recited Ad, made in the

13	-	laft

A.D.iSir.	51°	GEO.	III.	C.<$&

lad Seffion of Parliament* are directed to be levied* collected and received by such Officers and paid over to the laid Corporation; and chat the additional Doties or Charges by this Ad granted for Ballad delivered or taken on board Ships* and the additional Duties by this. Ad imposed in respect of Ships coming into the Harbour ot-Dub* torn, shall be collected and levied in like manner, and under the like Powers and Authorities as other Duties of the like Nature may by Law be collected and levied by the said Corporation ; and that the laid additional t)uties and Charges in respect of Balia ft shall be ap» plied towards the defraying the Expeaces of obtaining and delivering the fame* and that the Surplus of the said Duties and Charges after such Expences shall be defrayed* aud also the additional Duties by this Aft imposed in respect of the Tonnage of Ships coming into the Harbour of Dublin; and also so much of the laid Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence on, every Entry* Cocket or Warrant as afore-(aid* as shall be payable or paid within the Port of Dublin* shall, by the said Corporation* for preserving and improving the Port of DM*, be applied towards the erecting a Light on the Kijb Bank on the South Side of Dublin Bay* for the better Prefervation of the Ships and VeiTels against the Dangers resulting from the said Kijb Bank to Ships and Veffels entering into* going out of or passing by the laid Harbour* and passing up and down Saint Georges Channel* and towards erecting a Light House on the Hill of Howtb in a more convenient and useful Situation for Mariners than the one now erected is placed in.

VIU. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That dm A A shall not extend to charge with the Rate or Duty hereby imposed on the Tonnage of Ships and Veflels passing Light Houfes* any of His Majesty’s Ships of War, nor any Ship or Veffel whatever being the Property of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succefiors, or of the Royal Family, nor any Fiihing Vefleis, Smacks or Boats, and that allcoafting Veffels failing iu Ballad only, from any Port in Ireland to any other Port therein, shall pay only One Half of the said Rates and Duties; any thing hereinbefore mentioned and contained to the contrary notwithftanding

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Light House, which shall not* at the time of the passing of this Aft, be completed in such Manner as to have the Lights or Signals put lip therein* shall, at any time after the passing of this Act* be built, ere&cd or repaired on any Parts of the Coaits of Ireland, then and in (neb case * a Notice of the time when such Light House has been or will be completed* so as to have Lights or Signals put up therein, shall be given by the said Corporation for preferring and improving the Port of Dttblin9 Three several times iu the London and Dublin Gazettes ; and the Duties by tilts Act granted on the Tonnage of Ships and Veffels passing any such Light House (hail not commence or be payable until after the time mentioned in such Notice, nor uolefs such Lights or Signals shall be put up in such Light House at the time mentioned iu iuch Notice.

‘ X* And whereas the several Ads patted in the Parliament of * Ireland in the Twenty sixth, Thirty second, Thirty third and For-1 tieth Years of His present Majelly’s Reign, for promoting the < Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port aud Harbour more com-

N 2	4	modioua.

*79

Provifo for Ships of War, Arc. and FiQiiug VeffeU.

Notice of rom* piecing of Light-hrufei in Gazette*.

Duty not payable till Light put up.

26O 3*(I.)c.iC.

3* G.3. (I.)c 35* 3JG.3.(1)c.54. 40G.3 (I.)c.47.



C. 66.

A.D.1B11.

510 GEO. IIL

« modious, and for repairing and preferring the Walls of the River * Anna Liffey,in the City of Dublin, require to be further amended;* The River Anna Be it therefore enaited, That the Care, Management and Superintend Liffey and the <jance of the whole of the (aid River Anna Liffey, and of the Quays m beunder^ and Walls bounding the fame on both Sides of the said River, aud Corporation for «lfo of the Harbour of Dublin, and of the Strands thereof, and of the preserving Port Bays, Creeks and Harbours within the said Harbour of Dublin, on of Dublin. the North and South Sides of the said Harbour of Dublin, commencing on the North Side of the said River, Strand, Harbour and Bay, from and including Barrack Bridge, otherwise called Bloody Bridge, in the County of the City of Dublin, and extending to and including the Harbour of Sutton, in the County of Dublin; and on the South Side River, Strand, Harbour and Bay, commencing from and including the fame Bridge, and extending to and including the Harbour of D alley, in the County of Dublin, and the Quays and Walls called the North, South, and East Walls, and all the Bridges now over the said River Anna Liffey, or which hereafter may be built or erected within the said Limits over the fame, and the build-ing and repairing of the said Walls; and the Care and Superintend dance of the said Bridges shall, from and after the patting of this Ait, be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, and their Succcflbrc for ever, with all such Power and Authorities as by the said Arts, or any other Ac! or Ails are given to or vetted in the said Corporation, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

Provifofor	XI. Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing herein con-

Orand Juries tained shall extend or be conttrued to extend any way to alter or seen iTreSA" dimiiiifti the Power of any Grand Jury or Grand Juries in the County •f Bridges. or County of the City of Dublin to appoint Overseers for any Works in respect of any Bridge or Bridges over the (aid River Anna Liffey, for the Execution whereof any Prefentment or Preferments shall be made by any such Grand Jury or Grand Juries, nor in any way to contradiil or interfere with any Prefentment whatever respecting or relating to the building, re-building or repairing any such Bridge or Bridges made or to be made by any such Grand Jury or Grand Juries, nor to contradiil or interfere with any Powers vetted by Law in such Grand Jury or Grand Juries respecting the fame, nor any Proceedings towards the carryipg into Effect any such Prefentment under the Authority of any Ait or Ails in force at the time of the patting of this Ait.	i

Corporation may * XII. And whereas the said Corporation may find it necessary, boriow Money <	jn or(jcr to enable them the more effectually to carry into Execution

Rarer.5	l°	*	the purposes of the said recited Aits and of this present Art, to ’

4	borrow a Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Taxer,

*	Payments, Rates, Duties and Revenues arising under the said re- J

4 cited Ails and this present Ait Be it therefore enaited, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the (aid Corporation to take up and borrow upon the Credit of all or any of the said Taxes, Payments, Rates, Duties and Revenues in the said former Ails or in this Ail contained, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ and of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Jreland, or any t	Three

A.D.1811.

5*i* GEO. in.	C. 66.	lit

Three of them, any Sum or Sums of Money which the said Corporation /hail think necessary, at any Rate of Intereft not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for that Purpofe to issue Debentures of One hundred Pounds each under their Common Seal for the Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, in such Manner and Form as the said Corporation by any Bye-Laws to be entered into by them purfuantjo the Direftions of the said recited Afts, or any of them, /hall appoint; and the said Debentures aud the Sums therein respectively contained, together with the Intereft thereof, and the Sinking Fund applicable to the Reduftion thereof in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be actual Charges and Liens upon the said Taxes, Payments, Rates, Duties and Revenues, or io much thereof as shall be specified in such Debentures respectively: Pro- Provifo. vided always, that the Money so to be borrowed at any time after the palling of this Aft, shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of fifty thou fan d Pounds; any thing in the said recited Adis or this Adi to the contrary not with standing.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That a yearly Sum equal to Fundeftablifoed the Amount of One Pound for every One hundred Pounds, of all J°r P*y‘»nS Sums which at any time after the palling of this Adi shall be bor- e u rowed by the said Corporation on the Credit of the said Taxes,

Rates, Duties and Revenues, or any Part of them, under the Authority of this Aft, shall yearly and every Year, from and immediately after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be taken by the said Corporation from the Produce of the said Taxes, Payments, Rates, Duties and Revenues, and shall be laid out by Four equal quarterly Sums on the Twenty ninth Day of September, the Twenty fifth Day of December, the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Twenty fourth Day of June, or within Thirty Days thereof in each and every Year, in the Name of the said Corporation in the Purchafe of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland\ or m such other Stock in the Public Funds at the Bank of Ireland as the said Corporation shall in their Difcretion think fit; and also that all Dividends which shall accrue and become payable, for and on account of such Stock in the said Public Funds as shall be so purchased as aforesaid, and also all Dividends which shall arise and be payable from such Accumulation of the said Stock as is hereinafter directed to be made, shall Half-yearly, or as soon as such Dividend shall from time to time accrue and become payable, be laid out in the Name of the said Corporation, in the Purchafe of such Stock or Funds as aforesaid, and so from time to time during the Continuance of the said former Afts and this Aft, until such Stock so to be purchased as aforesaid shall be worth to be fold a Sum of One hundred Pounds, and then and not before the said Annuities or other Stock so to be purchased in the Public Funds as aforesaid shall be fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be be applied in the purchasing such Debenture when the fame can be procured at or under Par, and every Debenture so purchased shall be immediately cancelied, and so from time to time a yearly Sum equal to the Amount of One Pound for every One hundred Pounds of all Money borrowed by and due from the said Corporation under the Authority of this Aft, shall continue to be invested in such Funds and Annuities, and shall accumulate and shall be applied whenever the fame shall amount to

N 3	tht

iHt

Q.66.

A-D.iSi i.

Memhers of Corporation not eligible to hold Offices under it.

Prefent Officers.

Officers to take Oath.

Oath*

Treasury may

direct Sums remaining in charge acainft Corporation for fmupers, Sec. to be it ruck out in auditing their Accounts.

gi9 GEO. III.

the Sum of One hundred Pounds as aforesaid, until the whole of all Sums borrowed and to be borrowed by the said Corporation under the Authority of this A6t, shall be fully paid off and discharged.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the passing of this A&, no Perfon or Perfons being a Member or Members of the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublim* shall be ele&cd or be capable of being elected, or shall hold ~or be capable of holding any Office, Place or Employment under the said Corporation ; and that no Perfon holding any Office, Place or Enr-ploy men t under the said Corporation shall be elected or he capable of being a Member of the said Corporation so long as he shall hold any such Office, Place or Employment: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Perfon or Perfons being at present Members of the said Corporation, and also at present holding any Office or Employment under the fame ; and that all Officers and Perfons who at any time before the passing of this Att have been elected and appointed by the said Corporation to do or perform any Offices, Duties, or other Matters in Execution of the said Acts, or aoy of them, and who are now in the Service and Employment of the said Corporation; and also all and every Perfon and Perfons who shall or may hereafter from time to time be elected, intruded or appointed by the said Corporation to do, execute or perform any such Offices, Duties, or other Matters under and by virtue of the laid Acts or any of them, or this present A&, shall take and subscribe the following Oath or Affirmation ; that is to fay,

4 T jA. B. do solemnly promise and swear, for, being a Quaker, do 4 solemnly affirm | That I will faithfully, diligently and impartially, 4 according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledgei perform and 4 execute the several Offices, Duties, Powers, Matters and Truds 4 committed to me by the Corporation for preserving and improving 4 the Port of Dublin, without Favour or Afsection, Prejudice or 4 Malice.	So	help me GOD.*

Which Oath or Affirmation any Three or more of the (aid Corporation are hereby empowered to adminider.

. 4 XV. And whereas in the Accounts of the (aid Corporation

*	which have been heretofore audited by the Commiflioners of lm-

*	preded Accounts, certain Sums remain in charge againd them for 4 Infupers or Charges formerly disallowed by the said Commiffibiiers,

4 and also certain Sums which appear to be Debts due to the ftid l, Corporation, but which from the Nature of them cannot now be

4	recovered : And whereas it would render the Accounts of the dud

5	Corporation .more plaio and fitnple if the Commiffiooers of Im-4, preded Accounts were authorized to drike out of such Accounts 4 such Sums circumftanted as aforefaidBe it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Comraifiitmers for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Irclnnd.ioT the time being, to direct. the Committronera of kmpreded Accounts, and the said Commissioners of Imp relied Accounts, are hereby required, in obedience to such Dire&son, to ddke out and dednft from the laid Accounts the. said Infupers, or such of them as.they shall think proper.; and also any Sum or.Sums which shall appear in the said Accounts to be doe to the said Corporation, bat. which (hail he ceBtoiied by the laid Corporation, or any Three

^	•	or



183

ji* GEO. III.	Cl	66,6j.

or more of the Members of the said Corporation, to the said Com>-miffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of /r#-land, to be in their Opinion irrecoverable.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Corpora- General ItTue. tion or any Member or Officer thereof, or any Perfon acting by the Diredknis or Authority thereof, shall be sued for any matter or thing done by him or them by virtue or in pursuance of this A A, or of the said recited Ads or any of them, it mail and may be lawful for him or them to plead the General Ifsue, and give this Ad and the special matter in Evidence,

CAP. LXVIL An Act for repealing the Daties of Cuftoms now payable on the Importation of Hides in the Hair, and granting new

Duties in Keu thereof.	[15th	June 1811.]

* XTTHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Cuftoms pav-4 W able on the Importation into Great Britain of Buffalo, Bull,

4 Ox and Cow Hides, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or 4 in any way dirtied,and imported from any Briti/b Colony or Set-4 tlement in Africa (n), should be repealed, and that other Daties 4 should be imposed in lieu thereof;’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prafent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That, from and after the Twentieth Day of June One thousand Dutiesonlm-eight hundred and eleven, the Duties of Cuftoms payable by Law Jor^Jl°2r?fUn’ upon Buffalo, Bull, Ox and Cow Hides, in the Hair, not being Afrk/to tanned, tawed, curried or in any way dracted, and being imported into Great Britain from any British Colony or Settlement in Africa, do cease and determine; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof, which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven ; and that, from and after a permanent the said Day, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there Uuty and War shall be railed, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his ^y-Heirs and Succeffors, upon every such Hide so imported as afbre-said, a permanent Duty of Cuftoms of Three Pence, and also a temporary or War Duty of Cuftoms of One Penny.	(a)	[Sre

49 G. 3. c. 98. Sch. A. Inwards, tit. Hides.']

II.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Duties Continuance of of Cuftoms hereby imposed, as fall under the Title and Description War Duty, of Temporary or War Duties, shall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby imposed Duties bonded upon the Importation of the said Hides shall and may be fecuced by under 43 <3. 3« Bond under the Regulations of an Aft passed in the Forty third C-I3l*

Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ad for permitting certain

Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Wareboufe without Payment cf Duty: Provided always, that the said Duties, and no Duties to be paid other, (hail be charged and payable on any of the said Hides, which on Hides take* ^	F	N4	having	out of Ware-

AJXiSii.

.184

C.67,68.

51* GEO. III.

house, though imported on or before June 20, l8xi.

Duties under Comixi'llioners of Cuftoms ;

How levied.

Application of Duties.

49G 3 «-98-

Aft may be altered, &€,

having been warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of any Ad of Parliament, without Payment of Duty, shall be taken out of any such Warehoufe or Place wherein the fame shall have been lodged or secured, for the Purpofe of being used or consumed in Great Britain, after the said Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, notwithstanding the fame may have been imported into Great Britain on or before the said Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commiffiuners of the Cuftoms in England for the time being; and. such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms of a like Nature are managed, afeertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Re* gulatious, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force, in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed again ft or in breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Ad, made for Securing the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several ClaOfes, Powers and Diredions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effed as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofcs as if they were at large repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

. VI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time ariling from the said Duties, the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame respectively excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer at Wefinunfier% and shall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the Duties imposed by the said recited Ad of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty are directed to be appropriated and applied.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Ad may be varied, altered or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be made io this present Scffioa of Parliament.

CAP. LXVIII,

An Act for charging an additional Duty on Verdigris imported,

[15th June 1811.]

4 XT THE REAS it is expedient that an additional Duty of Cuf-4 VV toms should be imposed on Verdigris imported into Great 4 Britain Be it therefore euaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Additional Duty and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling on Verdigris irn- of this Ad, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His gaud.	Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, an additional Duty of Cuftoms of

Twq

**s

AJD.181 u	$ i# GEO. III. C. 68*69.

Two Shillings per Pound on oil Verdigris imported or brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the additional Duty of Cuf- HowDutiet toms hereby imposed shall be managed, ascertained, railed, levied, col* 1,vled* le&ed, paid and recovered in such and the like manner as any Duties

of Cuftoms of the like Nature are managed, ascertained, railed, levied* collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain ; and all Powers, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on and immediately before the pafling of this Ad, made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Diredions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effed as to the said Duty, as fully and effe&ualiy to all Intents and Purpofes as if they were at large repeated and re-ena&ed in this Ad.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all Montes from time to Applicationcf time anting from the said Duty, the necessary Charges of railing Duties.

and accounting for the fame respectively excepted, shall from time

to time be paid uuto the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer at

Wejhninfter, and shall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner

as the Duties called Permanent Duties, imposed by* an Ad paffed

in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- 49 G 3.C.9J,

titled. An Ad for repealing the several Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in

Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof are direded

to be appropriated and applied*

CAP. LXIX.

An Ad for repealing the Duty on the Materials used in making Flint and Phial Glafs \ and for granting, until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof; and for continuing and amending an Ad passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glafs y and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better CoUeft/on of the said Duties.	[15th June I.]

1 YT7HEREAS by certain Ads of Parliament in foprS at and 1 W immediately before the pafling of this Ad, e^ iain Duties

*	of Excifc are chargeable on toe Materials, Metal or other Pre-

< pantiens, made use of, in Great Britainy in the making of Flint *

4 Glass, or Enamel, Stained or Pafte Glass, or Phial Glais, and cer-4 tain Drawbacks are allowed on the Exportation of such Glafs as 4 Merchandize; and certain countervailing Duties are also chargeable

*	on all such Glafs as aforesaid made in Ireland, and imported into 1 Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said 1 Duties and Drawbacks, and to impose other Duties and graut 1 other Drawbacks in lieu thereofBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent tf the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons* in this prefect

Pailiament

AJ).i8i>.

*85

DutiM and Drawbacks on Flint and Phial GlaTs Materials -ftcjtealed.

Duty on Flint sad Phial GUI's *toadciuG.B»

(>«mtenttft*ng Duty for juch as imported from IrebnA Drawbacks.

Duties under Commiflioners •f hxche.

Inti; of Lears.

Penalty.

Glafs Makers to lake out a Licence far each

Lt4f.

£:6&	51*	geo. m.

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the First Day of Augujl One thoafaod eight hundred and eleven, all and Angular the (aid Duties and Drawbacks flail cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable ; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

II.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the find First •Day. of Augujl One thousand eight hunrded and eleven, in lieu aad instead of the Duties by this Ad repealed, there flail be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Sueceffors, the several Rates and Duties of Exctfe hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, for every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass, and of Phial Glafs respectively, which shall be made in Great Britain, Two Pounds Nine Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or kfis Quantity; and for every Hundred Weight of Flint Glafs and of Phial Glafs respectively which shall be made in Ireland? and imported from thence into Great Britain, a countervailing Duty of Two Pounds Nine Shillings, and so in Proportion for any grater or left Quantity.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the following Drawbacks shall be allowed ; that is to fay, for every Hundred Weight of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs respectively made in Great Britain, and for which all the Duties imposed for and in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to foreign Puts or to Ireland, as Merchandize, a Drawback of Two Pounds Nine Shil* lings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Aft imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England t shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excite in England for the time being, and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

V.	And be it further enacted. That all and erery Maker and Makers of Glafs before he, she or they shall begin to anneal any Glafs or Glafs Wares whatsoever, shall make true and particular Entry in Writing of all and every Lear and Lears by him, her or them respectively intended to be made use ofi for the annealing of Glass, at the Office of Excife within the Compafs or Limits whereof such Lear or Lears respectively shall be situate, on Pam of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for every Lear which he, she or they shall make use of for the annealing of any Glafs or Glafs Wares whatsoever, without having made such Entry thereof as afbrefeid.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glass, before he, she or they shall presume to make use of any Lear in or for the annealing of Flint Glafs or Phial Glass, shall, over and besides the Licence for each and every his, her or tlteir Glafshoufc, take out such Licence or Licences hereinafter mentioned, as the case may require, authorizing him, her or them to make use of such Lear for the annealing of Flint Glafs and Phial Glass,. or cither of them, which Licences

refpeftively

refpe&rely flxali be granted in manner hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, if any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Per* son or Perfons to whom the fame shall be granted, to make use of any such Lear for the annealing of Flint Giafs and Phial Glass, or either of them, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, the fame shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or mare of the Commimoners of Excife in England for the time being, or of such Perfons as they the said Commimoners of Excife, or the major Part of them for the time being, shall from time to time appoint for that Purpofe ; but if any (ucb Licence shall be granted to authorize the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame shall be grant* ed, to make use of any Lear for the annealing of Flint Glafs and Phial Glass, or either of them, in that Part of Great Britain called England, out of the Limits of the said Chief Office of Excife, the tame shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Supervisors of Excife within their refpettive Collections and Diftrids ; and in case any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame shall Jje granted, to make use of any Lear for the annealing of Fliut Glafs and Phial Glass, or either of them, within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, the fame shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being, or if any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Per-fon or Perfons to whom the fame shall be granted, to make use of any such Lear for the annealing of Flint Glafs and Phial Glass, or either of them, in any Part of Scotland, out of the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, then the fame shall be granted under the refpec-tive Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Supervisors of Excite in Scotland within their respective Colled ions and Diftri&s, aiid such ttfpe&ive Commissioners of Excife, or Two or more of them refpec* tively, and the Perfons to be appointed by the said Commissioners of Excife in England\ or the major Part of them, and also all such Collegers and Supervisors, are hereby respectively authorized and re* quired to grant such Licences to the Perfons who shall apply for the fame, on the Perfon or Perfons applying for the fame hrft pay* ing the Sum of Twenty five Pounds for each such Licence which shall be granted previous to the Tenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and eleven, to authorize the Perfon or Perfons to whom the lame shall be granted to make use of any Lear in or for the annealing of Flint Glafs and Phial Glass, or either of them, un« til the said Tenth Day of OSobtr ; and the Sum of One hundred Pounds for each such Licence which shall be granted to authorize the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame shall be granted to make use of any Lear for the annealing of Flint Glafs and Phial Glass, or either of them, after the said Tenth Day of October ;■ Provided always, nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to include in any one Licence, any Number of such Lears belonging to the fame Per* son or Perfons who shall take out any such Licence, on such Perfon or Perfons paying in manner aforesaid for each such Lear the Sum of Twenty five Pounds or One hundred Pounds as the case «iay require, for each and every such Lear included in any such Licence ; any thing herein contained to the coutrary in any wife not-withft ending.

ProvKb*

VII. Pro.

A.D.iSii.

la what case a Lear may be

used thwugh not Sicenled.

I I'crKfs renewed yearly.

Peaahy.

Te whom Money for Li-ctaeea paid*

FW long Licences to remain 2U iorce.

Officers of Excife to number and mark Pot-holes, Lc,

C.69.	51* GEO. III.

VII.	Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no. thing in this Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent any Maker or Makers of Flint or Phial Glafs from using a Lear, in respect of which no Licence has been taken out, for the Purpofe of annealing Flint Glafs of the Sort or Defcription which is made for cutting; provided such Lear in respect of which no Licence has been taken out, be immediately contiguous to a Lear in respect of which a Licence has been taken out, and the Entrance of which shall be in the full View of any Officer or Officers of Ex-cife, who shall at the fame time observe and infped the Entrance of such contiguous Lear, in respect of which a Licence shall have been taken out, and the Difcharge Hole of which shall be iti the 1 Weighing Room hereinafter mentioned, and not more than Twelve Feet from the Difcharge Hole of such contiguous Lear, in refped

of which a Licence (hau have been taken out; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons shall make life of any Lear in or for the annealing of Flint Glafs and Phial Glass, or either of them, after the Expiration of such his, i her or their Licence for or in respect of such Lear, unless such Perfon or Perfons shall take out a fre(h Licence for the like Purpofe iu the manner hereinbefore directed, Ten Days at the lead before the Expiration of such former Licence, and so in like manner renew every such Licence from Year to Year; and if any Perfon or Per. fons shall presume to make use of any Lear in or for the annealing

of Flint Glafs and Phial Glass, or either of them, without first taking out a Licence authorizing him, her or them, so to do, and renewing the fame as hereinbefore iu that Behalf directed, he, (he or they shall for each such Lear made use of as aforesaid, without such Licence as aforesaid, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

IX.	And be it further ena&ad, That the said several Sums of Money by this Ad directed to be paid for such Licences refpec-tively, shall be paid for such respective Licences to such Perfons as are hereinafter in that Behalf respectively mentioned; that is to fay, such thereof as shall be paid for any Licence which shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excife in London ; and such thereof as shall be paid for any Licence which shall be taken out within the Limits.of the City of Edinburgh, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excife in Edinburgh ; and such thereof as shall be paid for any Licence which shall be taken out in any Part of Great Britain, net within the said respective Limits, shall be paid to the Colledor of Excife granting such Licence.

X.	And be it further enacted. That every Licence to be granted under or by virtue of this Ad, shall remain and continue in force until and upon the Tenth Day of Offober next ensuing the granting thereof, and no longer.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfol to and for all and every the Officers of Excife, from time to time and at all times, to mark and number in such manner as he or they shall think fit, all and every the Workhouses, Pot-chambers, Potholes, Lears, Warehouses, Rooms and other Places whatsoever,

entered

A.D.iSii.

5 »• GEO. HI.

C.69.

«a*

entered or made use of by any Maker or Makers of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glass, for the making or keeping of Flint Glafs or Phial Glass, or for the preparing or keeping any Material or Preparation for the making of Flint Glafs or Pnial Glass; and if any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever shall hinder or obftruA any such Officer or Officers in so marking or numbering any such Workhouse, Pot-chamber, Pot-hole, Lear, Warehouse, Room or other Place, or lhali wilfully alter, deface or obliterate any fuel) Mark, or cause or procure any such Mark to be defaced or obliterated, or shall connive at any such Mark being so defaced or obliterated, the Perfon or Perfons so offending shall, for each and every Offence, forfeit and lufe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to erect, build, make and construct every Lear by him, her or them, intended to be made use of for the annealing of Flint Glass, or of Phial Glass, in a rectangular Form, with the Sides and Ends thereof perpendicular and parallel to each other respectively, and the Bottom thereof level, and with only One Mouth or Entrance into the fame respectively, and only One Dif-chargc Hole out of the fame, and which (aid Di(charge Hole shall open into and communicate with the Weighing Room hereinafter mentioned, and no other Room or Place whatsoever; and all and every such Maker and Makers shall number all such Lears pro-grcffively with a durable Mark, and shall keep and continue the tame respectively numbered in manner aforesaid, for so long time as the fame respectively shall be made use of as aforesaid; and if any such Maker or Makers shall erect, build, make or conftrud any Lear contrary to the Dire&ionfl of this Ad, or shall negleCt or refuse to number the fame in manner aforesaid, or to keep or continue the fame numbered as aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Ad, or shall make use of any *Lear not conftruCted in the manner in that Behalf hereinbefore directed, all and every such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glass, shall, at his, her or their own Expence, find, provide and affix a good, sufficient and secure Iron Grating to the Mouth or Entrance of every Lear by him, her or them intended to be made use of for the annealing of Flint Glafs or Phial Glass; and each and every such Lear, and the Mouth or Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof, shall be securely locked, (aliened and sealed by the Officer or Officers of Excife, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers refpeAively shall from time to time be, at all times, except when such Maker or Makers shall be actually at Work in putting, placing or depofftrng therein. Articles, Vefiels or Utenfils of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glals, for the Purpofe of annealing the fame therein, or when such Lear shall be opened by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, in pursuance of such previous Notice as is hereinafter directed and preferibed for opening the fame, for the Purpofe of lighting Fire in or heating the fame, for annealing Articles, Vefiels or Utenfils of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glass, or for the Purpofe of drawing or taking any such Articles, Vcffels or .Uttnfils as aforesaid, from or out of such Lear, or for the Purpofe of

Recefiarily

Penalty.

How Flint ant Phial Glafs Makers to coo-ftrwdl their Lexrs.

Penalty.

Flint or Phial Glafs Makers to affix Iron Grating to Entrance of Lear. Lear to be locked by Officer. Exception*

A.D.1811.

If9

C.6(fj

51* GEO. III.

Penalty.

Flint or Phial GlaTs Maker to anneal Flint or Phial Wares in Leas.

Penalty.

No Flint pf Phial Giafs Maker 10 have in bis Lrear any other Species of Clefs with Filial GUfs.

Penalty.

Notice ofbeating Lears.

neceffarily repairing the fame; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse so to find or provide any such Iron Grating* or to amt the fame in manner hereinbefore dirested, he, she or they fhall9 for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sun of One hundred Pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That all and every Maker or Makers of Flint Giafs or of Phial Giafe, Audi put, place or deposit in one or more such Lear or Lears as aforesaid, for the Purpole of annealing the fame, and shall anneal therein all the Flint Giafs aitd Phial Giafs respectively, which shall from time to time be by him, her or them made or manufa&ured; and if any Maker or Makers of Flint Giafs or of Phial Giafs shall omit or fail to anneal in such Lear or Lears, any Portion of the Flint or Phial Giafs by him, her or them manufa&ured, or {Hall put, place or deposit in any Kiln, Stove or Oven, or annealing Arch or Oven, other than such Lear or Lears as aforesaid, any Flint Giafs or Phial Giafs for the Purpofe of annealing the fame, or shall anneal the fame therein, he, (he or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum erf Two hundred Pounds.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers of Flint Giafs or of Phial Giafs shall at one and the fame Time put* place, have or keep, in any I^ear entered or made use of for the annealing of Flint Giafs or of Phial Giafs, any Articles, Vefiels or Utenfils of different makings, nor any Sort or Species of Giafs, or Giafs Wares, other than.Flint Giafs or Phial Giafs Wares; and if any such Maker or Makers shall at one and the fame time put, place, have or keep in any Lear, entered or made use of for the annealing of Flint Giafs or of Phial Giafs, any Articles, Veffels or Utenfils of different makings, or any Sort or Species of Giafs, or Giafs Wares, other than Flint Giafs, or Phial Giafs, or Flint Giafs Wares or Phial Giafs Wares, every such Maker or Makers so offend* ing shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lofo the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That when any Maker or Makers of Flint Giafs, or of Phial Giafs, shall intend and be defiroua to prepare, light or kindle any Fire to heat his, her or their Lear, into which any Flint Giafs or Phial Giafs is intended to be put or deposited for the Purpofe of annealing the fame, such Maker or Makers shall give to the Officer of Excife under whose Survey he, (he or they shall then be, Six Hours Notice in Writing of such hist her or their Intention, and upon such Notice beiug given, fuck Officer shall attend at the time mentioned in such Notice, and shall unlock aud open such Lear, and the Mouth or Entrance and Iron Grating thereof; and if any such Maker or Makers (hail negldfc or refuse to light or kindle such Fire within One Hour after such Lear, and the Mouth or Entrance and Iron Grating thereof shall be opened by such Officer, then such Notice shall be void, and such Officer shall again immediately after the Expiration of such One Hour, lock up, fallen and feai such Lear, and the Mouth or Entrance and Iron Grating thereof, in manner aforesaid; and such Maker or Makers shall give the like and a fresh Notice in Wilting to* such Officer, bci» fore such Lear, or the Mouth or Entrance, or Iron Grating thereof* shall be again opened.

XVEL And

A.D.i8n.

5i# GEO. in.«

C.6*	lyi

XVII.	And be it further ena&cd, Thai it shall and may be law- R^ulirow far ful to and for the Officer and Officers of Excise under whose Sur- Gfccer}* lockiag vey any Glafshpufe for the making of Flint Glpfs or Phial GUfs shall be, and such Officer and Officers ia and are hereby required,. when and so soon as any Journey of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafa making shall be finiffied, if the fame (hatt be finiffied at or'before Six ofthe Clock in the Evening of Saturday in any Week, and if. such Journey shall riot be finiffied at or before Six of the Clock in the Evening of Saturday in any Week, then at Six of the Clock in the Evening of such Saturday to lock, (cal, fallen and secure every Lear of or belonging to such Glafshouse, and the Mouth or Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof, and to keep the fame locked, sealed, fattened and secured from thenceforth, until such Maker or Makers shall give to such Officer or Officers such Notice as is hereinbefore directed Nodes, and required of such Maker or Makers, Intention to prepare, light or kindle a Fire as aforesaid, to heat such Lear, and in no cafc>

(iooner than the Hour of Eight in the Evening of the Sunday next' following such locking, sealing, fattening and focuring of such Lear ;r and if any Perfon or Perfons mall obstruct or hinder any such Officer OMmdivg Of. or Officers, or any Perfon or Perfons by him or them employed in ****• that behalf, in so locking, sealing, fattening or securing any such Lear, or the Mouth, Entrance or Iron Grating thereof, in such manner as such Officer or Officers ffiall direct or think expedient to answer the Purpofe by this .Ad, hi that behalf intended, or ffiall attempt or endeavour lo to do, or ffiall by any Means, Art, Device or Contrivance whatsoever open any such Lear, or the Mouth, Entrance or Iron Grating thereof respectively, after the fame ffiall have been locked, sealed, fattened or secured as aforesaid, before the fame shall have been Unlocked and opened by the proper Officer or Officers of Excifc, or shall wilfully break or damage any such Lock, Seal or Fattening, then and in every such case the Perfon or Perfons so offending ffiall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.	.	P*odty*

XVIII.	And be it further eoacted, That all and every Maker Flint and Pfcil and Makers of Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs ffiall, and he, ffie and they is and are hereby required, at his, her and their own Expence, to find sod provide, or erect, build, make and conttruft a good, fuffi- k*0 fee kept cient and secure Weighing Room in each and every Flint Glafs-’ locked by house or Phial Glafshoufe to him, her or them belonging, which Offices.

Room shall be near to and communicate with the Lear or Lears of such Glafshouse; and save and excepting the Difcharging Hole or Holes of the said Lear or Lears, no such Room ffiall have more than ooe Door or Entrance into the fame, and the said Dooc or Entrance ffiall open diredtiy into and afford and form an immediate Communication with the Re-weighing Room hereinafter mentioned and required, and no Difcharging Hole of any such Lear ffiall open into any Room or Place other than such Weighing Room; and such >

Weighing Room and the Door or Entrance thereof ffiall be fccurely locked, rattened and sealed by the Officer or Officers of Excife, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers ffiall from time to time be, at all times when there ffiall be any Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs therein, or in the Lear or Lears communicating therewith, save and except when the fame ffiall be opened by such Officer or Officers for the Purpofe of weighing and taking an Account of the Articles,

Veflefo

A.D.i8ii*

jjfi

Cifip*

SI* GEO. m.

Notire of open-»ig Weighing Room.

Negle&ing so build Weighing Room.

Rtnalty*

Ptmt and Phial Glafc Makers to provide Annealing Pans or Trays, with a Win dial's and Machinery for carrying them, with the Glafs Ware* therein, through the i.ear, into the Weighing Room.

Veffels and Utenfils respectively of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafa therein, and charging the Duty thereon in pursuance of such Notice as is hereinafter mentioned, or for the Puipofe of such Mmker or Makers, or his, her or their Servants arranging or regulating the Pofitions of the Pans or Trays of Articles, Veffels or Utenfils hereinafter mentioned, which shall have been drawn, rolied, conveyed or conducted, through the Lear or Lears communicating with the said Weighing Room into the said Weighing Room; and when any such Maker or Makers shall be desirous of having the Door or Entrance of any such Weighing Room unlocked or opened for the Purpofe lad aforesaid, such Maker or Makers shall give to the Officer of Excife under whose Survey he, (he or they mall then be. One Hour’s previous Notice in Writing of his, her or their being fi» desirous, and specifying in such Notice the particular Weighing Room which be, (he or they is or are so desirous to have unlocked or opened for the Purpofe last aforesaid; and the particular Time and Hour when he, (he or they is or are desirous to have the fame so unlocked or opeoed, whereupon such Officer shall attend pursuant to such Notice, and shall unlock and open the said Door or Entrance, aod shall keep and continue the fame so unlocked or opened for the Space of Half an Hour; during which Time such Maker or Makers, or one of his, her or their Servants, shall be at Liberty to arrange or regulate the Pofitions of the said Pans or Trays in the said Weighing Room, in the Prefence and under the Infpedion of the said Officer; and when the Arrangement or Regulation pf the said Pans or Trays shall be finished, or at the End of the said Half an Hour (whichever of them shall first happen), such Officer shall again lock, fallen and secure the said Door or Entrance $ and if any Maker or Makers of Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs shall neglect or refute to find and provide or ered, build, make or conftrud such Weighing Room as aforesaid in any such Glafshouse, to him, her or them belonging, the Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds i Provided always nevertheless, that no such Maker or Makers shall be at Liberty to give, or shall give any such Notice or Notices as last aforesaid, for having the Door or Entrance of any Weighing Room opened more than Once within the Space of any Twclve Hours, nor shall any Officer or Officers of Excife, in pursuance or under Pretence of any such Notice or Notices, unlock or open any such Door or Entrance more than Once within the Space of any Twclve Hours; any tiling hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwith(landing.

* XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs shall also at his, her or their own Expence, make and conftrud a proper and sufficient Number of Iron Pans or Trays to receive and contain, during the annealing thereof, in the Lear or Lears of or belonging to each Flint Glafshoufe or Phial Glafshoufe to him, her or them belonging respectively, ail the Articles, Veffels and Utenfils of Flint GlaU or of Phial Glafs respectively, which shall from time to time be made or blown, at or in such rcfpedive Glafshouse, and shall also find, provide and apply to such Iron Pans or Trays, good and fuffident Chains, Roliers, Iuftruments, Apparatus and Machinery, fit and proper for working the (aid Iron Pans or Trays, and conveying and

.condu&ing

A.D.Wii.	5‘*^6.111.	C.^9*

conducing the fame refpe&tviely, with such Article*, Veflelf ao<i Utenfils of Flint Glafs or of jPhial Glafs respectively therein qV thereon, immediately from the Mou& or Mouths of .such Leer Qf Lears, into the laid Lear or Lears, for the Purpofe of annf&ling, the fame therein, and shall also, at his, her and their own Expence, provide and erect, in the raoft convenient Part of every FuchGIafrj-Iioufe for tiling the fame, a fit, proper and convenient Win^lafs* for the Purpole pf drawing, rolling, conveying and conducting all and evefy such Pans or Trays, wuh the said Articles, Veflels and Utenfils of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs therein or thereon, from the Mouth or Mouths of the said Lear or Learq, into the faia Lear or Le&rs, and also for drawing, rolling, conveying and condu£^injg all and every such Pans or Trays, with the laid (Articles,. Veflels ana Utenfils of Flint Glafs or oF Phial Glafs therein or ^hereon, though the said Lear or Lears, and for drawing, rolling, conveying and conducing the said Pans or Trays, with the said Articles, Veflels ax^d Utenlils refpe&ivety therein or thereon, from and out, of the* said Lear or Lears into the -faid Weighing Room, when such Articles,

Veflels and Utenfils respectively shall haye been fufficieiitly anoealpdf in the said Lear or Lears, for the Purpofe of the Officer or Officers of Excife, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers fliafl from, time to time be weighing and taking an Account of such Article*

Veffeb and Utenfih respectively, in the said Weighing Room, and charging the Duty for or in respect thereof refpe£Uv.dy % and if. any Bfttdhfetaam' such Maker or Makers of Flint Glafs or of phial Glafs /kail oegleA (UuC lion Fibs* or refuse so to make or construct a proper and fufficxmt Number q£ Sec.

Iron Pans or Trays to contain and convey into ana out? of,.such Lear or Lears for the Purpofe of annealing all such Articles, Veftej^ and Utenfils as aforesaid, which shall from time to time be made or blown at or in any l'uch Glafshouse, or to (ind, provide or apply to such Iron Pans or Trays, or any or either of them, such good and sufficient Chains, Roliers, Inftrumeats, Apparatus and Machinejyj fit and proper for working the said Iron Pans or Trays, or any or either ot them, for any or either of the Purpofes in that Bc-half aforesaid, or shall neglect or refine to (ipd, provide or ere^,. in manner in that behalf aforesaid, any such, /it, proper pr conve?. nient Windlafs as is in that behalf aforesaid,. all and every fuch’.

Maker or Makers of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs refpj&ively ft* offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

XX.	And be it further enaAed, That all and every Maker, a^a Flint GUfi Maker's of Flint'Glafs.or of Phial Glafs shall from time to tinae. Makers tode* and at all times when and so soon as any Article, Veffel or UjeafiJ posit the Wares of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs.shall be made or blown, put« lay ondlhehT"^, and deposit the fame on’ or in one of such, Pans or Traya which (haft *“ at that time (be placed within the Mouth or Entrance of the-Lear into the Leer,

(or the Purpofe of reoeiving the Articles, Veflels and tyenfils q£ and from thence

Flint Glafi or of, Phial Glafs so made .or blown, and (Jiaft in likjj jntopt|^JVe*S^*

manner proceed and continue t# put, Lay and deppfij on Qj Jp^th^v

said Pan or Tray so placed as aforesaid, such Amciw,,;Ve^li ppj

Utenfils as aforesaid, until the Bottom pr Surface of. the bid Pan

or Tray (toll he nllea or jcovered, ifbd (haft keep apd qpn^nue,ajj

Si Gi*. Ill,	O	k«

*94

C.69.,

51? GEO. III.

AJ).i&iu

See,

te drawn, rolied,, removed* conveyed or conduced pn or in such Fan r Tray into the Lear of the said Glafshoufe as hereinafter mentioned ; and when and so soon as the Bottom or Surface of such Pan or Tray shall be filled or covered by or with such Articles, Velfels or Utenfils as aforesaid, such Maker or Makers shall by means of such Chains, Roliers,. Inftruments, Windlafs and Machinery as aforesaid, draw, roll, remove, convey and conduct the fame wita the whole of the said Articles, Veflels and Utenfils therein or thereon into the said Lear, for the Purpofe of annealing the said Articles, Veflels and Utenfils respectively therein; and such Maker or Makers (hill, keep and continue each such Pan or Tray with the said Articles, Veflels and Utenfils refpe&ivcly therein or thereon in such J,ear,. until the said Articles, Veflels and Utenfils shall be sufficiently annealed ; and when the fame shall be so annealed, shall in like manlier draw, roll, remove, convey and condu6\ the said Pan or Tray with the said Articles, Veflels and Utenfils therein or thereon from and out of such Lear directly unto and into the said Weighing Room, and shall, without altering or disturbing the Pofitions of such Articles, Veflels and Utenfils, or any or either of them, on or in such Pan of Trav, keep and continue the fame in the said Weighing Ifcoom, until the Officer or Officers of Excife under whose Survey such Maker or Makers of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs shall then be, shall have taken an Account of and weighed the said Articles, Veffels and Utenfils respectively, and charged the Duty for or in Rtfufirigtnislsice rfcfpeft thereof respectively ; and if any Maker or Makers of Flint Article* fa Pins, Glafs or of Phial Glafs shall neglect or refuse to put, lay or deposit any Article, Veflel or Ulenfil of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs on or ito one of such Pans or Trays so placed as aforesaid., when and so soon as such Article, Veflel or Utenfil shall be blown or made, or shall neglect or refuse to proceed or so to continue to put, lay or deposit On or in the said Pan or Tray so placed as aforesaid, such Articles, Veflels or Utenfils as aforesaid, until the Bottom or Surface of the said Pan or Tray shall be filled or covered, or shall neglect or refuse to keep or continue any such Articles, Veflels or Utenfils respectively on or m such Pan or Tray as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse so to draw, roll, remove, convey or conduct any such Pan or Tray with the whole of the said Articles, Veflels and Utenfils therein or thereon into the said Lear, for the Purpofe of annealing the laid Articles, Veflels and Utenfils respectively therein; or if any such . Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to keep or continue any such Fan or Tray with the said Articles, Veflels and Utenfils refpe&ivelr therein or thereon in any such Lear, until the said Articles, VefTek and Utenfils shall be so annealed, or shall neglect or refuse so to draw, roll, remove, convey or conduct in manner in that behalf aforesaid,

. any such Pan or Tray with such Articles, Veflels and Utenfils as in that behalf aforesaid, therein or thereto, from or out of such Lear directly uxlto and into the said Weighing Room, or shall neglect Or refuse to keep or continue any such Articles, Veflels or Utenfils . as in that behalf aforesaid,‘without altering or disturbing the Pofitions thereof, or the Pofition of any or either of them, on or in any torch Pan or Tray as in that behalf aforesaid, or to keep or continue the fame in she said Weighing Room until the Officer or Officers of Excife under whose Survey such Maker or Makers of Flint Glafs tir of Phial Glafs shall then be, shall have taken an Account of, and ;	-	-	- - *........ 12	weighed

A.D.i8iu	si*	GEO.	in.	C.tSp*	rp$

weighed the find Articles, Veflels and Utenfils respectively, and charged, the Duty for and in respect thereof rcfpe&ively, all and every such Maker and Makers of Flint GlaU or of Phial Glass, (b offending, shall, for each and every. loch Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum Penalty, of Two hundred Pounds.

XXI.	And be it further eroded, That all and every Maker and Flint and Phial Makers of Flint Glafs Or of Phial Glafs shall, when and so soon as M t0 any Journey or Making of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs shall be S*v« Officcr* fioished, and before the Mouth, Entrance or Iron Grating of the Nurnber af Pans Lear or Lears, or any or either of them, into which the Articles, filled with GUI*, Veflels or Utenfils of Flint Glafs or of .Phial Glafs respectively of of that Journey, that Journey or Making shall have been put, shall be locked, fattened or secured by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, deliver to

the proper Officer of Excife a Declaration in Writing, specifying the true Number of such Iron Pans or Trays as aforefiud, into or on which such Articles, Veflels or Utenfils of Flint Ghds or of Phial Glass, as the case may be, of that particular Journey or Making shall have been put, and which shall have been so filled with such Articles, Veflels or Utenfils, and put or deposited in each such Lear ; and. if any'fuch Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to deliver Inch Declaration in Writing, such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such .Offence, forfeit and lose the penalty.

Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXII.	And be it further eroded. That all and every Maker or1 Flint and Phial

Makers of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs Audi, and he, (he and they Glafs Makers to is and are hereby required to keep fuffident and just Scales and f?1** Weights, at the Place or Places where he, (he or they (bail make or	*

raanufe&ure any Flint Glafs or Phial Glass, and shall, at his, her qr

their own Expenee, find, provide and affix within his, her or their Weighing Room and Re-weighing Room respectively, fit and proper Hooks or Staples, and also permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excite to use the feme, for the Purpofe of weighing and taking an Account of and re-weighing the Flint Glafs and Phial GUIs respectively, which (hail at' any time be in the Pofieffion of finch Maker and Makers; and if any fnch Maker or Makers (haH ncgled to keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall not at his, her or their own Expence find, provide and affix in manner aforefiud, such fit and proper Hooks or Staples as aforefiud, or*

shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to use the fame, such Maker or Makere shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and if any such Penalty.

Maker or Makers (halt, in the weighing or re-weighing of any Making use of Flint Glafs or Phial Glass, make use of, or cause, or procare, or ****’• Scales, suffer to be made use of, any fetfe, unjust or infnfficient Scales or Weights,, or (halt jpra&tfe any Art, Device or. Contrivance, by which any fudb Officer or Officers may be hindered or prevented from taking the just and true Weight of any such Flint Glafe or Phial Ghds rdpe&ivtly, then and in every iuch case such Maker or Maker*.ih an, for each and every fubh Offence* forfeit and lose the Sudi of Erie hundred Pounds, with all such faHe, unjust or Faulty, insufficient Scabs and Weights respectively, and the feme Audi and wayhefeined by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

XXilL And he it further eroded, That all and every Maker Hint and Phial and Makers nf Eliot Safe, or of Phial Glais, being definms to Glafe Makers t#

O a	have	liv« Si* Houm

AD*i8ii*

igf	C.69.	51? GEO. IIL

Notice for	have any Weighing Room to bun, her or them belonging, unlocked

having Weighing	opened, for 'the Purpbfe of weighing and charging with the

Rooms opened,	any Kint jQlafs or Phial Glafs therein, shall give to the Oft-

cer of Excife under whose Survey he, file ot (they shall then be. Six Hours previous Notice in Writing of ‘hi«r her. or their being fb defiroua, andfpecifying in such Notice each particular Weighing Room which he, fixe or they is or are so de&rous to have unlocked or opened for the Purpaf*6 afore bud, and the particular Time and Hour at which he, she or they is or are desirous to have the lame £0 unlocked or opened: and upon fnch Notice being given, such Officer shall attend at the time mentioned in such Notice, and shall unlock and open such Weighing Room far the Purpofes aforefeid, and such Officer shall proceed to weigh, and shall (weigh the whole of the Flint Glafs and Phial Glafs respectively, (whether whole or broken) with such Scales and Weights as aforesaid in the laid Weighing Room, and shall charge such Maker or Makers with the Duty far and in respect of fnch FKnt Glafs and Phial Glafs refpe&iwely. In wVut c*fe according to such Weight: Providbd always nevertheless, that no Notice void for such Maker or Makers shall be at liberty to give any fnch Notice opening Weifeh- for having any such Weighing Room, or the Door or Entrance ing Room. thereof opened, for the Parpofos aforesaid, at any other time than ,; between tike Hours of Six in the Morning, and Six in the Afternoon ; and every Notice given for having any fiich Weighing]Roomr or the Door or Entrance thereof opened^ at any other Time* or Hour than between the dHonrs in that behalf aforesaid, shall, andf ' the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and . Purpofes ,wb*tfoever.

Warrant to	XXIV.	And be it further enafied, That if any Officer or Officers

feirch for Glafs of Excbfe shall have cause to fulped: that puy Flint Gbds,..or Phial fraudulently Glste, which shall, contrary to the Diregions of this- AA, have conveyed away. been fraudulently, removed or conveyed away before the fame shall have been weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excite, according to the Dire&ians of this A&, shall be dcposited, lodged, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, then and in such case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Cities of London or IVijimixjhr, or within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excite in Loudon* upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Gonxmiffioners of Excife in England for the time being, or any Two or. more of them, or in case such Place fhaU be in any other Fart of trnat Aritain, upon Oath, made by such Officer or Officers before One or mare Juftice or Juft ices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divilion or Place, where such Officer or Officers shall suspect the «	fame to betdeposited* lodged, hid or concealed (which refpe&ive

Oaths.they the faid	Excife,	ar>	any	Two oe more

of them* and Juftice or Juft ices of Ah* Peace refpe&ratfy, or#hereby authorized and’empowered tp adminiftec), letting forth the Ground of lias or their Suspicion, itfhafy and 'may be lawful to fwL&t the said Commissioners oi -Excife, an any :Two or mare of them>>oi the-Juftice or Justices of the Peace respectively fas:the cafemyrr-cpiire) before whom such Oath Audi be made,, if they or be shall it Teafonablb, by Speoiai Warrant or Warrants under hkaad their respective Hands and Seals, ta authorize and empowerluch Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if m the Night, then in the^Pxefdnq| ofk Caaflabfc or othex lawful Offioer-of Feace,

to

A«D.i8ik

ji* GEO. III.

C6^

I9l

to enter intb alT and every such Place or Places where he or the* QiaU so suspect such Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs to be deposited, lodged^ hid or coocealed,' and to seize and carry away all fucn Flint Glafo and Phial Glafs which he or they shall then and there find so depoGted, lodged) hid or concealed as forfeited; and if any Perforf or Perfons whatsoever shall let) obffcru& or hinder any such Office* or Officers so authorized or empowered, or any other Perfon or Perfons atting in his or their Aid or Affi&ance in the Execution of such Warrant) from entering any such Place or Places where such Officer or Officers fhaM so fufpefct such Flint Glafs or Phial Glaft to be so depoGted, lodged, bid or concealed, or in Seizing or carrying away the fame, or in the due Execution of any such Warrint, the Perfon or Perfons so offending fhatt, for each* and every such Offence,' federally forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That all Enamel, Stained of Fade Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain shall be deemed and taken to be Flint Glafs within the meaning of this A&.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That in every such Weighing of any such Flint Glafs or Phial Glass, the Turn of the Scale shall be given in favour of the Crown, and in lieu thereof there shall be allowed to such Maker or Makers of such Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs respectively, One Ponnd Weight’ upon each and every One hundred rounds of such Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs so weighed.

XXVII.	Aud be it further enacted, That all and every Maker

and Makers of Flint Glass, shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required, at his, her and their own Expence, to find and provide) or ered, build, make and conftriiA a good, sufficient aud secure Re-weighing Room, in or adjoining to each and every Flint Glafshoufe or Phial Glafshouse, as the Cafe may require, to him, her or them belonging, which Room shall be contiguous and next adjoining to the said Weighing Room, and shall be separated or divided therefrom only by a Wall not more than Two Feet in Thick • nefs, and the Door of Communication (hall*he in such Wall between the (aid Weighing Room and Re-weighnfg Room; and no such Re-weighing Room (hail have more than Two Doors or Entrances jnto the fame. One thereof being the said Door of Communication between the said Weighing Room and Re-weighing Room, and the other thereof opening into or communicating with any Part of the Premifesappertaining to the'Glafshoufe to which such Re-weighing Room may belong; and each and every such Re-weighing Room, and the Doors orEntrances thereof, shall be securely locked, fattened and sealed by the Officer or Officers of Excife under whose Survey fnch Maker or Makers of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs refpoc-tively shall from time to time be, whenever any Glafs which shall have been weighed and charged by such Officer or Officers shall be or remain, put, placed or depoiited theiein, for and during the Space of Six Hours after the fame shall have been weighed, unless the lame shall have been sooner re-weighed by the Surveyor or Supervjfor of Excife, according to the Dire&ions of this Aft; and when and fo1 soon as any Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs shall be weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, the Maker or Makers thereof shall, with a sufficient Number of his, her pr their Workmen or Servants, without Dehy or Ioterraption, aud with all due Diligence and Difi patch, remove and cpnvey the fame and every fart thereof-from arid !	O	3	out

Obftru&ing Execution of Search Wan ant.

Penalty. Enamel, he. deemed Flint Gla&.

Turn of Scale In Favour of the Crown.

Glafs Makers to provide a Re-weigtriflg Roorti, for depofking ‘ Flint Glafs weighed and charged by Officer for a certain time, unleisre-weighed in the Interim by Supervisor.

A-D.i&r f,

*S?	0.69#	51® GEO. IIL

out of the' said Weighing Room unto and into the said Re-weighing Room* and shall there place and deposit the fame in the said Re-weighing Room separate and apart from all other Glafs or Glafa Warea whatsoever; and such Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs refpe&iveJy shall remain in such Re-weighing Room where so placed or oepofited for the full Space of Six Hours after the fame shall have been so weighed as aforefaid* unless the fame shall have been sooner re-weighed by the respective Surveyors or Supervifors of Excife* to the end that the said Surveyors or Supervifors refpe&ivelv may have an Opportunity to weigh or re-weigh the fame; and toe said respective Surveyors or Supervifors are hereby atitliorized and empowered to weigh or re-weigh all such Flint Glafs and Phial Glafs respectively accordingly ; and if upon the re-weighing thereof any additional Weight shall be difeovered or found* such additional Weight of Flint Glafs and Phial Glafs respectively shall be chargeable and charged with the respective Duties by Law payable for or in respect of such Flint Glafs or Phial Glafa refpe&ivdy; and in case any such Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs so removed ana conveyed into any such Re-weighing Room* shall not be re-weighed by any Surveyor or Sopervifor of Excife within the said Space of Six Flours* then and in every such case the Officer of Excife* under whose Survey such Maker or Makers of Glafs shall then be* shall lock* seal and fallen the said Weighing Room* and the (aid Door of Communication between the fame and the said Re-weigbing Room* and shall unlock and open the said other Door or Entrance into the (aid Re-Neglecting to weighing Room;.and if any such Maker or Makers of Flint GlaTs ^U ,RooBDWel^ or 0 ^ial Glafs shall neglect or refute to fiud and provide* or ered* JJ* m? build* make or con ftru A such Re-weighing Room as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refufe* when and so soon as any Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs (nail be weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, with a sufficient Number of his, her or their Workmen or Servants* to remove or convey any such Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs without Delay or Interruption* and with all due Diligence and Difpatch from or out of the said Weighiug Room, unto and into the (hid Reweighing Room* or shall neglect or refuse to place or. deposit the lame or any Part thereof in the said Re-weighing Room as aforesaid, separate and apart from all other Glafs or Glafs Wares whatfoever* or shall remove or convey, or caufe* procure or suffer to be removed or conveyed from or out of fuck Re-weighing Room, any Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs before the End or Expiration of Six Honrs next after the fame shall have been so weighed a* aforesaid by the proper Officer of Excife* unless the fame mall have been fopner weighed or reweighed by the respective Surveyors or Supervifors of Excife* the Penon or Perfons so offending (hall* for each and every such Offence, Penalty.	forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; Provided always

Iron Grating,&c. neverthdefs* that no Iron Grating, Weighing Room or Re-weighing 5hv Officer^ ^•ooin* shall he deemed or taken to be a good* sufficient or secure ** ^ r* Iron Grating* Weighing Room or Re-weighing Room* unless the (ame shall be approved of by the respective Surveyors or Supervifors of Excife of the Divilion or D.iftri& within which the Lear to the Mouth or Entrance of which such Iron Grating shall belong, or for which the fame is intended* shall be iituate* or within which such Weighing Room or Re-weighing Room* as the case pay bt* fkalk be fttuate.

XXVIII.	And

A.D;i8rx«	51°GEO. III.	C.6$.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That proper Locks, Keys and all other necessary Faftenings for securing and lealing every such Lear, and the Mouth or Entrance and Iron Grating thereof, and for securing and sealing every such Weighing Room and Re-weighing Room respectively, and the Door or Entrance thereof respectively, /hall be provided Dy the refipeftive Surveyors and Supervisors of Ex-cife of such Divifion or Diurift, at the Ex pence of fucli Maker or Makers of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs respectively, as the case may require ; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to pay for any Lock, Key or other nece/Tary Faftenings, which shall be provided by any, Surveyor or Supervisor of Excife, according to the Dire&ions of this Aft, or if any Perfon or Perfons shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife, or any Perfon or Perfons by him or them employed in that behalf, in the fixing or placing any such Fattening in such manner as such Officer or Officers shall direct, or think expedient to answer any of the Purpofes by this Aft, in that behalf intended, or in the locking, sealing or securing any such Lear, or the Mouth or Entrance or Iron Grating thereof^ or in the locking, sealing or securing any such Weighing Room or Re-weighing Room, or the Door or Entrance of the fame respectively, or any 2uch Fattening as aforesaid, or by any Means, Art, Device or Contrivance whatsoever, shall open any such Lock or Lear, or the Mouth, Entrance or Iron Grating thereof, or any such Weighing Room or Re-weighing Room, or the Door or Entrance of the fame respectively, or shall clandeftincly enter or gain Admittance, or make any Hole or Opening into any such Lear, after the fame or the Mouth or Entrance or Iron Grating thereof shall have been locked, sealed, fattened or secured as aforesaid, or into any such Weighing Room or Rc-weighiug Room after the fame, or the Door or Entrance of the fame respectively shall have been locked, sealed, fattened or secured as aforesaid, before the fame respectively shall have been unlocked and opened by the proper Officer of Excife, or shall wilfully break or damage any fuen Door, Lock, Seal, Iron Grating or Fattening, every such Maker or Makers, or other Perfon or Perfons so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds*

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That where any Locks, Keys or Fattenings shall be provided in pursuance of this Aft, all and every Maker and Makers of Glass, to whom such Locks, Keys and Faftenings respectively shall then belong, shall at bis, her or their own Expence from time to time aud at all times when required so to do by tne respective Surveyors or Supervifors of Excife, of the Divifion or Diltrift in which such his, her or their Glafshoufe (halt he situate, immediately fet about altering, repairing and amending,* and shall also, within a reasonable time then* nett following, alter, repair and amend the fame respectively according to such Requift-tion; and if any such Maker or Makers of Glafs to whom any such Locks, Keys and Faftenings, or any or either of them shall belong, shall neglect or refuse immediately to fet about altering, repairing or amending the fame, or to aheiv repair or amend the fame when thereunto required, according to the Direftions of this Aft, he, (he or ihty shall, for each ana every such Negleft or Re-fafal, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

O 4	XXX.	And

199

Suptrviibrt to provide Locks and Faftenings at Glafa Maker** Ex pence.

Negleft, to

Penalty.

I-ocks and Faftenings to be altered and kept in Repair by Flint and Plifct Glal's Makers.

Penalty.

AJfLi^vi

200

■*

Flint and PWil OUHI M'flters to assist Officer* in ' weiring arid re-pr&ghing.

Penalty,

Un weighed Flint and Phial Glaft lo be kept apart.

Penalty,

Flint Glaft Ma« ken conveying away Flint or Phial Glaft before weighed.

Penalty.

Flint and Phial Glals Makers not to use any but an entered J-ear.

Periaky.

Flint or PHial Glaft Makers to work Metal out of Flint ^ots by Six on Saturday Evening.

Penalty.

Provifo for M’ktr not in-curfiug Penalty.

C.fa	5 iT GEQ. IU.

X^X. And be it further enacted; That all and every Maher and Makers of Flint Glafs Or of Phial Glass, shall, when and so often as he, (lie or they shall be thereunto required by theOfljfer or Officers of Excife under’ whose Survey he, (he or they shall then be, with a fuJficient Number of his, her or their Workmen or Servants, aid and assist to the utmost of his, her or their Power, such Officer or Officers, or Surveyor Or Supervisor, in weighing and taking aii Ac-count, or in re-weighing all Flint Glafs Or !>hial Gj%f& of such Maker or Makers on $un of forfeiting for every Negleft or Rc-fufal the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enafted* That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glafs or of P^ial Glafs (halt, from time to time and at all times, keep all Flint Glafs and Phial Glafs refpective-ly in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofsession, and which shall not have been weighed by the Officer of Excife according to the Direftion* of this Aft, separate and apart from all Flint Glafs and Phial Glafs respectively which shall have been weighed, and from all other Ghft Wares whatsoever, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred rounds.

XXXII* And be it further enacted, That if anv Maker or Makers of Fliqt Glafs or Phial Glafs shall fraudulently remove or convey away any Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs from any Lefcr or other Place before the proper Officer of Excife shall have weighed the fame, or shall neglect or refuse to produce any such Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs to such Officer that he may weigh the fame, all and every Maker and Makers shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, together with all such Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs respectively ; and the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

* XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs shall, for the annealing of any Flint Glafs or Phial Glass, make use of any private or con* cfcaled Lear, annealing Arch, Oven, tJtenfil or Place whatsoever, other than his, her or their* known Lear or Lears entered for that Purpose, or shall practise any Ajrt, peyice or Contrivance for answering the Purpofe of a Lear or annealing Arch or Oven, for the Parpofe of annealing any Flint Glafs or Filial Glass; or if apy such Maker or Makers (nail make use of any Art, pevice or Contrivance, other than an entered Lear to answer the Purpofe of a Lear for the annealing of any Flint or Phial Glafs ; each and every such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pound*.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and evpry Maker of Makers of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glass, shall, and he, (he and. they is and are	required, at or before the Hour ot Six in the

Evening of Saturday in each an(f every'Week, to work out into Wares, br tocaufe and procure to be worked out into Wares, the' whole of the Metal or Preparation which shall at any time during that Week have been founded oV melted in any Pot or Pots to him, her or them‘belonging, for jthe making of F^nt Glafs or Phial Glass, on pain ’ to forfeit, for every Negleft or Refusal thereof, the Sum br Two hundred Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or. be deemed or construed to extend to subject any M^ker or Makers of Flipt plafs*

A,D.i8ii.

5i* GKO. III.

C. 6g.



or of Phial Glafs to the fcid last mentioned Penalty, for or by reafc^, of fajs, her or their not working out the Allowance of one Inch, deep m?de to such Maker or Makers, by an Aft passed in the Seventeenth Year of His prefect Mjdefty King George the Third, at the 17 0.3. e. 39. Bottom of any such Pot; any thing hereinbefore contained t9 the 43** contrary in apiy wife notwithstanding.	•

XXaV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makvnto Makers of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs fhaH, when and so soon af, charge Potiwitb any Journey shall be finished if the fame shall be finished at or before Material* the Hour of Six in the Evening of Saturday in any Week, or if the £v^ J? of Si-fame shall not be finished at or before such Hour, then all and every turday, in Pre-fuch Maker and Makers shall at such Hour in the Prefence of the fence of Officer, Officer of Excite under whose Survey such Maker or Makers (lull then be again charged, each and every Pot from or out of which, any Glafs Wares mpll have been worked in such Journey with fresh Materials or Preparations (other than Gullet or broken GJa&), not, left in Quantity than Fifty Pounds Weight; and if any Maker or Makers of Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs shall not in the Prefence of. such Officer when and so soon as ary Journey shall be finished, if-the fame shall be finished before the Hour of Six in the Evening of Sa• turday in any Week, or if the *(ame shall not be finished at or before such Hour, then if such Maker or Makers shall not at such Hour in the Prefence of such, Officer again charge each and every such Pot or Pots with fresh Materials or Preparation as aforesaid, then apd in every such case the Perfon or Perfons so offending shall, for each apd every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two Panslty. hundred Pounds; Provided always nevertheless, that nothing, herein- in what case before contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend,, Penalty not into subject any Maker or Makers of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glass, curred* to the (aid last mentioned or any ether Penalty for or by reason of his, her or their not charging with such frelh Materials or Preparations ap aforesaid, any such Pot from or out of which such Maker or Makers shall, in the Prefence of such Officer, and uuder a previous Notice in Writing given by such Maker or Makers of Glafs to such Officer, by the Space of Two Hours have, laded out into Water the whole of the Metal remaining in any such Pot or Pots at the time of such lading as aforesaid.

XXXVI.	And be.it farther, enacted, That no Maker or Makers No Flint or of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs (KaU make or maqufafture within Phial GUIs the tune Glafshoufe or Building, by him, her or them entered or Maker to mauled for the making or manufacturing of Flint Glafs or Phial Glass,

or m any Glaishoule or Building adjoining thereto, any Sort or GUIs in Ms Flint Species of G}afs or Glafs Wares whatever, other than Flint Glafs GUfiho«i>,&c. and Pbial Glafs ; and jf any such Maker or Makers shall make or, manufacture within the lame Glafshoufe or Building by him, her, or them entered or used for the making or manufacturing of.FJinj,

Glafs or Phial Glafs* or in any Glafshoufe or Building adjoining # thereto, anv Species of Glafs or Glafs Wares other than Tlint Glafsi and Filial Crlass, all and every, such Maker or Makers refpeftivcly so, offending (h*ll,. for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the r Sum of One hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers»Making of of Glafs ibpli make of common Bottle Metal, any. Bottle .or Bottles f^®mon (puller or, pf less.‘Size /^Content than what. is commonly deemed,icrithaw

* reputed Half Fisc.

Fenalty-

Obftni^mg

Officers*

hnlj.

Drawbacks allowed agreeably

to 26.6.3.C.77., Ac*

Frev&x

Officers to take Account of Stock in Hand for Exportation, to entitlcMikers to Drawback, See.

0*69.	^i°	GEO.	Ill-	A.D.1811.

and reputed an Half Pint Bottle; and if any Maker or Makers of Gfaft shall make of common Bottle Metal, any Bottle or Bottles smaller or of less Size or Content than aforesaid, the Maker or Makers of Glafs so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Pcrfons fhaH obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife is the Execution kof any of the Powers or Authorities to him or them given or granted by this or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to Flint Glafs or Phial Glass, the Perfon or Perfoos so offending therein, shall, for each and every such Offence, (other than those for which any Penalty is hereinbefore specially imposed or provided) severally forfeit the Sum of Three hundred Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to make it unlawful to or for any Officer or Officers of Excife, from time to time and at all times, to infpeft', examine, gauge or otherwise to take an Account of the Metal and Materials mixed and prepared, or founded or founding for the making of Glafs m any such Glafshoufe or Building as aforesaid, as well before such Metal or Materials shall be put into any Pot or Pots, as after the fame shall be put into any Pot or Pots, or to take a Sample or Samples, not exceeding Eight Ounces in the whole, out of each such rot, or any other Veffel or Utenfil, containing such Preparation for making Glafs.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That the Drawbacks hr this Aft allowed shall be paid and allowed out of the Duties of Excife by this Aft imposed, under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Pttmfions, contained and provided in and by an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, among other things, for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excife ; or by any other Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force, relating to the Exportation of Glafs on Drawback : Provided always nevertheless, that, from and after the said First Day of Avgujl One thousand eight hundred am! eleven, no Drawback shall be paid or allowed for or upon the Exportation of any Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs (whether made before or after the palling of this Aft) save and except the Drawback of Two Pouods Nine Shillings for every Hundred Weight of such Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs respectively.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the palling of this Aft, the proper Officers of Excife shall take an Account of fnch of the Articles, VefTels and Uteniils of Flint Glafs and of Phial Glafs in the Stock, Cuftody or Poffeffion of all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glafs or of Phial Glafs respectively, which shall at one and the fame time be produced and (hewn by any such Maker or Makers to such Officer or Officers for the Purpofe of being so taken an Account of for Exportation, to entitle such Maker or Makers to the Drawback hereinafter men-tioned, and thereupon all and every such Maker and Makers shall forthwith declare to such Officer or Officers the Particulars and Quantity of such Articles, Vefiels and Uteniils by him, her or them intended for such Exportation, and such Maker or Makers shall forthwith separate and divide all such Articles, VefTels and Uteniils so '	declared

Si6 GEO. til.

C* 6p»

*03

declared for filch Exportation from all other Articles, Veflels and Utenfils of Gbfs in his, her or their Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion, and shall make Oath before such Officer or Officers, (and which Oath such Officer and Officers is and are hereby authorized and empowered to adminifterj that the said Articles, Veflels and Utenfils* and every Part thereof to declared for Exportation, were really and bona fide made before the Firfc Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and that the Duties for or in respect of the Materials or Metal from whence the fame and every Part thereof,1 were blown, made or manufactured, were duly charged by the Officer or Officers of Excife, and such Maker or Makers shall also forthwith in the Prefence of such Officer or Officers, remove, carry and convey the said Articles, Veflels and Utenfils so declared for Exportation, into some near, secure and convenient Room to be ap» proved of by such Officer or Officers, where and in which the fame ifaall be ferny and fccurely locked up by such Officer or Officers, and shall remain and continue so locked up, and without such Maker or Makers or any other Perfon or Perfons other than the proper '

Officers of Excife having any Entrance into the said Room, or any*

Accefs to the said Glafs until the packing up thereof for Exportation, under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Re* ft rations and Provifions contained and provided for packing up Glafs for Exportation in and by an A& made in the Twenty iixth *6 Year of the Keign of His present Majesty, intituled. An AS to limit a tine for the Repayment of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners of Excife ; and also on Horfes, Waggons, Wains and Carts by the Commiffoners of Stamps ; and for the Amendment of Jeveral Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Com-mijtoners of Excife; and each Package of the said Glafs shall also be marked or distinguished in such manner as the Commiflioncrs of Excife in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall direct, and upon the said Articles, Veflels’ and Utenfils so produced, declared and made Oath to having been so taken an Account of, locked up and packed up as aforesaid, and being also shipped and exported under, lubje£t and according to the said Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions and Provifions relating to the Exportation of Glafs on Drawback, a Drawback of Three Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence shall be allowed, under, subject and . according to the said Rules, Regulations, Rcftri&ions and Pro-tifions for every One hundred Weight, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Glafs 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

4 XLI. And whereas by an A& made in the	Seventeenth Year	»7	G* 3*Cm &

4 of the Reign	of His present Majesty King George	the Third, among	$	37-

4 other things,	for the better collecting the Duties	upon Glass, it is,

4 among other	things, eqacted, that every Perfon	and Perfons who

* shall knowingly enter, or cause or suffer to be entered any broken f or waste Glafs for Exportation, with ’Intent that any Drawback 4 or Allowance should be obtained, shall, over and above all other 4 Penalties and Forfeitures, for every such Offence also forfeit and 1 lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds : And whereas it is expedient 4 to forfeit all such broken and waste GlafsBe it therefore enacted.

That if any Perfon or Perfons shall, knowingly enter, or cause or Broken Glass, (offer to be entered any broken or waste Glafe tor Exportation, with *c. entered far

Intent Esp°»t«tion on

Drawbacks



*04

A.D. i fI r

Penalty.

Penalties and Forfeitures how levied.

Former Ads to exrend to this

A*

Confolid^ed

Fund.

45 G. 3. c. 30. §8.

<?. 6®	$1*	GEO*	IlL

Intent tint am Drawback or Allowance shall b# dbtaned* fbcb broken or wale Glafs respectively shall be forfeited* md (kali end may be feixed by any Officer or Officer! of Exde.

XLIL And be it farther ena&ed* That all Finea* Penalties and Forfeitures by this Ad impeded, shall bo sued for* recovered* levied or mitigated, by fuck ways* m«aas and methods*. as-any Fine* Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be sued for* recovered* levied or mitigated* by any Law or Laws of Excife, or- by Adion pf Debt* Bill* Plaint or Information*. in. any of His Majesty’s Courts of Rocord at Wtf-min/Ier, or in the Court.of Exchequer in Scotland; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succedorsi and the other Moiety to him* her qr them who shall difeovor* iufprm or sue for the fame.

. XLIII. And be it further cnaded* That all the Powers, Authorities, Methods* Rides, Direction#, Regulation#! Pfcnakies, Forfeitures, Provifoes, Clauses, Matters and Things*,.which* in asd by any Ad or A&* of Parliament relating to the Duties on Glass, or on the Materials or Metal* or other Preparation made use of in Great Britain in the making, of Glass, or.to the paying or allowing of any Drawback on the Exportation of Glafs* in force immediately before the said First Day of Augyfl One thousand eight hundred and eleven* are contained* provided* fettled or eiUUifked* for managing* afltffing* railing* levying* collecting, recoverings adjudging* mitigating* afccr-taining, enforcing and securing the said Duties, or for paying or allowing any Drawback of the said Duties, and for preventing* deteding and puniftiing Frauds relating thereto, except where the fame are expressly repealed or altered by this Ad* (hail he and remain in full Force and Effed, tq all intents and purposes 9 and the said Powers* Authorities, Methods* Rules* Directions, Regulations, penalties* Forfeitures* Provi&ons* Clauses, Matters and Things, except as before excepted, shall continue and be duly ohserved, prac* tiled* applied* used and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain^ as fully andeflSedually to all intents and purposes, except as before excepted* as if the said Powers, Autho* rities,. Rules, Piredions, Regulations* Penalties, Forfeitures, Pro-visions, Claufes* Matters and Things had been expressly inserted and re-enaded in thi# present Ad.

XLIV. And be it further ena&fed, That all Monies a riling by the Duties by this Ad imposed (the ncceftary Charges of ratfmg and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majcfty’s Exchequer at Weftmnfler* and shall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain.

* XLy. And whereas by an. Ad passed in the Forty fifth Year

*	of the Reign of His present. Majefty* intituled* An A8 for 4 granting unto Hie Majrjly fever a I additional Duties- of Emcife in ' Great Britain* it is provided, that the- Commiffiouers of His

*	Majcfty’s Treaiiiry, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord

*	High Treasurer for the time being* shall for the Period of Ten ‘ Years from the Commencement of the said Ad, caufc a fepuate 4 and distinct Account of the Additional Duties by the (aid Ad ‘ granted, to be prepared ^pek annually laid before Parliament pur-4 suant to an Ad passed 1ST the Forty tecond Year of the Reign of 4 His present Majesty, intituled* An A3 for dirtying certainfvklk

4 Accounts



5:ig G£&. nt	C 69.	*05

*	Accounts f# i>e hud anniiafty before Parliament, and for difcdn-

*	timussg certain other Forms of Account now in vfe ; And whereas

*	Oae third IWt of the Duties by this Aft repealed, and in Heu of 4 which ether Duties ere by this A A ftnpdfed, coifftituted and made 4 Part of the additional Duties granted by the'faid Aft of the Forty

*	fifth Year 6f the Reign erf Hts prefcrtt Majesty, and it is therefore 4 expedient that Prorifions should made tor afeertsdrting the Pro-4 duce of Oae thitd Part of the Duties by this Aft imposed \* Be it therefore eoa&cd, That, from and after the First Day of Augujt One Manner of thooiaad eight hundred and eleven, the whole of the Duties granted keeping Account by this Aft shall be* entered together in one Account, but that the rf Doties.

Lord High Treafwrer for the time being, or Lords Commilfioners

of Hie Majcfty’s Treafnry, or any Three or more of them, for the time being# shall,- for and during the Remainder of the said Period of Tea Years, to be computed from the Commencement of the laid Aft, patted in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, cwufe a separate and distinct Account of One third Part of the Dories by this Aft granted, to be made out in such Manner and Form as (half appear to the Lord’High Treafurcr for the time being, or the Lords Commissioners of H» Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, heft adapted to afeertain the?

Amount of One third Part of the laid Duties, which Account the’ said Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or the Lords Com-miffioBcrs of His Majefty** Treasury, dr any Three or more of them for the time being, are hereby reayired tt> cause to be hid' before Parliament, together with the Public Accounts directed to fee laid before Parliament puriuant to the Provifions of the said Aft passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of Hts present Majesty

4 XLVL And whereas by an Aft palTeq so the Forty ninth Veic! 49 G* 3	.

4 of the Reign of His present Majesty Krrrg; George the Third*

4 intituled. An Ad for repealing the Duties in the Materials used xV 4 making Spread lYtndow Glafs and Crown Glass, and for granting 4 other Duties m tieu thereof, and foA, the better Collection of the 4 Duties f k is enacted, that the fame should continue and be in force5 4 from the fird* Day of Aagnjt Orte-thoufond eight hundred and tiine,!

4 for the Space of Two Years, to be computed from that Day; and*

4 it is expedient that the fame should he farther continued Be Itf wacted, That the said reeited Aft shall continue and* remain, ih force continued til! from .the First Dav of Augujt One thonfand right hundred and rifeven/ Aug x»I?f *• until the first I$*y of Augujt One thoufond eight hundred and1 twelve; save and except as the Frovifions thereof are altered by this Aft.	'

4 XLVIi. And whereas' by a Ciaufe rn the Grid last ihentloiied: 49 G*’* c -v f Aft; it is eviosted, that before any Maker or Makers of Spread 1 l0'

4. Window Glafs or Ciown Glafs as in that Aft fnentionedi (half 4 hegiikto close or stop up any annealing Arch or Oven containing'

4 any Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glass, he, file or the* fhaU:

4 deliver to the proper Officer of Excife, a Declaration in l^rithig;

1 (reify*? the true Number of Tabfes of Spread Glafs or Crowrr 4 Glafs rdpeftively put or deposited and contained in each and every*

4 such annealing Arch refoeftively ; and if any firth Maker or Makers'

4 as in that A A mentioned shall nftyleft or refuse to deliver such De-*. duration* i* Writing as 4aft a fore la id, evbry such Maker or Makers ♦ so offei^ngAat),'for each* and every'fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe

4 the

A.D,i8it

ac6

0*

gi* GEO. m.

Frovifo for Makers of Spread Window *ila«s or Crown Glnlros to i’e-iwlty oj loi. by 49 f’*3* c.63. flO.

4 the Sum of. Twenty Pounds: And whereas it may fbmetimes * happen that, from Errors in counting and otherwiie, the true 4 Number of Tables of Spread Glafs or Crown Glafs refpeftivdy 4 put or depoiited and contained in any such annealing Aieh may be 4 mistaken, and it is therefore expedient to make such Provifioai as 4 is hereinafter mentioned $’ Be it therefore enacted. That, from and after the said Fird Day of jiugvjl One thoufaad eight hundred and eleven, uo Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glals or Crown Glaft shall incur or be liable to the laid Penalty of Twenty Pounds, for or by reason of any Declaration by him, her or them, delivered as for the Declaration required by the said recited Clause, not

or

ReftrifTion of Drawbacks of 4^0.3. c 63. S3-

Hdw Crown Calais, frc. 10 be exported.

Penalty.

Commence-

tteai^&c.

fpeciiying the true Number of Tables of Spread Glafs or Crown Glafs reipeftively put or deposited and contained in any such annealing Arch, provided the Number of Tables of Spread GlaU or Crown Glafs respectively fpecilied in such Declaration so delivered (halt not Vary more than at and after the Rate of Five per Centum from the true Number of Tables of Spread GUfs or Crown Glafs respectively put pr deposited and contained in such annealing Arch ; any thing in the said Ad contained to the contrary iu any wife not with Handing.

, 4 XLVI1I. Aud whereas in and by the aforesaid Ad certain

*	Drawbacks are allowed for Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Ghpfs, and for all othef

4 Window Glafs not being Spread Glass, whether ft allied or other-

*	wife jnanufaftured, and commonly called or known either by the 4 Name of Crown Glafs or German Sheet Glass, made in Great BrU \ tain, and exported to Foreign Parts or to Ireland : And whereas 4 It is expedient that no Drawback should be allowed on the Export* 4 ation of any such Glass, uniefs the fame shall be exported in Tables 4 or regular Figures of certain Dimenfions Be it therefore cna&ed. That no Drawbacks shall be allowed for or in respect of any such Glafs exported, unless the lame shall be shipped and exported in *\Vhole Tables, Half Tables, or Quarter Tablet, or in regular Panes, Squares or Reft&ngular Figures, the Four Sides of which together shall measure at lead Fourteen Inches, and of which no Side shall measure less than Three Inches, or Lozenges of which the Four Sides together shall measure at lead Fourteen Inches, and no Side of which shall measure less than Three Inches and an Half, and all Window Glafs of other Shape or less Dimenfions than as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to be Wade Glafs within the Meaning of the said Aft passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign; and if any Perfon or Pcrfons shall knowingly enter or ship, or cause or procure to be entered or shipped for Exportation, in order to obtain any Drawback by the said Aft granted or allowed, any Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Bread Glafs or other Window Glass, not being Spread Glafs as aforesaid,• not being in Whole Tables, Half Tables, Quarter Tables, or in regular Panes, Squares, or Reftangular Figures or Lozenges of the Dimenfions aforeiaid, such Perfon or Perlons shall for every Crate, Pareel, B.ox or Package of such Glafs so entered or shipped, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, forfeit and lot the Sum of One hundred Pounds,

XLIX. Ard be it further enacted, That this Aft shall commence and take E fife ft, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no Specjal Commencement, is hereby direftfd or

provided,

AJXiSi v	51# GEO. III.	C.	69,	70.	307

provided, from and immediately after the said Eirft Day of Augyfi One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and fhaH remain and continue in force for the Space of One Year, to be computed from that v Day.

GAP. LXX.

An A St for repealing the Hat Duty in Great Britain.

‘	[15th Jutie 1811.]

f YTFHEREAS by an A €t pa (Ted in the Forty fourth Year of 44 O. j. C.9L.

1 W Hia present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad to repeal 4 the fevered Duties under the Commtffioners for managing the Duties * upon fiamfed Vellum, Parchment and Paper t in Great Britain,

4 and to grant new and additional Duties in lien thereof) certain 4 Stamp Duties were impefed upon Hats and upon Licences for	„	^

4 vending Hats by Retail, which it is expedient should now be 4 repealed:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be ena&cd; and be it enacted by the King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adyioe and Copfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and' by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Fifth Day of Duties mtHm July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the said Duties on Hats and Liccooec Jar and on Licences for vending Hats. Jby Refail, granted by the said voting Hats* Ad, shall cease and determine, and all Powers and Provifions contained in the said Ad, and in any other Aft or Ads of Parliament for the railing, levying, collecting or securing.of the said Duties,

shall be and the £ame are hereby from thenceforth repealed; fare and except (b far as regards ,such of the said Duties, or To much ahd fnch Parts thereof, as. /hall have become due or payable, or ought to have been paid, and all such Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences relating to tiie fame Duties, or any of them, as shall have been incurred before or upon the laid Fifth Day of July.

II.	And he it further eoacted, That it shall be lawful for all Dealers in Hat Linings, and for all liceofed Dealers in Hats, who shall, on the Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be possessed of any Hat Linings duly stamped for denoting the Duties on Hats, and which shall not have been tifed, or worn, or fold with any Hat, to deliver the fame to the Commiflioners of Stamps, in order that the Stamps thereon may be cancelied; and on due Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the said Commiflioners, or the major Part of them, by Affidavit or solemn Affirmation made before the said Commiflioners, or any One or more of them, or before a Mailer in Chancery Ordinary or Extraordinary, (who are hereby respectively authorized to take the fame, and adminilter the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpofe) that such Hat Linings bad not been used, or worn, or fold with any Hat, and that the Poffeffors thereof had Iona fide paid, or then (lood bound or liable to pay the Duties marked thereon, and of all such other Circumffances as the said Commiflioners or the major Part of them shall in their Bifcretion judge necessary for the rifrpofe' of preventing Frauds, it shall be lawiul for the said Commiffionrrs, in all Cafes where the Poffeflort of such Hat LiniAgsJhaLl have a Credit Account open with the Stamp.Office, to allow the Amount of the Duties markea on such Hat Linings, in Reduction of their respective Debts; and in all

cafes

Dealers may deliver upto Cost-mrffioners Hat Lamp duly damped.

Commiflfonm on being fstis-tied that Hat Linings had not been tiled shall allow Duty.

A.D.lfin.

lot

Limiutioa.

DiftriHutors m*y receive Hit lifting*.

Ferjtvy.

38 G 3. c. 86.

48 G 3 c-9*

46 G.3. c. 81.

47 G. 3. SeflT. x. ®»5*«

\

C. 70,71.	51° CEO. ttt

chfts 'MiCfe tilt Poffeflbrs shall not have a Credit Account open vfr5th the Stirtip Office, to retuni to them the Amount of tfte Du-th* hfcrked on such Hat Linings, first deducing the Difcouut which shall have been allowed for or in respect of such Duties: Provided always, that no such Allowance, or Retpm_pf Duties shall be made, unlels the fame shall he claimed withiii Six Calendar Months after the said Fifth Day of July.

ID. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the (aid Commiflioners, or the major Part of them, to authorize any of. the DiftributoVs of Stamps in the Country, to receive such Hat Linings from any such Dealers as a fore said, feftdeht within their rcfpeftive Diftrids, and thereupon to do all Or ahy luck Ads refped-iftg the fame as the said Comraiffio'iers tbemfelvefc Ar£ hereby authorised to do.

fV. And be it further enacted, That if any Pe’rfon forking any such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforcfaiti shall knowingly and wilfully -make a false Oath or Affirmation of or concerning any of the Matters to be therein specified and fet forth, every Per ion so offending, And being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be fubjec? and liable to such Pains and Penalties aS by any LaW riow in forcC Perfoiis cob-vi&ed 6f wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjcd and liable to.

CAP. LXXL An Adi for the Abolition and Regulation, of certain Offices in the Cilftoms.	[15th	June	1811.]

WHEREAS by an Ad passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in titulecf, An Aft 4 for abolijhing certain Offices in the Cufioms, and for regulating certain * other Offices therein, andfor applying the Fees which have been received 4 from vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation 4 Fund; and by an Adi, passed in the Forty eighth year, of the 4 Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Aft hr abolijhing 4 the Office of Surveyor of Suhjidie4 and Petty Cufioms tn the Port of 4 London, certain Offices in the Cuftonis were directed to be wholly 4 abolished, as the fame should become vacant, and certain other 4 Offices were also directed to be abolished in Part when they should 4 become vacant; and that such of the refpediv-e Duties as should * be deemed useful and neceflaiy should be continued and regulated:

4 And whereas many of the Offices enumerated in the said first recited 4 Adi have become vacant, and been abolfffied under the said Ad, 4 and it is expedient to make further Provifion for the Abolition and 4 Regulation of certaiu Offices in .the CufiomsAnd whereas by an 4 A6t passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His said pre-4 sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for aboFtJhing Fees received by certain 4 Officers and other Perfons employed in the Service of the Cufioms in 4 (be Port of London, and for regulating the Attendance of Officers 4 and others fi emploved, the Fees, Pefquifites and Gratuities paid to 4 certain Officers, Clerks and Perfons employed in the Service of the 4 Cuftoms in the Port of London were wholly abolished: And* whereas 4 by an Ad passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His 4 said present Majesty, intituled, An Aft to extend‘d the Proviftons of 4 an Act made in the loft Seffion of Parliament^ jfifr aboFtJbtng Fees 4 received by Urfairi Officers and oiler Perfoiis employed th the Service 10	4	of

AJXi8iv

209

Si9 GEO. III.	C.71.

c of the Cuftoms in the Port of London, and for regulating the Attend-

*	cnee of Officers and others Jo employedto the Out Ports, and to dp-4 propriate the Fees of certain abolished and vacant Offices in the Cujlomt 4 to the Superannuation Fund, the Lords Commissioners of His 4 Majeftv’s Treasury were authorized to extend the Provifions of the

*	faia last recited Aft to any of the other Ports in Great Britain% 4 and which Provifions have been accordingly so extended to feveral

*	of the Ports in Great Britain, and to certain Officers of the Cuftoms

*	employed in such Ports: And whereas it is expedient, in order

*	to give fall, general and immediate Effeft to the good Purpofes 4 intended by the said recited Afts of the Thirty eighth and Forty 4 eighth Years of His present Majesty’a Reign, that such of the 4 Offices in the Cuftoms as are by the said Afts directed to be 4 abolished when they become vacant, which have not yet become 4 vacant, should be abolished or regulated; and also that all Fees, 4 Perquifites and Gratuities received by Officers, Clerks or other Per-4 fons employed in the Service of the Cuftoms, as well in the several 4 Out Ports in Great Britain as in the Port of London, ftiould be 4 abolished ;* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the several Offices enumerated or deferibed in the Table to this Aft annexed, marked (A*) shall, as far as the fame or any of them relate to the Port of London, be and the fame are hereby wholly abolished ; and that, from and after the said Fifth Day ot January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the several Offices enumerated or deferibed in the Table to this Aft annexed, marked (B.) shall, as far as the fame or any of them relate to the Port of London, be and the fame are hereby abolished ; and such of the Duties executed in the said Offices as shall be deemed to be necefTary and useful, shall continue to be executed and performed according to such Regulations, and by such Perfons, and in such manner as shall be appointed under the Provifions of this Aft; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve* the several Offices enumerated or deferibed in the Table to this Aft annexed, marked (C.) the Duties whereof are in Part necefTary, and which Duties may, without Inconvenience to the Public Service, be transferred to and executed in certain other Offices of the Cuftoms, shall, as far as the fame or any of them relate to the Port of London, be and the fame are hereby abolished, and the Duties thereof shall he transferred to and executed in other Offices, and by such Perfons, and in such manner as shall be directed under the Provifions of this Aft.

II.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Cuftoms in England, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to provide for the Execution of the Duties of such of the several Offices enumerated or deferibed in the said Tables to this Aft annexed, marked (B.) and (C.) as shall in their Judgment appear to be ne-ceflary or useful, either by appointing under their Hands proper Perfons to execute during their Pleafure such Duties of the said 51 Geo. Ill,	P	feveral

Offices in Table A. abolished. .

Offices in Table B. abolished.

NecefTary Duties to continue.

Offices in Table C. abolished, NecefTary Duties transferred to other Offices.

Commissioners of Cuftoms to provide for Execution of Duties of Offices.

210

A>D< 1811*

Power of Perrons appointed to execute Duties of abolished Offices.

Treasury to allow Salaries to Perfon* appointed.

Annual Com-pctifat'on to Perfcm who held the Offices directed to be abolished.

Compenfation to Deputies and Cleiks of abo-lilhed Offices.

C.71.	5i°G£0. III.

several Offices,, or by consolidating in one or more Office or Offices, or separating into different Offices, such necessary or useful Duties respectively, or otherwise regulate any such Office or Offices and the Duties thereof in such manner as they the said Commissioners of His Maiefty’s Cuftoms, with the Approbation of the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, shall in their Judgment from time to time deem fit and proper, and with such Approbation order and direct in that Behalf.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all Pcrfons who shall or may be appointed under the Provilions of this Att to execute any of the Duties of any of the Offices or Employments enumerated and described in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (B.) and (C.) shall have the fame Powers and Authorities to all intents and pur-poses, to execute and perform such Duties respectively, except as far as the fame be by any Order or Regulation made as to any such Duties under the Provifions of this A6t, as such Pcrfons would have had if they had been appointed to such Offices or Employments respectively before the Abolition of such Offices, and all such Powers and Authorities shall remain in full Force and Effe£l for the Execution of all such Duties as shall be so continued and regulated under and subject to the Reftridtious and Regulations contained in or made under the Provifions of this Adi.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to direct such Salaries to be paid to the several Perfons who shall be so appointed to execute any of the Duties of any or either of the Offices or Employments enumerated or deferibed in the said Tables hereunto annexed, marked (B.) and

JC.) as they the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury tall think fit.

‘ V. And whereas it is rcafmable and proper that the several Per-4 Tons holding any of the Offices enumerated or deferibed in any or ■* either of the said Tables annexed to this Adi, marked (A.) (B.) 4 and (C.) and which Offices are hereby directed to he abolished, * should receive a fair and adequate Compenfation for the Lofs which * they may respectively fuitain by the Abolition of their several • Offices, and the Salaries, Fees, Perquiiitcs and Emoluments apper-4 taining thereto ;* Be it therefore further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to order such annual Compenfations to be made to every Perfon holding or having any lnterefl in any Office enumerated or deferibed in cither or any of the said Tables, marked (A.) (B.) and (C.) hereby directed to be abolished, as on due Examination and Enquiry ihall appear to the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to be just and reasonable; such Compenfatioh to be paid and to continne during the Lives of such Perfons respectively, or during the Continuance of their several and respective Rights and Interefts therein.

VI And be it further enacted, That on the Abolition of any of the Offices enumerated or deferibed in the said Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (C.) it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to make such just and reasonable Compenfation as they on due^xaminatiori and Enquiry ihall in their

Judgment

AJXjBii.

2X1

51° GEO. IIL	C.71.

Judgment think proper, to the Deputy o • Deputies, Clerk or Clerks, or to any other Perlon or Perfons w ho, on and immediately before the laid Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, was or were employed in such Offit e so abolished as aforesaid.

• VII. And whereas the Office of Colle&or Outwards in the Port

*	of London was, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty

*	two, held by George late Duke of Manchester, for the Term of his 1 Life and the Life of his Brother Charles Greville Montagu, com-c monly called Lord Charles Greville Montagu, by Letters Patent, 4 and Letters Patent were prepared in the fame Year to pass the 4 Great Seal, on a Surrender of the then existing Patent by the said 4 late Duke, granting the said Office to him, his Executors, Ad-4 miniftrators or Afsigns, for and during his natural Life, and the 4 natural Lives of William now Duke of Manchester, and Lord 4 Frederick Montagu, his Sons, in pursuance of His Majefty's War-4 rant for that Purpose, which Letters Patent did not pass the Great 4 Seal, but the Profits and Emoluments of the said Office have been 4 ever since enjoyed by the said George late Duke of Manchester and 4 his Family, in the fame manner as if such Letters Patent had been 4 completed, it was by the said recited Adi of the Thirty eighth 4 Year of the Reign of Hi3 present Majesty enacted, that during the 4 Lives of the said William Duke of Manchester and Fredericf Mon-4 tagu, commonly called Lord Frederick Montagu, the Salary, Fees 4 and Emoluments due to the Collector Outwards in the Port of 4 London, should continue to be received and taken in such and the 4 like manner, and to the like Amount, and that the fame Perfona 4 (bould be entitled to the Profits of the said Office, as if Letters 4 Patent for granting the said Office had been perfected Be it therefore enacted. That the Coropenfation or Allowance authorized to be made and granted by the Lords of the Treasury upon the Abolition of the said Office of Colledtor Outwards in the Port of London shall be paid to and for the Ufe of such Perfon or Perfons as at the time of patting of this Ad shall be, or would from time to time hereafter be, legally entitled to demand and receive the Profits and Emoluments of the said Office of Colledtor Outwards in the said Port of London, in pursuance of the said recited Adt of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, if such Office had not been abolished by this Ad, and to no other Perfon or Perfons whatsoever.

4 VIII. And whereas the Office of Comptroller of the Cuftoms in 4 the Port of London was, by Letters Patent dated the Twenty sixth 4 Day of Augufi One thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, 4 granted to Francis then Earl of Guilford, and his Heirs, during 4 the Lives of Francis North and Frederick North, Sons of Sir 4 Frederick North commonly called Lord North, and the Life of the 4 longest Liver of them ; and the said Francis Earl of Guilford, by 4 Will dated the Tenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred 4 and eighty two, gave and bequeathed the- Reverfionary Grant of 4 the said Office to Sir Frederick North, commonly called Lord 4 North, afterwards Earl of Guilford% his Executors, Adminiftrators 4 and Afsigns, wha devised and bequeathed his Reverfionary Grant 4 therein unto his Sons Francis and Frederick North, and unto his 4 Daughters Lady Katharine Ann Douglas, Lady Atm North and 4 Lady Charlotte North, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and

£ 2	4	Afsigns,

38 G. 3.086, *5.

Compenfatioft to the Duke of “ Manchelter and Lord Frederick Montagu.

Letters Patent Aug. *6, 1778,

2\2

Compenfntionto tht- Earl of Guilford and Mr. North.

Account of Officers appointed to execute Duties of abolished Patent Offices,laid before Patlia» menu

Fees in the Port of London aboli Ihed.

C. 71.	510	GEO.	HI.	A.D.itfii.

*	Afsigns, equally amongst them : And wherea9 the Profits and ‘ Emoluments of the said Office have beer, divided equally amongtt ‘ the said Perfons accordingly Be it therefore enacted, That the Compenfation or Allowance hereinbefore authorized to be made and granted by the Lords of the Treasury, upon the Abolition of the laid Office of Comptroller in the Port of London, shall be paid to and for the Ufe of the Perfons who are at the time of the palling of this Aft, or would hereafter be legally entitled to demand and receive the Profits and Emoluments of the said Office under the Will of the aforesaid Frederick Earl of Gutlfordy if the said Office had net been abolished under the Provifions of this Aft, and to no other Perfon or Perfons whatever.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever it shall be found necessary to make a new Appointment under the Authority of this Aft, for the Execution of any of the Duties of either of the Offices enumerated in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (B.) and (C.) which may be deemed requisite to be performed, although the Patents for the Offices may be abolished, the Commiifioners of the Cuftoms shall in all such cafealay an Account of the fame before both Houfes of Parliament, within Fourteen Days of the Beginning of the Seffion next after such Appointment, deferibing the Office, and the Amount of the Salary which shall be appointed for the fame.

* X. And whereas it is expedient that the Benefit intended to be

*	afforded to Trade and Commerce by the said recked Afts should,

*	without Delay, be extended as much and as generally as poffibie,

*	and that Merchants and Traders should be exonerated from the

*	Payment of any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, to any

*	Officer, Clerk or other Perfon employed in the Service of the

*	Cuftoms, except as hereinafter is provided ;* Be it therefore further enacted. That, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, no Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Defcription whatever, shall be required, taken or received, by any Officer, Clerk or other Perfon executing or performing or affilling m the Execution or Performance of any of the Duties, or acting in any of the Offices ot Employments in or belonging to Iiis Majcfty's Cuftoms in the Port of London, for any Service, Act, Duty, Matter or Thing done or performed, or to be done or performed by any or either of such Officers, Clerks or other Perfons, on account of or relating to any such Office or Employment, except as hereinafter is provided; and all such Officers, Clerks and other Perfons refpedtivelv, shall, f/om and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, receive such annual Salaries or other Allowances as the Lords Commifiioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall deem to be reasonable for the Labour and Trouble of executing the Dutieft of their respective Offices or Employments; and if any such Officer, Clerk or other Perfon, shall, at any time after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, require, take or receive any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Defcription whatever, either direftiy or indinedly, except as hereinafter is provided, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Aft, on account of or relating to any such Office or Employment,. or for any Service, Aft, Duty, Matter or Thing,

done

A.D.1811.

213

5i°GE0.III.	C.71.

dope or performed, or to be done or performed, either therein or in the Performance or Execution of any Orders or Diredions he may have received from the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Cuftoms, though the fame shall be freely offered or given, every such Officer,

Clerk or other Perfon so offending, shall, on Proof thereof to the Satisfadion of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Cuftoms in England, or any Four or more of them, be, for the First Offence, peremptorily difmifTed from his Office or Employment, and be Penalty, rendered incapable of ever again holding or executing, or acting in any Office or Employment in ,the Service of His Ms^efty’s Cuftoms or Excife.

XI.	Provided also, and be it further enabled. That nothing in this Provifo for So~ Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent licitors taking any of the Solicitors of Hw Maiefty’s Cuftoms from charging and Fee>* receiving any Fees which they have been heretofore accustomed to charge and receive on account of the professional Bufinefs which they traniaft in their respective Offices.

* X.IL And whereas it has long been the Pradice for Merchants

*	and 9thei^ concerned in the Importation and Exportation of Goods,

4 to feled and employ such of the Officers or Clerks in the Long 4 Room ,of the Cuftom House London, in preparing, framing and

*	paffing Entries of Goods inwards and outwards as they thought 4 proper: And whereas it is expedient and necelTary, for the Ac-' commodation of Trade, that Merchants and others should not be f prevented from availing themfelvesof the Affiftance afforded by such 4 Officers and Clerks, when they may require it, but that the Fee s or Reward for such Affiftance should be regulated and afeertained ;9

Be it therefore further enabled, That, from and after the said Fifth pees ^en by Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall be Clerks in the lawful for any Officer or Clerk employed in the Service of the Long Room. Cuftoms in the Long Room of the Cuftom House London, to render such Affiftance as aforesaid to Merchants and others making Entries inwards or outwards, and to take or receive for the fame such Fee or Reward only as the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Cuftoms iu England, or any Four or more of them with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall from time to time think proper and direct, and any such Officer or Clerk who shall take or receive any greater Fee or Reward for such Service than shall be so allowed and dirc&ed, shall be subject to the Penalties of this Ad, and be punishable as a Perfon receiving illegal Fees, contrary to the Pro-vifions thereof.

4 XIII. And whereas Inconvenience might arise to Merchants 4 and others making Entries at the Cuftom House jn the Port of 4 London if the several Colledors and Receivers of the Duties of 4 Cuftoms in the said Port were to be subject and liable to the 4 Penalties of this Ad, in case they were to receive more than the 4 precise fradional Amount of the Duties of Cuftoms due on any 4 such Entry not amounting to Six Pence, according to a Pradice 14 which has long prevailed Be it therefore enacted, That nothing	for

in this Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to pre- taking of the vent any Receiver or Colledor of any of the Duties of Cuftoms in odd Fence, the Port of London* from receiving and applying to his own Ufe so much beyond the precise fradional Amount ofthe Duties legally

P 3	d	ue

214

A.D.1811.

Gratuities for expediting Warrants allowed.

Certain Fees may be takr n for Cotket*.

•C.7*.	GEO.	III.	•

due on any Entry as shall not in any Inftance amount to the Sam of

Six Pence beyond fiich precise Amount of Duty; that is to fay, when the total Sum of the Duties upon an Entry produces a Eraftion under Six Pence, he may receive the Six pence, and where it produces a Fra&ion between Six Pence and One Shilling, he may receive the Shilling, provided that the Merchant or other Perfon making such Entry shall be desirous and willing to pay the fame, but not other wife

*	XIV. And whereas it is necessary, for the Accommodation of

*	Merchants and Traders, that Warrants of Entries inwards in the

*	Port of London should, in certain cases, be issued by the fevend

*	Receivers and Colleftors of the Duties of v^uftoms, and expedited

*	and delivered to the proper Officers appointed to ditcharge or

*	deliver the Goods mentioned i’ any such Entry, without waiting

*	the usual Courfe of daily Bufinefs: And whereas the Prafticeof

*	granting such Accommodation to Merchants and others has long

*	prevailed, and would, if difeontinued, be attended with much Is-

*	convenience to Trade: And whereas it is just and reasonable that

*	the Officers of the Cuftoms, by whom such Warrants are to be 4 issued and expedited, should receive a moderate Recompence for the

*	extraordinary Trouble occasioned thereby ;* Be it therefore enabled, That in case any Merchant or other Perfon making any Entry inwards in the Cuftom House in the Port of London shall be defirotis of having the Warrant of such Entry dispatched before the usual Hour of delivering such Document to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms appointed to attend the Examination and Difcharge of the Goods so entered, it shall be lawful for the Receiver or Coljeftor of the Cuftoms in the Port of London, whose Duty it may be to ilfue such Warrant, and for the Officer commonly called the Clerk of the Warrants in the Long Room of the Cuftom House London, to expedite and pass the fame throtigh the proper Offices, provided the Merchant or other Perfon making any such Entry shall request to be so accommodated ; and in such case the following Gratuity shall be paid to the said Officers; videlicet, to the Receiver or Colleftor whose Duty it may be to issue such Warrants, the Sum of Six Pence for each Warrant so issued, and no more; to the Officer commonly called the Clerk of the Warrants, the Sum of One Shilling for each Warrant so expedited, and no more ; any thing iu this Aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

*	XV. And whereas certain Perfons in the Office of the Colle&or

*	of the Cuftoms outwards in the Port of London, arc directed and

*	employed specially to write Cockets for the (hipping of Goods for 4 the Purpofe of Exportation: And whereas it has been cuftomary

*	for the Merchants and other Perfons entering Goods for Export-

*	ation, to select and employ such of the said Cocket Writers as they

*	(hall think fit to write such Cockets: And whereas it is neceffary

*	for the Accommodation of the Merchants, and to facilitate the re-

*	gular (hipping of Goods intended to be exported, particularly 4 during a Prefs of Bufinefs, that such Praftice should still be allowed;’ Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall be lawful for any Merchant or other Perfon making an Entry in the Cuftom House in the Port of London, of Goods intended to be shipped for Exportation to Foreign Par^s, and for which it is necessary a

Cocket

A.D.i8u«

5i°GE0. III.	C.71.	215

Cocket fbould be first procured, to feled and employ any or either of the Perfons bolding the Office of Cocket Writer in writing such Cocket; and it shall and may be lawful for any such Cocket Writer so 'employed as aforesaid to receive from the Merchant or other Perfon making any such Entry, such Fee or Gratuity according to the Trouble uccafioned by Writing the fame, as shall be agreed on between the Perfon making the Entry, and such Cocket Writer; any thing contained in this Ad to the contrary notwithstanding:

Provided always, that such Fee or Gratuity shall not in any case Provifo. whatever exceed the Sum of Five Shillings, including the Expence of the Parchment on which such Cocket shall be written, which Parchment the said Cocket Writer shall provide at his own Expence; and any such Cocket Writer who shall take or receive any greater Fee or Reward for writing any such Cocket than is hereinbefore allowed, shall be subject to the Penalties of this Ad, and be punifh-. able as a Perfon receiving illegal Fees contrary to the Provifion thereof.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Officers may rein this Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to p.rc- *e,.vc Shares of vent any Officer or other Perfon holding or exercising, or acting in, be,zu^e,•

or performing the Duties of any Office or Employment in the Cuftoms ;n the Port of London* from receiving such Reward or Satisfaction, for or on account of any Detention, Seizure or Forfeiture, of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or apy Penalty or Share of Penalty or Composition, which, under any Law now in force, or hereafter to be pafied in relation to the Duties of Cuftoms, be is or may be legally entitled to; or to prevent any such Officer,

Clerk or other Perfon, from receiving any Allowance, Gratuity or Reward, which the Lords Commifiioners of His Majesty’s Trea-fnry, or any Three or more of them, or the Coramiffioners of His Majesty’s Cuftoms in England, or ?ny Fopr pr more of them, may ' think fit to direct.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That nothing in this Ad con- Provifo for pre-tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter the Hours sent Hours of during which Officers, Clerks and other Perfons, employed in the Attendant* Service of the Cuftoms in the Port of London, are required to attend

for the Execution and Difcharge of their respective Duties, by the

before recited Ad, pafied in the Forty sixth Year of His present 46 G. 3. c. 8a.

Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An A8 for abolijhing Fees received by

certain Officers and other Perfons employed in the Service of the Cujloms

in the Port of London, and for regulating the Attendance of Officers

and others so employed.

XVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Commiffionert Commifiioners of His Majesty’s Cuftoms in England, or any Four of Cuftoms may or more of them, shall and may direct and enforce the Attendance r*Smre a"d of any Officer, Clerk or other Perfon, employed in the Service of His Majesty’s Cuftoms in the Port of London, at any Time and at any Place, when on any particular Emergency the Public Service shall so require, and aUo direct and enforce the Attendance of any Clerk whatever, or of any Officer or other Perfon so employed in the Service of the Cuftoms receiving daily Pay, or of any Officer or other Perfon employed in the Water Guard, at such Hours and Times, and at such Places a9 the said Commifiioners shall think fit and re-

P 4	quifite

216

Oath of Office.

6 Sc 7 W. & M. c. x. § j.

Compensation to certain Officers for Loft of Fees.

Provlfo.

C.71.	5iftGEO.	III.	A.D.1811.

quifite for the proper Difcharge of the official Duties of any such Officer, Clerk or other Perfon.

XIX.	And be it,further enacted, That every Perfon who from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve shall be appointed to anyf Office or Employment in or belonging to His Majelty’s Cuftoms in the Port of London, shall at their respective Admiflions thereto, or who, having been so appointed and admitted, shall not have taken the Oath of Office required by Law before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hun-dred and twelve shall, instead of the Oath preferibed by an Ad passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King Willim and Queen Mary, take the following Oath ; that is to fay,

* T A. J$. do swear to be true and faithful in the Execution, to the 4 * bed of my Knowledge and Power, of the Truft committed to 4 my Charge aud Infpeftion in the Service of His Majesty’s Cuf-4 toms, and that I will not require, take or receive, any Fee, Per-

Juisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any Sort or )efcription whatever, either directly or indirectly, for any Service,

4 Aft, Duty, Matter or Thing, done or performed, or to be done 4 or performed, in the Execution or Difcharge of any of the Du-4 ties of my Office or Employment, on any account whatever, other 4 than my Salary, and what is or shall be allowed me by Law or by 4 any Special Order of the Lords Cotnmiffioners of His Majesty’s 4 Treasury, or tjie Commiffioncrs of His Majesty’s Cuftoms for the 4 time being.	So help me GOD.*

XX.	And, in order that proper Compenfation may be made to any Officer, Clerk or other Perfon employed in the Service of the Cuftoms in the Port of London, who may luftain Lofs by the Abolition of Fees directed by this Aft, be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commiffioncrs of His Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, in cases where, pn dup £?aminatiqn and Enquiry, it shall be made appear to them that the Salaries or Allowances to be paid to Officers, Clerks or other Pcrfons, employed in the Service of the Cuftoms in the Port of London, as a Reward for their Labour (in future) in the Execution of the Duty of their respective Offices or Employments, may not amount to so much as it might be just and reasonable to allow to the present Pofleflors of such Offices or Employments by way of Compenfation for the Lofs of fees formerly received by them respectively, to order such further annual Allowances as they the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall deem just anti reasonable to be paid to any such Officer, Clerk or other rerfon ; such further Allowance to commence from and after the said Fifth Day pf January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to continue during the time any such Officer, Clerk or other Perfon, shall hqld any filch Office I or Employment: Provided always, that in case any such Officer, Clerk or other Perfon, shall be removed to any other Office or Em-	1

ploymentin the Service of the Cuftoms, the annual Salary or other	I

Emolument of which shall not amount to more than the Salary and the further Allowance by way of Compenfation hereby directed to J?e jnade to any such Officer^ Clerk or other Perfon, would hare

AJD.iSii.

2x7

51° GEO. III.	C.7if

amounted to, then and in such case the said Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty's Treafary may continue to any such Officer, Clerk or other Perfon, the Allowance they m3y have granted by way of Compenfation for Lofs of Fees, or any Part thereof, notwithftand-ing such Removal as aforesaid.

* XXI. And whereas certain Officers, Clerks and other Perfons * employed in the Service of the Cuftoms in the Port of London,

4 have been in the Pradice of receiving Fees not authorized by Law:

4 And whereas it is necessary and proper that such Perfons fhoulcj 4 be indemnified from any Penalties to which they might be liable in 4 consequence thereof;' Be it therefore enacted, That every Officer, Indemnity to Clerk or other Perfon employed ip the Service of the Cuftoms in the Officers for Port of London, shall be and he and they is and are hereby indemni-	t3^n

fied, freed and discharged, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures,

Incapacities and Difabilities incurred for or by reason of the de-	7

manding, taking or receiving any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward whatsoever, not authorized by the Laws in force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to indemnify pr discharge any such Officer, Clerk or other Perfon from ary Adion, Suit, Information or other Proceeding at Law which shall have been instituted or commenced against any such Officer,

Clerk or other Perfon on or before the said Fifth Day of January

One thousand eight hundred and twelve, nor extend to indemnify,

free or discharge any Officer, Clerk or other Perfon holding or ading

in any of the Offices or Employments enumerated or deferibed in

the (aid recited Afcts of the Forty sixth and Forty seventh Years of 46 G. 3. c.8*.

the Reign of His present Majesty, from any Penalty, Forfeiture, 47 G-3- Seff. It

Incapacity or Difability, incurred by any such Officer, Clerk or	*

other Perfon, by reason of his or their requiring, taking or receiving,

or having required, taken or received, any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity

or Reward, contrary to the Directions of the said Acts or either of

them; but that all the Clauses, Matters and Things, contained in

the said Ads to prevent Officers, Clerks or other Perfons, from

demanding or receiving any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward,

other than as is therein excepted in the said Ads respectively, (hall

he and remain in full Force and Effcd ; any thing contained in this

present Ad to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Salaries, Allowances Saliries, &e. t« or Compenfations, heretofore granted or allowed, or which may here- p»'<l without after be granted or allowed, to any Officer or Officers, Clerk or ^LUproMrtT* Clerks, or any Perfon or Perfons employed in the Set vice of the Tax. ” 7 Cuftoms in the Port of London, or by way of Compenfation or Allowance to any Officer, Clerk or other Perfon, who may have fuf-tained Lofs by the Abolition of any Office or Employment, or by . the Abolition of Fees, shall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive the fame, without any Abatement or Dedudion on account of any Rates or Duties imposed by any Ad of Parliament, except the Duty grapted by an Ad, pasted in the Forty sixth Year 46 G. 3. c 65. pf His present Majesty, intituled. An A3 for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Doties in Great Britain, on /£< Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Profejfions, Trades and Offices ; and for repealing qn

4*

2i$	C. 71.	510GEO. IIL	A.D.1&11.

Aft puffed in the Forty fifth Year oj His present Majefly%for rtptaYit? certain Parts of an /I8 wade in the,Forty third Year of His prefeeJ Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Pro* perty, Profrffions, Trades and Offices, and to confolidatc and render more ejfeftual the Provifions for colletling the /aid Duties.

* XXII I. And whereas it is expedient that Provifions fhnuhj be 1 made for extending the Provifions of this'Ad to the Out Ports in • Great Britain, as soon as the Lords Commiflioners of His Mjjrfty’t Twfury may 4 Treasury (hull think the fame ftiould be so extended ;* Be it fur-extend Ad to	thcr enacted, That, from ar.d after the f;iid Fifth Day of January

the Out Ports	One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it fhal! be lawful for tiie

hx f iiidln Gak°r<*8 Commiflioners of His Majefly’s Treasury for the time being. Dr any Three or more of them, whenever it fhull appear to them to be expedient and proper, to extend the Proviiions of this Aft to any of the other Ports in Great Britain, ar.d to the Officers, Clerks ar.d other Perfons, employed in the Service of the Cufloms at any such Ports, and I hat the fame can conveniently be done; and the feid Lords Commifiione a of His Majetty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized, from time to time as they shall think fit, to put in Execution the Powers and Provifions of this Aft, as to any Out Fort or Out Ports in Great Britain, by extending the Provifions of this Aft to any such Port or Ports in Great Brkmt and to the Officers, Clerks and other Pcrfons, employed in the Service of the Cuftoms therein; and in such case the laid Commil-fionera^of His Majesty’s Treasury shall give Notice qf such Exteo-fion, in the London Gazette, Three several times.

Tn*t) Time of XXIV. And be it further enacted, That* from and after ‘.he Ex-*uke, Powers piration of Fourteen Days from the Publication of any such Notices, to be cx* or any such longer Period from fuph Publication as the said Lords °Ut Commiffio tiers of His Maiefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of 01	them, ftiall diicft to be inlerted therein, all the Powers, Authorities,

Provisions, Direftions, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained in this Aft, shall, so far as the fame are applicable, be deemed and construed to extend to anyfqch Port or Ports, and to the Abolition of any of the Offices enumerated or deferibed in any such Notice or Notices, and to any Officer, Clerk or other Perlon, holding any Office or Employment in His Majesty’s Cuftoms at such Fort or Ports, who shall be enumerated or deferibed in any such Notices, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if such Officer, Clerk or Perfon, had been enumerated or deferibed in the Tahls annexed to this Aft, and as if all the said Powers, Authorities* Provifions) Direftions, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures, so far as the . fame are applicable, had been repeated and particularly enacted in the Body of this Aft.

Aft may be al- XXV. And be it further enacted, .That this Aft may be varied, Ac. altered or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be made iu this prefeut Sefiion of Parliament.

,	Table (A.)

A LIST of OFFICES which, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, are to be wholly aboli Hied.

• Tnfpeftor of Prosecutions.

Regifter of Goods seized, ^nd of Informations and Suits.

Infpcflor

A.D.i8n.	510 GEO- III-	C.	71,75*'	319

Infpe&or and Examiner of the Books of the Patent and other Officers of the Ports.

Keeper of the Books of Entries for the Port or London.

Colle&or of the Petty Cuftoms of Aliens iu the Port of London, and Keeper of the Cocket Seal to the said Office belonging.

Cuftomers at the Out Ports,

[•See the AS to which this Table is annexed.]

Table (B.)

A LIST of OFFICES which, from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, are to be aboliffied ; the Duties whereof, being useful and necessary, are to continue to be executed.

Patent Infpe&or of the Out Port Colle&ors’ Accounts and Vouchers.

Patent Comptroller of the Cuftoms in the Port of London, excepting the Duties on Cloth, Wool and Leather, exported.

Patent Surveyor of Subfidies and Petty Cuftoms in the Port of London.

Pateut Colle&or of the Cuftoms of Tonnage and Poundage, out# wards, in the Port of London, and Keeper of the Cocket Seal.

Chief Patent Searcher of the Cuftoms in the Port of London.

All other Patent Searchers in London, or the Out Ports.

Waiters, commonly called Patent King’s Waiters, in the Ports of London and BriftoL

Patent Comptrollers at the Out Ports.

L&r the AS to which this Table is annexed.']

Table (C.)

A LIST of OFFICES which, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, are to be aboliffied ; the Duties whereof, being useful and necessary, are to be transferred to other Offices.

Receiver of His Majesty’s Share of enumerated Goods, Fines and Forfeitures, remitted from the Out Ports.

Examiner of the Out Port Books in the Port of London.

Comptroller of the pretermitted Cuftoms in the Port of London. '

Collector of the Cuftoms of Hides, Woolfells, Lead and Tin, in the Port of London, and Keeper of the Seal called the Cocket, in the Port aforesaid.

the AS to which this Table is annexed.]

CAP. LXXII.

An AQ. for granting Exemptions in certain Cafes from the Payment of the Duties charged in refpeCfc of Servants, Carriages, Horfes and Dogs, kept in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

[15th June 1811.3

1 TT 7 HE REAS by certain Afts palled in the Forty eighth and 48 G.3. c.jy.

4 VV Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain 5°	«• 104*

‘ Duties are granted to His Majesty on Male Servants, Carriages,

‘ Horfes for riding or drawing the laid Carriages, and on Dogs, to

•	«	be

*5

a 20

A-D.i&n.

48 G.3. c. 4*«

Pcrfons paving the Duties for Servants, fcc. in G. fi. not liable to pay for fame Eftabliflmient in Ireland.

Perfons paying in Ireland shall only be liable (for Amount of Djuty iu G. B.

Poriodi at which the refj^dive

C72.	ji°	GEO. III.

4 be annually affelled and paid throughout Great Britan, which 4 Duties are placed under the Management of the Commissioners for 4 the Affairs of Taxes in Great Britain ; And whereas by a certain 4 A61 passed in the fame Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His 4 present MajelVy, certain Duties are also granted to His Majesty oa 4 Male Servants, Carriages, Horfes for riding or drawing the said 4 Carriages, and on Dogs* to be annually levied and paid through-4 out Ireland, which lait mentioned Duties are placed under the 4 Management of the Commjlfioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in 4 Ireland; And whereas it is jud and reasonable that Perfor.s re* ‘ tiding partly in Great Britain and partly in Ireland (houlJ not rsy 4 the Duties granted by the said leyeral A els for the fame E(hhi:!h-4 ment of Servants, Carriages, Horfes and Dogs? in the fame Year 4 in both Parts of the United Kingdom May it therefore phase Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Mod Excellent Majcfly, by and with the Advice and Cor.feat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefuit Parliament afleinbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That even' Perfon who shall have paid the said Duties so payable in Great Britain in respect of any such Servants, Carriages, Horfes or Dogs, for the Period of 'One whole Year, who shall also at any time within the fame Year, as hereinafter is provided, be charged to the said Duties so payable in Ireland, for his or her Servants, Carriages, Horfes or Dogs, kept in Ireland, (the said Servants, Carnages, Horfes or Dogs, so kept in Ireland, being either the fame Servants, Car-riagles, Hqrfes or Dogs, which are so charged in Great Britain in fuch|Year, or Servants in the fame Capacities, or Carriages, Horfes or Dogs of the fame Descriptions, chargeable in Great Britain with the like Duties, and kept in lieu of such of the said Servants, Carriages, Horfes or Dogs, as have been bona fide parted with) shall be wholly exempted frpm Payment in Ireland f<?r One Year of the Duties so charged thereon, in respect of each and every of the said Servants, Carriages, Horfes and Dogs, kept in Ireland; and every Perfon who shall have paid the said Duties so payable in Ireland, in respect of any such Servants, Carriages, Horfes or Dogs, for Oi:e Year, who shall at any time within the fame Year, as hereinafter is provided* be charged to the said Duties so payable in Great Britain, for his or her Servants, Carriages, Horfes or Dogs, kept in preat Britain, the said Servants, Carriages, Horfes or Dogs, so kept in Great Britain, being either the fame Servants, Carriages, fiorfes or Dogs, which are fq charged in Ireland in such Year, or Servants in the fame Capacities, or Carriages, Horfes or Dogs, of the fame Defcriptions, chargeable in Ireland with the like Duties, and kept in lieu of such of the Servants, Carriages, Horfes or Dogs, as have been bona fide parted with, shall be exempted from Payment in Qmt Britain for One Year, of so much of the said Duties so charged thereon as the Duty paid in Ireland, in rcfpe£t of each and every of the fame Servants, Carriages, Horfes or Dogs, or Servants, Carriages, Horhs or Dogs, kept in lieu thereof respectively as aforesaid shall amount unto, provided that due Proof shall be made of such Payments in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, in the manner hereinafter dire died.

4 II. And whereas the said Duties payable in Great Britain arc 4 chargeable yearly, from the Fifth Day of April in each Year, and

4 the

A.D-iffi i

221;

5i°GEO-IIf.	C.	72.

*	the said Duties payable in Ireland, are chargeable yearly from the

*	Fifth Day of January in each Year •/ Be it declared and farther enacted, That Proof of Payment in Ireland in the manner herein directed, within any Year, commencing on the Fifth Day of January in such Year, shall entitle the Claimant to the Efxcmptiou hereby granted in Great Britain, for the Year commencing on the Fifth Day of April following, and Proof of Payment in Great Britain in the manner herein directed, for One Year, from the Fifth Day of April in any Year, shall entitle the Claimant to the Exemption hereby granted in Ireland, within the Year commencing on the Fifth Day of January preceding.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Per-fon claiming to be exempted from any of the said Duties in Great Britain, by virtue of this Act, shall produce and deliver to the Surveyor or Infpedor of the Diilrid where such Claimant shall reside, a Certificate under the Hand of the proper Officer of the Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, containing a true Copy of the Receipt and Receipts given to such Claimant on all such Payments as aforesaid for the last Year wherein such Claimant was charged to the said Duties in Ireland, which Certificate shall either contain, or there shall be annexed thereto, a Return containing the Number of Servants, Carriages, Horfes and Dogs, paid for in Ireland by such Claimant in the fail Year and the Names and Capacities of the said Servants, and the Defcriptions of the said Carnages, Horfes and Dogs, as required by the said first recited Ads, diftinguidling which of the said Servants, Carriages, Horfes or Dogs, are the fame with those so charged in Ireland, and which of them are kept in lieu of such of the said Servants, Carriages, Horfes or Dogs, which have been parted with, and every such Claim being first figaed by the Claimant in his or her own proper Name, and in his or her usual maimer of Writing, the fame (nail be transmitted to the Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes in England, and the said Commifiioners shall enquire and examine into the Truth of every such Claim in such manner as they shall think necefiary ; and the Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland shall and they are hereby required to aid and aififi the Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes in their Enquiries and Examinations into such Claims, and whenever any such Claims shall be duly proved to the Satisfaction of the Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes in England, they shall certify the fame to the Commifljoners of the Diftritt where such Claims respectively shall be made, and shall give such Dire&ions for granting the required Ex-emptions, either before or after Afiefiment, as to them shall seem neeeffary, in order to give the Relief granted by this A&, and the Afieffment on every such Claimant shall be made, discharged, altered or amended accordingly.

IV.	And be it further enacted, TJiat the several Amounts of Duty fj to be exempted in Great Britain shall be retained and fet down inFigures in the several Books and Duplicates of Afiefiment of the respective Commifiioners, under the Head of “ Exemptionj on Ac-count of Ireland,” and shall respectively he dedu&cd from the whole Duty chargeable on each Claimant by virtue of the said recited Ads, and the Difference between the Duty so chargeable and the Amount of the Sum to be exempted shall be fet down as the net Duty to be paid by each such Claimant, and the Duplicate thereof to be delivered

Duties com-tnence.

Ferfons chimin; Exemption iti G. B. to product Certificates of Payment of Duties m Ireland.

Amount of fuch

Exemptions to be k.-pt.

AJD.i8il

Perfons claiming Exemptions in Ireland to produce Certificates of Payment of Duties in G. B.

Claiming Exemptions fraudulently.

Penalty.

How Penalties recovered and applied.

C.72.	516 GEO. IIL

livered to the Colle&or of the Paristi, Ward dr Place where each such Claim (halt have been allowed, shall be made or amended in such Manner that the net Duty only shall be demanded of or paid by each such Claimant.

V.	Provided always, and he it further enadbed, That every Perfon claiming to be exempted from any of the said Duties in Ireland, by virtue of this Acl, shall produce and deliver to the proper Officer of Inland Excife or Taxes in Ireland, a Certificate under the Hand of the said Claimant' containing the Number of Servant*} Carriages, Horfes and Dogs assessed on such Claimant in Great Britain for the last Year of (uch Affefiment, together with the Names and Capacities of the Servants, and the DefcnptionB of the Carriages, Hones and Dogs charged therein, diftinguithing which of the -faid Servants, Carriages, Horfes or Dogs, are the fame with thofie so charged in Great Britain, and which of them arc kept in lieu of such of the said Servants, Carriages, Horfes or Dogs, which have been parted with, and also a true Copy of the Receipt and Receipts given to such Claimant on all such Payments as aforesaid, for that Year, containing the Diftridt or County, and the Parifh, Ward or Place where such Payments were made, and every such Claim being first signed by the Claimant, in his or her own proper Name, and in his or her usual manner of Writing, the fame shall be transmitted to the Coro-mifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, who shall enquire and examine into the Truth of every such Claim in such manner as they shall think necessary, and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in England shall and they are hereby required to aid and assist the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland in their Enquiries and Examinations into such Claims, and whenever any such Claims shall he duly proved to the Satisfaction of the Commif-fioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, it shall be lawful for them to grant the said Exemptions in such manner as they are authorized to grant other Exemptions by any Adi or A6U in force relating to the said Duties.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Petfors shall make any such Claim in Great Britain, without having first paid the Duties in Ireland for the fame Articles respectively, or for Articles of the fame Defcriptions respectively with the Articles for which such Exemption is claimed, or if any Perfon or Perfons shall make any such Cfaim in Ireland, without naving first. paid the Du. ties in Great Britain for the fame Articles respectively, or for Articles of the fame Defcriptions respectively with the Articles for which such Exemption is claimed ; or if any Perfou or Perfons shall be guilty of any Fraud or Contrivance with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Duties, Taxes, Impositions, or Sum or Sums of Money granted or made payable in Great Britain or Ireland by virtue of the said recited Adis, or any of them, either in making any such Claim, or in obtaining any such Exemption, or shall deliver any false or fraudulent Certificate, with Intent to obtain any such Exemption, or shall make a Second Claim for the fame Cause, every such Perfon so offending shall forfeit any pay the Sum of One him-dred Pounds.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in every case where the said Penalty shall be incurred in Great Britain, the fame may be sued for, recovered and applied, as any Penalty for any Offence

committed

A.D.i8ti.

g£o. nt.

c.72, so.

23}

committed agairtft the said first recited Afts, or either of them, re-lating to the said Duties payable in Great Britain, may be filed for, recovered or applied in that Part of Great Britain where the said OfFence shall be committed, and in every case where the said Penalty shall be incurred in Irelandt the fame may be sued for, recovered and applied as any Penalty for any Offence committed against the last recited Aft, or any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland refpeft- * ing the fame, may be sued for, recovered or applied in Ireland\

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to or in any W3y to affect any of the Exemptions from the Payments of the said Duties granted and allowed by any Aft or Afts of Parliament, to Members of Parliament ordinarily resident in Ireland, or Perfons holding Offices or publick Employments in Ireland, and being resident in Great Britain, for the Purpofes of assisting in the Execution of the publick Bufinefs, or to alter the manner of claiming such Exemptions as granted and allowed by the said Aft or Afts last mentioned#

CAP. LXXin.

An Act for the better Security of His Majefly’s Naval Arfenak in the River Medway, and Portsmouth and Hamoaze Harbours, and of His Majesty’s Ships and Veffels lying at and refortmg to the fame#	[15th	June	1811.]

1 TTTHEREAS it is necessary for the Prefervation and Security

*	V v of His Majesty’s Ships and Veffels, and Naval Arfenals in

*	the River Medway, and in the Great Harbours of Portsmouth and ‘ Hamoaze, that all Ships and Veffels, not belonging to the Royal

*	Navy, entering the said River and Harbours should be placed ' under proper Regulations with refpe6t to the Difpofal of any Gun-1 powder which may be on board the fame;’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Maftcr or Commander of every Ship or Veffel, not belonging to His Majesty, which shall be intended to proceed into or enter the said River or Harbours shall, previous to such Ships or Veffels entering the fame, land or deposit all the Gunpowder which nay be on board fuel) Ship or Veffel over and above the Quantity of Five Pounds Weight at such Warehoufe or Warehouses, Place or Places, as shall from time to time be appointed for the Purpofe of receiving the fame by the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lords Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Three or more of them (which Appointment of such Warehoufes or Places shall be notified in the London Gazette) and the Mafter or Owner of every such Ship or Veffel shall pay Warehoufe Rent for such Powder, at the Rate of One Shilling per Barrel, to the Officer, Keeper or other Perfon appointed by the Mafter General and Officers of His Majesty’s Ordnance, (who are hereby required and directed to make such Appointment as soon as they shall be certified of the Appointment by the said Lord High Admiral or Lord5 Con?xhif!ioners of the Admiralty of such Warehoufes or Place*)

for

Kxemptrom to Members of Parliament md I'ublick OUicetS not efte&cil

Regulations for Mullers of Veffels entering the Medway, £c. as to depositing Gunpowder,

Warehoufe Rent to Keeper appointed bv Mafter of the. Ordnance.

A.D.ifiu.

Refilling to land Guapowde*

Penalty.

Provifo for being driven within the River, &c. by SOrel's of Weather.

Penalty.

Before entering River, Stc. Guns of VefTeis to be cleared.

Penalty. Penalties how levied and applied.

C. 73.	51? GEO. III.

for the Cuftody of such Gunpowder, and the Care and Superintend, ance of such Warchoufes or Places, and which Rent the said Officer, Keeper or Perfon so appointed is hereby authorized and required to demand and receive ; and if any such Mailer or Owner fball neglect or refuse to land or deposit such Gunpowder as aforesaid without reasonable Excufe to be allowed by Certificate in Writing of the Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Ships or Veffels, or the Ret dent Commiffioner of the Navy at Sheerne/s, Portfmoutb and Plymouth for the time being refpe&ivcly, or in his or their Abfence by the Senior Mailer A ttendant of Iiis Majesty’s Dock Yard at either of the said Places, or shall refuse to pay such Warehouse Rent as aforesaid, he shall respectively, for every such Offence or Default, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less thaa Five Pounds, together with all the Gunpowder on board such Ship or Veflel: Provided always, that in case any Ship or Veflel shall be driven within the said River or Harbours by Strefs of Weather, so that it shall not have been pofiible to have previously landed m de-pofited at the Warehoufe or Place appointed, the Gunpowder on board the fame, the Officer of the Cufioms that shall firffi go on board such Ship or Veiled shall make a Report to the Colle&or and Comp, trailer of the Cufloms of the Port of the Quantity of Gunpowder (if any] on board such Ship or Velfel; and such Collector or Comp* trailer mall, without Delay, transmit a Copy thereof to the Refident Commiffioner of the Navy at Shecrnefty Portsmouth or Plymouth, or, in his Abfence, to the Senior Mailer Attendant of His Majedy’s Dock Yards at either of those Places $ and the Mailer or Commander of every Ship or Veflel so driven in as aforesaid shall, within Twenty four Hours after such Ship or Veflel shall have entered said River or Harbours, land and deposit all the Gunpowder over and above the Quantity of Five Pounds Weight which may be on board the fame, at the Warehoufe or Place and in the manner hereinbefore provided for, on pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, together with all the Gunpowder 011 board such Ship or Veflel: Provided always, that it ThaU and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or Lords Cora-miflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or any Three or more of them for the time being, or for the Refident Commiffioner at Sheernrfey Portsmouth or Plymouth, to order such Gunpowder to be reitored to the Owner or Owners thereof, in such cases where it may be deemed proper so to do.

II.	And be it further enacted, That before any armed Ship or Veflel, not belonging to His Majessy, shall enter the said River or either of the said Harbours, the Guns on board the fame shall be cleared or unloaded ; and if any such Ship or Veflel shall come into or enter the said River or Harbours with any of her Guns loacted, either with Pow’der and Ball, or with Powder only (except in cases of Diftrefs as aforefaid), the Mafler or Perfon having the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Veflel shall, for every such Offence or Default, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

III.	And be it further enabled, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by this A£ imposed shall be sued for within One Month after the Offence or Offences committed, and all such Penalties and For. feitures shall be levied and recovered before any Two or more Juftices

of

AJj.iM.	51“	GEO.	IH.	,0.7$.	iig

of tke ftide for thfc C?oithty in oradjotnifig to whirfh rtie OlietKte'fhaU	'*

be committed, and stich Juft ices are hereby empowered and Acquired, upon Information or Complaint to them made, to grant a Summons or Warrant to bring before them such Offender or Offenders at such Time or Place as Sail be In such Wai+ailt fpedfled ; And If ott the Conriftion of the Offenders respectively, either on his, her or their Confeflton, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witnefe or Witneffes tipori Oath (which Oath such Jufticei are hereby empowered to adminifter), such Penalty or Forfeiture fhati not be forthwith paid, the (ante shall be levied by Dlitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under this Hands and Seals of such Jn ft ices* and the Overplus (if any) of thte Money nufed by such Difcreft and Sale, after deducting the Fine,

Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Cods and Charges of making such Diftiefs aad 8ale* shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so diftratued, and for Want of Diftrefe, and in Cafe the ^nahy or Forfeiture shaft not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Juft tees to commit every such Offender to	>

lay Gaol or House of Correction within the County, there to remain without Bail or MatnpriXe, for any time not exceeding One Month, tinlefs fttch Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attend-Ing the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures when paid, Snd all the Warehtmfe Rent for Gunpowder deposited as hereinbefore provided, shall be applied toward! carrying this Aft into Execution, in such Manner* and undet such Checks and Regulations as the said Lord High Admiral, or the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, for the time being, ot any Three or more of them, shall direct.

IV.	And be k further enacted, That when any D HI rest shall bfc Ditrsft not unmade for any 8um Or Sums of Money to be levied by virtu* of this lawful for want Aft, the DHtrefs jtfelf shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Form*

Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpafler or Trek

gaffers on account of any Defcft or want of Form in the Sommetis,

Coadftion* Warrant of Distress, or the Proceedings relating thereto^ nor (hal the Party or Parties be deemed a Trtfpaffer ab initio oh account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards caakifti&ed bt the Party or Parties diftrtrining$ but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by filth Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaftfotrfor the special Damage sustained in an Adton on the Cafe.

V.	And* for the more e&fy and speedy Conviftioft of Oftenddrt Conviftloiisto agrinft this Aft, be it further enacted, That the Jo dices of the be dtawn accord-Petce before whom any Perfon shall be convicted of any Offence inSt0 *h« tgtjnft tbk Aft* shall and may cause the Conviftkm to be drawn up

according to the following Form ; videlicet ^	orm‘

BE it remembered, that on the	Day of

in the Year of our Lord #	A.	B.	is	cOnvifted	before us [here fyacify tie

1 Qftnte tend the Ttitu and Place when and white conUnitted, at toe

Se May bt\ contrary to an Aft of Parliament made in the Fifty-Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Intituled, [htte * tijfctt the Title af this A8.~] Given under our Hands and Seals tba * Im and Year first above written.

• C. D.

• £. P *

5t G10.HL	Q	VI. And

• za6

A.D.rSu.

App-l.

Cenioai

Notice of Atfkc*, &c.

Limitation of Affioas.

-)

Treble Cadi.

C 73.	51* GEO. III.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Perfou or Perfons, so convicted of any Offence or Of-

. fences, againff this Ad, to appeal to the Juffices of the Peace affem-bled at the next General Quarter-Seffions or General Seffions to be . holden for the County or Place in which such Convidion shall be made, on giving Fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Juffices, for being per-. fonally prefect at such General Quarter-Seffions or General Seffions, .and for prosecuting the said Appeal with Efifed, and abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Juffices, in such General Quarter-Seffions, or Genera] Seffions, shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quaih and annul the said Convidion and award (uch Coffs to either Party as to them the (aid Juffices seem juff and reasonable; and the De-cifioir of the said Juffices therein shall be final, binding and cou-elusive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Ad shall be quaffied or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Procefs whatsoever, into any of His Majeffy’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler or eliewhere, any Law or Statute to the coutrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Adion to be commenced again ft any Perfon or .Pcrfons for any thing done in purfuanpe of this Ad, uolefs Notice jn Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Fourteen Days before such Adion, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Caufe of such Adion ; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Adion if 'Fender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney, by or 011 the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Adion brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Adion, by Leave of the Conit, after such Adion shall have been brought, at any time before I flue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, (he or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall be made and given, in and by such Court, as in other Adions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

. VIII. Provided always, aud be it enacted, That no Adion or Suit shall be commenced againff any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in pursuance of this Ad, after Three Months next after the Faff committed; and every such Adion or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County or Place where or adjoining, to which the Caufe of Ac* tiou shall ariie 5 and if any such Adion or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days9 Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Sa-- tisfadion made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the fame as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdid, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her or their Adioa or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given againff the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Coffs, and lmve such Remedy for recovering the (ame as any Defendant hath for Coffs of Suit in other cases of Law.

CAP.

^•Di 181 x«

519 GEO. in.

C.74.	aa7

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for authorizing the Sale of Prize Goods lodged in

Warehoufes after a certain Period.	[15th	June	1811.J

•	\T7HEREAS it is expedient that Prize Goods landed and fe-

*	V V cured in Warehoufes within Great Britain should be .cleared 4 from thence within a limited timeBe it enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords. Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pvefent Par*

liameqt assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Goods fecored in Owners or Proprietors of all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which Warehoufes from and after the passing of this Ad may be secured in Warehoufes “nder 4t3 ^j3* under the Regulations 0? an Ad paiTed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS for the Relief Three Yesrs of the Captor* of Prize* with reJ^eS to the bringing and landing cer- from the Entry, tain Prize Good* in Great Britain during Hojlifitie*, shall, within Three &Ct orf°W. Years, to be computed from the Day on which such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be respectively entered with the proper Officers of the Cuftoms and of the Excifc where that Revenue is concerned, clear and take from and out of such Warehouses, either for Exportation according to the Diredions of the said recited Aft of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or- for fonfumption in Great Britain, all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize ; and in case such Owner or Proprietor shall fail or neglect so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majefty**

Cuftoms in England and Scotland respectively to cause.all such Goods,

Wares and Merchandize to be publickly told, and after such Sale, the Produce thereof is first to be. applied to or towards the Charges of Warehoufe Room and other Charges that shall arise thereon, next the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife, and the Overplus, if any, to be paid to the Owqer or Proprietor, or such other Perfon or Perfons as may be authorized to receive the fame: Provided always, that no Provifo.

Goods, Wares or Merchandize, prohibited to. he imported into.this Kingdom and warehoused under the Authority. of the said recited'

Ad of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

shall be permitted to be cleared from the Warehoufes for Home Confumption.

4 II. And whereas it is expedient that Goods, Wares and Mer- Prixe Goods now 4 chandize brought in as Prize, now remaining in Warehouses, shall in Warehoufe*

4 be cleared from thence, within a limited timeBe it therefore eroded, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize brought in as Years.

Prize, and which are now remaining in Warehoufes within Great Britain shall, and the fame are hereby required to be cleared from thence within Two Years, to be computed from the puffing of this Ad, or on Failure thereof such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall and may be disposed of in the fame manner as Prize Good* warehoused after the pafling of this Ad, which are not cleared from the Warehoufes within Three Years from the time of Entry,'are hereby directed to he disposed »£

4 III. . And whereas Goods, Wares and Merchandize may, under 4 particular Circumflanets, be allowed to be ‘ warehoused without 4 Payment of. Duty, though not included in the Tables annexed to 1 the Ad of %ht Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent

Q a	«	Majefty,

JLD.ifcfi

^1	C.'74i 75.	GEO. 11^

43 0-3- «• *3*» * Majesty, intituled, An for permitting certain Goods im ported mtt

*	Great Britain to be secured fu Warehouses Without Payment of Duty,

*	and it is expedient that similar Provifion should be made for-clearing d such Goods, Wares and Merchandize from the Warehouses within

Goods landed « a limited timeBe it therefore enacted, That no Goods, Ware* and warehoused Merchandize, which from and after the p&ffing of this Aft may ^Counc^OT*1 ■^owe^ to fanned and warehoused by the Authority of any Wjrrantof°r €Mer in Couneil, or by Warrant of the Lords Commiffioncrs of His Treasury when Majeftyfe Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to he cleared. fan remain warehoused beyond the Period of Fifteen Months, to be r	'	computed	from the Day on which such Goods shall be entered with

tike proper Officers of the Cuftoms and Excife where that Retreat it concerned, unlefsany other Period (half be limited by such Order in Council or Warrant respectively, and in case any Goods, Warn or Merchandize, warehoused under such Authority as aforesaid, fall not •	be cleared and taken out of such Warehoufes in order to be exported

within the (aid Period of Fifteen Months, except as aforefeid, the feme fall aad may be disposed of in the fame manner as is herein directed with respect to Goods, Wares and Merchandize brought in as Price, aad whieb are not cleared within Three Years from the Day on which the feme shall hare been fceured in Warehoufes.

* IV. And whereas it is exc^dient that Goods, Wares and M«r-

*	chandize now remaining in Warehoufes under and in pursuance of

*	any special Authority, not Untiling the Period Of such Warehoufmg, Good* in Ware- « fauld be cleared from thence within a limited time ;* Be it there-houfe* under fore enacted, That all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, now

LL remaining in Warehouses, (hail, and the feme are hereby required to Period of Ware- be cleared from thence within Fifteen Months from the palling of houfinp, when to this Aft, or on Failure thereof the fame fall and may be disposed of he cleared. in the feme manner as Goods, Wares and Merchandize warehoused by any special Authority after the palling of this Aft, which are not cleared from the Warehoufes within Fifteen Months from the tine of the Entry, are hereby directed to be disposed of.

Prmifo.	V. Provided always. That nothing in this Aft contained shall pre-

vent any Goods, Wares and Merchandize from remaining ia Warehoufes beyond the Period by this Aft limited, without being fold 11 aforesaid ; provided such Period shall be prolonged by the Authority of any Order in Couneil, or any Warrant of the Lords Gommfffioner* of His Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them-

CAP. LXXV.

Alt Aft for making further Provifion far the Payment of $a-. lariesuad other Charges in the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India; and for enabling the Eaf India Company to rest ore to the Service of the faia Company, Mi-Btaty Officers removed therefrom by Sentences of Courts Martial; and to authorize the said Company, in Cafes of unforeseen Emergency, to take up Ships by private Ctot»&

[tSfck Jnos.i&h]

SJO.3.C.$%• *¥¥7HEREAS by an Aft palled in the Thirty third Year 6f *\ VV the Reign of Hia present Majesty, intituled, An M Af* •: comimtmg Jm Jho jEaft India Company, fir ifirtho*Tem?+ht rtf'

AlBiiftii*

5*« GfiOv III.	C,	7*?

•	fttfi9* °f the Bririfll Territories in India* together moitb fbtir excfafive'

4 Tretdi9 under certain Limitations * for ejtablijhingfurther Regulation*

*for (be Government of the fetid Territories? and the better Adrsmifita^

4 time- of Jufteee nrithin the fame ; for appropriating to certain Ufes the 4 Remetmee ahd Profits of the /aid Company ; md for maiingProv*

" Jim for she good Order and Government of the Temms of CatoUtta^

4 Mama andBombay, it wa«v among other things, entdted, That it ft 4 should be lawful for His Majafty, his Heirs or SoccafTore, by any 4 Letcm Patent, or by any Commiffiou or Commiflions to bo iffued'

1 under the Great Seal of Great Britain, from time to time to nomi-4 aatey con&itute and appoint, during his or their Pleaftire, fnch

•	Members of the Privy Council (of whom the Two Principal Secro 4 tarie* of State and the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time 4 being ftrofrid always be Three), and such other Two Perfons as His*

4 Majesty, his Heirs or Succeftbrs, should think fit, to be and srho* r should accordingly be and be (tiled CommiMomrs for the Affoirs of

4 India-; and1 it was in and by the (aid A& also enacted, that the- §5.

4 (aid Bbard of GomtnifBoners ihould and might nominate and appoint 0 fooh Secretaries and Officers as ihould be necetfary to attend upon

•	the (aid Board, who should be fubie& to DifmUIion at the Pleaiaro*

4 of the said Board; and that as well the (aid Commissioners, op such 4 and-fo many of them as His Majesty (hoaid think fit, as bkevrifo 4 their Secretaries and other Officers, ftiould be paid such fixed Sa+

4 lanes as His Majesty should by any Warrant or Warrants under his 4 Sign Manual, counterfigvted be the Chancellor of the Exchequer 4 for the time being, direct; alt which Salaries, together with all*

•	other contingent Charges and Expenses to be incurred by the (aid ‘ Boards should be paid and defrayed Quarterly by the United Com-..

4 paay of Merchants of England trading to thfe Eajt Indies, and b*>

4 deemed and taken as* Part of their Commercial Charges, the <gqar*>

4 teriy Amount thereof being first fettled and allowed by the faid>

4 Rnaid, andeertified by the Profident or Ading Prefidsot of she (hid 4 Board for the time being, to the Court of Dire&or* of the said 4 Company; provided that the whole of the Salaries- to be paid tot 4 the Members of the said Board should not exceed the Sum of Frrw f tfoo&nd Pounds im any One Tear; and that the whole of the Sa*

4 lories^ Charges and Expenses of the said Board, exelofm of the 4 Salaries of the Members of the said Board, should not exceed the 4 Sum of Eleven thoufsed Founds in any On* Year: And whereas

•	it? is reufouable that a more ample Allowance should be made for the 4 (Ud Salaries, Charges and Exponent*;’ Be it therefore enatifed by the King’* Moft Excellent Majefty* by and with the Advice and Cendant oP tho Lords Spiritual: and Temporal, and Comtaons, in this prefatt Parliament afoittbled, arid by the Authority of the fame;

That fdtffcfcb of the fold A6t as broils the whole of the Salaries td repealed be paid to the Members of the (aid Board to the Sum of Five thou-band Pound** in any One Years and the whole of the Salaries, Charge* and Expenses of tte (aid Board, exekifiveof the Salaries of the Mem* beta thereof to the Sam of filfcttti themfend Pounds? any Oud Year, ffcattbe gad the feme fe hereby repealed,

11* Presided always, and bd it further enaftsd, That, from and Salaries in* Er-afcr£-tfi<* Twenty* fifth Day of December One tkoufrnd right hundred peaces to be paid and tea, the whole- of tbe-Salaries to he- paid to* the Members* of thd 1,1 filt]Jre bid Board, and to* rive B«omarie**aird OSceiw of the fame; togsthef exceed sipooL

•	Q 3	with

A.D.1811.

33a	C.	>5.	51* GEO.	.III.

50 G. 3. c. xi7. * 1.

extended to Commiflioners for Affiurs of India.

3,0.3. c.

with all other contingent Charge* and Expences of the frid Board, to be defrayed by the said United Company as aforesaid, shall not ex-> ceed the Sum of Twenty two thousand Pounds in any one Year.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of an A A palled in the* Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An AS to direS that Accounts of Increafe and Diminution of Publish Salaries, Penfions and Allowances>Jhall he annually laid before Parliament ; and to regulate and controul the granting and paying of such Salaries, Penfions and Allowances, as directs that between the First Day* of February and the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year, u Parliament shall be fitting during any Part of such Period ; or if Parliament shall not be fitting during any Part of such Period, then within Forty Day* after the Commencement of the Seiiion of Parliament in such Year, there shall be laid before both Houfe* of Parlh* xnent, an Account of every Increafe and Diminution which shall have taken place within the preceding Year, ending on the First Day of* January, in the Number of Penons employed in all public Offices or Departments, or in the Salaries, Emoluments, Allowance* and Expences which may have taken place, or been paid, granted, received or incurred for and in respect of all Officers and Perions belonging to or employed in or by, or in the Service of all public Offices or Departments, specifying the Amount and Nature thereof, and diftio-guifhing in such Account every Increafe and Diminution in the Amount of all Allowances or Compenfations granted or allowed, as retired Allowances or Superannuations, to any Perfon or Perfoos* having held any Office, Place or Employment in any such publick Office or Department, or having been employed in any manner in any publicjc Services under any such Office or Department; and specifying in every such Account the Time and length of Service of every such Perfon, and the Amount of the Salary or Allowances re' ceived by such Perfon immediately preceding such Superannuation, and the Nature of his Services; and also specifying in every such Account the Grounds upon which every such Increafe or Diminution in the Eftablifitment of any such publics. Office or Department, or of any such Salary, Emolument, Allowance or Compenfation, or Superannuation as aforesaid, shall have been made, granted or allowed, shall extend and be con (trued to extend to. the Office of the Com-miffioners for the Affairs of India. -

4 IV. And whereas it was in and by the said A6t of the Thirty

*	third Year of Hi* present Majesty’s Reign also enacted, that after ‘ Sehtence or Judgment pf any Court, having competent Jurifdic-4 tion, whether in Great Britain or in India, against any Governor 4 General, Governor, President, Counsellor or Commander in Chies, 4 or against any of the said United Company’6 Servants, Civil or Mi-f. lit ary, for any Debts or Penalty due or belonging to the (aid United ? Company, or for any Extortion or other Mifdemeanor, it should f not be lawful for the said United Company, in any case whatever, f to release or compound such Sentence or Judgment, or to re (lore 4 any Servant pr Servants of the said Company who should have been 4 removed or dismissed from hi* or their Office or Employment, for or I on account of Mifbehaviour, by the Sentence of any of the said 4 Courts : And whereas Dbubts have arisen whether Military Officers

*	may be restored to the Service of the said United Company, who

; 1 may have been removed therefrom by Sentences of Court* Martial

AiDii Si i*

/

ji* geo. in;

C. 75,76.

ficil therefore traded and declared. That it was and it lawful for the Court of Directors of the (aid United Company, to restore to the Service of the said Company any Military Officer who shall have been or shall be dismissed or Impended therefrom by the Sentence of a Court Martial.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, no fnch Reft oration shall be in any ways valid or effectual without the Approbation and Confent of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, for that Pnrpofe' had and obtained.

• VI. And whereas by an Aft, parted in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS for regu• lating the manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies,/ball hire and take uf Ships for their Regular Service, it is enacted, amongst other things, that it (honld be lawful for the Court of Direftors of the said Company, or their Servants abroad, in cases of unforeseen Exigency to hire Ships for any particular Service, and that, in cases of Ships so hired, pubnck Notice should be given by Advertisement of the Ships or Tonnage wanted, and the Service required. Fourteen Days at lead previous to the time appointed for taking up the fame: And whereas in many cases of unforeseen Exigency, it is impracticable or highly inconvenient to comply with the Requifition of the said Adi;* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to nd for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, or their Servants Abroad, in all cases of unforeseen and prerting Exigency i to hire and take up by private Contrail, with or without adverting, any Ship or Ships what foe ver, for any particular Purpose, so as no such Ship ihall be hired or taken up for more than one Voyage; and that the Reafons for taking up any such Ship in less time than Fourteen Days as aforesaid after the Publication of an Advertisement, be dated in the Minutes of the said Court of Directors, and resorted to the Court of Proprietors that shall be next holden after such airing and taking up.

*3*

E. l.C. may restore Mibtary Officer!

with Confent of Boeid of Com-

39 G. 3. C.S9.

*6.

Company ia cases of unfore-feen Exigency miy take up Ships by private Coairad.

CAP. LXXVL An Act for letting to farm the Duties on Horfes hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in trayelling, and on Horfes aired for a less Period of Time than Twenty eight Days, for drawing Carriages used in travelling Poft or otherwise, in Great Britain \ and for facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties.	[15th	June	1811.J

*	TXrHEREAS by an Aft parted in the Twenty seventh Year of a? G.3. c.s& 1 W His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An AS to enable the

4 Lord High Treafurcr or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time 4 being, to let to farm the Duties granted by an AS made in the Twenty 4 fftb Tfar of His present Majcjly's Reign, on Horfes let to hire for 4 travelling Pojl, and by time, to such Perjons as should be willing to 4 contraB for the fame ; the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners 1 of the Treasury were empowered to let to farm the several Duties

•	on Horfes let to hire, therein particularly fet forth, and mentioned 4 to have been granted by the said Aft of the Twenty fifth Year of 1 His M*j*ftyV Reign, for any Term not exceeding Three Years,

Q 4	4 under

5! GEO. IIJ.

AJXiSit.

*3*

C*

*	under cevtafi Regufetions and ReftFtdioifs pxprrffed and contained 4 in the laid A<^ of the Twenty fetentb Yfepr of His Many’s

44G.5. c.98.	< Reign t And whereas by an Ad patted in the Forty fourth Year

*	pf His Majcfty’s Reign, intituled. Am A3 to repeal the Jcvnd 4 Duties under the Commrffioners for managing the Duties up** JUmprd 1 Vdlum, Parchment and Paper in Great Britain, and in grant *r»

*	and additional Duties in lieu thereof the several Duties granted by $ v. * the (aid Ad of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty’a Rejigs, 00

« Harfes let to hire as therein mentioned, and extended in certain 4% G. 3. c. xoo. * cases, bv an Ad passed in the Forty second Year of His

$ J*	? Reign, for enlarging the time for which Hprfe* might be let tq hire

4 without being fulled to any Annual * Duty, and other Pwpofos, 44 G. 3. c. 98.	*	were repealed ; and in lieu thereof it was enacted, that, fjrom aad

5ch,B*	i after the Tenth Day of Odobcr One tl.qufead eight hundred asd

*■ four, there should be raised, levied, coheded and paid no to His 4 Majessy, his Heirs and Succeffors, the several Duties following 1 i that is to fey. For and in respect of every Horse, Mare or Gelding 4 hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in tsnveUiog ip Great

*	Britain, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Afile such 4 Horse, Mara or Gelding should be hired to travel j audforwdm 4 respect of every Horse, Mare pr Gelding hired for a lose Period of 4 Time than Twenty eight successive Day a, for drawing op uy 1 publick Road any Coach or other Carriage pied in trawlliug

, .	* Poft or otherwise, if the Diftanpe at the Time of hiring should be

*	afoertained, the Spm of One Penny Halfpenny for eyeay Mflefech 4 Horle, Mare or Gelding should be hired to travel; and for aud io 4 respect of every Horse, Mare or Gelding Tq hired a* fest above 4 mentioned, in any case where the Dutance should not at the Time 4 of hiring be afeertained. the Sum of One Shilling and Nine Peace

*	for each Day for which such Horse, Mare or Gelding should be 4 so hired, with an Exception pf Horfes, Mares and Griding* used 4 in Ifefnfed Hackney Coaches, where the feme should be employed f to go no great?1* Diftan<?e than Ten Miles from the City of Lendt* 4 or Weflminfer, or the Suburbs thereof: Which feid fevefal Duties 4 are now secured, raised, levied and collected by and under the Pit.

*	vifions and Regulations of the fa id Ads of the Twenty fifth and 4 Forty second Years of His Majesty’s Reign, relating to the fiud 4 Duties so repealed as aforefeid; and by and under the Provifion*

48 G. 3. c. 98,	• and Regulations of another Ad patted m the Forty eighth Year of

.* Hia Majefty’a Reign, intituled. An A& for letting to farm the Defies 4 on. Honfts hired by. the Mile or Stage, to be ufid in trayelling; ami 1 on Jforfte hired for a Itfs Period ofTtm than Twenty eight Dajh 4 for drawing Carriages used in travelling Pofi or otherwise 14 Gant 4 Britain» aa4 for kd*ir fieuxieg the hid Duties s And whew* the 4 feid Dvtfea granted by the feid Ad of the Forty fourth Yew oC

*	ijia Majpfty^a Reign, iu respect of Horfes, Mares and Gtldiiga 4 hired in the Manner aforefejd, are now let to ferm under the Autht*

*	lity qf the feid Ad passed in the Forty eighth Year of Hia 4 Mapfty’s Reign, for a Term of Years which will expire on the 4 Thirty first Day of janyon Qnq thoofend right hundred and

*	twelve 1 and it is expedient tnat the feid Duties should be let to ** fetm foe a further Term, and that further Provifipn should fie

4 for facilitating the Recovery thereof j* May it thjyefem .ptofe %our Majetty tfi*t it njay ^ Wfted* *f4 R epaifesd by the.



SV GEO. IB

C7&	3]}

35^1 Mat Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advitie ttadCoo-fait of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this jwfest Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That, from and after the passing of this A#, it (haU be lawful for the Tiedbnrmy CommifBooers of the Trcafury, or any Three or more of tnem for sudjarife Cow-the time beiog, and they are hereby empowered from time to time	t°*

as it shall be necefiary, either by themselves or by His Majefty's Coasmiffioocrs for managing the Sump Duties, or fomc of them, to Poft Hcxfe*<* be-authorized for that Purpofe under the Hands of the Comariffiooers 44 C.3.09X. of the Treafary, or any Three or more of them for the time bcu>&, to let to farm the said several Duties granted by the said Ad of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for and in refpe# of Horfoe, Mares and Geldings hired in the manner afbmfiud, to fuck Perion or Perfooa as (halt be	to farm the some after the Ex*

pirarion of the present Leafes , in fueh separate and particular

Diftiidi aa (haU be deemed proper aad convenient, and under and

fubje# to the Regulations and Rnftrifiions contained ia the (aid Ad

af the Twenty seventh Year of His Msjeftly’s Reign, with regard

to the Duties thereby authorized to be let to farm, so far as the lame

are applicable and not hereby altered 9 Provided always, that none of Contmumce of

the bid Duties (haU be let to form for any longer Term or Time than Tern.

until the Thirty first Day of January reclaim, which will be ia the

Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

II. And be it further eroded. That all the Powers, Provisions, *7 Claufa, Regulations and Directions contained ir« and preforibed by,n f°rce J? r*~

the said Ad of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty’s Reign, w Ewwf**

shall be droned and taken to be in full Force aad Effect with respect to the said Duties hereby allowed to be let to farm, and to the letting of the Came, and to the Farmers thereof, and to all other Fcrfona,

Matters and Things relating thereto, as far as the fame are or shall be applicable, and not altered by or repugnant to the expirfs Prori*

(ions of this Ad, as fully and effc&ualiy as if the some bad been herein repeated and specially eoacted, with reference to the (aid Duties hereby allowed to be formed.

• III. A»d bo it further eroded, That R shall be lawful for the said D ’Hit on Commiffiosters of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Commtffionerg of the Stamp Duties authorized as aforesaid.

So preferifee the time .for making a Depofit of a Sum of Money, aad the Amount thereof, on account of the Rent to be paid by the Per-fon or Perfona who shall contra# to form any of the said Duties hereby allowed to be fanned; and in case such Perfon or Perfoac focal4 foil to make such Depofit within the time prescribed, or shall fail to execute a proper Contra# ia Writing, and to give Security for the dup Performance of such Contra#, in the manner dvrc&ed by the said A# of the Twenty seventh Year of HiaMajefty’a Reign,

Within the time tq be appointed for that Purpose, then and in every fooh qafo it shall be- lawful for the said CosMsiffiewrs of the Tien, fay, or any Three or mere of them, or the foid Cbnuniflwnere of ike Stamp Duties authorized as aforesaid, to declare the Contra# void, *nd to uftufa the Dutie&compriftd ro fitch Contra# to he-again

Eup to be let to form pursuant to the Directions of this and the A# of the Twenty seventh Year of His Mqeny’s Reign* and so from time to timoro oftc* fash Ftifore f**U be made. . . .

IV. Arid

A.D.iSii.

234

I17 Default of Fo ment of Du« ce* Collector may fiiliaiu.

maid*.

In Artiom for

Rcro'.crv rf Du* ties, n it Proofs accclfcry.

C.76.	p° GEO.-III.

- IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, where any Perfon or Periods liable to account for and pay any Doty or Duties granted by the laid Ad of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for and in respect of any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares pr Geldings by him, her or them let to hire as afore-said, shall refuse or neglect to account for and pay the fame according to the Diredions of the said hereinbefore mentioned Ads, or any of them, to the Collector appointed to receive such Doties for the CTounty, Diftrid or Place where he, (he or they shall have let to hire such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, and such Duty or Duties shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, it shall be lawful for such Collector, first obtaining a Warrant for that Purpose, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One ormore of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where any such letting to hire shall have been made, (which Juftice or Jutlices, on Complaint made to him or them, shall summon the Party complained of, and the WitnefFes on either Side, and examine into the Matter of F3d, and shall grant such Warrant on d(ie Proof being made of xhe Sum due and owing for such Duty or Duties as aforesaid, by the voluntary Confcffion of the Party, or bv the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes) to distrain such Perfon or Perfons by his, her or their Goods and Chattels for the Amount of such Duty or Duties $ and the Diftrefs so to be taken to detain and keep for the Space of Four Days, at the Cods and Charges of such Pmon or Perfons ; and if he, (he or they shall not within that time pay the Amount of such Duty or Duties, with the Cofts and Charges of taking and keeping (uch Distress, then the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall be fold by such Coile&or, who shall vender the Oveiplus of the Money arising by the Sale thereof, if any shall remain after deducting and retaining the Amount of such Duty or Duties, and the Cofts and Charges of taking, keeping and felling such Distress, to the Perfon or Perions so to be distrained as aforesaid; and it shall also be lawful for such Collector, for the Purpofe of taking fnch Distress, to break open in the Day-time any House or Place where any Goods or Chattels of such Perfon or Perfons shall be, being thereunto authorized by such Warrant as aforesaid, and calling to his Afiiftance a Conftabte, Tythingman or Headborough of the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town or Place where any Refufal or Refiftance shall be made, which said Officers are hereby required to aid and assist therein.	'

V.	be it further ena&cd, That, from and after the passing of this Ad, it shall not be necessary upon the Trial or Hearing of any Adion, Suit or Prosecution already commeneed, or hereafter to be commeneed, for the Recovery of any of the said Duties on Horfes, Mares and Geldings hired in the manner aforesaid, which lire or shall be let to farm in pursuance of the said Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, or of this Ad, or for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties imposed by the said hereinbefore mentioned Ads, or any of them, in any wife relating to the said Duties, to produce the Inftrument whereby the Commissioners for managing die Stamp Duties, or any of them, were or shall be authorized by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Trenfury, to let to farm the •l	faid

A*D.i8ii.

5i# GEO. III.	C. 7<S, 77.'	23J

bad Duties on Horfes, Mares and Geldings, or any of them, or to produce the Commifiion whereby the said Commifiioners for managing	,

the Stamp Duties were constituted and appointed such Commifiioners; or to prove the Execution of any Contra# or Agreement whereby any of the said Duties on Korsea, Mares and Geldings’ are or shall he let to farm, or of any Afiignment of any such Contra# or Agreement, or of any Commifiion, Deputation or other Authority, whereby any Perfon or Perfons is, are or shall be appointed a Colle#or or Collectors of any of the fame Duties by the said Commifiioners for managing the StampDuties, or any of them: Provided always, that such Contra#, Agreement, Afiignment, Commifiion, Deputation or Authority shall be produced on-the Trial or Hearing of such A#ion,’

Suit or Profecution, and it Ihall be made appear that the Perfon or Perfons claiming under such Contra#, Agreement, Afiignment,

Commifiion, Deputation or Authority, had in fa# a#ed as the Parmer or Farmers, Colle#or or Colie#ors of the Duties therein mentioned and described, or some of them ; and that in every such case such Proof shall be deemed and taken by the Judges or Justices before whom any such Trial or Hearing shall be had, to be good and legal Evidence of such Perfon or Perfons being the Farmer or Farmers, CoUe#or or Colle#ors of the Duties mentioned and described in such Contra#, Agreement, Afiignment, Commifiion, Deputation or Authority, unless by other Evidence the contrary shall be made to appear; any Law or Ufage to the contrary thereof not withstanding.

Vi. And be it further ena#ed, That this A# may be repealed, Aft repeals*, altered ior amended by any A# or A#s to be passed in the present *<■*•

Seffion of Parliament.

C A P, LXXVIL An A# to amend the Laws for regulating the EledHon in 7rr-landy of Members to serve in Parliament.

[15th June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an A# made in the Forty fifth Year of His

present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 for amending an 45 0*3* c. 5f.

4 A3 passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty fifth Tear of 4 Hit present Majesty, for regulating the ElcSion of Members to serve * in Parliament, sofar at relates to Freeholds under the Value ofTwenty 4 Pounds, and for making further and other Regulations relating thereto,

‘ it is, among other things, ena#ed. That every Perfon'who shall It*

1 register a Freehold under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, not 4 anting from a Rent Charge, shall register the fame Twelve Months 4 previous to the Tfie of the Writ for holding the Ele#ion at which 4 be shall tender his Vote in Manner and Form required by the said * A#, and for that Purpofe he shall produce in open Court at a 4 Seffion of the Peace,* the Deed, Leafe or Inftrument under which 4 his Freehold arises, and take and subscribe the Oath, or if a Quaker,

4. the Affirmation in Form preferihed in the (aid A#: And whereas 4 Doubts have arisen as to the Words to be used in certain Parts of 4 such Oath or Affirmation respectively ;* For the obviating of all (uch Doubts, be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Oath or Affirmation In what cafe

which Oaths frijpcdinj

AJ&jgiu

n*

Rcgiftryof Free-boMi declared nM.

Months deemed Calendar .

Mdnths.

Papifts taking ‘ Oath», ftc. under

xjfc 146.3.

u- ■

330.3. (i.) c. ii. entitled to vote a. under

V 0.3. (I.) *.47.

Returning Officer to appoint Perfoiu to ad-tniniftei Oaths, *c. ...	.

C*77»	fi*	GEQ. Itt

which shall hare been made at ajif time , before Ithe paffiag oCthit Aft, or which fiiali be made at any time after the paling of tht* J\ft» for the Purpofe of registering his Freehold ao alore&id, AmH be and the fame is hereby declared to be good* valid* fuffioiciit and yffe&ual £q Law, if the Party making such Oath or Affirmation flak have Hated or Hull Hate in Rich Oath or Affirmation, that his Freehold arises either by virtue of a Deed, or by virtue of a JLeaCr, or by virtue of an Inilrument produced by him, or by virtue of a Deed* Lcafe or Inffrument produced by him, whether all or any or either of the (aid Terms, Deed, Leafe or Infir ament are iifed in such Oath or Affirmation ; and that every such Oath or Affirmation, fball be good* yalid, sufficient and effectual io Law, in which either the whole Yearly Rent or the Yearly Rent per Acre, or such Yearly Rent per ^kcre, together with the Number of Acres, shall be Hated ; and whether the Amount of Receivers’ Fees a ad Duties is or k not ia-eludediio the fpeciiied Amount of such Rent, cur whether the Subs have been or shall be fet forth in Figures or in Words at length ; and that every such Oath or Affirmation shall be good* valid, sufficient and tffeftuai in Law, in which the aftuai Occupation of such Freehold shall be Hated to be either by redding thereon, or by tilliaj; or by grazing, or by tilling or grazing,, or by both tilkng and grazmgv or by all or aayr or either of the Hud means, whether Hated copnkhrrely qr diejunftively.

* 11. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether by the said recited 1 Term of Twelve Months is meant Calendar or Lunar Months fie it declared and enqsted,* That the bid Term of Twelve Months shall be deemed and taken to mean Twelve Calendar Months. ■? *

III.	And be it further enacted, That any Papifl or Perfon pro-feffing the Roman Catholic Religion, whe> at any time before the pa fling, of this Aft ihali have taken and fubferibed, or who after the palfirtg of this Aft shall take and subscribe, at any time previous, to his offering to poll at any Eteftion, the Oaths and Declarations contained in an Aft palled in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Mis present MajtAy’s Reign, intituled, An A&io enable Hh Majefi'l Stihyedt of whatever PerfaqAoa^. to tepefy1 them AHegimce As him, and alfoau Aft pafied in the Thirty third Year of His present Msjefiy’f Reign, intituled. An AS for tho Relief of His Majtfifs Popfk or Roman Catholk Subject in Ireland*. in fane One of An Ma)e%*$ Four Courts in the City Qf&nilitHOrat airy Affiaea, or at a General Seftons of the Peace or at any Adjournment thereof, or at any Ad' journment of an Adjournment thereof to be hodden for any Coaoty, City er Town where** such Papift or Perfiuv pnafeffing the Ream! Catholic Refigioa, dtath car ffiaU> inhabit or dwell, in open Court,, or at .aay FUeftkm, bit manner hecetu provided* ball be entitled so vote at £nch Lleftaoa in like mananc as if he had! taken and! fisbftnhed fiwhOatb aad Xkclsrntiou in manner and at the time, required hyatf Aft* made in; the Parliament of JitslandvLtbc' Thirty breath Year of ifio pre/tnt Majefiy’s Reign*, intituled* Am A& for thofmbet Regulation. of the EJrSion of Members to forme in Parliament.

J IV. Arad, is osder that; any Perfon defimua of takiag and fub* jcribmg fade Oaths add Declarations, at any Elcftidn.may have aa Opportunity, of fa doi*g, be it ooacted, That, front' and after the passing of thin; Aft*.whenn Poll (haUbetkmandcd.at any EMiwofa Mtanfaecut Member* to fayziA JP^sfiasaeat. fen apy. Cnnoty,. €ii ‘	Town

AJJ^Ii L

51* GfiO. in..	C.	77}

1*0*6 or *Berowgh *fo Trttatnf, the Returning Officer or (Officers at' any such dBle&iotf, after such Pott shall be demanded, ffiaftl, at the Interne* «bdft«qw?ft of any Candidate x>r Candidates at such Eleftton,

Under 4km or their Hand dr Hands immediately after such Request, and before be or they shall proceed further in taking the Poll, retain," nominate and appoint Two or more Juflikes of the Peace (as the case may require) to admittifter the Oatha and Declarations required in and by the laid hereinbefore recited A6H, in feme convenient Part <rf the Court or Place where such Eledion shall be carrying on, (b as not to interrupt the Poll; and the Clerk of the Peace, or a De- Clerk of the puty by him appointed by Writing under his Hand for that Pur- Peace to ghe pose, mil attend such Per ions during the Adaimift ration of such p*^,ficat*J0. Oatlis and Declarations, and shall give to every Perfon so taking and fobfcrtbtng such Oaths and Decorations a Certificate thereof, in manner required by the said recited Ads; and the Perfons to be appointed at afortfaid shall have full Power, and they are hereby authorized and required to adminiiler all and every such Oaths and Declarations to every Perfon desirous of taking atid fubferibing the fame; and every such Perfon so appointed as aforesaid,, shall immediately after such Appointment and before he shall take upon him to ad under such Appointment, take the following Oath; that it to fay,

*	T	do swear, That I will faithfully and Oath by Perfoas

*	impartially administer the Oaths and Declarations now required ^™>nifterii»f 4 to be taken and fubferibed by Papifts or PerfonB profcffing the 0*lhg’

4 Roman Catholic Religion, by an Att passed in the Thirteenth 4 Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad to enable 13 & 14 G. 3.

4 Hh Majefly's Subieds, of whatever Perfuajjon, to testify their Atte- 00 c* 35*

*	fiance to hhn ; and also another A6t, palled in the Thirty third Year

« of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for the ReRef 3$ G.3. fl.) i of tils Majejly's Popifb or Roman Catholic Subjeds in Ireland,'	T

And every Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy lb appointed for the Purpofe as aforesaid, shall at the fame time take the following Oath; that is to fay,

4 T	do swear. That I will, on beiug thereunto Oath by th*

4 requeued, fairly and truly give to every Perfon who shall now Clew of thy

*	take and subscribe the Oat ns and Declarations required by Law 4 to be taken hy Perfons professing the Roman Catholic Religion,

4 in order to entitle them to vote at any Ele&ion, before the Com-

4* miffiouers appointed by the returning Officer for that Puqpose, a	^

*.Certificate thereof as required by Law; and that 1 will not give 4 acur such Certificate to any Perfon before he shall have taken and 4 {uofcribed fueh Oaths and Declarations as shall be mentioned im	*	*

4 such Certificate, before me and so my Prefence.’

Which Oath, to be taken by the federal Perfons respectively so to he appointed, the Returning Officer or Officers, or any of them, so and are bnroby authorised and required to administer. •

4 V. And whereas by the said recited A6t of the Thirty third 33 °* 3 GO 4 . Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, it is enacted, That the Names „ %t' *	'*

4 of.fnchPerfons .who.shall so. take and subscribe the laid Oaths and t/^nrfm|l ^

*	Declarations, with their Titles and Additions, shall be entered office of Roll*

A.D.i8if.

•23I

C77.

51* GEO. III.

Officer to enter in a Book Names, Sec. of Perfons contained in such Rolls. .

In wfiat case new Certificate allowed.

Officer of Cotfrt Begirding to transmit Rolls or make out Lifts, Me.

Penalty.

• in the Rolls Office in the City of Dublin, to remain amongst the •. Records thereof :* Be it therefore enacted, That the Officer of the Court where fttcb Oaths and Declarations shall have been taken and fubferibed, shall, on or before the First Day of January One thoufaod eight hundred and twelve, transmit to the (aid Office of the Rolls all such Rolls as shall not have been duly transmitted before the. raffing of this A&; and that such Officer shall also, within Fourteen Days after the First Day of January in each and every subsequent Year, transmit to the said Office of the. Rolls, all Rolls containing the Names, Titles and Additions of all Perfons who shall have taken and fubferibed such Oaths and Declarations, which shall remain in the Office of such Court previous to such First Day of January in each Year. .

.VI. And be it further enacted, That such Officer shall, previous to his transmitting such Rolls as aforesaid to the Rolls Office, justly and truly enter in a Book, in alphabetical Order, the Names, Refi-dence and Additions of all Perfons whole Names shall be entered in such Rolls, and such Book fiiall be open to the Infpe&ion of any Perfon requiring to fee the fame, on paying to such Officer a Fee of Two Shillings and Six Pence; and in case any Perfon who shall have taken and fubferibed, or who shall hereafter take and subscribe such Oaths and Declarations in such Court, shall, at any time aftqr the passing of this A&, be desirous of obtaining a Certificate thereof, and shall demand the fame from such Officer; and if upon Reference to. such Book, it shall appear that the Name with the Refidence of such. Perfon is contained therein, and that such Perfon so demanding a. Certificate shall verify on Oath that he actually did at any former time take and subscribe such Oaths and Declarations in such Court,. then such Officer shall on Demand give to such Perfon a Certificate thereof in manner required by the said recited A&.

* VII. And be it further enacted, That if the Vote of any Perfon to whom such Certificate shall be given (lull be refused on account of the Invalidity of any such Certificate, as not being in the Form required by Law, it shall and may be lawful for such Perfon or Perfons to demand from the Clerk of the Peace, his Deputy or other iroper Officer, a new and sufficient Certificate in the Form required y Law, on paying to such Officer a Fee of One Shilling ; and such Perfon shall be permitted to poll (if in all other Refpe&s duly qualified) upon producing such new Certificate, notwithstanding such former Refufal:

VIII. And be it further enacted. That every such Officer of* Court who shall neglect or omit to transmit in manner and within the time required as aforesaid, the said Rolls to the Rolls Office, or who shall refuse or negle6t to'make such Alphabetical Lifts, or who shall omit from such Alphabetical Lift the Name of any Perfon entered on such Rolls and entitled to any such Certificate as aforesaid, or who shall insert in.such Alphabetical Lift the Name of any Perfon not so entered and entitled, or who shall refuse or neglect to give any Certificate herein required to be given, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or* Information, in any of His Majefty's Courts of Recordia Dublin.

e

CAP.

A.D.iSu.

51® GEO. IIL

C7*.



CAP. LXXVIII.

An Aft to make Provifion in certain Cafes for the Wives and Families of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Privates, serving in the Militia of Ireland.	[15 th June 1811.J	*

*	"1TTHEREAS it is expedient to make some Provifion in the

*	VV cases hereinafter mentioned, for the Families of Serjeants,

*	Corporals, Drummers and Privates, serving in the Militia of Ireland*

*	when called out into actual Service, and the Laws at pfefent in 4 force are insufficient for that Purpofe Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That, from and after the Commencement of this Aft, an Act made

in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled. An A8 to 49 C.3. c.S4. make Provtfton in certain Cafes for the Wives and Families of hallotted rcPca^C4^

Men, Subfitutes and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland, shall (land and be repealed, save so far as the fame repeals any former Aft of Parliament, or any Clause, Matter or Thing therein ; and also save as to the Payment and Allowance of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have become due before the Commencement of this A€t* under or by virtue of the said Aft, and the obtaining of the propefr and neceflaty Voucher for receiving or vouching any such Payment; and also save as to any Offence which shall or may before that time have been committed against the said Aft, and any Proceedings to he taken for the Punillvment of the Offender or Offenders, or thp recovering or levying any Penalty for or by reason of any such Offence.	.	■	x

II. And*be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day Mllitu Men de* of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, whenever the Militia f*rous «>f oi*aio-of any County, City or Place in Ireland* is or shall be embodied and n*5 Rcl-effor called out into actual Service, and any Man serving o* enrolled therein ^	**

as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall have a Family less able in lowing consequence of his Abfence to support themselves, and shall be de* firous of obtaining for such Family any Allowance payable to them under the.Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions in this A6t expressed and contained, such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private, shall make and subscribe before the Commanding Officer of the Regiment,

Battalion or Corps, for the time being, to which he shall belong, a Declaration in Writing in the Form following; that is to fay,

1 T A. B. of the	Regiment of Militia, do declare. Declaration *

1 That I am a married Man for, a Widower, as the case may be"]*

1 and that I have One Child, [or,	Children,]	born	in

*	Wedlock, under the Age of Ten Years, whose Name or Names

*	and Age or Ages refpeftivrly, is or are as follows; that is to fay,

*	[the Name* and Ages] ; and that my Wife [or, my said Child or ‘ Children, or, my Wife and my said Child or Children as the case 4 may be]* resides [or, rciide] at [here insert the County, and the 1 Barony* and the Parifb or Townland, or the City or Town* and

Strut or Place* as the case may require, in which such Family shall 1 refide], and that my said Child or Children, [or, Wife and Child or Children,, as the case may be] by reason of my Abfence is [or, are]

1 less able to procure ^leceflary Support, and that I was married to

« my

14*

CbTronan^fiig Officer to sign Certificate*

I

Declaration and Certificate to be tttertad by Adjutant, tc.

Rate* of Allow ancea to Families.

€. 7#.	A*Hi8iK

c my said Wife [or, if no Wife living to the Mother of the laid

*	Children], at	on	the-	Day of

0 is the Y<far '

. III. And be lt further enacted, That, the Commanding Officer before whom such Declaration shall be made, shall at the Foot of the said Declaration give and sign a Certificate in Writing in the Form following ;

*	T C. D. Colonel, [or, Commanding Officer, as the safe may be~\ of

*	the	Militia,	do hereby certify,

fi That A, B. a Seijeant, [Corporal, Dniramer or Private, baliotted f Man, Subflitute or Volunteer, as the case may he2 in the said Militia,

0 was called out into actual Service, and did on the	Day	of

0	march	from,	and is now absent on Service from the faid

0 [County, Town, City or Place, as the case may be]* and that he 0 hath in my Prefence made a Declaration that his Family ivfidee 0 at	, and consists of	,	and	that by his Abfieooo

0 they are rendered less able to support tbemselyes: And I do car-4 tify, That the said A. B* never deserted from the said Militia* and 4 that the said A. B. was enrolled on the	Day	of	f

0 and that the said A. B. was married after his Enrolment with the 0 Confent of his Commanding Officer according to Law, [or, before

*	his Enrolment, as the case may be.*]

IV.	And be it further enacted, That every such Declaration and Certificate shall be attested and countersigned by the Adjutant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, to which the Militia Man making such Declaration shall belong ; and such Adjutant shall carefully keep and preserve all such Declarations and Certificates, and shall also keep a Book or Regiiter containing the Names of all the Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Privates in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall have made such Declaration, alphabetically arranged ; and shall from such Declarations and Certificates (o delivered to him, enter in such Book opposite to the Name of each Man, whether he is married or a Widower, and hath any and what Child or Children, with the Date of such Declaration, and the Name or Names and Age or Ages of such Child or Children respectively, at the time of making such Declaration, and the Refidence of such Wife, Child or Cbildreu, as Rated in such Declaration#

V.	And be it further enacted, That whenever fueh Declaration

and Certificate shall have been made in the Manner and Form hereinbefore contained and fet forth, then and in such case the Family of every such Militia Man who shall have made such Declaration, [the Requifites hereinafter mentioned being firil duly performed) (haltbe entitled to and shall receive during his Abfencc on actual Service the Monthly Allowances here following; that! is to (ay, after the Rate of Four Briti/h Shillings ia every Calendar Month for every Child boro in Wedlock, and tinder the Age of Ten Years, not exceeding the Numbers hereinafter mentioned respectively; and of Eight Brityh, Shillings m every Calendar Month for the Wife of such Man if he shall be a balloted Man, and Four British Shillings m every Calendar Month for the Wife of any such Man who (ha5 not be * baliotted Man ; the said Allowance to the Wife in either of the said CafeB to be paid whether such Man shall or shall not have any Child or Children, provided (he d?es not follow the Regiment, .	>	•

;	VI.	Prw-

A.D.181 i.	510	GEO. III.	C.78.	241

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Wile of any Limitation as to Militia Man so called out on a&usi Service shall not be entitled to Children, the aforesaid Allowance for each Child for more than Two Children; and iu case there shall be no Wife of such Militia Man living, the Allowance to the Children of such Militia Man shall not extend to more than Four Children in the whole.

VII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Allow- StMiture*’ Fa-, ance under this Adi shall be given or ordered to be given to the t7cd Family of any Man who shall be enrolled at any time after the palling *7Ce*.°	°

of this Adt in the said Militia of Ireland as a Subflitute, hired Man or Volunteer; and that all such Allowances shall, from and after the palling of this Adi, be confined to the Families of such ballotted Men, Sub(lituLe8 and Volunteers, as are now serving in the Militia of Ireland, and to the Families of such ballotted Men only as shall hereafter be enrolled in the said Militia.

VIII.	Provided also, and be it further cnadled. That no Allowance Further Reftris-under this Adi shall be given or ordered to be given to the Family of afi 10

any Subftitute or Volunteer who shall be married at the time or the lowances* pafiing of this Adt, and who hath married while in actual Service, and after the palling of an Adi made in the Forty third Year of His Majefty’a Reign, intituled. An A3 to make Provtfion in certain Cafes 43 G. 3. c. 141. for the Wives and Families of ballotted Men% Subjlitutes and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland ; nor to the Family of any Man now hi the Militia of Ireland, who shall marry at any time after the palling of this Adi; nor to the Family of any ballotted Man who shall hereafter be enrolled in the said Militia of Ireland, and shall marry after Inch Enrolment, unless every such Marriage respectively shall have taken place, or shall take place, with the Confent of the Colonel or Commanding Officer, being a Field Officer, of the Regiment, Bat-, tahon or Corps to which such Man shall belong; and that such Con-Tent shall have been certified under the Hand of such Colonel or other Commanding Officer, being a Field Officer; and no Certificate as required by this Adi shall be granted by any such Commanding Officer, for the Purpofe of entitling the Family of any Militia Man to any Allowance under this Adi, m cases where such Militia Man shall have so married while on actual Service, without such Confent first had and obtained as aforesaid.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for Ju*tice*to en-the nearest resident Juftice of the Peace acting in and for the Barony *nto

or Half Barony, City, Town or Place, in which the said Family shall reside, on the Produdlion of such Certificate, to enonire into r;a Man,and in-the Circumdances of the Family of the Militia Man to whom such dorfc Opiniou on Certificate shall have been granted, and whether they reside in the Cuiilicate. Pari(h or Place mentioned in the Declaration of such Militia Man, on the Oath of the Wife of such Militia Man, if there shall be One, and if not, then of such Perfon above the Age of Eighteen, with whom such Child or Children shall reside, and of such other Perfon or Perform as such Juftice of the Peace shall think proper to examine thereupon ; and if on Enquiry such Juftice of the Pfeace shall find that such Family do so reside, and if such Juftice shall be of Opinion that such Family is less able to support itself in consequence of the Abfence of such Militia Man, he (hail indorse such his Opinion in Writing under his Hand, on the Back of the said Certificate, with 51G10.HI.	R •	the



242

C.7*.

ji° GEO. in.

AD.iSu.

Order for Pay-

Every Three Mouths Jufl ices to make fresh Enquiry into Circumdances of Militia Man's Family, and certify Opinion.

Abftra&s of Orders for Relief sent by Barcnial Collector to Collet or of Ex-cife, who shall keep them as ’ Vouchers.

the Date of the Month and Year, and shall subjoin thereto an Order

in the Form following; that is to fay,

T C. D. do hereby certify, That I hare made Enquiry on the Oath x or Oaths of	,	and that I

am satisfied that the Family of A. B. within mentioned tefides at the Place, and coiififts of the Perfons within dated ; and that I am a Juftice of the Peace of the County or Diftridt of

,’within which the said Family so resides, and that there is not to my Knowledge any other Juftice of the Peace for the laid County or Diftrift redding nearer to the said Family: I do thereupon hereby order that the Sums allowed by Law in such case be paid to the said Family; that is to fay, the Sum of on the Twenty fourth Day of each Month, or as soon after as the fame shall be demanded, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the said Day.*

And such Certificate, with the Opinion and Order of such Juftice thereon, shall be forthwith deposited by the Perfon or Perfons seeking Benefit thereby, or some of them, or some Perfon or Perfons on their, his or her Behalf, with the Collector of the Public Cefs in such Barony or Half Barony, or the Treasurer of such City or Town.

X.	And be it further enacted. That at the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Date of any such Order of such Juftice, Application shall be made by such Baronial CoUc&or or Treasurer, to the Jullice who shall have made such Order, or to such other Juftice of the Peace acting in and for such Barony or Half Barony, City or Town, who shall reside nearest to the then Place of Refidence ot such Family, and on Production of the original Certificate aforesaid, and of the Order so first made thereou, it shall be lawful for such Juftice to make a frefii Enquiry on Oath in manner aforesaid, into the Circumftances of such Family; and if such Circumstances are not altered, such Juftice shall on the Back of such original Certificate, and at the Foot of such first Order, sign his Name in Affirmance and Renewal of the fame, with the Date of the Month and Year ; or if it shall be made appear to such Juftice that the Circumftances of such Family are any way altered, such Juftice shall make a new Order for such Allowance as aforesaid, specifying the Names and Ages of each Perfon of such Family entitled to the fame at the time of such Order, and so after the Expiration of every Three Calendar Months a like Enquiry and Order shall from time to time be made, and renewed or altered by such Juftice of such Barony or Half Barony, City^or Town, as shall be resident nearest to the Place of Refidence of such Family, so long as any such Allowance shall be claimed on Behalf of such Family.

XL And be it further enacted, That every such Baronial Collector or Treasurer shall from time to time within Three Days after any such Order or Orders shall be made by such Juftice, prepare and sign an Abftraft of every such Order, and shall forthwith deliver or fend such Abilraft duly dated by him, to the Collector of His Majesty’s Excife for the Diftrift in which the Barony, Half Barony, City or Town shall be situate, together with such Certificate and the Order thereupon ; and such Colledtor of Excifc having compared such AbftraS with such Order (hall! if the fame shall agree therewith* 9	coufiterfiga

A.D.i8ir>

*43

51° geo. in,	c.	78-.

counterfign such Order, and shall forthwith restore the fame to such Baronial Colleftor or Treasurer, or to the Ptrfon by whom the fame was sent, and shall then countersign and file such Abftract, ahd shall keep the fame as a Voucher for his future Payments in manner hereinafter mentioned.

XII.	And be it farther enacted, That every such Baronial Collector or Treasurer on obtaining any such Order countcrligned by such Colleftor of Excife, shall from time to time pay the several Allowances mentioned in such Order to such Family, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Date of such Order, except in the cases hereinafter mentioned.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That the Allowances under and by virtue of this Aft shall be claimed and paid Monthly on the Twenty fourth Day of every Month, or on such subsequent Day as the fame shall be duly demanded, being not more than Fourteen Days after such Twenty fourth Day of each Month 5 and that the first Allowances under this Aft shall become due on the Twenty fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven ; and that no Wife of any such Militia Man, nor any other Perfon on behalf of such Wife or of the Family of any such Militia Man, shall be entitled to receive at any one time more than one Month's Allowance to such Wife and Family, under or by virtue of this Aft.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That every such Monthly Allowance to be paid under this Aft by any Baronial Col!e6tor or Treasurer respectively to the Family of any Militia Man, shall be repaid quarterly to such Baronial Collector and Treasurer respectively, by the Colleftor of His Majefty's Excife for the Diftrift in which such Barony, Half Barony, City or Town shall be situate, out of any Public Money in his Hands, upon such Baronial Colleftor or Treasurer respectively producing and delivering to such Colleftor of Excife an Account in Writing verified by his Affidavit, of all Sums fopaid by him, setting forth in alphabetical Order the Names of all Militia Men, to or for whose Families any such Payments shall have been made, with the Date and Amount of each Payment, and to whom made; and the Sums so paid by such Colleftor of Excife shall be allowed to him in his Accounts upon such Colleftor of Excife producing fu^h Accounts so verified, together with the Receipts of such Baronial Colleftor or Treasurer at the Foot thereof respectively, and also the several other Documents by this Aft required to be kept by him.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any time such Baronial Colleftor or Treafurev shall not have in his Hands fofficient Money for Payment of the several Sums so directed to be paid by him as aforesaid, such Baronial Colleftor or Treasurer shall and may and is hereby required from time to time as Occafion shall require, to certify the fame to the Colleftor of Excife for the Diftrift ; and it shall thereupon be lawful for such Colleftor of Excife, and he is hereby authorized and required to remit or pay out of such Public Monies as may be in his Hands to the said Baronial Colleftor or Treasurer respectively, at lead once in every Month if required, a Sum sufficient to satisfy and pay the Monthly Amount of the Sum® which shall then be payable under and by virtue of the several Abftraftst which shall then be in Pofleffion of utch Colleftor of Excife undfcr the Provifions of thir Aft.

-	R	a

Baronial Collector .to pay the Allowance*

Allowances when payable.

Allowances paid by Baronial Colleftor repaid quarterly by Colleftor of fix* cue.

Colleftor of Excife may . make Monthly Payments.

XVI. And.

*44

JJn Payments in Advance*

£.78.

Si* GEO. III.

A.D.iSu.

Abftrtil of Or-<Je*i to be laid before Quarter-S'cffious.

Allowances flopped or lc& foiled according ro C’ircura-fiances.

XVI. Afcd be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful fur any stich Collector of* Excite to pay op remit to any such Baronial Collector or Treasurer any Sum whatsoever, in advance for or towards the Payment of any Allowances under this Ad, until such Collector of Excife shall have received from such Baronial Colledor or Trea* surer one or more Account or Accounts in Writing, ligned ar.d verified by an Affidavit before some Juftice of the Peace by such Baronial Colledor or Treasurer as aforesaid, of the Application of each and every Sum and Sums, if any, previously advanced by such Colledor of Excife to such Baronial Colledor or Treasurer respectively, felting-forth in alphabetical Order the Names of all Militia Men to or for whose Families any such Payments shall have been made by such Baronial Colledor ov Treasurer, together with the Date and Amount of each Payment, and to whom the fame was made \ and no bum advanced by any Colledop of Excife for any of the said Purpofes shall be allowed' him, until such Account so verified of the Application of every former Advance made by him to the fame Perfon, shall be produced and delivered by such Colledor of Excife to the proper Officer or Officers whole Duty it shall be to audit or fettle his Accounts.

- XVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Baronial Colledor shall transmit to the Clerk of the Peace of the County within which the Barony for which he is Colledor shall be iituate, and the Treasurer of any City or Town shall transmit to the Clerk of the Peacfe thereof, Three Days previous to each Quartcr-Seffions, an Ab-ftrad of all Orders which he shall have received as aforesaid, fir.ee the last preceding Quarter-Seflions, to be by the (aid Clerk of the Peace laid before the Juftice* at such Seflions ; and it shall be lawful for the Juftiees there to let a(ide or alter any such Order of any such Juftice as aforesaid, which upon due Enquiry in open Court upon Oath shall appear to have been fraudulently obtained, or not to be warranted by this Ad; and in-any such case iiich J nil ices at such Seflions shall make an Order that such Baronial Colledor or Treasurer shall bring in or cause to be brought in the Order of such Juftice, and deliver the fame to the Clerk of the Peace for such County, City or Town ; and such Collector or Treasurer shall, within Seven Days after the Service of such Order on him, bring in and deliver, orcaufc to be brought in and delivered, the said Order of the said Adlicc accordingly to such Clerk of the Peace, who shall then cancel the said Order, if the fame shall be wholly fet aside, or if the fame shall be altered, he fliaH write under fame a Copy of the Order for altering the fame, and shall in that case restore the fame to such Baronial Colledor or Treasurer, who Hull proceed thereupon, and the fan* (hal{ be counterilgned in the fame manner in all respects as hereiu* before directed, with respect to any such Order as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted. That if such Baronial Colledor or Treasurer respectively have reason to believe, or shall receive Notice frpra the Colledor of Excife of the Diftrid that he has reason to believe that, by the Death of any of the Family of any Militia Man, or by any other Circnmstance, the Allowance to such Family ought to be flopped or lessened in Amount, then and in either of fuen cases it shall be lawful for such Baronial Colledor or Trra-surer, and he is hereby required to flop or leflea such Allowance accordingly, until the Juftice of the Peace reading neareil to the I	.	.	Refactice

f

A.D.1811.	51* GEO. III.	C. 78.

Refidence of such Family as aforesaid shall dircft him otherwise by Writing under his Hand and Seal.

XIX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance shall be ordered or paid under this Aft, to the Wife or Family1 of any Perfon fenring m the Militia for any longer Period than such Perfon shall continue to serve and remain embodied in actual Service, nor in any case while the Wife Sn relpeft of or by whom any such Relief is demanded, shall follow the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in which her Hulband shall serve.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That *very Seijeant, Corporal, Drummer and Private, to whom such Certificate shall have been given, shall on or after the First and before the Sixth Day of evci•j Month, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Adjutant of his Regiment, or to the Perfon acting as such, a Return or Account in Writing, fubferibed by himself, either with his Name or Mark, and dating whether since the obtaining such Certificate or (ince his last Return any, and if any, then how many, and which of his Family, and of what Names and Ages respectively, have or hath died, or have or hath received or become entitled to any and what Maintenance, Provifion or Property, and to what Amount, and whether his Wife, if lie be married, follows the Regiment; and every Change that shall hwe taken place in any of the said respects in the Family of any such Militia Man shall be noted by such Adjutant in his Regifter aforesaid, according to such Return, or according to the Truth, if the fame shall have come to his Knowledge, by any other means.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Militia shall, within Four Days after the Sixth Day of every Month during the time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain embodied or in actual Service, draw out a Return for each and every Colleftor of Excife within whose Diftriot the Family of any Militia Man in his Regiment, entitled to any of the said Allowances shall reside, and fluul in every such Return fet forth an alphabetical Lift of the Names of all the Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Privates in his Regiment, whose. Families are so entitled and reside within such District; and also a distinct Statement ef such Promotions and Vacancies, and of such Deaths-and Desections, and other Cafualties (if any) as may have occurred among such Militia Men of the said Regiment; and also of* such of their Wives as may have joined the Regiment since the last Return, and of all such other Alterations as may have taken place in the Family of any of the said Militia Men, in manner hereinbefore mentioned; and if no such Promotion, Vacancy, Death or Defertion,' Cafoilty or Aiteration, shall have happened, then such Adjutant shall by fuck Return certify to that Efsect; and every such Adjutant shall within the said Four Days enclose all the said Returns which he (hall* have so drawn out to the Secretary of the .Commissioners of Excife in * Dublin, who shall cause the fame to be forwarded to the Colleftom of Excife respectively as speedily a6 may be.

XXII.	And be it enacted, That every such Colleftor of Excife shall, immediately on the Receipt of any such Return, transmit to* the said Secretary a written Acknowledgment df the Receipt thereof, specifying the Date thereof, and shall forthwith enter at the’ Foot’ of each Abftraft so filed by him as aforesaid, all new Matters refpec-liycly, which shall be noted in. such Return as aforesaid, and (hall’

R £	thereupon



Family entitled to Relief only while Militia Man (erves.

State of Families given to Adjutant every Month.

Adjutant to make Returns monthly of State of Families to Coile&ocs of Excife, fee.

Copies of Returns to Baronial Collectors, to enter Alterations at Foot of 'Orders made by J uHices.

24<S

C78.

51* GEO. III.

A.D.1811.

No Payment until Returns received.

Payments made according to Returns.

P r com pence to Ikitonial Cotlec. tor*, for their Trouble.

Baronial Collectors negled-ing Duty «

Penalty. .

thereupon file the find Return, and fend or deliver to each Baronial

-Colledor or Trehfurer in his Diftrid, a Copy of so much of the said Return as relates to his Barony or Half Barony, City or Town respectively; and such Baronial Colled or or Treasurer shall enter the new Matters therein contained at the Foot of the Orders made by Justices of Peace so kept by him respectively.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Payment shall be made by any such Barouiai Collector or Treasurer, to the Family of any Militia Man, until he shall have received from the Colledor of Excife such Copy extracted from such Return as aforesaid for the preceding Month ; and from and after the End of every Three Calendar Months from the Da:e of any Order of a Juftice, or of the Juflices at Sedions as aforesaid, no Payment shall be made by any such Baronial Collector or Treasurer, to the Family of any Militia Man, until a new Order of a Juftice of the Peace as aforesaid shall have been received by such Baronial Collector or Treasurer in manner aforesaid.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That wben any such Entry shall be duly made at the Foot of such Order or Abftract, or any Alteration shall be made in any such Order, then and from thenceforth such Monthly Sum and no other shall be paid and payable to the Family therein mentioned, as would have been payable to the said Family by the Provilions of this Ad, if an Order for Payment had been made and given by a Juftice according to the Circum-Itances of such Family at the time of making such Entry or Alteration.

XXV.	And be it further ena£ted, That, in order to recompence the laid Baronial Colledors and Treafurers of Cities or Towns for the Trouble and Expence which they may severally incur by virtue

. of this Ad, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of each County, City or Town at each Afiizes, and for the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin and County of the Citv of Dublin, at each Pre-fenting Term, to prefeot any Sums they shall think reasonable to be railed off the Counties at large, Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns, to be applied and paid as such Grand Juries shall direct, to the said respective Colledors and Treafurers, over and above all Sums <Jr Allowances to which they or any of them are or may be entitled by virtue of any other Law or Laws then in force, as a Reward for their Trouble and Expence in carrying the Provifions of this Ad into Execution; Provided always, That such Grand Jury shall be satisfied by the Affidavits of such Colledors and Treafurera respectively, that such Colledors aud Treafurers have duly paid the several Allowances to the Families of Militia Men in manner directed by this Ad: And provided also, that the Sum so to be presented shall not exceed Five/rr Centum on the Sums paid by such Collector or Treasurer since the lad preceding Afiizes or Presenting Term.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Colledor of a Baronial Cefs, Treasurer, Clerk of the Peace, Officer of the Peace, Colledor of Excife respectively, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to carry the Provifions of this Ad or any of them into Execution, and shall be thereof cor.vidled on Prefeotment or Indictment at the Af-sizes, or if in the County or City of Dublin, in the Court of King's Bench, every such Perfon so offending shall be fined at the Difcreuoa of the Court any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

XXVII. And

A.D.1811.

247

51° geo. in.	c.78.

XXVII.	And be it farther enacted, That if any Colleftor of the And for negletf-Baronial Cefs, or Treasurer of a City or Town, shall, on Demand in«t0 PJ* s.unM duly made, refofe or neglect to pay and satisfy any Sum or Sums of Families Money then payable by him to the Family of any Militia Man by

virtue of this Aft, every such Colleftor or Treasurer so refusing or neglecting to make such Payment, shall, for every such Negleft, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered upon Conviftion Penalty* of the said Offender before any Juftice of the Peace tor the County,

City or Place where the Offence shall be committed 5 which said Juftice is hereby authorized and required, upon Information exhibited or Complaint made by the Party aggrieved in that behalf, to summon the Party accused, and to examine into the Matter of Faft; and upon Proof thereof upon the Oath of One Witnefs, not being the Party entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, to give Judgment for such Penalty, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, in case the lame shall not be forthwith paid, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Juftice, cauftng the Overplus (if any) after dedufting the Charges of such Diftrefs and Sale, to be rendered to the Party, and the Penalty so adjudged shall be paid to the Ufe of the Party so aggrieved as aforesaid.

XXVIII.	And be it enacted. That every such Conviftion shall be Conviftion to-

in the Form here following, or in some other Form of Words of the f^r<?in8 *° fo1" fame Import 5 that is to fay,	wia* on*u

‘ D E it remembered, That A. B. Colleftor of Cefs in the Barony

*	of	in	the Cdunty of

‘ [or, Treasurer of the County of the City, or Town of ‘	,	as	the	cafe may be~\t is convicted before me C. D. One

*	of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, of not having paid

*	the Allowance on the	Day of	laft paft

*	to the Family of	,	a	Serjeant, [Corporal, Drummer,

g Private, as the case may le~] actually serving in the

*	Regiment of Militia, although the fame was duly demanded of him

*	on the	Day	of	laft past. Witnefs my Haud

€ and Seal this	Day	of	in	the	Year	.*

And every such Conviftion in the said Form, or any other Form of the fame Import, shall be good and sufficient in Law.

XXIX.	And be it enacted, That all and every Affidavits and Alii- Affidavits befqprt davit by this Aft required to be made, taken or produced, shall and JuAice.

may be made before any Juftice of the Peace within his proper Jurif-diftion ; and that every Perfon who shall swear falsely in any Affidavit required or authorized by this Aft to be taken, shall, on being convicted thereof, be adjudged guilty of wi%l and corrupt Perjury, Perjury, and be punished accordingly.

XXX.	And be it enacted. That a Half Barony shall be deemed Half Barony

and taken to be a Barony, to all the Purpofes of this Aft.	deemed a whole.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted. That this Aft may be altered. Aft may beat amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be passed in this present tered»

Seffion of Parliament.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft, and all and Commencs-every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, shall commence and

take Effest, and be in force from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thou fund eight hundred and eleven, in all Cafes where

R 4	no

24*

C. 78,79.

A.D.1811.

48 G.3. C.96.

|X7.

§18.

In whit etfe JuCtice may yefufe Warrant for Conveymce of Lunatics.

51° GEO. III.

no other Period is expressly Rated for the Commencement of any Claufe or Provifion in this Ad contained.

CAP. LXXIX.

An AQ. to amend an A£t of the Forty eighth Year of His pre-fent Majesty, for the better Care and Maintenance of Luna* tics, being Paupers or Criminals, in England.

[15th June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Ad pafTed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 for the better 9 Care and Maintenance of Lunatics» being Paupers or Criminals* m * England, Provifion is made for the Eredion of Afylums for Lu-* natics and Infane Perfons, being Paupers or Criminals, in Counties 9 or Diftrids of Counties in England: And whereas it it therein, ‘ among other things, enacted, 1 hat so soon as any Lunatic Afylum * so erected as aforesaid shall be declared by the Vifiting Justices to * be completed, and in a fit State for the Reception of Lunatics and 9 other Infane Perfons, the Justices of the Peace adiog respectively * in and for any County or Counties at the Expence of which such 9 Afylum shall have been built, are authorized and directed to iifue * Warrants, upon the Application of the Overseers of the Poor of * any Parifh situate within such County or Counties, for the Convey* 9 ance of any Lunatic, Infane Perfon or dangerous Ideot, who may 9 be chargeable to such Parifh, to such Afylum, there to be fafelj 9 kept, until he or she shall be duly discharged: And whereas it 1* • also therein enacted, that if any Overfeer of the Poor of any Pirifli 9 shall wilfully neglect or delay to give Information to such Juflice * of any such Lunatic or Infane Perfon who shall be chargeable to 9 such Parifh, or to make Application for such Warrant as aforesaid, 9 during the Space of Seven Days from the time that he shall be ac-9 quainted that such Perfon is so lunatic or insane, he shall be liable 1 to a Penalty therein specified: And whereas it is expedient that * the Justices of the Peace, to whom such Applications shall be made, • fbould have a diferetionary Power, as to iiluing or not issuing such 9 Warrants, in certain cases, and under certain Rcftridions, and pai* 9 ticularly in Cafes where it shall be found that the Number of Ap-* plications on the Behalf of Perfons having just Claims to be admitted * does at any time exceed the Number of those who can be properly 9 accommodated in such Afylum, with a View to Cure, Comfort and 9 hie Cultody Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That whenever any Application shall be made by the Overseers of the Poor of any PariOi in any County or Diftrid of Counties, at the Expence of which any Lu* natic Afylum shall have been erected, to any Juft ice of the Peace acting in and for such County or Counties, to ifTue his Warrant for the Conveyance of any Lunatic or Infane Perfon to such Afylum, it shall and may be lawful for such Juftice to refuse to ifTue the Warrant so required, if he shall so think fit, such Lunatic or Infane Perfon not being actually dangerous j Provided nevertheless, that any Juflice so refusing to ifTue such Warrant as aforesaid shall, at tfc

tip?

Vrovifoi

A.D.i8n«

51° GEO. III.	C.	79.

time of bit so refuting, deliver in Writing to the Overseers of the Poor making such Application as aforesaid the Reafont for fiich Refutal

II.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Perfon or Per- Appeal, foot shall think themfelvet aggrieved by such Refufal of any Juftice as aforesaid, such Perfon or Perfons may appeal to the Juilices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter-Selfions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County or Place where the Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Perfon or Perfons so appealing, having given to the Perfon again!! whom such Appeal shall be made. Ten Days Notice of his, her or their Intention to make such Appeal5 and the Notices laid Jutiicea at such Selfions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary way, and to make such Determination as they shall think proper; and every such Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purpofta whatsoever.

III.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That every Juftice who Jultfee* to make

shall have issued a Warrant or Warrants for the Conveyance of any J*etunM Lunatic or insane Perfon to such Afylum, or who shall have refufed	brought

to issue such Warrant or Warrants, on the Application of the Over- before them, leers of the Poor of any Parifh, shall make regular Returns to the

next General Quarter-Sefiions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County in which such Parifh shall be Situate, of all Cafes brought before him, in which he shall have granted, or refused to grant, a Wanraot or Warrants for such Conveyance, Hating in all cases of Refufal the Reafons for such Refufal; and such Returns shall be regularly filed and kept among the Records of such Court of General Quarter-Seffions.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That the Overseers of the Poor of Overfeer* to any Parifh, on makiiig their Application to any Juitice of the Peace

for the Conveyance of any Lunatic or Infane Perfon, or dangerous dk*l P*rfon°of

Ideot, as aforesaid, shall produce to such Juftice a Certificate in State of Lunatic.

Writing from some Medical Perfon, of the State and Degree of

Lunacy of the Perfon on whose Behalf such Application shall be

made; and that it shall be further lawful for such Juftice to caufc

such Lunatic, Infane Perfon or dangerous Ideot, to be visited by

such Medical Perfon as he shall think fit, and to examine the faid

Medical Perfon upon Oath as to the State and Degree of Lunacy

of such Lunatic, Infane Perfon or dangerous Ideot, and to order

such Sum to be paid to such Medical Perfon for his Attendance as

may seem just and reasonable, and such Sum shall be paid by the

Overseers of the Poor of the Parilh making such Application, out

of the Money raised therein for the Relief of the Poor.

V.	And be it further enacted, that the Medical Superintendant Medial Super, of every such Afylum as aforesaid shall make regular Returns to the

Justices of the Peace assembled at their General or Quarter-Selfions, Returns of State at lead Once in every Year, of the State and Condition of all Per- of Per ions en-fons committed to his Care under the Authority of the aforesaid A& trusted to hts passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and Carc-of this A&, in order that the said Justices may be enabled, from the Iofpc&ioQ of such Returns, and from the Report of such Medical Su]*rintendant, to direct the Difcharge of any Perfons from such Afylum who may appear from such Returns and Report to be no (auger fit Objects (0 remain therein $ and that the said Justices may,

at

*49

s

A.D.i8iu

*S*

Pjuper defrayed.

Baftarrfs of Lunatics to have Settlement of Mather.

45 Eli*, c. a. Si.

-	§5*

Indentures and Certificates

C.79,80.	• 5ip GEO, in.

at the fame time, issue their Warrants (which they are hereby authorized to ifTue) for the Admiffion of such other Perfons at their EKf-cretion, as may appear to be the fittest Objefts for immediate Reception therein, out of the federal Perfons on whole Behalf Application may have been made to any Juftice of the Peace as aforeiaid, and whose Cafes may have been regularly reported to the said General or Quarter-Sefiions.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That on the regular Di(charge of any Pauper from any such Afylum the necessary Expences attending the Removal of such Pauper shall be borne by the Parifh in which such Pauper shall be legally fettled, and such Expences being allowed by Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for tne County in which ffich Parifh shall be situated shall be paid by the Overfeersof the Poor of such Parifh out of the Money raised therein for the Relief of the Poor.

VII.	And be it further enabled. That no Baftard Child which shall be bom of any Lunatic, Infane Perfon or dangerous Ideot, in any such Afylum, (hallj thereby gain a Settlement in the Parilh in which such Afylum shall be situated ; but that the Place of the legal Settlement of any such Child so bom as aforesaid shall be in the Parifh where the Mother of such Child was last legally fettled.

CAP. LXXX.

An Aft to render valid certain Indentures for the binding of

Parifh Apprentices.	[ 1 5th June 1811.3

WHEREAS by an Aft pafTed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Her late Majcfly Queen Elizabeth, intituled, * An AQ for the belief of the Poor, it is enacted, That the Church-4 wardens of every Pan(h, and Four, Three or Two substantial * Houfeholders there, as shall be thought meet, having refpe6fc to 4 the Proportion and Greatnefs of the fame Parifh and Partfbes, to 4 be nominated yearly in Eajler Week, or within One Month after c Eafier, in the manner therein dirested, shall be Overseers of the 4 Poor of the fame Parifh ; and that it shall be lawful for the said 4 Churchwardens and Overseers, or the greater Part of them, by * the Aflent of Two Justices of the Peace, to bind the Children of * such Parents as shall not by the said Churchwardens and Overseers 4 or the greater Part of them be thought able to maintain their Chil-4 dren, to be Apprentices: And whereas in divers small Parifhes « Two Perfons ouly have been annually appointed to aft in the Ca-4 pacity of Churchwardens as well as Overseers of the Poor: And 4 whereas divers Indentures for the binding of Parifh Apprentices,

* and Certificates of the Settlements of roor Perfons, nave been 4 executed and signed by such Two Perfons, purporting to be the * Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parifhes 5 but, by reason that 4 the said Indentures and Certificates have not been signed by distinct * Perfons as Churchwardens and other distinct Perfons as Overseers, * such Indentures and Certificates have been or may be deemed to * be void Be it therefore enacted, by the King’s Moft. Exeellent Majcfly, by and with the Advice and (Jonfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fanie, That alli Indentures for the binding of Parifh Apprentices, and all Certificates of the Settlement a

of

A*D.i8ii*	51° GEO. III.	C. 80, 81.

of Poor Perfons, which hare been heretofore executed and signed by Two Perfons only, idling or purporting to act in the Capacity of Churchwardens as well as of Overseers of the Poor, and also au such Indentures and Certificates as shall hereafter be so signed, shall be considered as good, valid and effectual, as if the fame had been executed and signed by distinct Perfons as Churchwardens and dillind Perfons as Overleers of the Poor, according to the said recited Adi ; any thine therein or in any other Ad contained to the contrary thereof notwithffandioe.

II. Provided always. That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend to do away or alter any Decifion which may have taken place in any Court of Law, rcfpe&ing the binding of «ny Parifh Apprentice, or the Settlement of any Poor Perfon before the paffiug of this Ad*

CAP* LXXXI.

An Aft to continue, until the First Day of Auguji One thou-fand eight hundred and twelve, certain Afts for appointing Coramiflioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perqui-fites and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abufes which may exist in the fame, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland. [15th Jun$ 18it.]

, TT THE REAS by an Ad made in the Forty fourth Year of 4 W His present Majesty’a Reign, intituled, An A3 for appoint-1 ing, until the Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and *fvet Commijftoners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquifites and * Emoluments which are or have been lately received in the several 4 Public Officcj in Ireland, therein mentioned; to examine into any Abufes 4 which may exi/l in the fame, and into the present Mode of receivings 4 colic3i*g, ijfutng and accounting for Public Money in Ireland; and 4 the said recited Ad has, by certain Ads made in the Forty fifth, 4 Forty seventh. Forty nintn and Fiftieth Years of His present 4 Majesty’s Reign, been continued with Amendments until the First 4 Day of Auguji One thousand eight hundred and eleven : And 4 whereas it is expedient that the said recited Ad of the Forty fourth 4 Year, as amended by the said other Ads, should be continued in 4 manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said recited Ad of the Forty fourth Year aforesaid, as amended by the said other recited Ads, shall be and the said Ada are hereby further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

II. And be it fyrther enacted, That it fnall and may be lawful for the Lords Commiifioners of His Majesty’s Treasury in Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, 'and they are hereby authorized and required to issue and caufc to be issued, over and above the Sums mentioned in the said recited Ads of the Forty fourth, Forty seventh. Forty ninth and Fiftieth Years afore-said, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds,

*5*

heretofore signed by Two Perfons only acting 11 Churchwardens, See. valid*

Prior Decider

44 G.3. c*ro6*

45 G. 3. c.6y. 47 G.3. Self* c. 41.

49	G.3.C.5X.

50	G. 3. c. 81.

continued.

Treasury may issue 2,0001. for Expence of Comtaiflionera.

C.$if 82.

A.D.1811.



510 GEO. ni.

to such Perfon or Perfons as the Commissioners under the said recited A&b, or any Three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majefty's Exchequer in Ireland\ which Sums so issued and paid shall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Meffengeis and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges io or about the Execution of the Powers of the said recited and this Ad, and in such manner and in such Proportions as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in that Behalf; and that such Sums shall be accounted for by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame shall be issued or paid, according to the Courfe of His Majesty’s Ex-chequer of Ireland, without any Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing or Payment of the fame, on the paffiag. of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commimoners, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint.

Officers of Ex-tife to make a Return of Rock Salt m Pofleffion of Refiner for which Duty charged.

Refiner to pey a Duty after the Kate of 15s. per Bulliel. Exception.

CAP, LXXXII.

An A& for eftablilhing Regulations respecting Rock Salt de* livered to the Refineries; for granting Relief for Salt loft at Sea by Shipwreck or Capture ; and for reviving, amending and continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, so much of an Ad of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty as allows the Ufe of Salt, Duty-free, for curing Fifti in Bulk or in Barrels.

[15th June 1811.]

4 TT ^ HEREAS notwithstanding the Provifions of the Law in that 4 V? respect, the Quantities of Salt produced at entered Refi-4 neries to the Officers of Excife to be weighed and charged with 4 the Duties by Law imposed for or in respect thereof hare greatly 4 fallen short of the Quantities which ought to have been made ?nd 4 refined from the Quantities of Rock Salt delivered at such Rc* 4 fineries for the Purpofe of being there refined, to the great Dimi-4 nution of His Majesty’s Revenue and Injury of the fair Trader For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Officers of Excife shall, on or before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, make a just and true Return or Report to the CommiffioDfrs of Excife, or to such Perfon or Perfons as they (hail appoint or employ to receive the fame, of all the Rock Salt respectively then found in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any Refiner of Rock Salt which shall have been shipped Coaftwife on Bond for the due Delivery thereof to such Refiner, and for or in respect whereof respectively the Duty shall not have been charged, and such Return or Report shall be a Charge upon such Refiner or Refiners, and he or they shall be chargeable and charged with, and within Six Weeks then next following pay the Duty at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Bufhel for and in respect of such Rock Salt respectively, uniefs fuefi Refiner shall, within Fourteen Days next after such Return or Report, give Bond or Security, to be approved ef by the

laid

AD.i8ii.

C.81.

51* GEO. HI.

*53

said Commissioners of Excife, or the Perfoo or Perfona who shall be appointed or employed by them for that. Purpose, m Double the Value of the Duties which shall be charged or chargeable on such Rock Salt refpedrvely, for the due Payment of the Doties of Excife, at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Bufhel for or in respect of such Rock Salt, within the Space of Six Months from the time of making such Return or Report, or elfe producing to the proper Officer of Excife within fueh Six Months, and haring charged with the Duties a Quantity or Quantities of refined Salt made from such Rock Salt, in the Proportion of Fifty fix Pounds of refined Salt at the lead for every Sixty five Pounds of such Rock Salt which shall from time to time be found by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife deficient of the Quantity of iuch Rock Salt which shall have been so found in the Cudody or PoiTeflion of such Refiner or Refiners, and for paying at the End of every Six Weeks from the time of making the Charge thereof, the Duties at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Bufhel for or in refpetf of the Quantity of each Charge of such refined Salt.

II.	And be it further enabled, That when and so soon as any Rock R^.ller ™

Salt shall be delivered from any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, to be fhipped	Option)

Coaftwife, or to be sent by Inland Navigation, free of Duty on Bond topjy Duty

for its being duly delivered at any entered Refinery, not being within after th*

the Counties of Lancaster and Chefier respectively, the Refiner or v™ Buihct,

Refiners to or for whom the lame shall be conftgned or sent shall, orsweB '•***

within Six Weeks next after the Delivery or Receipt of such Rock

Salt, pay the Duties of Excife at and after the Rate of Fifteen

Shillings per Bufhel for such Rock Salt, unless such Refiner or Re*

finers shall, within Fourteen Days next after such Delivery or Receipt

of such Rock Salt, give sufficient Bond or Security to be approved

of by the Commissioners of Excifo, or the Perfon or Perfona who

shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in Double

the Value of the Duties of the said Rock Salt, for the due Payment

of the Duties of Excife, at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings

fer Bufhel for or in respect of such Rock Salt, within the Space of

Six Mtnths next after such Delivery or Receipt, or elfe producing

to the proper Officer of Excife within such Six Months, and having.

charged with the Duties a Quantity or Quantities of refined Salt

made from such Rock Salt, in the Proportion of Fifty fix Pounds of

refined Salt at the lead for every Sixty five Pounds of fuel) Rock

Salt which shall from time to time be found by the proper Officer

or Officers of Excife deficient of the Quantity of such Rock Salt

which shall have been so delivered or received, and for paying at the

End of every Six Weeks, from the time of the Charge thereof, the

Duties at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Bufhel for or

in respect of the Quantity of each Charge of such refined Salt.

III.	And be it further enacted. That all and every Refiner and Rnc5t Refiners of Rock Salt, to whom any Rock Salt shall be sent coad- felurat€* wife or sent by Inland Navigation as aforesaid on Bond for the due Delivery thereof, shall keep the fame and every Part thereof feparate

and apart from all other Rock Salt; and if any Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt shall neglect or refuse to keep such Rock Salt and every Part thereof separate and apart from all other Rock Salt, until such Rock Salt shall be put into his, her or their Cillern or other Veffel for difloNing the fame, or shall mix any Rock Salt of one Delivery*

C.S2.

A.D.i8ir.

Penalty.

Notice to Officer oi putting Rock Salt into Cittern.

Fnlh Notice.

Penalty.

38 G. 3. c. 89.

§1X5.

51* GEO. in.

Kvery or Receipt with arty Rock Salt of any otlief Delivery or Receipt, then and in every such case the Refiner or Refiners so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

*V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Refiner and Refiners of Rock Salt, to whom Rock Salt shall, after the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be sent Coaftwife or by Inland Navigation as aforesaid, shall at leatt Six Hours before he, she or they shall put any Rock Salt into any Ciflern or other Veffel to be made use of for the Purpofe of dissolving the fame, or shall diffoto any such Rock Salt, or make the fame into Brine, give to the Officer of Excife under whose Survey his, her or their Refinery shall be, a Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention so to do, specifying therein' the particular Time and Hour at which he, (he or they intends or intend so to put such Rock Salt into such Cittern or other Veffel, or to difiolve the fame, or to make the fame into Brine, the Quantity of Rock Salt by him, her, or them to be put into such Cittern or Veffel, the particular Ciflern or Veffel into which the fame is to be put for the Purpofe of dissolving such Rock Salt therein, and the Date of the Permit or Bond under which the fame was received or delivered at such Refinery, and the Quantity of Rock Salt specified in such Permit; and if any such Refiner or Refiners shall not begin to put the Rock Salt specified in any such Notice into the Cittern or other Veffel specified in such Notice, as being to be made use of for the Purpofe of dissolving the fame within the Space of One Hour next after the particular Time or Hour specified in such Notice for that Purpose, then such Notice shall be void, and every such Refiner or Refiners shall give afresh and like Notice before he, she or they shall begin to put any Rock Salt into any Cittern or Veffel, for the Purpofe of dissolving the fame, or ihail difiolve any such Rock Salt, or make the fame into Brine; and if any such Refiner or Refiners shall uegleft or refute to give any such Notice, or having given any Notice which shall become void as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to give a fretti and like Notice, he, she or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

• V. And whereas by an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, amopg other things, for trans-4 ferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commiffioners

•	of Excife, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Draw-4 backs, Allowances and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting 4 other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties thereon, the 4 Commissioners of Excife and Justices of the Peace respectively are 4 authorized and required, under and subject to the Rules and Re-< gulations in the said Aft in that behalf provided, to grant their 4 Warrants in the said Aft in that behalf dirested, for and in respect 4 of such Salt and Rock Salt refpe&ivcly as in the said A& men-4 tioned loft or destroyed through Strefs of Weather or Storms at

•	Sea, or by the accidental or unavoidable catting away, sinking or

•	ftranding of any Flat, Boat, Barge or Veffel, in or on board of

•	which any such Salt or Rock Salt shall be removing or tranfport-

•	ing from one Place to another : And whereas by another Aft made

in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign aforesaid, among other things

4 for amending the said Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of the

4 Reign

39 & 3 c. 65.

§ i%*

A.D.iSir.

C.82*

ji* GEO. III.

*55

*	Reign aforesaid, the (aid Commissioners add Justices are autho-

*	rized and required to grant the like Warrants for such Salt and

*	Rock Salt respectively as in the said lafl mentioned Ad in that 4 behalf mentioned loll by Capture* of Enemies: And whereas by

*	Provisions in the said Ad made in the Thirty eighth Year afore- 38 0.3. c.S>

4 laid, any such Warrant is prohibited from being granted, unless the \ ll5*

4 Proprietor or Shipper of the Salt or Rock Salt so loft or destroyed,

4 or Come Perfon on his, her or their behalf, shall, within One MontR 4 after such Accident, give such Notice in Writing as is by the ' said last mentioned Ad in that behalf directed, nor unless it shall 4 appear upon the Face of the Application, and be proved upon Oath 4 that the Accident by which the Lofs of the Salt or Ro^k Salt 4 was occasioned happened within Six Months immediately preceding :

4 And whereas some such Lofles may not become known to the Pro-' prietors or Shippers of such Salt or Rpck Salt within One Month 4 after such Accident shall have happenedr and it is therefore expe-4 dient in any such.case as is hereinafter mentioned to grant the Relief 4 under such Notice as is hereinafter mentioned lie it therefore Regulations as so enacted, That in every case where any Salt or Rock Salt, as in that Notices ofLolles behalf mentioned in the (aid Ad made in the Thirty eighth Year of Saitby Ship-aforesaid, shall by the accidental or unavoidable calling aw3y and fink*	in order t»

ing of the Ship or Veffel, in or on board which such Salt or Rock recejve RfcUel Salt shall be removing or transporting from one Place to another, be loll, or where any such Salt or Rock Salt as in that behalf mentioned in the (aid Ad made in the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, shall be loft by Capture of Enemies, and any such Lofs shall not have come to the Knowledge of the Proprietor or Shipper of such Salt or Rock Salt in sufficient time to enable such Proprietor or Shipper to give the Notice required by the (aid Ad within One Month next after such Accident, or within Six Months respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Proprietor or Shipper within One Month after such Accident shall have become known to him, her or them, to give to the Commiflioners of Excife at the Chief Office of Excife in London, or to the Colledor of Excife of the Colledion neared to which the Accident shall have happened. Notice in Writing specifying therein the several Matters and Things by the (aid Ad made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid, required to be specified in the Notice in Writing required by the said last mentioned Ad, to entitle the Party to any such Warrant as aforesaid, and upon any such Notice as is by this Ad prescribed having been given as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful either for His Majesty’s Juft ice 8 of the Peace of the County, Riding, Diviiion of Shire, at the Quarter-Seffions of the Peace nearest to which the Owner, Proprietor or Shipper of the Salt or Rock Salt shall reiide, or for the Commiilioners of Excife at the Chief Office of Excife in London, or any Three of the (aid Commiilioners, to proceed thereon, and grant the like Relief as in and by the said respective Ads is authorized, directed or required, for or in respect of Salt or Rock Salt, for and in respect whereof a Notice has been given within One Month, aud Proof made upon Oath that the Accident by which the Lofs was occaftoned happened within Six Months respectively in that behalf mentioned in the said Ad made in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid ; any thing in the said last mentioned Ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding : Provided always aeverthe- Provtfc.

lefs.

$j 6

C.8z.

510 GEO. HI.

A.D.18H.

1i G. 3. (G.B.) c. ii. §i—3.31. revived and continued.

41 G.3. (G.B.) c.21. § 1.

Such Salt (halt be accounted for within Twelve Months after the Receipt thereof.

less, that no such Application shall be fufoined or proceeded upon, nor shall such Relief be granted, unless sufficient Fa&s shall be proved to satisfy the said Commissioners and Justices respectively, that the Circumftances of the Cafe and Lofs were such as to have prevented and put it out of the Power of the Owner, Proprietor or Shipper of the said Salt or Rock Salt to have given the Notice* or to have made the Application within the respective times in that behalf required by the said Aft of the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-Handing.

*	VI. And whereas the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Ex-

*	perience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that

•	the fame should be revived and continued ;* Be it therefore enacted. That so much of an Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other things for allowing until the Fifteenth Day of Odobcr-One thousand eight hundred and one, the tJfe of Salt Duty-free in the preferring of Fifh in Bulk, or in Barrels, and for discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, as relates to allowing the Ule of Salt Duty-free in the preferring of Fifh in Bulk, or in Barrels, which was continued by Three Afts of the Forty second, Forty third and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be, and the fame is hereby revived and further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

•	VII. And whereas by the said Aft of the Forty first Year of the Reign aforesaid, any Perfon or Perfons receiving, taking or (hipping on board any Veffel or Veffels any Quantity of Salt five of Duty for the Purpofe of salting, curing or preferring Fi(h, is and are, among other things, required to give such Bond or Security as is in the said Aft in that behalf prescribed, that he or they will duly account in manner in the said Aft mentioned for all the Salt which he or they shall at any time ship, receive or have on board his or their Veffel or Veffels for the Purpofe of salting, curing or preserving Fifh, and that such Salt, and every Part thereof, shall be fairly and bona Jidc emploved, spent and consumed in salting, curing or preserving of Fifh as aforesaid, or shall be returned into the Warehoufe entered for the keeping or storing of Salt Dutyfree from whence the fame was taken: And whereas by the said Aft no time is limited or prescribed within which such Perfon or Perfons shall so duly account for such Salt, or for such Salt being so emploved, spent and consumed a9 aforesaid, or being returned into the Warehoufe as aforesaid, and it is therefore expedient to make such Provifion in that behalf as is hereinafter mentioned;’

Be it therefore enacted, That all such Salt which shall be so received, aken or shipped after the palling of this Aft, shall be duly ac-ounted for as aforesaid within Twelve Months, to be computed and eckoned from the Day of such Receipt thereof 5 and the fame and rvery Part thereof shall within such Twelve Months be fairly and bona Jide emploved, spent and consumed in salting, curing or preferring of Fifh as aforesaid, or shall be returned into the Warehoufe entered for the keeping or storing of Salt Duty-free from whence the fame was taken, and every such Bond or Security given after the palling of this Aft shall be conditioned accordingly.

VIII. And

A.'D.i$z i»

5.i° GEO, IIL	C. 82,83,84.	257

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and* How Penalties Forfeitures imposed by this Aft shall be sued for, recovered, levied! ^covered aud or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty* *PPlie<L or Forfeiture may, be • filed for, recovered, levied or mitigated by* any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint on Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninfier* or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture fball be to Hi*

Majesty, bis Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to him on them who shall inform, difcqver.or sue for the fame.

CAP. LXX3HI.

An A& for allowing the like Drawback of Duty paid on Coals used in certain Mines and Smelting. Mills inDevon/bire, as is now aildwed in:the County of Cornwall*

[15th June 1-811.3'

f YTTHEREAS it Ts expedient the Encouragement which has c VV been given to the working of Mines in Cornwall and the

*	tfland of Anglesea, by allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coals

*	ufed therein, should be extended to the working of Mines m the

*	County of Devon ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by tne Authority of the fame, That, from and after CoaU used in the passing of this Aft, for all Coals that shall be used for Fire En-	*c.	in

gines in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, or for calcining or fmelting

Lead Ores within the County of Devon, and for which Duties b^ckofDutiet.

have been first answered and prid, a Drawback shall be allowed and

made of aH such Duties, upon Proof by Oath made before the Col-

leftor of the said Duties, (vVhich Oath he is hereby impowered and

required to admin ifter) that such Coals have been so used and applied ;

and the Amount of the Duties so drawn back shall be returned and

paid by the Colleftor of the said Duties to the Perfon so making

Proof as aforefaid*

C A P. LXXXIV.

An Aft: to explain an Aft: palled in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for better securing the Freedom of Eleftion of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers employed in the Colleftion or Management of His Majesty’s Revenues from giving their Votes at such Eleftions, so far as relates to Coal Meters and Com Meters of the City of London.	[15th June 1811.]

*	YTTHEREAS by an Aft passed in the Twenty second Yeay 0.3.0.41.

c W. of His present Majesty, intituled. An AQ for better fccurins

*	the Freedom of Election of Members lo serve in Parliament * by dip

*	aiding certain Officers employed in the Collodion or Management of

% Bis' Maje/ly*? Revenue from giving their Botes at such Eledions,

1 Officers and Perfons employed in charging, collecting,- levying or f 1-

*	managing the Cuftoms are rendered incapable of voting for Mem-

4 ben to serve in Parliament: And wherea* Doubt* have arisen a*

ft Giq. 111.	S	*	to

not to extend to Coal Meters or Corn Meters of London*

4 to the Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament of tht

*	Fifteen Coal Meters and Ten Corn Meters of the City of Lindt*, 4 admitted from time to time by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and 4 Commons of the said City, to have, hold, exercise and enjoy the

*	faid Places of Coal Meters and Corn Meters mfpeftively, tn trull 4 for the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the laid City; 4 and the said Coal Meters have teen considered to be within that 4 Aft, because they have a CommifOon from the Commiifionen of 4 Cuftoms; and the said Corn Meters have also been considered to

*	be within that Aft, because the Duties of Cuftoms payable to His 4 Majesty on Corn imported into the Port of London are afeertained 4 by or from the Admeafurement of the said Corn Meters, although 4 the said Coal and Com Meters rcfpeftively aft without any Fee or 4 Salary payable out of the Cuftoms or other public Revenues of 9 the Crown: And whereas it is not expedient that the hud Ad 4 Should be held to* extend to such Coal and Com Meters irSpec* 4 lively :* Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of toe Lards Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That nothing in the said recited Aft contained Shall extend or be construed to extend to such Coal Meters or Com Meters of the City of London as aforesaid, notwithstanding they may have a Commiffion from the CommilEonert of Cuftoms, or be employed iu the Admeafurement of Coal or Cora for the Purpofe of ascertaining the Duties of Cuftoms due to His Majesty thereon, or to render such Coal Meters or Corn Meters incapable of giving their Votes for Members to serve in Parliament as other Perfons having a Right of voting may do, provided such Coal Meters and Corn Meters Shall not receive or be entitled to receive any Salary, Fee or Reward payable out of the Revenue sf Cuftoms or other Public Revenues of the Crown.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Aft; to enable the Commifiioners of His Majesty’s Trea-fury to iSTue Exchequer Bills, on die Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.	[15th	Jtm 1811.]

41 TREASURY may issue Exchequer Bills, in manner preferred by 4< 48 G. 3.C. I. Chargeable on Supplies of i8it, and payable at 4t any time on Fourteen Days’ Notice, j r. Clauses, &c. in the 41 recited Aft relating to Exchequer Bills extended to this Aft. f 2. 41 But not to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of 51 G.3. c.2. in 41 any other manner than they are authorized by that Aft, dec. f 3. 41 Intereft on such Exchequer Bills not exceeding A. per Cad. fer 41 Diem. § 4. Such Exchequer Bills may, at tne Expiration of

*	Four Months after Date, be taken in Payment of the Reve» 4< hue. f 5. Bank of Bngtand authorized * to advance dfafnofiM u on the Credit of this Aft, notwithftauding c & 6 W. & M* u C- $Q.*—§ 6.

A.D.i8iU

gt'GEO.HL

cat

*S9

CAP. LXXXVL

An A€t to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thou-fand eight hundred and twelve, and to amend several AdU for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Mer* chandize imported into and exported from Ireland/ and to grant to His Majesty, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland.	[26th June 18 x 1.]

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 TT7HEREAS an Ad was made in the Forty fifth Year of His 43 °*3*

*	W present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An A3 for granting unto 4 His Majesty until the Twenty Jiftb Day of March One thousand eight 4 hundred and Jix, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain 4 Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goodsl Wares and Merchandize im-4 ported into asul extorted from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and 4 Dutiesy Drawbacks and Bounties : And whereas an Ad was made

*	in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty *t Reign, intituled, 4° ^3*

4 An A3 for granting unto His Majesty until the Twenty ninth Day of

4 September One thousand eight hundred andfix* certain Duties on the 4 Importation y and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the 4 Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron* Sugar and Tea into and from 4 Ireland: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty seventh Year 47 G. 3* Stftx. 4 of His present Majesty*# Reign,, to repeal Part of the Duties on C3X*

4 the Importation of unmanufactured Tobacco in Ireland: Aod 4 whereas another Ad was made in the Forty seventh Year of Hit 47 G. 3. StfT.s. 4 present Majesty*# Reign, intituled. An A3 to grant to His Majesty c- x$-

*	until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighty 4 certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks 4 on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into 4 and from Ireland : And whereas another Ad was made in the

*	Foriy seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to provide for 47 0.3.3«Ha, 4 the Decreafe and Sufpenfion in certain Cafes of Part of the Couo* c. 18.

4 tervailing Duty on Britj/b Refined Sugar imported into Ireland:

4 And whereas such of the said recited Ads as were temporary have 4 been from time to time continued by several Ads patted in the 4 Forty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty’s 4^ G. 3. cc. in. 9 Reign, and by an Ad patted in the Forty eighth Year of His 4 present Majesty’s Reign, the said recited Ads were amended and 47^G.3.SdTa. 1 continued, and by an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His 480.3. c. 8a 4 present Majesty’s Reign, the said recited Ads were further cod* 49 0,3. c. 74.

4 tinued: And whereas *n Ad was made in the Iaft Seffion of Par* 50 G. 3. c.97.

*	liament, intituled, An A3 to continue until the Fifth Day of July 1 One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and to amend several A3s 4 for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain 9 Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods f Wares and Merchandize imported.

4 into and exported from Ireland ; and to vrant to His Majesty, until

1 the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven,	✓

4 certain new and additional Duties on the Importation* and to allow v . . .	S 2	• Draw*

AJ).i8ii.

260 C. 8<f.	yi*	GEO.	lit

*	Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Qoods, Wares and Mcr-

*	chandize into and from Ireland \ by "which said last mentioned Ad

*	the several Ada hereinbefore recited ,were continued, and are. in f force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight ( hundred and eleven, and it is expedient that all the said recited 4 Ads, and also the several Rates ana Duties granted, and the Draw* 4 backs and Bounties allowed by them, or any of them, Ihould be

*	further continued in manner hereinafter mentioned. May ft therefore please Your Majesty that it may be ena£ted; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice aod Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

Duties and That the. Rates and Duties granted, and the Drawbacks and Bqun-Drawbacks con- ties allowed by thefaid recited Ads, or any pf them, until and upon tinued.	the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, mall

refpedively continue and be in force throughout Ireland, upon and from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand Exception. eight hundred and twelve, except the Rates, Duties and Drawbacks on the several Articles upon which new and other Rates, Duties and Drawbacks, are by this Ad granted, imposed or allowed, and except such Drawbacks and Bounties, oh the Exportation of Sugar of the Briti/h Plantations, and on Refined Sugar under the said recited Ads, or any of them, as are provided for by an Ad made in the 47 G. j. Se(T. x. Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An c. 19, &c.	jfQ to provide more ejfedually for regulating the Drawbacks and Boun-

ties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing Britiih Plantation Sugar to be warehottfed in Ireland, until the Twenty ffth - Day of March One thousand eight * hundred and eighty and which said 51 G. 3. c. ia. last recited Ad is by an Ad pafTed in this present Seflion of Parliament continued to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and amended, and that the said recited Ads, except as aforesaid, and except also as they are altered qr repealed by each other or by this Ad, or by any other Aft; and all the Powers and Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Ads or any of them, shall be observed and complied with during the Term hereby granted, as fully and effectually, as if the said Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, and the said Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things had been by the said recited Ads or any of them, extended to the Term hereby granted, and as if the Term hereby granted had made Part

......of the said recited Ads, or any of them, and that the several Ar-

, . . ,	tides in respect whereof any Rate or Duty is granted or imposed,

, ore continued, or any Drawback or Bounty is allowed by the said recited Ads, or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall respectively he, and remain liable to the Rates and Duties, and shall be entitled to the Drawbacks and Bounties (except as aforefaid), allowed in refjjeft thereof, under the Regulations and Provifions of the said recited

*	Ads, upon, from and; after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad*

' II. And

A»D* 1811

C. 86.

51* GEO. m.

t4i

4II. And whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great 1 Britain and Ireland, in Parliament a Hem bled, towards railing the

*	neceflary Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for the Support 4 of Your Majesty’s Government, have resolved to grant to Your $ Majesty .the several new Duties hereinafter mentioned, upon certain 4 Goods* Wares and Merchandizes imported into Ireland/ and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be

it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of June New Duties of

One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and during the Continuance Cuftoms accord*

of this Ad, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and 10 ^hedule.

for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succcffors, in Ready

Money (except as hereinafter is provided), without any Difcount

whatever upon the Importation of the several Goods, Wares and

Merchandize mentioned and. fet forth in the Schedule to this Ad

annexed, imported into Ireland»the several Duties inserted, described

and fet forth in Figures in the said Schedule; and there shall alfo

be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks in respect of the faid

Duties, as the fame are respectively inserted, described and fet forth

in Figures in the said Schedule ; and that the said Duties in the laid

Schedule specified shall be in lieu and full Satisfadion of all Duties

and Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation and Ex*

.portation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Sorts, under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad.

III. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the First American Tim* Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and during the ^er imported Continuance of this Ad, in lieu and instead of the several Duties ^?J^e,and’ payable on the; Importation into Ireland of Wood and .Timber, being Dulje, as Wood the Growth or Produdion of the United States of America, under of Foreign or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force at the time of the palling of Countries, this Ad, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, for and upon all Wood and Timber, being the Growth or Produdion of the United States of America, of whatever Sort or Defcription such Wood or Timber shall be, the like Rates and Duties as are payable on the Importation into Ireland of Wood or Timber of the like Sort or Description, being the Growth or Produdion of any Foreign Country, .or being the Growth or Produdion of any Place except the ■

United States of America and the British Coionics; and that from and after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred aad eleven, and during the Continuance of this Ad, there shall be allowed on all such Timber and Wood, being the Growth or Produce of the laid United States, which shall have paid the Duties hereby imposed thereon, and which shall be exported from Ireland, such and the like Drawbacks as are payable on Timber or Wood,

•	being the Growth or Produdion of any Foreign Country as afore* said, exported from Ireland under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force at the time of the palling of this Ad.

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, Additional Duty collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, for <* Cuftoms on and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, which at any time, from Tobacco, and alter the Firit Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall be imported into - Ireland, or • which having been imported into Iceland before the said Day, shall, on or aft& the faid

«3	D»y»

C.Stf.

A.D;i8n:

262

DnwUdu

39 Sc 4© G. 3, c.67. 40 G. 3.

CounttmUiog Duty onBritHh Cordage exported into Ire* laud.

Equivalent Drawback on Irilh Cordage.

39 k 40 O.3, €,67. 40 G. 3*

(10 e.38.

Countervailing Duties on Bricilk Tobacco and SnuC

5f GEO. till

Day, he in His Majesty’s Stores or Warehoufes in Ireland\ a Duty of Cuftoms of One Penny and Thirteen Twentieths of a Penny Briti/b Currency, in Addition to all other Duties of Cuftoms or Ex* cife, payable on any such Tobacco, under any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland: And that upon the Exportation of any Unmanufafturrd Tobacco from Ireland, which shall have paid the said Duty, there shall be allowed and given to the Exporter thereof a Drawback of One Penny and Thirteen Twentieths of & Penny, in Addition to all other Drawbacks payable under any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland.

4 V. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provifions of

*	the Afts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in respect 4 of the Duties by this Aft imposed on Hemp imported into Ire-4 land, countervailing Duties should be charged on Cordage, being 4 the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into 4 Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said Duties ;*. Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, there shall be charged on all Cordage, the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, the several countervailing Duties following ; that is to fay. Cordage to be used as Standing Rigging, or other Cordage made from Topt Hemp, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight, the Sum of Four Pounds Ten Shillings and Three pence; Cordage of any other Sort, Cable Yam, Packthread and Twine, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight, the Sum of Four Pounds Four Shillings and Four pence ; and that upon the Exportation of any Cordage manufactured in Ireland from Hemp, which shall have paid the Duty by this Aft imposed, and which shall be exported to Great Britain, or elsewhere, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the said Countervailing Duty.

* VI. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provifions of

*	the Afts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in refped

*	of the additional Duties imposed on Tobacco imported into and 4 manufactured in Ireland, increased Countervailing Duties shall be

*	charged upon Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Ma-4 nufafture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland\ 4 sufficient to countervail the said Duties on Tobacco imported into

*	or manufactured in Ireland ;* Be it therefore enacted, That there shall be charged on all Tobacco and SnufF, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable on such Tobacco and Snuff, under or by virtue of any Ad or Afts in force in Ireland, immediately beforfc the passing of this A ft, the several Countervailing Duties following; that is to fay,

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of onmanufadured Tobacco of the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, the Sum pf Seven Pence Three Farthings:

For and upon every Pound Weight of Briti/b manufactured Short Cut T°hacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or kuown by the Name of Spanish, the Sum of Two Shil? lings and Four Pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight of Briti/b manufactured Shag Tobacco cut, the Sum of Two Shillings and One Peony Three Farthings ;

For

AD.i*it.

jie'GEO. III.

C.8tf.



For aod upoa every Pound Weight of Briti/b manufactured Roll Tobacco* the Sum of Two Shillings and Four Pence s

For and upon eveiy Pound Weight of British manufactured Carrot Tobacco, the oum of Two Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny:

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort of British manufactured Tobacco, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four Pence :

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Briti/b manufactured Rappee Snuff, the Sum of One Shilling and Eleven Pence Three Farthings:

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Snuff, called Scotch Snuff, the Sum of Two Shillings and Nine Pence: For and upon every Pound Weight of Britj/b manufactured Snuff called Browm Scotch Snuff, the Sum of One Shilling and Eleven Pence:

For and npon every Pound Weight of Briti/b manufactured Stalk Floor, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings: For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of British manufactured Snuff, or Snuff Work, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, the Sum of Two Shillings and Nine Pence*

VII.	And be it further enacted, That upon all Tobacco and Snuff manufactured in Ireland from Tobacco which shall have paid all Duties of Cuftoms and Excife payable on the fame accoiding to Law, immediately after the palling of this ACt, which shall be exported from Ireland to any Place except Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed, by way of Drawback or Compenfation for the Duty charged and paid on tne Import of the Leaf Tobacco, whereof it hath been manufactured, and for the Excife Duty charged thereon by Law, the like Sums of Money as are by this ACt allowed and made payable on all such manufactured Tobacco and Snuff exported to Great Britain, according to the Descriptions and Denominations hereinbefore mentioned and contained : Provided always, that Proof shall be made on Oath' or other*ife, to the Satisfaction of the Com-miffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, that all such manufactured Tobacco and Snuff so exported shall have been manufactured' from Tobacco which shall have paid all Import and Excife Duties payable by Law thereon, immediately from and after the passing of this Ad*

4 VIII. And whereas the Intercourfe in Home-made Spirits be-4 tween Great Britain and Ireland has been fufjpended by Law for a 4 limited time; and whereas the Sufpenfion of such Intercourfe hath 4 now expired ;* Be it therefore enacted, That there shall he raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-ceffers, for and upon every Gallon of Spirits, Aqua Vita or Strong Waters, made or distilled in Great Britain, from Corn or Gram, and which at any time after the Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven shall have or shall be imported into Ireland\ the Sum of Three Shillings and Four Pence, in lien and full SatisfaCtipn of all Countervailing Duty on such Spirits, under any ACt or ACts of Parliament in force at tne time of the passing of this ACt; and that there shall be paid and allowed for and upon • every Gallon of Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Spirits made or dif-tSled iq Inland from Cora or Grain, and which at any time after

S	4	the.

DnvWkoom*

nufaCtured Tobacco tad Snuff exported to Foreign Pant.

Countervailing Doty end equivalent Drawback on Inih Spirits exported toG.tt.

2<4

Exeefs of Duty in what case refunded.

Stares imported Duty free frrm British Colonies.

Duties paid in Brittfh Currency, and carried to Con-folidated Fund.

Duties payable •n Goods not enter eo, 8cc.

And also on Good* .var#-hoofed.

C.06.	510 GEO* IIL	A.D.1B11

the said Twentieth Day of May shall be exported from Ireland to Great Britain, an equivalent Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty granted by this Ad.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, at any time sifter the Sufpenfion of such Intercourse had expired, shall have paid or: shall pay any greater or higher Countervailing Duty on Spirits made or diililled in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, or shall have been allowed or (hail have received any greater or higher Drawback on Spirits made .or diililled in Ireland, and exported from thence to Great Eriteu, than the Duty and Drawback granted and allowed by this Ad, the ,Am0l,Bt of the ExCefs of such Duty so paid by any Perfon shall be repaid to the Perfon having paid the fame by the CommifiioDers of I

‘ Cuiloms and Port Duties in Ireland, and the Amount of the Excels I of such Drawback, so allowed to or received by any Perfon, shall | by such Perfon be repaid to the Commifiionere of Inland Excife and Taxes in such manner and under such Regulations as the said Com-mifhoners of Inland Exciie and Taxes shall for .that Purpofe order and direct.

X.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Act, all Duties of Cuiloms on Staves, the Growth or Production of the Brittfh Colonies or Plantations in America, imported into Ireland directly from thence, shall cease and determine and be no longer paid or payable, and that all such Staves shall be imported into Ireland free or Duty ; any thing in any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, immediately before the palling of this Ad, to the contrary notwithilanding.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Draw-backs in this Ad mentioned, and also the Duties and Drawbacks in the Schedule hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in Briijfb Currency; and that all the said Duties fha.ll be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that all the (aid Duties, and all Drawbacks in this Ad and the said Schedule specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and received upon the several Articles and Things in this Ad and the Schedule hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained according to the Tale, Weight, Guage, Meafure or Value of the (aid Articles refpec-tively specified ; and also in Proportion upon any greater or lefs

. Number, Weight, Quantity, Meafure or. Value of such Articles, Matters and Things respectively,

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Ad granted 011 the.Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and fet forth in this Ad, and the Schedule thereto annexed, shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and hferchandize, as shall not have been entered on or before the palling of this Ad, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, notwithilanding such Goods. Wares and Merchandize may have been imported into Ireland before the palling of this Ad.

XIU. -Provided always, aqd be it further enacted,. That the Duties granted, mentioned and fet forth in this Ad, and the said Schedule, shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein mentioned *$, having been imported into

,	Ireland,

A.D.iBii

5.1* GEO- ID.	jC.,86.	z6s

Ireland, /hall have been or shall be warehoofed, or shall have been secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof having been first paid, and shall reniain so warehoused or secured on the said Firit Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, in pur-fuance or by Authority of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force for that Purpose, although such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been imported before the pa/fing of this Ad: Provided Provife. always, that such Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, until the Duties which such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall have been subject to before the palling of this Ad (hail be payable by Law.

XJ V. Provided always, and be it cn^ded, That in all cases where Additional Du. the Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of any tie* bonded. Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Ireland, are permitted to be secured by Bond, or otherwise, by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation, the Duties by this Ad, and the Schedule thereto annexed; granted or iinposed, may in like manner, and under the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Rond or otherwise.

-	XV. And be it further epa&ed. That, from and after the .palling Foreign Raw of this Ad, Raw* Sugar, the Growth or Produdion of any Foreign Sugar *are~ Country oi/'Place, legally imported into Ireland, may be lodged and houtod in Ire-fecured in Warehoufes in Ireland, without Payment at the time of

the first Entry of such Sugar, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof, in like manner and under the like Rules, Regulations and Reftridions, as Sugar of the Growth or Produce of the British Plantations in the IVeJl Indies, or of the Growth or Produce of toe East Indies ; any thing in anv Ad or Ads in force in Ireland to the contrary in any wife aotwithftanding.

-	XVI. And, for the better fecunng of the Payment of all Duties payable in the fevecal Ports of Ireland, and applicable'to the Maintenance of Light Houfes in any Part of the United Kingdom, be it

further enaited, That, from and after the pafiing of thu Ad, the Payment or Collectors of His Majcfty’s Cuftoms, Comptroliers, Receivers of Lghthoui'e i'u. Entries, Surveyors, or Searchers, Waiters, and all other Officers of j,e*,n 1>aru the Cuftomb whatever, or their respective Deputies or Clerks, at any r of the Port8, Harbours or Places in Ireland, shall not take or receive any Entry or Cocket, or other Difcharge or Clearance, or tike any Report outwards for any Ship or Veflel liable or subject to the Paymeut of any such Duties, until all such Duties as every such Veflel shall be liable or subject to in respect of any Light House or Light Houfes which such Veflel shall have passed, or Ihall be about to pass, in the Courfe of her Voyage to or from such Port, Harbour or Place, shall have been duly paid to the respective Perfons appointed or entitled to collect such Duties, nor until the Mafler or Owner of every such Ship or Veflel shall (hew and produce a Receipt for such Duties accordingly, to the Officers required to take or receive any such Entry, Cocket, Difcharge, Clearance or Report Outwards as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Dutiei an* Duties and Drawbacks hereby mentioned and granted and allowed Drawbacks shall be raised,levied,colleded and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs Ji^of 14& and Succtflors, in the fame manner and under, such Powers and Au- 15 Car.». ScfT.4. tboraies, and by such Ways and Methods, and under such Rules and c. 8. 46 G. 3.

“	Directions,	* 106, &c.

t

266	CSS.	51 GEO. m.	A«D.i8u«

Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appoint, cd, directed and expressed, for the railing, collecting, levying and paying, and managing of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in and by sin Aft of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An A3 for settling the Excife or new Imboft upon ffh Majesty, bis Heirs and Suceejfors, according to the nook of Rein therein infertsd; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majcfty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the several A3s relating to the Revenues, Mattert nnd Things under the Management of the Commissioners of CuJhms and Port Duties, and of the Commifjioncrs of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, us fully and effeftuaUy, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the laid Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and For. feitures were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the rarty or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Aft palled in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reiga of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Aft or Afts as aforeiaid, is provided, feontmuagee of XVIII. And be it further enacted. That this Aft shall be and Aft.	continue	in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoa&nd

eight hundred and twelve, and no longer.

Aft maybe	XIX. And he it further enacted, That this Aft may he altered,

altered, to	amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this prefect

Seffion of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

	Duties	briwlocb.
•	£ '• d.	£ *• t.
Liquorice Juice, or Ball, the cwt.	% JO 0	
Liquorice Powder, the cwt. •	4 IS O	% 6 e
Liquorice Root, the cwt. - * -	» *3 4	1 6 1
Hemp, via.  ■1 — dressed, imported in a Britiftv-built Ship, the cwt.	4 p 0	mm
...... not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.	440	mm
■ ■— ■■■ rough or undressed, or any other vegetable Subllance of the Nature or Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the fame Purposes, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.	078	0 3 10
..... . not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.	088	030
rough or undressed, or any other vegetable Subllance in the Nature or Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the fame Purposes, the Produce of the BritHh Plantations in America, or imported from Great Britain, having been imported into England by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.	068	
Cordage, tarred or uutarred, not being of the Msnufafture of Great Britain, whether in use or otherwise, (Standing or Running Rigging in use excepted) and all Cable Yarn, not being the Manufacture of Great Britain, the cwL	0 18 0	•
Twine, not being the Manufacture of Great Britain, the cwt.	160	—
Cotton Wool, imported into Ireland in -any Ship or Veflel, not being a Britifli or Irifla-built Ship or Veflel, the | zoo lbs. « - - -	1 S *	1 S b

51* GEO. Ill,

26j

CAP. LXXXVII.

An AQ. for allowing the Manufacture and Ufe of a Liquor prepared from Sugar for colouring Porter, and for indemnifying Perfons who have manufactured or used such Colouring.

[26th June 1811»]	*

9 YT7HEREAS by ati'Aft made in the Forty second Year 41G.4. g,*# •' W of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,	’	3

9 intituled, An AB for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on 9 Beer and Ale brewed in or imported into Great Britain; on Malt 9 made in Great Britain ) on Hods grown in or imported sntp Great 1 Britain; and on Spirits distilled in Ireland and imported into Great 1 Britain 5 for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and 9 Ale ; and for preventing Frauds and Abufes In the Revenue of Ex-9 cife on Beer9 Ale and Malt> it was enacted, That no Perfon or Per- | ^

9 fons should mix, compound, fabricate, manufacture or prepare, or 9 cause, procure, permit or suffer to be mixed, compounded, fabri-

•	cated, manufactured or prepared from Beer Grounds, Stale Beer,

•	Sugar Water, Diftillers’ Spent Wasti, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol,

4 Quaffia, Coculus India?, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper,

9 Opium or any other Material or Ingredient whatever (except 1 Malt and Hopeh any Liquor to imitate or resemble or to be mixed

•	with or used as Beer or Ale brewed or made from Malt and Hope;

9 nor should fell, dispose of, fend or deliver, or cause to be fold,

•	difpofed of, sent or delivered to any Brtwer or Brewers of, or

•	Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers or Retailer or Retailers of 9 Beer or Ale, or to any other Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, any 9 such Liquor so mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured or

•	prepared as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence 9 the Sum of' Two hundred Pounds ; and all such Liquor so mixed,

9 compounded, fabricated, manufactured or prepared as aforesaid,

9 and also all the Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Dittillera*

9 Spent Waft!, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indise,

•	Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium and every other Ma-

•	terial or Ingredient whatsoever as aforesaid (other than Malt and 9 Hops) in the Cuftody or Poffeflion of such Perfon or Perfons, to*

9 gether with evenr Copper, Cooler, Back, Tun, Vat or other Veffel 9 or Utenfil whatsoever in which any such Liquor, Material or In-9 gradient should be contained, or wnich shall have been made ufe'

9 of or employed for or in the mixing, compounding, fabrieating,

9 manufacturing, preparing or keeping any inch Liquor; and all 9 such Liquor, Materials, and Ingredients, together with every such 9 Copper, Cooler, Back, Tun, Vat or other Veffel or Utenfil as 9 aforesaid should be forfeited and might be seized by any Officer or 9 Officers of Excife 5 and that no Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer 9 or Desire in, or Seller or Sellers of Beer or Ale should receive or 9 take into his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion any Stale Beer 9 or Beer Grounds, or should mix or mingle with any Beer or Ale 4 any Liquor compounded, fabricated or prepared from Beer 9 Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, DifliUers* Spent Wa(b, Sugar,

•	Melasses, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus India?, Grains of Paradise,

9 Guinea Pepper, Opium' or other Material or Ingredient (except.

•	Malt and Hops) or ia the Fabrication, Manufacture or Preparation

_	f...................................... •	whereof

A.D.i8n.

Duty cm Beer Colouring,

Fntrv of Liquor weekly.

Penalty.

Liquor made by

a licenfrti Co-loirrine Maker, ftc. liable u> Duty.

Not clea'ing off, Double Duty.

Penalty.

H >w far Maker to «o to make kntiy.

C.87.	51* GEO. III.

*	whereof any Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, DiftilW

*	Spent Walh, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol, Quaflia, Cocuhis Indiae,

* Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium or any Material or 4 Ingredient (other than Malt and Hops) was or fhouki be mixed,

*	employed or made use of, nor Ihould have, receive or take into his,

*	her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion any Liquor compounded, fabri-

*	cated or prepared as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting for every fuch

*	Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds: * And whereas it is

*	expedient to allow the Preparation and Ufe of Liquor prepared

*	and made from Burnt Sugar only, reduced to a Liquid by Solution

*	in Water, under, subject and according to the Rules, Regula-

*	tions, Reftridtions and Provifions hereinafter contained, provided,

*	fettled or eftablilhed of and concerning the fame;' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Adi there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid to and for the Ufe of His said Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for every Gallon of Liqnor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colouring9 prepared or made from Burnt Sugar reduced to a Liquid by Solution in 'Water, to be mixed with Beer commonly called or known by the Name of Porter, for the Purpofe of colouring the fame, the Sum of Ten Shillings per Barrel, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof.

II.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of such Liquor, shall once in every Week make a true Entry in Writing at the Office of Excife, within the Limits of which, he, Ihe or they shall so make any fuqh Liquor, of all such Liquor by him/ her or them so made within such Week, which Entry shall be verified upon Oath by the Maker or Makers of such Liquor, or his, her or their Chief Workman or Servant employed in making such Liquor, and all and every such Maker or Makers who shall neglect or refuse to make any such Entry as aforesaid, shall, for each and every such Negledl or Refufal, forfeit and lose thd Sum of Two * hundred Pounds.

III.	And be it further enacted. That all Liquors wliatfoever prepared or made by any Perfon or Perfons who shall be licensed under or by virtue of this Adi as a Maker or Makers of Liquor, commonly called or known by the Name of Colourings prepared or made as aforesaid, to be mixed as aforesaid, for the Purpofe aforesaid, and which by Mixture with Beer comriionly called or known by the Name of Porter will darken the Colour thereof, shall be liable to the £aid Duty.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of such Liquor shall from time to time within One Week after he, Ihe or they shall make or ought to have made such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the Duty for all such Liquor so by him, her or them made; and that every Maker or Makers of such Liquor as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse so to pay and clear off any such Duties as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay dohble the Amount of all such Duties so neglected or refused to be paid or cleared off: Provided always, nevertheless, that no Perfon ihall be compelled to travel for the making of the faid* Entries dr Payment

of

yt° GEO. in.

C.S7.

269

of the said Duties further than the Market Town next to the Place where he, she or they shall so make the said Liquor.

V.	And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this A A imposed, as shall arise in England, IValet and the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy shall be under the Management of the Com-miflioners of Excife in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland* shall be under the Management of the Com-miffioner8 of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers pf any Liquor commqnly called or known by the Name of Beer Colouring, before he, (he or they shall begin to make any such Liquor, shall make a true and particular Entry in Writing of every House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room and Place by him, her or them refpettively made use of, or intended to be made use of, in or for the boiling, evaporating, burning, manufacturing, laying or keeping of any Sugar, or in or for the making, mixing, laying or keeping ef any such Liquor, or laying or keeping of any Sugar at the Office of Excife within the Compafs or Limits whereof such House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or Place rcfpe&ively, shall be fifuate, and all and every Maker and Makers of the said Liquor shall aifo make true and particular Entry in Writing of every Boiler, Kettle, Copper or other Veflel by him, her or them, kept for or made use of in or for the boiling, evaporating, burning or manufacturing any such Sugar, or in or for the making or mixing any such Liquor at the Office of Excife within the Compafs or Limits whereof such Boiler, Kettle, Copper or other Veflel shall be kept or made use of; and if any Maker or Makers of any such Liquor shall negleCt to make any such Entry, he, {he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, together with all the Sugar, and all such Liquor and all the Preparatives for the making or manufacturing thereof, which shall at any time be found in any such House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or Place so made use of, or intended to be made use of as aforesaid, and whereof no such Entry as in that behalf aforesaid shall be made ; and also every such Boiler, Kettle, Copper or other Veflel whereof no such Entry as in that behalf aforesaid shall be made, and all such Sugar, Liquor, Preparatives, and also every such Boiler, Kettle, Copper or other Veflel whereof no such Entry as in that behalf aforesaid shall be made, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That no Perfon or Perfons whatsoever residing within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, shall make any Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colourings unless such Perfon or Perfons shall occupy a Tenement or Tenements of the yearly Rent or Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, and for which he, she or they shall accordingly be assessed in his, her or their own Name or Names, and /hall also p3y to the Parifh Rates; and that no Perfon or Perfons whatsoever residing in any other Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, where there are Rates to Church and Poor, shall make any such Liquor tmlefa such Perfon or Perfons refpcftively shall be assessed and pay to Church and Poor in the several Parifhes and Places in which such Perfon or Perfons shall respectively reside; and that no Entry of any House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or Place for the

making

Duties under Commiftioaers ot Excil'e.

M ikem of Colouring to malt^ Entry of Workhouse, Utcofik, &C.

Penalties.

Tn what cafe

only Entry of Place for nuking Colouring within Limits of Exci e Office in London valid.

Made by Occupier of Tenement dt 10I. in any other Place.



C. 8y.

ji* GEO. m.



^Tiere Entry of any Houle, fcc. for nuking Colouring, no other Entry by Others of any Place under the lame Roof or within the lame Tenement.

Makers of porter Colouring to take out locsom.

making of any such Liquor shall be of any Avail to any Perfon or Perfons not so qualified, or for any longer time than the Peifon or Perfons so making such Entry distil be Qualified as aforefatd $ and every Perfon making any such Liqilor and not qualified as afofefud shall, notwithstanding any Entry by him, her or them made, be deemed and taken to be a Perfon making such Liquor without Entry within the Meaning of this ACL

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That where any Entry shall be made by any Maker or Makers of such Liquor of any House, Workhouse,. Warchouse, Shed, Room or Place for the making of aoy such Liquor, no other Entry shall be made by any other Maker or Makers of any such Liquor (not being in rartnerfhip with such Maker or Makers making such first Entry 1, of the fame or of any other House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shea, Room or Place what-foever for the making of any such Liquor under the fame Hoof, or within the fame House or Tenement in which such firti Entry (haH then be exiiling, but every such Maker or Makers making such further Entry of the fame House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or Place, or of any other such House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or other Place under the fame Roof, or withia the fame House or Tenement, shall, notwithstanding such further Entry by him, her or them made, be deemed and taken to be a Maker or Makers of Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colouring, without Entry, aud subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Makers thereof without Entry are fub-jeCt to by virtue of this ACt.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon or Perfons who shall make any such Liquor shall, before he, (he or they shall make any such Liquor, take out a Licence and Licences, authorizing such Perfon or Perfons to make such Liquor, which Licences refpeCUvely shall be granted in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, if any such Licence (halt be granted to authorize the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame shall be granted to make any such Liquor within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excifc in London, the fame shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commiflioners of Excifc in England for the time being, or of such Perfons as they the said Commifiiooer* of Excife or the major Part of them for the time being shall from time to time appoint for that Purpofc; but if any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame shall be granted to make any such Liquor in any Part of the Kingdom of England out of the Limits of the said Chief Office, the fame shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Sup* rvifera of Excife within their refpeCtive Collections and DiilriCts; and in case any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame shall be granted to make any such Liquor within the Limits of the City p£ Edinburgh, the fame shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commiflioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being, or if any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the JPerfon or Perfons to whom the fame shall be granted to make any such Liquor in any Part of Scotland out of the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, then the fame shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Supervifors of Excife ia Scot-

/	land.

A.D.iSij,	ji»	GEO.	lit	C.	8/.	rvji

hati, wkkSa their refpe&ve CoDe€Hon* and Diftr&i; arid such respective Commiffionen of Excife or Two or more of them refpec* ttveljr and the Perfons to be appointed by the said Commissioners of Excue in England, or the major Part of them, and also all such Col* le&ors and SupetVifors are hereby respectively authorized and re* ouired to grant fuck Licences to the Perfons who shall apply for the fame, on the Perfon or Perfons applying for the Dune first paying the Sum of Fire Pounds for each such Licence.

X.	And he it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Jo whom % Money by this Aft directed to be paid for such Licences refpeftively

shall be paid for such refoeftive Licences to such Perfons as are ^ hereinafter in that behalf relpeftively mentioned; that is to fay9 such thereof as shall be paid for Licences which shall be taken out withm the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excife in London ; and such thereof as shall ha paid for Licences which shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excife in Edinburgh; and such thereof as shall be paid for Licences which shall he taken out in any Part of Great Britain, not within the said respective Limits, shall be paid to the respective Collectors of Excife granting such respective Licences.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons shall Licences sw make any such Liquor after the Expiration of such his, her or their yearijs Licence, unless fucn Perfon or Perfons shall take out a fre(h Licence

for the like Purpofe in the manner hereinbefore dirested, Ten Darn at lead before the Expiration of such former Licence, and so in Hite manner fenew every such Licence from Year to Year ; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall make any such Liquor without first taking out a Licence authorizing him, her or them so to do, and renewing the feme as is hereinbefore in that behalf directed, he, (he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two bun- Penalty, dred Pounds.

XII.	Provided always, That Perfons trading in Partnership and One Licence in One House or Shop only shall not be obliged to take out more £®c»ent for « than One Licence in any One Year, for making such Liguor; and Q^Houle.10 that no One Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Aft

shall authorize or empower any Perfon or Perfons to make any such Liquor in any other House, Work house, Warehouse, Shed, Room or other Place than such Houles, Workhouses, Warehouses, Sheds,

Rooms or other Places whereof Entry in Writing shall be made at the Office of Excife in the Name or Names of such rerfon or Perfons for making such Liauor at the time of granting such Licence.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Officer to emcf

to and for the Officers of Excife or any ot either pf them, from	luroy .

time to time and at all times, to enter into all and every the Houses,

Workhouses, Warehouses, Sheds, Rooms and other Places entered

or made use of by any Maker or Makers of the said Liquor in or for the boiling, evaporating, burning, manufacturing or keeping off any Sugar, or in or for the making of any such Liquor, and by	*	’

Weighing, gauge or otherwife' as to such Officer or Officers (haft fcem meet, to take an Account of the Quantities of Sugar fit or proper to be used or employed in the making of such Liguor an afaeefeid, and alio of the Quantities of such Sugar which mall bo boiling, evaporating, burning or in Operation of Manufacture for $	luck

A,D*j8it.

Makers of Beer Colouring to make use of no Ingredients but Brown Sugar. Penalty.

No Brewer, &c. to take out a Licence for making Beef Colouring.

Veil

Penalty*

Makers of

PcrterColouring or Brewers . having in Foljef-f»on M*. lasses,. Vitriol, dec. ^

€. 8'?.	jiffGEO^ICr.-

•

fucR Liqtor, and aKb’ of the Quantities of such Liquor ar shall be either making or.preparing dr made or prepared in the Cuftody or Pofleflicin of such Maker or Makers of such Liquor from time to time, and of all such Liquor for or in refpeff whereof the Doty by this Aft imposed fksfli be chargeable -and shall not have been charged, make a Report or Return in Writing to the laid Com-miffioners of Excife nefpe&ively, or to such Perfon. as. they shall refpe&ivelv appoint to receive the fame, and such Report or Return of the Officer or Officers shall be a Charge upon inch Maker or Makers.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That no Maker or Makers of Liquor, subject to the Duty imposed by this Ad, shall, in the Making, Manufadure or Preparation thereof, make use of any Material or Ingredient other than Brown Sugar and {Water; and if any Maker or Makers shall,'in the Making, Manufadure or Preparation of any such Liquor, make use of any Material or Ingredient other than Brown Sugar and Water, the Perfon orPerfons so offend* injr shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum oFTwo hundred Pounds, together with all such Liquor in the Making, Manufaduring or Preparation whereof any Material or Ingredient other than Brown Sugar and Water shall have been made use of,' and* the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

XV J Provided always nevertheless, That no Brewer or Brewers of Beer or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, nor any Druggift or Druggifts, Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, nor any Chymift or Chymists, Apothecary or Apothe-•caries, shall he at Liberty to take out any such Licence as herem-before mentioned; nor shall any such Licence, if taken out by any such Brewer or Brewers, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, or by any Druggift or Druggifts, or Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or by any Chymift or Chymists, Or by any Apothecary or Apothecaries, be of anv Avail, but the fame shall be null and void to all Intents and Purpofos whatsoever 5 nor shall any Brewer or Brewers of Beer, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, or any Druggift or Druggifts, or Vender or Venders, or Seller or Sellers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or any Chymift or Chymists, or any Apothecary or Apothecaries, make any such Liquor or any other Material or Preparation for the Purpofe of darkening the Colour of Beer or any Liquor, such as has been heretofore or as shall hereafter be made use of for or in the darkening of the Colour of Beer, on pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, together with all such Liquor and all Materials and Ingredients whatsoever, which shall be found in-his, her or their Cuftody or Pofteffion for making the fame; together with the Calks and Veffels containing the fame, and the fame respectively shall and may ‘fee foiled by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

XVI.. And be it further enacted, That no Maker or. Makers of jany such Liquor -as aforesaid, nor any Brewer or Brewers of Beer shall receive or take into his, her or their Cuftody or Pofteffion, any Melasses, Honey, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculns Indue, Grains of Faradise, Guinea Pepper or Opium, or any Extra£t or Preparation of Quaffia, Coculus Iodise, Graius afParadifoor Guinea Pepper, and 14	~	if

A.D.i8ii*

Si* GEO. III.

C87.

2/3

if any such Maker or Maker*, or Brewer or Brewers /kail receive into his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleffion any Melasses, Honey,

Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indix, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, or any Ex trad or Preparation of Quaffia, Coculus Indix, Grains of Paradise, or Guinea Pepper respectively, the fame respectively shall be Forfeited, together with the Calks, Veflels or other Pack- Penalty, ages containing the fame, and all such Melasses, Honey, Vitriol,

Quaffia, Coculus Indix, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Extrad or Preparation of Quaflia, Coculus Indix, Grains of Paradife or Guinea Pepper, Calks, Veflels or other Packages respectively, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and such Maker or Makers, or Brewer or Brewers in whose Cuftody or Poffef-fion any such Melasses, Honey, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indix,

Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, or Extrad or Preparation of Quaffia, Coculus Indix, Grains of Paradise, or Guinea Pepper shall be found, shall forfeit andlofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.. Penalty.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That no Druggift or Drug- Drurgiftcr gifts, or Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, nor Chymift felling any Chymift or Chymists, or Apothecary or Apothecaries, or other Perfon or Perfons whatever, shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause, pro- BeCr Colouring cure, permit or suffer to be fold, sent or delivered, to any licensed '

Maker or Makers of Liquor, for or in respect whereof a Duty is by this Ad imposed, knowing such Maker or Makers to be, or to be reputed to be a Maker or Makers of such Liquor, or shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause or procure to be fold, sent or delivered to any other Perfon or Perfons, for or on account of, or in trust for any such Maker or Makers, or shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause, or procure to be fold, sent or delivered to any licensed Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, knowing him, her or them to be so licensed, or to be reputed to be so licenled, or shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause or procure to be fold, sent or delivered, to any other Perfon or Perfons, for or on account of, or in trust for any such Brewer or Brewers, or Dealer or Dealers, or Retailer or Retailers, any Melasses, Honey, Liquorice,

Vitpol, Quaffia, Coculus Indix, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, or any Extrad or Preparation of Melasses, Honey, Liquorice,

Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indix, Grains of Paradife or Guinea Pepper respectively; and if any Druggift or Druggifts, or Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or any Chymift or Chymists, or any Apothecary or Apothecaries, or any other Perfon or Perfons whatever, shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause or procure, permit or suffer to be fold, sent or delivered, to any licensed Maker or Makers of the said Liquor, for or in respect whereof a Duty is by this Ad imposed, knowing such Maker or Makers to be or to be reputed to be a Maker or Makers of such Liquor, or shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause or procure to be fold, sent or delivered to any other Perfon or Perfons, for or on account of, or in trust for any such Maker or Makers, or shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause or procure to be fold, sent or delivered, to any licensed Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, knowing him, her or them to be so licensed, or to be reputed to be so licensed, or shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause or procure to be fold, sent or delivered to any other Perfon or Perfons, for or on account of or in trust for any fueh Brewer or Brewers, or Dealer or 51 Geo. III.	T	Deafen,

A.D.i8ti.

274	C/87.

51* ceo. in.

Dealers, or Retailer or Retailors of Beer, any Melasses, Honey, Li-^uorice, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indite, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, or any Extract or Preparation of Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus lndiae, Grains of Paradife or Guinea Pepper respectively; all such Mehfles, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus lndiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Ex-trad or Preparation of Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus Inaise, Grains of Paradife Or Guinea Pepper respectively Penalty.	ftiall be forfeited, and the fame respectively shall and may be seized |

by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and the Druggift or Druggisti, j Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or Chymift or Chymists, Apothecary or Apothecaries, or other rerfon or Perfons whatever, so offending, fhatl, for each and every stich Offence, Penalty.	forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

Officers autho-	XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be harmed to take	ful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excife, and all such Offi-

Samjde*, cers ^ hereby authorized and empowered to take at any time or times, a Sample or Samples of any Sugar or Liquor, at any time in the Cuftody or Pofleflion of any Maker or Makers of Liquor, commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colouring, paying for the fame if demanded the Value thereof; and in case any Maker or Makers of such Liquor as aforesaid, shall refuse to permit any such Officer or Officers to take such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, Upon his, her or their so paying for the fame (if demanded), such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for eich and every such Uffence, Pemlty.	forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred'Pounds.

Permits for	XIX.	And be it further enacted, That where any Maker or

Removal of Beer Makers of any Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Colouring. geer Co1ouring% duly licensed according to the Directions of this Aft, shall have Occafion to remove any such Liqtior from any futh bis, her or their entered House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Rborh or other Place, the Officer or Officers of Excife of the refpec-tive Divifions or Places where such entered House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or other Place shall be situated, shall without Fee or Reward, from time to time, upon a Requeft Note being made and delivered according to the Direftions of this Aft, by such Maker or Makers, grant and give a Permit in Writing, signed by the said respective Officer or Officers, expressing the Quantity of all such Liquor so to be removed, and expressing the Name and Names of the Perfon or Perfons from whom the fame is intended to be removed, and to whom the fame is to be removed, and that the Duty of such Liquor so intended to be removed has beea paid, and all Officers of Excife granting or giving any such Permit, mall limit and exptefs in such Permit the time within which the said Liquor in •	fuch Permit mentioned shall be removed, from and ottt of the Stock

of the Maker or Makers taking out such Permits, and also the time within which the said Liquor shall be delivered and received into the Brewhouse, House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or other Place, of the Perfon or Perfons respectively, to Whom the fame is so permitted to be sent.

No Permit	XX. And be it further enacted, That no such Permit for the Re*

without Requcft ttioval of any such Liquor shall be granted 6r be v'ifcd, OtaleTs such Note.	Maker or Makers requiring the fame shall make and fend, or deliver

to the Officer or Officers of Excife hereby authorized to grant

fuch

AJD.ilhi.

51* GEO. III.	C.871	375

such Permit, a Requeft Note in Writing, fpecifyirg the Name of the Perfon to whom such Liquor is intended to be sent, the Quantity of fiich Liquor intended to be removed, and for the Removal of which such Permit is required, and also the Number and Contents of the Calks, Veffek or other Packages containing the fame, and whether the fame it to be removed by Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance such Liquor is intended to be sent.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That no fueh Liquor as afore- At what Hours said Audi be removed or carried from one Part of this Kingdom to Colo,,™iSt0 he any other Part thereof, at any other time than between the Hours remo?ed* of Six in the Morning and Six in the Evening (except the fame is removing or carrying by a known common Stage Coach, or Waggon other Stage Carriage which nQially travel out of those Hours, or bj Water by a Ship, Veflel or Boat usually navigated in the fair Court* of Trade out of those Hours) nor shall any such Liquor be feat by any Maker or Makers of any such Liquor, from or out of his, her or their entered House, Work house, Warehouse, Shed, Room or other Place, at any othfr time than hetween the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Evening, on pain of forfeiting all such Li- Penalty.

2uor, (whether the fame be accompanied with a Permit or not) and 11 Boats,. Carta, Carriages, Horfes and Cattle made use of in the removing or carrying tie fame shall he forfeited, and the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Ctrftoms or ExcHe.

XXII.	And be it farther enacted, That no Liquor commonly Beer Colouring called or known by the Name of Beer Colouring, or f(/r darkening brought into any the Colour of Beer, shall be brought into any House, Warehouse, Brewhouis fltoithouse, Celiar, Room, Vault or other Place made use of by any ™h2,ut Brewer or Brewers of Beer commonly called Porter, without au enml’ authentic Permit granted and given according to the Dire&ious of this A€t; which Permit shall be produced to and left with the Officer of Excite under whose Survey such Brewer or Brewers shall then be, on paia of forfeiting all such Liquor so brought in without such Penalty.

Permit, and all such Liquor fhaU and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Brewer or Brewers Brewer keeping of Beer commonly called or known by the Name of Porter (hail Colouring in any deposit, (lore or keep any such Liquor as aforesaid, except during Plac? fxcef1 ca" tfee Time when the fame shall be brought forth for Ufe, in any «YrticuUrPw.-House, Warehouse, Storebouse, Celiar, Room, Vault or other Place* other than One particular House, Warehouse, Storehouse, Celiar,

Room, Vault or other Place whereof such Brewer or Brewers fhaU have made previous entry in Writing for that Purpofe at the next Office of Excife, on Pain of forfeiting, for every fpeh Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and alio all such Liquor found in any Penalty, such House. Warehouse, Storehouse, Celiar, Room, Vault or other Place of which no such Entry as kft aforesaid {hell have been made.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That no Brewer or Brewers Porter Brew* d Beet Other than Beer commonly called or known by the Napie of only permitted Porter, flffrfl make ufc of or have in hi*> her or their Cuflodyor to use Pcieffion any Liquor, Material or Preparation for colouring Beer Colourin& made bum Sugar under the Brovifionsof this A&, on Pain of for- Penalty, felting 4H such Liquor, Material or Preparation ; nor fhaU any luck Bwor or Btewev* makt «fc of any. fndh Liquor, Material or Pro-

T 2	paration

Penalty.

Officers authorized to enter Porter Brewers Celiars, Ac. and take an Account of Beer Colouring.

Increafe of Beer Colouring in a Porter Brewer's Stock forfeited.

Penalty.

Penalty.

Colouring deported with Intent to evade Duty.

paration as last aforesaid, in or for the darkening of the Colour of any Beer other than Porter; and if any Brewer or Brewers of Beer, other than Beer commonly called or known by the Name of Portert shall make use of or have in his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion any such Liquor, Material or Preparation ; or if any Brewer or Brewers of Beer commonly called or known by the Name of Porter shall make use of any such Liquor, Material or Preparation as last aforesaid, in or for the darkening of the Colour of auy Beer other than Porter, all and every such Brewer or Brewers respectively so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-ful to and for the Officers of Excife, or any or either of them, from time to time and at all times by Day and by Night upon his or their request (hut if in the Night in the Prefence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace) to enter into ail and every the Ware-houses, Storehouses, Rooms, Celiars, Vaults and other Places made use of by any Brewer or Brewers of Beer commonly called or known by the name of Porter, and by tailing, guaging or otherwise to take an Account of the Quantity and Quality of all the Liquors | commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colouring which shall at any time be in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of such Brewer or 1 Brewers.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted. That in case any Officer or

Officers of Excife shall at any time or times discover or find that the Quantity of Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colouring in the Stock, Cuftody or Poffeffion of any Brewer or Brewers of Beer commonly called or known by the Name of Porter%	.

exceeds the Quantity of such Liquor left in the Stock, Cuftody	J

or Poffeffion of such Brewer or Brewers on the taking of the last Account of such Stock added to the Quantity of such Liquor since received by Permit, the Quantity of Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colourings so found in Exeels, by whatever means the fame shall have been made, and whether the fame shall be mixed or mingled or unmixed or unmingled, shall be deemed	\

and taken to be made by such Liquor as lall aforesaid, for which	,

no Duty has been paid, and which had been privately brought in by such Brewer or Brewers without any Permit, and a Quantity equal to the Quantity so found in Excefs shall be forfeited and loft, and shall and may be seized by the Officer or Officers of Excife who shall discover the fame, from and out of the said Stock or Stocks in which such Quantity of Liquor shall be so found in Excess, and the Brewer or Brewers of Beer commonly called or known by the Name of Porter, in whose Stock such Quantity of Liquor so found

in Excefs shall be difeovered or found, shall aifo forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Liquot for j or in respect whereof a Duty is imposed by this A& shall be depo-sited, hid or concealed iii any Place or Places whatsoever, with an Intent to defraud His Majesty of any of the Duties by this A & imposed, or if any Liquor called or known either by the Name of Colouring or of Beer Colourings or fit or proper to serve as a Subfti-tute for any such Liquor for or in respect of which such Duty is imposed, or fit or proper for the darkening of the Colour of Beer,

A,D.i8iw.

510 GEO. Ill,

G 87.	277

fhaJI be deposited, hid or concealed 'with Intent to prevent the Dif-covery thereof by the Officers of Excife, all such Liquors respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and the Perfon or Perfons in whose Cuftody the fame shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; pcn*lty. and, the better to enable such Officer or Officers to discover such Liquor respectively so forfeited, if any such Officer or Officers shall have cause to suspect that any such Liquor shall be so deposited, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, then and in every such case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commiffiouers of Excife in England for the time being, or any Two or more of them, or before One or more Juftice or Juft ices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty where such Place or Places shall be, or in case such Place or Places shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Shire, Divifion or Place where such Officer or Officers shall suspect the fame to be deposited, hid or concealed, setting forth the Ground of his or their Sufpicion, it shall aud may be lawful to and for the said Coramiflioners, or any Two or more of them, or the Juftice or Justices of the Peace respectively, as the case may require, before whom such Oath shall be made if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant or War- Search War* pints under his and their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize rant and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night, then in the Prefence of a Conuable or other Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place and Places where he or they shall so suspect such Liquor to be so deposited, hid or concealed, and to leize and carry away all such Liquor which he or they shall then and there find so forfeited.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaAed, That if any Queftion shall Onux Prdanii. qrife, whether any Liquor which shall be seized as and for Liquor

forfeited under or by virtue of this Act, be Liquor of the Sort for or on which such Forfeiture is by this Adi imposed, the Proof of such Liquor not being Liquor of the Sort for or on which such Forfeiture is by this Adi imposed, shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon whatsoever No Beer Colourbeing a Maker of or Dealer in any such Liquor, or who is or shall ing Maker or be in any wife interested or concerned in the Trade or Bufinefs of Perfon interested making or dealing in such Liquor, or of brewing or dealing in or

retailing of Beer, shall, during such time as he, she or they shall be so fuJon of Aft.* interested or concerned in the Trade or«Bufinefs of making or dealing in such Liquor, or of brewing or dealing in or retailing of Beer, act as a Juftice of the Peace in any Matter or Tiling whatsoever which shall in any wife concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by this Adi; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adfc, presume to exercise any such Powers or Authorities, or do any Adi hereby authorized to be done by any Juftice or Justices of the Peace, all such Ads so executed or done by such Perfon or Perfons shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

t3

XXX. And

AJD.iSu.

278	CI7.	ft9	GEO. III.

Beer Colouring, - XXX. And be it father enacted, That aH the Liquor for or ia Sugat, Utends, rcfpe& whereof any Duty h by this ASt imposed, and ail the Sugar *c- haSCp° DiU" anc*/ Utenfib for the making thereof in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of tie*.a* CDa " any Maker or Makers of such Liquor, or of any Perfon or PerCooi to the Ufe of or in Truft for any such Maker or Makers, shall bt and are hereby made chargeable with all the Debts and Duties for ahy such Liquor in Arrear and owing by such Maker or Makers for any such Liquor so made by him, her or them, or in his, her or their House, Workhoose, Warehoufc, Shed, Room or other Place, and shall also be subject and liable to satisfy all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Maker or Makers, or other Perfon or Perfons using such House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Roots or other Place for any Offence against this A& relating to the dud Duties 5 and it shall and may be lawful in ail such cases to levy such Debts, Duties and Penalties on such Liquor, Sugar, Utenfil* or any of them, and to use such Proceedings as may be lawfully done ia relation to any such Liquor, Sugar or Utenfils respectively, in case the Debtors or Offenders were the true and lawful Owners of the fame.

Obftrufling	XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon orPtrfas

Officers.	wbatfoever shall assault, refill, oppose, moled, obftruA or hinder any

Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife in the due Execution of this A61, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby gives or granted to any such Officer or Officers, or shall by Force or Violence, after any such Officer or Officers /hall have seized any Liquor Cad, Veffel or other Package, or any Boiler, Kettle, Copper or other Veffel aforesaid as forfeited by virtue of this A6Sfc, refeue or caufc to be refeued any such Liquor Calk, Veffel or other Package afore, fold, or any such Boiler, Kettle, Copper, Vat or other Vefltf aforesaid, or shall attempt or endeavour lb to do, or shall destroy, Have, break or damage any such Calk, Veffel, or other Package, Boiler, Kettle, Copper, Vat or -other Veffel, ail and every such Perfon or Perfons so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, Penalty.	forfeit	and	lofe	the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Bribing Officer*. XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever shall give or offer to give any Bribe, Recompence or Reward whatsoever to any Officer or Officers of Excife, in order to corrupt, persuade or prevail upon any such Officer or Officer*, either to do or perform any A61 or A6ls, Thing or Things whatfo-ever contrary to the Duty of such Officer or Officers in the Execu-tion of this A6t, or to neglect to do or perform any A61 or Adi, Thing or Thiuga whatsoever belonging or appertaining to the Bufinefs and Duty of such Officer and Officers in the Execution of 1 this A61, or to connive at or conceal any Fraud or Frauds relating to any of the Regulations by this Adi enacted, or not to discover the j feme, all and every such Perfon or Perfon9 so offending shall, for I each and every such Offence, whether such Offer or Propo&J be Penalty.	accepted	or	not,	forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

4% G,3.c. 38.	* XXXIII. And whereas by the said recited Adi of the Forty

* second Year of the Reign of His prefont Majetty, several Perfon*

4 may have incurred Penalties and Forfeitures under and by virtue of ‘ some or One of the Claufes therein contained for having aaww-« fadlured, fold or delivered, or caufod to be mmwfadhirtd, Ibid or f delivered to Brewers or to Perfons for the Ufe of Brewers,

< Colouring

j

A*D.i8u.



518 GEO* HI*

C8>

V9

€ Colouring made from Sugar without any Intention of Fraud, am}

* several Brewers may, without any Intention of fraud, have aUb € incurred Penalties and Forfeitures for having received into his, her ‘ or their Cuftody and Poffefiion such Colouring; and it is expedient < that Relief should be given in the cases before mentioned y Be it Penalties r* therefore enured, That where any Perfon by the (aid recited Claufe* of the said A# shall, without any Intention of Fraud, have incurred any Penalty or Forfeiture for having fa manufactured, fold or deli* vered to Brewers, or to other Perfons for the Ufe of Brewers, Colouring made from Sugar; and that where any Brewer by *virtue of the said recited Claufes of the said Ad shall, without any Intention of Fraud, have incurred any Penalty or Forfeiture for having receive^ into his, her or their Cuftody and PofTeifion Colouring made from Sugar, all and every of them shall be and is hereby indemnified and discharged from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures so incurred by them ns aforesaid, and of and from all Suits and Profecutions for or on account thereof; any thing in this Ad or the (aid recited Ad of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV* Provided always. That nothing in this Ad contained Proyifofor shall extend to or prevent the further Profeqution of any Aftiona or A&ions before Suits which may have been commenced before the First Day of June Juno *• 1811 * One thousand eight hundred and eleven, against any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever for any of the Offences, Penalties or Forfeiture? above mentioned*

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penalties how Forfeitures imposed by this Ad, shall be sued for, recovered, levied recovcre^

or mitigated by such Means, Ways or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or LawB of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bui, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record gt m'tnjUr, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeitures shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffor9, and the other Moiety to him, her or them, who shall inform, discover or sue for the fame.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arifimj Application of by the Licences by this Ad required (the necessary Charges of rait Money arifiog jng and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time hy Licences, be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty's Exchequer at tPcJlminfler*

as Patt of and together with the Duties on Beer, and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be considered to and made Part of $he Fund called the Con^ folidated Fund.

XXXVII.	And be it further epded, That if apy Adfon 9J Limitation of Suit ftiall be brought or be commenced against any Perfon or per- Aft ions, ions, for any thing by him, her or them >dor^e, by -virtue or in jxur-

fuaace of this Ad, such Adion or Suit shall be commenced .within Three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid jn the proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants in fuck Adion or Suit /hall or mpy plead the General Ifsue, and give th^s General IfTut' Ad and the foecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if afterwards a Ve.rdid shall pals for the Defendant qr fir the Plaintiff or plaintiffs fhaU difcontipvve hi?, her or T 4	their

lio

A.D.1811.

Treb'e Coftv.

Powers of 12 Car. 2. c. 24. and other A6t* extended to Att.

Commencement of A£t*

C. 87, 88, 89.	51* GEO. III.

their Aftion or Suit, or be ’nonsuited, or Judgment shall be giren against him, her or them upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cods to be awarded to him, her or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXXVIII.	And be it farther enabled. That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by an ACt made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King- Charles the Second, intituled, yIn A& for taking away the Court of Words and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majesty’s Revenue of Excife are provided or established for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, ad* judging or ascertaining the Duties thereby imposed, or any of them, fhaff be practised, used and put in Execution in ana for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering and pay* ing tnc Duties of Excite by this ACt imposed, and for preventing, deteding and punishing Frauds relating thereto as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if all and every the said Powern, Rales, Directions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-ena6ted in this present A A.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That this ACt shall commence and take EffeCt as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no Special Commencement is hereby directed or provided from and immediately after the palling of this ACt.

CAP. LXXXVIII,

An ACt for raising the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pound* by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven. [26th June 1811.] 44 IRISH Treasury may iffuc Bills to a certain Extent to bear In-44 terest. § 1. Bills ifTued not to exceed £ 200,000. Bills, if not paid oft, shall be taken in Payment of the Revenue in Ireland, 44 after such time as the Treasury shall appoint, and Intereft shall “ ccafe. $ 2, 3. Money to be carried to the Irijh Consolidated 44 Fund. § 4. Said Bills to be chargeable thereon. $ 5. Bank of 44 Ireland empowered to advance £ 200,000. on the Credit of this “ ACt. § 6.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An ACt to increase the Salary of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.	[26th	June	1811.]

*	‘TT7HEREAS, in compliance with an Addrefs of the House 4 W of Commons of Ireland, the Salary and Appointments at-4 tached to the Office of Lord Lieutenant of Ireland were in the

4 Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty three fixed by His 1

*	Majefly at Twenty thousand Pounds by the Year: And whereas ' 4 the fame have been found pf late Years quite inadequate to the

* Expences necessarily incident to the Dignity and due Maintenance , 4 of that high and important Office: And whereas in confequence

‘ of

A«D.i8i*.

5r GEO. III.	C.	89,	go.

*	of His Majesty’s Meffage to the House of Commons the Ninth

*	Day of May One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Commons 4 of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland did by their 4 Addrefs humbly request His Majesty that he would be gracioufl^

*	pleafed to direct such Increafe to be made to the Salary of the 4 laid Office, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds by the Year, ai ‘ to His Majesty should seem necessary: And whereas, in compliance 4 with the laid Address, His Majesty was pleased to authorize the 4 Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being to give the necessary 4 Orders for issuing and paying out of his Trealure or Revenue in the 4 Receipt of his Exchequer in Ireland applicable to the Civil Lift 4 Eftablifhment there, the Sum of ten thousand Pounds yearly, in 4 Addition to the Salary of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, from 4 the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred 4 and nine: And whereas the said Orders were given, and the faid

*	Sum hath been hitherto paid accordingly: And whereas under 4 the Provifions of an Aft of Parliament passed in Ireland in the

4 Thirty third Year of His Majefty's Reign, intituled, An AS for 33G-3*(*-)

4 the Support of the Honour and Dignity of Hie Majejly's Crown in c* 34*

4 Ireland, and for granting to Hit Majesty a Civil Lijl EJlabljJhment 4 under certain Provifions and Regulations, certain yearly Sums either

*	afeertained by the said Aft, or capable of being afeertained from 4 time to time according to certain Modes thereby established, are 4 directed to be paid to His Majesty and his Succeffors for the Sup-4 port of the Civil Lift Eftablifhment: And whereas the Salary of 4 the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of 4 Ireland for the time being, is one of the Charges payable out of ' the laid Fund, and the said Fund may not be fuJfficient to pay the 4 fame Increafe of the said Salary in Addition to the other Charges 4 payable thereout May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the fame. That, over and above the said io/x»LI.C.

several Sums so payable yearly under the Provifions of the said recited tol’e

Aft, there be issued and paid out of the Confolidated Fund of Ire- Salary1©!* the

land such Sum in each and every Year, not exceeding the Sum of L.ordLiet*en*tu.

Ten thousand Pounds Irijb Currency, as, together with the said Fund

so granted by the said Aft, shall be necessary and sufficient to dif-

charge the said additional Salary of Ten thousand Pounds yearly,

over and above all and every the Charges and Payments to which the

said Fund would from time to time lawfully be subject if this Aft

had not been passed and the laid additional Salary had not been granted

or ordered, and that the fame shall be payable and paid by Warrant

of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or Lords Commiilioners for

executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the

time being, or auy Three of them.

CAP. XC.

An A ft for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of (fie Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances

T'eafury toHTue Four Months Pay in advance.

Bates of Pay.

Allowance for Contingencies.

Clodfep

Rates of Pay when an Furlough.

lowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.	[26th June 1811.]

*	TT 7 HE REAS it is necessary that Provifion should be made for

*	W defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing* of the 1 Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for

*	One Year, from the. Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand

*	eight hundred and elevenBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of me Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeut Parliament afiemhled, and by the Authority of the fame. That for every County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, where the Militia is or shall be raised, the Lords Commissioners of Hia Majefty1 s Treasury in Ireland shall issue and pay out of the Confohdated Fuad of Ireland the whole Sums required, in the manner and for the fevend Ufes hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, for the Pay of the (aid Militia at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day for each Adjutant, Pay-matter and Surgeon respectively, where an Adjutant, raymafteror Surgeon is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter Matter where a Quarter Matter is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence per Day for each. Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Six Pence per Week tor each Serjeant Major and Quarter Matter Serjeant, where a Serjeant Major and Quarter Matter Serjeant are appointed ; and at the Rate of One Shitting per Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Six Pence per Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shiding per Day for each Filer so resident as aforesaid ; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two Pence per Day for each Corporal fb resident •ft aforesaid, and alio at the Rate of Four Pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences df each Regiment and Battalion of Militia; One Penny whereof ihall be applied for defraying the Hofpital Expences of each Regiment or Battalion during the time of the Men being from Home upon account of their annual Exerciie ; and also for the Clothing of the Militia for such County, after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings for each Serjeant, and Two Pounds for each Drummer, with ibt Addition of One Pound for each Serjeant Major and each Drum Major $ and at the Rate of Two Pounds for each Corporal, whea fitch Serjeants, Drummers, Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors and Corporals, have not been clothed within Two Years ; and, with respect to the Private MRitia Men, at the Rate of One Pound Twelve Shil iinga for each Private Militia Man, when sech Private Militia Mei have not been clothed within Four Years: Provided always, that wthere any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be absent on Fui> lough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall, during such Abfence, receive the Rates of Pay following ; that is to fay, every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of Eight Pence and every Drummer the Sum of Six Pence per Day reflectively, and no more, and it ffiril be lawful for the Lord Lieu-terant or other Chief Governor or Governors #f Ireland for the time bring, to direct that aiiy feeh Pay shall be from lime to time iflued

*>r

A»D'i8n

519 GEO. Ill*	C.90.	283

by the laid Lords Commifliooers of His Majefty*s Treasury in Ire* land, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time when fuck Advances shall be made.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Governor or CoUnel to c«r-Govemora, or Deputy Governors, at a General Meeting to be held tify to Treasury for any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, shall have ®*y*	E*«r-

fixed the Days of Exercife for the Militia, the Colonel or Command- cife,&c* ing Officer shall, as soon as may be, certify the fame to the Lords Coflcouffioners of His Maiefty’s Treasury in Ireland, fpecifyine the Number of Men and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home on account of such Exercife, not exceeding in the whole Twenty eight Days ; and the Lords Commiffioiiera of His Majesty’s Treasury to pay Treasury in Ireland are hereby required within Fourteen Days after Sum* herein the Receipt of such Certificate, to i(Tue and pay out of the Confoli- specified. dated Fund of Ireland, at the Rate of Ten Shilling» per Day for the Captain of each Company,, at the Rate of Five Shillings and Eight Pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of Four Shilling* and Eight Pence pir Day for each Ensign, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Six Pence per Day for each Afliftant Surgeon, and also at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, for any Number of Days not exceeding Twenty eight, during which such Men shall be absent from Home on account of. their Attendance at such Place of annual Exercife.

* XI. And whereas it is expedient to make some Addition to the 1 Pay of certain Subaltern Officers, and to AflifUnt Surgeons of the * Militia Forces of Ireland during Peace, under certain Regulations;*

Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the difembodying Annual Allow of the Militia Forces in Ireland, certain annual Allowances, over ana ince to Subal-above the Pay to which during Peace they are now entitled, shall tern °.ffice” for the future be allowed and paid to such Subaltern Officers and AflHlant Surgeons to the Amount, under the Reftri&ions, and in the q ^ c g9< manner hereinafter expressed $ that is to fay, to every Subaltern of the said Militia, who mail have at any time previous to the Expiration of Four Months from the patting of an A& of the last Seffion of Parliament, intituled, An AS for defraying until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and, eleven, the Charge of ibe Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland ; andfor making Allow* once* in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peaee% been appointed to a CommUbon in the said Militia, or who, previous' to the Expiration of Four Months from the palling of this Aft shall be appointed to a Commission, and who shall have continued faithfully to serve in the fame Corps, until the difembodying thereof, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds per Annum shall be allowed and paid over and above the Pay to which they may be by Law entitled during Peace, and over and above any Dedu&ion of any Kind, or for any Purpofc whatsoever; and to every Afllftant Surgeon a like Allowance of Twenty five Pounds per Annua* in the manner hereinafter mentioned*

XIL Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Per (bn Exceptions, who is or (hail at any time hereafter become possessed of such an,

Eftate or Income, as would by Law entitle him to hold a Captain’s Commiffion in the Militia of a County at large in Ireland, or who is or ihaU be at any time hereafter appointed Adjutant or Paymafter in any Regiment or .Battalion of the laid Militia, nor any Perfbn deriving.

in

2«4

€.93.

5 tc GEO. in.

A.D.i8u.

Subdters claiming Allowances to take the foU ' lowing Oath:

Oath.

in any way what foe ver, otherwise than as a Subaltern or Affiftant Surgeon of the said Militia, any Income, Stipend or Allowance what-foever from the Public, nor any Officer on the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, wno shall also hold a Subaltern's Com-million in the said Militia, shall have or be in any wife entitled to the said annual Allowance or any Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surgeon of the Militia of Ireland, who shall claim under the Authority of this A6t to receive any such annual Allowance, shall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle himself thereto, annually take and subscribe an Oath before some one of His Majefty's Justices of the Peace for the County, or County of a City, or County of a Town, in Ireland, to which the Regiment or Battalion iu which he serves shall belong, in the Words or to the Effed following-; videlicet,

4 J A.B. do swear, That 1 am fervitig a9 a Subaltern Officer [or

*	Affiftant Surgeon, as the case may hej in the

4	Regiment	or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland ; and that

•	* I am not in my own Right, or iu Right of my Wife, nor have

*	been, fmee difembodying of the said Regiment or Battalion, iu 4 the actual Poffiffion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and

*	Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of such an annual

*	Value above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a Captain's 4 Commiffion in the Militia of a County at large in Ireland; and

* that I am not, nor have been fiuce the difembodying of the faid

*	Regiment or Battalion, an Adjutant or Paymafter in any Rcgi-4 ment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland; that I do not hold 4 or enjoy, nor have held or enjoyed, nor docs nor has any Perfon

*	for me hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed since the difembodying 4 the said Regiment or Battalion, any Office or Income wbatfoever 4 from the P.ublic; and that I am not entitled either to the Full

*	or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, nor have been since 9 the difembodying of the said Regiment or Battalion.

* So help me GOD.'

juftices to tranf- Which Oatb so taken and fubferibed, shall be by the said Juftice mit Oaths to forthwith certified and tranfinitted, and he is hereby required to certify and transmit the fame to the Colleftor of Excife of the Diftnd id which the County, County of a City or County of a Town shall be situate, to which such Regiment or Battalion of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon shall be theu serving shall belong, to be by him filed and preserved for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned.

Subalterns to .it- XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer ttnd annual Ex- or Affiftant Surgeon of the said Militia who shall be entitled, or claim crciCe.	to be entitled to the Benefits of this Ad, shall regularly attend the

annual Exercife and Training of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, during the whole of the Twenty eight Days by Law ^required for that Purpofc, and shall, during that time, pundually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon Penalty.	of such Regiment or Battalion, on Pain of forfeiting the said annual

Allowance, as well as the Reft of his Pay, and every Part thereof w hich may be due for the current Year m which he shall negled

V

CoHeflors of Excife.

A.D.iSir.

GEO. III. -	G90.	285

or refuse to attend 5 and Certificates of his having so attended and- Certificates of

performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Re-

giment or Battalion to which he may belong, shall be transmitted Commanding^

by the said Commanding Officer to the Coliedor of Excife of the oificer to Col-

Diftrid in which the County, County of a City, or County of a lettor of Excite.

Town is iituate, to which such Regiment or Battalion in which fuch

Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon is then serving shall belong,

to be by the said Colledor received previous to any such Subaltern

Officer or Affiftant Surgeon being entitled to demand or receive the

said annual Allowance, or any Part thereof; and in case any such Reafon for

Subaltern Officer, or Affiftant Surgeon, claiming to be entitled to Leave of Ab-

such annua] Allowance, shall be by his Commanding Officer permitted

or suffered for any special Caufe or unavoidable Neceffity, to be absent m *

during the whole or any Part of such annual Exercife, (in which cafe

it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave

of Abfcncc 5 and for such Subaltern Officer, or Affiftant Surgeon,

who may be so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive the

said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in like manner as if

he had attended during the whole of the annual Exercife), the Rea-

fons for such Abfence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be

carefully and truly specified in the Certificates before mentioned,

figned by the Commanding Officer, to be by him transmitted as

foon as conveniently may be to the Collector of Excife for the Dif-

trid in which such County, County of a City, or County of a Town,

to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, is situate, and to

the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor

or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That in case If Militia not any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, after the difem- nalI^dE^ct^can* bodying thereof, at any time shall not be called out for the annual Subalterns (lilt Exercife and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer and Affiftant entitled to Al-Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment or Battalion, and coming lowance. within the Defcriptions of this Adi, who shall have taken the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, before any such Juftice of the Peace as

aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said annual Allowance, as if such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon had regularly attended thef annual Exercife and Training of such Regiment or Battalion during the whole of the Twenty eight Days by Law required for that Pur-pose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Com* manding Officer pf such Regiment or Battalion, had been tranf-mitted to the Colledor of Excife for the Diftrid in which such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong is situate, according to the Di-redions of this Ad ; any thing contained in this Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificate as* Allowances paid aforesaid of such Juftice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as

aforesaid, or where any Regiment or Battalion shall not have been called out to their annual Exercife as aforesaid, upon Certificate of any such Juftice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Colledors, it shall and may be lawful for such Collec- r tors and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Affiftant Surgeons the annual Allowance above mentioned, in addition to their Pay, without any Dedudion 6-	what-

A.D.iSn.

a8 6	C.90. 51® GEO. III.

Subalterns not attending when called upon.

Penalty.

Allowance paid by Collectors on Production of Certificates;

but not paid while Militia embodied.

Allowances B-rmted to a certain Number.

CoritmUtfoe;

whatsoever, out of any publick Monies in their Hands; all which Monies so paid by such Colledors shall be allowed them in their Accounts ; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preferred and produced as Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Ad.

XVII.	And be it farther enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Affiftant Surgeons of the said Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Ad, shall at all times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments or Battalions to which they belong, whenever the fame shall be embodied or called out upon actual Service; and in case of Negled or Refufal to atten d when called upon, or in case any Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon shall a Second time neglect or refuse to attend and perform his Doty at the annul! Exercife as before directed, each and every such Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon shall forfeit his and their Claim to the (aid annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in all times to come and shall also be considered as having rrfigned and vacated his and their Commiffion and Commiffions to all Intents and Putpofes whatsoever.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the (aid feverai annual Allowances shall be paid to the Perfons respectively entitled thereto, by the Colledors, upon the Produdion of the before mentioned feverai Certificates as soon after the times of the annual Exercife and Training as may be convenient or practicable: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent any Subaltern Officer entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, from receiving the Pay allowed by Law for his Attendance at such annual Exercife as before mentioned, over and above the (aid annual Allowance: Provided also, that nothing in this Ad Aall extend or be construed to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer as aforesaid to the said annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the time the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall be embodied or called out on actual Service: Provided also, that this Ad and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to the Affiftant Surgeon of each and every Regiment or Battalion respectively, and also to the refpe&iw Numbers of Subaltern Officers in each and every Regiment and Battalion hereinafter respectively specified and no more ; that is to fey, not exceeding Twenty Subaltern Officers in any Regiment confiding of Ten Companies; not exceeding Eighteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment, confiding of only Nine Companies; not exceeding Sixteen Subaltern Officers m any Regiment confiding of only Eight Companies ; not exceeding Fourteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment e* Battalion confiftrng of only Seven Companies ; and not exceeding Twelve Subaltern Officers in any Regiment or Battalion coniiftiog of only Six Companies.

XXII. And he it further enacted, That this Ad 4haH contimie m fisree until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thowfand eight hundred and twelve, and no longer.

pfifo Aff, except the Clavfct above in/erted, isJimtlar to 50 G. 89.3



CAP*

AlXitu

5c«GB0.m.

C.9K

«»

cap. xct.

An AGt for discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown and Compofition Rents, which have been growing due in Ireland.

[26th June 18x1.]

*	TTtTHEREAS fereral Lands, Restory, Abbey, Priory, Mo«

*	W naftery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements and HerditamenU 4 in Ireland, chargeable with Quit Rents, Crown Rents, Compofi*

*	tion Rents or other Chief Rents, payable to His Majesty, his Heirl 4 and Succeffors, hare been for many Years past returned by the Col*

4 ledfcors of His Majefty*8 Revenue in Ireland to whom Inch Rents 4 have been given in charge as not to be found, and such Rents have 4 been constantly returned in Arrear, by means whereof such Anreart 4 do now amount to confiderahde Sums of Money, and will be great 4 Incumbrances on such Lands, Redory, Abbey, Priory and Monaf*

*	tery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments, fin calc

*	the fame should hereafter be difeovered: And whereas it is appre*

*	bended that giving an Encouragement to the present Holders of

*	fuch Lands, Kedory, Abbey, rriory, Monaftery Lands, Tithes,

*	Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments, to discover the fame, so at ‘ that the growing Rents payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and ‘ Succeffors, may hereafter be punctually paid, will increase Hit 4 Majefty's RevenueBe it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spfe ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affene

bled, and by tne Authority of the fame. That it shall and may be ^ Ap*ttc*tio«i lawful for every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate* to Exchequer, at any time before the Twenty fifth Day of March which will be in Landidifchsrjed the Year of Onr Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty one* Arrears of to prefer his, her or their Petition or Petitions, to His Majefty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, thereby (ettiirg forth, that all or some jviajefty i»-of the Lands, Redory, Abbey, Priory, Monaftery Lands, Tithes* cuned previous Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments in Ireland, whereof be, (he or ’ Sept. 29,1810. they is or are feixed, is or are subject or liable to some certain Quit Rent, Crown Rent, Compofition or other Chief Rent, payable to His * Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, which hath not been paid for the Space of Twerfty Years next immediately preceding the Twenty fnnth Day of Seftetnber in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and ten, particularly deferibing in such Petition the Lands liable to the Payment thereof, as well by their present as fanner Names and Denominations, and thereby submitting to pay all such annual Quit Rent, Crown Rent, Compofition Rent or other Chief Rent, which shall become due from and after such time as the fafd Court of Exchequer shall think fit to order, and praying to have such Lands, Abbey, Priory, Monaftery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tese* merits and Hereditaments, discharged of and from all Arrears of such Rent incurred, due to and for such time as the firid Court . Audi think fit, which Petition shall be engrossed on Parchment and figned

S' the Party or Parties preferring the fame, (except in case of a mor or Lunatic, and in such case by the Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees of such Minor or Lunatic) and (haft be fifed on Record in the Second Remembrancer's Office, and that thereupon an Order shall be made by the feed Court* that the Auditor

4	General

A.D.i8n<

Auditor General to give in Charge to Olledtor Kent* accruing after Sept. 29, zSio,

Wher# Proceeding* had within

C.pii	51® GEO. III.

General or his Deputy or Deputies shall search into the Rent Roll?,1 Books and Records in his Office, and shall certify to the said Court* by a certain Day to be appoiuted by the Court whether any such Rent or Rents as is or are mentioned in such Petition or Petition* hath or have been accounted for to His Majesty or his PredecefW, within the Space of Twenty Years next preceding the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, a Copy of which Order shall be served on the said Auditor General or hia Deputy, and on the Solicitor of His Majesty’s Rents, Ten Days at the least before the Day appointed for bis making such Certificate) and the said Auditor General or his Deputy is hereby required to make such Searches, and to certify to the said Court of Exchequer, whether it appears to him that such Rents have been paid or accouuted for to His Majesty or his PredecefTors, within the Space of Twenty Years next before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, and whether it appears to him that any and what Proceedings have been had by or on behalf of His Majesty, for Recovery of such Rent within the said Period; for which Search the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence and no more ; and for which Certificate the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight Pence and no more ; and for Entry of Difcharge of such Arrears out of the Rent Roll, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four Pence, and no more, shall be paid to the said Auditor General; and if upon Return of such Certificate, and upon examining into the Truth of the Allegations of such Petitiftn by the said Court of Exchequer, in a summary way, it shall appear to the said Court, that no Quit Rent, Crown Rent, Compofition Rent or other Chief Rent payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, hath been paid for and out of such Lauds, Redory, Abbey, Priory, Monaftery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments, or hath been accounted for by the Col-ledors of His Majefty's Revenue for the Diftrid wherein such Lands, Redory, Abbey, Priory, Monaftery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments lie, within the Term of Twenty Years next before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, and that no Proceedings have been had by or on behalf of His Majesty, for Recovery of such Rent within the said Twenty Years, then and'in such case the said Court of Exchequer is hereby authorized and empowered to make an Order, that* the said Lands, Redory, Abbey, Priory, Monaftery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments mentioned in such Petition, and the Perfons who from time .to time respectively held and enjoyed the fame, shall be absolutely freed and discharged of and from ail such Rents and Arrears due or in Arrear at any time before the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten ; and shall order the said Auditor General to give in charge to the Collcdor of the Diftrid where such Lands, Redory, Abbey, Priory, Monaftery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements or Hereditaments lie, such growing Rents as the said Lands, Redory, Abbey, Priory, Monaftery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall appear to be chargeable with, which shall become due from and after the said Twenty .ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, to the Intent that the tame be duly collected for the future, and that such Order shall be an effectual Difcharge against His Majesty, his Heirs arid Succeflors, as to such Arrears; and if it shall appear to the said * ‘	..	Court

A.D.i8n.

289

51* GEO. HI.	'	C.9U

Court of Exchequer in manner aforesaid, that no Quit Rent, Crown ao Year* Landi Rent, Compofition Rent or other Chief Rent payable to His Majesty, <J‘(c|'arKcd his Heirs and SuccefTors, hath been paid for out of such Lands, curredprerioui Re&ory, Abbey, Priory, Monaftery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tene- to Sept 19, mcnts and Hereditaments, or hath been accounted for to the Collector 181c. of His Maiefty’s Revenue, for the Dift rid wherein such Lands,

Redory, Abbey, Priory, Monaftery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments lie, within the Term of Twenty Years next before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, but that Proceedings have been had by or on behalf of His Majesty for Recovery of such Rent within the said Twenty Years, and before the time when any such Petition shall be preferred as aforesaid; then and iu such case the said Court of Exchequer is hereby authorized and empowered to make an Order on such Petition, that the said Lands, Redory, Abbey, Priory, Monaftery Lands,

Tithes, Fairs, Tenements or Hereditaments mentioned in such Petition, and the Perfons who from time to time respectively held and enjoyed the fame, shall be absolutely freed and discharged of and from all such Renta and Arrears due and in Arrear at any time before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four; and shall order the laid Auditor General to give in charge to the Colle&or or Colle&ora of the Diftrid where such Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monaftery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenement* or Hereditaments do lie, such growing Renta as the said Lands*

Rcdory, Abbey, Priory, Monaftery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall appear to be charged or chargeable with, which shall become due from and after the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, to the Intent that the fame may be duly collected for the future, and that such Order shall be an effectual Difcharge against His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, as to such Arrears.

•II. And whereas it may tend to the Difcovery of such Lands,

•	Redory, Abbey, Priory, Monaftery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tene-

•	ments or Hereditament* as have been returned by the said Col-

•	ledors as not to be found as aforesaid, if Perfons who shall difeover

•	the fame, so as to enable His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors,

•	to recover the Rents payable thereout, and Arrears thereof, (hall

•	be entitled to a Reward for so doing ;* Wherefore be it enacted,

That any Perfon or Perfons who shall effectually discover any Lands. p«*‘ons Redory, Abbey, Priory, Monaftery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements ™ or Hereditaments, so ii. arrear of the Quit Rent, Crown Rent, Com- Difcovery of position Rent or other Chief Rent payable theieout to His Majesty Rents in Arrear. as aforesaid, and which has been returned by the said Collc&ors as not to be found as aforesaid, other than the Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Perfon or Perfons, subject to the Payment of such Rent, so as that such Rent or Rents in arrear be recovered, such Perfon or Perfons makiug such Difcovery shall be entitled to One Moiety of such Arrear as shall be recovered; provided that such Rewar Moiety shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds*

51 Geo. III.

U

CAP.

5i° GEO. III.

AJX1811,

290	C.92;

CAP. XCII.

An A St to repeal certain Parts of several Ads of the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the Tolls on Stage Coaches, carrying above a certain Number of Paflengers, and to make other Provifions in lieu thereof.	[26th June 181 i.j

*	TT7HEREAS by Two several Ads pa fled in the Parliament

S3 3 (1)	4	W of Ireland\ the One in the Thirty third Year of His prefent

c-3*- § C*	4	Majefty's Reign, intituled, An A8 to explain and reduce into One

4 A8 the several Laws for making, repairing or amending the Turnpike 4 Roads leading from the Town of Naas to the Towns of Mar)-borough

*	and Balvroan, from the fiid Town of Maryborough to the City of 4 Limerick, and from the Town of Nenagh to O'Brien's Bridge;

38 G. 3. (I.)	4	and the other, made in the Thirty eighth Year of His preient

85. § 37.	4	Majefty's Reign, intituled. An A8 to explain and reduce into One

4 A8 the several Laws for making, improving and repairing the Turn-

*	pike Road leading from the City of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge in 4 the County of Kildare, and to the Twenty one Mile Stone Wejlward

*	of the fold Bridge, and for prolonging the Duration of the Ad fir 4 repairing the Road from Naas to Limerick, and for the further Im-

*	frovement of the Road from Kilworth Mountain to the City of Cork; 4 it is enacted, that during the Continuance of the said Ads refpec-

*	tively it shall be lawful tor the Perfons mentioned in the said Acts

*	refpedively to dcmaqd and take for every Stage Coach or other 4 Carriage plying for Hire, or conveying Perfons for Hire, which 4 shall convey at any one time upon any Part of the Roads in the

*	faid Ads respectively mentioned, more than Six Perfons withinside,

*	or more than Three Perfons besides the Driver and Guard upon 4 the Outfide of any such Coach or other Carriage, a Toll or Penalty

*	of Five Shillings for every Koife or other Beaft drawing the fame, 1 in addition to the Tolls by the said refpettive A61s directed to be 4 paid : And whereas it is expedient that the said Tolls or Penalties

v * rtiould be repealed, and a more moderate Toll allowed to be taken

*	inftead thereof;' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

Penalty of 5s. afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this A6t the said respective Tolls or Penalties of Five Shillings, for every Horse or other Beaft of Burthen drawing such Carriage asaforesaid, under the said Provifions of the (aid recited repealed.	Ads, shall be, and the fame are hereby refpc61ivcly repealed, and

shall cease and determine and be no longer payable.

Additional Tolls. II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, and during the Continuance of the said recited Ads, it shall be lawful for the several Perfons in the said recited Ads severally and respectively mentioned, or their Aftigns, to demand and take by such Perfon or Perfons as they shall authorize thereto at each and every Pay gate in the said Ads respectively mentioned, for every Stage Coach or other Carriage plying for Hire or conveying Perfons for Hire, upon any Part of the Roads in the said Ads mpedivclr mentioned, the Sum of Four Pence for every Horse or other Beaft drawing such Coach or other Carriage, in addition to the Tolls by

6	the

A.D.1811.	.	jicGEO. III.	€.92,93.

the said A6b directed to be paid, eveij time such Coach or other Carriage shall pass through any of the laid Gates: Provided always, that such Additional Toll shall not be deemed to extend to Waggons or other Carriages with broad Wheels in the said recited A5s or either of them mentioned and specified.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for granting additional Duties of Cuftoms on Fir

Timber, of certain DimenGons, of the Growth of Norduay

imported into Great Britain.	[26th	June	1811.]

4 T TTHEREAS it is expedient that additional Duties of Coftoms 4 VV should be imposed upon Fir Timber of certain Dimenfions 4 of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence into 4 Great Britain ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from aud after the Fit ft Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and eleven, there shall be raised, levied, colle&cd and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, the several additional Permanent and Temporary or War Duties of Cuftoms on Fir Timber of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, being Eight Inches Square, and not exceeding Ten Inches Square, as the fame are respectively inserted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A. and that there shall be paid or allowed on the Exportation of such Fir Timber, the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Cuftoms as the fame are also refpec-tively inserted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the said Table marked A.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the additional Duties hereby iinpofed may be secured by Bond under the Regulations of an Adt passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ad fqr permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in IVarehouje without Payment of Duty.

III.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said additional Duties of Cuftoms hereby imposed, as fall under the Title or Defcription of Temporary or War Duties, shall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said additional Duties of Cuftoms shall be charged and payable on any Timber enumerated or deferibed in the said Table hereunto annexed, marked A. which having been warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of any Adt of Parliament without Payment of Duty, shall be taken out ot any such Warelioufe or Place where the fame shall have been lodged or recured, for the Purpofe of being used or confunoed in Great Britain, after the said First Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and eleven, notwithstanding such Timber may have been imported into Great Britain before the said First Day ot Augufi One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

V.	And be it further enacted. That the said additional Duties of Cuftoms and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms hereby imposed and tllowed shall be managed,, ascertained, railed, levied, collected, an-

U 2	fwered.

291

Provife.

Dutiex

Drawbacks.

Duties bonded under 43 G. > c. 131.

War Duties bow long payable.

Duties payable on Timber taken out of Warehouse.

How Doties and Drawbacks levied and paid.

A.D.i8n.

xgi	C.	93.	51® GEO. nr.

Application of

Permanent

Duties.

49G.J.C.9S.

Application of War Duties.

ji G.3. c.43.

§ *

Draxvb. ck allowed oh Fir Timber utVtl ill Mines ol Dei on ;u»d Cormv. 11.

fwered, paid, recovered and allowed in such and the like manner, and by the fame Means, Ways and Methods as any Duties of Cuftoms of a like nature are managed, afeertained, raised, levied, collested, an* fwered, paid, recovered and allowed, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and Foifeitures now in force in relation to, or made for securing the Revenue of Cuftnms in Great Britain ; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines or Forfeitures for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the pa fling of this A 61, made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Direftions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effest, as to the said Duties and Drawbacks, as fuDy and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if they were at large repeated and rc*enafted in this Aft

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arifmg from time to time from such of the said Duties hereby imposed, as fall under the Description of Permanent Duties, (the necessary Charges of raifmg and accounting for the fame respectively excepted ) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer at JVeJlminfler, and shall be appropriated and applied in the feme manner as the Duties called the Permanent Duties, imposed by as Aft passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of CvJUmt chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lien thereof are respectively directed to be appropriated and applied.

4 VII. And whereas it is expedient that the Temporary or War

•	Duties granted by this A6t should be applied towards defraying

*	any Services voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom in 4 Parliament assembled ;* Be it therefore enacted, That the additional Temporary or War Duties granted by thi3 Aft shall he appropriate and applied from time to time to such Services a3 shall be voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, for the Service of the Year Oue thousand eight hundred and eleven, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Yea**; and the Commiflioners of His Majesty’s Treasury now nr for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Trw-furer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

4 VIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Drawback allowed 4 by an Aft passed in the present Seflion of Parliament, intituled,

1 An AS for altering the lime at which the additional Duties of 4 Cufloms imposed by an AS of the lajl Sejflon of Parliament on eertm 4 Species of Wood were to have taken place; and for granting a Draw•

4 back upon Deals and limber used in the Mines of Ttn% Copter and 4 Lead, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, on Fir Timber used 4 and employed in any of the Mines of Tin, Lead or Copper in the 4 Counties of Devon or Cornwall, should be inCreafed in Proport on 4 to the additional Duties of Cuftoms imposed by this Aft on Fir 4 Timber Be it therefore enacted, That in Addition to the Drawback allowed by the said recited Aft passed in the present Seflion of Parliament, of Part of the Duties of Cuftoms paid on the Importation of Fir Timber of the Growth of Norway, and imported dirctfly from theBer, being Eight Iuche3 Square, and not exceeding Ten

.Iuchei

*93

51° GEO. III.	C.	93,94.

Inches Square, used and employed in the Tin, Lead or Copper Mines, in the Counties of Devon or Cornwall, there shall also be paid and allowed a Drawback of the Duties of Cultoms imposed by this Aft on the Importation into Great Britain of aoy such Timber, which shall have beeu so used and employed at aforesaid, and on which the Duties granted by this Aft shall have been paid: Provided always, Provifo. that the additional Drawback so granted and allowed as aforesaid, shall be paid and allowed on the fame Conditions, and shall be subject in every respect to the fame Rules, Regulations and Reftric-tions. Securities and Penalties, as the Drawback on Fir Timber granted by the said recited Aft palled in the prefeht Seffion of Parliament is paid and allowed.

TABLE to which this Aft refers. Table A.

A TABLE of ADDITIONAL DU-TIES of CUSTOMS payable on FIR	Permanent.		Temporary
TIMBER, of the Growth of Norway, imported into Great Britain.	Duty.	Drawback.	War°Duty.
FIR TIMBER, of the Growth of Nor-way, and imported directly from thence, Eight Inches Square, and not exceeding Ten Indies Square, imported in a Britilh-built Ship, the Load containing Fifty	£ /. d.	£ s.	£ t. d.
Cubic Feet - .  Not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the	126	— IS —	-13 8
Load containing Fifty Cubic Feet -(See the Aft to which this Table is annexed.)	I 4 —	—15 —	— H 4

C A P. XCIV.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Aft of the last Seffion of Parliament, intituled,* An AEl to extend and amend the Term and Provijions of an AEl of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majcjly, for the better Prefervatim of Timber in the New Forejl; and for afcertaitiing the Boundaries of the said Forejly and the Lands of the Crown within the fame.	[26th June 1811.]

*	*¥T7 HEREAS an Aft passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth . 39 * 40 G. 3.

4 VV Year of His present Majesty, intituled. An AS for the c.86.

4 better Prefervation of Timber in the New Forejl in the County of

4 Southampton ; and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forejl

4 and of the Lands of the Crown within the fame: And whereas

•	the Powers and Provifions of an Aft passed in the last Seflion of 50 G. 3. c.116.

4 Parliament, intituled, An AS to extend and amend the Term and

4 Provifions of an AS of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Tear of His

U 3	4 prefent

a<>4

C-94.9J*

A.D.iSir.

eoti tinned for Two Years*

79 G. 3. c. 56.

fit.

In whtt rate ( otnmiH’orers •f Excite or Jultio s to grant Warrants 10 Colletiurs to pay Complainant Sums proved to ha\c been over paid.

ji* GEO. III.

*	present Majesty, fbr the better Prefrrvation of Timber in the Nev

* For eft in toe County of Southampton ; and for afrertaining tht 4 Boundaries of the /aid Foreft. and of the Lands of the Crown within

*	the fame, will expire on the Twenty eighth Day of July One thou-

*	fand eight hundred and eleven \ and it is expedient to continue the

*	fame for a further Period ;* Be it therefore enacted by the Kind’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tl* Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all ad every the Powers and Provilions of the said last recited Act (Hall continue and be in force for Two Years, to be computed from the said Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

CAP. XCV.

An Aft to explain and amend certain Laws of Excife refped-ing the Duties on Ellates and Goods fold by Auftion*, the allowing Dealers to road their own Coffee on certain Conditions ; and to the Water Mark of the Year on Pape: intended for Exportation.	[26th	June	1811.]

4 WJ PEREAS by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of 4 YV the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

*	among other things, for altering, amending ana enforcing so much

*	of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His

*	present Majesty as relates to the collecting the Duties on Eflatrs

*	and Goods fold by Auftion, it is enacted. That if any Sale by

*	Auftion of any Estate, Goods or Chattels, shall be rendered void

*	by reason that the Perfon for whose Benefit the fame was fold had 4 no Title to the fame, or no Right to dispose thereof, it shall and may

*	be lavyful for the Auftioneer who paid the Duty for the thing fo

*	fold, or for the Perfon for whose Benefit the fame was so fold, to 4 lay his, 1 er or their Complaint before the Commiflioners of Excife

*	or Justices of the Peace within whose Jurifdiftion respectively fuch

*	Sale was made; and the said Commiflioners of Excife or Juftias

*	of the Peace respectively, upon such Complaint to them made, /hail 4 and are required to hear and determine all such Complaints, and

*	upon due Proof to relieve the Party so complaining of so much

*	of his, her or their respective Payments as shall be made out before

*	them to have been over paid : And whereas for the more effectual 4 Relief of the Party so complaining, it is expedient to make the c Provifion hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That such Commiflioners or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom any such Complaint shall have been so laid, and by whom the fame shall have been so determined, and such Relief given or granted, shall and they the said Commiflioners and Justices of the Peace refpeaively are hereby authorized and required to grant their Warrant, directed to the proper Colleftor of Excife, authorizing and requiring him to aPow and pay to the Party so complaining and relieyed, out of the Duties on Sales at Auftion which shall next come to the Hands

of

A.D.1811

29s

51° GEO. Ill,	C.95.

of such Calle&or, the full Amount of such Payment as shall be so made out before them, the said Commi (honors or Justices refpe&ivcly, to have been overpaid.

‘ II. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether by an Adi made

*	in the' Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King

*	George the Third, intituled, An Ad for allowing Dealers to roast 4 their own Coffee on certain Conditions, the Powers and Authorities 4 given or grauted to the Commiflioners for the Inland Duties upon 4 Coffee for the time being, by an Adi made in the Tenth Year of

*	the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, to provide 4 Houfes for the Roafting of Coffee, and to appoint Officers for

*	attending the fame, and Perfons well (killed in the roasting of Coffee 1 to attend at each such Roafting Houfc for that Purpose, are not

*	repealed 1* Now, to obviate and remove all such Doubts, be it declared and enacted, That none of the said recited Powers and Authorities, or any other Powers or Authorities given or granted to the said Cotnmiilioners by the said Adt made in the said Tenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, relating to Houles for the roasting of Coffee, or to the Money payable for the roasting of Coffee at any such Houses, are by the said A A made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty repealedr: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or conftmed to extend to repeal or alter any of the Proviftons of the said Adi relating to Sellers of or Dealers in Coffee being at Liberty to roast his, her or their own Coffee under, fubjedi and according to the Rules and Regulations in the said Adi made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty in that behalf mentioned, or to forfeit any Coffee roacted, burnt or dried under or according to the said Rules and Regulations of the said Adi, in any Place, other than in some one of the Houfes provided as in the said Act of the Tenth Year of His said late Majesty King George the Fit ft is mentioned ; any thing in this or any other Adt or Adts of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wile notwithstanding.

• III. And whereas by Two Claufcs in a:i Act made in the Thirty

*	fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the

*	Third, intituled, An Ad for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pqfle-1 board* Millboard, Scalebonrd atnl Glared Paper, and for granting 4 other Duties in lieu thereof; it is, among other things, provided,

*	that nothing in that Adt contained should extend or be deemed or 4 construed to extend to entitle any Perfon or Perfons whatever to 4 any such Drawback, as is in the said Adi in that behalf men-4 tioned, for or in respect of any such printed Books; or for or in 4 respect of any such ruled Account Books as are therein in that behalf 4 respectively mentioned, unless the Paper thereof respectively should 4 have visible in the Subttance thereof a Mark commonly called A

. 4 Water Mark, of the Date of the then present Year of our Lord in 4 the following Figure, 1794, or in like manner of some subsequent 4 Year of our Lord: And whereas by another Claufe in the said Adi 4 it was enacted, that if any Printer, Bookfeller or other Perfon should 4 in any Package or Parcel of Books intended for Exportation on 4 Drawback put or pack up any Book or Books, the Paper whereof 4 should not have visible in the Subftance thereof such Water Mark 4 as aforesaid, then and in such case all and every such Package 4 or Pareel, and all the Books of every Kind therein contained, should 4 be forfeited, and the fame should and might be seized by any Office*

,	U	4	‘	or

49 G. 3. c. So.

1

10 G. 1. c. 10.

Certain Powers of 10 G. 1. c. 10. not repeal'd by 49 G. 3. c. 80.

Provifo.

34 G. 3. c. 20.

§ 3*-§ 34.

i 31-

A.D.i8h.

a 96

C.95,95.

51® GEO. III.

i 4C,

repealed.

17 G.3.5.3a.

f *5*

*	or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife s And whereas by another

*	Claufe in the said Ad it is also provided, that nothing in that Ad ‘ contained should extend or be deemed or construed to extend to

*	entitle any Perfon or Perfons whatever to any such Drawback or Ah ‘ lowance as is in the said Ad in that behalf mentioned, for or Ta

*	refped of any such Paper used in the printing any such Bibles,

*	Teftaments, Pfalm Books, Books of Common Prayer, Confeffioo 1 of Faith, or the larger or (horter Catechifm as therein mentioned,

*	unlefs the said Paper (liould have visible in the Subftance thereof a

*	Mark commonly called A Water Mark, of the Date of the then

*	prefent Year of our Lord, in the following Figures, 1794* or of « some subsequent Year of our Lord : And whereat it is expedient

*	to repeal the said recited Claufes of the said Ad :* Be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Claufes shall be and the lame are hereby repealed.

CAP. XCVI.

An Aft to extend the Powers veiled in the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms of restoring Veflels and Goods seized, to Seizures made by virtue of any Afts relating to the Department of the Cuftoms.	[26th	June	1811.]

WHEREAS by an Ad palled in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, A* A3 for making further Provifions in regard to such Ve(felt as are particularly described in an Act made in the Twenty fourth Tear of the Reign of His present Majefly9 for the more cffeElual Prevention of Smuggling is this Kingdom, and for extending the said A3 to other Veft Is and Peats not particularly described therein ; for taking off the Duties 0* Flajks in which Wine or Oil is imported; for laying an additional Duty on foreign Geneva imported ; for taking off the Duty on Ebcnr, the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom ; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Cujloms ; the Commit fioners of the Cuftoms in England and Scotland respectively are authorized to direct, under the Circumilances and on the Terms and Conditions therein mentioned, any Goods or Commodities whatever, or any Ships, Vefleis, Boats, Horfcs, Cattle or Carriages which shall have been seized a$ forfeited by virtue or in pursuance of any Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms, to be restored to the Proprietor or Proprietors : And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Powers and Authorities so veiled in the said Commiflioners extend to authorize the Delivery of Goods and Commodities, Ships. Vefleis, Boats, Horfcs, Cattle or Carriages that may have been seized as forfeited by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, or other Perfon or Perfons being duly authorized to make such Seizures by virtue and in pursuance of any other Ad or Ads of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient, in order to obviate such Doubt?, and to prevent the Delay, Inconvenience and Expence that would be occasioned by the Detention of Veflels or Goods seized under Circumftances wherein it would be just and reasonable that Relief should be afforded, that the powers and Authorities so veiled in the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in England and Scotland refpec-tively should extend and be cor.ftrued to extend to authorize the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in England and Scotland, according to their refpe&ivc Jurifdidlions, to order any Goods or Commodities whatever* or any Ships, Veff.ls, Boais, Horfe*, Cattle or Carmgts,

‘ which

*97

SI® GEO. III.	C.96.

4 which shall have been seized as forfeited by any Officer or Officers 4 of the Cuftoms, or by any other Perfon or Perfons who by virtue

*	and under the Authority of any AH or Alts of Parliament made 4 for the ProteHion of Trade, the Benefit of Commerce, or for 4 the encouraging and encreafmg of Shipping and Navigation, or in

*	any refpeH relating to the Department of the Cuftoms, to be

*	reft ore d to the Proprietor or Proprietors on the Terms and Con-4 ditions hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore enaHed by the King’s Mod Excellent' Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefen^

Parliament atTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all Certain Power* the Powers and Authorities veiled in the Commissioners of the Cuftoms veflcd in tom-in England and Scotland refpeHively by the said recited A H passed in

the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by citUe<j0^

virtue of which the Commissioners of the Cuftoms in England for. the extend 10 Sei-

time being, or any Four or more of them, or the Commissioners of zures under any

the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being, or any Three or more of other Adt,

them, are authorized to direH any Goods or Commodities whatever,

or any Ships, Veffeis, Boats, Horfes, Cattle or Carriages seized a#

forfeited by virtue and in pursuance of any AH or Ads relating to

the Revenue of Cuftoms, to be restored to the Proprietor or Pro*

prietors, on the Proof and on the Terms and Conditions in the faid

Alt mentioned, shall extend and be couftmed to extend to authorize

the Commissioners of the Cuftoms in England for the time being,

or any Four or more of them, or the Commissioners of the Cuftoms in

Scotland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, according

to their refpeltive JurifdiHions, to order any Goods or Commodities

whatever, or any Ships, Veffeis, Boats, Horfes, Cattle or Carriages

that shall have been or Ihall be seized as forfeited either by any Officer

or Officers of the Cuftoms, or by any other Perfon or Perfons what-

foever by virtue or in pursuance of any AH or Alls of Parliament

made for the ProteHion of Trade, the Benefit of Commerce, or the

encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, or by virtue

and in pursuance of any other All or Alls of Parliament in any

refpeH relating to the Department of the Cuftoms, to be restored to

the Proprietor or Proprietors, whether such Goods or Commodities,

Ships, Veffeis, Boats, Horfes, Cattle or Carriages shall have been seized as forfeited in Great Britain or on the High Seas, or in any other of His Majesty’s Dominions, Coionics, Settlements or Plants- Provifa tions, in case Evidence shall be given to the SatisfaHion of the said Commissioners, according to their refpeltive JurifdiHions, that the Forfeiture arose without any Defign of Fraud in the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Veffeis, Boats,

Horfes, Cattle or Carriages ; and also, in case the Seizure shall have been made by any such Officer or Officers, or other Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid in any of His Majesty’s Coionics, Settlements or Plantations, or on the High Seas, and it shall be made appear to the SatisfaHion of the Commissioners of the Cuftoms in England for the time being, or any Four or more of them, that such Seizure was occasioned by the Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Goods or Commodities,

Ships, Veffeis, Boats, Horfes, Cattle or Carriages having aHed in conformity with any Orders or DireHions which the Governor or Chief Officer of any such Colony, Settlement or Plantation shall have deemed it expedient on any particular Emergency to issue.

'	II.	And

it>8

A.D.1811.

Seizures re-ftored to Proprietors on Inch Conditions as Coin miili oners Hull direct, &c

Frjv'rfb

4> G. 3. e. 47.

repealed.

Dire&ion for Shipping certain Produce South of Cape Finel-terre for Exportation di/ett tq

C. 96,97.	51* GEO. Ill

II.	And be it further enacted, That in any case wherein tbefaid Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in England and Scotland respectively shall exercise the Powers hereby veiled in them, such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vefleis, Boats, Horfes, Cattle or Carriages shall be restored to the Proprietor or Proprietors in such manner and on such Terms and Conditions as under the Circumftances of the case shall appear to the said Commiflioners in England and Scotland refpeftirelv to be reasonable, and as they shall think lit to'direft; and if the said Proprietor or Proprietors shall comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by such Commiflioners in England and Scotland respectively, it shall not be lawful for the Officer or Officers of the Cuiloms, or any other Perfon or Prrfons as aforesaid who shall have seized fuefh Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vefleis, Boats, Horfes, Cattle or Carriages, or any other Perfon or Perfons whatever on his or their behalf, to proceed in any manner for the Condemnation thereof; but if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commiflioners refp^c-tively, such Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, shall be at Liberty, and is and are hereby authorized to proceed for the Condemnation of such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vefleis, Boats, Horfes Cattle or Carriages, as if this Law had not been made : Provided always, that if such Proprietor or Proprietms shall accept the Terms and Conditions preferibed by the said Commiflioners of the Cuftoms respectively, such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not have or be entitled to any Recompence or Damage on account of the Seizure or Detention of such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vefleis, Boats, Horfes, Cattle or Carriages, or have or maintain any Aftion whatever for the fame ; any Law, Cuftom or llfage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCVII.

An Aft: to regulate the Trade between Places in Europe South of Cape Finifterrcy and certain Ports in the British Colonies in North America.	[26th June 1811.]

1 'TTTHEREAS it is expedient that an Aft patted in the Forty

*	VV ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

*	An Alt to permit certain Articles, the Croav/h, Production or Manx-

*	faSure of Europe, to be laden andJhippcd on board Ships arriving

*	•with British North American Produce, and Fiji taken by Settlers tn

*	the British North American Coionics, at any Port of Europe, in

*	order to be exported to the principal Ports in the British Colonies and

*	Plantations in North America, should be repealed, and other Provi-

*	(ions should be made for the Encouragement pf the said Trade May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, the said recited Aft shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, any Fruit, Wine, Oil, Salt or Cork, the Produce of any Part of Europe South of Cape Ftniflerre, may be shipped and laden in any Port or Place of Europe Soyth of Cape Finisterre, for

Export-

A.D.i8m	510 GEO. III.	C.9?.

Exportation, direct to any of the federal Ports hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, the Port of Saint John's in the Province of New Brunf wick, Saint John's in the Ifland of Newfoundland, Quebec in the Province of Canada, Sydney in the Ifland of Cnbe Breton, Halifax and Shflburn in the Province of Nova Scotia, and Charlotte Town in Prince Edward's //land, all in North America, on board of any British Shin or Veflel owned, navigated and regiilered according to Law, which shall have arrived at any Port or Place in Europe South of Cope Fi-nijltrre, with Articles of the Growth or Produce of the laid Coionics, or with Filh taken and cured by His Majelly’s Suhjedls carrying on the Fifheries from any of the fa id Colonies or Plantations, or from any Part of the United Kingdom, or with any of the Goods or Commodities hereinafter mentioned from the Province of Canada, whether such Goods and Merchandize shall be the Growth or Produce of the Province of Canada, or shall have been brought into the said Province by Land or Inland Navigation.

III.	And be it further enabled, That the Articles aforesaid, the Produce of any Pr.rt of Europe South of Cape Finisterre, shall, before the Importation thereof into any of the several Ports before enumerated, be fubjeet and liable to the Payment of such Duties as Goods of the like Denomination or Delcription are subject and liable to, upon being imported into any of the said several Ports from Great Briiain, and no other or higher Duties; any thing in any Adt or Ads of Parliament to the contrary thereof not with landing.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Merchant or other Perfon exporting any Cargo from any Port in the Provinces of Nova Scotia or of New Brunf wick, for any Port of Europe South of Cape Finif-terre, under this Adi, shall make Oath at the Port of Shipment in those Provinces before tin? Chief Officer of the Ctiftoms at such Port, or before the Naval Officer in Command at such Port, which Oath such Officer of the Culloms or Naval Officer is hereby authorized to administer, that the Cargo so shipped is the Growth and Produce of the said Province*, or the Produce of the British Fifheries in North America, really and bona fine taken and cured by His Majc fly’s Subjects carrying on the said Fifheries from some of the said Colonies or Plantations, and such Officer of the Culloms or Naval Officer at such Port of Shipment shall certify such Oath under his Hand, which Certificate shall be produced by the Mailer or other Perfon having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Veflel on board of which any such Cargo is shipped, on his Arrival at the Port in Europe within the Limits aforesaid to which such Cargo shall be consigned, or to which such Ship or Veflel shall go for the . Delivery of the Cargo ; and the Mailer or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Veflel shall make Oath before the British Conful there resident, or if there shall be no British Conful there resident, then before Two kuowu British Merchants there resident, (which Oath he or they are hereby authorized and required to admi-niiler) that the Certificate so produced was the Certificate of the Officer of the Culloms or Naval Officer whose Name it bears, and was duly (igned by him.

V.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful to export from Canada, in a Britifh-built Ship, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, into any Port of Europe within the Limits aforesaid, the several Articles hereinafter mentioned, without any Oath

being

299

certain Ports of

Briti^i Col diies in North America.

Duties.

Exporter of Cargo from Nova Scotia, &c. to any Port South of Cape Finn-terre to m.»ke O ith to certain Paiticuljrsjkc.

Exportation of Wheat, &c. from Canada into any Port of Europe within

AJXi8ii.

Limits afore, hid, \c. Certificate 'of Growth produced by Maf-ter.

Before Ship-mcnt of Fiih for Exportation from Canadi, Oath that they are the Produce cf the British American Fi(h-eries.

Forfeitures how recovered and applied.

C.97.	510	GEO.	III.

being required of their being the Growth or Produce of the said Province, or any Certificate being required of the Country from whence they came 5 that in to fay, Wheat, Flour, Pease, Beans, Oats, Barley, Indian Corn, Rye, White Oak Staves and Heading drafted or undressed. Hoops, Pine Plank and Boards; and the Mailer or other Perfon having Charge of any such Rritijh-built Ship or Veflel laden with any of the said Articles, and exporting the fame from Canada to apy Port of Europe within the Limits aforesaid, shall only be required to produce a Certificate from the Chief Officer of the Cuf-toms, or the Naval Officer in Commpud at Quebec* that the laid Articles were either the Growth of or brought into Canada conform, ably to the Regulations eilablilhed by Law in the said Province (if any) by Land or Inland Navigation, from Countries bordering thereon ; and which Certificate such Officer of the Cufloms or Naval Officer is hereby authorized and required to grant upon satisfactory Proof being made upon Oath of otherwise (which Oath he is autho. rized to adminifter) and the Authenticity of such Certificate shall be fwom to in manner aforesaid, by the Mafter or other Perfon having the Charge of such Ship or Veflel at the Port of Delivery in Europe, within the aforesaid Limits.

Vi. And be it further enacted, That before the Shipment on board any such Briti/b-built Ship or VelTel, of any Pickled Fifli, or Dry Fifh, for the Purpofe of Exportation from Canada, to any Port of Europe within the Limits aforesaid, the Perfon in whose Poffeffion the fame has continued from the time of its being landed from the Fifhing Veflel employed in the taking it, until the (ame shall be shipped for Exportation, shall make Oath before the Chief Officer of the Cufloms, or the Naval Officer in Command at Quebec (who shall be authorized to administer such Oath), that the fame was the Produce of the Briiijb American Fifheries, really and bona Jidc taken and cured by His Majesty’s Subjeds carrying on the said Fiflieries from fomeof the said Colonies or Plantations, and on such Oath being taken at Quebec, the said Officer of the Cufloms or Naval Officer shall grant Certificate thereof (igned with his Hand, which Certifi. cate only the Mafter or other Perfon having Charge of such Ship or Veflel shall be required to produce at the Port of Delivery in Europe within the Limits aforesaid, and shall make Oath of the Authenticity of such Certificate in manner aforesaid.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That any Ship or Veflel, or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject to Forfeiture under thePro-viflons of this Ad, shall and may befeized by any Officer or Officers of the Cufloms in the said Colonies or Plantations respectively, or by the Commander of any of His Majesty’s Ships or Veflels of War 5 and the fame shall and may be proiecuted, lued for, recovered and divided in the fame Manner and Form, and by the fame Rules and Regulations in all respects, as far as the fame are applicable, as any other Forfeiture impoled by any Ad or Ads ntede for the Security of the Revenue, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, or for the Regulation of Trade or Navigation, and which were in force on or immediately before the pafling of this Ad, may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered and divided, in any British Colony or Plantation in America•

CAP.

AD.i8ii.

301

51® GEO. III.	C.98.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Aft to indemnify such Perfons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to give Securities and to register Memorials thereof, under an Aft of the last Sefiion of Parliament, and for extending the times limited for those Purpofes refpec-tively, until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Sefiion of Parliament.	[26th	June	1811.]

4 TTTHEREAS divers Perfons who, by reason of their Appoint-4 VV ments to or holding of certain Offices or Employments, or 4 Commiffion9 Civil or Military, in any Publick Department, or of

*	Publick Trust, or who, by reason of being concerned in the Col-4 le&ion, Receipt, Difburfement or Expenditure of any Publick

*	Money, or otherwise, are or may be required or bound, under the

*	Provisions of an Aft pafTed in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent

*	Majefty, intituled, An A3 to regulate the taking of Securities in all 5°	3*c 85.

*	Offices in rtfpc3 of which Security ought to be given ; andfor avoiding 4 the Grant of all such Office*, in the Event of such Security not being 4 given within a time to be limited after the Grant of such Office* to give 4 any such Security, or to register any such Memorial as is mentioned 4 in that Aft, or to give Notice of the Death of any Surety, or, upon 4 the Death of any such Surety, to give Security of another Surety,

4 and to register a Memorial of the Security of such new Surety 4 according to the Direftions of that Aft, have, through Ignorance 4 of the Law, Abfence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted or 4 may omit to give such Securities and tocau** such Memorials thereof

*	to be duly registered, or to give Notice of the Death of any Surety 4 as aforesaid, within such time and in such manner as in and by the 4 said Aft is required, whereby they have incurred, or may be in 4 Danger of incurring divers Penalties and Difabilities' For preventing any Inconveniences that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions, be it enacted by the King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the fame. That all and every Perfon or Perfons In what cafe

who at or before the palling of this Aft hath or have omitted, or Perfons required

shall have omitted, or shall after the palling of this Aft omit to give ^cited Att

such Security, and to cause such Memorial thereof to be duly	have"

registered, in such manner, a9 in and by the said recited Aft is 0mi:tcd to dofo,

required, or to give Notice of the Death of any such Surety as afore- or to regifter

Lid, and who after being appointed to and accepting any such Office, Memorials

Place or Employment, or undertaking any thing, on account of which	,!K*en,“

such Security ought to have been or ought to be given, and fuch* m,e “

Memorial thereof reg ftered at any t:me before the palling of this Aft,

hath or have given such Security, and registered such Memorial, or

given such Notice, or who at any time before the Expiration of Two

Months from the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament,

shall give such Security, and register such Memorial, or give fuch

Notice as aforesaid, in such cases, in such manner, and at or in fuch

Place or Places as are appointed in and by the said recited Aft, lhall

be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from and againll

all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Difabilities incurred or to

be incurred for or by reason of any Negleft or Omiffion of giving any

such Security, or registering any such Memorial, or giving any fuch

Notice

A.D.1811.

302	C. 9 8,99.	51°	GEO. III.

Notice according to the above mentioned Aft 5 and such Perfon and Perfons is and are, and Hull be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the fame State and Condition as he, (he or they were in before such Neglcft or Omiflion ; and that ail Afts done or to be done by any such Perfon or Perfons, or by Authority derived from him, her or them, are and shall be of the fame Force and Validity, as the fame or any of them would have been, if such Perfon or Perfons refpeCtively had given such Security, and registered such Memorial, or given such Notice according to the Directions of the said Aft.

Such Securities IT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Scotland Mc noruls rities and Memorials shall and rmy be given and registered to and by to he given to	the fame OiHcers and Perfons in the fame manner, and under the

the	^lce ^u^es» Regulations and Provisions, within the extended Period

LIT" allowed by this Aft, for the giving or regiftcring thereof refptc-tively, as if such Securities had been given and such Memorials registered within the respective Periods limited for thour Purpofes in the said recited Aft.

.General IfTue.	III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Aftion, Suit,

Bill of Indiftmcnt or Information, shall, from and after the palling of this Aft, be brought, carried on or prosecuted, against any Perfon or Perfons hereby * meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penakr, Incapacity or Difability whatsoever, incurred or to be incurred by any such Ncgleft or Omiilion, such Perfon or Perfons may plead the General I flue, and upon their Defence give this Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for removing Doubts as to the rcgiftcring of certain Property purchased or fold under the Land Fax Redemption Aft, in Right of which Perfons may claim to vote at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

[26th June 1811.]

4*6.4. c.116. « TYTHEREAS by an Aft parted in the Forty fecoud Year of 4 VV His present Majesty, intituled. An Ad for confolidaling tie 4 Provifions of the J'everal Ads passed for the Redemption ami Sale of ‘ the Land Tax, into One Ad, and for making further Provifion for 4 the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts re/peding 4 the Right of Perfons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of thi 4 Shire, and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Mef-4 fuagest Lands or Tenements, the Land Tax upon •which shall have §X54*	* been redeemed or purchased, Purchafcrs of Land Tax charged upon

4 Manors. Mefluages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, are by 4 virtue of that Aft adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the attual

•	Seizin and Poileflion of yearly Rents or Sums, as Fee Farm 4 Rents, equnl in Amount to the Land Tax so purchased by them,

4 to be issuing and payable out of the Manors, Mefluages, Lauds,

4 Tenements and Hereditaments whereon the Land Tax io purchased 4 was charged: And whereas no Perfon is allowed by Law to vote 4 for electing any Member of Parliament, in respect of any Annuity,

4 Fee Farm Rent or Rent Charge, without the fame being first duly

*	regiftered in manner directed by Law: And whereas Doubts have

4 arilea

AJD.i8ii«

3°3

51# GEO. III.	C.	99,	leo.

•	arifen whether any Perfon can vote at an Election for a Member of

*	Parliament in respect of any Land Tax so purchased as aforesaid, 4 without the fame or some Memorial of the Contract or Certificate 4 for such Purchafe being fir ft registered, in the fame manner as other 4 Fee Farm Rents, Rent Charges and Annuities, or Memorials of the 4 Grant thereof, are required to be registered as aforesaid ;f Now, for removing such Doubts, be it enacted and declared by the King’s Moft Excellent Maicfty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in order to entitle any Perfon to vote at an Ele&ion for a Member of Parliament, in respect of Land Tax so purchased as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to have the fame or any Memorial of the Contraft or Certificate of the Purchafe thereof registered, as other Fee Farm Rents and Annuities, or a Memorial of the Grant thereof, are required by Law to be registered before any Perfon can vote for electing a Member of Parliament in respect thereof.

CAP. C.

An Act to amend an Act parted in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Aft to regu-late the Trial of Causes, hidiftments and other Proceedings which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.	[26th June	1811.]

WHEREAS by an Aft of Parliament made and palTed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

* intituled. Art Afl to regulate the Trial of Causes, Indidmerits and 4 other Proceedings which arise within the Counties of certain Cities 4 and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, it is, amongst other * things, enacted, that it should and might be lawful for any Profe-4 cutor or Profecutors to prefer his, her or their Bill or Bills of In-‘ di&ment, for any OiFence or Offences committed or charged to be 4 committed within the County of any City or Town Corporate,

• to the Jury of the County next adjoining to the County of such 4 City or Town Corporate, fwom and charged to enquire for the 4 King for the Body of such adjoining County, at any Sertions of * Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery ; and that every such 4 Bill of Indiftment found to be a true Bill by such Jury should be 4 valid and effectual in Law, as if the fame had been found to be a 4 true BUI by any Jury fwom and charged to enquire for the King,

4 for the Body of the County of such City or Town Corporate : And 4 whereas it was further provided by the said recited Adt, that if it 4 should appear, in the manner therein mentioned, to any Court of 4 Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery for the County of any 4 City or Town Corporate, that any Indictment found by any Grand 4 Jury of the County of such City or Town Corporate, or any Inqui-4 fition taken before the Coroner or Coroners of the County of such 4 City or Town Corporate, or other Franchife, was fit and proper to 4 be tried by a Jury of any next adjoining County, that the fame 4 Proceedings and Trial should be had, and the fame Judgment should ‘ be given as would and might be had and given in cafeB ot Indiftments 4 or Inquifitions for the like Offences committed within such next ad-

4 join.nj

Regiftry °f

Purcluiie of Land Tax not necessary to entitle tu vote at Elc&ions.

3SG. 3. c.5».



3°4

C. 103.

510 GEO. III.

A.D.1811.

hi what cafei Sentence may be executed in the County of the City or Town Corpotate.

G-3'r-5* * 8.

Provifo for Payment of Expences not before pruviJcd for b/ the County of a City or Town Corporate.

*	joining Counties 5 but no Power was given in cases of Convi&ioo, io

*	purfuance of any of the Provifions in the said recited A61, of 4 ordering the Execution of the Sentence in the County of the City

*	or Town Corporate within which the Offence had been committed, ' and was charged to have been committed : And whereas it may be 4 fit and expedient, that in such cases the Punifhment should be 4 inflifted, and the Sentences put in Execution, in the refpe&ive

*	Counties of the Cities or Towns Corporate where such Offences

*	had been so committed :* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Adf, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before which any Conviction shall have taken place in pursuance of the Provifions of the said recited Adi, to order every such Convidl to be pimifhed according to Law, either within the County where such Convi&ion shall have taken place, or within the County of the City or Town Corporate wherein such Offence shall have been committed ; and in cases where the Court shall order such Convidl to be punished within the County of such Citv or Town Corporate, it shall and may be lawful for the Court after palling Sentence upon every such Convict or Convidls to order him, her or them to be delivered into the Cuftody of the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or other proper Officer or Officers of the County of such City or Town Corporate, and the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or other proper Officer or Officers of the County of such City or Town Corporate is and are hereby commanded to receive into his or their Cuftody every such Convidl or Convidts, and to execute the Sentence so pafTed upon him, her and them in such adjoining County, as if he, she or they had been tried and had received such Sentence in the County of such City or Town Corporate.

• IT. And whereas it is provided by the said in Part recited Adi, 4 that in all cases of Indidlments and other Proceedings which may be 4 tried before His Majesty’s Jufticesof Oyer and Terminer or General 4 Gaol Delivery, for any County in pursuance of the Provifions con-4 tained in the said Adt, it fiiould and might be lawful for such 4 Juft ices to order the Expences of the Profccution, and of the Wit-4 neflVs, and of the several Rewards payable. in pursuance of the 4 Statutes in such cases made and provided on the Conviction of 4 Offenders, to be paid by and to the fame Perfons and in the fame 4 manner as the fame would have been payable if such Indidmcnt 4 had been tried in the Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol 4 Delivery of the County of such City or Town Corporate: And 4 whereas it is just and expedient that a similar Provilion should he 4 made for the Payment of all other Expences which may be 4 incurred by any such adjoining County in relation to any Perfou 4 who may be tried or removed for Trial to such adjoining County, 4 for any Offence committed or charged to have been committed in 4 the County of any such City or Town Corporate ;* Be it therefore enabled, That it shall and may he lawful for the Justices of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, at any Scffion thereof hoklen for such County, and they are hereby required to order all Expences whatsoever incurred by such County in relation to any Pcrfon who shall be tried in such County or removed thither for Trial, for any

Offence

A.D.1811.

GEO. in. C. too, tot, lot; 305

Offence committed or charged to have been committed within the County of any such City or Town Corporate, as well in maintaining and supporting such Perlou and .carrying, the Sentence into Execution as in any other respect, to be repaid to the Treasurer of such County or other Perfon acting as Treasurer of such County, or who shall have actually paid such Expences, by the fame Perfon or Perfons and in the fame manner as the fame would have been payable if such Offender or supposed Offender had remained in the County of such City or Town Corporate, and had been tried in the Court of Oyer and Ter* miner or General Gaol Delivery of the County of such City or Town Corporate, and as if the Sentence with respect to such Offender had been carried into Execution within the County of such City or Town Corporate.

C A P. Cl.

An Act for amending an A ft of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Brityb White Herring Fifhery*	[26th	June	1811.J

*	TT7HER.EAS it is deemed expedient .that the Bounty granted 4*

*	W by ah Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of His present §*•

*	Majefty, intituled, An AS for the further Encouragement and better 1 Regulation of the British White Herring Fifhery, until the Firjl Day

*	of June Qne thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thenceforth

1 to the End.oJ the then next Sejfton of Parliament, should be extended 4 to Veffels under the Burthen of Sixty Tons Be it therefore enatted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent* of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority oi the fame, That, from and after the pafling of this Ad, the Bounty of Three Pounds per Ton granted by the said Ad to the Owner or Owners of any whole^decked Bnfs or Veffel of not less than Forty five Tons Burthen, (a) being' Z?r////Z>-buik, owned in Great Britain, and manned, navigated and registered according to Law, which shall be fitted out for and be adualTy employed in the Deep Sea BritifhWhite Herring Fifhery on the Coafts of Great Britain or Ireland, in the manner and subject to all the ’Regulations and Provifions preferibed by the said Ad.	(a) [The original AS is fo% but the whole

Intent of the EnaBmcnt appears to be omitted.']

II. And be it further enacted, That no such Veffel of less than How Veffels Sixty Tons and riot less than Forty five Tons Burthen shall be deemed minnti. to be properly fitted but for and to be duly employed in the British * Deep Sea White Herring Fifhery, so as to entitle the Owner or Owners to any Bounty on the Tonnage thereof by virtue of the said Aft, unless such Bute or Veffel shall be manned with Ten Men, or with Eight Men and Two Boys not under Thirteen. Years of Ago*

C A ,P. CII.

An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for discharging from the Claims of the Crown certain Real and Perfonal Eftatel belonging to General DtLancey, late Barrack Mafter General; and veiled mTruftees for Sale} and alfofor veiling and 51Cso.ni.	X	fettling

T

47 G.3. ScfT.a c. 69.

Indenture dated .Aug. 27,1806.

fpttgng certain lands heretofore	Jjo^e jpre!bafaf

by the /aid General jD* teapoy in Truftees/ to he fpjd for Payrrientof a Debt due to the Grown, and for other feufpo(e3 relative thereto.'	[26th Juste iJBji.j

*	TT7BEREAS an A& of Parliament was passed in the Forty

*	Jv( seventh Year of the l^eign of His prefect Majesty, intituled,

*	An jAQ for (tifcbarging from tie Claims of the Crown certain Real 4 and Ferfonal EJlales belonging to General fat Lancey, late Barracl 4 Afafter General^ and vejled in Trufteer for Sale, reciting, amonv

*	other things, that by Indenture of Bargain and Sale/mroued in the

*	Court of Chancery/and dated the Twenty feventhDfey of Aygujl

*	One thou land eight hundred "and fix, and made' between the'laid

*	Oliver De Lancey, therein (tiled Lieutenant General of Hb Majefty’l

*	Foroes, and some time since Superintendant General of Barracks,

*	and afterwards and late Barfack Mafter General of all the Barracks

*	for His Majesty rs Forcer, of the FfrflfPart ; the Right Honourable 4 William Wyndham Baron Grenville, the Right Honourable Harry 4 Betty (commonly called Lord Henry Petty), the Honourable John 4 Charles Spencer (commonly called Yifcount /fifZorO)/the Right

*	Honourable William Wictham and John Courtenay Esquire, Wng

*	then’the'Lords Commi(lioner8 of His Maiefty's 'TreaJuiy, of the ‘ Second Part; and William M{tfnrJ aid Joseph Alcoel'Eiquhei, of

*	the Third Part; reciting, that divers Sums of Public Mdney trti 4 vety confiderable Amount had been iraprefted to the feud Ohver Be 4 Lancey during* his Continuation in the Office of Barrack Maier 4 General, and upon investigating his Accounts with Government, it 4 had been found that a confiderable Balance was still remaining in 4 his Hands, but the exact Amount of such Balance had not beet)

*	ascertained ; be the said Oliver De Lancey, by the Dire&iort of the 4 said Lords Commtllioners, did in the manner and by the Defcriptioa 4 therein • mentioned, grant, bargain, fell and confirm, dire A, limit

*	and appoint all the Freehold Eftates of him the said Oliver De 4 Lanceyi in the County of Surrey, unto and to tbe'Ufe of them tht f said William Mitford and Joseph Alcocl, and their Heirs and Afljjgns, 4 for ever, (among other TruffsY upon Truft to fell tbfe fame (except 4 what had been contracted to be fold’ or exchanged*as therein men-4 tioned), and upon Payment into the Receipt of His Majefty's 4 Exchequer of the Money for which the fame should be fold, to the 4 Account of the said Oliver De Lancey, to convey the Tame to the ‘ Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, or as’he or they fhoirld direct ; aod ‘ that it was by the said Indenture declared, that alt the Monies, 4 which should in virtue thereof be paid into the Receipt of Hi#

*	Majefty's Exchequer, should he (b paid to the Intent that the 4 fame might be applied towards fatisfyihg the Balance due or that

*	might be found doe from the said Oliver De Lancey to His RJajefty

*	or his Succeflfors,' upon the final settling of the aforefaia Accotmti

* of him the said Oliver De Lancey, and aifo recking in the laid Ad of Parliament, that it was apprehended thkt Purchafers might object to the Title of the E Rates comprised Or deferibefl hr that Indenture •for want of a Quietus or Drfcnaa-ge from thd Crown for the Monies due and owing from the (hid Oliver De Lpjcey bpon ihe'Bahnce of his aforefald Amounts; it, was enaft'd tj^stt, tom and immedBitrly after the palling of tl$t Aftp/all and fipjjukr tie Er^hold^recii-

•	*	'	..........*	*	^‘tfiarnr^

AJLiSiL

C. loi.

5z°GE0.IIL

taments, which, in and by the find Indenture of Bargain and Sale, were granted, bargained and fold, with their Rights, Member* and Appartewances, fhonld remain, continue and be rested m theiA the said William Mitford and Jofeth Alcoci, and their Heirs and Affgns, upon aad for the Tru&s, Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to the Powers, Provifoes, Declarations and Agreement?, in and by the said Indenture of Bargain and Sale, limited, espreffed aad declared, of and concerning the fame, freed and di (charged and abfbiotely relcased, acquitted, exempted and exonerated, of and from all Sums of the Public Money, which had been iutpnefted ot advanced to the said Oliver De Laneey during his Continuation id the Office of Saperintendant General of Barracks, and in the Office of Barrack Mailer General as aforesaid, and of and from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, fot and on account of the fame: And whereas Part of the Land intended to be conveyed by the said Indenture of Bargain and Sale to the find WdRam Mitford and Jofeth Alcoclf and their Heirs and Allignsj to be fold as aforesaid, aad also intended to be confirmed to thent the said Trustees by the said Alt of Parliament, di(charged from all Claims of the Crown as aforesaid, confided of Two Pieces of Freehold Land, containing Fifty Acres or thereabouts, Phrt of Effingham Upper Common, lying in the Manor of Effingham EaJf Courtf in the County of Surrey, which had been fet out and allotted >y George Smallptece, the Commiifioner of an Inclofure Alt passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as Land to be fold to pay the Expences incurred by that Alt, and which Land the said Commiifioner had controlled to fell to the aid Oliver Dt Laneey, in consideration of the Sum of Six huudred and ferenty five Pounds, which was paid by the said Oliver Dt Lance* to the said Comxnifiioner: And whereas it being discovered hat the faid* Cemoaifiioner appointed by the said Alt of the Forty itcoad Year aforesaid, did not take his Oath of Qualification duelled by the said Inclofure Alt of the Forty second Year afore* iddv prior to his fet ting out and allotting the said Two Pieces of Land, containing Fifty Acres or thereabouts, as Land to be fold a pay the Expences incurred under the fame Alt, and his con-ratisng to fell the fame to the laid Oliver De Laneey as aforesaid, was conceived that the faidfettingout and Allotment and the said ?ontra& to fell were void ; and accordingly he the said Commiifioner laving first taken his Oath of Qualification as directed by the find Ad of the Forty second Year aforesaid, did, on or before the Sixth )ay of February One thousand eight hundred and eight, in purfu-ance of the Powers and Authorities given to and veiled in him by fiat Aid, aad the Ad tberfcin recited, and for the Porpofe of laying and defraying the Charges and Expences incurred in ob-aining and palling the said Ad of the Forty second Year afore* aid, and erf att other incidental Charges and Expences whatsoever neparatory to the said Inclosure,* and of carrying the fame into Uecufion, assign and allot Two Pieces or Parcels of Land, con-mmtig together Fifty Acres Part of Effingham Upper. Common afoas&d, tying hr the aforefaid' Manor of Effingham Eqft Court* etng lbs lame Lands as were origiiudly fet out and qllotted, and eootrsAed to be ibid by the said Commiifioner as.afore said : And whsitrn the aibreUdSoa of Six. hundred aad feveuty five Pounds

%°7

*>4 *

j«l	C. 102.	$i* GEO. IIL	A.D.1811.

*	fo paid to the (aid Commiffioner George Smallpiece by the said Oliver 4 De Lanecy as aforesaid, remained in the Hands. of him the (aid

*	Commissioner; and he the said Oliver De Laneey being desirous that

*	the said Two Pieces of Land containing Fifty Acres should be al-9 lotted to and veiled in the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock, *' and their Heirs and Afsigns, upon the Truftsof the said Indenture

*	of Bargain and Sale, and Att of the Forty seventh Year afore-4 said; aud that they the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock 9 should as such Trustees become the Purchafers thereof for the 4 said Sum of Six hundred and fevt nty five Pounds, the Money of 4 the said Oliver De Laneey, so paid by him to the said Commiffionrr 4 as aforesaid, he the said Commiffioner George Smallpiece did, by an 4 Inftrument in Writing under his Hand, dated the Sixth Day of 4 February One thousand eight hundred and eight, acknowledged 4 to have that Day received of and from the said William Milford 4 and Joseph Alcock, Trustees of the said Oliver De Laneey f the Sum 9 of Six hundred and seventy five Pounds, to be applied by him m 4 defraying such Charges and Expences as were in and by the (aid 4 Aft of the Forty second Year aforesaid directed to be paid and 4 discharged by the Sale of such Land, being the heft Price that 4 could be gotten for the fame Pieces or Parcels of Ground \ and he 4 the said Commiffioner George Smallpiece did declare the fame to be 4 the full Amount of the Purchafe Money for the Fee Simple and 4 Inheritance of aud in the fame Pieces or Parcels of Land so pur*

4 chafed by the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock ^ Trustees of 4 the said Oliver De Laneey: And whereas the said Coramifiiocer 4 George Smallpiece duly made and executed his Award in Writing 4 pursuant to the Directions of the laid Aft of the Forty second Year 4 aforesaid, dated the Ninth Day of July One thousand eight hundred 4 and eight, and did thereby fet out and assign and allot the Part or 4 Parts of the Common or Wafte Lands by that Aft directed orau*

4 thorized to be divided or inclosed next hereinafter particularly 4 defenbed, being the aforesaid Two Pieces or Parcels of Land,

4 containing Fifty Acres; that is to fay. One Piece or Parcel of 4 Land, containing Twenty Acres One Rood and Thirty fix Perches,

*	marked on the Plan thereto annexed III. bounded on the Fall by 4 Allotment marked VII. on the said Plan, and on the South West 4 and North Sides thereof by the First, Third and Fourth defenbed 4 Public Roads or Highways, the Fences on the South West and

4 North Sides whereof the said Commiffioner did thereby order and 1 9 direct to be made, and for ever after maintained and kept in Repair 1 4 by the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock, Trustees as afore* | 9 said, or the Owners of the said Allotment for the time beiog; aod , 9 One other Piece or Parcel of Land containing Twenty, nine Acrei

*	Two Roods and Four Perches, marked IV. on the said Plan,

9 bounded on the East by an Allotment marked XX. on the laid .

4 Plan; on‘the South, East, West and North by the Second, Third

4 and First deferibed Public Roads or Highways, the Fences agaieft ' which said Roads the said Commiffioner did thereby order and aired

*	to be made, and for ever after maintained- and kept in Repair bf 4 and at the Expence of the said William Mitford and Joseph AJcocq 4 Trustees as aforesaid; or the Owners of tb£ said Allotment for the

time being, which said Two Pieces or Parcels of Land containing together-Fifty Acres, the said Commiffioner bad fet QUti affigpeJ

A.D.i*n

C.102.

I°9

5.ie GEO. m.

c arid allotted as being in his Judgment fufEcient 'to raise a conrpe-Vtent Sum of Money for paying the Charges and Expences of

*	obtaining and pafBng the said Act of the Forty second Year aforc-4 said, aud all other incidental Charges and Expences whatsoever,

4 for or by reason of or preparatory to the said Divifion and Inclo-4 sure, and of carrying that Ad into complete Execution : And 4 whereas the said William Mitford and Jofiph Alcock have, in Exe-

*	cution of the Trufts reposed in them by the said recited Indenture 4 of Bargain and Sale, and Ad of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid,

*	contracted to fell to a Purchafer a confiderable Part of the said 4 entrusted Estates, comprising the said Two Pieces of Land, con-4 tailing Fifty Acres; but an Objection hath been made to the Title 4 of the laid Fifty Acres upon the Ground that the fame are not well 4 veiled in the said William Mitford and Jofepb Alcock upon the 4 Trufts aforesaid, by the Contrad and Award so made by the said 4 Commiflioner George Smallpiece, with and to them the fame Trustees 4 as aforesaid, and also that the fame Lands are not discharged from 1 the Claims of the. Crown, for the Monies due and owing from the 4 said Oliver De Lancey, upon the Balance of his aforesaid Accounts:

4 And whereas it is expedient that all such Objections be removed :

4 And whereas it is i;i and by the aforesaid Indenture of Bargain and Contra^ with 4 Sale of the Twenty seventh Day of Augufi One thousand eight 4 hundred and fix, recited, that the said Oliver De Lancey had	**	J?

*	entered into a Contrad dated the Twenty first Day of Augufi *

4 One thousand eight hundred and four, with the Right Honourable

4 Richard Brinflcy Sheridan, One of His Majesty’s most Honourable 4 Privy Couneil, and then Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, for the 1 Purchaie of Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches of 4 Land, situate in Effingham aforesaid, and had paid to him the said '

4 Richard Britfley Sheridan the Sum of Five hundred Pounds as

*	the Price thereof, but no Conveyance thereof had been executed 4 by him the said Richard Brinflcy Sheridan ; and after such Recital,

4 it is by the fame Indenture witneffect, that in consideration of all 4 and singular the Premises, he the said Oliver De Lancey did grant,

4 bargain, fell and assign unto the said William Mitford and Jofepb 4 Alcock, their Executors, Adminiftrators and Afsigns, The said Con-4 trad so entered into with the said Richard Brinflcy Sheridan, and all 4 Benefit and Advantage thereof, and also the laid Sum of Five 4 hundred Pounds, and all Intereft due or to become due thereon,

4 upon Truft and to the Intent that they the fame Trustees should 4 procure the said Contrad.to be specifically performed by a Con-4 veyance from the said Richard Brinflcy Sheridan, his Heirs or Af-4 Ogns, or by his or their Procurement of the said Lands comprized 4 iu the said Contrad, such Conveyance to be made to them the 4 said William Milford and Jofepb Alcock, and their Heirs and Ailigns 4 forever, upon and to and for such and the fame Trusts, Ends, In-4 tents and Purposes, and under and subject to such and the fame 4 Provifoes, Declarations and Agreements as are thereinbefore ex-4 prefied and declared of and concerning the said other Hereditaments

4 thereby directed to be fold : And whereas it is in and by the faid* *

4 Ad of Parliament of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid recited,'

4 that the Land mentioned in the said recited Indenture of Bargain *

4 ar.d Sale, as having been contracted to be purchased by the said 1 OlivfT fif Lfancey of tfie feid Richard Brinflcy Sheridan, from its'

*	X	J	.	Contiguity

C.I02*

A.IXi4it



SI* GEO. in.

IndMtunt of

Ztth tod IOth D^f ember 1800, and of nth and pith September]

Contiguity to the Capital Mefluage or Tenement at BJtngbam aforeuud, comprized in the fame Indenture, was extremely convenient to be enjoyed therewith, and it had not yet been afcer-tained that the said Richard Brinjley Sheridan could make a good Title thereto, and it might happen that some Perfon or Perfons other than the said Richard Brinjley Sheridan might be capable of making such Title, and it was apprehended that, from the said Piece or Parcel of Land being comprized in the fame Title with other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of greater Value, it might be found impracticable to purchase the lame Piece or Parcel of Land separately and detached from fnch other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, it was by the [faid A# therefore further enacted, That if it should be found impracticable to complete the said Contra# for the Purchafe of 'the laid Piece or Parcel of Land, containing Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches, or thereabouts, of the said Richard Brinjley Sheridan, then and in such case it should and might be lawful to and for the said William Milford and Joseph Alcoek, or the Survivor of them, or . his Hein or Afligns, to purchase the (aid Piece or Parcel of Land, containing Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches, or thereabouts, together with any other Freehold or Copyhold MefToages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, fituste in the find Parrtn of Effingham^ or in any adjoining Parifh or Place, so as the Purchafe Money for the fame should not exceed the Sum of Five thoufancT Pounds; and it was thereby further enacted, That all and singular the Freehold and Copyhold Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and • Hereditaments, which mould be purchiafed by them the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcoek, or the Survivor of them, his Htirs or Aligns as aforefaia, should be conveyed or aflurfed unto and to the Ufe of them or him, and their or nis Heirs and Aligns for . ever, upon and to and for the Trusts, Ends, Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to the Powers, Provifoes, Declarations and Agreements in and by the said therein recited Indenture of Bargain and Sale, expeefted and declared of and concerning the Freehold Manor and other Hereditaments thereby bargained and fold ae aforesaid : And whereas the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcoek having found it impracticable to complete the said Contra# for the Purchafe of the said Land containing Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches, or. thereabouts, separately and detached from . other Lands and Hereditaments, they the fame Trustees conceived' . it incumbent upon them, to purchase the Freehold and Copyhold Mcfcage or Tenement, Lands- and other Hereditaments described in, and granted and released and covenanted to be furrendened by the foveral Indentures of Leafe and Releafe hereinafter mentioned, of which Freehold Hereditaments the said Land, containing Ten . Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches, is Pareel: And whereas,

- under and by virtue of certain Indentures of Leafe and Release, dated, respectively the Eleventh and Twelfth Day* of December . 0r-£ thou fend eight hundred, the Releafe being made between Sir William Geary Baronet, of the Fir ft Part;* Charier Carpenftr Impure of- the Second Part; the Right Honourable Richard Brin/ley. Sheridan> Qne of His Majefty** moflr Honourable Privy' Couneil,* then Richard Brinjley Sheridan Esquire, of the-Third Pirt; John Robert. Cipher J£^ju'irc of \ho Fourth Patt; aniyBernard

f Craa/tomf

5*0 GHO. HI.	C. 162.

Cratifmni CfocVtr Oenflerajn, of tfie fllftfi Fart j by ,t^ie feecitajs In tfhicn fad Indenture of Releafe it appears that tjie said Richard\ Brirtjley Sltftdan Had previously, by hjmfelf or his Agent, contracted for the Purchafe of the said last mepiioned Freehold and Copyhold MeflSajJes, Farma, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, com* prizing the said Teh Atres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches; and afo by or under and by virtue of cenain Indentures of Leafe ahd.Kelease, dated refpe&ivety the.Eleventn and Twelfth Days of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Releafe being made or exprefTed to be ffladij between the laid John Robert Cocker of the FirjtPart, the ^a^ fiatjndrd Cranjloun Cocker of the, Second Part, and the said William Milford and Joseph Alcock of the Third Part, several Freehold and Copyhold MefTuage?, Farms,' Lands,. Tenements' and Hereditaments, in the fame Indentures^ particuhtrly defibribed, frtuatc, lying and being in the Parifhes of EJfogbam, Great Bookham and Little Booth am, in the said County qfSurrey, of which Freehold Hereditaments the said Piece or Par-, cel of Land, Containing Teh Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches is Pari and Pareel, have been, for the Confederations in the fame Indentures expressed, and particularly in consideration. of the Sum of Five thousand fix' hundred Pounds paid( by the said Wxiriam mitford and Joseph Alcock to the said John Robert Cocker, as the Purchafe Money for the fame Freehold and Copyhold Pre-. xnifes granted and repealed and conveyed and covenanted \o be fur^ rendered unto and to the Ufe of them the said IViUiam Mitford^ and Joseph Alcock, and their Heirs and Affigns for ever : And whereas the said Kece or Parcel of Land containing Ten Acres' Three Roods and Fourteen Perches is Part of the (aid entrusted Eftates contracted to be fold by the said William Milford and Jo-febh Alcock to a Purchafer; but an Obje&ion hai|i been made to4 the Title of the said Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen, Perches, foi* Want of a Quietus or Difcharge from the Crown for the* Monies due and owing, or that may be found due and owing from the said Richard, Brinjley Sheridan, upon the Balance of hi^s Accounts with the Crown as Treasurer of the Navy; and it is ap-, prehended that for the fame Reafon the Title of the Refidue of the said Freehold Mefluages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments comprized in the said Gift mentioned Indentures of Leak and Releafe may be obje&ed*to, and it is expedient that such Objections be removed : An<* whereas the said Sum' of Five thousand six hundred PoumSs paid by the. said William Mitford and Jafeph Alcock as the Confideration for the Freehold arfd’Copyhold Hereditaments so purchased by them as aforesaid, exceeds the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, which by the aforesaid AGt of the Forty seventh,. Year aforesaid they were authorized to layout in a Purchafe as aforesaid hy the Sum of Six; hundred Pounds; Aud whereas they the fafd* WitRnm Miiford'ixid Joseph Ale oik were induced to make’ fuch'iSi rebate, fthougfi the fame was tor’the Extent of the said Suns.' of Six hundred Pounds an Excefs of their Truft V on account of tjie great Benefit and Advantage that, would thereby be derived to* the Bulk of the Eftates vetted in them the said William Mitford and Jofefh Alcock in Truft to he, fold, as aPorefaip; and it is rca* fonable, under the particular Circunriftances of this case, that the said Wiltum Mitford and Joseph Alcock be indemnified for having*

5**

C, i9it

ji’GEO. IIL.

AJXi&n

4 so exceeded the Truft reposed in them :. But inasmuch as the Pw-1 poses aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority * of Parliament ;* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and wjth the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and The Freehold by the Authority of the fame. That, from and immediately after the and other JPre- palling of this A&, all the aforesaid Two Pieces or Parcels of Land mises aforesaid hereinbefore particularly described, containing together Fifty Acres, vefteTinUTni(V ^ith *lle*p a,i<^ evei7 their Rights, Eafements, Members and Ap-tees in Truft * purtenances ; and also all and singular the (aid Freehold and Copy-exonerated of hold Mefitiages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by *11 Claims of 0r under and by virtue of the said several Indentures of Leafe znd Re-ths Crown, See. sease granted, released and conveyed and covenanted to be surrendered, including the said Piece or Parcel of Land containing Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches, with *11 the-Rights, Eafements, Members and A ppurtenances thereto belonging, shall be and remain and continue vetted in and fettled upon and to the IJfe of them the said William Mttford and Joseph Alcacky and their Heirs and Alugns for ever, upon and to and for the Trulls, Intents and Purpofcs, ar.d under and fubjefl to the Powers, Provifoes, Declarations and A £ cements, in and by the said Indenture of Bargain and Sale limit *d, expressed and declared of and concerning the Freehold Heredit. nv ,:s therein comprized, and thereby conveyed in Truft to be fold a* said, freed and discharged, and absolutely released, acquitted, exempted and exonerated as to, for and concerning the said Two }\ce$ of Land containing Fifty Acres, with the Appurtenances, of aud from all Sums of the Public Money which have b*en imprefted or advanced to the said Oliver De Lancey during his Continuation u the Office of Superintendant General of Barracks, and in the Otfut*of Barrack Matter General as aforesaid, and of and from ail Clints and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and SucctiTors, for ar.d on account of the fame; and also freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands of the said Oliver De Lancey, his Hrir* or Afsigns, and as, to, for and concerning all and singular th<_ said Freehold and Copyhold Mefluages, Farms, Lands, Tenement* and Hereditaments by the said several Indentures of Leafe and Rcleafe granted and released, qnd covenanted to be furreudered as aforesaid, including the said Piece or Parcel of Land containing Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches, with the Appurtenances, freed and discharged, and absolutely released, acquitted, exempted and exonerated of and from all Sums of the Public Money which have been imprefted or advanced to the said Richard Lrinjley Sheridan during his Continuance in the Office of T^afurer of the Navy, or for which he is or may be accountable to the Crown in that Character; and of and from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, for and on aCcpuot of the fame, apd also freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands of them the said Richard BrinJUy Sheridan and Oliver De Lancey respectively, and Purchifer, on their respective Heirs and Affigns ; and that all and every Purchafer paying Purchase or Purchafers of the said MefTuages, Lands and Hereditaments hereby Money,io snjoy veiled and fettled as aforesaid, who shall pay his or their Purchaie Money into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer as is expressed in the laid Indenture of Bargain and Sale, and who Hull obtain a

Rccc* ^

A.D.i8n.

3*3

510 GEO. HI.	Q.	lot,	xp3.

Receipt or Receipts, Tally- or Tallies, or other Voucher from His Majesty’s Exchequer for such refpettive Purchafe Monies, and the Heirs and Afligns of such Purchaser or Purchakrs, shall and may for ever hold and enjoy the Lands and Hereditaments hereby veiled and fettled, which shall be by him or them respectively purchased as aforc-said, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, rcleafcd, exempted and exonerated as aforesaid.

II.	And be it further enacted, That they the said William Mil- Trufteea mdeon ford and Joseph Aback, and their refoeftive Heirs, Executors and nified. Adminiftrators, and their and every of their Lands and Tenements,

Goods and Chattels, are hereby and from henceforth for ever shall be saved harmless, and indemnified for having made such Purchafe as aforesaid for the Price and in manner aforesaid, and also freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demai ds whatsoever of Hi*

Majesty, and his Heirs and SuccefTors, and of the said Oliver De Lancey, and'his Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, for or in respect of the said Purchafe so made by them the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock as aforesaid ; and for or in respect of the said Sum of Five thousand six hundred Pounds so paid for the said Purchafe. as aforesaid, or any Part of the fame Sum ; and for or in respect of any Coils, Charges, Damages or Expenccs caused or occasioned to the aforesaid entrusted Edates by reason of such Purchafe.

III.	Saving always to the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, his General Savin*. Heirs and SuccefTors, (other than and except in respect of the Sums

of Money, Claims and Demands hereinbefore released and difcharged) 5 and also saving to all other Bodies Politic and Corporate, and other Perfons vvhomfoever, and their respective SuccefTors,

Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, and particularly to the Lord dr Lords, 'Lady or Ladies of the Manors, whereof the said Copy-hold Hereditaments hereby veiled and fettled as aforesaid are re-fjpe&ively hoiden (other than and except the said Oliver De Laneey and Richard Brinjley Sheridan respectively, and their respective Heirs,

Executors and Adminiftrators, and the said William Mitford and	\

Joseph Alcockt and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Af-figns), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interect, Claim and Demand whatioever, of, in and to the Meffuages, Farms, Lands and Hereditaments hereby veiled and fettled as aforesaid, as they, every or any of them had before the palling of this Ad, or could or might have had, held or enjoyed in case this Aft had not been made.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall be a Public Public ASL Aft, and shall be taken Notice of and allowed as such by all Judges,

Justices and others, without the fame being specially pleaded’

CAP. CIII.

An Aft to authorize the allowing Officers to retire on Half 1 Pay or other Allowances, under certain Reftriftions.

[26th June 1811.]

*	TTTHEREAS it is expedient and necessary, that better Pro-

*	VV vision should be made for the Retirement of Officers disabled 4 by Wounds, or rendered incapable of Service by Age, 111 Health f or Infirmity, and also for enabling Officers removed from the Per-

*	manent Staff of the Quarter Mailer General, to receive Half

•	«	Pay	:*

p*

Hit Majesty •nay allow Officer! unfit for Mee to retire »a Half Pay.

Officer! m Veteran Battalions a Bowed 10 retire <a Putt Pay.

Secretary it War •nd Tm iiury to direct the Form ot Certificates,

Stc

4jG.3c.n3.

<1103,104.	51d GEO. III.	jLb.ifxr.

* PayMay it therefore please Your Majesty th£t it may be enafieft j and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and With the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament assembled, and $y the Authority of the fairie, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, to allow any Officer in His Mfajefty’s Service who would be entitled upon the Reduftion of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or of his Commiffion in His Maje(ty,s Service, to Half Pay, and who shall become unfit for Service, either from Wounds, or 111 Health, or Infirmity, or Age, to be certified to the Secretary at War in manner directed by this Aft, and who shall thereupon be allowed to retire under the Provifions of this Aft, to have and receive the Half Pay of the Commiffion which he shall have held the time of his being so allowed to retire, although the Regiment in which he shall Have lerved, or the Commiffion which he fhafi have Held, shall not be reduced; and also to allow any Officer removed from the Permanent Staff of the Quarter Mailer General, to have and receive the Half Pay of the Rank in the Army winch! he held ait the time of being (o removed as aforesaid. t ,

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTorq, to allow any Officer serving in any Veteran Battalion, or any Officer who would by Length of Service or otherwise be entitled to be transferred from any Regiment of the Line to a Veteran Battalion, who mall become Of ge incapable of serving in such Veteran Battalion, eithef from Wounds* 111 Health, Infirmity or Age, to be certified to the Secretary at War in manner directed by this Aft, and who shall thereupon be'allowed to retire under the Provifions of tthis Aft, to have and; receive the full Pay of the Commiffion which he shall have beldt at the tiffie of his helng so allowed to retire as aforesaid.

, III. And be it further enacted, That it (halt be lawTul for the Secretary at War for the time being* and the Lord Higli Treasurer or Commlffioners of His MajeftyVTreafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to order and diieft the Form and Nature of the Certificates which shall be given by Medical or other Perfons in relation to Officers applying to retire on Half Pay or on Full Pay front axiy Veteran Battalion, provided that every such Certificate shall state whether the Officer by whom the fame shall be transmitted is renderW wholly incapahle of serving for Life or only for a temporary Period, together with such other Particulars as mall be required in that behalf; arid every such Certificate shall be registered at the War Office, and. an Account of the Officers so allowed to retire in each Year shall be laid before Par-liament.

C A P. CIV.

An Act for extending and amending th^ Regulations in force, relative t/o the Payment to the Royal Hofpital at Chelfia of the forfeited and unclaimed Shares' of ATHiy Prize* Money.	[o6th	June itfVi.J

4 XXT HEREAS^ an	i«	thVjflartV tainth Yfeat of

c VV His present MhjeftV, inmdledi An Aft to1 explain ari&amMii 1 ah' Aft! mnih iff the perff jftt Teat of His present l/taffiy , for tbo

• Enc<mra$c+

ti

A.D.ifc*r<

$1^ GEOi HI*	C.	104*	jtJ

*	Encouragementof Seanieri, and for the better and more eJfeBuedly 4 manning Hit Majifty's Navy during the prtfent War, and for the 4 further Encouragement of Seamen $ and for the belter and more ef>

4 feQuaUy providing for the Intereft of the Royal Hofpital for Seamen 4 at Greenwich, and the Royal Hojbital for Soldiers at Chelsea; and 4 to extend the Provifions of the said ASt to pases arising in confix 4 queues of HoJlU'tiut commenced Jinee the pnjfing of the said A3:

*	And where** it is neceffaty that the fasd recited Aft should be

*	altered and amended ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lord* Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons* in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That so $x6. extendede» much of the said recited Aft as directs the Payment to the Treafurer

or Deputy Trrafurer of Chelsea Hefpttal of all unclaimed and unpaid	****

Shares of Prise or Balances remaining unpaid to Officers and Sol* * diers, and Troops in the Pay of His Majesty, in cases of conjunft Expeditions with His Majesty’s Naval Foroes, /hall be extended to all cafe* of Prise and Capture, or any Grant upon Capture or Ba~ lances arising therefrom, not claimed by Officers, Soldiers and Troops in the Pay of His Majesty, or acting in any Service or Expedition under the Orders of His Majesty; and all the Provifions of the said recited Aft irt relation to the Payment of unclaimed Shares of Prize Money, shall extend to authorize and require the Payment in like manner mid under the like Reftriftions and Regulations of all fuel* unclaimed and unpaid Shares of Prize and Balances remaining unpaid to any Officers or Soidlers, or Troops in the Pay of His Majeftyj employed in Military Operations, and not conjointly with the Navy* as fully and effieftually as if all the Provisions, Regulations, Authorities, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things relating thereto, were feverslly repeated and re~enafted in the Body of and made fSrt of this Aft.

* II. And whereas the said recited Aft gives all Sharesor Balances 4p gL^-c.*

4 of unclaimed Prize Money which should nave been paid into Chelsea § x6.

*	Ho/fital as aforesaid, and not legally demanded within Six Years

4 from the time of its being so paid in, to the Ufe of the said Royal	«

* Hofpitftl at Chelsea, but gives no Direftions with respect to the 4 Appropriation of the Monies during the said Six Years, except so 4 far as reipefts the refunding to Claimants legally entitled to Shares

*	thereof, and except also the Remuneration of rerfons employed in € carrying the said recited Aft into Execution^ and other Ex pence*

4 attending the fame: And whereas it may4 be expedient, under the

*	Direftions of Parliament, to apply from time to time Monies arifing

*	from such unclaimed Shares of Prize Money to the Ufe of Chelsea 4 Hofpttal before the Expiration of the said Six YearsBe it enacted, That so much or the said recited Aft as require* or may be confttued to require the said Treafuner or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hoffital to retain in* his Handrail unclaimed Prize Money for the Penod of Six* Year* from the time the fame shall have been

paid into his Hands, shall be and the fame irhereby repealed; thd repealed, fiiid Commiffiooers retaining always in their HaridB such a Sum of Money 81 ia their judgment will be sufficient to answer aby Glfcimi which may1 be made by thb fevers!* PferfonS entitled'to fudh Shares of Prize1 Money, or tbfcitt legal* Representative*;

31<y

C. 104.

51® GEO. TIL

A.D.iSu.

Forfeited Shares or Balances of Prize Money vested in tne Funds,

Securities in the Name of Deputy Tre fjrer trans f<rred t-o Governor, &.c*

Shares of Prise Money raid to Next of Kin without Admi-nift ration, &c if not exceeding soil

Prise Money due to Next of JGn of Foreigners paid without Letter* of Ad-■uniftrauou, &C.

III.	And bef it further enacted,' That it shall be lawful forihs said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to cause any Sum or Sums of Money of the unclaimed or forfeited Shares or Balances of Prize Money so paid in as aforesaid, to be invested in the Public Funds or other Government Securities, in the Name of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor and Deputy Treasurer, for the time being of the said Royal Hofpital, and to direct the Dividends and Jntercft arising therefrom from time to time to be applied to the general Current Services of the Hofpital.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Inveftments which have been heretofore made of the unclaimed Prize Money, or Shares or Balances, so paid in as aforesaid in the Public Funds, or other Government Securities, in the Name of the Deputy Treasurer, shall be as legal, valid and effectual, as if the fame had been made under the Authority of this Aft; and the fame Securities shall, after the pafling of this Aft, be transferred into the Names of the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor and Deputy Treasurer, and shall veil in them for the Purpofes of the laid Royal Hofpital, as if such Inveilments had been originally made under the Authority of this Aft.

V.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Royal Hofpiul at Cbrlfta to authorize their Deputy Treasurer to pay to any Perfon or Perfons who Hull prove him, her or themselves to the Satisfaction of such Commiflionro or of the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, to be the next of Kiu, or legal Rcprefeutalive, or otherwise legally entitled to auv Share of j?rize Money belonging to any deceased Soldier, aoy (uch Share, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, although such Perfon shall not have regularly taken, out Letters of Admini fixation, or have procured the Probate of any Will of iuch deceased Soldier, Seaman or Marine.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Claims for Prize Money to be mack* upon the said Royal Hofpital at Cbrlfu, by the next of Kin of Foreign Non-commiffioned Officers or Soldiers who shall have been in the Pay of His Majesty, and who shall hare died intestate, and which next of Kin shall refideout of His Majetty’s Dominions, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the laid Royal Hofpital for the time being, to pay and discharge such Claims to such next of Kin, or any Perion .or Perfons duly authorized by such next of Kin, to receive the fame, without requiring the Production of Letters of Adrainiftration, to the Perfon appeariig upon the Prize Lift, to be entitled to the Share or Shares which shall be so claimed $ and in all cases where such Foreign Non-com-miffioned Officers or Soldiers shall have made Wills, it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, in like manner to pay and satisfy such Claims to the Perfon or Perfons who by Infp^ftion of the original Will, or an authenticated Copy thereof, shall appear to be entitled thereto, or to such Perfon or Perfons as he, (he or they shall duly authorize to receive the fame, without requiring the Production of Probates of such Wills.

* VII. And whereas it has been the Praftice of Army Agents,

*	Regimental Paymafters and others, to obtain Powers of Attorney

*	from 'large Proportions of different Regiments, authorizing their 1 Receipt of Prize Monpy from the Prize Agents and from Cbtlfea

-A.D.x8ii.

3*7

510 GEO* III.	C. 104.

« Hofjntal, and large Sums of Money have by virtue of such Powers 4 come into the Hands of such Army Agents, Regimental Paymaiters * and others, for which they ought to account;’ Be it therefore enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Chelsea Commiflionenof Hof pit al from time to time to issue Precepts under their Hands, or ^he,rcl Hofpiul the Hands of any Three or more of them, directed to such Perfons Retur^from* as they may have Reafon to believe have received Money under such persons who Powers as aforesaid, requiring them to make a Return upon Oath have obtained (which Oath any Juftice of the Peace, or the Treasurer or De- Powersof At-puty Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital at Cbelsea, for the time being, is authorized to adminifter) of all Monies which may have	revived

been received by such Perfon,, under any such Powers as aforesaid, and ty them, and directing the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Precepts shall be ad- require Payment dressed to make Payment within Two Calendar Months after such in Two Month* Precept shall have been served, of all Monies which may remain in his or their Hands, not paid over to the Parties beneficially entitled to it, to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hofpital, and such Monies, in case the fame shall not be paid over within the time limited by this Aift, shall be recoverable from the Perfon detain-	%

ing the fame by Adion for Money had and received, or otherwise, in the Name of such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpiul at Chelsea ; and the fame when so paid in or recovered,

shall be for the Ufe of the Parties beneficially entitled thereto; and Limitation ct in case no Claim shall be made thereto for the Space of Six Years Claim of Piix# from the time of the fame being paid into Chelsea Hofbital as afore-said, the fame shall be applied to the Ufe of the said Hofpiul, and in the mean time and until the Expiration of such Six Years, or till the fame shall be claimed by the Perfon or Perfons legally entitled thereto, the lame shall be inverted and applied as Shares of unclaimed Prize Money are hereby directed to be in retted and applied,

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Accounts Lid Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hofpital at Chelsea, for the before l*arlu" time being, and he is hereby directed and required to lay annually mtnl* before both Houfes of Parliament an Account in the Form fet forth in the Schedule to this Ad, or in some Form to the fame Tenor and Eifed; and that such Accounts shall be made up to the .Twenty fourth Day of December in every Year, the First of them to com* raence from thfc Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, up to which Period Accounts have already been laid before Parliament.

SCHEDULE

s»*

£1*4*105.

5i»geq. nx.

AJXi8n.

SCHEDULE to wladL Aft rt(en.

The Account of the Deputy Trcriurer of the Royal Hofpital ?t CheUen, direfleJ to be annually l*id before both Houfet of Parliament, by an A A of the 5 it C«.J.

Dr.	Cr.

Date of Year.

To Cxlb arising from forfeit-' ed and unclaimed Shares of I*rixe Money, See. received from ft ise Agents, ▼tx.

[Hare fet forth the Names of the fevers# Per foes from whom the Monies have been received, the several Sums received from each Perfom, and Use fivtrat Captures, &c. to which each Susft relates.]	^

To Do. arising from the Di.' vidends or Inter eft of Monies inverted in the ► Public Funds or other Government Securities

£

N. B. There are now flam ing in the Names of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor and Deputy Treasurer of the Hofpital, and they are in the Pofleffion of the several Sums of Stock and the other Government Securities under mentioned, videlicet.

[Herefate the Particular si]

Date of Year.



By Cato refunded toCLusa-?

ants -»	•	i

By Do. prid in remunerating the Officers qf the laid Royal Hofphal end other	for	their

Pains and Trouble in carrying the Provifiont of the Afts of the 45 Geo. 3. < Cap. 7*. 49 Geo. 3, Clqp. 1x3. and 51 Geo. 5. c. . into Execution, and is defraying aH other costing*!* E^pences attending the fame.

By Do. inverted inthe Public* Funds or other Govern mem Securities - - ^ Balance in the Hands of the? Treasurer -	- J

j£

CAP. CV.

An Aft to enable Perfons to bequeath Lands and Tenement* to the Gomrai Sonera for the Government of The Royal Navel jlfylum, 3nd to authorize the said CosamiUkmera to hok! the fame for the Benefit of the said Afylum 5 and for amending an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His prefect Majesty relating to the said Afylum. [26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS Hi9 Majesty was pleased, by Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, dated the Twenty ninth Day of Jfril 4 One thousand eight hundred and nine, to establish an Inftitution, 4 called “ The Royal Naval Afylum for the Management and Edit-• cation of a certain Number of Orphans and other Children of the * Non-coramiflioned Officers and Seamen of His Majesty’s Fleet, sad * of the Royal Marine Forces and appointed divers Perfons to be • Commiflioners for the Government thereof 5 And whereas well dif-4 posed Perfons may be willing and desirous of deviling Frtehold ( Mefluages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to the said Coo-* miffioners, for the Purpofe of enabling them to carry into wore

‘ cffeAni

4-.P.I&U.

5i’C£0. UJ.

CiP5,

V9

•	effe^iia] Ex^ution the beneficial Purpofe* of th? fa id Jnftitutipn,

4 if the Statutes of Mortmain did not prevent fach D^viles ; an^t 4 it would greatly tend to the Benefit of the {aid Afylum, and of thf

•	Public, (i Power was given for any Perfon or Perfons to devise or 1 give, and for the fa.id Coipmiflioners to accept, take and hold 4 MefTuage*. Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments for the Ufe of 4 the said Afylum: And whereas by an Ad passed in the Forty

4. seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An 47 G.J. SeCf* 4 AB for enabling His MajcJly to grant the Palace called The King’s C#J**

•	House, with the Appurtenances, situate in Greenwich Park, i/i

4 County of Kent, to the Cornmijftoners for the Government of The 4 Roy^I Naval i^fylum, and for enabling the said Commissioners to ap+

4 point a Chaplain to officiate therein, it was, among other things,

4 enacted, That it should be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs ot,	% f.

1 Succeflors, by Fitters Patent, to gimu the Fee Simple and In-4 heritance of the {aid Hereditaments and P/emife* unto and to the 4 Ufe of fqch Perfons as His (aid Majesty had by hi0 Royal War-

•	rant, bearing Date on the Twenty fifth l)ay qf July One thpufand

•	eight hundred and five, appoint'd Commiljioners for the Govern-

•	merit o( the said Royal Naval Afylum, their Heirs and Afsigns, in

•	Trust, for the yfe and Benefit of the said Royal Naval Afylum s

•	Ana wbereap His Majesty was pleased, by virtue and in pursuance

4 of t^e said Afi, by H!> Royal Letters Patens, bearing Date at 4	tHe	Eighfh Day of June in the Forty seventh Year of

4 His Reign, tQ give and grant unto Hi? Royal Highnefc Rrnejl 4 Duke of Cumberland\ and Five of the Comsn{(fioner$ of the fau|

9 Royal Afatfg/ Afylum, all the Hereditaments and Premifes mj-u-4 tioned and comprized in the said recited Ad, to hold to them and 1 their Heirs and Affigns for ever in Truft and for the Ufe and Be-4 ne$t of, the (aid Royal Naval Afylum : And whereas it bas been 4 lately difeoyered. that there is by Miftake included in the said Ad 4 a riece or Parcel of Ground containing One Acre One Rood and 4 Sixteen Perches which d^d not belong to His Majesty, but which 4. belongs to and is the Property of the Governors aud Diredors of 4_ the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich :f May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; ai\d be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty^ by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by tne Authority of the fame.

That it shall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons whomfo- Perfons may ever to give, devise or bequeath any Meffuages, Lands, Tenements devise and Coro-or Hereditaments to and for the Ufe and Benefit of Tbe Royal Naval miffioners may Afylum ; and that the said Comm>i(fioners and their Succeflors shall gj*^^1** ***** be able and capable in Law* without Licence in Mortmain, to take, a * hold, receive, possess and enjoy to them and their Succeflors, for the Pyrppfes of the said Afylum, any Manors, Meffuages, Lands,

Rents, Tenement?, Annuities and Hereditaments of what Nature or Kind soever, or any Eftate dr Intereft arifipg or derived out of any Manors^. Myfluages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to then\ and tbpr.Suqceflors, in Fee and Perpetuity, or for Life or Lives, or Terms of Years, or otherwise, and to let, fell, alien, assign and dif* poss oftfie fame Manors, Meffuages, La°ds, Tenements and Heredi-* tamentl at th<rir_\Vill aud PleaUire, and in such manner as shall be. fqr the. (aid Iuftitutipu,

II. And

32a

AJX1811

47 G. 3. SelT. x. <•5*.

repealed.

His Majesty empowered to front the Pre-nifes mentioned to the Commif-Wonerv of the Havel Afjtum.

Gioj.	5i°GEO.	IIL

II.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of thjs Ad, the said Ad palled in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present M jefty (except such Part thereof as relates to the Appointment of a Chaplain to the said Royal Naval Afylnm, and except so much thereof as exempts from Penalties, on account of Non-residence, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, any spiritual Perfon acting as Chaplain, Auditor, Secretary, or iq any other public Office in the said Afylum), shall be and the fame i* hereby repealed.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccelTors, at any time or timet hereafter, by Letters Patent, or Indenture or Indentures, under thq Great Seal of Great Britain, to grant the Fee Simple and Inheri-tance of and in all and (ingular the capital MefTuage or Manfion House. Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premifes hereinafter mentioned and deferibed, unto and to the Ufe of such Perfons as Hit said Majesty has by his Royal Warrant bearing Date on the Twenty fifth Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hun-dred and five, in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, appointed Commiffionere for the Government of the {aid Royal Naval Afylum, their Heirs and Afsigns, or to such of the said Commiflioners as His Majesty may think fit, their Heirs and Afsigns, in Trust, for the Ufe and Benefit of the said Royal Naval AJjlumx and for the Purpofe of the said Inftitution 5 that is to fay, the Palace or Manfion House commonly called The King's House or The Queen*: Houfey the Ranger’s Lodge, with the Gardens, Tilt Yard, Lodges and Appurtenances belonging or appertaining thereto, situate in Greenwich Park, in the County of Kent, which said Premifes com. prize all that One Piece or Parcel of Ground, whereon lately ftoo^ all that capital Manfion and Offices heretofore called The King't House or The . Queen's House (but now called The Royal Naval Afylum), situate, lying and being within the Parifh of EaS Green* vj'ichy in the County of Kenty abutting towards the North on that Part of Romney*s Road which leads from Parle Rowf at the South East Corner of Greenwich Hofpital, to that Part of Romney'% Road at the South Well Corner of Greenwich Hofpital, and there containing Seven hundred and twenty three Feet Eleven Inches, little more or less; and abutting toward the West on a Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to Greenwich Hofpital, and used as a Garden by the Governor of the said Hofpital, and there containing Four hundred and twenty seven Feet Three Inches; thence returning W'eftwaru along and abutting Northward on the South End of the said Garden, and there containing One hundred and thirty {even Feet Five Inches; thence returning agaiu Southward, and abutting further toward the West on that other Part of Romney's Road which leads from Greenwich Park to Ship Docly and there containing Forty one Feet Eight Inches, little more or less; thence returning Eaftward, and abutting toward the South upon Greenwich Park, ana there con-tabling Forty three Feet and Five Inches, little more or less; theoce returning Northward, and abutting toward the East upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Five Feet and rour Iuches, little more or less $ thence returning Eaftward, and abutting again toward the South upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing One hundred and seven Feet, little more or kb j thence returning

So«thward|

u

AJ3.i8i U

5i* GEO. HI.	C.	105.	3^*

Southward, and abutting toward the West upon the laid Greenwich Park, and there containing Seventy Feet and Eight Inches, little more or less; thence returning E aft ward and abutting again toward the South upon the laid Greenwich Park, and there containing Six hundred and sixty eight Feet and Nine Inches, little more or less ; and abutting toward the East in part upon the said Greenwich Park, and containing in such Part Forty Feet and Six Inches, little more or less; and in other Part upon Park Row, and containing in such other Part Four hundred and ninety eight Feet and Four Inches, little more or less; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Ground (whereon (lands all that Lodge and Out-buildings lately used as the Refidence of the Maitrc ePHotel of Her Royal Highnefs the Princefe of Wales, and heretofore used as the Reiidence of the Clerk of the Works or Labourer in Trust, in the said King's House or the Queen's Houfe), (ituate, lying and being within the said Parifti of East Greenwich, in the said County of Kent, and (ituate to the Eaftward of the (aid lad mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground, and abutting toward the North upon Park Place, and there containing Eight hundred and ten Feet, little more or less, and abutting toward the West upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Fifty fix Feet* and Four Inches, little more or left; and abutting toward the South upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Eight hundred and eight Feet and Four Inches; little more or led; and abutting toward the East upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Fifty eight Feet, little more or less; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Ground (whereon Hands all that Lodge, now or lately occupied by Sir John Douglas Knight, and heretofore occupied by Admiral Braibwayte) (ituate, lying and being within the Pariih of Eaf Greenwich, in the (aid County of Kent, and (ituate to the South Eaftward of the said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground, and abutting at the North End 'thereof toward the North upon Park Place, and there containing. Twenty three Feet and Nine Inches, little more or less; and abutting toward the West upon the said .

Greenwich Park, and there containing Fifty two Feet and Eight Inches, little more or less; thence returning Eaftward, and abutting* toward the South upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Sixteen Feet, little more or less; thence returning Southward, and again abutting toward the West upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Three hundred and ninety two Feet, little more or less ; and abutting toward the South upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Sixty one Feet and Six Inches, little more or less 5 and abutting toward the East upon Maw Hill, and there containing Four hundred and ten Feet, little more or less; and thence trending North West ward in an Angle of Forty seven Degrees, and abutting upon and facing the South End of the Road leading from Park Place to Woolwich, and there containing Fifty one Feet and Four Inches, little more or less.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That such Grant of the said Pre- Grant of Lands mises, or any Part thereof, as shall be made by Hi9 said Majesty, his valid*

Hein or Succeflors, by anv such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this A&, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and enacted to be good, valid and effectual in the’

Law, according to the Tenor and Purport thereof, in the said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures to be exprefied, notwith(landing any .	51 Geo. III.	Y	Reftriftiop,

AJ).iSn.

3**

l Ann. Statx. r. 7-

1G3.C.1,

34 G.3. c. 75.

47 G. 3. SefT. 1.

explained with regard to Settlement.

General Saving.

Public A€t.

C. 105,106.	5if	GEO.	m.

Reftriftion, Matter or Thing contained in an A ft of Parliament made in the First Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, in. tituled, An A8 for the better Support of Her Majefly't HoufcboU, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown ; or in an Act made in the First Year of His preient Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An A8 fir the Support of His Mcijtjly's Houfehold, and of the Honour and Dip nity of the Crown of Great Britain 5 or in an A ft made in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty** Reign, intituled, AnAdjor the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, andfortht Sale of Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rente ; or any other Law or Statute to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

4 V. And whereas it is by the said recited Aft enacted, That np 4 Officer, Servant or other Perfon who Should belong to or reside in 4 the said Royal Naval Afylum, or Officer, Servant or other Perfon 4 retained or employed in the said Royal Naval Afylum, either by or 4 in the Service of the Commissioners for the Purpofes of the laid 4 Royal Naval Afylum, or by or in the Service of any Perfon or • Perfons residing in or belonging to the said Royal Naval Afyleu,

4 Should, by reason of any such Office, Refidence, Service or Em-4 ployment gain or acquire any Settlement in or be entitled to Relief 4 from the Parifh of Greenwich ; and it is expedient that in this re.

4 fpeft the said Aft Should be explained and amended:* Be it therefore further enacted and declared, That nothing in the said Ad contained Shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent any Perfon or Perfons attached to and residing in the said Rojd Naval Afylum from acquiring a Settlement in the said Psarifh of Greenwich, by reason of his, her or their having occupied or been entrusted with an Apartment or Teneraent in the said Royal Novel Afylum of the annual Value of Ten Pounds; but that the Provifioo in the said recited Aft, upon the Subieft of Settlements to be ac- | quired in the said Parifh of Greenwich, Shall extend atid be applicable only to Settlements by Hiring and Service, and by Apprenticeships.

VI.	Saving always to all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and all other Perfons whomsoever, and their, his and her Succeflort, Hein, Executors and Adminiftrators (other than and except HisMoft Ex-Cellent Majesty, and his Heirs and SuccefTors), all such Eitate, Right, Title, Interect, Claim and Demand of, in and to the Premises to be granted in and by the said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, to be made in pursuance of this Aft, as they, every or any of them had before the passing of this Aft, or might, or could, or would have had, held or enjoyed m case this Aft had not bees made.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft Shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and Shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being Specially pleaded.

CAP. CVI.

An Act for enabling the Wives and Families of* Soldiers embarked for Foreign Service, to return to their Homes.

[26th June ill!.]

4 TT THE REAS great Inconvenience and Expence is incurred by 4 VV Parishes in which Barracks are Situated, and from whence 4 Regiments ^embark when ordered on Foreign jServkc, from th«

* Wives

AD.igir*

ji-GEO.nl.

C. io6.

3*3

Wives and Children of the Soldiers so embarking for Foreign Service being left to return to the Place of their Refidence or Settlement, and they often spend the Money given to them for the Purpofe of enabling them so to return, and become burthensome to the Parifh; and it is therefore expedient that Provifion should r be made for enabling such Wives ana Children to return to their Homes, or for passing them as Vagrants to their Places of Re-	'	’

1 fidence or Settlement in case of Mifconduft ;9 Be it therefore ;nafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-rice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, upon any Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detach- jn wjut ^ , ment, being embarked for Foreign Service, the Commanding Offi- Commanding cers thereof shall cause a Lift or Lifts to be made out of all the Officer to make Wives and Children of the Soldiers belonging to such Regiment, °°!i pjff Battalion, Corps or Detachment, to be left at the Place of Embarka-	t(J

tion, who are desirous of claiming the Allowance authorized by this ieft at Place of Aft, for the Purpofe of enabling them to return to their Homes or Embarkation^ Places of Settlement, either in One Lift for the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, or separate Lifts for each Company; and shall give to every such Wife a Duplicate of such Part of such Lift as shall apply to each Wife and her Family of Children refpec-tively, certifying thereon under his Hand, that the Perfon to whom such Certificate is given is the Wife or reputed Wife of a Soldier Wife to have a m his Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment; and he shall Duplicate coni* trstofmit such Lift or Lifts so made out to the Secretary at War-

II.	And be it further enacted, That each Wife to whom any such Duplicate (hewn Duplicate ihall have been delivered as aforesaid shall forthwith take to

the fame to some neighbouring Juftice or Magistrate, who Ihall

make out a Route for her, and fill up and sign a Certificate, fpecify- Route and

ing the Place to which such Woman is going, and her Route, that 8*ve eruncate'

fhe may receive such Allowances as are authorized by this Aft,

net exceeding Two Pence per Mile.

III.	And be it further enacted, That upon Produftion of such Overseer, upon Certificate to any Overfeer of the Poor of any Place through which Production of such Woman (hadl pafa, he shall, out of any Money in his Hands Cerrifiiate, applicable to the Relief of the Poor, pay her an Allowance ndt ex- {'0'^anCe * *n ceeding the Rate per Mile specified in such Certificate as aforesaid,

for the Number of Miles to the next Citjr, Town or Place to which (he may be going, not exceeding Eighteen Miles, and he ihall indorse on fucn Certificate the Money & paid, and take a Receipt from the Woman signed with her Hand or with her Mark, specifying the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment to which her Hulband belongs, so as that the Description on the Receipt may correspond with the Description in the Certificate so produced to him u aforesaid.

IV.	And be it further <macted, That the Sum so advanced by Overfeen repaid such Overfeer shall, upon Produftion and Delivery of such Receipt By Colkftor of to the Colleftor of Excife of the Diftrift within which such Overfeer ^Ic^e* ifts u such, on.any Perfon officiating for such Collector, be repaid to such Overfeer for the Ufe of the Fund for the Relief of the Poor, by such ^ Colleftor of Excife or other Perfon, out of any Public Monies in hi£ Hands, and the fame shall be allowed in his Accounts f and such Overfeer shall ghe a Receipt for the Moner

Y a	fo

3*4	C.	10	107.

ji° geo. m.

AJ>.itu.

Moocy advanced for the PurpoCe from Excife repaid by War Office.

Cettificste delivered up to Ovef(oer,Jtc.

Women not complying with Regulations, Vagi ants.

so paid to such CoDcdor or other Perfon, and such Receipt of the Ovteerer, together with the Receipt of the Woman, shall be taken as Ca(h in the Payment of Duties of Excife received by such Collector, and all Sums of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excife, shall be repaid bv the Agents of the Regiments to which the Soldiers belong, whole Wives and Families have been so relieyed, or by any other Perfon to be appointed for that Purpofe by the Secretary at War, to such Perfon or Perfons as shall be authorized by the CommiiHoners of Excife in England or Scotland respectively to draw for or receive the fame, for or on account of the laid Duties.

V.	And be it further enacted, That every such Woman dull, at the last Place of her receiving any Allowance under this Aft, antecedent to her Arrival at her Home or Place of Settlement, deliver up such Certificate to the Overfeer of the Poor advancing such Allowance, who shall deliver the fame to the Colleftor of £xcife, and the fame shall be, by such Colle&or of Excife, tranfinitted to the War Office.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That Wives of Soldiers not complying with the Regulations hereinbefore prescribed, shall be treated afc Vagrants, and may be patted as such to their Homes, either in England, Ireland or Scotland refpc&ively, as the case may be.

cap. cvn.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven. [26th June 1811.]

‘ YT7HEREAS it is necettary that Provifion should be made for 1 W defraying the Charge of the Par and Clothing of the Re-* gular Militia (when difembodied) and Local Militia tn Great Bri-4 tain, for One Year from the Twenty fifth Day of December One 4 thousand eight hundred and ten s’ Be it therefore enacted by the King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Secretary at That in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every War toiflue the County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Regular forPa^ rflKL Militia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Secretary at War gula/and Local ^or t*mc being is hereby authorized and empowered and required Militia, and for to cause to be ifiued and paid the whole Sum required for the Re-C loth rag.	gular Militia (when difembodied) and Local Militia respectively, in

the Manner and for the several Ufes hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, for the Pay of the said Regular Militia or Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter Mafter, where a Quarter Mafter is appointed { and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six Pence a Day for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Six Pence a Week for each Serjfcant Major, where a Serjeant Major.h appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two Pence a Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with th$ Addition of Six Pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed ; and 4	alfo

$i'GY,O.TH.

C. 107.

325

aifo at the Rate of Four Pence per Man for each Private Man tad Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expeoces of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps $ and aHb for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when difembodied) or Local Militia for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Serieant Major, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant, One Pound Nineteen Shillings aiid One Penny for each Corporal, Four Pqunds and Ten Pence for each Drum Major, ThreeFounda and Ten Pence for each Drummer, and One Pound Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence for each Private Man; and that such Seijeant Majors, Drum Majors, Seijeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on constant Pay, and refiqent at Head Quarters, shall be clothed Once in Two Years; and that such Seijeants, Corporals and Drummers of Local MiBtia, beyond the regular Eftabli foment of the permanent Staff thereof as may be serving on Reduced Pay, under the Pro-vifions of an A& palled in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An As to amend several ASt relating to toe Local Militia of Great Britain, foall be entitled to new Clothing when their present Clothing foall have been actually and necessarily worn for Two Years 1 Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer foall be absent bn Furlough or Lioence, such Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer foall, during such Abfence, receive Pay at the following Rates instead of those above mentioned ; that is to fay, every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling. a Day, every Corporal the Sum of Eight Pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Six Pence per Day respectively, and no more; and it foall be lawful for the Secretary at War to canfe any such Pay to be from time to time issued in advance, for any Period not exceeding Foqr Months from the time for which such Advances foall be made.

II.	And be it further enacted, That there foall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular Militia when disembodied, a Sum of Money in addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, for the Expence of necessary Medicines, for the Sick Nqn. com mi (Honed Officers, Drummers and Private Men of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, during the Period or Periods of Aflembly for annual Exercife or Training; and to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local MiHtia, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings for the fame Purpose, as also to the SurT geon of Regular Militia when disembodied, and to the Surgeon of Local Militia respectively, an Allowance of Six Pence per Month for each pf the Non-commiffioned Officers and Drummers of any such Regiment, Battalion Or Corps on constant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expenpe of necessary Medicines and Attendance givep to the Non-commiljjoned Officers and Drummers on constant Pay at Head Quarters, yrhile such Regiment, Battalion or Corps is not called out for annual Training tad Exercife.

III.	And be it further enafied. That there foall be granted to the Battalibn Clerk of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Lbcal Militia, the Eftablifoment qf which does not authorize the Appoint-, meat of x Quarter Matter, an Allowance of Fifty Pounos per Annum.

Y 3	4	VII. And

500.3.0,9*

Rates of Par to Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers^ when abfenc ora Furlough,

Allowance to

Surgeons,

Battalion Clerk of Local Militia, 50k pvr Ana.

2*6

c 28. ante.

c. 8. ante.

AHo\rance to lunholden.

Prev'tOt

31 fe40 G.3. c.44*

C. 107*10$.	If I* GEO. IH.	AJD.1S11.

. 4 VII. And. whereas in purfuaace of an Ad passed in the prefent

*	Selfion of Parliament, intituled, An AS for increasing the Rdtu cf 4 Subjtftence to be paid to Innkeepeers and others on quartering Soldim, 4 certain increased Rates are allowed for the Payment of Innholders 4 and others on whom Non-commiffioned Officers and Private Soldiers 4 may, by virtue of an Ad pa fled also in the present Seffioa of Par. 4 liament, for puniffiing Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better 4 Payment of the Army and their Quarters, to Be* quartered in 4 that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Inland 4 called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of £enei:l

*	upon Tweed: And whereas the Officers, Non-commiffioned Officers, 4 Drummers and Private. Men of the laid Regular Militia, if difem. 4 bodied, and the Local Militia, when called out to annual Exercife, *• are required by Law to be quartered and billetled in Inns, Liteiy 4 Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Houses, and all Houses of Perfoni 4 felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine or Metheglin by Re. 4 tailBe it enacted, That the Innholders and others on whom the said Non-commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Regular Militia (when difembodied), or Local Militia shall be so quartered and billeted, shall be entitled to and receive the fane Rates of Allowance for each Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corpora], Drummer and Private Man so quartered and billeted upon .them, during the time of their remaining afiemblrd for Exercile as aforesaid, and under the fame Rules and Regulations as such Innholders or others may now, by the above mentioned Ad for the Relief of Innkeepers, demand and receive for the Non-com. miffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Soldiers of the Regular Is. fantry, in the refne&ive cases of their fumifhing them with Diet and Small Beer, or lupplying them in lieu thereof with the Articles specified in the said A& for punishing Mutiny and Defertion $ and the Secretary at War is hereby authorized and required to Amply the necessary Funds to defray the Charge of the Allowances to to be made to the said Innholders and others t Provided always, that each of the Non-commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men who ihall be fumiflied with Diet and Small Beer, as aforetaid, shall contribute towards the Expence thereof, the like Proportion of hit Pay and Beer Money, as is orffiall.be contributed in the like case by the Non-commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Soldiers of the Regular Infantry.

[This AS, except the Clattfes above inserted, is Jtmilar to jo G. 3.

c. 90.]

CAP. CVIII.

An Aft to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight.hundred and twelve, and amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grant3 certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England\ disembodied under an Aft of the fame Seflion of Parliament.

[26th June 18 U-]

4 TI THE REAS it is expedient that an A£t, passed in the Thirty 4 VV ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, intituled, An AS for granting, until the Twenty fjjh

-AJ).i8ii

jr GEO. IIL C.10&, 109,110#	J27

*	jDtfjr c/“ March 0*f thoifand tight hundred and dne, certain Allow-M antes to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors and Serjeants of Militia, dif-

*	embodied under an AS of this Sejjion of Parliament, intituled» A

*	AS for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional

*	Number of Volunteers from the Militia under certain. ReflriSions,

*	which, has been revived and continued by several subsequent A6ts

*	until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand ei^ht hundred

*	and eleven, (houLd be again revived and further continued, so far

*	as the fame relates to Adjutants and Seneant Majors;’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cpnfcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the said recited A6fc and the Allow- reviv*d and con-sauce* therein granted and mentioned to Adjutants and Serjeant “"Ji” ** Majors, and au the Provifions relating thereto, shall be revived JU ° *’ from the (aid Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and be further continued until the Twenty fifth

Dsy of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so far as the fame relates to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors; and that all such and .the like Allowances as would have been payable and paid unto any Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, if the said A & and Allowances had been continued by any A& of Parliament before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall be payable and paid, and all Arrears thereof fully satisfied, in like manner in every respect as if this A61 had. pa(Ted before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

II. And be it further enacted. That every reduced Adjutant Reduced Adju-entitled to any Allowance under this A6fc may receive and take such £nt* e,im}*d to Allowance, together with the Pay of any such Commiffion dr Half	a*

Pay, or any such other Allowance or Emolument, as is allowed to 4 he held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia in that Part of Great Britain called 1England, together with any Pay or Allowance to which he may be entitled as such Adjutant: Provided always, Provifo' that no fiich reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this A6t during the time he shall hold any Place of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, other than such as aforesaid.

C A P. CIX.

An AGt for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied,

[26th JW 1811.]

[This AS, except the Datety is in all refpeSs Jimilar to 50 G. 3. c. 92.] *

CAP, CX.

An A£I to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Pieces deno-minated Tokens, intended to be issued and circulated by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the refpe£tive Sums of Five Shillings and Six Pence, Three Shillings, and One Shilling and Six Pence; and to prevent

Y 4	the

C.nt.

A.D. 1811.

328

Defcriptaon of Tclclns to be IfTucd by the Bank.

OmmtevftSttng

Token*.

PunHhmect.

Bringing conn, terfoit Token* Into the Kingdom,

51* GEO. IIL

the bringing into the Kingdom or uttering any such counterfeit Pieces or Tokens.	[26th	June	1811.]

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, with the Approbation of His MajeRy’s Moft Honourable Privy Couneil, are preparing to make and stamp, and intend to issue and circulate, for the Convenience of the Public, a Quantity of Silver Pieces, denominated Tokens, for the refpedm Sums of Five Shillings and Six Pence, Three Shillings, and One Shilling and Six Pence, such Tokens for the Sum of Five Shillings and Six Pence being intended to contain, on the Obverfe Side thereof, an Impreflion of His Majesty’s Head, and the following Words and Letters (videlicet) “ Georgius III. Dei Gratia Rex,” and on the Reverfe thereof the following - Words and Figures, videlicet, •« Bank Token, 5«.6d.” with the Addition of the Year in which the fame shall be made and Ramped; such Tokens for the Sum of Three Shillings being intended to contain the fame Im-predion, Words and Letters on the Obverfe Side thereof as noon the hud Tokens for Five Shillings and Six Pence, and on the Reverfe Side thereof the following Words and Figures, videlicet,

« Bank Token, 3 Shill.” with the Addition of the Year ia which the fame shall be made and Ramped; and such Tokens for the Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence being intended to contain the lame Impression, Words and Letters on the Obverfe Side thereof as upon the said Token for Five Shillings and Six Pence, and on the Reverfe Side thereof the following Words and Figures, videlicet,

“ Bank Token, is. 6d.” with the Addition of tl)? Year in which th£ (ame shall be coined or Ramped 1 And whereas for the Security of the Public, it is expedient to prevent the counterfeiting of the said respective TokensBe it therefore enacted by the King’s MoR Excellent MaieRy, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That if any Perfon or Ferfons shall, from and after the paling of this A&, make, coin or counterfeit, or cause or procure to he made, coined or counterfeited, or willingly act or afliR in the making* coining or counterfeiting any Token or Tokens, resembling, or made with Intent to resemble or look like any of the (aid refpe&ve Tokens, so as aforesaid intended to be made, and Ramped, and issued, and circulated by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or with Intent to pass as fu^h, every Perfon so offending, ana being thereof convicted by due Courfe of Law, shall he deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall he transported for any Term of Years not exceeding Seven Years.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fluff, from and after the palling of this A&, bring into the said United Kingdom any such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforesaid, resembling or made with Intent to resemble or look like the {aid respective Tokens so as aforesaid interned to he made, a ad Ramped, and iffiied, and circulated by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or with intent to pass as such Tokens respectively, knowing the fame to be false or counterfeited, to the Intent to utter the fame within the said United Kingdom, or ! within, any Dominions of the fame, every Perfon so offending, and j * -	being

$i° GEO. lit	C.	i io. 3*$

being thereof convicted by due Courfe of Lav, (hail be deemed and adjudged to be guihy of Felony, and shall be transported for any Puniflimeut Term of Years not exceeding Semi Years.

III. And be it further enaaed, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall. VendingTokem. from and after the palling of this A&, utter, offer or tender in Pay* ment or give in Exchange, or par, or put off to any Perfen or Perfons, any such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforefeidj resembling or made with Intent to resemble or look like any of the said respective Tokens so as aforesaid intended to be made, and (tamped, and issued, and circulated by the said Governor and Com-	1

pany of the Bank of England* or witn Intent to pass as such Tokens respectively, knowing the fame to be false or counterfeited, every Krft Offencd. Perfon so offending, and being thereof convicted by due Courfe of Law, shall suffer Six Months fmprifonment, and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for Six Months more, to be computed from the End of the laid firfk Six Months; and if the fame Perfons shall afterwards be convicted a Second Time for the like Offence of Second Oftac* uttering, offering or tendering in Payment, or givingin Exchange, or paying, or putting off any such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforesaid, knowing the fame to be false or counterfeit, such Perfons shall for such Second Offence suffer Two Years Imprifonment, and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for Two Years more, to be computed from the End of the said first Two Years; and if the lame Perfon shall afterwards offend a Third Time in otter- Third Offence, ing, offering pr tendering in Payment, or giving in Exchange, or paying or putting off any such false or counterfeited Token or Tokens as tfbresaid, knowing the fame to be false or counterfeited* , and shall by due Courfe of Law be convicted of such Third Offence, he or (he (nail be adjudged to be gujlty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons Certificate of

shall be convicted of uttering, offering or tendering in Payment any	Convio

such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforesaid, and (hail afterwards be guilty of the like Offence in any other County, City* pr^

Diftrid or Place, the Clerk of the Ailize, or Clerk of the Peace for

the County, City, Diftrid or Place where such former Convidion ,

shall have been had, shall, at the Requeft of the Profecutor, or any other on His Majesty’s Behalf, certify the fame by a Tranfcript in few Words, containing the Effcd and Tenor of such Convidion, for which Certificate Two Shillings and Six Pence and no more shall be paid, and such Certificate, being produced in Court, shall be sufficient Proof of such former Convidion.

V.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons (haH Haring mote have in his, her or their Cuflody, without lawful. Excufe (the Proof than Five conn, whereof shall lie upon the Party accufed), any greater Number than

Pive of such false or counterfeit Tokens as aforesaid, or resembling, m ° or made with Intent to resemble or look like any of the said Tokens respectively so as aforesaid intended to be coined or (lamped, and ifTued and circulated by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or with Intent to pass as such, every such Perfon being thereof convicted upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnets or Witneffes before One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and lose all such false and counterfeit Tokens, which shall be cut in Pieces and destroyed by Order of such Juftice } and every

Offender

33®

Purity.

C.II0.

AJXiSn.

;iv GEO. IIL

Offender so convicted as afore (kid shall, far every such 08eoa, forfeit and pay any Sum of Money oot exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, for every such false or counterfeit Token respectively which fhmll be found in the Cuftody of such Perfon, One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parifh where such Offence shall be committed ; and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Juftice to commit the Pterfon who shall be adjudged to pay the fame to the Common Gaol or House of Cor-

Imprifonment, rection, there to be kept to hard Labour for the S of Three

Sufpe&cdHoufes VI. And be it further enafied, That it shall and may be lawful f«#rcl\ed» to and for any One Jnftice of the Peace, on Complaint made

ana tool* ana L /■ « .	 n_______nr:*—r- »l.«. .u l

before him, upon the Oath of One credible Witoefs, that there ii

Tokens friiH. just Caufe to iufped that any One or more Perfon or Perfons is or

are, or hath or have been, concerned in making or counterfeiting such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforesaid, refembliug or made with an Intent to re firm We or look like any of the laid Tokens respectively, so as aforesaid intended to be made or damped, sod issued and circulated by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or with Intent topafs as such, by Warrant under the Hand of such Jnftice, to cause the DweUiog-house, Room, Workshop, Outhoufe or other Building, Yard, Garden or other Place belonging to such suspected Perfon or Peifons, or where any such Perfon or Perfons fhmll be suspected to carry on any fnch making or counterfeiting, or to secrete any such counterfeit Token , or the Tools c T 1	r	r

Materials for making or fti__	_____________________

counterfeit Tokens, Materials, Tools and Inftruments refpe&irely; and if any such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens, or any such Tools or Inftruments, or any such Materials for making or damping any such false or counterfeit Tokens, shall be found in any Place so searched, or if any such Tools, Implements or Materials fhallbe found in the Cuftody or PoffelOon of any Perfon or Perfons whom-jbever, not having the fame by foroe lawful Authority, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever dif-covering the fame, to seize, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to seize such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens, Tools, Implements and Materials, and carry the fame forthwith to a Juftice of the Peace of the County, City, Diftrid or Place where the fame shall be seized, who shall cause the fame to be fecored and produced in Evidence agaioft any Perfon or Perfons who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid in some Court of Juftice proper for the Determination thereof, and after such time as any such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforesaid, or any such Tools, Implements or Materials shall have been produced it Evidence as aforesaid, as well so much and such Parts thereof as shall have been so produced, as every other Part thereof so seized, and pot made use of in Evidence, shall forthwith by Order of the Court where such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, or by Order of some Juftice of the Peace, in case there shall be no such Trial, be defaced or destroyed, or othpi wife disposed of, as such Court or such Juftke

Calendar Months, or until such Penalty shall be pai

or counterfeit

.fall direct.

VIL And

A.D.i8it«	jt°GEO»IH	C.	iiOjiii.

VII.	And be it further enafiked. That do Proceedings to be bad touching the Convidian of any Offender agaioft this Act before any Juftice of the Peace, shall be quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs what* soever into any of His Majefty** Courts of Record at fVeJminffer.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That no A&ion or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfoance or un&r Colour of this Ad, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof shall be first given in Writing, to the Perfon or "Perfons again ft whom the fame is intended to be brought or commeneed; nor shall any such Adion or Suit be brought or commenced after sufficient Satisfa&ion or Tender of Amends (hail be made or tendered to the Party or Parties aggrieved; and every such Adion or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the Fad committed and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the County, Cky or Place where the Caufe of Adion shall arise, and net elfe where; and the Defendant or Defendants in such A&ion or Suit so to be brought may plead the General IfTue, and give this Ad and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Ad; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such A&ion or Suit shall be brought or commenced before Fourteen Days Notice shall be given thereof as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfa&ion or Amends was made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such ode, the Jury (hafl find for the Defendant or Defendants, and if upon the Trial a Verdid shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or difeon-tinue his, her or their Adion, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given agaioft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedv for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit in other cases by Law.

CAP. CXI.

^An Ad for permitting Sir William Bijbop and George Bybop to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Manufadure of Maidjlone Geneva • for charging the fame with certain Duties; and for rectifying a Miftake in an Ad of this Seflion, for empowering the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to exonerate Diftillers of Spirits from Sugar from the Excefs of Duties therein mentioned.	[26th June 1811.3

*	VTTHEREAS by an Ad made in the Forty fourth Year of

*	VV the Reign ot His present Majesty King George the Third,

*	among other things to continue several Laws, one thereof, relating

*	to the permitting Sir William Bijbop, George Bifbop, and Arglet

*	Bijbop, to carry 00 the Manufadure of Maidjlone Geneva to the f Fifth Day of July One thoufaad eight hundred and nine, it was

*	enacted, among other things, that an Ad made in the Thirty ninth f Year of the Keiga of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 to

4 continue

331

Proceedings not

quafhed for want of Form.

Limitation of Ad ions.

General Ifluuu

Treble Cofts,

44 0-3- c.3*

5 J.

C.no.

ji’GEO.IIL

A.D.1S11.

Imprifafiment, tec.

Sufpe&edHoufei

'Jbkcna seized.

Psadty. Offender so convtfted at aforesaid shall, for every fuck Oftecct, forfeit and pay any Sum of Money sot exceeding Five Pounds, nor left than Forty Shillings, for every fuck fatte or counterfeit Token respectively which shall be found in the Cuftody of fuck Perfon, One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed ; and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Juftice to commit the Perfon who (hail be adjudged to pay the fame to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of Three Calendar Months, or until such Penaky shall he paid.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to f°r any One Juftice of the Peace, on Complaint made Counterfeit*1 before him, upon the Oath of One credible Witnefs, that there ii just Caufe to iufped that any One or more Perfon or Perfoos it or are, or hath or have been, concerned in making or counterfeiting such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforesaid, refembliug or made with an Intent to refiraible or look like any of the laid Total respectively, so as aforesaid intended to be made or damped, and issued and circulated by the laid Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ or with Intent to pass as such, by Warrant under the Hand of such Juftice, to cause the Dwelling-house, Room, Workshop, Outhoufe or other Building, Yard, Garden or other Place belonging to such fufpe6ted Perfon or Perfons, or. where any such Perfon or Perfons shall be suspected to carry on any Inch making or counterfeiting, or to secrete any such counterfeit Tokeoi respectively, or the Tools or Implements for counterfeiting or making fuen false or counterfeit Tokens respectively aa aforesaid, or the Materials for making or damping the lame, to be searched for such counterfeit Tokens, Materials, Tools and Inftruments respectively; and if any such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens, or any such Tools or Inftruments, or any such Materials for making or damping any such false or counterfeit Tokens, shall be found in any Place so searched, or if any such Tools, Implements or Materials shall be found in the Cuftody or PoffefEon of any Perfon or Perfons whom-. soever, not having the fame by foroe lawful Authority, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever dif-covering the fame, to seize, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to seize such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens, Tools, Implements and Materials, and carry the fame forthwith to a Juftice of the Peace of the County, City, Diftrid or Place where the fame shall be seized, who shall cause the fame to be fecurrd and produced in Evidence again ft any Perfon or Perfons who shall or mav be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid in some Court of Juftice proper for the Determination thereof, and after such time as any such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforesaid, or any such Tools, Implements or Materials shall have been produced in Evidence as aforesaid, as well so much and such Parts thereof aa shall have been so produced, as every other Part thereof so seized, and pot made use of in Evidence, shall forthwith by Order of the Court where such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, or by Order of some Juftice of the Peace, in case there shall be no such Trial, be defaced or destroyed, or other wife disposed of# as such Court or such Jufbce .shall direct.

VII.	And

A.D.iSit*'	ji®	GEO. III.	C.no,hi.

VII.	Aad be it further enacted. That no Proceeding* to be bad Coaching the Contidian of any Offender against this Act before any Jufticc of the Peace, shall be quafbed for want of Form, Or be re-mo red by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatsoever into any of His Majesty’s Court* of Record at IVeJhninfler.

VIII.	And be it further eaacted, That no A&ion or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in pursuance or under Colour of this Ad, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof shall be first given in Writing, to the Perfon or Perious against whom the fame is intended to be brought or commeneed; nor shall any such Adion or Suit be brought or commenced after Sufficient Satisfadion or Tender of Amends (hail be made or tendered to the Party or Parties aggrieved; and every such Adion or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Month* after the Fad committed and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the County, Cky or Place where the Caufe of Adion shall arise, and net elfe where; and the Defendant-or Defendants in such A&ion or Suit so to be brought may plead the General I due, and give this Ad and the special Matter m Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Ad; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Adion or Suit shall be brought or commenced before Fourteen Days Notice shall be given thereof as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfa6rion or Amend* was made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and if upon the Trial a Verdid shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or difeon-tioue his, her or their Adion, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit in other cases by Law.

C A P. CXI.

An Ad for permitting Sir William Bijhop and George Bijhop to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Manufa&ure of Maidftone Geneva • for charging the fame with certain Duties; and for rectifying a Miftake in an Ad of this Seflion, for empowering the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to exonerate Diftillers of Spirits from Sugar from the Excefs of Duties therein mentioned.	[26th June 1811.]

4 TTTHEREAS by an Ad made in the Forty fourth Year of

*	VV the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

*	among other things to -continue several Laws, oue thereof, relating

* to the permitting Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Arglet

*	Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidjlone Geneva to the 1 Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, it was 1 enacted, among other things, that an Ad made in the Thirty ninth

*	Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An A3 to

4 continue

33*

Proceedings not

qiufhed for want of ForrU.

Limitation of Atiions.

General Iflii*

Treble Coft*

440.3.0.^*

ij.

33*



AJ).i8u.

Manufadure of Maid done Geneva may be carried on till

July J, 1813.

51* GEO, HI.

*	continue and amend so much of an AS made in the 7KrJi third Te$r 4 of the Reign of Hit torefcnt MajeBy, at fermiit Sir Wifuun Bifbojt ' George Bifhop and Argles Bimop, to carry on the MamirfaSvi 4 of Maidftone Geneva; which (aid Ad of the Thirty moth Year 4 aforeiaid was to commence and take Effcd from and immediately 4 after the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and 4 ninety nine, and continue in force for the Space of Five Yean, to

*	be computed from that Day, should be and the fame was thereby 4 further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight 4 hundred and nine: And whereas the said Arglet Bifbop has quitted 4 the said Diftillery and Premifes at Maidjlonef mentioned 10 tfc

*	(aid A d made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reiga of His pit* 4 sent Majesty, and the said Sir William Bifbop and George Btfbrtmt 4 become possessed of the Diilillery and Premises, and the £uc Sir 4 William Bifbop and George Byhop are desirous to carry on the Ms* 4 nufadure of and to make Spirits commonly called Maidftone Grnett 4 in the said Diftillery and Premifes at Maidftone aforesaid, under and 4 fubied to the Duties by this Ad in that Behalf imposed, and 4 under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Refine-4 tions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the (aid Sir 4 William Bifbop, George Bi/hop and Arglet Bifbop, carried 00 the 4 Manufadure of and made Spirits commonly called Maid/Uu 4 Geneva : And whereas it is expedient to allow the said Sir fVUben 4 Bifbop and George Bi/hop to carry on such Manufacture, and to 4 make such Spirits for a limited time Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice sod Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Ccnmiqps, is this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, it shall and may be lawful to and fur the uid Sir William Bifbop and George Bi/hop, and the Survivor of then, possessed of the said Diftillery and Premises, to carry on the Maas-fadure of and to make Spirits commonly called Maidftone Gentt*, in the said Diftillery and rremifes at Maidjlone aforeiaid, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, under and fubied to the Duties by this Ad in that Behalf imposed, and under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Reftrip tions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained, provide^ fettled or established by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force immediately before the Expiration of the said Ad of the Thirty ninth Year afore said, for the (aid Sir William Bifbop, George Bifboi and Arglet Bifbop, carrying on the Manufadure of and making Spirits commpnly called Maidjlone Geneva, in the said Diftillery and Prt-mises; and the said Rules, Regulations, Rcftridions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, shall be and the fame are hereby directed to be applied and practised and put in Execution to and for the carrying 00 the»Manufadure of and making Spirits commonly called Maidjlone Geneva by the said Sir William Bifbop and George Bifbop in tne said Diftillery and Premifes at Maidftone afore-(aid, and securing the. Duties by this Ad in that Behalf imooH as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if »U and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Provisions, Fine* Penalties and Forfeitures had been repeated and specially rt-eoafted in the Body of this Ad, and hereby applied to the (aid Sit William

A.D.i8ii#

C.m.

333

^•GEO.ni.

Bifhop and George Bishop, and the carrying on the Manufacture of and making Spirits commonly called MatdJIone Geneva by them the (aid Sir WtUiam Bijhop and George Bifhop m the said Diftillery and Premifes at MatdJIone afore (aid, and the Duties by this Ad in that Behalf imposed.

II.	And be it further enacted, That there shall be railed, levied Duties* and collected the following Duties of Excife; that is to (ay.

For every One hundred and twenty Gallons of Wa(h, which they the (aid Sir William Bijhop and George BiJhop% or the Survivor of them, possessed of the Diftillery and Premiles in which the (aid George Bi/bop deceased (a) carried on the Manufacture of Maidfjtone '

Geneva at Maidflonc aforesaid, shall produce from a Weight of Malt or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois, Two Pounds Two Shillings and Four pence s	(a) [No such Perfon a* George Bifhop

deceased is mentioned before .1

For every Gallon of Wain in the Poffeffion of the said Sir William Bi/bop and George Bifhop>, or the Survivor of them, at any time when Tnirty Gallons of any Wa(h so in their Poffeffion taken and di Hilled by the Officer of Excife, according to the Directions and under the Authority of the (aid Ad made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, as shall be found to produce more than Two Gallons and One Eighth of a Gallon of Spirits at the Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, One Shilling and Five pence.

III.	And be h further ertacted, That there shall be raised and Addition*} Du-

colk&ed, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive	W

Treaty of Peace, the additional Duties of Excife hereinafter men- Ratification of tioned, oifer and above the Duties hereinbefore imposed; that is to a Definitive lay.	Treaty.

For every One hundred and twenty Gallons of Wa(h which the laid Sir WtUiam Bijhop and George BiJhopKor the Survivor of them, pofieffed of the (kid Diftillery and Premises, shall produce from a Weight of Malt or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois, Fifteen Shillings:

And for every Gallon of Wa(h in the Poffeffion of the said Sir William Bifhop and George Bifbop% or the Survivor of them, at any time when Tnirty Gallons of any Wa(h so in their Poffeffion taken and distilled by the Officer of Excife, according to the Directions and under the Authority of the said Aft made m the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be found to produce more than Two Gallons and One Eighth of a Gallon of Spirits at the Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, Six pence.

IV.	And he it further enacted, That the Duties for or in respect Duties under of any such Wa(h which they the said Sir William Bifhop and George CommUBoneri Bishop, or the Survivor of tfiem, possessed of the said Diftillery and °* ***** Premises, Aall so produce from such Weight of Malt or other Corn

as aforesaid, and for or in respect of any Wa(h which shall be so found in the Poffeffion of the said Sir William Bijhop and George Bishop, or the Survivor of them, and shall produce more than Two Gallons and One Eighth of a Gallon of Spirits a9 aforesaid by this Aft imposed, (haU be under the Management of the Commifiioners of Excife in England for the time being; and shall be paid by the said Hqv paid*

Sir

C. 111.

A.D.itir.

43G.3.C 69. »nd 43 G.3. c.8x.

Application of Duties.

Cap42.iMe,$t.

46 G. 3. c. xo*.

Treasury msy discharge Diftfl-lers from so much-of high Duties by 46 G. 3. for Wafh brewed from Sugar, and diftiUcd Since Dec 31, x8xo. See. as they Audi ibinh nawnable*

51® GEO. m.

Sir William Bijhop and George Bishop, and the Survivor of them, at such times and in such manner as the Duties imposed by an A A made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 to repeal the Duties of Excife payable tn Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and by another Ad made in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, intituled. An A3 for granting to HU Majesty, until Twelve Months after the notification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain, for or in refpeA of Wafh which the said Sir William Bishop, George BJhop and Argles Bjfbofi, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, poflefied of the said Diftdlery and Premises, should produce from such Weight of Malt or other Corn, as in the said la ft mentioned A As refpeAively mentioned, or for or in refpeA of Wafh which should be found in the Pofleflion of the said Sir William Bishop, George Bijhop and Argles Bishop, or the Survivors or Survivor ot them; and should produce more than Two Gallons and One Eighth of a Gallon of Spirits as in the said laft

. shall refpeAively be appropriated and applied to the fame Ufes and Purposes, and in the lame manner as the said recited Duties so imposed by the said Two AAs made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty were by Law refpeAively direAed to be appropriated and applied.

4 V. And whereas by an AA passed in this Seffion of Parliament 4 to empower the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to exonerate 4 Diftillers of Spirits from Sugar from the Excefs of the Duties 4 therein mentioned, it is, among other things, recited, that an AA 4 therein mentioned, made in the Forty eighth Year of His present 4 Majesty’s Reign, expired on the Thirty first Day of December One 4 thousand eight hundred pd ten, and that by the Expiration thereof 4 the former high Duties imposed by Two several Acts therein men-4 tioned, of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

4 and also the high Duties imposed by an A A made in the Forty 4 eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for or in refpeA of 4 such Spirits, and the several other Matters and Things in the laid 4 AA of this Selfion of Parliament in that Behalf fpecined, revived :

4 And whereas the said last mentioned high Duties were not imposed 4 by an A A made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty’s 4 Reign, but were imposed by an A A made in the Forty sixth Year 4 of His present Majesty’s Reign, and it is therefore expedient to 4 reAify the said Miftake 5’ Be it therefore enaAed, That the Com-miffioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall be at Liberty to exonerate and discharge all and every such Diftiller and Diftiliers, and Maker or Makers of Spirits in England and Scotland refpeAively, as are in the said AA palled in this Seffioa of Parliament in that Behalf mentioned, from, and to remit to them refpeAively, such and so much of the high Duties imposed by the said AA made in the Forty lixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for or in refpeA of Wort or Wafh brewed or made from Sugar, and distilled since tjie said Thirty first Day of December One thonfand eight hundred and ten; and also all and every such Diftiller •ad Pi&llcra ig that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from so .

%	much	>

mentioned AAs refpeAively mentioned, were payable under and by virtue of the said Two last mentioned Ads refpeAively; and the said several Duties by this AA imposed as in that Behalf aforefaid

A.D.i8ii

335

51°GEO. III.	C.iii—114*

much of the bid high Duties imposed by the bid Aft of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for or in refptft of Spirit* made or difUlled in Scotland for Confumption in Scotland from Sugar or any Mixture therewith; and for and in respect of the cubical Content of any Still or Stills used or employed in Scotland, for the Purpofe of making or diffcilling Low Wines or Spirits for Confump* tion in Scotland from Mclaffes or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith } and for and in respect of Spirits manufactured in Scotland* and brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England* as ball exceed the Amount of the Duty which would hare accrued or become payable under or by virtue of the said Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, had the fame remained and continued in force; and from any preemptive Charge* as to such Commiflioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, ball under the Circumtfances of each and every such case appear to them to be just and reasonable; any thing in any Aft of Parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain.	[26th	June	1811

“ TREASURY empowered to raise £$&00,000 by Exchequer 14 Bills, in manlier prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.—§ 1, 2. Principal *' of said Bills charged on First Supplies of next Seifton. § 3. In-44 terest thereon of 3\d. per Cent. per Diem. § 4. Said Bills to be ** current at the Exchequer, &c. after April 5, 1812. $ 5- Bank 44 of England empowered to advance ^£3,000,000 on the Credit of “ this Aft, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c.20.—$ 6.

cap. cxm.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be nifed by Lotteries.	[26th	June	1811.J

CAP. CXIV.

An Aft to permit the Services of the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and Devon to be extended to Ireland.

[26th June 1811/J

1 YTTHEREAS it would conduce to the better Defence and Se-4 W curity of the United Kingdom if the Services of the Regi-4 tnent of Miners of the Counties of Cornwall and Devon werer 4 extended to all Parts of the United KingdomBe it therefor* enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com* mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all Perfons who may be commifiioned, raised and enrolled in and for the Regiment of Miners*at any time after the pafling of this Aft, whether byjBallot or otherwise, under anv Aft sow in force* or which may hereafter be in force for railing Men for the (aid Regiment, ball be liable to serve in all Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; any thing contained in any Aft relating to the bid Regiment of Miners respectively to the con-twy aotwubftaadbg.

II. And

Regiment of Miner* liable to serve in all Parte of United Kingdom,

A*D«i8u#

Inftead of Oaths prescribed by 4% G. 3. c. 7». the following Oaths.

C.1J4.

.51* geo. in.

Oath for bal-lotted Men.

Oath for Sub. ftitutes or Volunteers.

Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, to take the following Oath.

4% G. 3. c. 71. and all Ads relating to Regiment of Miners extended to this Ad. .

II.	And be it farther enacted, That after the oaffine of this Ad* io much of the Ad pafied in the Forty second Year of His prefect Majesty, intituled, Am AS for repealing an AS made m the Tbirtj eighth Tear of the Reign of Hie present Majesty, intituled, An Ad fa raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, fir the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War9 md for nun efieSuaBy raising and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence 1/ Great Britain, as prcfcribes the Form of Oaths to be taken by Perfons ballotted, and by Subftitutes and Volunteers raised under tliat Ad, shall be repealed, and instead thereof every Perfon who shall be raised by Ballot for the laid Regiment under any Ads in force at the pamng of this Ad, or under any future Ad, and appearing ana serving in Perfon, shall take the following Oath;

4 T A. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful « and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George; and 4 that I will faithfully serve in the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall 4 and Devon, in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Bri-4 tain and Ireland, for the Defence of the fame during the time 4 of Five Years, for which 1 am enrolied, unless I shall be foaner

*	difeharged.’

And every Perfon raised under any of the laid Ads, either as 1 Subftitute, Hired Man or Volunteer, or otherwise than by Bailot, shall take the following Oath :

*	T A. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful 9 and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George ; and that

*	I will faithfully serve m the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and 4 Devon\ in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

*	Ireland, far the Defence of the fame during the time of Five 4 Years, or for such farther time as the said Regiment shall remain 4 embodied, if within the Space of Five Years His Majesty shall ' Order and dined the fame to be drawn out and embodied, unlefa 4 I shall be sooner discharged.9

III.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon who shall be appointed to serve as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, in the Regiment of Miners, to be eftablilhed under.this Ad for extended Service, shall take the following Oath:

4 T A. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be fahhfal t x and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King Georges sad 4 that I will faithfully serve in the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall < and Devon, in any Part of the Unitea Kingdom for the Defence of 4 the fame, until I shall be legally discharged.’

IV.	Aad be it further enacted, That the Regiment of Miners to be raised under this Ad shall be raised under the Provifions contained in the said recited Ad of the Forty second Year aforesaid, and in every other Ad or Ads relative to the said Regiment of Miners, so far as the fame or any of them were in farce immediately before the passing of this Ad, and are not hereby altered; and all Powers and Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said several last mentioned Ads shall, as far as the fame were in force immediately before the palling of this Ad, and are applicable and are not hereby altered or repealed, be in force for the Purpofes aforesaid, and shall respectively relate to the Regiment of Minos tp fa

ft

337

A.D.i8xi«	51^ GEO. Ill*	C.	114.

so rcifed for Service In the United Kingdom, as if the fame were exprtfsly re-ena&ed and contained herein.

V.	And be it further euacted, That all Powcts, Provisions, 43 G. 3 e. 47. Clauses, Matters and Things contained in an A&pafled in the Forty &c-to apptyro third Year of <His present Majesty. intituled. An AH for consolidating ^ ^ Fam il i es VoT and amending the fever al Laws for providing Relief for the Families jj,uotied Men. of Militia Men of England when called out into a Huai Service, or in

any other Acts relative to granting Relief to the Wives and Families of Perfons serving in the Militia of £jj*land, shall, as far a9 the fame’ are extended and relate to Allowances to the Wives and Families of Ballotted Men of the.said Regiment of Miners, be in force, and relpe&ively relate to the Wives and Families of Perfons to be hereafter ballotted to serve, -and tliereupon personally serving iu the said Regiment, under the Provifions of this A6t or any future Adi.

VI.	And be it further enacted, 'That the Regiment of Miners to Ranjc,&c, be raised in manner aforesaid for extended Service shall be entitled to

the lame Rank, Privileges and Exemptions, and fubjcdi to the fame Rules and Regulations, as the said Regiment of Miners now are respectively entitled or subject to under any Att or Acts now in force relating to the said Regiment.

VIL And be it further ena&cd. That all Commiflioned Officers HalfPay. of the said Regiment of Miners whose Service shall become extended to all Part9 of the United Kingdom by virtue of tlm Adt, who shall be disabled in actual Service, shall be entitled to Half Pay according to their Ranks ; and all Non-commiffioued Officers, Drummers and ChelfeaHofpitsC Private Men of such Force so disabled, shall be entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hof pit al; and the Widows of all such Comtniffioncd Widows Pen-Officers killed in .Service shall be entitled to receive such Penfions for fiuas*

Life as are given to Widows of Officers in His Majcily's Regular Forces.

VIII.	And be it further cna&cd, That no Regiment, Battalion Length cfS-r-or Corps of such Miners shall continue to serve in Ireland for any vice in Ireland, longer Period than Two Years successively: Provided always, that in case of any actual Invafion of or Rebellion in Ireland, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to employ or to retain in Ireland, during the Continuance of such Rebellion or Invafion, any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Miners, although such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, may have previously to the Supprefiion of such Rebellion or Invifion served its full Period cf Two Years ; any thing in this Adi tj*the contrary not with (landing: Provided always, that so soon as Provisa, any such Invafion or Rebellion shall have been defeated or suppressed (the fame to be signified by His Majcfty’s Proclamation), every such Regiment, Battalion or Corps which shall then have (erved its full'

Period of Two Years shall return to Great Britain.

IX* And be it further enacted, That no Regiment, Battalion or Service In Ire-Corps of such Miners, shall be called upon to serve in Ireland, until bnd signified by His MajeJiy’s Pleafure shall have been signified by the Secretary of

* X. And whereas it is expedient that His Majesty should beem-

*	powered in the mean time and until a Regiment of Miners for *

4 Service in the United jtingdom shall have been railed and enrolled

6	by virtue of this Adi, to avail himfolf of such voluntary Offers as

*	may from time to .time be made by the present Rrgiment of [ Miners, or by any Part or Parts of the fame, to extend their Services

51 Gio. III.	Z	4	into

A.D.1811.

His Majesty may vest Lands • in any Perfun for building or ' repairing Church or Chapel, or House for Refi-dence of Mi-ndi«r.

9H.3.C. 36.

1 Ann. Sue. 1. c. 7.

No Grant to ex-«#«ii Five Acres.

C. 115.	jrGEO. III.

pairing, purchasing or providing any Church or Chapel where the Liturgy and Rights of the (aid united Church are or shall be used or observed, or any Manfion House for the Refidence of any Minifter of the said united Church, officiating or to officiate in anr such Church or Chapel, or of any Outbuildings, Offices, Church Yard or Glebe for the fame respectively, and to be for those Pur-pofes applied according to the Will of the said Bencfaftor in and by such Deed enrolied, or by such Will or Teftament executed as aforesaid expressed (the Confent and Approbation of the Ordinary being first obtained), and in Default of such Direction, Limitatiun or Appointment, in such manner a3 shall be directed and appointed by the Patron and Ordinary, with the Confent and Approbation of the Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent; and such Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Heirs and Sue-ceflurs respectively, should have full Capacity and Ability to pur-chase, receive, take, hold and enjoy for the Purpofes aforesaid, as well from such Perfons as shall be so charitably disposed to gne the fame, as from all other Perfons as shall be willing to fcU or alien to such Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, any Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels, without anv Licence or Writ ofAd quod damnum: And whereas Doubts naveariftn whether the Powers and Provifions of the faid* Aft will enable His Majesty to make any such Grant for the Purpofes before mentioned : And whereas it j/expedient that the Powers of the said . Aft should be extended for that PurpofeBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ia this prefen t Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffnrs, shall have full Power, Licence and Authority, by Deed or Writing under the Great Seal, or under the Seal of his Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, to give and grant and vest in any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and their Heirs and SucoefTon i respectively, all such his, her or their Eftate, Intereft or Property in any Lands or Tenements within the Survey of the Court of Exchequer, or of the Duchy of Lancaster, for or towards the erecting, rebuilding, repairing, purchasing or providing any Church or Chapel where the Liturgy and Rites of tlu? said United Church are or shall b«t used or observed, or any Manfion House for the Refidence of any Minifter of the said Uirittd Church officiating or to officiate in aur such Church or Chapel, or of any Out-buildings, Offices, Church Yard or Glebe for the fame respectively, and to be for those Purposes applied in and by such Deed as aforesaid expressed, the Confent and Approbation of the Ordinary being first obtained, and such Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Heirs and Succeffors respectively, shall have full Ctvicrty and Ability to receive, take, hold and enjoy for the Purpofes aforesaid, any Lands or Tenements notwithstanding the Statute of Mortmain, or the Ad of the First Year of Her late Majesty Queen Ame> intituled, An Afi for the letter Support of Her Majfjly's House bold, and the Heirntr and Dignity of the LVoww, or any other Aft or Afts, or other Impediment or Difability whatsoever: Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be conftrncd to extend to enable His Majesty, his- Heirs and Succeflbrs> to grant mere thin «	fivs

A.D.iSit.

34*

51# GEO. HT.	C.	115, f ift

Five Acres in any one Grant for any of the Puipofci afore said, or to alter or amend any of the Provifions of the laid Ad of the Forty third Year of Hia present Majesty, which are not hereinbefore specially named and mentioned.

II.	And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That Any Perfon hav-k shall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfona, Bodies Politic or Cor-	s,naPle

porate, seized of or entitled to the entire and absolute Fee Simple grnntBve Acres of any Manor, by Deed under the Hand and Seal or Hands and of Wafte for Seals of any such Perfon or Perfona, and under the Seal or Seals of Ecckfiaftical any such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, and in rolled in the Purpofe*.

Court of Chaneery, to grant to the Redor, Vicar or other Minifter of any Pariih Church and hia SuccefTora, or to the Curate or Minifter of any Chapel and hia Succeftora, any Parcel or Parcels of Land not exceeding in the whole the Quantity of Five Statute Acres, Parcel of the Wafte of such Manor, end lying within the Parifh where such Church or Chapel /hall be or ftiall be intended to be erected, or within.any Extra-parochial Diftrid wherein any such Chapel shall be or shall be intended to be erected, for the Purpofe of erecting thereon or enlarging any such Church or Chapel, or for a Church Yard or Burying Ground, or enlarging a Church Yard or Burying Ground for such Parifh or Extra-parochial Place, or for a Glebe for the Redor, Vicar, Curate or other Minifter of any such Church or Chapel, to ered a Manfion House or other Buildings thereon, or make other Conveniences for the Refidence of such Redor, Vicar,

Curate or other Minifter, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all Rights of Common thereon, and any Statute prohibiting any Alienation in Mortmain, or other Statute, Law or Cuftom to tin? contrary notvvithstanding: Provided always, that no Grant what- Grants rdlrlrtcU soever shall be made of any Land whatsoever, for any of the Pur- t*) Parochial poses authorized by this Ad, unless the Church or Chapel for the	°*

Benefit whereof or of the Minifter whereof such Giant shall be made * shall be a Parochial Church or Chapel for the Service of the.

United Church of England and Ireland, duly authorized by Law, or a Churvh or Chapel duly consecrated for the Service of such Church, or erected, or to be erected for such Purpofe by and with the Licence and Confent of the Ordinary of the Dioccfc wherein the fame shall be.

CAP. CXVI.

An Ad to enable His Majesty to grant a Piece of Ground within the Tower of Lcndony to be used as an additional Burial Ground for Perfons dying within the said Tower.

[26th June 1811.^

*	YT7HEREAS the Cemetery or Burial Ground for the Inter-

*	VV ment of Perfona dying within the Tower of London is

*	incapable, in point of Room, of providing for the Burial of the

*	Dead within the said Tower, and it hath therefore been found

*	abfolutely necessary that a Piece of Ground fiiould be obtained 4 for the future Interment of Perfons dying therein: And whereas

4 there is a Piece of Ground situate and being at the Diftance of . ‘ Six Feet from the Front Wall of the Grand Store Room, under 4 the Small Armoury within the said Tower, which Ground is Part 4 of the Piece of paved Ground commonly called by the Name of

Z 3	4	m

C.ii6.

A.D.i8if«

51* GEO. in.

f The Broad Wally and contains in Length from East to Weft'One ‘ hundred and Eighty . seven Feet, and in Breadth from South to f North Nineteen Feet and Six Inches, and abuts North, at the

*	Diftance of Six Feet, towards the Front Wall of the said Grand

*	Store Room in Part, and in other Part, at the Diftance of Six

*	Feet, towards a Way or Paffage leading to the Jewel Office, « South in Part on the Carriage Way between the Small Armoury

*	and the White Tower, and in other Part on the Terrace and

*	fome Dwelling Houfes in the Occupation of several Perfons em-? ployed as Clerks in the Tower, East on an Engine House occu-

*	pied by the Board of Ordnance, and West on the present Burial 4 Ground ; which present Burial Ground and a Slip of Ground Six

*	Feet in Breadth and One hundred and eighty seven Feet in

*	Length on the South of the Front Wail of the said Grand Store 4 Room in Part, and on the South of the said Paffage to the Jewel 4 Office oil other Part, together with the laid Piece of Ground 4 before particularly deferibed, constitutes the whole of the faid

* Piece of paved Ground called The Broad Walhy and the said 4 Piece of paved Ground called The Broad Walk lies open and

*	unindofed on the South, except .where abutting on the said 4 Dwelling Hnuses, and hath been frequently used as a temporary

*	Depofitory for His Majesty’s Stores, and as a Parade for H» 4 Majesty’s Officers and Soldiers within the said Tower: And 4 whereas the said Piece of Ground before particularly deferibed.

__________ _	4	/	adapted	for	the Purpofe of burying

*	Perfons dying within the said Tower as the said Piece of Ground

*	now used as the Burial Ground of the said Tower: And whereas 4 the said Piece of Ground before particularly deferibed as well as

* the said Piece of Ground now used as the Burial Ground are the ? Property of His Majesty in Right of his Crown, and are extra-

*	parochial and exempt from all Ecclefiaftical Jurifdidion, and it 4 is necessary that Authority be given for using the said Piece of 4 Ground before particularly deferibed as an additional Burial Ground 4 of the said Tower; but inasmuch as by reason of His Majefty’s

*	Eftate and Intereft therein the fame cannot be effected without the 4 Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of

^	the	Lord?	Spiritual	and	Temporal,	and	Commons,	in	this	prefent

lecrate, witn tne utuai Ceremonies and ooiemnities, tne atoreiaia Piece of paved Ground hereinbefore particularly deferibed, containing in Length from East to West One hundred and eighty seven Feet, and in Breadth from South to North Nineteen Feet Six Inches, and abutting upon the said Piece of paved Ground now used as a Burial Ground as aforesaid, to the Intent that the fame Piece of Ground f© consecrated may from thenceforth for ever be used as and ^for a Burial Ground for the Interment of Perfons dying within the said | Tower of London.

after Confeertr II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such Con-Bu-jja^GrouMd (?cra^on* said Piece of Ground so consecrated /hall and may |

Burial Ground of the Tower of

accordingly,

i

A.D.1811.

510 GEO. III.

C. 116.117;

343

accordingly, for ever, be used as and for a Burial Ground for the Interment of Perfons dying within the said Tower, in such and the fame manner as the said Piece of open paved Ground, conilituting the present Burial Ground of the said Tower, hath been heretofore used for the Interment of Perfons dying within the said Tower.

CAP. CXVH.

An A& for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain: and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seffion

of Parliament.

[26th June 1811.]

i i-

11.

in.

IV.

v.

*£5,000,000 o o Out of Surplus of Briti/b Confolidated-Fund	-

356,787. iz 8$ Surplus of Confolidated Fund on 5th Jan.

1811	...

996*927 18 4I Ditto	-	5th	-dpr'd 1811

8,000,000 o O Part of the Sum remaining in the Exchequer to complete 19,500,000/. granted out of , Produce of War Taxes 1810 20,000,000. o o From the following Duties, vis.

Additional Cuftoms under 43 G. 3. e. 70. -----------Excife	on Tobacco, &c.-------	46 G. 3. e. 39.

--- - -— Duties on Property - ■■ — c. 65.

■■■■—- Excife on Brandy

47 G.3. Sefi.c.z'j. Cuftoms -	-	49	G. 3. e 98.

Additional Duties of Cuftoms 51 G. 3. c. 43.

Duty on Linen • Duty on Copper

r. 44.

^•31.

VI. . 2,804,700 o o

New Duties on Importation

of Hides in the Hair — — - c. 67. Additional Duties of Cuftoms, on Fir Timber ■	r.	93.

Exchequer Bills charged upon Supplies for 1810, subscribed to be funded pursuant to the Refolution of the House of Commons of 15th March 1811

* For Naval Services here*

.ts

I

1

U-I

0

1 CO u <2 .

0.00

cw*

9 W. ^<2 -S

I

o

VII.	420,364 o o From Sale of Old Naval

and Victualling Stores

VIII.	The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt and Peniion A6t, not exceeding

T

inafter expressed. See § X.

3.000.	000 10,500,000

1.500.000 4,981,300

6.000.	000

1.500.000 |2|G0Q,000

Exchequer Bills Ditto	-	-	—

Annuities -	-	—

Exchequer Bills -	—

Ditto	-

Annuities (after remitting 4^00,000/. to Ireland,) -

51 ^-3-

2.

3*

4

26.

53

54

c. 49.

o a +* a. •

Lotteries,

3-H

C.117.

Lotteries,

510 GEO. III.

A.D.i8;i.

3.000.	000

8.000.	000

(deducing One Ireland,) Exchequer Bills

third for

5*P-S-

e. ill.

e. 112.

IX.

356,787 11

996,927 18 420,364 O

20,OOO,GOO O 5*,OCO,COO o

Part of Sum remaining to be received 15th Feb. 1811, to complete 19,500,000/. granted out of Produce of War Taxes 1810.

85 (granted above, § II.)

(granted above, § III.) o (granted above, ^ VII.) o (granted above, § V.) o (granted above, J I.)

The following Sums, viz. i,oco,ooo o o Trcalury Bills

2.500.000	O o Annuities and

Treasury Bills

4.500.000	o o Annuities Share of Lotteries

o o Treasury Bills

X.	Appropriation,		viz*
	2°-935 >**94	10	O
	' 3>345>fi75	0	b
	4»453»3'?	10	0
	3>675»75°	0	0
	659,750	0	0
	t t,57.8.ii3	0	0
	2,046,200	0	0
	*>i»3>894	0	0
	2,752,662	6	0
	‘ 352.462	6	0
	*34.336	19	8
	9o,oco	0	0
		8	4
	1,150	0	0
XI.	3,000,000	0	0
XII.	200,coo	0	0
XIII.	400,000	0	0

coming into the lrijb	'51 G.3. t.5/
> Exchequer <	
under the	e• 49*
Ads,			 88.,

D

£i o-

fi£«

2 £r ”2 £* a I

a* u ,

•E t

8:

<

•is .

.3



	1 15 6'
At per	* 7 3
> Man per i	►
\ Month,	I 19 O
J	.0 7 0.

For 145,000 Men,

For Victuals,

For Wear and Tear of

Ships, .	(* 19 o T Month.

For Ordnance for Sea Service,

including"!

Half Pay For Building and Repairs of Ships of War and Extras For Provifions for Troops in Gar-rifons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops embarked on board Tranfports	-

For Hire of Tranfports -	For	the	Year

For Sick and Wounded Seamen at 1811.

Home and Abroad For Prifoners of War in {lealth at Home dnd Abroad Ditto Sick

For Salaries, Stationary and Contingencies of Tranfport Office For Superannuations in the Tranfport and other Offices For Great Britain, 44 to enable His Majesty to take “ such Meafures as may be ncccflary to disappoint “ or defeat any Enterprizes or Defigns of His u Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may €i require."

British Currency, “ to enable His Majesty to take 44 such Mtafures as the Exigency of Affairs may u require for Ireland ”

For Engagements with His Sicilian Majesty.

XIV.

AJ?x2ju Xiv. je2,coo,ooq o

XV. 21,287,004 10 71*99,879 10

3M99 1*

3*098,910 5

518,294 4

3**507 5 28M34 i4

221,993 10

*3**95 8

494*354 18

61,304 12

566,022 7 704,827 o

Si'GEQ.m.

C. 117.

345

O For Portugal, ** to enable His Majesty to continue to u maintain in his Pay a Body of Portuguefe Troops, u and to give such further Aid and Affiftance to ** the Government of Portugal as the Nature of the “ Contefl in which Hi3 Majesty is engaged may u appear to him to require.”

8	For Land Forces and other Services; that is to fay,

6	For Land Forces at Home and")

Abroad (except in the East Indies, Foreign Corps in Bri-tijh Pay and embodied Militia For Five Troops of Dragoons and Eighteen Companies of Foot for recruiting Corps serving in India For embodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall 10 For General and Staff Officers and Officers of Hofpitals at Home and Abroad, and Charge of Garrifons For Full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of Forces For Principal Officers of several Publick Departments in Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences, and Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymafter General

For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Foroes, including Briti/b American Foroes, and Scotch Brigade late in the Service of the States General For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Foroes, including Briti/b Americap Forces For In and Out Penfioners of Chelsea and Kilptainbam Hofpitals, and Expences of the Hofpitals IX For Penfions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Expences attending the fame in Great Britain and Ireland For Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland For Local Militia Force in Great Britain

£966,225

From ► 25th Dec, 181O, to 24th Dec. 181X.

C.'n?* *966,225 17 8

*9.497	6

*3*.7«4 5 9 »3>376 « 8.

5°°»433 *8 5 *83,552 12	*

12,814 2 1

370 O O

482,025 O o 1,648,260 16 o 49400 O o <527*098 19 5 3,200,000 o o

17,061 ^ 3 o

$i# GEO. Iff.

AJD.i8i!i

From ► 25th Dec. 18 to, ti 24th Dec. 1811.

For Foreign Corps in the Ser-.

▼ice of Great Britain and Ireland

For Allowances to retired Chaplains and Allowances to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad, including Allowance to tired Chaplain General and other Contingencies For Medicines and Surgical Materials for Land Foroes, and Hofpital Contingencies For Allowances on the Com-paffionate Lift to Children of deceased Officers of Land Foroes, and to Widows of Officers of said Forces not in titled to Penfions, including Allowance as of His Ma-jefty’s Royal Bounty to fe-veral Officers, and to the Relatives of certain deceased Officers	-	‘	-

For Barrack Department in Ireland

For theCommiflariat and Forage for the Cavalry in Ireland For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in theNature of Superannuation or retired Allowances to Perfons belonging to several Publick Departments in Great Britain and Ireland in respect of their having held Publick Offices of a Civil Nature For Allowance to Two retired Clerks formerly employed in the Office of Comptrollers of Army Accounts For Barrack Department in Great Britain	-	’

For Commiffary in ChiePa Department For Store Keeper General's Department

For Extraordinary Expences of i From 25th.Dtf.1809, the Army not provided for S to 24th Dec. 1810. For Extraordinary Expences pH

the Army of Great Britain ^ For the Year 1811. and Ireland	-	J

For Allowance in addition to*) From 25thMajiSu, Pay of Lieutenant Colonels, f to follow^

Majors

For the Yeariftii,

A-D.i8ii.

51* GEO. III.

C. 1

047

XVI. . 3,413,211 11 10

Major* and Captains of embodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland	-

For Office of Ordnance for' Land Service for Great Bri

<5.593. 6 9

190,836	8	1

188,793	1	9

61,550 2 5

tain

From 15th May x8iir» to 24th jDec* following*

For the Year itiXT

* For the Year afifit*

For Ditto not provided for in 1808*

Ditto	-	in	1809*

Ditto	-	in	1810.

For Office of Ordnance for"

Great Britain on Account of Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men,

Half Pay of reduced Officers,

Allowances to retired Officers and to Officers for good Services, and Penfions to Widows and Children of de-ceafed Officers late belonging to Ordnance Military Corps 89,493 19 6 For Allowances, Compenfations and Emoluments' in the Nature of superannuated or retired Allowances to Perfons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Great Britain in refpe6t of their having held any Publick Offices or Employments of a Civil *Na-,	ture, and also for Widows

Penfions For Office of Ordnance for Ireland

For Office of Ordnance for Ireland on Account of Pay of retired Officers of late Irijh Artillery and Penfions to Widows of deceased Officers of the fame

2,708 4 o For Allowances, Compenfations and Emoluments in the Nature of superannuated or retired Allowances to Perfons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Ireland, in re-fpe& of their having held any Publick Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows Penfions XVII. 10,500,000 o 9 For discharging outstanding Exchequer Bills under

^ O -	5°	Gn	3.	e.	2.

Ditto	-	-	  *.3.

Ditto for the Service of the Year 1810.

Ditto	»	•	/*	j	•	50	C.	3.	114*

XXI.

457,956 8 10 12,485 10 9

XVIII. 1,500,000 o o

XIX.	8,000,000 o o

XX.	2,500,000 0 o

<A.D.i8n.

;348

XXI.

XXII.

XXIII.

XXIV.

XXV.

C. 117.

51- GEO. IIL

4,850,300 o o For discharging out (landing Exchequer Bills ucd^r

50 G. 3«r. 69

Ditto	-	-	 r.	lit.

2,530400

11,632

p

4

1,030 600 10,450 12,965 5,600 2,060 3,ickj

3»90i

13*308

14*495 107,650

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

0

*5

11

1

o

o

o

o

Q

O

O

O

o

6

IK

From I ft Jan. to 31ft Dec. 1811.

► 25th Dec. 1810 to 24th Dec. 18x1.

To make good like Sum issued pursuant to Ac* dresses or the House of Commons, not made good by Parliament.

Civil Eftabliflimenta, viz.

3,400 o o Bahama //lands

Bermudas or Somers IJlasids Dominica Upper Canada Nova Scotia New Brunfwich Cape Breton

Saint John in America^ now called Prince Edward JJland Newfoundland New South Wales Sierra Leone

Ditto	-	On	10th	03.1811.

For Royal Military College	From

For Royal Military Afyurni at Chelsea For Ere&ion of Royal Mili-' tary College at Sandhurjl near Blackwater in Surrey For Expences incident to the Two Houfes of Parliament For Printing for the House of Lords, and for printing Ads of Parliament For printing 1,750 Copies of 63 d and 64th Vols. of Journals of House of Commons

Towards reprinting Two Volumes of Journals and Two Volumes of Reports of the House of Commons For Salaries to certain Officers of Two Houfes of Parliament For extraordinary Expences for Profecutions, &c. re la ting to the Coin of this Kingdom For paying Fees on palling publick Accounts For foreign and other secret Services For Law Charges For confining, maintaining

and

5,766 it. o 28,242 o 6 25,894 11 6

30,000 o o

3,600 o o 21,000 o o

6,ogo o o

6,000 q o

1,880 o 0

4,000 O o

5,poo

175.000

20.000 78>7°°

o o

o o o. o

► For the Year 1811.

:\.T>.x8lI.

	51® <
jff 12,000	0 0
7»909  3.3°°	ri 0 0 0
2,100	0 0
* 7*>7 $*	2 0
11,000	0.0
3 >43$	0 0
2,017	16 9
1.328	5 4
*7,000	0 o'
424	4 0
177	0 0
35$	9 0

51® GEO. m.

C. 117.

349

4430 6 o 624 10 o

221 13 0 79 3 c

For the Year i8xz«

and employing Cortvi&s at Home

For Publick Office in Bovs Street

For Superintendance of Aliens For Stationary for the Two Houles of Parliament For printing Votes of the House of Common!

during the present Seffion.

For Clergy and Laity of"

France, Toulonefe, Dutch and Corjlcan Emigrants,

Saint Domingo Sufferers and American Loyalifts For Sheriffs for Convi&ion of Felons, and Over-payments J

1 To Sheriffs for Convi&ions of To make good | Felons and Over-payments.

► For the Year 1811."

I

> For the Year 1811;

Deficiency of For extraordinary Fxpences Grant in 1810 I of Pro fee utions, &c. relating ^	J to the Coin of this Kingdom.

To pay charitable and other"!

Allowances to the Poor of Saint Alar tin in the Fields, et ah	-

To George Saunders Esquire, to discharge in part outstanding Demands of Artificers for Works done at Somerset Place.

To Thomas Nettlejhip Esquire, for publishing average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Su« gar for One Year to 1 ft Od. 1810.

To Henry Dealtry Esquire, as a Remuneration for hi9 Services as Clerk to the Commissioners for ascertaining the saleable Offices in the Courts of Law.

To Charles Grooby and Francis William Barron for lighting Lamps round New Square in Palace Tard Wtjlminjler, from 7 th September 1807 to 2d June 1810.

To William Chinnery Esquire, for Deficiency of Grant for 1810, for Expenccs attending the confining, maintaining and employing Convicts at Home.

To William Chinnery Esquire, to pay Bills drawn by T. Dumarefq and T. Le Briton, on account of Allowances granted for their Trouble, &c. in attending the Privy Council respecting the Ifiand of Jerfey•

To William Chinnery Esquire, to be paid over to Captaiu Aberdoavn and others, for Ex-pences attending Committee of House of Commons on late Expedition to the Scheldt• To William Chinnery Efquire to discharge Blanchard*s and Ramfay*s Expences the Holyhead Commixes io Seffion 1810.

*4*8

A.D.i8m.

35*

C117.

SI* GEO. in.

£ 428 15 O

1.582	9 o 1*151 8 o

‘ 533 H ° 4,640 11 o

805 7 o

1.582	8 6

475 14 9 2,631 4 6 219 14 o

949 *9 ° 1,248 14 o 9,280 5 o 21,500 o o

4,000 o o

Sri

a

o

s

To Jo&ji France E ("quire, for his A ifi fiance ia forming an Index to the Rolls of Parliament To Edward Stracey Efquire for Services attending as Counfel upon Chairman of Committees of House of Peers, during Seflioa

1810.

To Thomas Brodie Efquire for Salaries and other incidental Expences in forming an Index to Journals of the House of Peers, for One Year to 5th July 1810.

To Thomas Brodie Esquire, for Trouble in forming an Index to Journals of the House of Peers for One Year to 5th July 1810. To James Read Efquire for Eftablifhment of Horse Patrole for better Security of Publick Roads leading to the Metropolis for Three Quarters of a Year to cth Jan. 1811.

To Doctor Thomas Brooke Clarke for Trouble and Attendance in receiving and arranging Returns to Privy Council of Non-refideot Clergy for One Year and half to 5th Jan.

1811.

To William Watson Esquire, Serjeant at Arms to House of Lords, for Services during Selfion 1810.

To William Chinnery Esquire, for MelTrs, Gw ney’e Expences on Committees of Houfes of Parliament in Selfion 1810.

To Lord Walfingham for Service* as Chairman of Committees of House of Peers during Seffion 1810.

To John Clementfon Esquire, Deputy Serjeant at Arms to House of Commons, for One Year’s Rent of a House in lieu of Apartments resigned at the House of Commons. To Magistrates of Thames Police Office for further Expences incurred in carrying into effect the Plan for the better Security of Shipping in the Port of London.

To Peter Grant Esquire, Secretary to Commif-. fioners of Military Enquiry, for Expences of said Commiffioner8 in carrying the Ad into Execution.

For Proteftant Di(TentingMi-" nifters in England ana Ireland, and for Relief of poor French Refugees For Works already executed at the New Mint, to complete Buirdings and Offices there and to fumilh them with remaining Fixtures For additional Machinery fixing by Mailer Rennie, and .,9

► For the Year x8i(.

Other

A.D.i8n«

51° geo. nr.

C 1x7.

3I«

► For the Year i8iu

► For the Year 1811*

other Works by Meflrs.

Bolton and Watt at the New Mint

184,500 o o For Expence of the Tunnel at the New Mint 4t8oo o o For Board of Agriculture 1,600,000 o o For discharging interest on Exchequer Bills.

30.000	o o To defray probable Amount of Bills drawn front

New South Wales, in thecourfe of the Year i8iu 100,000 o o For Relief of the Inhabitants of such Parts of Portugal as have suffered by the Invafion of that Country by the French.

9,500 o o For extra Charge for Contin-' gencies of Three Secretaries of State 5>ooo o o For extra Charge for Meflen-gers of Three Secretaries of State

3>115 *3	5	For Bills of the Ulher of the^

Court of Exchequer, for supplying the Court and Officers -with Stationary; for keeping in repair the said Court, and for accuf-omed Fees or Allowances to the several Officers thereof 2,u 8 4 7 Ditto

16.000	o o To pay Bills drawn for A1-*

Iowan cos to certain retired • Dutch Officers paid by General Sontag 44°° o o For Bills drawn from Jersey on account of Allowances to certain French Emigrants resident there 0,000 o o For Allowances to certain Corjican and Toulonefe Emigrants

3»ooo o o For Repair of Henry the Seventh’s Chapel.

20,coo o o For Roads and Bridges in^

Highlands in Scotland under 43 G. 3. r. 80.

4°*000 o o For making an Inland Navigation from the Eajlern to f For the Year 1811, the Wejlern Sea by Inver - j nefs and Fort William	I

7*ioo o o For Works in progress at the |

Houfes of Parliament	J

5*720 10 11 For rebuilding Light House and making an Oil Light at Heligoland,

*0,500 o o For Compenfation to Com-'J

miffioners appointed to en- ^ For the Year 1811.

► For the Year 1810.

For the Year 1811.

For the Year 1811-

quire into the Public Ex- ]

penditure

I

35*

C.

n7*

51* GEO. III.

A.D.1811.

^3,000	0
6,000	0
25,000	0
104	6
16,000	0
4,000	0
S»ooo	0
1,000	0
12,000	0
5>oco	0
*4.545	2
47.383	7
7.S09	*9
4.635	4
6,207	0
51826	8
4,163	2
100,000	0
4.300	0
1,000	0
5,856	5
rjjh Currency.	
250	0
200	0
200	0
*5*	0

For the Year 1811.

riui-■e in |

For the Year 1811.

► For the Year 1811.

penditure in certain Mili- I tary Departments - I For National Vaccine Efta-blifhment For Royal Vault and Chapter Houle ere&iugat Windfor -For rebuilding public. Edi-' fices in the Ifiand of Trinidad, destroyed by Fire 1808	.	-

Deficiency of Grant for defraying the Expences of Printing for the House of Commons in 1810. For Printing Bills, &c. by Order of Houle of Com-mons during the present Sefiion.

For Repairs and Works at the King’* Bench Prifon, for the Year 1811.

For repairing the Crirtan Canal, in consequence of an Inundation in the Year 1811.

For Bounties, See. for taking" and bringing Filh to the • Cities of Loridon and IVcJl-minjlcr -For rebuilding Bethlem Hofpital, upon a Scale fuffi-cieut for the Reception of Two hundred Patients. For the Improvement of'

Holyhead Harbour For Improvements near to IVeJlminjler Hal!, &c. under 46 G. 3. c. 89.

For Buildings for a.Naval Afylum, and Maintenance of said Inilitution For Truftces of British Mufeum.

To Mailer Samuel Davis for Rent and Loflei sustained on account of the Marjbalfea Prifoa. For Half the Charge of ercdl-"|

ing Bridges over the Rivers > For the Year 1811. Cree and Kenn in Scotland J For Printing under the Record Commifiion.

For printing 1,250 Copies of the 40th, 41ft and 42d Vols. of the Journals of the House of Peers. To the Governors of Queen Anne'% Bounty fu. the Poor Clergy.

For outstanding Demands for Works done at old Marjbalfea Prifon between 1802 and 1810.

For Veterinary Coliege, for the Year 1811.

For Works and Repairs of Military Roads in Barth Britain.

-	-	[In Ireland.]

Infpe&or General of Imports and Exports, pi> paring Accounts of Ireland.

Firll Clerk of Ditto, preparing Accounts. Examinator of Excife, Ditto.

Affiftaut Examinator of Excife, Ditto,

J	/203

► For the Year i8rr.

A.D.1811.

Si* GEO. III.

C.117.

353

XXVII.

XXVIII.

XXIX.

£200	O	o'
200	O	0
25,000	O	0
1,200	O	0
2,500	O	0
9»48l	9	0
1,047	10	2
3>79*	0	O
4,000	0	O
740	0	O
10,500	0	O
3* 447	12	O
22.391	6	8
' 2,822	c	0
40,000	0	0
12,000	0	0
10,000	0	0
21,600	0	0
9,020	0	0
50,000	0	0
10,000	0	0
5,000	0	0
39*737	0	0
38.839	0	0
48,584	0	0
»5.*54	0	0

^ From 5th J/j«.i8ji, to 5th Jan. 1812.

51 Gao. III.

Examinator of Com Bounties for keeping Accounts. Clerk in Auditor’s OfFu-c, for preparing Accounts for Parliament.

For Criminal Profecutions and other Law Expences from cth Jan. 18 11 to 5th Jan. 1812.

For printing, See. 250 Copies of Public General Ads, 51 G. 3.

Apprehending Public Of-^ fenders Non-couforming Miniflers Ex pence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin Support of receding MiO	h	g

'TuijiT	.yn	j	to 2$th March 181 *•

Incidents of the Trea-7 From 5th Jan. 1811, to fury	-	y	5th	Jan.	1812.

Clothing Battle Axe ( From ifl Dec. 1811, to Guards	-	j	. liijune 1813.

Proclamations and other1 v ... T Q Matter, in the DutlmI Fr0nn*» t0 Gazette, &c.	j

Board of Works in Ireland For the Year i8ir. Printing, & c. for Sec re-

taries* Offices, and ! From 5th Jan. 1811, to other Public Offices in [ 5th Jan. 18x2.

Dublin Cuille.	J

For Lottery Officers for One Year due 24th June 1811.

Harbour of Hoivthy Works at.

Draining Bogs under 49 G. 3. c. 102.

Board of Firit Fruits for'I building Churches and ! From 5th Jan. 1811, to ^ Glebe Houses, and j 5th Jan. 1812.	4^

purchafmg Glebes	J

Truilees of the Linen^ ~	~ v j-

and Hempen Manufac- I T . n. e^r eD ,n£	'

tures	-	J	^

Commiffioner. for mak.n Fr hJ jg mg wide and conve- > A r 0	9

nient Streets in Dublin J $ an. 1 12. Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, towards building, See Churches and Chapels, See.

Dublin Society for pro-“) moting Hufbandry,&c. I From 5th Jan. 181X, to Farming Society of Ire- | 5th Jan. 1812.

land	-	- J

For Proteftant Charter Schools'!

Foundling Hofpital in Dublin *

House of Induitry, Hofpitals

and Afylumfor Inuuftrious ! From5th Jan.i%n9 Children in Dublin	1

Hibernian Society for Soldiers’ Children at Dublin Aa

to 5th Jan. 1812.

*3*55

354

C-117.

ji° GEO. III.

A.D.1811.

*3>*55

1,60a

8*973 7>4l 1

5,880

93

1,000

o o

o

o

to 5th Jan. 1812,

► As in former AAs.

o O Hibernian Marine Society o o Female Orphan House near Dublin

o o Roman Catholic Seminary O o IVeJlmorland Lock Hofpital in DubKn For erecting Buildings at the £aft Wing of Sir Patrick Dun’s Hofpital in Dublin Lying-in Hofpital in Dublin For 180 Patient, in House of I From Jthjd„.l8n) Recovery and Fever Hof.}. >th Tm , pital in Dublin 559 o o DoAor Stevens’s Hofpital at Dublin

600 o o For Office of Comraiffioners of Charitable Donations and Bequefts 1,381 o o Affociation for difeounte-nancing Vice 2,500 o o Cork Inftitution 4.000 o o For Improvements and Repairs of Saint Patrick’s Hofpital XXX. Supplies shall be applied only to the Purpofes' authorized, See.	-

XXXI. Rules for Application of Half Pay -

4 XXXII. And whereas the Officers of the Royal Regiment of 4 Manx Fencibles engaged to serve in the said Corps upon a StipuJa-4 tlon contained in the Letter of Service under which they were

•	raised, that they should be allowed to receive any Half Pay to 4 which they might be entitled, notwithilaading their holding Sub-4 ahem Commiffions in the said Corps, but no Provifion has been

* made by Parliament for Payment of such Half Pay; and it is 4 therefore expedient that Provifion should now be made for Pay-4 ment of the Arrears of Half Pay to such Officers as aforesaid;’ Be it therefore enacted, That Officers who are entitled to Half Pay, and who accepted or held Subaltern Commiffions in the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles, shall, notwith(landing their having had the full Pay of such Commissions, be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for any Year or Time in which they shall not hart before been allowed to receive the fame, upon taking an Oath before the Officer usually administering Oaths to Perfons for the Purpofe of their receiving Half Pay, that they had not in any Year or Time for which such Arrear is claimed, any Office dr Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides their Allowance of Half Pay, save and except their Pay as such Subaltern Officer of the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles, and taking the said Oath, shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to entitle such Officer to receive his Half Pay.

4 XXXIII. And whereas Chaplains of Regiments, who hare 4 been placed on Half Pay, have not been allowed to receive such 4 Half Pay in some Years, in consequence of being in PofTeffion at 4 the time of certain Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Preferments, though 4 the lame were sot in the Patronage of the Crown; And whereas

« it

Half Pay allowed to Officers of the Manx Fencibles.

A.D.i8ir.

355

51* GEO. III.	C. 117,118.

*	it has been judged fair and reasonable that they (ljould be allowed ‘ to receive such Half Pay, though in Pofteffion of Ecclefiaftical ‘ Preferment, provided the fame was private Patronage, and not ‘ derived from the Crown, and that they should also be allowed to 4 receive the Arrears of Half Pay for such former Years as afore-4 said ;* Be it therefore enabled, That all Chaplains, who, after having been placed on Half Pay, shall have been refused or been unable to receive such Half Pay in any Year, in consequence of holding any Ecclefialtical Benefice not derived from or in the Gift of the Crown, shall be entitled to receive the'Arrears of such Half Pay for such Years, upon making Affidavit before the proper Officer for administering Oaths to Perfons for entitling them to receive Half Pay, that they held no Ecclefiaftical Benefice or Preferment in any such Year derived from the Crown, nor any Place or Employment of Profit under His Majesty ; and the taking the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to entitle such Chap* lain to receive his Half Pay.

XXXIV. Application of Overplus of Sum under 50 G. 3. c. 115. § 14. to reduced Officers.	-	-

CAP. CXVIII.

An Aft to permit the Interchange of the British and Irifli Militias respectively.	[ift	July 1811.]

*	TT THE REAS it would materially conduce to the better De-4 W fence and Security of the United Kingdom, if the Services 4 of the present Regular Militia of Great Britain and the Militia 4 Force of Ireland were extended to all Parts of the United King-4 dom Be it therefore enacted by the King's .Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent or the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all Perfons who may be commissioned, raised and enrolled in and for the regular Militia of Great Britain, or in and for the Militia of Ireland, at any time after the passing of this Aft, whether by Ballot or otherwise, under any Aft now in force, or which may hereafter be in force for railing Men for the said Militia, shall be liable to serve in all Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland 5 any thing contained in any Aft relating to the said Militias respectively to the contrary not with (landing.

II. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Aft so much of the Aft passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled. An A3 for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia; so much of another Aft paired in the Forty second Year, intituled, An A3 to ratfe and eftablijb a Militia Force in Scotland ; and so much of an Aft pafTed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 for amending and reducing into one A3 of Parliament the several Laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland, respectively, as preferibe the Form of Oaths to be taken by Perfons bauotfed, and by Subftitutes and Volunteers raised under those respective Afts, shall be repealed; and instead thereof every Perfon who shall be raised by Ballot for the Militia in Great Britain or

A a a	Ireland,

As in former Afts.

Half Pay ai. lowed to Chaplains of Regiments although in PofTefiion of Ecclefiaftical Benefices.

Men raised liable to serve irf* any Part of UnitedKingdom.

Oaths on Enrolment of ballotted Men and Subftitutes by 42 0.3 c. 90.

* 41

42 G. 3 c.91.

i 35.36-

49 O. 3. c. 120. S 103. repealed.

35«

C. 118.

A.D.1811.

Oath of ballotted Men.

Oath of Subfti-tute or Volunteer.

4* G.3. c.90.

§ 83. 41 G. 3. c.91. § 77.

49 G.3. c.m

Oath.

M&tia railed as under the former

40*.



51* GEO. HI.

Ireland\ under any Ads in force at the passing of this Aft, or under any future Ad, and appearing and serving in Perfon, shall take the following Oath :

4 T A. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful 4 and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty Kiug George, and 4 that I will faithfully serve in the Militia in any Part of the United 4 Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland» for the Defence of the 4 fame, during the time of Five Years for which I am enrolied, 4 unless I fhafi be sooner difcharged/

And every Perfon raised under any of the said Ads, either as a Subflit ute, hired Man or Volunteer, or otherwise than by Bailot, shall take the following Oath:

4 T A. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful 4 and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, and that 4 X will faithfully serve in the Militia in any Part of the United 4 Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Defence of the 4 fame, during the time of Five Years, or for such further timers 4 the Militia shall remain embodied, if within the Space of Five 4 Years His Majesty shall order and direct the Militia to be drawn 4 out and embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged.*

III.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon who shall he appointed to serve as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in the Militia to be established under this Ad for extended Service, instead of the Oath directed to be taken by any of the said recited Ads, by Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in the Militia, shall take the following Oath :

4. J A. B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful 4 and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George* and that 4 I will faithfully serve in the Militia in any Part of the United

•	Kingdom, for the Defence of the fame, until I shall be legally

*	difeharged/

IY. And be it further enacted, That the regular Militia to be raised under this- Ad in England and Scotland, and the Militia of Ireland\ shall respectively be raised under the Provifions contained in the said recited Ads of the Forty second Year aforesaid, and in the said Ad of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, and in every other Ad or Ads relative to the Militias of England, Scotland or Inland so far as the fame or any of them were in force immediately before the palling of this Ad, and are not hereby altered ; and all Power? and Provilions, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said ieveral last mentioned Ads shall, as far as the fame were in force immediately before ihe palling of this Ad, and are applicable, and are not hereby altered or repealed, be in force for the Puipofes aforesaid, and shall respectively relate to the Militia to be (o raised in England, and Scotland* and Ireland, for Service in the United Kingdom, as if the fame-were expressly re-enaded and contained herein : Provided always, that nothing in this Ad fhaU be construed to extend the Provifions of any Ads which relate only to the Militia of England or Scotland respectively, to the Militia to be raised in Ireland* nor any of the Provifions of any Ad which relates to the Militia, of Ireland only, to the Militia to he raised in England or Scotland*

Y. An*

A.D.i8fi.

C. lit.

3517

*i°GEO.HL

V.	And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Provifions in

Matters and Things contained in an Aft patted in the Forty third 43	3*	c*	47-

Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ad for consolidating and amending the. fevered Law for providing Relief for the Families of 49 G. 3. c. 90. Militia Men of England, when called out into a dual Service; and in

another Aft patted in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled. An Ad for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of the Militia Men in Scotland, when called into actual Service ; and in another Aft patted in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled. An Ad to make ProviJion% in certain Cases, for the Wives ^ c 86. and Families of ballotted Meny Subjlhutes and Volunteers serving in relative to Re. the Militia of Ireland, or in any other Afts relative to granting lief to Families Relief to the Wives and Families of Perfons serving in the Militias of Militia Men of England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, shall, as far as the fame ex.^nde^ *° relate to Allowances to the Wives and Families of ballotted Men be £0^ this in force, and respectively relate to the Wives and Families of Perfons Ait. to be hereafter ballotted to serve, and thereupon personally serving in the Militias of England, Scotland and Ireland under the Provittons of this Aft or any.future Aft : Provided always, that nothing in this Aft shall be construed to extend any of the Provifions of any of the said last mentioned Afts, which relate exclusively to the Wives and Families of Perfons serving in the Militia of one of the said Parts of the United Kingdom, to the Wives and Families of Perfons to be hereafter raised in either of the said other Parts of the United Kingdom for Service in the United Kingdom.

VI.	And be it further enafted^ That the Force to be raised in Called “The England, Scotland and Irelandin manner aforesaid, for extended Militia of the-Service, shall be called “ The Militia of the United Kingdomand United Kiug-the Parts of it to be raised in Great Britain or Ireland shall be re- ” fpeftively entitled to the fame Rank, Privileges and Exemptions,

civil, military and religious, and fubjeCl to the fame Rules and Regulations, as the said Militias now are respectively entitled or subject to _ under any Aft or Afts now in force relating to the Militia of Great Britain or Ireland, or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament whatsoever respectively.	.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That all Commiffioned Officers Half Pay. of the said Militias whose Service shall become extended to all Parts

of the United Kingdom by virtue of this Aft, who shall be disabled in actual Service, shall be entitled to Half Pay according to their Ranks; and all Non-commifiioned Officers, Drummers ana Private Men of such Force so disabled, shall be entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hofpital, and the Widows of all such Commifiioned Officers ChelfeaHofpUfl killed in Service, shall be entitled to receive such Penfions for Life Widows Penas are given to Widows of Officers in His Majesty’s Regular Forces. *,ons*

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Regiment, Battalion Limiting Period or Corps of British or Irifh Militia shall continue to serve in Ireland for which

or Great Britain respectively, for any longer Period than Two Years < r lll(h fuccelfively ; and that no greater Number than One Fourth Part of	hT

the Militia of Great Britain shall at any one time be employed in refpc£tively. Ireland, nor any greater Number than One Third Part of the Militia of Ireland be at one time employed in Great Britainv. Provided always, that io case of any actual Invatton or Rebellion of and in any Part of the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to employ in Great Britain or Ireland> any Number of the said Mili-

A a 3	tias

•C. it8.

. A.D.1811.

Provifo.

BritiOi or Irtflt Militia havirg once served in-One Pan of the United Kingdom nut to serve there again but in Roteticn.

Militia not to Serve until Hie Majefty'* Plea-lure figoined.

His Majesty emr piwerea to employ prefetit 'Militia making a voluntary Offer tp serve.

51'

GEO. III.

tias of cither Part of the United Kingdom which he may deem ne-cefiary for defeating or suppressing any such Invafion or Rebeilion, or to retain in eithe** Part of the United Kingdom during the Coo. tinuance of such Rebellion or Invafion, any Regiment, BattaKoo or Corps of the said Militias of either Part of the United Kingdom, although such Regiment, Battalion or Corps may have previously to the Suppreffion of such Rebellion or Invafion served its fuI^Period of Two Years in the other Part of the United Kingdom ; anything in this Aft to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always that so I’on as any such Invafion or Rebellion shall have been defeated or suppressed (the fame to be signified by His Majesty’s Proclaim, tion) every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia which shall then have served its full Period of Two Years shall return to that Part of the United Kingdom for which it was originally serving..

IX.	And belt further enacted, That no Regiment, Battalion or Corps of British or Irtfh Militia, having once performed its Period of Service in Ireland or Great Britain respectively, shall be again liable to serve in Ireland or Great Britain relpeftively, until the Expiration of Six or Four Years respectively, to be calculated from the Termination of such Period of Service: Provided always, that in case of any actual Invafion or Rebellion of or in any £art of the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to employ in any Part of the United Kingdom any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of British or Irtfh Militia, although such Period of Six or Four Yean respectively may not have elapsed since the Termination of its lad Period of Service in Ireland or Great Britain respectively.

X.	And be it further enacted, That no Regiment, Battalion or. Corps of the Militia of Great Britain shall be called upon to serve ia Ireland, nor any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Irijb Militia shall be called upon to serve in Great Britain, until His Majesty’s Pleafure shall have been signified by the Secretaiy of State, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, as the case may be.

4 XI. And whereas it is expedient that His Majesty should beenu

*	powered, ip the mean time and until the Militia of the United

*	Kingdom shall have been railed and enrolled by virtue of this Ad,

*	to avail himself of such voluntary Offers as may from time to time 4 be made by any Regiments, Battalions and Corps of Militia of

*	Great Britain and Ireland respectively, or by any Part or Parts of f the fame, to extend their Services into all Parts of the United 4 Kingdom, for the better Proteftion and Defence thereofBe it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to employ in any Part of the United Kingdom, under the Regulations and Re. ftnftions and in the Proportions specified in this Aft, such Part of the present Regular Militia of Great Britain, and the Militia of Ireland respectively, as may make a voluntary Offer, duly certified by their respective Commanding Officers, of extending thair Service* to all parts of the United Kingdom, and as His Majesty may think proper to permit to extend their Services in confluence of such voluntary Offers as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for HU Majesty, by any Order signed by the Principal Secretary of State, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, pr by his or their Chief Secretary, directed to the Commanding pfficer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Dud Militia

Force*

A.D.1811.

C. n9:

359

S f GEO. IIL

Force* of Great Britain or Ireland, to propose to Jbch Regiment,

Battalion or Corps, or any Part or Part* thereof,A) extend their Services to all Part* of the United Kingdom, undefc* such Rule* and Regulation* as Hi* Majesty may think fit to appoint.

XII* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Bounty to Per-lawful for His Majesty to direct that a Bounty not exceeding Two Tons miking vo. Guinea* shall be allowed to every Non-commiffioned Officer, Drum- hn*ary Offers, mer and Private Man who shall make such voluntary Offer at afore-laid; and that every Private Man making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid, shall, if he shall have been originally chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, take the following Oath ; videlicet,

*	T A. B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful Oath.

4 X and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, and that

4 I will faithfully serve in the Militia in any Part of the United ( Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Defence of . the ‘ fame, during the Remainder of the Term for which I was enrolled

*	to serve in the Militia within Great Britain [or, Ireland, as the case 4 may be] unless I shall be sooner di (charged.*

And every such Man shall be then and there enrolled to serve in the Militia of the United Kingdom a* a Private Militia Man, until the Expiration of the Period for which he waa originally enrolled to serve in the Militia of Great Britain, (or Ireland> as the case may be) and eveiy Private Man making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid who shall have been originally enrolled to serve as a Subftitute, hired Man or Volunteer, (hail be enrolled to serve in the Militia of the United Kingdom for the Remainder of the time for which he was originally enrolled to serve in the Militia of Great Britain (or, Ire-lend, as the case may be) or for such further time as the Militia may remain embodied; and shall take the following Oath ; videlicet,

4 T A. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful Q*th.

4 1 and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, and that 4 I will faithfully serve in the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland,

4 for the Defence of the fame, during the Remainder of the time for

*	which I have been enrolled to serve in the Militia within Great 4 Britain [or, Ireland, as the case may he'] or for such further time 4 as the Militia may remain cmbodied9 unless I shall be sooner dif-4 charged .*

And every Non-commi(Honed Officer and Drummer making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid, shall also be enrolled to serve m the Militia of the United Kingdom, and shall take the Oath* hereinbefore directed to be taken by all Non-commiffioned Officer* and Drummers who may hereafter be enrolled to serve in the, Militia of the United Kingdom by virtue of this A£t; and such several Enrolments shall take place, and such Oaths shall be administered, at such times and under such Regulations, as His Majesty, by any Order to be signed bv the Secretary of State or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Secretary, shall in that behalf direct or appoint.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Perfon serving in the Commanding (aid Militia of either Part of the United Kingdom shall be compelled Officer to explain to make such Offer, or be engaged to serve out of that Part of the that Offer to be United Kingdom for which he is enrolled and serving, except by, hi*

Own Content; and no Commanding Officer shall certify according to

A a 4	this

A.D.1811.

this Aft any voluntary Offer previously to liis having’ explained to every Perfon of the Militia offering so to serve, that the Offer is to be purely voluntary on his Part.

Aft to apply to XIV. And be it further enabled, That all Provisions, Rules and Perfons majynjg Regulation* contained in this Aft, relating to Perfons who mar of extemiing * hereafter be commissioned, railed and enrolled in the Militia of the Service*.	United Kingdom, shall be applicable to all Perfons now serving n

the regular Militia of Great Britain or the Militia Force of Mani respectively, who may make a voluntary Offer of extending their Services to all Parts of the United Kingdom in manner aforetaid.

A& altered, &c# XV. And be it further enacted, That this Aft may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be made in this prelect Seffion of Parliament.

[At to this Aft not afftBing Cap, 20. ante. fee Cap. 138./^.]

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for repealing Two Afts made in the Forty second zri Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for the nor? effectual Admitiiflration of the Office of a Juftice of tic Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of MiddUfex and S; rm as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effeclud Prevention of Feionics; and for making other Provifiom in lieu thereof ; to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thenct until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Seffion of Parliament. [ift July i8n.]

42 G. 3. c.76.	* TT7HEREAS an Aft was made in the Forty second Yearr:

4 V\ the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled, An A3 fir 4 repealing Two Adis, made in the Thirty second and Thirty ft xth l ean 4 of the Reign of His prtjcni Majesty,for the more P dual Admirfi > 4 tion of the Office of a Jufice vf the Peace, in such Paris nj r: 4 Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the PLir-4 polis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies ; andfurwa*?

*	ing other Provifiotis in lieu thereof; andfor tncreafmg the Solaria v

*	the Juft ices at the Thames Police Office, until the Firjl Day of

*	One thousand eight hundred and seven, and from thence to the E'J 1 of the then next Seffion of Parliament; which was to continue i.. 4 force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred ari

*	seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion 01IV

47 G. 3. SeiT 2. * liament %r which, by another Act, made in the Forty seventh Y?:r e. 42.	€ of the Reign of His present Majessy, was continued until the !.;!i

*	Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, and from 4 thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament: Acd

*	whereas it is expedient that the said Afts flrould be repealed, ai.d 4 more cffeftual Provifions made in lieu thereof :* May it therefe please Your. Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majessy, by and whh the Advice aid Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That the said Afts shall, from and after the passing of this Aft, be and the fame, are hereby repealed.

. •	‘	II.	And

repealtd.

51° GEO. 1XL	C119.	3 6x

II.	And be it enacted, That the several Public Offices now efta- The Seven Puli-blifhed in the following Places, namely, the Parifhes of Saint Mar- lic Office* con-garet WeflminJlcTy Saint James JVe/lminJler9 Sditit James Clcrhrnwell} tinue^*

Saint Leonard Shoreditch9 Saint 'Mary Whitechapel and Saint Paul Shadzvelly in the County of Middlefext and at or near Saint Margaret's Hill in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrcy9 shall be continued, and the several Perfons appointed by His Majofty to execute the Office of Juftice of the Peace at each of the said Offices, by virtue of the said Aft, shall continue to execute the fame, together with such other Justices of the Peace for the said Counties rcfpeftively as may think proper to attend.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful HisM.ijc(tymsy for His Majesty, from time to time, upon any Vacancy in any of the appoint Ju ice* said Offices, by Death or otherwise, to appoint other fit ana proper lt’ **11 up Vacaa-Perfons, being Justices of the Peace of the said Counties of Middlesex Cles*

and Surrey respectively, to execute the Duties of the said Office in his Place; and that One or more of the said Justices so appointed as aforesaid, shall diligently attend at each of the said Publick Offices every Day from Ten of the Clock' in the Morning until Eight of the Clock in the Evening, and at such other Times and Places as shall be found necessary ; and that Two of the said Justices so to be appointed as aforesaid shall in like manner attend together at each of the said Offices from Twelve of the Clock at Noon until Three in the Afternoon, and from Six of the Clock in the Evening until Eight of the Clock in the Evening of every Day: Provided always, that Provifo.

•the Attendance of One of the said Justices may be supplied during the Hours at which the Attendance of Two is required as aforesaid, by any other Juftice of the Peace for the said Counties of Middlrfcx or Surrey respectively.

IV.	And be it enabled, That no Juftice or Justices of the Peace Juftice talcinp for the County of Mtddlcsex, County of Surrey, City and Liberty	lh*

of Wejlminjlery or Liberty of the Tower of London, or his or their ™ c *** Clerk or Clerks, or any Perfon for them, other than at the said Publick Offices, shall directly or indirectly, upon any Pretence or under any Colour whatever, take or receive any Fee, Gratuity, Reward or Recompence, for any A ft by him or them done or to be done in the Execution of his or their Office or Employ as Juflice or Justices of the Peace, Clerk or Clerks as aforesaid, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the Parifhes of Saint Mary le honey Paddington9 Saint Pancras, Kenfir.gton and Saint Luke at Chelfea9 in the said County of Middlesex, upon Pain of forfeiting Penalty, the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such OfFcnce ; to be recovered, One Moiety thereof to the Receiver appointed in the manner hereinafter mentioned, to be applied to the Purpofts of this Aft* and the other Moiety thereof, with full Cofts of Suit, to the Perfon or Perfons who shall sue for the fame in any of His Majeftv’s Courts of Record at Wejl min(Jcr, by Aftion of Debt, Plaint or Information* wherein no Effoign, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than Oue Im- *• parlance shall be allowed: Provided always neverthelefb, that nothing prov»(-; for peig in this Aft contained shall be construed to extend to any Fees taken for licensing at any General or Quarter-Seffions of the Peace, or at any Meet- Alehoufe*, and* ing of Justices for the Puipofe pf licensing Alehouses, pursuant to faken at an Aft passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His late Majesty Kina Office ,n Bow George the "Second, intituled, An Acl for regulating the Manner 0}	c.31.

licenfing

3<?a

C. 1x9.

51° GEO. lit

A.D.1S11,

Account of Fcst taken at the Seven Offices delivered monthly. Amount of Fees paid Receives.

Penalties (Exception) recovered at Public Offices, paid to Receiver.

If Fees not accounted for. Receiver may sue for fame.

licensing Alehoufet in that Part of Great Britain called England; and jor the more easy conviding Perfons felling Ale and other Limtort •without Licence, or to any Fee* taken at a certain Public Office within the Liberty of Westminster, known by the Name of Tht Public Office in Row Street; or to any Fees taken by any Veftry Clerk or hie Affiftant, as Clerk to any Juftice or Justices of the Peace acting within the Parifh in which such Juftice or Justices reside, for the Purpofe of enforcing the Payment of any Taxes or Affeffmentt anting within the fame Parifh, or for the Purpofe of bearing tod determining any Offence cognizable before a Juftice or Justices of the Peace, Dy virtue of any Statute made and provided for the Special Regulation or Government of such Parifh.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Justices so appointed to attend at the said Seven Public Offices as aforesaid, and their Clerks respectively, shall, in Books to be provided for that Purpose, keep a full, true and particular Account of all the Fees taken and received at each of the said Offices, together with all Penalties and Forfeit-ures which shall have been recovered, levied or received, in pur-fuance of any Adjudication, Convidion or Order had or made, at any of the said Seven Public Offices, or any Procefs or Warrant issuing from the fame; to which said Books and Accounts, the Receiver to be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned shall at all times have free Accefs 5 and the (aid Justices shall once in every Month deliver unto such Receiver, such Account, verified upon Oath by such Juftice or Justices, their Clerk or Clerks, and such other Perfon or Per-fons as shall be employed in keeping such Accounts respectively, or any Part thereof, before some Juftice of the Peace for the laid County of Middlesex or County of Surrey, as the case may be j which Oath such Juftice is hereby authorized and required to ad-minister, and shall paj and cause to he paid the Amount of all such Fees unto such Receiver, to be applied in manner hereinafter men* tioned; any Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftandiog.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all such Penalties and For, feitures and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures as are or shall he limited and made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, or to any Defcription of Perfons, other than the Informer or Informers who shall sue for the fame, or any Party aggrieved, and which shall be recoverable in a summary way before a Juftice or Justices of the Peace, and which shall he recovered or adjudged before any Juf, tice or Justices of the Peace at either of tne said Seven Public Offices, shall be accounted for and paid into the Hands of the Re-ceiver, to be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, by the Juftice, Clerk, Constable, Officer or other Perfon or Perfons who shall levy or receive the fame, to be applied by such Receiver in manner hereinafter mentioned $ any Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

.VII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Justices appointed as aforesaid, or any other Perfon having received any such Fees at any of the said Seven Public Offices, shall neglect to account for and pay the fame in manner aforesaid ; or if anv Juftice, Justices Clerk, Constable, Officer or other Perfon, who mail levy or receive such Penalties or Forfeitures, or Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures, shall negk& to pay the fame into the Hands of such Receiver in manner aforefaid) Or if any Perfon} having resigned such Office of Receiver

51* GEO. III.	C.	119.	363

or having been removed from the fame, (halt neglect, within Twenty . one Days after Notice for that Purpose, to account for and pay into the Hand# of the succeeding Receiver all such Sums of Money as shall remain in his Hands applicable to the Purpofes of this Alt, it shall be lawful for such Receiver for the time being, in his own pro-per Name only, or bv his Name and Defcription of Office, to sue for and recover the fame, with Double Cods of Suit, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Weflminjler% by A&ion of Debt or on the Cafe ; in which A&ion it shall be sufficient for such Receiver to declare as for Money had and received to the Ufe of such Receiver for the Purpofes of this Alt, and the Defendant or Defendants in such A&ion may, at the Difcretion of any Judge of such Court, be held to special Bail, in such competent Sum as such Judge (ha]l order and dirclt; and in any such A&ion against any such Perfon so liable to account as aforesaid, the said Court in which such A&ion shall be brought, may, if such Court shall think proper, at the In-ftance of either of the Parties, refer the Accouut in Difpute, in a summary manner, to be audited by any Officer of the said Court, or other (it Perfon at their Difcretion, who may examine both Plaintiff and Defendant upon Oath (which Oath the said Perfon shall have Power to adminifter), and upon the Report of such Referee, unless either of the Parties shall (hew good Caufe to the contrary, such Court may make such a Rule or Order, either for the Payment of such Sum as upon such Report shall appear to be due, or tor (laying the Pro* ceedings in such Cause, and upon such Terms and Conditions as to the fame Court shall appear reasonable and just; or the said Court may order Judgment to be entered up by Confeflion for such Sum as upon such Report shall appear to be due.

VIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of any Receiver continued or appointed by virtue of this [nVulid» of 2-A&, or of any rerlon having resigned or been removed from such ceased Receivers, Office, or of any of the other Perlons whom the said Receiver for and recover from the time being is authorized to sue as aforesaid, then and in such Executors, case the Receiver for the time being may in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Defcription of Office, sue for and recover such Sum of Money as shall have been remaining in the Hands of such deceased Receiver or other Perfon, applicable to the Purpofes of this A&, or the Executors or Admiuiftrators of such Perfon deceased; in which A&ion it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff in Subftance to state that the Deceafed was indebted to the Plaintiff for Money had and received for the Purpofes of this A&, or that the Deceafed died possessed of Money had and received for the Purpofes of this A&, whereby an A&ion accrued to the Plaintiff to demand and have the fame of such Executors or Admiuiftrators; and the like A&ion shall and may be brought again ft any Executors or iYdminiftrators pf Executors or Adpiiniftrators; in all which Atiions, the Defendant or Defendants may plead in like manner and avail themselves of the like Matters in their Defence, as in any A&ion founded upon Simple Contra&s of the original Teftator or Intestate; and in all A&ions to be brought by such Receiver by virtue of this A&, Proof of the Plaintiff’s acting in the Execution of such Office shall be sufficient Evidence of his holding the feme, unless the contrary can be (hewn in Evidence by the Defendant qr Defendants in fucb

IX. And

A.D.i&n.

His Mffjeflv in IX. And be it further enacted, That it /hall and may be hwfd

Council may for His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, by and with the Ad**? •rdt;r Salaiiet to cf hj8 or their Privy Couneil, to direct the Salaries hereinafter mes-iwilices.	tioned, to be paid to the Jullices so appointed to attend each of the

said Seven Public Office?, for their Time and Trouble, and such further Sums for the Expcnccs of the laid Offices, and for the Pay. ment of Clerks, Peace Officers and others therein emploved, in fach manner as to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, by and wrdi the Advice of bis or their Privy Couneil, shall seem meet 1 Providrd always, that the yearly Salary paid to each of the Justices shall be Five hundred Pounds, clear of all Taxes and Deduftions whatever;

Ftovtfa.

provided also, that the whole Charges attending the said Offices (the said Salaries being included), shall not exceed the annual Sum of Twenty one thousand Pounds, over and above the necessary Di!-burfements for hiring and repairing the Houfes or Buildings wherein the said Seven Public Offices shall be held.

Receiver enn- X And be it further enacted, That the Receiver appointed by turned in Ofljcc, virtue of the Aft hereinbefore recited and repealed, may be cou-D«a h CHis Ma- *>nucd in his said Office, (a) it shall and may be lawful for His Majeftr, jefty miy	his Heirs and SuccefTors. by and with the Advice of his or their Privy

point mother.	Couneil, upon any Vacancy in the said Office of Receiver by Dealt

His Duxy. or otherwise, to appoint any other proper Perfon, not being One of the JuRices appointed to aft at cither of the Offices aforesaid, to be the Receiver of the said Seven Public Offices ; which said Receiver, or the Receiver now appointed under and by virtue of the hereinbe* fore recited Aft. shall keep an exact and particular Account of all stich Monies as shall be received by him by virtue of any Provifions of this Aft, arid shall apply the fame Quarterly in Difcharge of the Salaries, Expcnccs and Charges attending the said Public Offices and the carrying this Aft into Execution, and shall make all such Contracts and Difburfemcnts as shall be necessary for the hiring, fitting up and furnishing proper and sufficient Houfes or Buildings wherein the said Seven Public Offices shall be held, in such manner as His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors by and with the Advice and Confent of his or their Privy Couneil, shall think proper te dircft and appoint ; of which said Premifes so to he hired, and th^ Fixtures ar.d Furniture thereof, and of all other NeceflTariea to b-purchafcd for the Purpofes of this Aft, the Property or Interen. 10 acquired therein shall be veiled in the Receiver for the time being, who shall and may in like manner fell, assign and dispose of the Tam? pr any Part thereof, under the like Directions and Appointment a? Ocpafion shall require; and such Receiver shall forthwith, after bis Appo intment, prepare proper Plans and Eflirnates of all such Cou-trafts and Difburftmcr.ts ?.s shall be necessary for the Purpofes afore-said, and shall deliver the fame to His Majefly’s Principal Secretarv of State for the Home Department ; and such Receiver shall father do and execute all such ether lawful Matters and Things to wards the Eftablifhmcnt of the said Seven Public Offices, and towards the carryring this Aft into Execution, as Hia Majesty, h«s Heirs and SuccefTors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Couneil, shall from time to time think proper to direct. (a) [5* in the original slfl. ]

Receiver to	XI.	Provided	always, and be it further enacted. That stich Re-

render Accounts. cciver shall every' Six Months, and oftencrif required, deliver to the

Lord

3*5

r-

SX* GEO. m.

C. 119.

&

%

, -



^ *0



%— ^

\\-

vV>



*»afurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’* ♦ime being, a full and particular Account of all 'eived and paid as aforesaid, with Vouchers for 'Hint shall be verified upon Oath before any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record at Wejl» \ for his Care and Pains in the Execution retain to his own Ufe, out of the aforesaid, such Sum, not exceeding fy	nr,	as His Majesty, his Heirs and

’*e of his or their Privy Couneil, hvays, that if it shall appear be applied by the said Re--C6 and Charges attending fcj	ing this Atfc into Exe-

.0 defray the fame, the De-.out of the Confolidated Fund ; v nere shall be any Surplus in the .itall pay the Amount of such Surplus Majesty vs Exchequer, and the fame shall be i/art of the said Confolidated Fund, a also, and be it further enacfcd, That it shall and *ul for his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefldrs, by and _ Advice of his or their Privy Couneil, to make such Altera-

.* in the Places where any of the said Seven Public Offices shall toe situated, or to make such Alterations in the Hours of Attedance therein, and to make all such other Regulations to be observed ia conducting the fame, as he or they from time to time shall think proper

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That where by any Law now in being or hereafter to be made, any A& is directed or authorized to be done by any Juftice or Justices of the Peace redding in or near or next the Parifti or Place where any Offence, or other Matter cognisable before them, shall be committed, or shall arise, the fame Jurif-di&ion shall and may be exercised by a Juftice or Justices aCling in Aich of the said Seven Public Offices as may be situated next or near Cue Vi Parifti or Place.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no Juftice of the Peace appointed as aforesaid shall, during the C011-r/nuance of such Appointment, be capable of being elc&ed or of fitting as Members of the House of Commons.

XV.	And be it further ena&cd, That no Juftice, Receiver or Constable, nominated and appointtd as aforesaid by virtue of this A£V, shall, during the time he or they shall continue jn their refpec-tive Offices, or within Six Months after he or they shall have quitted the fame, be capable of giving his Vote for the Ele&ion of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or for the City and Liberty of Wefiminjicr, or the Borough of South-vtark respectively ; nor shall by Word, Mefsage, Writing, or in any other Manner, endeavour to persuade any Elc&or to give, or to difTuade any Eledor from giving his Vote for his Choice of any Per-fon to be a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Counties or for the said City aud Liberty of IVeJbtinJler, or Borough of South-nvarh; and every such Juftice, Receiver or Constable as aforesaid p&nduig therein* shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds,

13	One

Allowance t# Receiver.

Deficiences provided for.

Confolidated

Fond.

His Majefty'ia Council may alter Situation af Offices.

What A&s map be done by Jul-t;ce acting in next Public Office.

Justices incapable uf hiring in Parliament.

Not to vote at. any Ele&ioa.

Penalty.

A.D.iSn.

C. ir$.	$i*GEO.	til.

One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety them! to the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh or Place where such Offm: shall be committed ; to be recovered by any Per fan that shall sue for the fame by Allion of Debt, Bill* Plaint or Information, in any of His Majetty’s Courts of Record at IVrJhnlnfler, in which no EfTuigs, Proteilion, Privilege, \Vager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed ; such Alhon to be brought within the Spaceof One Year after such Offence so committed j Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Alt shall extend or be construed to extend to subject any such Juftice, Receiver or Constable as aforesaid, to any Peraky or Penalties for any Alt or Alts done by him or them, at or conceding any of the said Elections, in the Difcharge of his or their Daly or Duties in their said refpeltivc Capacities, lull ices to em- XVI. And be it further enalied, That the Juflices appointed as ploy CoiitUb cs. aforesaid flia]lf jn their refpeHive Offices, retain and employ a fuffi-cient Number of fit and able Men, whom they are hereby authorized and empowered to swear in to all as Constables, for preserving the Peace and preventing Robberies and other Feionics, and apprehending Offenders against the Peace within the said Counties of Middle sex and Surrey refpeHively, as well by Night as by Day; which said Conflables so appointed and sworn as aforesaid, shall have all such Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have by virtue of any Law or Statute now made or hereafter to be made ; and fhaQ obey all such lawful Commands as they shall from time to time receive from the said Juflices for the apprehending Offenders or other-wife conducing themselves in the Execution of their said Office or Employment 5 and such Juflices or any Two of them shall and may at any time dismiss from his said Employment every such Con liable belonging to their refpeHive Offices, whom they shall think remits or negligent in the Execution of his Duty orotherwife unfit for the fame, and appoint such others in their Stead as to them shall seem protifo.	meet: Provided always, that no greater Number than Twelve (hall

at one and the fame time be so retained as aforesaid, at any one of PKorifo.	the (aid Public Offices: Provided also, that if any Perfon so ap-

pointed a Conflahle as aforesaid shall be difmifTed from his said Employment as aforesaid, all Powers and Authorities veiled in him as a Constable under and by virtue of this AH, shall immediately ceafc and determine, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever.

Receivers to	^CVII. And be it further enalled* That the said Receiver, out of

pty CooUAte*. the Monies hereinbefore direHed to be-applied in discharge of the Salaries, Expences and Charges attending the said Public Offers shall and may pay to the Conflables so appointed as aforesaid, for their Trouble and Attendance as aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding One Guinea per Week, and any extraordinary Expences they (hail appear to have been necessarily put to, in apprehending Offenders ana executing the Orders of tne Juflices ailing under and by virtue of this AH ; such Extraordinary Expences being first examined and approved of by the Juflices attending the Office in which such Conftables shall have been respectively appointed.

4 XVI11. And whereas divers ill Jifpofed and fufpeHed Perfoos • and reputed Thieves frequent Places of Public Refort, the Ave-4 niies leading thereto, and the Streets and Highways, with Intent to 4 commit Felony on the Perfons and Property of His Majefly's Sub-

4 jecis

3 66

Limitation of Attiiu.

A.D.i8ir.

3*/

510 GEO. III.	C119.

*	je&s there being; and although their evil Purpofca are fufficicntly

*	manifest, the Power of His Majesty.’s Judices of the Peace, to de-

*	mand of them Sureties for their good Behaviour, hath not been of 4 sufficient Effed to prevent them from carrying their evil Purpofes

*	into Execution Be it enacted, That, from and after the patting Conftable# may of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful for any Constable, Head* apprehend fur-borough, Patrole or Watcliman, to apprehend every such Perfon, petted Perfonr. and convey him or them before any Juftice of the Peace; and if it

shall appear before the said Juftice, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnestes, that such Perfon or Perfons so brought before him by such Constable, Headborough, Patrole or Watcliman, or by ary other Perfon whatever, as well within the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as elsewhere, is or are a Perfon or Perfons of evil Fame and a reputed Thief orThieves, and such Perfon or Perfons shall not be able to give a satisfactory Account of himself or themselves, and of his or their way of living, and it shall also appear to the Satisfa&ion of the said Juftice that there is just Ground to believe that such Perfon or Perfous was or were in such Public Place of Refort, Avenue, Street or Highway as aforesaid, with such Intent as aforesaid, every such Perfon shall oe deemed a Rogue and Vagabond within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in x7G.a.c.5. the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An A8 to amend and make more ejfcBual the Laws relate in* to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Perfons, and to Houfes of CorreBion.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That every such Convidion shall Form of Con-be in the following Form of Words, as the case may happen, or in any other Form ofWords to the like Effed s

1 BE it remembered. That on the	Day of

4	in	the	Year of our Lord

4	A.	B.	is	brought	before	me	C.	B.	Esquire,

4 one of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in and for the County 4 of	[or.	City,	Liberty	or Place,

4 as the case may be], and charged before* me the laid Juftice with 4 being a Rogue and Vagabond; he the said A. B. having been ap-4 prehended on the	Day	of.

4	in a certain	called

4 in the Parifli of	in the said County, [or, City,

4 ft cetera, as the case may be'], and it appearing to me the (hid Juf-4 tice, on the Oath of	a	credible

4 Witnefs, that the said A* B. is a Perfon of evil Fame and a reputed 4 Thies, and the said A. B. on his Examination before me not being 4 able to give a satisfactory Account of himself or of his way of 4 living, and it also appearing to the Satisfa&ion of me the said 4 Juftice, that there is just Ground to believe the said A. B. was in 4 fuch	aforesaid,	with	Intent	to	commit	Felony

4 on the Perfon or Property of His Majefty's Subje&s there being ;

4 I do therefore, in pursuance of an Ad patted in the Fifty fir ft Year 4 of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the 4 Title of this A8] convict him the said A. B. of the said Offence,

4 and adjudge him to be a Rogue and Vagabond, within the Intent Xy G. 2. c. f.

4 and Meaning of the Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of the 4 Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An 4 A8 to flmcod and make more effeQual the Laws relating to Rogues,

•	4	Vaga-

AJB.iBn.

368*	C.	119.	317	GEO.	in.

Certiorari• Appeal.

Recognizance.

17 G. 2. c-5v

Provif*

Provifo for Lord Mayor, See. of London as to Jurifdi£lion in Southwark:

c Vagabonds, and other idle and dif orderly Perfons, and to Hoofer € of Correction ; and that he for his said Offence be committed t j

*	the House of Correction for the said County, until the next Gt-

*	neral or Quarter [as the case may be~] Seflions of the Peace to be 1 holden for the said County, City or Place, [as the case may be\ 1 then and there to be further dealt with according to Law. [If tie

*	Party be committed for a left time than until the Sejfons, then fty,

1 there to remain for the Space of	J.r

And that such Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be qualhed or fet aside, or ad. judged void or insufficient, for want of any other form of Word* whatever; nor shall the fame be removed by Certiorari into His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench.

XX. Provided always, and be it fuither enacted, That if any Perfon shall think himself aggrieved by the Judgment of such Judice as aforesaid, such Perfon may appeal to the Juft ice* of the Peace at the next General or Quarter-Seifions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Perfon at the time of his ConviCtion entering into a Recognizance with two sufficient Sureties conditioned personally to appear at the said Sefiions to try such Appeal, and to abide the further Judgment of the Justices at such Seffions assembled; and in case such ConviCtion shall be affirmed at such Sefiions, the said Justices may adjudge such Perfon to be a. Rogue and Vagabond, and proceed t'aga in ft such Perfon in the fame manner as they might have done if such Rogue and Vagabond had been committed to the House of Correction until such General or Qmfter-Seffions; and in case such Perfon shall not appear pursuant to the said Recognizance, the Perfon so convicted by such Juilice shall be deemed an incorrigible Rogue within the Intent and Meaning of an Adi made and passed in the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Aft to amend and male more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Paga bonds, and other idle and dif orderly Perfons, and to Houfes of Correction; and the said Justices at such Sefiions, or any Two of them, shall issue their Warrant to apprehend and commit the Perfon so deemed* an incorrigible Rogue to some House of Correction or Common Gaol within their Jurifdiction, there to remain until the next General or Quarter-Seffions for the said County, [Liberty, or City, as the case may then and there to be further dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that no Perfon convicted under this Adt, shall be deemed fubjedfc or liable to Punifhment by whipping.

XXL Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be couftrued to extend to deprive Ihe Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, of any Rights, Privileges or Jurifdidlions which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised or enjoyed, within the Town and Borough of Southwark and the Liberties thereof, or to prevent the Mayor of the City of London for the time being, and such of the Aldermen of the laid City who have borne the Office of Mayoralty, and the Recorder of the said .City, for the time being, from adking as Juilkea of the Peace within the laid .Town and Borough of Southwark and the Liberties thereof, Jn such and the like manner as they could or might have done in case this Adi had not been made.

XXII. Pro-





AJD.i8n.

5 r GEO. III.	C. 119.	369

XXII- Provided always, and be it enaAed, That nothing in this	Vfeaa

A A shall extend or be conilrued to extend to deprive the Dean of ”"j of \yelJ*eW* the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter IPeJlmlhJler for the time being, nj or the High Steward of the City and Liberty of Weftm'mjler for the time being, or his lawful Deputy, of any Rights, Privileges or Ju-rifdiAions which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised or enjoyed, within the laid City and Liberty, in such and the like manner as they could or might have done in case this AA had not been made.

*	XXIII. And whereas by the said recited AA, palled in the 4a G. 3- c. 76,

4 Forty fecoud Year of His Majesty’s Reign, it i*, amongst other $ 23»

* things, provided, that the yearly Salary to be piid to each of the *1V &4°G.j.

* Juft ices who shall be appointed to attend the Public Office efta-	'*

4 blifticd by an AA passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year3 of

4 His Majtfty’s Reign, intituled, An Art for the more effectual Pre-4 vention of Depredations on the R'tver Thames and in its Vuini'y ;

4 and to amend an Act made in the Second Tear nf the Rei^n cf His nre-4 sent Majessy, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Per-4 fons navigating Bum Boats ami other Boats upon the River Thames; 47 G.3. Sefl*. 2.

4 which by another AA made in the Forty seventh Year of the c.42.

4 Reign of His present Majcfly, was continued until the Twenty Salary paid to

*	fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen,

4 shall he Five Hundred Pounds clear of all Taxes and Deductions 4 whatsoever \* Be it further enaAed, That the Yearly Salary to be paid to each of the said last mentioned Justices shall from and after the passing of this A A be Five Hundred Pounds clear of all Taxes and DtduAions whatsoever: Provided also, that the whole Expenccs attending the said last mentioned public Office, the last mentioned Salaries being ineluded, shall not exceed the annual Sum of Eight thousand three hundred Pounds ; any thing in the above recited A6t of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His Majesty’s Reign to the contrary in any wife nottfithftanding.

•	XXIV. And whereas it is expedient that the Officers and Officers und P** 4 Patrole belonging to the said Public Office in Bow Street should tro'L's

' be sworn in as Constables, and be empowered to aA within the 4 Limits of the several Counties of Middlefexy Surrey, EJfex and act “s 0 a

*	Kent, the City and Liberty of lVeJlminJIer% and the Liberty of the

*	Tower of London ;9 Be it therefore further enaAed, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices belonging to the said Public Office in Bow Street (the Chief Magiilrate of such Office for the time being, being one) being Justices of the said several Counties, City and Liberties, to administer to such Perfons refpec-tively an Oath duly to execute the Office of Constable within the Limits aforesaid ; and each of such Perfons being fwom shall have Power to aA as a Constable for the Prefervation of the Peace, and for the Security of Property against Felonies and other unlawful Modes of obtaining the fame within any and every of the said several Counties, City and Liberties, and for apprehending Offenders against the Peace, as well by Night as by Day; and within the Limits aforesaid, every such Constable shall have all such Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have within his Conftablewick: Provif®, Provided always, that when any such Couft^ablc shall be difmifled

51 Geo. III.	B	b	from

370

AJXi&u.

C. 119, 120, 121.	4	510	GEO.	III.

from his said Employment, or ccafe to belong to the laid Public Office in Bow Street, all Powers and Authorities, Allowances, Emo-luments, Privileges and Advantages, veiled iu the Perfon so dif-miffed or ceasing to belong to the said Office, shall immediately cease and determine.

Continuance of XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall continue Att.	in force until the Firll Day of June One thousand eight hundred

and thirteen, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Seffion of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. CXX.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Forty fevonth (a) Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually preventing the Stealing of Deer.	[lit	July	1811.]

41 G.3. c. 1C7. * YTTHEREAS by an Aft palled in the Forty second Year of * VV the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An Ad for 4 more effectually preventing the Stealing of Deer, no Provilion is made 4 for a Mitigation of the pecuniary Penalties thereby imposed for ‘ committing the several O(Fences therein mentioned ; from the Waiit 4 whereof conftderable Inconvenience has arifenBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of On Con vision	fame, That on the Cunviftion of any Offender under the (aid

of Offenders	Aft,	for wilfully coursing or hunting, or	taking in any Slip, Noofr,

under recited	Toil	or Snare, or killing, wounding or	deftroying or (hooting, or

At\> Mariftrate	otherwife attempting to kill, wound or	destroy, or carrying away,

PeLlry oUo!	anY	or fallow Deer, kept or being in the unenclofed Part of

to acL * any Foreft, Chase, Purlieu or ancient Wall (a), without the Confent of the Owner of such Deer, or without being otherwise duly authorized, or for knowingly being aiding, abetting or affilling therein or thereunto ; it shall and may be lawful for the Magiftrate or Magif-trates by and before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be con-vifted to mitigate the Penalty of Fifty Pounds thereby imposed tor the First Offence to any Sum at their Difcretion not less than Twenty Pounds, to be levied in the manner directed by the said recited Ad; Provided always, that every other Part and Provifion in the said re-Provuo.	cited ^ft shall auj remain in full force and effect as if this Ad

had not been made or passed.

(j) [So in the Original A8-~\

CAP. CXXI.

Art Aft to suspend the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or diftilied in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported from either Country to the other respectively; and to suspend the Importation into Great Britain of any Spirits made or diftilied in Irelandy except such as shall have been warehoused according to Law; and for regulating the Exportation of Home-made Spirits from Great Britain to Ireland and

from

37i

A.D.1811.	516 GEO. lit.	C.m*

from Ireland to Great Britain, until Three Months after the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament.

[2d July 1811.]

WHEREAS by the Ads for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it 18, among other things, provided, that any Af-‘ tides of the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of either Country, * which are or may be subject to internal Duty, or to Duty on the * Materials of which they are composed, may be made subject, on * their Importation into each Country refpettively from the other, * to such Countervailing Duty as ihall appear to be just and reafon-* able, in respect of such internal Duty or Duties on the Materials ; * and that upon the Export of the said Articles from each Country * to the other refpecttvdy, a Drawback shall be given equal in * Amount to the Countervailing Duty payable on such Articles on * the Import thereof into the lame Country from the other: And * whereas by the said Ads, and by other Ads of Parliament now * in force, certain Countervailing Duties are chargeable on Spirits * made or distilled in Great Briiain, on the Importation thereof into ‘ Ireland, and tin Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, on the Ira-4 portation thereof into Great Britain, and certain Drawbacks are in * certain cases payable on the Export of such Spirits from either • Country to the other respectively: And whereas Doubt3 have * arisen whether certain of the said Duties and Drawbacks are just 4 and reasonable, and how far the fame are therefore confident with * the Letter and Spirit of the said Ads for the Union of Great 4 Britain and Ireland, For Remedy thereof and to the Intent that 4 fnch Countervailing Duties should be imposed, such Drawbacks * allowed, and such Provilions made as shall be judged proper for * putting the Trade between Great Britain and Ireland, in respect ‘ of Home-made Spirits, upon a jud, fair and equitable Footing * according to the true Meaning and Spirit of the said Ads for the 4 Union of Great Britain and Ireland, and also that sufficient time * may be afforded for Ascertaining jud and reafunable Countervailing 4 Duties and Drawbacks, and for making such necessary Provifions 4 as aforesaid, it is expedient that the Payment of all Drawbacks * upon the Export of such Spirits from each Country to the other ' respectively should be suspended for a limited time :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coufent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of tbc fame, That, from and after the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Payment of all Drawbacks for or in respect of such Spirits,' on the Exportation thereof from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to any Part of Great Britain respectively, shall be suspended during the Continuance of this Ad.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Countervailing Duty and Drawback, which shall be payable after such Period of Sufpenfioo ihall he expired, in respect of any Spirits which may have been or shall be imported into and exported from each Country refpettively, at any time after the Fifteenth Day of June last, shall be such as shall be ascertained and preferibed for that Purpose, by any Ad of Parliament, to be pafTed in the next $efiion of Parliament, before the Expiration of the said Three Months.

£b.t

39&40 C.3. c. 67.

40 G.3. (I.) 0*38.

Drawbacks on Spirits expo ted between GB. and Ireland luf-pended.

Future Counten-vailing Duty'and Drawback.

III. And

3^3

C. 119.

51® GEO. lit.

A.D.1811.

Account of Pent taken at tho Seven Office* delivered monthly. Amount of Fees paid Receiver.

Penalties (Exception) recovered at Public Offices, paid to Receiver.

If Feet not accounted for. Receiver may (ue for lame.

licensing Althoufet in that Part of Great Britain called England; and Jo/ the more eajy cowviding Per Jons Jelling Ale and other Liquors without Licence, or to any Feet taken at a certain Public Office within the Liberty of Wejlmitiflert known by the Name of The Public Office in Bow Streets or to any Feet taken by any Veftry Clerk or hie Afliftant, at Clerk to any Juft ice or Justices of the Peace acting within the Parifh in which such Juft ice or Justices reside, for the Purpofe of enforcing the Payment of any Taxes or A ffe Aments arising within the fame Pari(h, or for the Purpofe of hearing and determining any Offence cognizable before a Juftice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of any Statute made and provided for the Special Regulation or Government of such Parifh.

V.	And be it further enacted. That the Justices so appointed to attend at the (aid Seven Public Offices as aforesaid, and their Clerks respectively, shall, in Books to be provided for that Purpose, keep a full, true and particular Account of all the Fees taken and received at each of the said Offices, together with all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall have been recovered, levied or received, in pur-fuance of any Adjudication, Convi&ion or Order had or made, at any of the said Seven Public Offices, or any Procefs or Warrant iftuing from the fame; to which said Books and Accounts, the Receiver to be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned shall at all times have free Accefs 5 and the said Justices shall once in every Month deliver unto such Receiver, such Account, verified upon Oath by such Juftice or Justices, their Clerk or Clerks, and such other Perfon or Per-fons as shall be employed in keeping such Accounts respectively, or any Part thereof, before some Juftice of the Peace for the laid County of Middlesex or County of Surrey, as the case may be; which Oath such Juftice is hereby authorized and required to ad-minister, and shall pay and cause to be paid the Amount of all such Fees unto such Receiver, to be applied in manner hereinafter mentioned; any Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI- And be it further enacted, That all such Penalties and Forfeitures and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures as are or shall be limited and made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, or to any Description of Perfons, other than the Informer or Informers who shall file for the fame, or any Party aggrieved, and which shall be recoverable in a summary way before a Juftice or Justices of the Peace, and which shall be recovered or adjudged before any Juftice or Justices of the Peace at either of tne said Seven Public Offices, shall be accounted for and paid into the Hands of the Receiver, to be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, by the Juftice, Clerk, Constable, Officer or other Perfon or Perfons who shall levy or receive the fjune, to be applied by such Receiver in manner hereinafter mentioned; any Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if the laid Justices appointed as aforesaid, or any other Perfon having received any such Fees at any of the said Seven Public Offices, shall neglect to account for and pay the fame in manner aforesaid ; or if any Juftice, Justices Clerk, Constable, Officer or other Perfon, who shall levy or receive such Penalties or Forfeitures, or Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures, shall negk& to pay the fame into the Hands of such Receiver in manner aforesaid ; Or if any Pcrfon9 having resigned such Office of Receiver

or

51* GEO. III.	C.	up.

or having been removed from the fame, shall neglect, within Twenty one Days after Notice for that Purpose, to account for and pay into the Hands of the succeeding Receiver all such Sums of Money as shall remain in his Hands applicable to the Purpofes of this Aft, it shall be lawful for such Receiver for the time being, in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Defcription of Office, to sue for and recover the fame, with Double Cods of Suit, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by A&ion of Debt or on the Cafe ; in which A&ion it shall be sufficient for such Receiver to declare as for Money had and received to the Ufe of such Receiver for the Purpofes of this Adt, and the Defendant or Defendants in such A&ion may, at the Difcretion of any Judge of such Court, be held to special Bail, in such competent Sum as such Judge shall order and direct ; and in any such A&ion again (I any such Perfon so liable to account as aforesaid, the said Court in which such A&ion ll\all be brought, may, if such Court shall think proper, at the In-dance of either of the Parties, refer the Accouut in Difpute, in a summary manner, to be audited by any Officer of the said Court, or other fit Perfon at their Difcretion, who may examine both Plaintiff and Defendant upon Oath (which Oath the said Perfon shall have Power to adminifter), and upon the Report of such Referee, unless either of the Parties shall (hew good Caufe to the contrary, such Court may make such a Rule or Order, either for the Payment of such Sum as upon such Report shall appear to be due, or tor (laying the Proceedings in such Cause, and upon such Terms and Conditions as to the fame Court shall appear reasonable and jud; or the said Court may order Judgment to be entered up by Confeffion far such Sum as upon such Report shall appear to be due.

VIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of any Receiver continued or appointed by virtue of this A&, or of any Perfon having resigned or been removed from such ceased Receivers, Office, or of any of the other Perfons whom the said Receiver for and recoverffom the time being is authorized to sue as aforesaid, then and in such Executors, case the Receiver for the time being may in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Defcription of Office, sue for and recover such Sum of Money as shall have been remaining in the Hands of such deceased Receiver or other Perfon, applicable to the Purpofes of this A&, or the Executors or Adminiftrators of such Perfon deceased; in which A&ion it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff in Sub (lance to (late that the Deceafed was indebted to the Plaintiff for Money had and received for the Purpofes of this A&, or that the Defeated died possessed of Money had and received for the Purpofes of this A&, whereby an A&ion accrued to the Plaintiff to demand and have the fame of such Executors or Adminiftrators; and the like A&ion shall and may be brought against any Executors or Adminiftrators pf Executors or Adminiftrators; in all which Atiions, the Defendant or Defendants may plead in like manner and avail themfelveB of the like Matters in their Defence, as in any A&ion founded upon Simple Contra&s of the original Teftator or Intestate; and in all A&ions to be brought by such Receiver by virtue pf this A&, Proof of the Plaintiff’s acting in the Execution of such Office shall be sufficient Evidence of his holding tfie fame, unless the contrary can be (heyrn in Evidence by the Defendant pr Defendants in such A&ion.

IX. And

A.D.1811.

3^4

His Majesty in

Council may •rdt^r Salaries U Juilices.

FVovifa.

Reeetver continued in Office, end in case of Dea.h, His Ma*. Jelly imy ap. point mother.

His Duly.

Receiver to render Accounts.

C. 119.	5	r	GEO. III.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfcl for His Majcfly, his Heirs and SuccefTors, by and with the Adric

> of his or their Privy Couneil, to dire# the Salaries hereinafter men-tioned, to be paid to the Juilices so appointed to attend eachoftbe said Seven Public Offices, for their Time and Trouble, and such further Sums for the Expences of the said Offices, and for the Pay. ment of Clerks, Peace Officers and others therein emploved, iu fuck manner as to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Couneil, shall seem meet: Provide always, that the yearly Salary paid to each of the Juilices shall be Five hundred Pounds, clear of all Taxes and Deduftions whatever; provided also, that the whole Charges attending the said Offices (tbe said Salaries being included), shall not exceed the annual Sum of Twenty one thousand Pounds, over and above the necessary Dif-burfemeiits for hiring and repairing the Houfes of Buildings wherein the said Seven Public Offices shall be held.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Receiver appointed by virtue of the A# hereinbefore recited and repealed, may be continued in his said Office, (a) it shall and may be lawful for HisMajefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors by and with the Advice of his or their Proy Couneil, upon any Vacancy in the said Office of Receiver by Death or otherwise, to appoint any other proper Perfon, not being One of the J11 Rices appointed to aft at cither of the Offices aforesaid, to be the Receiver of the said Seven Public Offices ; which said Receiver, or the Receiver now appointed under and by virtue of the hereinbe-fore recited Aft. shall keep an exact and particular Account of all such Monies as shall be received by him by virtue of any Provifioas of this Aft, and fltall apply the fame Quarterly in Difcharge of th? Salaries, Expcnccs and Charges attending the said Public Office, and the carrying this Aft into Execution, and shall make all such Contrafts and Difburfcmcnts as shall be necessary for the hiring, fit-ting up and furnishing proper and sufficient Houfes or Buildings, wherein the said Seven Public Offices shall be held, in such manner as His Majessy, his Heirs and SuccefTors, by and with the Ad. vice and Confent of his or their Privy Couneil, shall think proper to dircft and appoint; of which said Premifes so to be hired, and the Fixtures and Furniture thereof, and of all other Neceflaries to b purchased for the Purpofcs of this Aft, the Property or IntereK so acquired therein shall be veiled in the Receiver for the time being, who shall and may in like manner fell, assign and dispose of the fam; pr any Part thereof, under the like Direftions and Appointments Ocpafion shall require ; and such Receiver shall forthwith, after bi< Appointment, prepare proper Plans and Eftimates of all such Con-trafts and Difburftmer.ts as shall be necessary for the Purpofes afore-said, and shall deliver the fame to His Majefly’s Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department; and such Receiver shall fir-ther do and execute all such other lawful Matters and Things to-wards the Eflablifhment of the said Seven Public Offices, and to-wards the carrying this Aft into Execution, as His Majessy, ini Heirs and SuccefTors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Couneil, shall from time to time think proper to dircft. (a) [& in the original

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That such Receiver shall ever}’’ Six Months, and oftener if required, deliver to the

Lord



ji* GEO. III.	C. 119.

Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commiflioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, a full and particular Account of all Monies by him received and paid as aforesaid, with Vouchers for the fame; which Account shall be verified upon Oath before any Juftice or Baron of any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVcfl-mixjler; and such Receiver, for his Care and Pains in the Execution of such Office, shall and may retain to his own Ufe, out of the Monies so received by him as aforesaid, such Sum, not exceeding AlWancete Four hundred Pounds in each Year, as His Majesty, his Heirs and Receiv«* Succeflbre, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Couneil,

shall direct and appoint: Provided always, that if it shall appear Deficiencesyw-that the Monies hereinbefore dire&cd to be applied by the said Re- vWed ceiver in discharge of the Salaries, Expences and Charges attending the said Seven Public Offices, and the carrying this Act into Execution as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to defray the fame, the Deficiency shall be made up and supplied out of the Confolidated Fund ; and if at the End of any Year there shall be any Surplus in the Hands of such Receiver, he shall pay the Amount of such Surplus into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and the fame shall be carried to and made Part of the said Confolidated Fund.

XII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and HisMajeflyi* may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, by and ah^r"s!iu!!2wivf with the Advice of his or their Privy Couneil, to make such Altera- offices.

tions in the Places where any of the said Seven Public Offices fliali be situated, or to make such Alterations in the Hours of Attedance therein, and to make ail such other Regulations to be observed in conducting the fame, as he or they from time to time shall think proper.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That where by any Law now What A£b mtf in being or hereafter to be made, any Act is directed or authorized

to be done by any Juftice or Jufticcs of the Peace residing in or near n€Xt or next the Parilh or Piace where any Offence, or other Matter cog- office, oizable before them, shall be committed, or shall arise, the lame Jurif-diftion shall and may be exercised by a Juftice or Jufticcs acting in such of the said Seven Public Offices as may be situated next or near such Parifli or Place.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it cnaCtcd and declared, That no JuHic«inc*p«b]#

Juftice of the Peace appointed as aforesaid shall, during the C011-	1,1

tinuance of such Appointment, be capable of being elected or of ^ar lament* fitting as Members of the House of Commons.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That no Juftice, Receiver or Not to vote*. Constable, nominated and appointed as aforesaid by virtue of thia any Ele&ion. ACt, shall, during the time he or they shall continue in their refpec7

tive Offices, or within Six Months after he or they shall have quitted the fame, be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Middltfcx or Surrey, or for the City and Liberty of Wejlminjler> or the Borough of Southwark refpeCtively; nor shall by Word, Mefsage, Writing, or in any other Manner, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give, or to dissuade any EleCior from giving his Vote for his Choice of any Per-fbn to be a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Counties or for the said City and Liberty of IVefoninJlcr, or Borough of Southwark ; and every such Juftice, Receiver or Constable as aforesaid p&nding therein, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, Penalty*

13	One

C. 12:,'123.

518 GEO. III.

A.D.1S11.

376

49 G.5. C.IC2.

continued till Jan. x, 1813. Irifti Treifury may issue 12,ocol. to defray fiipences.

CAP. CXXII.

An Aft to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Aft for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Nature and Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland, and the Praftica-bility of draining and cultivating them, and the best Means of effecting the fame.	[2d	July	18x1.]

4 TY7HEREAS an Aft was made in the Forty ninth Year of * VV His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, sin jlS to appoint 4 Commissioners to enquire and examine, until the Firjl Day of August 4 One thousand eight hundred and eleven, into the Nature and Extent of 4 the ftveral Bogs in Ireland, and the Pr attic ability of draining and 4 cultivating them, and the hcjl Means of ejfeQing the fame : And 4 whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act should be conti-4 nuedBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majtfty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affembltd, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until and upon the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commiflioners of His Majesty’s Trenfury in Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, for the time being, aud they are hereby authorized and required to issue and cause to be issued, over and above the Sum mentioned in the said recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, upon the Warrant or Warrants of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer of Ireland; which Sums so issued flnll be employed by the said Commissioners for the Payment of Surveyors, Engineers, Workmen, Clerks, Meffengcrs and other Officers, and in defraying all the necefiary Charges in or about the Execution oi the Powers of the said recited Aft, in such manner and in such Proportions as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners under the said recited Aft, or any Four or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that behalf; and that such Sums shall be accounted for by the said Commissioners, or the Perfon or Perfocs to whom the fame shall be issued or paid, before the Commissioners of Impreft Accounts in Ireland, in like manner as Monies granted or imprefted for any public Work 5 and no Fees or other Charges ihall be taken or demanded for the iifuing or Payment of the fame.

CAP. cxxni.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland

[2d July 1811.]

4 XY7HEREAS it may be convenient in the present Condition 4 W of the Prifons and Gaols in that Part of the United King-4 dom of Greet Britain and Ireland\ called Ireland, that force of

* the

A.D,i8i i.

377

51® GEO. III.	C. 123*

*	the Prifoners who dre now confined therein (hould- be fet at Li-4 berty;' Be it» therefore enafled by the King’s Mod Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffingj of this Act, all and every Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon in any' County, City, Town, Place or Liberty within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall and is and are hereby required, to make a true, exact aud perfect Lilt, alphabetically, of the Name' or Names of all and every Perfon or Perfons who, upon the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, was or were*’ or have since continued to be under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such Lilt shall be really an actual Prisoner or Prifoners in the Cuflody of any. Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of any Prifon respectively,

. upon any Procels .whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Dapiage, Colls, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Non-payment of, Money, and an Account of the time when such Prifoucr or Prifoners was or were respectively charged in Cullody or received in Prifon, together with the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons at whose Suit or Profecution such Prisoner or Prifoners is or arc detained, together with the Amount of such Debts as the said Prisoner or, Prifoners are detained for, and shall deliver the fame to the Judices of the Peace at their Firll or Second General Quarter-Seflion or General Seflionof the Peace, to be held after the palling of this A£t, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, City, Town, Place or Liberty relpe&ively.

If. And be it further enacted, That the Mar/hal of the Four Courts Marshalsea, and every other Keeper and Gaoler of any other Prifon in any Place or Liberty in Ireland, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such Lid of Prifoners in their respective Cudody, take an Oath in open Court of such General Quarter-Seflion or General Seflion of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to the Effe& following ; that is to fay,

4 | A. B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Prefence of Almighty

*	God, do solemnly swear, profefo and declare. That all and every

4 Perfon and Perfons whose Name or Names is or are inserted and 4 contained in the fird Part of the Lid by me now delivered in and 4 fubferibed, was or were to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, 4 upon the Fird Day of May One thousand eight hundred and 4 eleven, really and truly Prifoners in actual Cudody in the Prifon 4 of \infert the Name of the Prifon\ at the Suit or Suits of the 4 several Perfon or Perfons therein respectively mentioned; and also 4 that all and every Perfon and Perfons whose Name op Names is or 4 are inserted or contained in the fecor.d Part of the said Lid, now 4 by me delivered in and fubferibed as aforesaid, have since the said 4 Firll Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven been 4 committed or furrendcrcd to the said Prifon of [infert the Name of 4 the Prifon] at the Suit or Suits of the several Perfon or Perfons 4 whose Name or Names is or are therein contained, was or were to 4 the bed of my Knowledge and Belief really and truly Prifoners in 4 actual Cudody on the said Fird Day of May One thousand eight 4 hundred and eleven, as appears by the Returns made to me on his ‘ and their rcfpc&ive Commitments.	So help me GOD.*

Which

Gaolers to make out Lift* of Pri-foneis inCuftody.

Keepers of

Prifuns to take Oaths on deliver-, ing in Litis.

Oath.

A.D.iSn.

Oath admi— niftered in open Court.

Lifts kept by Clerk of the Peace, and examined gratis.

Copses of Lifts fixed up in Prifons, before Delivery to Sc Qians.

Prifoners for what Sum to be iiicharged.

Justices may. on Piiiom-r* deli* vci ine Schedules, ilfue Warrarls to bring: them to Quaxter-Scilions.

C. 123,	51* GEO. M.

Which the said Justices, at their First or Second General Quarter-Seflion or General Seflion aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurifdiftions, are hereby empowered and required to adminider in open Court, and the Words of the said Oath hereinbefore directed to be taken by the said Marfhal and other Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the LiII which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be fubferibed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court; and every fiach Lift which shall be P> delivered in, fubferibed and sworn to in pursuance of this Aft, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Perfon acting as Clerk of the Peace of every such County, City, Town, Place or Liberty respectively, in which any such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfadlion of the said Jufticcs and Information of all or any Prisoner or Prifoners therein named, and so as the fame may from time to time be fecn and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prisoner or Prifoners, without Fee or Reward.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Keeper or Gaoler, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prifon or Gaol, is and are hereby required Ten Days at least before the Firfl or Second General Quarter Seflion or General Seflion of the Peace shall be held after the palling of this Aft for the County, City', Town, Place or Liberty in which any Prifon or Goal shall be or to which the fame shall belong, to fix up in some conspicuous Pbce or Places in every' such Prifon or Gaol, and at the most frequented or usual Gate, Door or Entrance into every such Prifon or Gaol, Three or more true Copies of the Lift or Lifts proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Keeper or Gaoler at the said General Quarter-Suffices or at some Adjournment thereof.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons who, on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, were charged in any Prifon or Gaol for the Nonpayment of any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money which did not in the Whole amount to a greater Sum than One thousand five hundred Pounds, and whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, taking the Oaths hereby directed to be taken, and who shall perform on his or her Part what is required to be done by him or her by this Aft, shall, as to his Perfon and Effefts refpctiively, be for ever released, discharged and exonerated, to such Extent and in such manner as is hereinafter provided, and no othorwife.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful fer any Juftice "or Juflices of the Peace of any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty within this Kingdom, upon the Petition of ar.y such Prisoner or Prisoner:*, to any Juftice or Juflices of the Peace within his or their rcfpa tive Jurisdictions, upon every such Prisoner or Prifoners so petitioning, and at the time of his or her so petitioning leaving with the Juftice or Jufticcs of the Peace so petitioned a true Copy of the Schedule, containing his or her intended Difco-very of his or her Real and Per Tonal Lstate, to be sworn to at the First or Second Genera! Quarter-Seflion next enfumg after every such Petition or some Adjournment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or under their- Hands and Seals, to require the

Sheriff

A.D.i8it

379

51* GEO. III.	C. 123*

Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prifon within the Jurifdi6iion of any such Juftice or Justices, to bring before the Justices at the First or Second next General Quarter-Seffion or General Seffion of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as the case shall happen to be next after the Expiration of Ten Days f?om the Date of such Warrant, for such re^pettive Connty, City, Town, Place or Liberty, the Body of any Perfon being in the said Prifon as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of hit or her Detainers, together with a Copy or Copies of the Car.fe or Caufes which he, ihe or they is or arc charged with in any Prifon or Gaol as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid 5 for which Copy or Copies of such Caufe or Caufes such Prisoner shall apply to the said Keepur or Gaoler of such Prifon, who shall make out and tranferibe the fame at lead Six Days before the time of his or her Appearance, which Warrant of every such Juftice or Justices every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Keeper or Gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

4 VI. And whereas confiderable time may intervene between the 4 pafling of this A£t and the next General Quarter-Seffion or Ge-4 neral Seffion of the Peace, which would be the Means of detaining 4 in Prifon a Number of Perfons, who with their Families are in the 4 greatest Diftrefs Be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, upon Petition from Debtors as aforesaid, to assemble their respective Court9 as soon as may be after passing this A6t, for the purpose of administering the Oaths and other the Matters required by this A&, and to appoint such Day or Days for the Difcharge of Prifoners as they shall fee proper.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That the Copy of every such Schedule which shall be left or delivered in as aforesaid, shall be and remain with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty in which the fame shall have been so left, there to remain and be infpefied from time to time as Occafion shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to infpe£i the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Debtor and Debtors confined in any Gaol of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exonerated under this A61, shall first cause public Notice to be inserted in Three several Dublin Gazettes, previous to such General or Quarter-Seflion or General Seffion, or the Adjournment thereof, at which such Application shall be made 5 and if such Debtor shall be in Cuftody in any Gaol out of Dublin or the County of Dublin, or shall have moved himself by Habeas Corpus from one Gaol to another* then also in feme Newlpaper in or near the County, City, Town or Liberty, in the Gaol whereof he or (he shall be or have been so in Cuftody, containing the Name, Trade, Occupation and Description, and the Two last Places of Abode, if so many, of every such Debtor and Debtors, and the Prifon wherein he, file or they is or are confined, and of his, her or their Intention to take the Benefit of this A ft, and mentioning such Notice in such Gazette or Newfpapcr rofpe&ively to be the First, Second or Third Notice, according to the time of pubiidling each of such Notices ; for the inferring each of the said Notices in the Dublin Gazette, or in any other Newf-pnper, there shall be paid each time by every Prisoner the Sum of

Four

Special Seffion.

Schedules to re* main with Clerk of the Peace.

Debtors intend* in? to apply for Diicharge to give Notice in Gazette.

AJ).i8n.

3,8»r

• i?3«

5ic geo-iil

Debtors to deliver Schedules to Gaolers previous to fir ft Notice.

form of Notice.

Four Pence and no more, the First of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazettes respectively, and in the said other Newf-papers, as the case m3y require, Twenty one Days at the lead, and the last of the said Notices Six Days at the least, before any such First or Second General Quarter-Sefiion or General Seffion or Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid, so that as well all the Creditors who have not charged the said Debtor or Debtors in Cultody, as those Creditors who have charged such Debtor or Debtors in Execution or on Mefne Procefs or otherwise, may hare such fuificient Notice thereof.

IX.	And, to the Intent.that all Creditors may have full and fuffi-cicnt time to conlidei the Matters ami Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules intended* to be delivered in by any Debtor or Debtors, be it farther enacted, That every such Debtor where he or (he shall, according to the Directions of this A&» publish the first Notice of an Intention to t?ke the Benefit of this A&, he or (he shall in such Notice declare that the Schedule containing his or her intended Difcovery of his or her Real and Perfonal Eslate, to be (worn to in manuer as by this Act is directed, is lodged in the Hands of the Keeper or Gaoler, or the Deputy of Tuch Keeper or Gaoler of the Prjfpn wherein any such Debtor shall be confined; and every such Debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule to such Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy, as the case may be, before he shall publilh such fir it Notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her own Christian and Surname, to be attested by any such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, and iu case any Debtor shall neglect or rerule to deliver one such Schedule to such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, prior to such his firli Notice to be given as aforesaid, he or (he upon que Proof made of such Negled to the Satisfaction of the Court to which such Debtor shall make Application, shall be remanded back to Prifon, there to remain until he or flic shall have complied with the Direttmns aforesaid ; and every such Keeper, Gaoler or Peouty is hereby directed and required to attest the Signature of the Debtor’s Name to such Schedule, and to receive the fame into his Cuftody and Charge, giving a Duplicate thereof to every such pebtor, with an Acknowledgment of his having received the Original, and he is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by himself upon Rcqueft made to him by any Creditor for that Purpofe in Writing, such Copj to be delivered to the Creditor himself, or to such Perion as he shall appoint to receive the fame, within Three Day* aft^ Demand made, and if any such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy shall neglect or refuse to conform to the Directions hereby given him respecting such Schedule, every such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy so offending shall be puniftied. (a)

(a) [So in the Original AS.}

X.	And be it further enacted, Th^t the Notices to be given by every Debtor in manner directed by this Ad shall be to the Effed following ; that is to fay,

*	J [infert the Name, Trade, Occupation and Description, and Two lap

*	Places of Abode, if so many'} now confined in [infert Name of 4 Prifon and, County,} ana not being charged in Cuftoay on the First 4 Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, with any

*	Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, exceeding in the Whole

*	the Sum qf One thousand five hundred Pounds, do hereby give this

• public

A.D.iSu.	si°/GEO.	m.	C. 123.

*	public Notice, that I intend to take the Benefit' of an Aft patted in 4 the Fifty first Year of His 'prefeat Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An 4 A3 for the Relief of certain Infolveht Dehors in Ireland, and I dp 4 hereby give Notice, that, a true and perfect Schedule, containing

*	the I^ilcovery of all my Real and Perfona!Eftate hereafter to be 4 fvvorii to, is now ready to be delivered to any Creditor applying for

*	the fame to the Keeper or Goaler, or his Deputy of the said 4 Pnfon.'

And every such Notice /hall be flgned by the Debtor and counter-figned by the Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of such Prifon.

XT. And be it further enacted. That every such Debtor as afore- Debtor* proving said, hot being charged as aforefatd on the said First Day of May	Notice* h.ivs

One thousand eight hundred and eleven, with any Debt or Debts, o^iTcourt Sum or Sums of Money, in the Whole to a greater Amount thsfn deliver In ceuain the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, who shall apply to Schedules, and the General or Quarter-Seflion, or any Adjournment thereof, mall, take Oath, in cafr.it shall be proved upon Oath, 6r by producing the said Three Gazettes and Newfpapers respectively before mentioned, to the fata JuKices at any such Seflion nr the Adjournment thereof, that fudi Notices were inserted in the Dublin Gazettes and other Newfpapers irfpeftively, as were required in manner aforesaid ; and that the Perfon or Perfous so applying was or were actually a Prisoner Or Prifoners on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred aifd eleven, in the Prifon or Gaol in which his, her or their Name 6r Names is or are specified in the Lift delivered in at such First 6r Second Seflion or any Adjournment thereof, or in some other Prifon or Caol as aforesaid, in pnrfuancc of this Aft ; and /hall in open'

Court at the said General Quarter-Seflion or General Seflion, or arty Adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true Schedule Or Account of all his or her Real Eftate in Pofleflion, Reversion, Remainder or Expeftancy, and of any other Nature and Kind whatfo-ever, and also the Whole of his or her Perfonal Eftate which he 6r fh? or any Perfon or Perfons in tiuft for him or her, or for his or her Ufe, Benefit or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in or entitled to, or was or were in his, 'her or their Pofleflion, Cuftody tir Power, or which he, /he or they, or such Perfon or Perfons had any Power of dHpofing of or charging for his,' her or their Benefit or Advantage at any ume since his or her Commitment to Prifon, with the Names of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectively live or may be met with, and the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the fame respectively became due and are feenred, and if by Mortgage, Specialty, CV.itract, Note or other Writing, then the Name and Names, and Places‘of Abode of the several Witiicttcs who can prove such Debts Or Contradts (if there be any fuch), ami /hall also make Oath and swear to the following Effest, according to the special Cifcumstances, so far as the fame ihall be confident with the Provifions hereinafter contained ; that is to fay,

4 T A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Prefcnce of Almighty God, Oath.

4 A do solemnly iwear, proteft and declare. That on the First Day 4 of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, I was really and 4 truly a Prisoner in the actual Cuftody of

4 in

'3*1

Schedule and Oath subscribed by Debtors.

Ccurt at Requeft of Creditor may examine Gaolers on Oath,

4 in the Prifon or Gaol of	at	the	Suit	of

4	without any Fraud or Collufion whatsoever,

4 and that I have ever fiuce my Commitment continued a Prisoner 4 within the Prifon of	in	the	adtuai	Cullody of

4 the Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prifon of

*	at the Suit of	, and without any Fraud or

4 Collufion whatsoever; and that the Schedule now delivered by me 4 and subscribed doth contain to the best of my Knowledge, Remem-4 brance and Belief, a full, just, true and jperfedl Account and Dif-

*	covery of all the Goods, EffedU and Estates, Real and Perfonal, 4 in Pofleflion, Reverfion. Remainder or Expectancy, and of every

*	other Nature and Kind whatsoever, which for any Perfon in trull 4 for me or for my Benefit or Advantage are seized or possessed of,

*	interefted in or entitled to, or was or were in my Pofleflion, Cuftody 4 or Power, or in the Pofleflion, Cuflody or Power of any such 4 Perfon as aforesaid, or which I or such Perfon had any Power of 4 disposing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage, at any time

*	fince my Commitment to Prifon, and of all Debts to me owing, or 4 to any Perfon or Perfons in trust for me, and of all the Securities 4 and Contra&s whereby any Money now is or will or may hereafter 4 become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me 4 or to my Ufe, or to any Perfon or Perfons in trust for me, and 4 the Names and Places of Abode of the fcvrral Perfons from whom 4 such Debts are due and owing, and of the Witneffcs that can prove

*	fuch Debts or Contra&s [if any such there and that neither I, 4 nor any Perfon or Perfons in trust for me or for my Ufe, have any 4 Lands, Money, Stock or Eftate Real or Perfonal, in Pofleflion,

4 Reversion, Remainder or Expe&ancy, or of any Nature or Kind 4 soever, or Power of disposing of or charging for any Benefit or 4 Advantage other than what are in the said Schedule contained, 4 except Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myself and Family,

4 Working Tools and the necessary Implements for my Occupation 4 and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding Five 4 Pounds, and these in the W’hole not exceeding the Value of Thirty 4 Pounds; and that I have not nor any Perfon for me hath directly 4 or iudireftly fold, lessened or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in 4 trust, or concealed all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods,

4 Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities, Contra&s or Estates, Real or 4 Perfonal, whereby to secure the fame or to receive or expe6l any 4 Profit or Advantage therefrom, or with an Intent to defraud or 4 deceive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am or was indebted 4 in any wife howsoever.	So	help	me	GOD/

And the said Schedule and Oath shall be by every such Debtor subscribed in the Prefence of the Justices in open Sellion of the Peace as hereby directed, and shall be kept by and remain with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place where the fame shall be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of all the Creditors of such Debtors, who shall desire or may have Occafioi* to resort thereto, and every such Creditor shall be at Liberty at fe*-fonable timfes in the Day-time to peruse and examine the fame*

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurifdidlions,, at any such General Quarter-

Seffioaa

A.D.iSii.

3®3 -

510 GEO. III.	C.	123.

Scffions or General Seffion or Adjournment thereof, at the Requeft of any Creditor or Creditors of any filch Debtor, are hereby authorized to cause the Marfhal of the Four Courts Marfhalfea or his Deputy, or any other Under Officer, Tipftaff and Turnkey of any Prifon or Gaol, and any other Perfon within their respective Jurif-didions, to come before them and to examine them respectively on Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in any or the Oaths preferibed by this Ad to be taken, and the Truth thereof; and if the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court by any Debtor or Debtors, shall not be disproved by good Teftimony of any credible Perfon or Perfons 011 Oath ; and such Juslices, or the major Part of them, present at any such General Quarter-Seffion or General Seffion or any Adjournment thereof, shall be satisfied with the Truth of the Oath taken by such respective Debtor, then such Justices shall in such Seffion or some Adjournment thereof, adjudge such Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, and shall order the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prifon or Prifons forthwith to fet at Liberty such Prisoner or Prifoners; and every such Order shall be sufficient Difcharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prifon or Prifons, and shall indemnify him or them agaiuft any Efcape or Escapes, Adion or Adions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced or prosecuted against him or them.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Estate, Right, Eftates and Ef-Title, Intcreft and Truft of such Debtor, of, in and unto all the fe&s of Debtor Real Estate, and to all the Perfonal Estate, Debts and EIFeds of ^itharged vested every such Debtor, shall immediately after such Adjudication be and p^e * whoVt® the lame is hereby vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or assign lame to other Officer admg as Clerk of the Peace of and for the County, such Creditors as City, Town Corporate, Liberty or Place where any Debtor shall be Court du respectively discharged; and every such Clerk of the Peace, Town ie^»m 1 ruft* Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby directed and required to make an Alignment and Conveyance of every such Debtor's Eftate and Effeds vested in such Clerk of the Peace,

Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as afore-said, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Debtor, as the Justices at any General or Quarter-Seffion of the Peace, or at any Adjourn-ment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective Jurifdidions, shall order and direct, which Affignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, without being wrote on Parchment or Paper damped, to vest the Eftates thereby assigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the fame shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, ber and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, according to the Eftate and Intereft the Debtor had therein ; and every such Affignment and Conveyance shall be in Truft for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Debtor to whom the fame shall be made, and the Reft of the Creditors of every such Debtor, in respect of or in Proportion to their respective DeJ)ts; and every Perfon or Perfons to whom any such Affignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue from time to time, as there may be Occafion in his, her or their own Name or Naraesj for the Recovery and attaining any Eftate

or

3*4

'A.D.i8i i

Adicners to get in Debtor's Efsects,

and to make Dividends.

Notice of the making 1 >ivi-dend%

Aflignee* or iieirs not deli* Wring over Ef-Uctif or Balance.

C. taj.	5t°	GEO.	III.

or Efieds of ahv such Debtor, and also to execute any Truft or Power veiled 5n or created for the Ufe or Benefit of any such Debtor, but in Trud for the‘Benefit of him or them and the Reft of the Creditors of every such Debtor, knd to give such Difchargc and Dif-charges to any Perfon or Perfons who shall respectively be indebted to such Debtor as mny be requisite; and every such Affignee or Affignees shall with all convenient Speed, after his or their accepting such Aflignmcnt or Conveyance, use hi* and their best Endeavours to receive and get in the Eftate and EfFeds of every inch Debtor, and shall with all convenient Speed make Sale of all ihs Eftates of such Debtor veiled in such Affignee or Affignees ; and it such Debtor shall be interested in or entitled to any Real EfHie, either in Pofsession, Rcverfion cr Expedancy, the fame, within th * Space of Two Months after such Affignment and Conveyance, fhi.ll be fold by Publick Audion, in such manner and at such Place as the : major Part of tfie Creditors of any such Debtor who shall aflembl? together on any Notice in Writing publi led in the Dublin	j

or in some Daily Paper printed and published at Dublin, and if elfr-where, then in some Newfpaper which shall be published in or near the County, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such Debtor j dwelled before he or she was committed to Prifon Thirty Days before any filch Sale shall be made, shall under his Hand or their Hand* agree on ; and every such Affignee or Affignees, at the End of Three Months at farthest, from the time of his or their accepting any such Affignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a fair and just Dividend of all such Debtor’s Eftate and Effeds which shall have been then recovered amongst his or her Creditors, in Proportion and in regard to each Creditor’s respective Debt; but before any filch Dividend shall be made, such Affignee or Affignees shall make 'Up an Account of such Debtor’s Estate, and make Oath in Writing before One or more Juftice or Juflices of the Peace of the County, Town, Liberty or Place in which any such Debtor shall have been di(charged, that every such Account contains a fair and just Account of the Eftate and EfFecls of every such Debtor got in bv or for such Affignee or Affignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged were truly and bonajidc made and paid; and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall be published in like manner as a Meeting of the Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be published, Thirty Days at leal! I before the fame shall be made; and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Shire of such Dividend, until he shall have made out the Juflnels and Identity of his Debt by Oath, or due Proof in Writing before some such Juftice or Juflices $ and if any Creditor of such Debtor shall be difTatisficd with the Reality or Falmefs of any Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the fame at the Requcft of any such Creditor or Creditors so difTatisficd shall be examined into by the Juflices of the County, City, Liberty or Place in which such Debtor shall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, at the next General or Quarter-Scffion, or some Adjournment thereof.

XTV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate and Effeds of any Prisoner discharged by virtue of this Ad, or the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators of any dedeafed Affigtlee dr Affignees, shall not deliver over any Part of %	fuch

H-D.iRiiv

51# GEO, lit	C123.	585

[noli Eftate or Effefts, or pay the Balance of the Produce of any uch Eftate or Effects found to be in the Hand* of such Aflignee or ^Aflignees, or of such Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators as afore-aid, according to the Tenor of this Aft, it shall be lawful for the I^ourt before which the Prisoner was discharged, to order the Perfon >r Perfons so offending, to be arrested and committed to the next County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise, until such Imprifoament, Perfon or Perfons shall have fulfilled the Duty required by the Ad,

>r until such Court shall make other Order to the contrary.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and Creditonfor every Creditor and Creditors of any Debtor who shall be discharged Annuities to by virtue of this. Ad, for any Sum or Sums oF Money payable by receive D**-wray of Indemnity or otherwise at any future time or times, by virtue cTmmiflion^S of any Bond, Covenants, or other Securities of any Nature what- Bankruptcy. Toever, may be and shall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, and may and shall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Divi. den da of the Eftate of such Debtor, in such manner and upon such Terms and Conditions as fucfi Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto by the Laws' now in force, if such Debtor had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their respective Securities, otherwise than as tne fame would have been affeCled by a Proof made in respect thereof by the Creditor under a Commifuon of Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under such Commiffion.

XV I. And, to the Intent that no Lofs may arise to any Creditor or Creditors, from any Negleft or Omiflion in the Schedule not containing the whole of the Eftate Real or Perfonal belonging to any Debtor who shall apply for his or her Difcharge under th)? Authority of this Aft, be it enacted, That all the Estates, whether Real Eftates of Debtor Perfonal, which shall belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and of or* not inserted which be, (he or. they shall be actually poflefTed or entitled unto at in Schedule the time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be peaie* Part of the Eftate contained in such Schedule though uot inserted therein ; and shall in like manner become veiled in the Clerk of the Peace* Town Clerk or other Officer acting as such, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame had been contained in such Schedule, and had been delivered into the Court according, to the Directions of this Aft.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Perfon hold- Holders of Seen-ing any Security whatsoever, for which such Debtor never received ^>oes without any valuable Confideration, shall be entitled to receive any Benefit

from the Eftate of such Debtor, unless the Perfon holding such Se- Benefit.1 * curity shall make it . appear to the Satisfaction of the Justices at some General or Quarter-Seffion or Adjournment thereof, that he or ' she became pofTeftcd of the fame bona jidc and for good or valuable Coniideratiou.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That in case of the Eftates to veftia Death or Removal of any Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Clerk of the Officer acting aj Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in whom the ^<K*#

Estate, Right, Title, Intereft or Truft of any Debtor or Debtors

shall have veiled by the Authority of this Aft, every such Estate,

Right, Title, Intereft and Truft shall become vetted in the SuccefTor or SuccefTors to every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid refpeCUvely, as the JiGso.IlL	Cc	cafe

J.?<5

123-

Si0 GEO. HE



N>» Suit, * c. wit hour Con lent of M.ijoiity of Credit oi a

Mortinges to take place «-f t laims < f an in-faiior Nature.

case piay be, to.all.Intents and Purpofes wJ^tfoeYer uu^er the Praii-fions of tjiis A61.

XIX.	Provided further, and be it also enacted. Tliat oo Suit u* Equity shall be commenced by any Affignee or Affignees of aaj stich Debtor or Debtors’ Eftate and Effe&s, without the Confent rf the major Part in Value of the Creditors of fqch Debtpr, who fhal! meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given at least Ten before such Meeting, in the Dublin Gazette or other Newfpaper which shall be publiftied in the Neighbourhood of the last Refidence of inch Debtor or Debtors for thatPurpofe.

XX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing b this A& shall extend, or be, construed to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens upon the Eftate of such Debtor or Debtors, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Perfonal Euate or Effects comprised in, or charged or affected by such Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens respectively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Mereliant, Recognizance or Judgment, acknowledged by or obtained against any such Debtor or Debtors, to take place upon the Lar.ds, Tenements or Real Eftates of such Debtor or Debtors ; and alio where any Inquifition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution mall have been t^kea out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any such Judgment, before such Difcharge shall be given in open §elfioa to any such Debtor as aforesaid, the Pvrfonal Efiatc of any such Debtor rcfpe&ivcly shall subject thereto, in the first Place, for so muck as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Charge, Lieu, Statute, Recognizance or Judgment respectively, in like manner as fuck Mortgagees and Pcrfons having such Charges or Ljeqs, and Creditors by Statute, Recognizance or Judgment, would have been preferred to others, Creditors of an inferior Nature, agaiuft the Reau or Perfonal Eftate of fpcli Debtor or Debtors respectively if this A& bad not been made; any tiring hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not with {landing.

1 XXL And whereas many Perfons who may be entitled to and 1 claim the Benefit of this Ad, are seised and poffefied of Lands, 4 Tenements and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the 4 Term of their natural Lives, with power of granting Leafes and

•	taking Fines, referring small Rents on such Eftates for Oqe, Two 1 or Three Lives in PoiTeffion or Reversion, or for some Number of

•	Years determinable upon Lives, or have Powers over Real or Per-

•	fonal Estate, which such Debtors.could execute for their own Ad-

•	vantage, and which said Powers ought to be executed for the •' Benefit of the Creditors of such DebtorsBe it therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that in every such case all apd every the Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all such other Powers as aforesaid over Real or Perfonal Estate, which arc or shall be veiled in any such Prisoner or Prifonena as afpre-seul, shall be and are hereby veiled in the Affiguep or Affignees of the Real and Perfonal Eftate of such Prisoner by virtue of tjis Aft, to be by such Afligucc or Affignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such rrifopers as aforesaid.

_________________ XXII.	And	be	it	further	euatted,	That	the	Juftices	at	any	Ge-

queit of Creditor neral or Quarter-Seflious of the Peace* or Adjournment thereof, ta •6 ke sworn •	-	which

Power of lcafui?, lands, &c. veiled in Af-figueis.

Gaoler on Re-

A;D.i8if,

387

51* CEO. III.	C. 123.

which any (uch Prisoner shall be brought in purfaance of this A&,

shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prifoners who shall oppose his or her Difcharge, administer and j*ive to the Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prifon or Gaol, at the time of bringing up any such Prisoner in order to be discharged under this A&, an Oath to the Effeft following ; that is to fay,

4 T	do swear. That	Ojttx

4 was really and truly a Prisoner in my Cullody in the Prifon 4 of	or in Cuftody in feme other Prifon [a/

4 the case may be'] to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief, at or 4 upon the Fir ft Day of May One thoufar.d eight hundred and 4 eleven, and that the Copy or Copies of the Caule or Caufcs of his 4 [or her^] Commitment or Detainer now by me brought, with the 4 Body of the faid	and

4 produced to the said Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the

*	Caufe or Caufes of such Commitment or Detainer, without any'

4 Fraud or Deceit by me or any other Perfon whatsoever, to the best 4 of my Knowledge and Belief.	So help me GOD.*

And if any Perfon who was a Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper, jf perpon deli-' or Gaoler of any such Prifon or Gaol on the said First Day of May vering in Lift One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or since, dial! not happen to not Gaoler J be the Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any fuch	thc *of

Prifon or Gaol at the time any such Lift as aforesaid is hereby re-	*fiele

quired to be delivered in, then the Justices at any such Sefijons, or at following^ Oath, any Adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer. and give to the refpeCtive Perfon or Perfons who shall be Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, of any such Prifon or Gaol, and deliver in such Lift as aforesaid at any such General or Quarter-,

Scffions, or any Adjournment thereof, an Oath touchiug the Commitments or Books of Commitment of any such Prifon or Gaol, to the Effect follow ing ; that is to fay,

*	T	do swear. That I have examined the* Oath*

4 Commitments or Books kept of or concerning the Commitments

4 of Prifoners to the Prifon of	aud that

4 I do verily believe that the said Commitments or Books of Com-4 mitment are really true and not fi6titious» nor calculated for this 4 Ptirpose; and by them it doth appear that

4 was, on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and *

4 eleven, really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Cuftody of 4	the	then	Keeper or Gaoler, or

4 Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prifon or Gaol, [er, other 4 Prifon, as the caf may be] without Fraud or Deceit by me or any 4 other Perfon or Perfons to my Knowledge and Belief.

4 So help me GOD.?

XXIII.	And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or AtR«.qu*ftof Commitments of Prifoners ip any Prifon or Gaol Books, be it further Credit»rsGaolers euacted, That the Justices at any General or Qparter-Seflions of'the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized, at the {ions, touchii.g Requcft of anj- Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner, to convene Commitments, before them at fume certain time (o be appointed by them, any Perfon or Perfonn who was or were Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon or Gaol within their respective Jurif-d»$hon«, the said First Day of May one thoufand' eight luwdredr

Cc:	and

Sheriffs, kc. dif-obeying Orders ox J uflices.

Penalty.

Gaoler and Printer of Gazette or Newf-paper not complying with Regulations of Adi.

Penalty.

Gaolers commit-1115 Perjury.,

Penalty.

C. 123*	$i*	GEO.	IDs	AJD.iSit,

and eleven, or at any time since, and examine every such Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper or Gaoler on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Cuftody of any such Prisoner, as the Justices at any such General or Quarter-Seffions or Adjournmest thereof shall think fit; and if any Sheriff, Keeper or Gaoler, M neglect or refuse to bring before any such Justices, at. any Seflion of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, any such Prisoner as shall be directed and required by Warrant of any Juftice or Justices as aforc-said, or to attend on being summoned for that Purpose, he shall on Conviftion suffer Six Months Imprifonment ;• or if anv Keejrer or Gaoler attending shall refuse to make Anfwcr and Difeovery in the Premifes as shall be reasonably required, at such General Quarter* Sefiions, or any Adjournment thereof, he, (he or they so offending is the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to any Perfon who shall recover and foe for the fame, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Dubfin, by Action of Debt.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall without just Caafe, to be approved of by the Juflices at some General Quarter-Seffion or General Seflion of the Peace or Adjoarnment thereof, within their respective Jurifdiftions, refuse or delay to bring any such Pri-foneT or Prifoners as aforesaid to any such General Quarter-Seffiocs or General Seflion or Adjournment thereof, in order to bis or her Difcharge, or shall neglect or refuse, or dcfignedly omit to insert ia any such Lift the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prifonm who was or were actually in Cuftody in his or their respective Prifon or Gaol, on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or since, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up or deliver such Lifts art aforesaid ; or if any Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper or Gaoler shall neglect or refuse to .take any of the laid Oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, or shall detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid, or if the Printer of the Dublin Gazette or other Newfpaper as aforesaid shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notice by this Aft directed to be given, on reafouable Requeft to him made for that Purpose, every such Keeper and Gaoler of such Prifon and Prifons, his Deputy or Deputies* and every such Printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each Prisoner in every such case injured, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, which shall and may be recovered with Treble Cods of Suit by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any one of the said Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Effoign, Prbteftion or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXV.	And be it furtherenafted. That if any Keeper or Keepers Gaoler or Gaolers, or any Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of auy Prifon shall, in taking of the afore mentioned Oaths, forswear and perjure themselves, and shall thereof be lawfully couvisted, fucli Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper or Gaoler or such Prifon or Prifons shall (over and above the Perialties to be inflicted on Perfons convicted of Ptiyury) upon every such Conviftion, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with full Cafts, by Bill, Plaint or Information, or Aftion of Debt, in any of His MajeftyS Courts of Record at Dublin9 wherein no Effoign, Proteftion or Wager of Law shall be allowed, by and in the Name of such Perfoa or Perform, his and

their

A.D.i8ii

51® GEO. HI.	C.123;	3**

their Executors and Adminiftrators, to whom an Alignment or Conveyance in pursuance of this Aft shall be made of the Eilate and Effefts of such Prisoner or Prifoners; and if no such Affignee or Affignees shall be living, then in the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall sue for the said Penalties, to be applied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such Creditor or Creditors.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the plerkof the Peace or his Deputy or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting a6 Clerk Pea« not siv}°Z of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such Prisoner Copies oTMju-adjudged to be entitled to his Difcharge as aforesaid, within fourteen

Days after such Adjudication, a Copy of the Order of such Adjudication on the Payment of Two Shillings and Six Pence, or shall take more than Two Shillings and Six Pence for such Copy, or ihali take more than One Shilling for~an Affignment or Conveyance of such Prisoner's Eftate and Effefts, any such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk or other Officer aftiug as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any such General or Quarter-Seffion of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of Twenty Pounds, as the Justices or the Penalty.

Peace at such General or Quarter-Seffions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof shall order; and who are hereby empowered to cause the fame to be levied by Dili refs and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace so offending.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor as afore- Debtors falsely said who shall take the Benefit of this Aft, shall wilfully forswear bearing, and periure himself, herself or themselves, in any C)ath to be taken Perjur7* under this Aft, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, (he or

they fo* offending shall suffer such Punifhment as by Law may be in-

flifted on Perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.	/

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That no Perfons entitled to Debtors dif-the Benefit of this Aft shall at any time hereafter be imprisoned by charged not I11-reafon of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Non-payment of far Debts Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts for Non- prior to ift M*y payment of Money, Coils, Sum or Sums of Money contracted, in- x8n. curred, occasioned, owing or growing due before the said First Day

of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, but that upon every Arreft upon every Judgment or such Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Cofts, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Pro-cefs issued, or for any Two Justices of the Peace, upon (hewing the Copy of the Order of Adjudication as aforesaid, to release ana dif-charge out of Cuftody such Prifoners as aforesaid, and at the fame time to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits to pay such Prisoner or Prifoners the Cofts he, (he or they shall have incurred on such Occafion, or so much thereof as to such Judge or Justices shall seem just and reasonable 5 and every such Judge is hereby empowered so to do on such Prifoner's causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him 011 every such Aftion or Suit.

* XXIX. And whereas under former Afts of this Kind, Doubts f have arifep what was to be done with such Prifoners who applied

C ? 3	4	at

A.B.jftn.

Jv*

Prifoncrs not ditclturvL d of DebtHublVqucnt to xltMay 181 l.

Art pleaded to Artiuc ofEscape, dec

Treble Cofts. Adi pleaded generally by Pri-fjfttri.

0,123.	5i°GtO;in»

f- Ot any Seffion to be discharged, who owed Md flood charged with r Debts at well previous as lubftquent to the Day limited by the 4 respective A As;* To remedy which, bek therefore enacted, That no Prisoner or Prifoners shall be discharged of any Debts inclined subsequent to the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven ; and if it shall appear to the Justices at any Seffion or Adjournment* that any Prisoner or Prifoners then applying to then to be discharged, shall (land charged as well with Debts previous to as fubfcqtient to the said Fiftl Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, that in such cases it /hall and may be lawful ta and for the Justices to discharge the Perfon of such Prisoner 00 account of all Debts incurred previous to the said First Day of May Oric thoufand' eight hundred and eleven* and to remand him Or her bach to the Cuftody of the Keeper of the Prifon from whence be or {he was brought, for all Debts which be or /he Hands charged with in his Cuftody incurred filbfequent to the fhid First Day of Ms) One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

XXX* And be it further ena&ed* That if any Action of Esupr, or any Suit Or A&ion be brought agaiuft any Juft ice ot Juft ice* of tho Peace* Sheriff* Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon* for performing their Office in purfuaoce of thin Ad, they iiiay. plead the General Mile, and give thin Ad in Evidence, and if the Plaintiff be non-fuited or dtfcontiiiue hjn A&ioft, or VerdiA pass agaiuft him, or Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have Treble Cofts.

XXXI. And be it further cna&ed. That if any Scire Facias, or A&ion of Debt or upon Judgment shall be brought against aay Pn-foner, his or her Heirs* Executors or Adminiftratorfe*. upbn any Judgment obtained agtiinit any such Prifoner* or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her before the dud First Day of May One thousand eight huddred and eleven* with refprft to Pn-fusers in actual Cuftody on the laid First Day of May One thouiasd eight hundred and eleven* if shall and may be lawful for axy inch Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Adauniftraters* to plead generally that such Prifoder Was aftuatty a Prisoner in such Prifonor in some other Prifon at such a FerfonV Suit* on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred* and eleven* and was or were dely difohttrged according to this Aft* at the General Quart er-Scffion or Gevietal Seffion or Adjournment thereof* held at fuck Time and Placf fur fUch County* Liberty* Gky* Town or. Place (as his, or her* or their case is) without pleading any Matter fpeciaHy ; aad is cdfo any other Suit or Adion shall be commenced agaiuft him, her ojr them* for any other Debt* Sum or Sums of Money due before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven* to plead in discharge of his or her Perfon from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforefaid) that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the Cafe shall happen) was contraAed or due before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, without pleading any other Matter fpeciaUy* whereto the Plaintiff shall or may reply gtftfmUy* and deny the Matters pleaded as nfcrefeid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may /hew the said Defendant not to be entitled to the Benefit of this A&, or not duly discharged according to it* in the fame manner as the Plaintiff might have replied in cate the Defendant had p’eaded this A A* and his Difebatge by virtue oP this A A fpeciaUy; and if the Plaintiff be nonfinted*. difcontmut his

Adion,

A6fi6ff; or VcTdid pnfc again ft him', or Judgment or (a) Demurrer, the D&ftndant to' have Treble Cofts : Provided always, that nothing Treble Colts, in this A'd contained shall extend or be construed to extend to release Att not to ex* or difiihrtfge any Attorney at Law, Solicitor or any other Perfon or t<,n<*t0 Attor-Perftfns acting or preteuding to ad as such, with regard to any Debt	U

with* vfrhich he ot they shall (land charged for any Money or other M^ney;"8 Effects recovered and received by him or them, for the Ufe of any	*

Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Corporate or Politick., and by any At-torn’ey. Solicitor or other Perfon or Perfons acting as such, embezzled, donceahd or converted to his or their own Ufe; or to rekafe or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any other Perfon or Perfons employed or entrusted as such with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, (he or they Hull stand charged for or on account of any Money, Goods or other EfFeds received or possessed by him, her or them, for the Ufe and on Account of his, her or-their Mafter or Matters, or Employers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed or converted to his, her or their own Ufe; arty thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof in any wife notwithfhmding!	(d) in the original

4 XXXII. And whereas many evil disposed Perfons, to fupport

*	their profligate \Vay of Life, have by various subtile Stratagems,

‘ Threats and Devices, fraudulently obtained divers Sums of Money,

*	Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Pro.

1 mifTory Notes or other Securities for Money, to the great Injury of ‘'inddftrious Families, and to the manifest Prejudice of Trade and

** Credit;* Be it enabled, That no Prisoner who, knowingly and Nor to p.rW defignedly’ by false Pretence or Pretences, shall have obtained from obtaining M ahyPelfon or Perfons, Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Bonds,*™

Bills of Exchange, Promiffory Notes or other Securities for Money, >tcnc < 5 shall have or receive any Benefit or Difeharge by or under this Ad; but the JnftiCes at any General or Quarter-Seflions of the Peace, or arty Adjournment thereof, before whom any such Prifoners shall be brought, upon .due Proof of the Matter made to their Satisfaction,

(M remand fu.h Prifoners to thfe Cuftody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prifon from whence he or (he shall have been brought; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding-XXXIII- Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Truth of each of the Objections and Exceptions aforesaid, againlt the obtaining the Benefit of this Ad, shall be proved by the Tcfti-mony'npon Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or WitnefTes, bfcfides the Teftimony upon Oath of the Perfon or Perfons making such Objedions, or other legal Proof or Evidence admissible in a Court of Law: Provided always, that no Prisoner who/hall have Nor to Prifoners been remanded to Prifon under any Ad heretofore paifed for the remanded to Pn-Relief of Infolvcnt Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Money, /on under any Goods of Securities for Money on false Pretences, or for having Insolvent ***• secretly or fraudulently removed Stock, Cattle or other Effects which Were fubied or liable to be detained for Rent, or who (hall_«ey,&c. have loft or forfeited the Benefit of any such former Ad, by having made any fraudulent Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Amgnmcnt, fiilce hfs oh hef Iihprifonment, to the Prejudice of the fair ana honed Creditor, or tfh6' (Halt have obtained a Difeharge under such former Aft fraudulently; of shall have taken an Oath under such A6t, any #

Part of width was nbVtruc,' shall have or receive any Benefit or

Cc 4	Difeharge

A.D.19i

39*

C. 123.

510 GEO. IIL

Provifo.

Nor to Perfon* charged in Exe cution for Damages recovered in toy Aft ion for Criminal C enverfation/cc.

Nor to Perfons removing Effects of the Value of Ool. liable to be distrained fur Rent.*

Nor to Perfpns fellingorallignrng Effects tod«. fraud Creditors.

Difcharge by or" under this A& ; but the Jufticea at any General or other Seflion of the Peace or any Adjournment thereof, before whom any such Prisoner shall be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter made to their Satisfaction, shall remand such Prisoner to the Cuftody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prifon, from which he or (he shall have been brought; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided always, that such Obje&hxis or Exceptions were supported by such Proof or Evidence as is hereinbefore provided and directed to be made under this present Ad,, and not otherwise ; and that no Perfon shall be permitted to make the Objedions in this A& mentioned against any Prisoner except a detaining Creditor, or such Perfon or Perfons as have commenced their Adion or Ad ions against such Prisoner previous to the Firfl Day of May last past, grounded on the Matters in the said Exceptions mentioned : Provided also, that no Perfon charged in Exccu-' tion for Damages recovered in any Adion for Criminal Converfation with the Wife of the Plaintiff in such Action, or in any Adion for (educing or carnally knowing the Daughter or female Servant of the Plaintiff, or in any Adion for a malicious Profecution, or in any Adion for any other malicious Injury, shall have any Benefit under this Ad, except only in cases where the Plaintiff in such Adions respectively shall be dead, and no Perfon shall have obtained Probate of the Will or Letters of Adminiflration of the Effeds of Tuch Plaintiff, within Twelve Months after the Deocafe of such Plaintiff.

* XXXIV. And whereas many Debtors for Rents of Land,

*	McfTuages, Houfes and other Premifes have, with fraudulent In-4 tent to disappoint the Right of their respective Landlords,

*	removed the Stock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods or other EfTcds 4 which were subject and liable to be diffrained for the Satisfaction 4 of the said Rents ;* Be it therefore enacted, That no Prisoner or Prifoners who, in a secret, clandestine or fraudulent manner, shall have removed or caused to be removed within Six Years any such Stock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods or Effeds of the Value of Twenty Founds or upwards, which were subject or liable to be diffrained by their respective Landlord or Landlords, for or in Payment of such Rent or Rents, whereby such Landlord or Landlords shall have loli all or some Part of the Rent or Rents due to him, her or them as aforesaid, shall be discharged by of under this Ad, but shall, on due Proof of the Matter as aforesaid, be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding; provided such Proof shall be thereof made as is hereinbefore required upon Objedions or Exceptions to be made under this present Ad.

4 XXXV. And whereas m^ny Debtors have, with a View to dc-

*	fraud their Creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed or ailigned their 4 Eftate and Effects to some Perfon or Perfons, subsequent to their f being in Cuftody of Law or imprisoned under some Procefs for 4 Debt:. And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Affign-4 ment hath been fraudulently made to the infinite Prejudice of the 4 fair and honest Creditor, though fufEcient Proof could not be 4 obtained to convict the Party of a fraudulent Defign ;* Be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved by one or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles to the Satisfadion of the Court to which any Prisoner fh^ll be brought up ia order to obtain his or her Difcharge,

that

AJXiffi l.

393

51* GEO* IHi	C.123.

that such Prisoner hat fold, transferred, conveyed or assigned to uy Perfon or Perfons all or any Part of his Eftate or Effeds fubtequent to the time of his Imprifonment without just Caufe for so doing, to be allowed by the Justices prefidiog in such Court as aforesaid, every such Debtor shall lose all the Benefits and Advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the Authority of this ACfc, and shall not be entitled to his or her Difcharge\ and every such Sale, Transfer,

Coveyance or Affignment is hereby declared null and void.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted. That every Gaoler or Gaolers not per- ' Keeper of any Prifon shall and is hereby required to suffer in the miningPriionsrs Day-time any Perfon or Perfons desiring the lame, to fee and fpeak^ to ** fpoken

in the Lodge or some convenient Room in the said Prifon, with any ™^orf Prifoneror Prifoners whose Names are inserted in the before men- t0 ufrsn. * tioned Lift or Lifts, or the Dublin Ga%*tte% or other Newfpapers, or any of them, and also to fee in the true and genuine Books of the (aid Prifon the Entries made of the Name or NameB of such Pri-foner or Prifoners, Debtor or Debtors, together with the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons at whole Suit or Suits he, (he or they are or were detained; and if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall refuse or negleCfc tocomply with what is hereby above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper who shall so offend in the Premises, shall forfeit and pay to the Perfon so refuted and aggrieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered, with Cofts of Suit, by ACtion of Penalty.

Debt, Bill, Plaint or. Information, in any of the Courts at Dublin, wherein no Effoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by and m the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons so refuted and aggrieved*

XXXVII.	And be it further enatied. That if any Gaoler or Gaoler making Keeper or deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon or Prifons, shall frte Entries, make or cause to be made any false Entries in any Book or Books belonging to any Prifon or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is

or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep or cause to be prepared or kept any false Book or Books in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be made therein, or shall infort in any Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons who was not in actual Cuftody as aforesaid (except as in the Oath of any such Gaoler or Keeper mall be excepted) every such Gaoler or Keeper or deputed Gaoler or Keeper shall, oyer and above the Penal- * ties which he shall be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Treble Cofts Penalty, of Suit, by and in the Name and for the Ufe of any Perfon or Per-foos who shall be prejudiced by any such false Entry or Entries, which Penalties shall and may be recovered by ACtion of Debt, Bill,

Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein nd Effoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor being Debtors refusing thereunto required by any Creditors, shall refute to discover and de- to difcoverTrade clare the Trade or Occupation, and Habitation or last Place of and Abode of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons at whose Suit he or (he is or was £c.rf™ *f "J°re detained or charged in Cuftody, or if any Prisoner being called for, cluded^Beoefit*" and desired by any Creditpr or Creditors to come to the Lodge of of Aft.

the Prifon in which any such Prisoner shall be confined, shall refuse to come, without some reafooable Caufe being made appear to the

contrary.

$)4	C.	123.	III.	A.D.iiir.

PrironcrI in Cuftody for Pri-fon Feetdif. charged.

Aft not to extend to Debtors of the 1 rown or Offender*.

Determination of Justices fltaal, unless D •« ror jets rid of Ohjec-tions to Dif-charge.

(XMftratyy every such Debtor,upon Pitpbfbeing made thereof befotf the Justices at any General of QuarterStlfvott of the Peace, Ur my Adjournment thereof, to be held as afbreftdd* shall toot hare of recrw any Benefit or Difcharge by or under this A& ; atry thing herein Cbrrtaihed to the contrary thereof in arty wife notwithlhmdtog,

XXXIX.	And be it further erta&ea, That all Debtor*and ethers who were in Prifon on or before the said First Day of Mtfj One thousand eight hundred and eleven in any of the Gabb <n tte Kingdom and now remain for not paying tbeif Pres, Rent* Ur other Demands Are or claimed as due to the Keeper or Keeper* of any PH* fan refpt&ivtfy, or to atiy other Officer o*fdeft Prifon, and upon no other Account, shall be difehatged therefrom, he, (he or they taking the Oath by thin A& required to be takefl by Prtfoners.

XL Provided always, and it is hereby further ensued, Trtiat this Ad ftnH not extend or be construed to extend to drfchftrgfe any Pri-foifer seeking the Benefit of this AA; with refpeA to aby* Debt or Penalty with which he or fee shall Hand charged at' the Suh of the Crown, or of any Perfoft fbr any Offence committed agahrif any Ai&‘ or A As iff Parliament' referive to Hie Mnjefty's Rererftfts of Cuftoms, Bxcife, Stamps ot Salt Duties, or any of them, or hit Branches of the Public Revenue, or at! the 8tffe of any Sheri# or Other Public Officer, upon any Bail Bond catered isth for the Appearance of any Perfon prosecuted for any Offence coftrtmttfd agamft any AA or AAs of Parliament relative tb His Majesty’s bid Revenues of Ctiftoms, Excife, Stamps or Salt Doties^ or any other Branches of Public Revenue, unless any Three of the Lords Ccsn-mi flioners of His Majefty’s- Treasury for the time being dial! ctrtifv their Coufcnt under their Hands to the said Justices at their find Seffions or Adjournment thereof for the Difcharge of such Prifoocr ai afore said.

4 XLl. And whereas under’ fbrtUer A As, Creditors hate hew put 4 to great Bk pence and Trouble m attending every Seffion and Ad-4 journtment during the whole Continuance*©? tht* A€t(*r), touppoff 4 the Difcharge of Debtors cletorty excluded from any Benefit under 4 the find relpcAlve' A As, but whb, after having been bfefore one 4 Sefllmv and refttfcda Dflohnrge, tb harUfs theft* Creditors conftantty 4 gate fVefb Notices for eueh iubftquent Sfcflfon and Adjbummest 4 of their intended Application to be* discharged?* To retaedt* which, be it further enaAed by the Authority afbrefakfv That in aft cases whatever the Determination of- the Joftieefe in Selfion or Adjournment shall be final to all* Intents and Purposes, unless othmrife oidered and commanded by His Majesty's Court of King's* Bench in Ireland* by His Majefty's Writ of Manddmu* to^be issued forth of fald Court, unless the Debtor shall, during the Continuance of this AA> get rid’ of the Objection or ObjeAfions for which theyrefofed his Difcharge; and that the fame may be dhar and** certain, the Justices are hereby required to ftatt this ObjeCBons whytach Bebtor*i Difcharge is refilled by them; and1 in all cafes’ whatever it (half and may be lawful to-and tor the Justices at fame one fnbfequent 8effioo, within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after he shall hate brer fo* remanded, upon Application from the Prilbner, and dttfe Proof on Oath made to them by Two* or more credible Witneffrt (which Oath they'are-hereby etnpowered*' to adminrfter) of fuch1 Oftjediwr ( a )t	in* the- originhi AB.]

or

AJXiffn'.

39*

5i9GEO.IIL	C.	123-

or Objections beings removed# and on Proof of Notice fcrvdd at lead Twenty- Days previous to such Application on the Creditor of Creditors who before opposed his Dilcharge, and of Notice likewise iiifcrted in the Dublin Gazette in manner before directed by this Ad, to ordet such Prisoner to be brought before them, and if they fhali then be of Opinion the said Debtor is entitled to the Benefit of thie Ad# to adjudge him or her to be entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, and* if a Prisoner, to order him or her to be diicharged, he or fbe taking the Oath, and in all other refpctis conforming to the Directions of this Ad.

4 XLir. And whereas it may happen that fevers! Perfons who 4 may claim and be entitled to the Benefit of this A d, are seised 4 of an Ellate Tail in some Freehold Lands, Tenements or Here-4- ddanlents, which Entail, with the Remainders thereon expedant,.

* they have by Law Power to defeat and bar, either by levying*

1 a Fine or Fines, fullering a Common Recovery or Common Re*

4 coveriet, whereby fuck Pcrfou or Perfons4 said Freehold Lands,.

4 Tenement* and. Hereditaments, would be liable to the Payment 4 of their Debts, and be delivered up according to the Terass of thief 4 Ad for the Benefit of their Creditors Be it therefore further* enacted, Tljat in every such case, such Perfon or Perfons so seised as* EfUtes of which aforesaid, and who fhali be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this ^rifonsrs are Ad, fhali, to all Intents and Purpofes wbatfoever in Law, be fc,r!d.m to deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such ^ Credh6r».Up Lands, Tenements and* Hereditaments in Fee, and the fame fhali be delivered op to such Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner in the fame maimer as it such Perfon or Perfons had aduelly levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, and thereby had Became seised in Fee ; any Law or Conftrudion of Law to the contrary thereof in any wife not with (landing.

4 XLIil. And whereas many Perfons who may be entitled to and 4 claim the Benefit of this Ad, have been great Dealers or otherwise .

‘ engaged in serge Tranfactions, whereby they may be entitled to 4 sundry and great Debts and Demands of various and intricate Na-4 tores, and they may be entitled to Equities of Redemption of 1 Estates, fubjefct and liable to Mortgages, Judgments or other 4 Incumbrances; or to Reversions, Remainders or other contingent r* Mates* Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to other Trails 4 or Intents ia Eifetes both Real and Perfonal, which may not be 1 fufficrently described or difeovered in the Schedule or Inventory 4 before directed to be delivered in upon Oath by the Prisoner to be 4 difebatged as aforesaid, or which may want his Aid and Affifbuice 4 to adjult, make out, recover or manage, for the Benefit of bes 4 Creditors;’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That it fhali and may be lawful to and for the respective Affignees of Affignees may

the Effete and Effeds of such Debtor or Debtors who fhali obtain »pply ,for fufthcr

his, her or their Difcharge in pursuance of this Ad, or any other HxJ®,n*t,0!Lrf

Perfon or Perfons duly authorized by them for that Purpose, from	10	wa

time to time to apply to any Two or more of the Justices of the J

Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, where fuch

Debtor or Debtors shall be then residing, thereby desiring that fuch

Debtor or Debtors may be further examined as to any Matters or

Things relating to his, her or their Effete or EfTeds, whereupon

such Juffcices fhali fend, foe or call before them such Debtor oc.

Debtorsf

AD.itii,

C. 123.	51*	GEO.	in.

Debtors, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means, as they shall think fit, and upon such Debtors appearing shall examine him, ber or them, as well upon Oath as otherwise, as to such Matters ar,d Things as such Afiignee shall desire, relating to the Eftate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors; and if any Debtor or Debtor^ on Payment or Tender of Payment of such reasonable Charges u such Justices shall judge sufficient, shall neglect or refuse to cemeor appear, not having a lawful Excufe to bo made known to such Justices and by them allowed, or being come before them shall refnfe to be fwom or to answer to all such Queftions as by such Justices shall be put to him or them relating to the Difcovery of his, ber or their Eftate or Effects so vested or intended to be veiled in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of (a) such Afiignee as aforesaid, then it (hail and may beta*-ful to and for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands aad Seals, to apprehend such Debtor or Debtors so offending as aforesaid, and him, her or them to commit to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such time as he, (he or they (haD submit him, her or themselves to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Queftions as shall by such Justices be put to him, her or them, for the Purpofes aforesaid. (a) [£0 a the original	•

XLJLV. Provided always, and be it enacted. That notwithftand. ing the Difcharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Aft, if it shall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath taken by any such Debtor was not true, then and in every such case every such Difcharge shall be void and of none Effect.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful at all times hereafter for any Afiignee or Aflignect of the Eftate or Effefti of any Debtor or Debtors who shall be chosen in pursuance of this A61, by and with the Confent of the major Part in Value of theCrt-JJJ SebtTand d*tor8 such Debtor or Debtors who (nail be present at a Meeting, submit: Difpute* to be bad on Twenty one Days Notice being previously given for the to Aitaxation* Purpofe hereafter mentioned, if in Cuftody at Dublin or in the County of Dublin, in the Dublin Gazette, and if any other Place in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, then also in fame Newfpaper which shall be published in the Countyr City or Place in or near which such Perfon or Perfons shall have been in *Gaol, to make Compofitions to any Perfon or Perfons or Accountants to such Debtor or Debtors, where the fame shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can upon any such Compofition be gotten, in full Difcharge of such Debts and Accounts, and also to submit any Difference or Difpute between such Afiignee or Afiignees, and any Perfon or Perlbtu for or on account or by reason or means of any Matter, Caufc or Thing relating to the Eftate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, or to any Debt or Debts due or claimed to be due to or from such Debtor or Debtors, to the final End and Determination of Arbitrators to be chosen by the said Afiignee or Afiignees, and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall have such Differeuce, and to perform the Award of such Arbitrators, or of any Umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to fettle and agree the Mattervin Difference and JJifpute between them, in

fuch

Fraudulent Dif-charges void.

Affignee* with

Confent of Majority in Value of Cr©»

A.D.i8ii

397

510 GEO. HI.'	C.123.

such manner as the said Aflignee or Aflignees with fucfi Con fen t as aforesaid shall think fit and can agree, and the fame shall be binding to all the Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors; and every such Aflignee or Aflignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premifes in pursuance of this Ad*

•	XLVI. And, for the better Difcovery of the Eftate and Effe&a Perfoni eoncwl-of any Debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this Ad, be it mg D«btot*s further enacted by the'Authority aforesaid, That any Perfon or Per-

fons who shall have accepted of any Truft or Trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protect any Eftate Real or Perfonal of any filch Debtor from his Creditors, and shall not within Thirty Days after any Aflignee or Aflignees shall in pursuance of this A A be chosen of any such Debtor’s Estate, discover and disclose to such Aflignee or Aflignees such Truft and Eftate in Writing, and deliver up or make over the lame to such Aflignee or Aflignees, he, she or they so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One Pendty,' hundred Pounds, and also Double the Value of the Eftate either Real or Perfonal so concealed, to or for the Ufe of the Creditors of any such Debtor, *to be recovered by Adion of Debt in any of His Maiefty’s Courts of Record at Dublin, in the Name or Names of the Affiguee or Aflignees of such Debtor’s Estate, togctlier with Treble Coft« of Suit.

4 XLVII. And whereas Provifion ought to be made as to what

•	(hould become of the Eftate and Effe&s of any Debtor or Debtors

•	not got in, obtained or recovered by any Aflignee or Aflignees

•	chofe pursuant to the Diredion of the several Ads, at the time of

•	his.or their Death or Deaths, and whose Heir or Heirs, Execu-

•	tors, Adminiftrators and Afligns refuse to ad or meddle therein

To remedy which, be it enacted, That in all such cases it shall and If Afllgrwei die, may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such Debtor or others may ** Debtors to chuse a new Aflignee or Aflignees in Manner and Form c*lofelu as hereinbefore is directed, and to obtain a new Affignment from the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as a Clerk of the Peace pursuant to the Order of the Justices, and which said Order the said Juflices are hereby required and empowered to direct (on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of such former Aflignee or Aflignee^, and Refufal of his or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or Afligiis, to ad or meddle therein), and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy,

Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to all Orders and Diredions made by this Ad relative to them or any of them, and to be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as are inflid'ed on them or any of them by this Ad for Difobedience in any Part thereof or Negled of Duty whatever ; and in case any such Aflignee or Aflignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executors, Ad-miniftrators or Afligns shall refuse to ad, that then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Aflignee or Aflignees, with like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Ad ; and the said Justices shall have Power in a fum-mary way to oblige the Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns of such Aflignee or Aflignees to account <and deliver up all such Eftate and Effeds as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Purpofes of this Ad.

XLVIII. And,

A.D.i8n.

Courts on Complaint may remove Affignees.

Where mutual Credit has been given, Balance 11 be Rated*

£•123.	51*	GEO. tIL

» XLVIII. And* to the Intent and Purpofe that the Eftate aod Effects of such Debtor or Debtors as shall be discharged by virtue of this A& may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of bis, her or their real Creditors, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Coarts at Dublin, and the Courts of limited Jurifdi&ion in that Fart of the United Kingdom called Ireland* from whence any Procefs issued apod which any such Debtor or Debtors was or were committed* or where the Procefs issued out of any other Court* to and for the Judges of the Courts of King’s Bench* Common Pleas* and Exchequer in Ireland\ or any One of them* from time to time upon the Petition of any such Debtor* or the Creditor or Creditors of such Debtor, com-

elining of any Inefficiency* Fraud* Mifmanagcment or other Mif-haviour of any A ffignee or Affignecs of the Eftate or Effe&s of any 1 such Debtor or Debtors, to ftimmon all Parties concerned, and upon hearing the Parties concerned therein to make and give such Orders and Dire&ions therein* either for the Removal or displacing such Affignee Or Affignees, and appointing any new A ffignee or Af-iignees in the Place or Stead of such Affignee or Affignees (o to be removed or difplaced* and for the prudent* .juft and equitable Management or Diftribution of the Eftate and Effe&s of any such Debtor for the Benefit of the refpc&ive Creditor, as the (aid Courts or Judges rtfpettively shall think (it ; and in case of the Removal or displacing of any Affignee or Affignees* and the appointing of any new Affignee or Affignees* the Eftate or Effedhi of inch Debtor of Debtora shall from thenceforth be drvefted out of the Affignee or Affignees so removed or difplaced* and be veiled in and delivered over to such new Affignee or Affignees* in the fame manner and for the fame Intents and Purpofes as the fame were before veiled in the Affignee or Affignees (irft chosen as aforesaid ; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. Provided always* and be it further enabled. That in all cases where mutual Credit hath been given between any Debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this A6k, and any other Perfon or Perfons, or Bodies Corporate or Politic, before the Delivery of such Schedule or Inventory of the Eftate and Effe&s of such Debtor or Debtors upon Oath as aforefaid* the refpc&ive Affignee or Affignees of such Debtor or Debtors is and are hereby authorized and required on his and their Parts to state and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned, and nothing more shall be deemed to be veiled in such Clerk of the Pea6e, or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or Inch Affignee or Affignees as aforefaid* as the Eftate or Effc&s of such Debtor or Debtors* than whar shall appear to be justly due to him, her or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account when truly dated.

4 L. And whereas many Perfons are often committed by the Courts 4 of Daw and Equity for Contempts for not paying Money ordered 4 or awarded to be paid* and also for not paying of Cotts duly and 4 regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper 4 Demands made for that Purpose, and also upon the Writ of £s>

4 communicate capiendo or other Process, for or grounded oh the Non-* payment of Money, Cods or Ex pence*, in feme Caufe or Proceed-4 mg in some Ecclefiailical Court, or for Contempt to such Court

4 relating

5Of®. Ill,	*	C.	**3.

*	relating thereto it is hereby declared and spacted, That all fuel, Perfons are and shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, qn and folded to the fame Terms, Conditipps and Reftridions as are herein exprqfled and declared with respect to Prisoners for JDebt only.

* LI. And whereas a gn?at Number of poor People have been and

*	are now imprisoned for Debt upon Precede* ifining out qf Court*

*	of Confcience/ it i* hereby cnaded and declared. That all such Prifouers shall be entitled to have the Benefit of this Ad, and be dif. charged under the fame, provided be, (he or they conform to the Directions hereinbefore pr^feribed touching other Prifoncrs who fiiall be discharged by virtue of this Ad.

L1L Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfqn who shall have taken the Benefit of any Ad heretofore patted for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors within the Space of Five Years la ft past, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Ad, nor be deemed to be within the latent and Meaning thereof so as to be discharged under the fame ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithttanefing.

LIU,	And be it further enacted. That in all cases wherein by this Ad an Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Perfon being a Quaker shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Perfon making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false Affirmation, shall incur and suffer such and the fame Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this Ad upon Perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LIV.	And be it further enacted, That in all cases whatsoever the lufolveoti upon his releasing any Interett he or flic may have in the Refiduum of his or her Ettate, shall and may be admitted as a good and fujficieat Witnefs in any A&ion or Caufe to be instituted by his or her Affignee or Affignees, for the Recovery of any Debts due to the said Insolvent, in the fame manner as a Bankrupt may after obtaining his Certificate.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Prisoner again ft; whom any Commiffion of Bankrupt shall have issued and shall remain in force, and who shall not have obtained a Certificate of his qr her Conformity to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts under such Commiffion duly allowed, shall be discharged by virtue of this Ac! from any Debt which shall have been or may be proved under such Commission, up Ids such Commiffiou shall have issued, and such Bankrupt shall have duly furreudered himself or herself to the Com-roifijoners or the major Part of them named in the said Commission,. Two Years at the leaftbefore the paffingof this Ad, and shall in all Things have duly conformed himself or herielf to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts, and unless the major Part of the Commilfipners named in such Commiffiou shall fpccially certify, which they are hereby authorized to do if they shall think fit, that such Bankrupt has so duly conformed, and has in their Opinion made a full and fair Difclofurc of all his or her Ettate or Effe&s, and in all Things conducted himself or berfelf properly under such Commission; and in all such cases such Bankrupt shall be capable of being discharged ixi fpedofall Debts which cannot be-proved under such Commifiioa,• iu the fame manner and upon the fame Terms as any other Prisoner rqay be discharged by virtue of this A$» and shall V'd may be dif-

11	"	charged

3W

Pei fun* for not pay ini’ Monif* nivaid.-d, Curts, ficc.

Perfons irnpri- ^ fbned by Courts of Coofcience.

Provifo as to Perfons having taken Benefit of Insolvent Aft.

Affirmation of , Quakers taken.

Insolvent, on releafmg Intereft in relidue of Estate, a good Witnefs,

Bankrupts; how far within A£t.

AJ).i8if.

4co

Notices of Bankrupt regulated.

Commiflion fu-yerfeded, Dif-•harge void.

i» O. x. c. «*.

c. 123,124.	51° Gfio. in.

charged as to Perfonal Arreft, for Debt io respect of all Debts proved or capable of being proved under such Commiifion 5 but nevertbekfs such Bankrupt and his or her Effefts *fhall in all other respects what-foever remain subject to the Laws in force concerning Bankrupts, as he or (he would have been if this Aft had not been made ; Provided always, that in the Notices to be given by such Bankrupt and the Oath to be taken by him or her according to the Provifioos of this Aft, such Bankrupt shall be deferibed as a Perfon again ft whom a Commiifion of Bankrupt has issued and is still in force, and who has not obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the Statutes concerning Bankrupts duly allowed ; and such Bankrupt, instead of swearing to the Truth of a Schedule of his or her Eftate or Efsetts, /hall swear that he or she has made a full Difclofure of his or her Effefts under the said Commiifion, and that he or /he has no Eftareor Effects which can be veiled in an Ailignee under this Aft, all the Eftate and Effefts of such Bankrupt being veiled in the Aflignee or Aifignees under such Commiifion,-by virtue of such Commiifion, and the Affignment made in pursuance thereof: Provided always, that in case such Commiifion shall at any time thereafter be superseded, then and in such case the Difcharge which shall be obtained by virtue of this Ad, ihall be null and void.

[Srr as to England, e. 125.

C A P. CXXIV.

An Aft: further to extend and render more effectual certain Provifions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled. An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrejls \ and of an Aft passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, to explain, amend and render more effectual the said former Aft ; and of Two Afts passed in the Nineteenth and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extending the Provifions of the said former Afts.

[ad July 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled,

4 An A8 to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrejls, it was, amongst 4 other things, enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fourth 4 Day of June One thousand seven hundred and Twenty fix, no Per-• fons should be held to Special Bail upon any Procefs iffuiog out 4 of any superior Court, where the Caufe of Aftion /hould not 4 amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards, nor out of any 4 inferior Court where the Caufe of Aftion should not amount to the 4 Sum of Forty Shillings or upwards; and that in all cases where 4 the Caufe of Aftion mould not amount to Ten Pounds or upwards 4 in any such superior Court, or to Forty Shillings or upwards in any 4 such inferior Court, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs should proceed by 4 way of Procefs against the Perfon, he, she or they /houla not arrest 4 or cause tp be arrested the Body of the Defendant or Defendants,

4 but should serve him, her or them personally within the Jurifdi&ion 4 of the Court, with a Copy of the Process, and if such Defendant 4 or Defendants should not appear at the Return of the Process, or 9	•	within

A.D.iSii

40i

5i°geo. m.	c.	124.

*	within Four Days after such Return, in such case it should be 4 lawful for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Affidavit being made 4 and filed in the proper Court of the perfonai Service of such Procefs 4 as aforesaid (which Affidavit should he. filed gratis) to enter a Com-4 mon Appearance or file Common Bail for the Defendant or Defend-4 ants, and to proceed thereon as if such Defendant or Defendants 4 had entered his, her or their Appearance or filed Common Bail; 4 which Aft was explained and amended by an Aft passed in the 4 Fifth Year of the Reign of His Maiefly King George the Second, 4 intituled, An Ad to explain, amend and render more effectual an 4 Ad made in the, Twelfth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty King 4 George the Firjlf intituled, An Ad to prevent frivolous and vexa~ 4 tious Arrejk: And wheieasby the laid Aft made in the Fifth 4 Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the 4 Second, it was euacted, that where the Caule of Adtion should 4 not amount to Ten Pounds or upwards in any superior Court, or 4 to Forty Shillings or upwards in any inferior Court, no Special 4 Writ or Writs, nor any Procefs specially therein expressing the 4 Caufe or Gaufrs of Adtion, should he sued forth or ifjued from any 4 such superior or inferior Court, to compel any Perfon or Perfons 4 to appear thereon in such Court, or Courts ; and all Proceedings 4 and Judgments on any such Writ are thereby declared to be void 4 and of none Effcft: And whereas the said several Afts being tem-4 porary, the fame were afterwards made perpetual by an Aft passed 4 in the Twentieth (0) Year of the Reign ot His said late Majesty 4 King George\ the Second: And whereas by an Aft passed in the

;	4 Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Maiefly> intituled,

4 An Ad for. extending the Provifions of an Ad mad: in the Twelfth 4 Year of the Reign of IQng George the Fuji, intituled, An Ad to 4 prevent frivolous and[ vexatious Arreflsr and for other Purposes, it 4 was enacted, that, from and after the First Day of July One thou-4 sand seven hundred and seventy nine, no Perfon should be arelled

*	or held toSpepial Bad upon any Procefs issuing out of any inferior 4 Court, wh^re the Caufe of Aftion should not arpount to the Sum 4 of Ten Pounds or upwards; but that the like Copies of Procefs 4 should be served, and the like Proceedings had thereupon in such 4 inferior Court, in all cases where the Caufe of Aftion should not 4 amount to Ten Pounds or upwards, as are directed to be had by 4 the said A.ft of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George tjw? 4 Firli, in such inferior Court, where the Caule of Adtion should, not

*	amount to the Sum of Forty Shillings ; any Law or Ufage. to 4 the contrary notwithstanding; and further Provifions were made 1 touching proceedings in such inferior Courts, in conformity to 4 the Provifions in the said former Aft; and so much of any Aft 4 or Adfcs of Parliament passed for the Recovery of Debt* within any 4 Diftrifts and Jurifdiftions, as authorized Arreft and Imprisonment 4 of Defendants where the Caufe of Adtion should amount to left 4 than Ten Pounds, was thereby repealed ; and further Provifions 4 were made touching Aftions 111 inferior Courts, where the Caufe 4 of Aftion should not amount to Ten Ppunds s And whereas by* 4 an Aft passed in the Forty, third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, 4 intituled, An Ad for the more effectual Prevention of frivolous and 4 vexatious Arrejls and Suits ; anatoauthorize the levying of Poundage

(a) [The Twenty Jirfi : hut the Original Ad is so.~\

51 Gxo. III.	Dd	upon

5G.1t a;, f J.

ai G a. c. 3. 19 G.3.C. 70.

§»•

§3.

43 O* 3.	4**

§!•

402

A.D.i&il

No Per ton held to Special Bail, n here C.iufe of Action under 151. (Hxceptionf) Qc tend ant not to be arrested.

Ko Special Writ fuel forth, to compel Appearance*

Proceedings on fych Writ or Procefs void*

c. 124.	5^cgeo.	in.

4 upon Executions in ter Lain Cases, it was enacted, that, from and

*	after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three,

4 no Perfon should be arrested or held to Special Bail upon any Procefs

*	ifluing out of any Court within those Parts of the United Kingdom 4 of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, for a 4 Caufe of Action not originally amounting to such Sura for which

*	fuch Perfon was by the Laws then in being liable to he arrefted

*	and held to Bail, over and above and exclusive of any Colls, Charge*

4 ar.d Ex peaces that may have been incurred, recovered or become 4 chargeable in or about the filing for or recovering the fame, or any

*	Part thereof: And whereas it is expedient to extend and render 4 more effectual the Provilions of the said recited A6ts ;* Be it their-fore enacted by the King*^ Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, M Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eleven., no Perfon shall be held to Special Bail upon any Pfocefs issuing out of any Court where the Caufe of Aftion shall not have originally amounted to the Sum of Fifteen Pounds or upwards, over and above and exclusive of any Colls, Charges and Expences that may have been incurred, recovered or become chargeable, m or about the filing for or recovering the fame or any Part thereof (except where the Caufe of such Action lhal( arise or be maintainable upon or by virtue of any Bill or Bills of Exchange, PromifTory Note or Promfflbry Notes* in which cases the Parties liable thereupon, may be held to Special Bail in such manner as if this A£t had not been made) ; and that in all cases where the Caufe of A&ion shall not amount to Fifteen Pounds or upwards, exclusive of such Coils, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, (except as Hereinbefore is excepted) and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall proceed by the Way of Procefs again ft the Perfon, he, Ihe or they mall not arrcll or cause to be arrested, the Body of the Defendant or Defendants, but shall serve him, her or them personally within the Jurif-diltion of the Court, with a Copy of the Procefs and Proceedings thereupon, in such manner as by the said Adi of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, is prodded in cases where the Caufe of A&ion lhafl not amount to Ten Pounds or upwards in any superior Court, or to Forty Shillings, or upwards in any inferior Court; and that where the Caufe-of A&ion m any Court* shall nut amount to. the Sum of Fifteen Pounds* exclusive of such Colls, Charges and Expences as aforefaid^ (except as hereinbefore is excepted) no Special Writ or Writs, nor any Procefs fpe-cially therein expressing the Caufe orCaufes of A&ion, shall, from and after the said First Day of November, be sued forth or issued fmm any Court, In order to compel any Perfon or Perfons to appear thereon in such Court; and all Proceedings and Judgments that shall, from and after the said First Day of November, be had on any such Writ or Process, shall be, and are hereby declared to be void and of no Effect

4 II. And whereas the Provifions in the Said A6ls, authorizing

*	Plaintiffs in Default of Appearance of Defendants to enter a

*	Common Appearance or file Common Bail as therein direded*

4 are not deemed to extend to Proceedings by Original and other

*	Writs, whereupon no Capias is issued, and it is expedient to

4 extend |

A.D.1811.

51“ GEO. in.

G. 124.

40)

No Dtflrinpes to illij , for dtrfiu!*. of Appearance: Defend aiu served peifoiuliy.

Form of Notice where Defendant cannot be per* fonally ftrvfii.

In what C*fs Di.*rin?as iflueJL

*	extend the Proviflons of the said former A&s to such Proceedings Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases where the Plain tiff or Plaintiffs shall proceed by Original dr other Writ and Summons, or Attachment thereupon, in any A&ion again ft any Perfon or Perfons not having Privilege of Parliament, no Writ of Difiringas shall issue for Default of Appearance, but the Defendant or Defendants shall be served per fonally with the Summons or'

Attachment, at the Foot of which shall be written a Notice inform* ingthe Defendant or Defendants of the Intent and Meaning of such Sendee, to the Effect following :

4 Q D. [naming the Defendant] You are served with .this Procefs 4	*	at the Suit of A. B. [naming the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs] to

4 the Intent that you may appear by your Attorney in His Majefty's 4 Court of	at	!VeJlminJlery	at	the Return hereof, being

4 the	Day	of	in order to your Defence

4 in this A&ion s And take Notice, that in Default of your Ap-4 pea ranee, the said A. B. will cause an Appearance to be entered 4 tor you, and proceed thereon as if you bad yourself appeared byr ‘ your Attorney/

But in case it shall be made appear to the Satisfadttcn of the Court, or, in the Vacation, of any Judge of the Court, from which such Procefs shall issue, or into which the fame shall be .returnable, that the Defendant or Defendants could not be personally served with such Summons or Attachment, and that such Procefs had been duly executed at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Defendant or Defendants, that then it shall and may be lawful for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, by Leave of the Court, or Order of such Judge as aforesaid, to sue out a Writ of Difiringas to compel the Appearance of such Defendant or Defendants; and that at the Time of the Exe-cution of such Writ of Difiringas there shall be served on the De* fendant or Defendants by the Officer executing such Writ, if he, (he or they can be then met with ; and if he, (he or they cannot then be met with, there shall be left at his, her or their Dwelling House or other Place where such Difiringas shall be executed, a,written Notice in the following Form ;

4 TN the Court of	[Specifying	the	Court in which the

4 A Suit shall he depending] between A* B. Plaintiff, and C• D. De-4 fendant, [naming the Parties.] Take Notice, that I have this 4 Day distrained upon your Goods and Chattels for the Sum of Forty 4 Shillings, in consequence of your not having appeared by your 4 Attorney in the said Court, at the Return of a Writ of 4	returnable	there on the	Day of

4 and that in Default of your appearing to the present Writ of 4 Difiringas at the Return thereof, being the	Day of

4	the	(aid A, B. will cause an Appearance to be

4 entered for you, and proceed thereon, as if you had yourself »

*	appeared by your Attorney,	E, F.9

[The Name of the Sheriff's Officer*

‘ To C. D* the above name# Defendant.4

And if such Defendant or Defendants shall not appear at the Return When the Do-of such Original or other Writ, or of such Difiringas, as the case indent doe* not may be, or within Eight Days after the Return thereof, m such •?Pear* Waintiff :afe It shall and may be lawful Go and fop the Plaintiff, ot Plaintiffs, *****

D d a	upon

Notice,

404

&D.i8u.

19 <3- 3- c. 70.

fifpc^lifg Aitors forSurr.* lei's thrift lot. extended to Sum* under 15!.

So much of Arts authorizing Ar-retts contrary* repealed.

Prnvifb fir Scot* Lnd and Ireland

Continuance.

Gaolers to make •ut lifts ofPii-

C. 124,125.	51*	geo.	in.

upon Affidavit being made/and filed in the. proper Coin? of the Per-fonal Service of fucn Surnmons or Attachment, and Notice written on the Foot tbereoi as aforefeid, ox of the. .dqe Execution of such DiJIripgasj and of the Service of such Notice an is hereby dtrefted oh the Elution of,fech Dlflr'rgns, as the Cafe ?ray be, to cetera Common.Appearance for the Defendant, or Defendants, and to pro. cetrd thereon, as. if such Defendant or Defendants had entered h**, her or their Appearance; a;\y La>y or Ufage to the contrary nct-withftanding ; and that such Affidavit or Affidavits may. be made 1 efore any Jud^e or Con\mifiioner of. the Court, out.of or into which such Wrjt shall issue. or he returnable, authorized to take Affidavit in .such Court, or elfe before the proper Officer for entering Coirnnta Appearances in fiich Court, or his lawful Deputy, and which Affidavit is hereby directed to be filed grata.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provifiors contained in the said Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign cf. 1 His present Majesty, respecting Actions in inferior Cuurts, when?, the Caufe of Attioi) should amount to less than Tea Pounds, fia l be and the fame are hereby, from and after the said Firtl Day of November, extended to all Actions in such Courts wheje the Caufe of A&ion fhatf not amount to Fifteen Pounds, exclufevc of such Colls, Charges and Expences as aferefaid (except where the Caufc of such Action shall arise or be maintainable upon prby virtue of a:y Bill or Bills of Exchange, Promiffory Note or Pronuflbry Notes, in which case the Parties liable thereupon may be held to}Speciaf Bail,

in such manner as if thjs.A& had not been made),; and'that so much of any Aft or Afts of Parliament, heretofore parted fot the. Recovery of Debts within certain Dift rifts and Jurifdiftibns, which may fcave authorized the Arrcfl and Imprifonrnent of Defendants, where the Caufe of Aftion amounts to less than Fifteen Pounds, exejufive of such Colls, Charges and Expences a? aforesaid, (half be and the fame is hereby, from and after the Piril Day of November, repealed.

IV.	Provided always, That nothing in this Aft contained ftial! extend or be construed to extend to those Parts of the Ignited Kingdom called Scotland and Ireland.

V.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That this A A shall continue arid be in force until the First Day of November, in the Year One thousand. eight hundred and fix teen, and thenceforth-until the End* of the then next Seffion of Parliament* and bo longer.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtor in England.

[9th July iftti.]

WHEREAS it may be convenient in the present crowded State of the Prifons and Gaols in England and Walea^ that

*feme of the Prifoners confined thereto, truly fenaendering their

*Effefts to their Creditors, should be liberated, and enabled to pursue their different Profeffions and Occupations :* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Moft Excellent Majftly, by and with the Advice and Co’nfent of the Lords Spiritual and • Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the .Authority of the fame, Tha*. fronj and .after thepaffiug of this .Aft, all and every Keeper or Gaoler cf any Pnfen, in any County, Riding,

* '	8	Division,

A.D.i8ir.

405

51° geo. nr*	c.	125.

DiVifion, City, Town, Place or Liberty within England or Wales 1 (haH and is ana are hereby required to make a true, exact and perfect Lift alphabetically of the Name or Names of all and every Perfon or Perfons who upon die Pirft Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, was or were, or have ftnee continued to be under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such Lift shall be really an actual Prisoner Or Prifoners in the Cuftody of any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of any Prifon respectively, upon any Procefs whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Cofls, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Non-payment of Money; and an Account of the time when such Prisoner or Prifoners whs or were respectively charged in Cuftody or received iq Prifon, together with the Name or Names of the Ter -fon or Perfons at whose Suit or Profecution such Prisoner Or fcrrfontrt is or are detained, together with the Amount of fftcb Debts as the said Prisoner or Prifoners are detained for; and shall deliver the fame to the Juftjces of the Peace at thei* First or Second General Quirter-Seffion or General Seffion of the Peace, to be held after the palling of this Ad, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, City, Divifioii, Town, Place or Liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of Hi* Majefty's Prifon of the Fleet, and Marfhal of the King's Bench Prifon, and every other Keeper or Gaoler of arty other Prifon in any Place or Liberty in England or Wales, shall severally, on the delivering in -of any such Lift of Prifoners in their respective Cuftody, take an*Oath in the open Court of such General Ouarter-Seflion of the Peaee, or Adjournment thereof, to the Effed following 5 that is to fay,

*	J A.B. upon my cprporal Oath* in the Prefence of Almighty God*

‘ do solemnly (wear, profess and declare. That all and every PerfoQ

*	and Perfons whose Name or Names is or are inserted and conuined

*	in the First Part of the Lift by. me now delivered in and fubferibed,

« was or were to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the

*	Firft Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven* really

*	and truly . Prifoners in actual Cuftody in the Prifon of ["mfert the f Name of the Prifon] at the $uit or Suits of the t'erfon or rerfons

*	therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every Perfon ‘ and Perfons whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in 1 the Second Part of the said Lift now by pie delivered in andfub-

*	fcribed as aforesaid. have (luce the said FiHt Day of May One thou* ‘ sand eight hundred and eleven, beep committed or surrendered to

*	the said Prifon of {infer t the Name of the Prifon\ at the iSuit or

*	Suits of the several Perfon or Perfons therein respectively mentiqtied }

1 and that the Perfon or Perfons whose Name or. Names is or. are ( therein contained,, was or were, to the best of my Knowledge and ( Belief, really and truly Prifanera in.adual Cuftody on the (aid

*	Firft Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, as

1 appears by the Returns made to me. on his and their respective ‘ Commitments.	So	help me GOD.*

Which the said Juft ices, at their First or Second General Quarter* Seffion or General Sefiibn of the Peace aforesaid, or at some Ad* journment thereof, within their respective Jimfdi&ions, are hereby, empowered and required to adminilter in open Court; and the Words of the said Oath hereinbefore directed to be taken by the bid Warden

D d 3	and

foaers In Cuftody on xft May 1811

Keepers of Pri* fonsto take Oath when they deliver in Lifts.

Oath.

Oath admi* nirtcrod in open Court.

4C<5

AJX1811.

C. i<25.	51° GEO- in.

sind Marlhat respectively, and other Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon > *.	respectively,	(hall	be	entered or written at the End or Bottom of the

Lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court; and Lifts to be kept every such Lift which shall be so delivered in, subscribed and fwcrn by Clerk of the to in pursuance of this Aft, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, Peace, and ex- Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk^ of the Peace, of every ■ arom* ******* such County, City, Town, Place or Liberty respectively in which any fqch Lift asaforefaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfadion of the said Justices, and Information of all or any Prisoner or Prifoam therein named, and so us the fame may from time to time be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prisoner or.Prifoners, without Fee or Reward.

Copy of Lifts • III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Keeper or fixed up in Pri- Gaoler, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prifon or Gaol is and are fow, before De- hereby required, Ten Days at least before the First or Second General livcfy to Sdfionf* Quarter^effi0n or General Seffion of the Peace shall be held after the passing of this Aft, for the County, City, Town, Place onLi*

. berty in which any Prifon or Gaol shall be or to which the fame shall belong, to fix up in some conspicuous Place or Places in every such ,	Prifon or Gaol, and at the most frequented or usual Gate, Door or

.	Entrance into every such Prifon or Gaol, Three or more true Copies

of the Lift or Lifts proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Keeper or Gaoler at the said General Quarter-Seflions, or at some Adjournment thereof.

PrMoners for IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Pcrfon and t)ek nm exceed- Perfons who on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred ing a,ocol. dif- apd eleven, were charged in any Prifon or Gaol for the Non-payment ctag*.	0f a Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, which did not in

the Whole amount to a greater Sum than Two thousand Pounds, £nd whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, taking the Oaths hereby directed to be , taken, and who shall perform on his or her Part what is required to be done by him or her by this Aft, shall as to his Pcrfon and Effcds respectively be for ever released, discharged and exonerated to such Extent and in iuch manner as is hereinafter provided* and no other wife.

1 * V. And whereas many honest but unfortunate Perfons whofe

* Debts exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, although willing	1

* to fitttender their EfFefts for the Benefit of their Creditors, hare	|

*	been confined in Gaol many Years, add but for the Interpofition of 4 the Legiflature will be doomed to perpetual Imprifonment f Be

further Extent so therefore enacted, That all and every the Perfon or Perfons who r”r *	"* bn the First Day of May last was or were charged in Execution with

Prifaen*hjve an7 ^e^)t or Debts no* exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three been in Cuftody thousand Pounds, and who shall have been confined in any Gsol of Five cr Ten the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Space of Years.	Five Years, for such or any other Debt or Debts; and all and even'

Perfon or Perfons who on the said First Day of May last was or were ■'	charged in Execution with any Debt or Debts to any Amount, and

who shall have been confined in any Gaol of the United Kingdom of ‘ ' Great Britain and Ireland for such or any other Debt or Debts for the Space of Ten Years, shall, on taking the Oath hereby directed to be taken by other Debtors claiming their Difcharge under .this

Aft,

4-7

511 GEO. III.	C.125.

Aft, and in all other respects performing on his or her Part what is required to be done by him or her by this Aft, be respectively dif-charged, released and exonerated, as to hifc Perfon and Effefts, to such Extent and in such manner as is hereinafter provided, and not otherwise.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Juftice*msT,<m for any Judice or Judices of the Peace of any County, City, Town, Pri’one*s dtli-Plaoe or Liberty within England and Wales, upon the Petition of *e"n&.^he' any such Prisoner or Prifoners to any Judice or Judices of the Peace,nnuto bring **' within his or their respective Jurifiliftions, upon every such Prisoner them toQutrter-or Pnfoners'fo petitioning, and at the time of his or her so petitioning, Settlors, leaving with the Juftice or Judices so petitioning (a), a true Copy of the Schedule containing his or her intended Dilcovery of his or her Real and Pcrfonal Edate, to be sworn to at the First or Second General Quarter-SefSons next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjournment thereof, (and at the Foot of which said Schedule the Gaoler or other proper Officer shall fet forth and sign the Amount of the I)ebt or Debts with which such Prisoner was charged on the said First Day of May) by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or under their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prifon within the Jurifdiftion of any such Judice or Judices, to bring before the Judices at the Fird or Second next General Quarter-Seflion or General Seflion of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as the Cafe Thai! happen to be, next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, the Body of any Perfon being in the said Prifon as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainers, together with a Copy or Copies of the Caufe Or Caufes which he, the or they is or are charged with in any Prifon or Gaol aforesaid at the time aforesaid ; for which Copy or Copies of such Caufe or Caufes Tuch Prisoner shall apply to the said Keeper or Gaoler of such Prifon, or to the Clerk of the Papers, or other proper Officer or Perfon, who shall make out and tranferibe the fame at lead Six Days before the time of his or her Appearance ;

Which Warrant of every such Judice or Judices, eVery such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Keeper or Gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey,

{a) O in the Original Aft.|

4 VII. And whereas confiderable time may intervene between the

*	paffing of this Aft and the next General Quarter-Seffion or General

*	Seflion of the Peace, which would be the means of detaining in

*	Prifon a Number of Perfons who with their Families are in the

*	greated DidrefsBe it further enacted, That it shall and may Special Seflion. be lawful for any Two or more of the Judices of the Peace for any

County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, upon Petition from Debtors as aforesaid, to assemble their respective Courts as soon as may tie after passing this Aft, for the Purpofe of adminidering the Oaths and •ther the Matters required by this Aft, and to appoint such Day or Days for the Di&harge of Prifoners as they shall fee proper.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Copy of eveiy such Schedule? to reschedule which shall be left or delivered in as aforesaid, shall dc and nJ'1’n remain with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer lhc *crKe’ acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty in which the L me shall have been so left, there to remain and

Dd 4	b$

408

A.D.1811.

Debtor. intend-ing to apply for Difcharge to g've Notice in Gazette, Ui.

Debtors to deliver Schedules to Gaoler, previous to first No; ice.

C. 125.	5.I°GEO.	IIL

be infpeded from time to time as Occafion shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to infped the fame.

IX.	And be it farther enacted, That all and every Debtor and Debtors confined in any Gaol of that Part of the United Kingdom called England and IVales, who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exonerated under this Ad, shall first cause public Notice to be inserted in Three several London Gazettes, previous to such General or Quarter-Seffion or General Seffion of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, at which such Application shall be made 5 and if such Debtor shall be in Cuftody in any such Gaol, out of London* or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or shall have moved hiir.felf by Habeas Corpus from one Gaol to another, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Divi-fion, City, Town, Liberty or Pj?ce, in the Gaol whereof be or (he shall be or have been so in Cuilody, containing the Name, Trade, Occupation and Description, and the Two last Places of Abode (if so many) of every such Debtor and Debtors, and the Prifon wherein he, (he or they is or are confined, and of his, her or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Ad, and mentioning such Notice in such Gazette or Newfpaper respectively, to be the First, Second or Third Notice, according to the time or publi(hing each of such Notices; and for the inserting each of the said Notices in the London Gazette, or in any other Newfpaper, there shall be paid each time by every Prisoner the Sum of Four Pence and no more ; the First of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazettes respectively, and in the said other Newfpapers, as the Cafe may require, Twenty one Days at the lead, and the last of the said Notices Six Days at the . least before any such First or Second General Quarter-SelGon or General Seffion, or Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid, so that as well all the Creditors who have not charged the said Debtor or Debtors in Cuftody, as those Creditors who have charged such Debtor or Debtors in Execution,* or on Mefne Procefs or otherwise, may have, sufficient Notice thereof,

X. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and fnf-ficient time to consider the Matters and Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or Debtors, be it further enacted, That every such Debtor, where he or (he shall, according to the Diredions of this Ad, pnblifh the First Notice of an Intention to take the Benefit of this Ad, he or (he shall in such Notice declare that the Schedule containing his or her intended Difcovery of his or her Real and Perfonal Eft ate, to be fwom to in. manner as by this Ad is directed, is lodged in the Hands of the Keeper or Gaoler, or the Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of the Prifon wherein any such Debtor shall be confined; and every such Debtor is hereby directed and requited to deliver ' such Schedule to such Keeper, or Gaoler, or Deputy, as the case may be, before he shall publifti such First Notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her own Christian Name and Surname, to be attested ht* any such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy; and in case any Debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver One such Schedule to such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, prior to such his' First Notice to be given as aforesaid, he or (he upon due Proof made of such Negled or Kefufal, to the Satisfaction of the Court to which such Debtor shall make

Applies*

A.D.i8ii

409

5 i°GE0. IIL	C.125.

Application, shall be remanded back to Prifon, there to remain -until he or (he shall have complied with the Diregions aforesaid; and every such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, is hereby directed and required to attell the Signature of the Debtor’s Name to such Schedule, and to receive the fame into his Cuilody and Charge, giving a Duplicate thereof to every such Debtor, with an Acknowledgement of bis having received the Original; and he is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by himfeK, upon Requeft made to him by any Creditor for that Purpofe in Writing, such Copy to be delivered to the Creditor htmself, or to such Perfon as he Hall appoint to receive the fame, within Thirty Days after Demand made; and if any such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy shall neglect or refuse to conform to the Directions hereby given him reipediag such Schedule, every such Keepe**, Gaoler or Deputy so offending shall be punched. (a)	(a)	in	the	Original	Ad.'}

XL And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by every Debtor, in manuer directed by this A&, shall be to the £fle& following ; that is to (ay,

* T	[inftrt	the	Name, Treble ^Occupation Form of Notice.

4 A and Description, and the Two lafi Places of Abode, if so ntdrtj 3 4 now confined in [infert the Name of the Prifon and County ]• and not 4 being charged in Cuftody on the First Day of May One 'thoufand 4 tight hundred and eleven, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums 4 of Money exceeding in the Whole the Sum of [a/ the case may be}

4 [<W if claiming to be discharged on account of the Length 'of Time *of 4 Imfrifonmeut> wen to fet forth the time] do hereby give this [Firft,

4 Second or Third] public Notice, that I intend to take the benefit 4 of an Act palled in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty’s 4 Reign, intituled, £ here fet forth the Title of this Ad, and if it be the ‘ frfi Notice then add] And I do hereby give Notice, that a true aad 4 perfect Schedule, containing a Difcovcry of asltny Real and Personal 4 Eitate, hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to 4 any Creditor applying for the fame to the Keeper or Gaoler or his 4 Deputy of the laid Prifon,’

And every fnch Notice (h*ll be (igned by the Debtor, and counter-figned by the Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of such Prifon.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Debtor as afore.? Debtors proving said, not being charged as aforesaid, on the said Firfl Day of May that Notiees One thousand eight hundred and eleven, with any Debt or Debts, jj*** .been 8*ven* Sum or Sums of Money, in the Whole to a greater Amount than the ^o^de^Wer in Sum of Two thousand Pounds, who shall apply to the General or. certain S»-h«-Quarter-Sefiion, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall dulesanduka be proved upon Oath, or by producing the faid' Three Gazettes aqd Oath* Newfpapers respectively before mentioned to the said Justices at any such oeflion or Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were inserted in the London Gazettes and other Newfpapers respectively, as were required in manner aforesaid, and that the Perlon or Perfons so applying was or were actually a Prisoner or Prifoners on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, in the Prifon or Gaol in which his, her or their Name or Names is or are specified in a Lid delivered in at such First or Second Seffion, or any Adjournment thereof, or in some other Prifon or Gaol as aforesaid, in pur-

fuanco

4io

AjD.i81!*

Oath.

c. 125.	510	g£o. iil

fuance of this Ad ; and shall in open Court at the said General Quarter-Seflion or General Seflion, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe or deliver in a true Schedule ot Account of all bia or her Real Eflate in Pofsession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and of any other Nature and Kind whatsoever, and also the Whole of his or her Perfonal Eftate which he or she, or any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for him or her, or for his or her Ufe, Benefit or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in or entitled unto, or was or were in bis, her or their Pofsession, Cuftody or Power, or Which he, (he or they, or such Perfon or Perfons had any Power of disposing of, or chaining for his, her or their Benefit or Advantage, at any time since his or her Commitment to Prifon, with the Name of his or her several Debtors, 2nd where they respectively live or rhay be met with, and the several Sums of Money from them refpeCtively owing, and how the fame refpeCtively became due and are secured, and it by Mortgage, Spe* cialty, Contrad, Note or other Writing, then the Name aird Names and Places of Abode of the several Witneffes who can prove such Debts or Contracts ; and shall also make Oath and swear to the following EffeCt, according to the special Circumstances, so far as the fame mall be confident with the Provifions hereinafter contained; that is to fay,

*	'T A. B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Prefenoc of Almighty ‘ God, do solemnly (wear, protest and declare, that on the First 9 Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, I was really 9 and truly a Prisoner in the actual Cuftody of

9	in the Prifon or Gaol of	at	the Suit of

*	without	any	Fraud	or Collufion whatsoever; and that 1

9 have ever since my Commitment continued a Prisoner within the

*	Prifon of	in the aCtual Cuftody of the Keeper or

*	Gaoler of the said Prifon of	[or	mentioning	fome other

9 Prifon, as the case may he"] or within the Liberties thereof, at the 9 Suit of	and without any Fraud or Collufion

*	whatsoever; and that the Schedule now delivered by me and fub-

*	feribed, doth contain, to the belt of my Knowledge,! Remembrance 9 and Belief, a full, just, true and perfect Account and Difcovery of

*	all the Goods and EffeCts, Eftates Real and Perfonal, in Pofsession,

4 Reversion, Remainder or Eitpe&ancy, and of every other Nature

*	and Kind whatsoever, which I or any Perfon in Truft for me or 4 for my Benefit or Advantage ai*c seized or possessed of, interested r in or entitled to, or was or were in my Pofsession, Cuftody or Power,

*	or in the Poffeffion* Cuftody or Power of any such Perlon as afore*

*	.said, or which I or such rerfon had any Power of disposing of or 4 charging for my Benefit or Advantage, at any time since my Com-9 mitment to Prifon ; and of all Debts to me owing, or to any Per* c son or Perfons in Truft for me, and of all the Securities and Con*

*	tracts whereby any Money now is or will or may hereafter become 9 payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me or to my 4 Ule, or to any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for me, and the Names 4 and Places of Abode of the several Perfons from whom such Debts c are.due and owing, and of the Witneffes who can prove such Debts

*	or Contracts, (if any such there be) ; and that neither I, nor any

*	Perfon or Perlons in Truft for roe, or for my XJfe, have any Lands,

*	Money, Stock, or any Eftate Real or Perfonal, in Pofsession, Rever-

*	fion, Remainder dr Expectancy, or of any Nature or Kind soever, or

* Power

*	Power of disposing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage,

*' other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing

*	Apparel and Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools, and 4 the necefiary Implements for my Occupation and calling, together

*	with a Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, and these in the

*	Whole not exceeding the Value of Thirty Pounds | and that I 4 have not, nor any Perfon for me, hath directly or indirectly fold,

4 lessened or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed

*	all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock,

‘ Debts* Securities, Contracts, or £ dates Real or Perfonal, whereby « to secure the fame, or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage

*	therefrom, or with an Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or

*	Creditors to whom I am or was indebted in any wife howsoever.

* So help me GOD/

And the said Schedule and Oath shall be by every such Debtor fub- Schedule and feribed in the Prefence of the Juflices in open Seffion of the Peace °ath fubferibed on hereby directed, and shall be kept by ana remain with the Clerk Debtor*, of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where the fame shall be fubferibed and taken, for the better Information of all the Creditors of such Debtors who shall desire or may have Occafioo to resort thereto $ and every such Creditor shall be at Liberty, at feafon* able times in the Day-time, to peruse and examine the fame*

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace Court, at R®-witliin their respective Jurifdidions at any such General Quarter- quest of Crerii-Seffions or General Seffion, or Adjournment thereof, at the Requeft toT*» mfT cxa* of any Creditor or Creditors of any such Debtor, are hereby authorized Gaoler* to cause the Deputy Warden and Marfbal of the Fleet and King's 8

Bench Prifon, or any other under Officer, Tipftaff and Turnkey of any Prifon or Gaol, or any other Perfon within their respective Jurifdidions, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on Oath touching any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths pre-cribed by this Ad to be taken, and the Truth thereof; and if the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court by any Debtor or Debtors shall not be disproved by good Teftimony of any credible Perfon or Perfons on Oath, and such Justices or the major Part of them present at any such General Quarter-Seffion or General Seffion, or any Adjournment thereof, shall be satisfied with the Tpith of the Oath taken hy such tefpedive Debtors, then such Justices shall, in such Sefiion or some Adjournment thereof, adjudge such Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, and shall order the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prifon or Prifons, forthwith to fet at Liberty such IVifoner or Pri-foners ; and every such Order shall be a sufficient Difcharge to the Sheriff or .Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prifon or Prifons, and shall indemnify him or them against any Efcape or Escapes, Adion or Adions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced or prosecuted against him or them.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the. Authority aforesaid. That Eilat® «nd Ef. all the Estate, Right, Title, Interell, and Truft of such Debtor, of, frits of Del*on in and unto all tne Real Eftate as well Freehold and Copyhold as diiihaiged,veftcd Cuftomary, and to all the Perfoual Estate, Debts and Effeds of every

such Debtor, shall immediately after such Adjudication be, and the aifa^fam® to* *° fame is hereby veiled in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other such Ciejitms as

Officer

A.D.iSri.

Court <hall dived, in Truft.

Afligoces to get in Debtors £ffeds;

and tomrke Dividends.

€.125.	51°	geo. in.

Officer acting as Clerk 6f the Peace of and for the County, Riding, City, Town Corporate, Division, Liberty or Place where any Debtor* shall be respectively drfcharged ; and every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer SdHng as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby directed and required to make an Alignment and Conveyance of every such Debtor’s Eftate and Effedb, veiled in fuch’ Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Debtor,, as the Juflices at any General or Quatter-Seffion of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which'fhall be held by them within their respective Jcrifdic-tiofts, shall order and-dire£l 5 which Affignment and Conveyance shall be good andfefit&rial in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, without being written on Parchment or Paper {lamped, to vest the Edates thereby assigned and conveyed in ihe Party or Parties to whom the fame shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her and their Heirs, .Executors, Adminiftretore and Afsigns, according to the Eftate and Intereft which the Debtor had therein; and every such Aiflignvnent and Conveyance shall be in*Truft for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Debtor to whom the fame shall be made, and the rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor -in refpeH of or in- Proportion to their ■refpe&ive Debts ; and every Perfoo or Perfoas to whom - any such Affigmnedt arid Conveyance as aforesaid shall be maderis«ud are hereby fully empowered to sue from tfcne to time *f there- may be Oecsfion, in his, her or their own Name or Names far the* Recovery atfd obtaining any Eftate or Effe&s of any fetch Debtor< aad also to execute any Truft or Power-veiled in or created for the Ufeor Benefit of any such Debtor, but in Truft for the Benefit of ‘him or them and the rest of the Creditorsof every such Debtor, and to give such Difcbarge and Difcharriesto any Perfon or Perfons who'-lhul Vetyeftively be indebted to filch Debtor at may be reqnifite 9 -and every fueh-Affignee or Affignees shall with all convenient Speed after his or their accepting filch Alignment or Conveyance, ufc his and1 their best Endeavours to receive and get in the Eftate and Effects tof Vvtry fnch Debtor, and shall, with all convenient Speed, make 8ale of all the E(bates of such Debtor vHted in filch ‘Affiguee or Affignees; and if such Debtor fliaH ?>e interested in or eh titled to any Real Eftate* either in’ Pbfsession, Reverfjon or Expe^fiihcy, ‘the feme* Wkhin* the Spare of Two Months-after fiich Affignment and Conveyance fhaH be fold by public Ah 61 ion, in such maimer atid at such Place-as the majoir’Pdrt of the Creditors of any such Debtor* who {haH^ffiwhbte together oh any Notice in Writing pubfcfhedmthe LtoB/toH Gar&ttte, or inlblne Daily Paper printed and pti&ifhed in	the	Debtor before his or her going to Prifon

refuted in Londrit, or within the Bills of Mortality, and if dftnVhere, then ih font printed' Newfpaper which* shall bepubiifhed in or near the Couaty, Ridings Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such Debtor refideo before* he or (he was committed to Prifon, Thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made,' shall under His -Hand or their Hands agree on raid every filch' Alfignbe or Aflignees, at the End of Three Months at the farttifeft from the time 9? his or their accepting any such Alignment or Conveyance as aforesaid; shall make a fair and just Dividend of all fuch' Debtor's Eftate and Efieds which {hull have been then recovered amongst bis or her Creditors, iff Proportion and in regard to each Creditor's ttfpdreive Debt.; but before

*7	|

A.D*i8z t.

4i3

51° GEO. III.	C.	12$*

any such DividendfbaUbe made, fnch Affigae^or A flgnees fibril bake up an Aecount of such Debtor’s Estate, and malde Oith in Writing before One or more Juftice orJti (licet of the>Peaeetof.the County,

Riding or Division, .Town* Liberty or Place in which any* fnch Debtor, shall have borti difehavged, that every fnch. Account coin-tains a fair and just Account of'the Eftate and JOTtSftarof .every fetch Debtor got in by or for such Aflignec or Aifignee#, and of all Pay*, rrtents made in respect thereof, and that - all Payments-in every such Account charged, were truly and 'btnajide made and paid; and Notice Notice of makikfc of tlrt making of every such Dividend shall be publifard io lihemaaner Dividend* as a Meeting,of the Creditors is hereinbefore direfted'to be publifhed*

Thirty Days at bast before-the fame shall bemade, antl.no Creditor shall be allowed to receive .any Share of such Dividend* until .he (lull have made out the Juftnefs and Identity of his Debt* by Oath, on dun Proof in Writing before some such Juftice or indites; and if any Creditor, of such Debtor shall be difihtisfied with the Reality, or Fair-nefs of any'Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then thefanpe.atthe Requell of any such Creditor or Creditors so dtsatisfied, (hall! be examined into by the Justices of the County, Rfdfog* Ditifitm, Cityv Town, Liberty or Place io which such Debtor (haU. have: been adjudged to have bom, entitled to thfe Benefit of this Aft atithemext General or Quarter-Seffion, or at fbme Adjournment)thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That .in case any-Aifignee'or A& Afligneesortbcfc fignees of the Eilate and Effe&s of any. Prisoner discharged by; virtue Hcir5»n(* ‘,C.IU ol this Aft, or the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators of any

dtceafed Affignee or Affignees*. shall hat deliver averanyv Part of such lance* or "

Eilate or Effefts, or pay the Balance of thd Produce of a ay fuck

Eftate or Effefts found to be in the Hands of fooh» Affigneeor A&

figoeea, or of fnch Heirs* Executors or Admiaiftmtors us aforefokb

according, to the Tenbr of this Aft,.it shall be l&wfrdifor the Court

before which the Prifaner wasdi (charged, to order the Perfon ar Per-

fons. so offending to tie awvfted' and<committed tothe next County Imprtfonmeoc.

Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise until such Per(bn or

Perfons shall have fulfilled the Duty Required by the Aft, .or until

such Court (haU make other Order, to the-cotitrary.

XVI.	Provided always, and bc.it further enacted, That all and Certain Ored!* every Creditor and Creditors of any Debtor who shall be difdiargeiL ft* Annui-by virtue-of this Aft, for any Sum or Bums of Money payable by way

of Annuity or otherwifeat any future time or times, by virtue of.any unJe/commiC-Bortd, Corenantsor other Securities o£ any Nature whatever, may be fijn rf Bank-and (haU be entitled to be admitted a. Creditor or Creditors, and ruptcy.

shall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Dividend* ofi the Eftate ' of. such Debtor, in such manner and upon fnch Terms and Conditions as fuclr Creditor or Creditors would have been-entitled unto by the Law9 now in force if such Debtorhad become Bankrupt * and without Prejudice in future to their respective Securities, otherwise than aa the fame would have been affected by a Proof made in respect thereof by the Creditor under a Commiffion of Bankrupt, and* a Certificate ob<* tained by the Bankrupt under such Connniffioo.

XVII.	And, to the Intent that no Lofa may anse.to any Creditor Eftates of Debtor Creditors fVom any Negleft or O million in the Schedule not coa^.ors,noc*infifcrled taining the Whole of the Eftate Real or Perfoflal, belonging to any m 2c!J?UpU . Debtor who shall apply for hiaor her Difcharge under the Authority peace/ of this Aft, be it enacted, That all the Estate, whether Real or Per-

foaal,

A.D.i8ir.

4*4

Holders nf Secu-ritits without C'onfideratiuii, nut enutlcd to Benefit

Eflate*to rest in Clerk of the Peace for the time being.

No Suit in Law or Equity without Confer)t of Majority of Creditors.

Mortgages to take place of Debts of an in-lerioi Nature.

C.125.	5i°GEO.	Ill*

fonal, wRich shall belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and of which be, the or they shall be actually possessed or entitled unto at the time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Eftate contained in fnch Schedule, though not inserted therein, and shall in like manner become veiled in the Clerk of the Peace, Tows Clerk or other Officer acting as such, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been contained in such Schedule, and had been delivered into the Court according to the Diredions of this Ad.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That no Perfoo holding any Security whatsoever, for which such Debtor never received any valuable Confederation, shall be entitled to receive any Benefit from the Eftate of such Debtor, unless the Perfon holding such Security shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Justices at some Genera] or Quarter-Seffion or Adjournment thereof, that he or (he became possessed of the fame bona fide, and for good or valuable Confideration.

XFX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the Death Or Removal of any Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in whom the Estate, Right, Titled Intereft or Trull, of any Debtor or Debtors shall have veiled by the Authority of this A6t, every such Estate, Right, Title, Intereft and Truft* ihall become veiled in the Succefior or Succeffor* to every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid respectively, as the case may be, to all Intents and Purpfefet whatsoever under the Froviiions of this Ad.

XX.	Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Law or Equity ihall be commenced by any Aflignee or Affignees of any such Debtor's Eftate and Effeds without the Confent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor, who ihall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given at least Ten Days before such Meeting in the London Ga**tte> or other Newfpaper which shall be published in the Neighbourhood of the last Refidence of such Debtor or Debtors, for that Purpofe.

XXI.	Provided also; and be it further enacted, That nothing iu this Ad Ihall extend or be construed to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens upon the Eftate of such Debtor or Debtors, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments or Perfonal Eftate or Effeds cpmprifed in or oharged or affected by such Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens respectively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Mereliant, Recognizance or Judgment, acknowledged by or obtained again ft any such Debtor or Debtors, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Real Eftates of such Debtor or Debtors 1 and also, where any Inquifition ihall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution ihall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any such Judgment before such Difcharge shall be given in open Sernon to any such Debtor as aforesaid, the Perfonal Eftate of any such Debtor refpec-tively ihall be subject thereto in the iirft Place for so much as thttt remain due upon uich Mortgage, Charge, Lien, Statute, Recognizance or Judgment respectively, in like manner as such Mortgagees and Perfons having such Charges or Liens, and Creditors by Statute, Recognizance or Judgment respectively wpuld have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the Real on

11	Perfonal

A.D.x8ii*

4»5

£i°GEO. IIL	C. 125.

Perfonal Eflate of such Debtor or Debtors respectively, if this Aft had not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary not with {landing.

‘ XXII. And whereas many Perfons, who may be entitled to an^

*	claim the Benefit of this Aft, are seised and poflefTed of Lands, f Tenements and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the 4 Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leafes and

*	taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Eftates for One, Two

*	or Three Lives, in PofTeflion or Reversion, or for some Number 4 of Years determinable upon Lives, or have Powers over Real os

*	Perfonal Eft ate, which such Debtors could execute for their own < Advantage, and which said Powers ought to be executed for the

*	Eenefit of the Creditors of such Debtor Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such case all and every the Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all other such Powers as aforesaid over Real or Perfonal Eslate, which are or shall be veiled in any such Prisoner or Prifoners as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vetted in the Aflignee or Affiguees of the Real and Perfonal Eflate of such Pnfoner by virtue of this Aft, to be by such Aflignee or Aflignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such rrifoners as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted. That the Justices at any Ge« neral or Quarter- Seflion or Adjourned Seflion of the Peace to which any such Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Aft shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prifoners, who shall oppose his or her Difcharge, administer to the Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prifon or Gaol, at the time of bringing up any such Prisoner in order to be discharged under this Aft, au Oath to the Effeft following; that is to fay,

*	T	do swear, That

*	was	really	and	truly a Prisoner in my Cuftody,

4 in the Prifon of	or in Cuftody, in

*	fome other Prifon [as the case may be\ to the bell of my Know-

*	ledge and Belief, at or upon the Firfl Day of May One thousand 4 eight hundred and eleven, and that the Copy or Copies of the 4 Caufe or Caufes of his [or, her] Commitment or Detainer, now 4 by me brought, with the Body of the faid

*	and	produced to the said Court* is or are a true Copy

4 or Copies of the Caufe or Caufes of such Commitment or De-4 tainer, without any Fraud or Deceit by me or any other Perfon, 4 to the best of my Knowledge and Belief. ' J So help me GOD.1

And if any Perfon who was .a Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or,Gaoler of any such Prifon or Gaol, on the laid Firfl Day .of May One thousand ^ight hundred and eleven, or since, shall not happen to be the Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of auy such Prifon or Gaol at the time any stich Lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Juflices at any such Seflion or St any Adjourned Seflion may and are hereby required to administer to the telpeftive Perfon of Perfons who shall be Keeper or Gaoler of any fucn Prifon or Gaol, or deputed Keeper thereof, and deliver, iji such Lift as aforesaid at any such General or Quarter-Seflion. or Adjourned Seflion, an Oath touching the Commitments or Books

of

Power of leafing Lands, Sr c. veiled in ACgncee.

Gaoler, on Re. quest of Creditor, to be sworn.

Oath.

If Perfon delivering in was not Gaok*r on ift Mayi8u, he Dull take the following Oath.

Oath.

jd£ Commitment of any such Prifon or Gao!, to the Effeft fbUotnug;; that isto fay,

4 J	do fwear, That I hate

4 examined the Commitments or Books of or concerning the Con-* mitments of Prifoners to th$ Prifon-ofi	[a

4 the County, City, Riding, Divijion, City, Town, Place or Uierty,] 4 and that I do verily believe that the said Commitments or Book* 4 of Commitment are really true and not fictitious, nor calculated 4 for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear that 4	was	on the First Day of May One thoubod

4 eight hundred and eleven, really and truly a Prisoner in the actual 4 Custody of.	the	then Keeper or Gaoler,

4 or Deputy, Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prifon or Gaol [or other 4 Prifon, as the case may be'] without* Fraud or Deceit by me or any 4 other Perfoo or, Perfqns, to my Knowledge or Belief.

* bo help me GOD/

At Rrqueft of	And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Cora-

Creditor*, mittnents- of Prisoners in airy Prifbn or Gio! Books, be it further «*ndn*Hon ^ ena^e^> That the Jnftices at airy General or Quarter-SefTiou orAd-o Tuat SelCon*! journed Seflfon, arc hereby authorized; at the Requt-fl of. any Cre-tnuch'm*' Com- ditor or Creditors of" any Prisoner,' to convene before them at foir? miemenu* certain time to be appointed by them, any Perfon or Perfons who was or were Keeper or Gaoler; or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any* ftrifon or Gaol-within their nefpeCtive Jurifdi&ions, on the said FirfVDay of Afty. One thousand eight hundred and e*even, or at any time Once, and- examine every fpeh Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper- or Gaoler on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Cuitody of any such Prisoner, as the Juftlccs at any such General or Quarlor-Scfiiuji or Adjourned Sefiion shall think fit; and Sher flfs, &c. d':f jf any Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed- Gaoler or Keeper, ftiafl of	*	refufe to bring before any such Juft ices, at any Seffioo

u «c , of the Peace, or Adjournment’ thereof any such Prisoner aa Owll be diretted apd.neqjiMed by Warrant of any Jufticc or lattices, at afore, said, or to attend on being, fmmnoned for that Pftrpose, he Hull ImprifonmoDt. on Convifclion fuffier Si* Months Iiopritogment; or if any Keeper or Gaoler attending shall refuse to make: Anfwer. and Difcovery in the pren^fcs. as. shall be reasonably required, at such General or Quarter-Seffioo or. Adjourned Sefiion, he, ihe or. they, so offending in the Pre-penalty.	roifes ftiali for every such Offence pay the Sjuq» of Teo Poomls to

any Pcrfirn wiio shall sue for aud recover the fane in any of Hi* Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster by A&ionof Debt. Gaoler and	XXrV. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler

Primer of Oa- Qf any Prifon, or hir Deputy or Deputies, (halt without just Canse, zette or Ntwf. ^ approved of by thfe Justices at some General Quart er-Sefiion ^yinV'vri^Re- or Geo<*at •Seflfon or-Adorned1 Seffioti of the Peace within their filiation* of a«. refpebtive Jurifdi&ions, refuse or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prifoners aa aforefeid to any such General Quarter-SefiiOft or Ge-neral Seffioa- or Adjourned Seffiorr of the Peace, in order to hh or her-Difcharge; or shall negleet, refufe-or designedly omit to insert in. any such Lift the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prr-• fouett who was or were a&uaUyin Cuftody in his or their refbeffive Prifon or Gaol on the said Furft Day of May One thousand eight

hundred

417

510 GEO. III.	C.125.

hundred and eleven, or shall negk'd or refuse to make out.’fix up or deliver such Lifts as aforesaid; or' if any Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler shall neglect or refuse to take any of the (aid Oaths before mentioned, and herthy required to be taken by him, or shall detain any such Prisoner after he or (he shall be dif-charged as aforesaid ; or if the Printer of the London Gazette or other Nevvfpaper as aforesaid shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notice by this Ad di reded to be given, on reasonable Re quell made to him for that Purpofe ? every such Keeper and Gaoler of such Prifon and Prifons, his Deputy or Deputies, and every such. Pii iter as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to such Prisoner, in every such case injured, the .Sum of One hundred Pounds, which shall and may be recovered with Treble Cofts of Suit by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of the said Courts of Record at lVejlmhiJler% wherein no Effbigu, Protediou or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fhali be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeperor Keepers, Gaoler or Gaoleis, or any Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon, shall, in taking of the afore mentioned Oaths, forswear and perjure themselves, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of such Prifon or Prifons shall (over and above the Penalties to be inflicted on Perfons convicted of Perjury) upon every such Convidion, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Cofts, by Bill, Plaint or Information, or Adion of Debt, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wejlm\hjler% wherein no EfToign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (haH be allowed, by and in the Name of such Perfon or Perfons, his and their Executors and Adminiitrators, to whom an Alignment or Conveyance in pursuance of this Ad shall be made of the Eftate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prifoners; and if no such Affignee or Aftignecs shall be living, then in the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall sue for the said Penalties, to be applied, One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfadion of the Debts of such Creditor or Creditors.

XXVII- And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such Prisoner adjudged to be entitled to his Difcharge as aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after such Adjudication, a Copy of the Order of such Adjudication, on the Payment of Two Shillings, or shall take more than Two Shillings and Six Pence for such Copy, or shall take more than One Shilling for an Argument or Conveyance of such Prisoner's Eftate or Effeds, every such Clerk of die Peace or his* Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any such General or Quaiter-Seffion of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of Twenty Pounds, as the Indices of the Peace at such General or Qgarter-Seificm, or Adjournment thereof, shall order, and who are hereby empowered to cause \he fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of any §1 Geo. III.	E	e	fuch

Penalty.

Gaolers commit-i:i£ Perjury.

Penalty.

Clerk of the Peace not giving Copies of Adjudication of Difcharge.

Penalty.

418

C.125.	51®	GEO.	III»	A.D.i8n.

Debtors falsely fwetfing.

Perjury.

Debtors discharged not lit- the Benefit of this Ad shall at any time hereafter be imprisoned by be impri- peafon of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment of Money raktoiftMay onty» or ^or anYDebt, Bond, Damages, Contempts for Non-payment JjgIX#	*	of Money, Coils, Sum or Sums of Money contracted, incurred,

occasioned, owing or growing due before the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, but that upon every Arreft upon every Judgment or such Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Coils, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may hi lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Procefc issued, or for any Two Justices of the Peace, upbn (hewing the Copy of the Order of Adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of Cuflody such Prifoners as aforesaid, and at the fame time to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits to pay such Prisoner or Prifoners the Coils which he, (he or they shall have incurred on such Occafion, or so much thereof as to such Judge or Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and every such Judge is hereby empowered so to do on such Prifoner’s causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him on every such Adion or Suit.

‘ XXX. And whereas under former Ads of this kind, Doubts

•	have arisen what was to be done with such Prifoners who applied

•	at any Seffion to be discharged, who owed and flood charged with

•	Debts as well previous as lubfequent to the Day limited by the

Prifoners not 4 respective AdsTo remedy which, be it therefore enacted, That di{charged of	no Prisoner or Prifoners shall be discharged of any Debts incurred

I)ertS|Lfce<l»ent ^^e<luent to First Day of May One thousand eight hundred to 1 May ajHj ekven, and jf it shall appear to the Justices at any Seffion or

Adjournment, that auy Prisoner or Prifoners then applying to them to be discharged, shall (land charged as well with Debts previous to as fubfequerit to the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, that in such cases it (half and may be lawful to and for the Jufticea to discharge the Perfon of* such Prisoner on account of all Debts which shall appear to their Satisfaction, by the Oath of such Prisoner not being disproved (or otberwife) to Have been incurred previous* to the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and to remand him or her bach to the Cullody of the Keeper of the Prifsn from whence he or (be • • Vras brought, for * all Debts which. he or she (lands charged with in his Cuflody, which shall appear to the Justices to have been incurred subsequent to the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and* eleven 5 and their Order for'fuch Difeharge shall indemnify the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers agaio^ any Efcape or Escapes, A&ion or A&iona whatsoever for Efcipw,

which

such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace so offending.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor as aforesaid, who shall come or be brought up to such General or

Suarter-Seffion, or Adjournment thereof, under the Provifions of is Ad, shall wilfully forswear and peijure himself, herself or them-selyes, in any Oath to be taken under this Ad, and shall be law-fully convicted thereof, he, she or they so offending shall suffer such Puniffiment as by Law may be inffi&ed on Perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt Penury.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Perfon entitled to

4*9

A.D.iBii.	51®	GEO,	III.	C. 125.

which shall or may be brought, commenced or prosecuted again(1 him or them ; any thing to the contrary herein notwithstanding.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Adion of Escape, or any Suit or Adion to be brought against any Juitice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Keeper or Gamer of any Prifon, for performing their Office in pursuance of this Ad, they may plead the General Ifsue, and give this Ad in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited or discontinue his Adion, or Verdid pass againlt him, or Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have Treble Cofts.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded* That if any Scire Facias or

Adion of Debt or upon Judgment, shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, upon any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her before the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, with respect to Prifoners in actual Cuftody on the said First Day of Maj One thousand eight hundred and eleven, it shall and may be lawful far any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors: or Adminiftrators, to plead generally that such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prifon or in some other Prifon, at such a Perfon’s Suit on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and was or were duly discharged according to this Ad, at the General Quarter-Selfion or General Seffion or Adjournment thereof, held.at such Time and Place for such County, Liberty, City, Town or Place (according to his, her or their cafe) without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or Adion shall be commenced against him,. her or themv for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money due before the said First Day of May. One thousand eight hundred and eleven, to plead in discharge of bis or her Perftm from Execution, (over and above such Matters as aforefaid11; that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the case may be) was contracted or due before the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, without pleading any other Matter specially, whereto the Plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may (hew the said Defendant not to he -entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, or not duly discharged according to it, in the fame manner as the Plaintiff might have replied in case the Defendant had pleaded this Ad, and his Difeharge by virtue of this Ad specially ; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his Adion, or Verdid pass against him, or Judgment or (a) Demurrer, the Defendant to have Treble Cofts.	(a)	[So	in the Original AciJ\

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority afore* said. That in case any Perfon being a Prisoner charged in Execu* tion on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and having before or since that Day petitioned any Court to be discharged as an Insolvent Debtor, aud having conformed to the several Pnovifions of the Laws in being for that Purpose, shall have been brought up, and by' the Court remanded back to the Prifon or Gaol from which such Prisoner was brought up, there to continue in Execution, on the Undertaking of his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay to him such weekly or other Allowance as by Law is directed to be paid in such case, during such time as fuch

E e 2	Prifoner

Ad pleaded to Adion cf Escape, &c.

Treble Cofts.

Ad pleaded generally by Pri-Toners.

Treble Cods.

Prifoners, who, on Application as Insolvent Debtors, have been remanded back, and since discharged without their Con- . sent, entitled to Benefit of Ad.

4JK>

AJ).I8II

AS not to extend to Attor-niec or Servants embezzling

Money.

Exception.

Nor to Perfops obtaining Money or Goods under false Pretences or fi&ttioui Names.

Exception.

Evidence of Objections given.

C. 125.	5!°	GEO.	III.

Prisoner fbould remain in Execution at the Suit of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such Prisoner so continued in Execution shall bait been or shall be discharged from such Execution by his or her Plaintiff or Plain tiffs, without his or her own Privity or Con fen t fubfequmt to the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and before the Day whereon he or (he might otherwise haTe applied to take the Benefit of this Aft, every such Prisoner shall be entitled, notwitbffanding such Difcharge, to the fame Relief and Adran-tage to all Intents and Purpoies whatsoever, which he or (he might or could have otherwise obtained by virtue of this Aft; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV.	Provided always, That nothing iu this Aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge ary Attorney at Law, Solicitor or any other Perfon or Perfons acting or pretending to aft as«such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall (land charged, for any Money or other EfFefts recovered or received by him or then! for the Ufe of a ly Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Corporate or Politick, and by any Attorney, Soli-citor or any other Perfon or Perfons acting as such, embezzled, concealed or converted to his or their own U(e; or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any other Perfon or Perfons employed or entrusted as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand wich which he, (he or they shall (land charged, for or on account of any Money, Goods or other Effefts received or poffcfTed by him, her or them, for the Ufe and on Account of his, her or their Matter or Mafters or Employers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed or converted to his, her or their own Ufe; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not with (landing; except where such Perfons mall have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Ten Years last past.

• XXXV. And whereas many evil disposed Perfons, to fuppoit

•	their profligate Way of Life, by various subtile Stratagems, Threat* 4 and Devices, and under assumed and fictitious Name or Names for 4 the Purpofe of obtaining Credit, have fraudulently obtained divers

•	Sums of Money, or Securities for Money, Goods and Merchan-4 dizes, to the great Injury of Trade and Credit Be it enatted, That no Prisoner, who knowingly and designedly, by false Pretence or Pretences, or under any fictitious Name or Names assumed for the Purpofe of obtaining Credit, shall have obtained from any Perfon or Perfons Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promiflory Notes or other Securities for Money, shall hare or receive any Benefit or Difcharge by or under this Aft; but on due Proof of such fraudulent Conduft as aforesaid, the Justices shall remand such Prisoner to the Cuftody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prifon from which he or (he shall nave been brought up to take the Benefit of this Aft ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; except where such Perfon shall have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Ten Years last past.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Truth of each of the Objeftions and Exceptions aforebid against the obtaining the Benefit of this Aft, shall be proved by the Tef-timony upon Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneflcs, besides the Teftimony upon Oath of the Perfon or Perfons mating such Objeftions, or other, legal Proof or Evidence admiffibk in a

AJD.iSii.

421

5 r GEO. III.	C.i25«

Court of Law: Provided always, that no Prisoner, who shall hate Provifoaito been remanded to Prifon under any A A heretofore puffed for the pnfc*,*r5 r« • Relief of Insolvent Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Mo- J£n u^eTany1" ney, Goods or Securities for Money on false Pretences, or for having inf,4vent A&, secretly or fraudulently removed Stock, Cattle or other Efsects, for fraudulently which were fubicft or liable to be detained for Rent, or who shall obtaining Mohave loft or forfeited the Benefit of any such former Aft, by having made any fraudulent Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Alignment, since his or her Imprifonment, to the Prejudice of his Creditor or Creditors, or who shall have fraudulently obtained a Difcharge under fueli former Aft, ut shall have taken a false Oath under such Aft,

shall have or receive any Benefit or Difcharge under this Aft, but shall be remanded to Prifon as aforesaid by the Justices before whom he or (he shall be brought up to take the Benefit of this Aft: Pro* Provifo* vided always, that such Objections or Exceptions were supported by such Proof or Evidence as is hereinbefore provided and directed to be made under this present Aft, and not otherwise; and that no Perfon shall be permitted to make the Objeftioas in this Aft mentioned against any Prisoner, except a detaining Creditor, or such Perfon or Perfons as have commenced their Aftion or Aftions against such Prisoner previous to the First Day of May last past, grounded on the Matters in the said Exceptions mentioned : Provided also, that an<* ** no Perfon charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Aftion	I”

for Criminal Conversion with the Wile of the Plaintiff in such Damage* reco-Aftion, or in Aftion for fedneing or carnally knowing the Daughter vered in Action or Female Servant of the Plaintiff, or in any Aftion for a malicious. forCriminalCon-Profecution, or in any Action for any other malicious Injury, (hall	be-

have any Benefit under this Aft, except only in cases where the Plaintiff in such Aftions respectively shall be dead, and no Perfon shall have obtained Probate of the Will or Letters of Adminiftratioo of the Effefts of such Plaintiff within Twelve Months after his De« cease; except where such Perfon shall have been confined in Prifon Exception, for the Space of Ten Years last past,

*	XXXVII. And whereas jnany Debtors for Rents of Lands,

' Meffuagea, Houfes and other Premises, have, with fraudulent * Intent to disappoint the Right of their respective Landlords, re-1 moved the Stock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods or other Effefts, which 1 were subject or liable to be di drained for tfie Satisfaftion of the

1 said Rents;’ Be it therefore enacted. That no Prisoner or Pri- and at to Perfons foners who in a secret, clandestine or fraudulent manner, shall have	Effe&j

removed or caused to be removed within Six Years, any such.Stock, ^ lubletobt Cattle, Furniture, Goods or Effefts of the Value of Thirty Pounds diflrained for or upwards, which were fubicft or liable to be distrained by their Kent, respective Landlord or Landlords for or in Payment of such Rent or Rents, whereby such Landlord or Landlords shall have loft all or some Part of the Rent or Rents due to him, her or them as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or under this Aft, but shall be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned; provided such Proof shall be made thereof as shall be satisfactory to the Justices before whom such Pri- '

. foner shall be brought up to take the Benefit of this Aft, except Exception, where such Perfon (nail have been confined iu Prifon for the Space of Ten Years last past.

*	XXXVIII. And whereas many Debtors have, with a View to 1 defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed or assigned their

E e 3	«	Eftate

4**

A.D.i8n

C* i zjt

518 GEO. III.

Exception.

* Eftate or Effect to feme Perfon or Perfons, fubfeqoent to their ** being in Cuftody of Law or iroprifoned under some Procefs of € Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Affigu-4 ment hath been * fraudulently made, to the Injury of his Creditor or Creditors, though it hath been difficult to convict the Party and at to Perfons * of a fraudulent Defign Be it enacted, That whenever it /hall be felling or affign- proved by One or more credible Witnefs or WhnefTes, that such ing fcflfetfstode- prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed or assigned to any Perfon or fiaud Creditor*. perfon8 al| or any Part of his Eftate or Effeds subsequent to tbc time of his lmprifonment, without just Caufe for so doing, to be determined by the Justices before whom such Prisoner /hall be brought up to take the Benefit of this Ad, every such Debtor fhali lose all the Benefits and Advantages that he might have other-wife claimed under the Authority of this Ad, and fhali be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned; and every such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Affignment is hereby declared null and void, except where such Perfon fhali have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Ten Years last past.

* XXXIX. And whereas many Prifoners squander and expend r great Part of their remaining Property by playing at Cards, Dice * or other unlawful Games, to the great Injury of their Creditors sod as to Peifbns Be it enacted, That nothing in this Ad fhali exterfd or be conflrucd loBng Money at	extend to discharge or release any Prisoner who hath or fhali bare

T'li7*	loft, in any one Day since the Date of his Commitment to Priion

for any Debt with which he flood charged on the First Day of Alaj last, tne Sum or Value of Twenty Pounds, or in the Whole since such Commitment as aforesaid, the Sum of Qne hundred Pounds in playing at or with Cards, Dice, Tables, Tennis, Bowls, Billiards or other Game or Games whatsoever, or in or by bearing a Share or Part in the §takc6, Wagers or Adventures, or in or by betting on the Sides or Hands of such as do play as aforesaid ; but on due Proof thereof, to the Satisfadion of the Justices afferabled at such Quarter-Seflion or Adjourned Seflion before which such Prisoner /hall be brought, it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required to remand such Prisoner to Gaol; any thing hereinbefore Exception. contained to the contrary notwithstanding, except where fnch Perfon shall have been conficed in Prifon for the Space of Ten Yean last past.

Gaolers not per- XL. And be it further enacted. That every Gaoler or Keeper mittingPrifoners Qf any Prifon fhali and is hereby required to suffer any Perfon or wWi*^orErrt Perfons desiring the fame to fee ana speak with in the Day-time, in Books of Pri- either in the Lodge or other convenient Room in the said Prifon, fem to be fcen. any Prisoner or Prifoners whose Names are inserted in the before mentioned Lift or Lifts, or the Lon Jon Gazette or other Newfpapers, in manner aforesaid, and also to fee in the true and genuine Books of the said Prifon the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prifoners, Debtor or Debtors, together with the Name Or Names of the Perfon or Perfons at whose Suit or Suits be, /he or they are or were detained; and if any such Keeper or Gaoler *	fhali rfcfufe or neglect to comply with what is hereby above required,

every such Gaoler or Keeper who fhali so offend in tqe Premifcs, /hall forfeit and pay to the Perfon so refused and aggrieved the Sum of Penalty.	Forty Pounds, to be recovered with Cofts of Suit by Aftion of

Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the Courts at Wefimhfter^

wherein

4*3

jxSGEO.HL	C. 125.

therein no Effoign, Protedion, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by ana in the Name or Names of the Perfons so refused and aggrieved.

XLI. And be it further enabled, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, Gaoler making or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Prifon or Prifons shall make Entr,e#* or cause to be made any false Entries in any Book or Books belong, sng to any Prifon or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be prepared or kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be made therein, or shall insert in any Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons who was or Were not in actual Cuftody as aforesaid (except as in the Oath of any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper shall be excepted) every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaolefr or Keeper shall, over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Faulty-Pounds, to be recovered with Treble Coils of Suit, by and in the Name and for the Ufe of any Perfon or Perions who shall be prejudiced by any such false Entry or Entries, which Penalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in anytof His Majesty’s Cpurts of Record at IVeJlminfter^ wherein no Effoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLIL And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor, being Debtor* refufijig thereunto required by any Creditor or Creditors, shall refuse to come to <KfcoverTr*de to the Lodge of the Prilon in which any such Prisoner shall be con- Abode of fined, or when come to such Lodge shall refuse to difqover and declare suit detained,0 * the Trade or Occupation and the lad Place of Abode or Habitation, excluded Benefit to the bed of his or her Knowledge or Belief, of the Perfon or of Ad ■ Perfons at whole Suit he or (he was detained or charged in Cuftody, without fbme reasonable Caufe being (hewn for such Refufal, every such Debtor, on Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter-Sefiion of the Peace or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, iliall not have or receive any Benefit or Difcharge by or under this Ad; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith(landing.

‘ XLI 11. And whereas the next General Quarter.Seflion of the * Peace for the County of Surrey, which shall happen after the 4 pading of this Ad, may be in the fart heft Part of the County,

4 and upwards of Twenty Miles from the Prifons where Debtors are ‘ confinedBe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That it shall and may be lawful for such Justices as shall be afiembled julice* for at the General Quarter-Seflion of the Peace to be holden for the Surrey may ad-County of Surrey, next after the palling of this Ad, and they are j°um Sefliou hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said Seflion to the Seflion Houre n\Htvfe" House in Horfemonger Lane, m the Pari(h of Newington, in the said mon*er a,,c* County, of Surrey, for the Purpofe of administering the Oaths required to be taken and fubferibed by this Ad by the several Gaolers within the said County, and for the Difcharge of Prifoners or other Debtors according to the Powers, Limitations and Diredions of this Ad; and it shall not be lawful for any Juftice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, to ifTue hi?? or their Warrant or Warrants for the bringing up of any Prisoner or Prifoners in order to his, her or their Difcharge under the Provilions of this Ad, at

E e 4	any

4*4

A.D.1811.

Justices for York and Lincoln may hold a Seffion ne*r to County GauL

Justices for Diftri& of Holland miy hold an .Adjourned Selfion.

Prifoners in Cuf-tody for Piifon Fees, diftharyed.

A£> not to ex-tend to Debtors of the Crown or such Offenders, uniefs Treasury cunicot.

C. 12J.	5i°GEO. III.

any Quarter-Seffion or Adjourned Seffion of the Peace, other that fitch as shall be holden at the Seffion Hoofe in Horfemonger Lane* in the Parifl) of Newington aforesaid.

*	XLlV. A id whereas there is but one Common or County

*	Gaol for each of the respective Counties of Tori or Lincoln* which

*	faid Counties are each of them divided into several Ridings or Di-

*	vi lions, all of which have several Commiffiona of the Pbace; and if € the Gaoler of these Gaols be obliged to carry the Debtors, Pii-

*	foners therein, to the Quarter-Seffion of such Riding or Divifioo,

*	the fame will be a very great Charge, not only to such Gaoler but 4 also to the Prifoners in these large Counties ;* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for Two or more Juft ices of the Peace for any of the Ridings or Divifions in the relpe&ive Counties, (or any other County or Counties where the Prifons are at a Diftatice from the Place where the Seffions are held) at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at any other Gaol or Gaols within the said Counties, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet and to hold Seffion there by Adjournment from their respective Quarter-Seffion, from time to time, for the Difcharge of the respective Priloners therein, according to the Powers, Limitation 8 and Directions of this Aft.

*	XLV. And whereas the DiftriCfc or Divifion of Holland in the

*	faid County of Lincoln, is distant near Forty Miles from the faid

*	County Gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expenfiw for the < Juft ices of the Peace acting for the said Division, to be obliged 4 to travel to the said Gaol, for the foie Purpofe of difehargiag

*	the Prifoners under the Powers by this A£t given Be it therefore enacted, That, for the several Purpofes aforesaid, the Justices for the said Divifion or Diftrict of Holland may adjourn their origins! Seffions to the County Gaol, or to some Place near thereunto; and k /hall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace a&iog either for the Parts of Lindfey* Kejleven or Holland* to hold such adjourned Seffion for the foie Purpofe of discharging such Prifoners, Notice of the Adjournment of such original Seffions being given by the Clerk of Seffions to such Justices, and who shall attend there to register the Proceedings of the said Court, so far as the fame relate to o. affeCt the Discharge of any Prisoner detained for Debt in the Divifion of Holland, and claiming the Benefit of this Aft.

XLVI. And be it fuither enacted, That all Debtors and others, who were in Prifon on or before the said First Day of May Ooe thousand eight hundred and eleven, in any of the Gaols of England and Wales* and now remain, for not paying their Fees, Rent or other Demands due or claimed as due to the Keeper or Keepers of any Prifon respectively, or to any other Officer of such Prifoo, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, (he or they taking the Oath by this Aft required to be taken by Prifoners.

XLVI I. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this A& shall not extend or be construed to extend to discharge any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this ACfc, with refpeCfc to any Debt or Penalty with which he or (he shall (land charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Perfon for any Offence committed again# any ACt or Ads of Parliament relative to His Majesty’s Revenues

o£

A.D.rSi i.

4*5

510 GEO. III.	C.	125.

of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other public Officer upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Perfon profeouted for any Offence committed against any A 6t or A tits of Parliament relative to His Majesty’s said Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Public Revenue, unless any Three of the Lords Commiffiooers of His Majesty’s Treasury for the time being fhail certify their Con-sent, under their Hands, to the said Justices at their said Seffion or Adjournment thereof, for the Difcharge of such Prisoner as iforefaid.

• XLVIII. And whereas under former Afts Creditors have been 1 put to great Expence and Trouble in attending every Seffion and 4 Adjournment, during the whole Continuance of this Aft (/?), to 4 oppose the Difcharge of Debtors clearly.excluded from any Benefit

*	under the said refpeftivc Afts, but who, after having been before

*	one Seffion and refused a Difcharge, gave frefti Notices for each 1 subsequent Seffion and Adjournment of their intended A pplicution 1 to be discharged, with the foie View of handling and fubjefting

*	to Inconvenience their Creditors To remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever, the Determination Determination of the Justices in Seffion or Adjournment shall be final of Justices final, to all Intents and Purposes, unless the Debtor fhail get rid of the uoleii^btor Objeftion or Objections for which they refused his Difcharge ; and wto Dii" that the fame may be dear and certain, the Justices are hereby charge, required to state the Objections why such Debtor's Difcharge is

refufed by them ; and in all cases whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at feme one subsequent Seffion within the Space of T welve Calendar Months after he fhail have been so remanded, upon Application of the Prisoner, and due Propf on Oath or otherwise to the Satisfaftion of the Justices in Seffion or Adjournment, of such Objeftion or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice served at lea ft Twenty Days previous to such Application on the Creditor or Creditors who before opposed his Difcharge, and of Notice likewise inserted in the London Gazette in manner before directed by this Aft, to. order such Prisoner to be brought before them, and if they shall then be of Opinion that the said Debtor is entitled to the Benefit of this Aft, to adjudge him or her to be entitled thereto, and, if a Prisoner, to order him or her to \?e dif-cbargtd, he or she taking the Oath, and in all other respects conforming to the Direftions of this Aft.	(a) [So in the Original

Jff.]

4 XLIX. And whereas it may happen that several Perfons who 1 may claim and be entitled to the Benefit of this Aft, are seised of 1 an Eftate Tail in some Freehold Lands, Tenements or Heredita-4 ments, which Entail, with the Remainders thereon expeftant, they 4 have by Law Power to defeat and b^r, either by levying a Fine 4 or Fines, suffering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries 4 whereby the said Freehold Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments 4 of such Plerfon or Perfons would be liable to the Payment of their 4 Debts, and be delivered up according to the Terms of this Aft,

4 for the Benefit of their Creditors ;* Be it therefore further enacted,

That in every such case such Perfon or Perfons so seised as afore- E(Kte* of which said, and who shall be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Aft, Prifoners are

6	(hall

AJ).i8n.

feifed in Tail, delivered up to Creditors.

Affiguees may

apply for further K Komi nation of Debtors to Two Justices.

C.125.	51°	GEO.	III.

/hall to all Intent3 and Purpofes whatsoever id Law be deemed aad taken, and is and are hereby declared to. be seised of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in Fee, and the fame shall be delivered up to such Creditor or Creditors of every fnch Prisoner in the fame manner as if such Perfon or Perfons had actually levied a Fine, fuf-fered a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries, and thereby had become seised in Fee; any Law or Conftruftion of Law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

* L. And whereas many Perfons who may be entitled to and claim

*	the Benefit of this Aft have been great .Dealers, or otherwise «* 4 gaged in large Tranfactions, whereby they may be entitled to foodry

*	and great Debts and Demands of various and intricate Natures, 4 and they may be entitled to £quities of Redemption of Eftatts

*	fubjeft and liable to Mortgages, Judgments or other Incumbrances,

*	or to Reversions, Remainders, or other contingent Dilates, Lands,

*	Tenements or Hereditaments, or to other Trufts or Interettsio

*	Eftates both Real and Perfonal, which may not be fuffieiently

*	defcribed or discovered in the Schedule or Inventory before direded

*	to be delivered in upon Oath by the Prisoner to be difcbarged as ‘ aforesaid, or which may want his Aid and Abidance to adjud,

*	make out, recover or manage for the Benefit of hi* Creditors;' Be

it therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and roty be lawful to and for the respective Affignees of the Edate and Effeds of such Debtor or Debtors who shall obtain his, her or their Dif. charge in pursuance of this Aft, or any other Perfon or Perfons duly authorized by them for that Purpose, from time to .time to apply to *ny Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty where such Debtor or Debtors M be then residing, thereby desiring that such Debtor or Debtors miy be further examined as to any Matters and Thingss relating to his, her or their Edate or EfFefts; whereupon such Judiees mall fend for or call before them such Debtor or Debtors by such Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means as they shall think fit, and upon such Debtor’s appearing, shall examine him, her or them, as well npoo Oath or otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Aflignee shall desire, relating to the Edate and EfFefts of such Debtor or Debtors; and if any Debtor or Debtors, on Payment or Tender of Payment of. such reasonable Charges as such Judiees (halljudge sufficient, shall neglect or refuse to come or appear, not hiring a lawful Excuse, allowed by such Judiees, or being come before them shall refuse £0 be fvvorn or to answer such Queftions as by such Justices shall be put to him, her or them relating to the Difcovery of his, her or their Edate or EfFefts so vetted or intended to be veiled in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of (a) such Affignees as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to apprehend such Debtor or Debtors so offending as aforesaid, and him, her or them to commit 10 the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such time as he, (he or they (bail fuhmit him, her . or themselves to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Queftions as shall by such Justices be put to him, her or them, for the Purpofes aforesaid.	la)	£$0	in	tb

Original

LI. Pro

l.D.i8ii

4*7

51* GEO* DL	C.t2$.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Fraudulent Dif-)ifcharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Aft, if it shall charges void, ereafter appear that the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that ny Part of the Oath taken by any such Debtor was not true, then nd in every such case every such Difcharge shall be void and of one Effeft.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Aflignee#, with t all times hereafter, for any Aflignee or Aflignees of the Eftate or Lffefts of any Debtor or Debtors, who shall be chosen in pursuance ^Creditors,U# >f this Aft, by and with the Confent of the major Part in Value of may compound he Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors who shall be present at a Debts and fuh-tfeeting to be bad on Twenty one Days* Notice being previously wit Deputes to *iven for the Purpofe hereafter mentioned, in the London Gazette, Arbitration, f the Debtor was in Cuftody in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if not, then also in some Newfpaper which shall be published in the County, City or Place in or near which such Per-fon or Perfons shall have been in Gaol, to make Compofitions with any Perfon or Perfons or Accountants to such Debtor or Debtors, where the fame shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to t&ke such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can upon any such Com-pofition be gotten, in full Difcharge of such Debts and Accounts ; and also to iubmit any Difference or Difpute between such Aflignee or Aflignees and any Perfon or Perfons for or on account or by reason of any Matter, Caufe or Thing relating to the Eftate and Effefts of such Debtor or Debtors ; and every such Aflignee or Aflignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premifes in pursuance of this Aft.

* LIII. And whereas Provifion ought to be made as to what ‘ should become of the Eftate and Effefts of any Debtor or Debtors

*	not got in, obtained or recovered by any Aflignee or Aflignees at 1 the Time of his or their Death or Deaths, and whose Heir or

*	Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns refuse to aft or

* meddle therein ;* To remedy which, be it enacted, That in all If Aflignees die, such cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of «h*r* ma> be every such Debtor or Debtors to chuse a new Aflignee or Aflignees, choiew*

and to obtain a new Aflignment from the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace pursuant to the Order of the Justices, and which said Order the laid Justices are hereby required and empowered to direct {on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of fnch former Aflignee or Aflignees, and Refufal of his or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns to aft or meddle therein) and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to all Orders and Direftions made by this Aft relative to them or any of them, and to be liable to all such Pains atad Penalties as are inflicted on them or any of them by this Aft for Difobedience in any Part thereof or Negleft of Duty whatever; and in case any such Aflignee or Aflignees shall die, aqd his Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns shall refuse co aft, that then and in such case it shall be ' lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Aflignee or Aflignees with like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Aft; and the said Justices shall have Power in a fuqimary way to oblige

A,D.i8n.

Coiirti on Complaint may re. move Ailignees.

In cases of mutual Credit Balance to be fated.

C.i25.	51*	GEO.	III.

the Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afilgns of such Aflir^ or Affignee* to account for and deliver up all such Eftate and li.T as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Fuiu of this Ad.

L1V. And, to the Intent and Purpofethat the Eftate and E£v.. of such Debtor or Debtors as shall he discharged by virtue of tr.i Ad, may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his her or their real Creditors, be it enacted by the Authority afcr.£a d. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the ref pee live Court'll Wcjlmnjlcry and the Courts of Great Seffions in IVale** and the Counties Palatine of Chcjlcry Laucajler and Durham respectively, from whence any Procefs issued upon which any such Debtor or Debtors was or were committed, or where the Procefs issued out of auv ofher Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, Com-mou Pleas and Exchequer, or of Great hellions, or Counties Palatine aforesaid, within their respective Jurifdidions, or aay one of them, from time to time upon the Petition of any such Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of . such Debtor, complaining of aay Insufficiency, Fraud or Mifcoudud of any Affignee or Affignecsof the Edate or Effeds of any such Debtor or Debtors, to Summon all Parties concerned, and upon hearing the Patties concerned therein to make and give such Orders and Diredions therein, either fur the Removal of such Afliguce or Ailignees, and appointingany new Aflignet 6r Ailignees in the Place of such Affignee or AfDgnees so to be removed, and for the prudent, just and equitable Management or Diftribution of the Etlate and Effeds of any such Debtor, for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit • and in case of the Removal of any Affignee or Affignces, and the appointing of any new Aiiignee or A flights, the Eftate and Effeds of such Debtor or Debtors shall from thenceforth be divested out of the Aiiignee or Ailignees so removed, and be veiled in and delivered over to such new Affignee or Ailignees, in the fame manner and for the fame Intents and Purpofes as the fame were before veiled in the Aiiignee or Ailignees ilrft chosen ; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithllanding.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cafei where mutual Credit hath been given between any Debtor who Hull be discharged in purfuauce of this Ad and any other Ferfon or Perfons, or Bodies Corporate or Politick, before the Delivery of inch Schedule or Inventory of the Eftate and Effeds of such Debtor or Debtors upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Aiiignee or Ailignees of such Debtor or Debtors is and are hereby authorized and required on his and their Parts to state and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be veiled in such Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of thp Peace, or such. Affignee or Ailignees as aforesaid, as the Eftate or Effeds of such Debtor or Debtors than what shall appear to be juftiy due to him, her or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Accounts when truly dated.

* LVI. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been < and are now imprisoned for Debt upon Procefles issuing out of ‘ Courts of Conscience ;* it is hereby enacted and declarrd, That all

fuch

A.D.1811.	5i®GEO.	III.	C.12J.

Tuch Prifoners shall be entitled to have the Benefit of this Alt, and be discharged under the fame, provided be, flic and they conform to the Directions hereinbefore preferibed, touching other Prifoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this ACt; and the Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, of all and every Gaol, Prifon or other Place of Confinement, in which any Ferfon or Perfons are confined, or charged in Execution with Debts under Procefs or Procefles issuing out of or from such Courts of Conscience, are hereby required to make out and deliver to the Justices aflVmbled at the next Quarter-Seflion or Adjourned fie (lion of the Peace, a true Lift or Lifts of the Prifoners in their Cuftody so confined or charged in Execution, in like manner as the Gaolers or Keepers of other Prifons are directed by this ACt.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein by this Act an Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Perfon being a Quaker shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Perfon making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and selfe Affirmation, shall incur and suffer such and the fame Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this ACt upon Perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

* LVII I. And whereas Debtors are frequently, to the Injury of ' themselves and their Creditors, remanded back to Prifon on account 4 of mere Errors or Omiffions in point of Foun relating to their 1 Notices or the making out of their Schedules, or other Proceed-4 ings directed by this ACt ;9 it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices assembled at such Quarter-Sefiion or Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, to amend such Matters of Form or to supply such Omissions, or to correCt such Errors in the said Notices, Schedules or other Proceedings directed by this ACt, as shall appear to the said Justices to have arisen from Ignorance or Miftake of the Parties, without remanding back the (aid Prisoner or Prifoners; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary nolwithttanding.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases whatsoever the Insolvent, upon his releasing any Intereft he or (he may have in the Refidttum of his or her Estate, shall and may be admitted as a good and sufficient Witnefs in any ACtion or Caufe to be instituted by his or her Aflignee or Aflignees for the Recovery of any Debts due to the said Insolvent, in the fame manner as a Bankrupt may after obtaining his Certificate.

LX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained frail be deemed or taken to discharge the future Eftate or EffeCts, Real or Perfonal, of any Perfon or Perfons discharged under this A6t, whether such Perfon or Perfons shall or shall not have been charged in Execution of or from the Payment of any Debts, Damages, Cofts, Sum or Sums of Money due, owing or deniandable from any fpeh Perfon or Perfons, or in respect of which any such Perfon or Perfons was or were m Cuftody ; and all and every Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive or be .paid any such Debt, Damages, Cofts, Sum or Sums of Money, shall have all such and the like Remedies in Law or Equity against such future Eftate and EffeCts, other than and except the necessary Apparel and Bedding of such Perfon or Perfons ami their Family, aud the necessary Tools

for

429

• Perfom impri-Toned by Courts of Confcricnce entitled to Benefit of Aft.

Li lb to be returned of them to Seffi n.

Affirmation of Quakers taken.

Justices may amend Notices and Schedules in Matters ofFonn.

Insolvent, on re-leafing bis Interect, a good Wiuiefs.

Future Eftatesof Debtors dil-chaigcd under tliis Aft liable.

43<> .

AJXiSu.

What Perfons not entitled to Relief.

JBanlcrupts, how far availed by thil Ad.

Notices of such U.m»:ruf t. rtjii-

li’i'.tl)

C. 125.	51*	GEO.	IIL

for bis, her or their Trade and Occupation, not exceeding the Value of Forty Pounds, but not against the Perfon of the Party for Pay. ment thereof, as he, she or they might have had if this Ad had not been made; and in any case in which the Payment or Recovery of such Demands or Sums of Money could, before the passing of this Ad, have been enforced only by Commitment, either on the Ground of Contempt or otherwise, of the Perfons liable thereto, the Party interested therein shall be and is hereby enabled to sue the Perfoe or Perfons who ought to have paid the fame for what shall remain unsatisfied thereof, in like manner as if the Sum remaining unfatkted had been Money lent and advanced by or Money had and received for the Ufe of the Perfon having such Demand, but shall be entitled to recover or have Execution out of or against such future Eftatcs and Effeds only, and shall not be entitled to arrest or take in Execution the Party again (I whom such Demand shall be enforced.

LX1. Provided always, and be it further eoacted, That no Perfoa who shall have taken the Benefit of any Ad heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, within the Space of Five Years last past, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Ad, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof so as to be discharged under the fame; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further ena&cd, That no Pii-foner again ft whom any Commiffion of Bankrupt shall have ifTued and shall remain in force, and who shall not have obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupu under such Commiilion duly allowed, shall be discharged by virtne of this Ad from any Debt which shall have been or may be proved under such Commission, unless such Commiffion shall have ifiotd, and such Bankrupt shall have duly surrendered himself or herself to the Commilfioners, or the major Part of them named in the fud Commission, Two Years at the lead before the passing of this Ad, and shall in all things have duly conformed himself or herself to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts; and unless the major Fait of the Commilfioners named in such Commiffion shall specially certify, which they are hereby authorized to do if they shall think fit, that such Bankrupt has (o duly conformed, and has in their Opinion made a full and fair Difclofure of all Ids Or her Eftate or Efsects, and in all things conducted himself or herself properly under such Commiilion; and in all such cases such Bankrupt shall be capable of being discharged in respect of all Debts which cannot be proved under such Commission, in the fame manner and upon the fame Terms as any other Prisoner may be discharged by virtue of this Aand shall and may be discharged as to perlonal Arreft for Debt in respect of all Debts proved or capable of being proved under such Com-miffion ; but nevertheless such Bankrupt, and his or her Effeds, shall in all other respects whatsoever remain fubied to the Daws in force concerning Bankrupts* as he or (he would have been if this Ad had not been made.

LXII I. Provided always, That in the Notices to be given by such Bankrupt, and the Oath to be taken by him or her arcordiag to the Provifions of this Ad, such Bankrupt shall be described as a Perfoa against whom a Commiffion of Bankrupt baa issued and is

Rill

A.D.i8u.

510 GEO* III.	€.125,126.	43?

Hll in force, stnd who has not obtained a Certificate of his or her ponformity to the Statutes concerning Bankrupts duly allowed ; and uch Bankrupt, instead of {wearing to the Truth of a Schedule of sis or her Eitate or Effe&s, shall {wear that he or the has made a Full Difclofure of his or her Effe&s under the said Commifiion, and that he or she has no Eftate or Effefts which can be veiled in an Affignee under this A&, all the Eilate and Efte&s of such Bankrupt k>eing veiled in the Affignee or ABignees under such Commiflion by virtue of such Commission, and the Alignment made in pursuance thereof.	*

LXIV. Provided always. That iu case such Commifiion shall at When Commif-any time thereafter be superseded, then and in such case the Dif- h superseded, charge which shall be obtained by virtue of this Ad shall be null and ®*frhar8i voW# void.

[«SV* as to Ireland, c. 123. ante.]

c apn cxxvi.

An A£t to extend an Ad majde in the Eighteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the Laws touching the Ele&ions of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for England, respecting the Expences of Huftings and Poll Clerks, so far as regards the City of Westminster.	[9 th	July 1811.]

*	TTTHEREAS by an A& parted in the Eighteenth Year of the 18G.S. c.if.

4 W Reign of Hia late Majesty King George the Second, inti-

4 tuled, jin jt8 to explain and amend the Laws* touching the EleSions 4 of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of the ‘ United Kingdom called England, it is, amongst other things, pro- $ 7*

4 vided, that the Expences of eroding Booths and of engaging Poll 4 Clerks, should be borne and defrayed by the respective Candidate 4 or Candidates at such Eledions, in the cases and in manner as in 4 the fame Ad are more particularly mentioned and provided for:

4 And whereas the Right of Ele&ion of Citizens to serve in Par-4 liament for the City and Liberty of Wcjlminfler, is, by the last 4 Determination of the House of Commons, of the Nineteenth 4 Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety tive, de-4 dared to be in the Inhabitants Householders, paying Scot and 4 Lot, of the United Parifhes of Saint Margaret and Saint John,

4 and of the several Parifhes of Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint 4 Anne, Saint James, Saint George Hanover Square, Saint Martin.

4 in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand,

4 (including so much and such Parts of the said Parifhes of Saint 4 Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand,

4 as are within the Liberties, Diflrids, Limits or Jurifdidions of 4 the Duchy of Lancajlcr) and of the Liberty or Dillrid of Saint 4 Martin le Grand, in the County of Middlesex, and of the Precin6t 4 of The Savoy : And whereas the Number of Perfons entitled to 4 vote under and by virtue of such last Determination, is very con-

*	fiderable, and far exceeding in Number the Voters in many of the 4 Counties of the Kingdom5 and there is no convenient public Build-‘ mg within the said City, wherein to hold the Elcdion, and to

4 take

Booth erefled at Expence of Candidates.

Foil Clciks appointed by Bailiff at Expence of Candidates.

Cheque Book for every Foil Book.

Bjiliff offending, prolecuted.

C. 126,	51*	GEO.	III.	AJD.1811,

4 take a Poll in Writing of the Ele&ora, in the Etent of the feme 4 being legally demanded : And whereat by realba of the Populoaf-

*	nefs of the said City, the taking of a Poll in Writiog is attended 4 hTith conliderable Ex pence, from the Number of Clerks neceffarily

•	employed therein : And whereas Controverfiea having of late arisen,

,4 as to the Payment of the Expcnces attending the building of a

4 convenient Booth or Hnstings, heretofore usually erected tor the 4 holding of such Election, and of the Expences attending the Ghrks 4 employed in the taking of a Poll, when demanded, it has been 4 deemed expedient, tinder the Circumftances aforesaid, to make foot 4 certain Provilion for defraying such nrceffary Expences by «• 4 tending the Directions and Provifious of the laid A& in that Be. «- half to the Ele&ion of Citizens to serve io Parliament for the City 4 and Liberty of Wefimlnfier: Now, to the Intent that a Slop nay 4 in future be put to such Controverfies as aforesaid, and the ill 4 Confeqiu-ncea of the fame, and for maintaining good Order and 4 Uniformity of Proceedings within that populous City and Bo-4 rough, which is of great Confequence to the whole Kingdom;’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majdty, by and with the Advice* and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prclent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That at all times from and after the paiTnig of this A&, upon every Ele&ion of a Citizen or Citizens to lerve for the said City of Wefttninjler in Parliament, the Beiliss, or ia his Abfence his sufficient Deputy, shall appoint, make or erett, or caufeto be appointed, made or erected at the Expence of the Candidate or Candictates, a convenient Booth or Place for holding the Ele&ion ; and the said Bailiff or Deputy fhail, in case of a Pod being demanded by any of the Candictates, or any Two or more of the Ele&ors, appoint a convenient Number of Clerks, not exceeding in the Whole the Number of Twenty fix, to take the Poll (which said Clerks shall be at the Expeoce of the Candidates as aforefrid, and be paid not exceeding One Guinea per Day each Clerk!; ind the said Bailiff or Deputy shall also make out a Ltd of the ferenl Parifhes, Diftri&s or Divisions, (not exceeding Eleven in Number in the Whole) into which the said Booth or Polling Places shall be apportioned or allotted, and shall upon Requeft made deliver a true Copy thereof to any of the Candidates or their Agents who shall desire the fame, taking for each of the said Copies the Sum of Two Shillings, and no more.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Bailiss, or in his Abfence, his sufficient Deputy, shall, at every such Ele&ion, allow a Cheque Book for every Poll Book for each Candictate, to be kept by their respective Infpe&ors, at the Place where the Poll for such Election shall be taken or carried on*

III.	And be it further enacted. That in case any such Bsiliff or his Deputy a3 aforesaid shall wilfully offend again it or a& contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&, such Bailiff or Deputy fhnll be liable to be prosecuted, by Information or Indi&reent, in His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench at Wefmtnjler, in which no Noli Profeqtti or Cejfct Procejfus shall be granted; anv Law, Cuftocn or Ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

IV.	And

A.DiiSn.

514 6£6. ill.	c.	126,127.	433

IV.	Atld bfc ii further eftacted,' That it dial! arid may be fuflicient Proceeding* in Fdr the PkrfntHF, in any Adion of Debt given by this Ad, t6 fet cafeof offenca forth in the Declaration or Bill* that the Defendant is indebted to a8ainft

him in the Sum of . lt	, arid to

aliedge the particular Offence for which the Adiort or Suit is brought* dim that the Defendant hath acted contrary to this Ad, without mentioning the Writ olf Summons to Parliament, the Precept thereon, or the Return thereto; and it shall be fufiicietit in ally Indictment or Information for any OffenCe committed contrary to this ACt, tp aiiedge the particular Offence charged upon the Defendant* and that tile Defendant is guilty thefeof, without mentioning the Writ of Summons to Parliament,' the Precept thereon, or tbfe Return thereto* and upon Trial of *fly I flue in any fufch Action,

Suit, Jndi&ment or Information, the Plaintiff, Profceutdr or Iitfotmer shall not be obliged to prove the Writ of Summons to Parliament, the Precept thereon* or the Return thereto, or any Warrant or Authority to the Bailiss, grounded upon any fudh Writ of Summons.

V.	Provided always. That every Adion, Suit, Indictment dr Limitation of Information given by this Ad (hall’ be commenced within the Space A^JOO*‘

of Six Calendar Months after the Fad Upon which the fame is grounded shall have been committed.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That all the Statutes of Jeofails Statute* of J**. and Amendments of the Law whatsoever shall and mat be construed j^0*AC*Xtend* to extend to all Proceedings its any Adidn, Suit, Indidment or In- co formation, given or allowed by this Ad, or which shall be brought

in pursuance thereof.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in c&fe Treble Cod* the Plaintiff or Informer in any Adion, Suit, Indidment or Information given by this Ad, shall discontinue the fame or be non-

suited, or Judgment be otherwise given against him, then and in any of the said cases the Defendant again (I whom such Ad ion. Suit or Information shall have been brought, shall recover his Treble Cofte.

VIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all ahd every Former Adsia the Clauses, Powers, Diredions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures force, mentioned and contained in the several Ads made and now in force, concerning Eledions for Cities and Boroughs not herein or hereby fpccifically altered or otherwise provided for, (hrtll be construed as

heretofore to extend to the City and Liberty of Wejlminfler, in the fame manner as if the fame and every of them were feverauy repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this present Ad $ any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife ndtwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall continue and Continuance cf be in force from the palling thereof until the First Day of Augufl

One tlioufand eight hundred and thirteen.

CAP. CXXVIL An Aft fot making more effectual Provifion for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the Realm from being paid or accepted fot a greater Value than the current Value of such Coin : for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and Couipany of the Bank of England from being received for aijy smaller Sum than the Sum therein specified, and 51 Geo. III.	F f	for

Current Gold Coin received or paid for more than the true'* Value.

Misdemeanor.

Notes of Bank not received or paid for less than Amount ex-fretted.

Mifderaeanor.

Proceediiijs by Diilrels, &c. flayed in case Payment it tendered in Notes of the Bank of England, 5lC.

Provifi'.

Pro. i lb.

C.127.	5i°GEO.	III.	A.D.i%u.

for (laying Proceedings upon any Diftrefs by Tender of Inch Notes.	[24th July 1811.]

*	TTTHEREAS it is expedient to enact as is hereinafter pro-

*	W vided :* Be it cna&ed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTetxibkd, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, no Perfon shall receive or pay for any Gold Coin lawtnllj current within the Realm, any more in Value, Benefit, Profit or Advantage, than the true lawful Value of such Coin, whether fndi Value, Benefit, Profit or Advantage, be paid, made or taken ia lawful Money, or in any Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of the Governor and Company of tne Bank of England, or in any Silver Token or Tokens ifTiied by the said Governor and Company, or by any or all of the said means wholly or partly, or by any other means, Device, Shift or Contrivance whatsoever; and every Perfon who shall offend herein shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mif-demeanor.

II. And be it farther enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Perfon shall by any Means, Device, Shift or Contrivance whatsoever, receive or pay any Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for less thaa the Amount of lawful Money ex pressed therein, and to be thereby made payable, except only lawful Difcount on such Note or Bui as shall not be expressed to be payable on Demand; and every Perfon who shall offend herein shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor.

ILI. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid. That is case any Perfon shall proceed by Diftrefs or Poinding to recover from any Tenant or other Perfon liable to such Diftrrts or Poinding, any Rent or Sum of Money due from such Tenant or other Perfon, it shall be lawful for such Tenant or other Perfon, in every such case to tender Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, expressed to be payable on Demand, to the Amount of fuen Rent or Sum so due, either alone or together with a fuffi-cient Sum of lawful Money, to the* Perfon on whose Behalf such Diftrefs or Poinding is made, or to the Officer or Perfon making such Diftrefs or Poinding on his Behalf5 and in case such Tender shall be accepted, or in case such Tender shall be made and reftrfed, the Goods taken in fucli Diftrefs or Poinding shall be forthwith returned to the Party distrained upon, or againll whom such Poinding shall have been used, unless the Party diltraining or poinding and refuting to accept such Tender shall infill that a greater Sam i« due than the Sum so tendered, and in such case the Parties shall proceed as usual in such Cafes ; but if it shall appear that no more was due than the Sum so tendered, then the Party who tendered such Sum shall be entitled to the Colls of all fubfecpicnt Proceedings: Provided always, that the Perfon to whom iuch Rent or Sum of Money is due shall have and be entitled to all such other Remedies for the Recovery thereof, exclusive of Diftrefs or Poinding, as such Perfon had or was entitled to at the time of making such Diftrefs or Poinding, if such Perfon shall not think proper to accept such Tender so made as aforesaid : Provided also, that nothing herein . 14	contained

\.D. i8ii.

435

51° GEO. m.

C.i*7,128.

ontained shall affect the Right of any Tenant, or other such Per-an as aforesaid having Right to replevy or recover the Goods so aken in Diftrefs or Poinding, in case, without making such Tender s aforesaid, he shall so think fit.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Perfon who Offences in Scot* iall commit in Scotland any Offence again ft this Aft, which by the hnd.

Vovifions thereof is constituted a Mifderoeanor, shall be liable to be

unifoed by Fine and Imprifonment, or by one or the other of the aid P uni foments as the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender tiall be tried and convicted may direct. '

V.	Provided always, That nothing in this Aft contained shall Ireland, xtend to Ireland\

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Aft Continuance of Kail continue and be in force to and until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and no longer.

c a p. cxxvm.

Vn Aft: to explain an Aft pafied in this present SefiioQ of Parliament, intituled, An Aft to permit the Interchange of the British and Irilh Militias respectively.	[24th July 1811.]

WHEREAS *an Aft passed in the present Sefiion of Parlia- 51 G. 3. c. 20.

ment, intituled, An A3 to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain to enlijl annually into the Regular Forces ; and to provide for the gradual ReduSion of the fa\d Militia, whereby it was, amongst other things, enacted, that the Allow- § 20. ance to Wives and Families of Militia Men enrolled after the said Aft should be confined to the Wives and Families of ballotted Men only: And whereas an Aft passed in the present Seflion of Parlia- 51G. 3. c. xxff% ment, intituled, An A3 to permit the Interchange of the Britifo and Irilh Militias respectively : And whereas Doubts have arisen as to whether Subftitutes and Volunteers enrolled before the palling of the said first recited Aft, and whose Wives and Families are or may be entitled to Allowances, would, after volunteering to serve under the said last recited Aft in Irelandt continue to be entitled. to claim such Allowances for their Wives and Families, and it is expedient that such Doubts foould be removedMay it therefore )Ieafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by he King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Tonfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in his present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That nothing in the said last recited Aft of this Seflion of Parliament Volunteering to :ontained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive any Men lerve Ireland enrolled in the Militia, or the Wives or Families of any Men enrolled dfPrivc n the Militia before the palling of the said first recited Aft, of arty FainHies,frorn°r 21aim to demand, have and receive the Allowances and Provifions receiving efta-:o which they are or may be entitled under the Afts relating to the bliihed Allow-Militia, by reason of any such Men volunteering to serve in Ireland; syces and Pro-iny thing in the (aid recited Aft contained to the contrary notwitli- .vlfion#* landing.

Ff 2

LOCAL

43*

C*	«•

.1, 11,111.

$i°e$E0.nn



}•».}. c.79.

17 C.a. c.43. f G.3. c.5*.

31 G.3. c.134. .repealed.

aoG. 1. c 13. S G. 3. c. 42.

, 29G.3. t. So.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N. B •—The Continuance offid of the following ABs as are temper ary will hr known (where it is not expressly fated) By referral to the following Lift, according to the corresponding Letur in the Title.

(a) For 21 Tears, &c. [1. e. to the End of the next Se/fion^fiom a Day named m tie AS.

(b\ For 2 L Tears, £jT*. from the pa$ng of the AS.

(fj For 21 Tears, (tie. afttt the End ofthe Tern* tinder firmer ABs.	k

All ABs in this LiJI, not HJRtigAJbei fy the Letterx (q.F.) art FvBtlCK Acts 5 to each of which h assnetied a Claufi a the Form following s

« And be it further enacted, That this A£fc fiiall be deemed u and taken to be » PubHck Ad, and ftntt be judicially taken <* Notice of as such by all Judges, J offices and others, without «• being fpeciatty pleaded/*

(q.P.) Quad PuMfck Adls, t. e. ABs to each of which is annated

a Claofe fa the Form following :

u And be it further etiacted, That this A€t fliaH be printed * by the Pointer t6 the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, and a u Copy thereof, Co printed, fhaU be admitted as Evidence thereof •* by all Jadges, Justices and others.**

Cap. l.

An Adi for enlarging the Powers of an Adi of His present Majesty for rebuilding the Parifh Church of Eafi Grinjleats, in the County of Sujen.	£8 th March 1811.j

Cap. ii.

An Adi for more efPedlually repairing the Road from the Seffion House in the Town of Buckingham, to Hanwell, in the County of Oxford. (a)	[22d March 1811.]

[.Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. iii.

An Adi to continue the Term and enhtrge the Powers of Three Acts of the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty, and the Eighth and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea to the City of Durham. (c)	[22d	March 1811.}	1

[Additional Trujlees.	Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls grouted.] I

13	Cap.



srGW.iw

C* iv—*iu

4J7

n Ad ibr enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His 9 G 3- c. 79* present Majesty, tor repairing and widening the Road from Beverley G. 3. c 1x7. to the Ferry at Hejsle, and from $b« Malton Guide Pod to the Gravel Pit at Cotttngham, in the County of Tori, (r)

£22d March 181 i.j

flap* v.

n Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of /an Ad of His present *9 G. 3. c. 89. Majesty, for repairing the Road from 0 diham, in the County of Soutkanp(9m9 to JFarnham, in the County of Surrey, (c)

[22d March 1811.]

Former Totts to eenfe% and now Toils granted* Additional Tabs on

Sunday*"]

Cap. vi.

in Ad for continuing and amending an Ad of His present Majesty* 29 G. 3. c. 81. for repairing the Road from Bjfoep Wear mouth to Norton, in the County of Ahnrbam. {a)	[*ad	March	1811.]

Cap. via.

in Ad for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Raagemrorthy, in the Parifli of Tbonkury, in the County of Gloucefler• (q, P.)

[23d March 181 x ]

Cap. viii,

Vn Ad for lighting, watching and improving the Streets and other* public Paflagts within the Town of Warey in the County of Hertford^	[25th	March	1811. ]

Cap. ix.

\n Ad for better paving, lighting, cleaning, watching and other wife improving the Town of Bury Saint Edmund*>, in the County of Suffolk,	[4th April 181 j/J

Cap*x.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and powers of Two Ads of His 10 G. 3. c. 6$. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bridge on the *9 G« 3- c. 94-Old River at Barton to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk. (r)	[4th April 1811.j

\ Additional Trufteesf Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xi.

An Ad for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon 41 G. 3. (UX) Canal to raise Money* to complete the (aid Canal and Works 5 c.cxw'h. and for amending the former Ads passed relative thereto.	48 G. 3. c.*/*.

* [80,000/. 3	[4th	April	1811.]

Cap. xii.

An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and amending the 3a o 3. c. 156. Powers of Two Ada of His present Majeity, for repairing the 41 0.3. (UK.) Road from Golden Grove Park to the Turnpike Road leading from c*v< the new Bridge to the Lime Kilns y and other Roads in the laid

F f 3	Ads

1

438

C; xii— xhr.



3$ G. 3.0.14*.

34 G. l. c. 25.

10 G. 3. c. 85. 31 G.3 C.Z12.

10 G. 3. c. 86. 31 G. 3> c. 113.

31G. 3. c 107. 31 G 3 o. no, 39 0.3 c. xlv.

$1® GEO. in.

Adis mentioned, in the County of Carmarthen ; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate with the Cud Roads, (ii)	[4th April 1811.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on

Sunday.J

Cap. xiii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term#and Powers of an Ad of His pre-fent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hide Park Career to Counter9s Bridge, and certain other Roads in the County of Mid-dlefex.	[4th April l8ll.J

[* For 14 Tears, CsV.}

[Former Tolls to ceafer and new Tolls granted. Collectors of Sendai Tolls under 5 G. 3. c. 13. and 50 G. 3. c. xxviii. to cause their Cbrij-tian and Surnames with the IVords “ Sunday Toll” to be paisited on a Board, and hung up in Front of Toll Houfe

Cap. xiv.

An Ad for altering gnd enlarging the Powers of so much of an AS of His late Majesty, for making a Road for the Paftage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carlijle to the Town of Newaspie upon Tyne, as relates to the County of Cumberlandr.

[4th April 1811.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap xv.

An Ad for widening and improving the Street called the Nethergaie, in the Burgh of Dundee, in the County of Forfar.

[4th April 182x-3

Cap. xvi.

An Ad to enlarge.the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefen t Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the South Gate of ICing’s Lynn, into the Parifhes of East Walton, Narborough, Stake Ferry ana Downham Marketx in the County of Norfolk, (e)

[4th April 1811

Cap. xvii.

An Ad to enlarge the 'ferm and Powers of Two Ads of His prr-fent Majesty, tor repairing the Roads from the East Gate of Alags Lynn, to the North End of Babingley Lane, and to extend the Road from thence to Darftngham, in the County of Norfolk. (c)

[4th April 1811.]

Cap. xviii.

An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Ads for making and repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads and E ridges therein mentioned, (b)	[4th April 1811.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. J

Cap. xix.

An Ad for repairing the Road leading from Shankhill in the County of Kilkenny, to the City of Waterford, (a) [4th April 1811. j

*	*	Cap.

A.D. 18r r.	51° GEO. IIL	C. xx—xxviH.

Cap. xx.

An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of Three Ads of His 31 G. 3 present Majesty, for making and repairing the Roads from the New 35 G- 3-Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties 3® G-3* of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by the Town of Bathgate to Bail-lie/lon, in tne County of Lanark, and several other Roads mentioned in the said Ads.	[4th	April 1811.]

[.Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. /'or Term under former

Ads.]

Cap. xxi.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Whiclham, in the County of Durham. (q. r.)	[4th	April 181 i.J

*	Cap.	xxii.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Barnham Broom, and Parifh or Hamlet oi Bickerjlone, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.)

[4th April 1811.]

Cap. xxiii.	,

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Finchley, in the County of M'tddlefex. (q. P.)	[4th	April 1811.J

“Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. $ 27.

Cap. xxiv.

An Ad for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Townfhipsof Lune, Hoi wick and Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of Tori, (q P.)	[4th	April 1811.}

Cap. xxv.

An Ad for inclosing certain Lands in the Hamlets of Chadlington Wejl, Chadlington East and Chilfon, in the Parifh of Charlburyf in the County of Oxford. (q .P.)	[4th	April 1811.]

u Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § 26.29.

Cap. xxvi.

An Ad fbr inclosing Lands in the Parifh of By Well Saint Peter, in the County of Northumberland, (q P.)	[4th	April 1811.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Ad to continue and amend an Ad of His present Majrfly, for 34 G. 3. repairing the Road from Norwich to Ayljbam, in the County of Norfolk ; and to make and maintain the Road from Ayljham to Cromer, and Part of the Road leading towards Wolterton, branching off from the Cromer Road, to the Eagle Inn in Erpingham, in the said County. (0)	[11th	April 1811.]

[Additional Trufleesm Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. ]

Cap. xxviij.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers.of an Ad of His prq- 30 G.3. sent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dudley to the New Inn, Patlmgham, and alio the Road from Shut End, to join the IVoL

F f 4	verhampton

439

C. ISO. c.150.

C. XXXV u

MI4*

C. 102.

C. xxviii—xxxvi.

A.D.1811.

440

5l*GECMII.

verhampton Turnpike Road, in the Counties of IVorcejler, Stafford

[nth April 1811.]

m£/0fi and Salop, (h)

[AdduionalJ'ruftect* Former Tolls to cease, and neap Tolls grated. Doullc Tolls on Sunday .j

xo Gw 1. c. 9. x6 G. a. c. 19. 9 <;. 3. c.63. a; G.3. c.69.

Cqp. x^ix.

An A fit for enlarging the Term and Power* qf feyeral Afils for repairing the Road trofn itarlo*v BuJfb Common, in the Paridi of Her low, to Woodford, in the County Qf EJsex, and the Road from Epping, through the Parifhes of Jlorthwcald, Bajfctt, B Ming worth, Ongar, Chipping Ongar and Shelley, to the Four Want Win, in the Parifh of Shelley, and from thence through the Parifhes of High Ongar and fforton Jrfandevilk, to the Parifh of Writtle\ in the laid County, (r)	[1	ith	April	1811.]

\Ne<w Truflees, Additional Tolls.]

Cap, xxx.

An Afil for inclosing Lands in the Pari (he* of ffatfield, Thorne and Fifilrfe, in the Manor of Haitefeld, in the Well Riding of the County or Fork* (q P.)	[nth	^r»/i8u.j

" Allotment and Cpmpenlation for Tithes. § 26.

Cap. xxxi.

An A fit for amending the Road from Barton Bridge into the Ms* chejler and Altrincham Turnpike Road; and alto a Branch therefrom, into the said Turnpike Road $ all in the County of La* easter. \h) '	[6th	May	iBil.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Afit for better aflefling and coUefitiog the Poor v*d other Run in the Parifh of Chrm Church in the County of Surrey; for better regulating the Poor thereof; and for cleansing, watching, lighting and other wife improving the Streets* Lints and #her Public Paflages and Places in the said Pariihi and for other Put-pofes relating thereto.	[6th	May	l8n.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Afit for erefiting and maintaining a Harbour, and Works con? nefited therewith, at Duntpre, in the County of

[6th May 1811.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Afit for paving, lighting and cleaning the City of Perth, and for maintaining Police and good Order within the said City.

[6th May j8ii ]

Cap. xxxv.

An Ad for widening, paving, improving and keeping in Repair the Streets, Lanes and other Paflages in the Royal Burgh of Kiri caldy, in the County of Fife, for the better supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water; and^ for other Purpofes or Utility to the* said Burgh.	[6th	May	1811.]

Cap. xxxvi.

*6 0-3« h) An Afil to amend an Afit made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the c,14#	Twenty	fixth	Year	of	His	prefent	Majefty,	for	making	and	repair-

ing

AJXi8n*

54* QRQ. HI,	C.xxxvi—xlliu	441

ing Public Rends in the County of Dublin, with refoeA to the Roads within those Parts of the Baronies of Uppercrojs and New-cable, which are situate 9n the South £3!1 Side of the gregt Turnpike Road leading from Dublin to Cork, by Huibcoofe and Nqas,

P	[6th	May 1811.J

Cap. xjcx^ii.

An AA .for continuing fcyeral AA» for laying a Duty of Two Pen* 3 G.|.r.6« nies Scqts, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, op every Pint 10 O.a. c. 7. of AJe, Beer or Porter, that mpll be vended or fold within the * c‘

Town of JXunrfrici and Privileges thewf. (6)

[6th May 1B11.]

Cap, xxxviii.

An AA for building and maintaining a Bridge over the Water of Doon, which runs between the Parijhes of Ayr and Maybole, in the County of Ayr.	[£th May j8j i.J

“ Tnifteps under 45 G. 3. c, xxviii. to bp Trustees for building Bridge

w qqder thjs AA- To continue during 4$ G. 5.

Cap. xxxix.

An AA for building a Bridge over the River Nortbejk near the Village of Af$ryi<ri, in the County of Kincardine«

[6tb May ;8u.]

Cap. xl.

An AA for mpre effeAually repairing certain Roads in the County o. 3. c. 149. of Berwieb, and for building a Bridge over the River IVhit adder, as to Roads in the hud County. (£)	[6th	May 1811.] aiuhorh«i^to^be

Cap. xl*

An A A to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Two AAs 17 O 3* of His present bfojefty, for repairiug the Road leading from Ber- 45 G.3. c.Ku wick upqn Tweed, by Ay ton Bridge, to Dunglas Bridge J and the Roads from Billie Caujeway and Prejlon Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Coctburnfpalb Tower, in the County of Berwick, (b)	[6th	May 181 x-J

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. J

Cap. xlii.

An A A for enlarging the Term and Powers of several AAs of His 4* G.3.C.A present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Roads communi- 44 G* 3. c. xsxviu eating yrith the IVeJl India and Eafl India Docks, and for repair- * ing the Cannon Street Road, and for making and maintaining a new Road to Barking, and a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road to Ytlbury Fort, iin the Counties of Middlefcx and EJfex. (b\

[6th May i8n J

Cap. xliit.

An AA for improving the Navigation from the Hythe at Colchefltr to 9 & to W. 3. IVivenboe in the County of EJfex ; and for better paving, lighting, c. t9. watching, cleaning and improving the said Town of Colchefar. 5 G.x. c.31.

[6th ^ .81.j jjj&SSS

at G. 3. c. 30.

Cap, repealed.

44*

5i® GEO. in.

AJD.i8rr.

io G 3. c. 78.

31G. 3. c. ioa

t G. 3. c. 6x.

30 G. 3. c. xo6.

11 G.3. c.94. 31 G.3.C.104.

31 G. 2. c. 49-7 CL 3. c.61.

41 G.3. (U.K.) c. xxvi. repealed.

39 8? 40 G. 3. c. xhriu

43 O. J-c.131.

C. xliv—xlix.

Cap. xliv.

An AA for making and maintaining a Road from the Wem and Whitchurch Road, to the Sandford and Hodnct Road, both in the County of Salop. (£)	[6th	May 1811 .J

Cap. xlv.

An AA to continue and amend Two A As of His present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading from the Bell, in Stoic Ferry, in the County of Norfolk, and the Road from Methwold Warm House to a Place called the Devil*s Ditch, in the said County, (r)

[6th May 18x1.] [Former Toll1 to cease, and new Tolls granted. J

Cap. xlvi.

An AA for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A As of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Abingdon to S win ford, in the County of Berks, (b)	^ [6th May 1811.J

[Additional Trujlees.]

Cap. xlvii.

An A A for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two AAa of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Finehall, in the County of Sujsex, to Cripps’/ Corner, and from thence to Staple-cross, and from Cripps*s Corner to the Town of Rye, in the laid County, (r)	.	.	[6th	May 18 r 1.]

[.Additional Trufees. Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xlviii.

An A A for repairing and improving the Roads leading to and from Tiverton, in the County of Devon. (3)	[6th	May 181 i j

[.Additional Tolls on Sunday, except on Waggons

Cap. xlix.

An A A for regulating the Rates and Charges to be received by the London Dock Company, upon Wines and Spirits lauded and ware* housed in the London Docks.	[6th	May 1811.]

* TT T HE RE AS an A A passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign

*	W of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 for making Wet

*	Docks, Bajins, Cuts, and other Works .for the greater Accommodation

*	and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of

*	London : And whereas the London Dock Company, established by

*	the said AA, have, under the Provifions thereof, and of divers other

*	AAs of Parliament passed since the said AA, for extending, enlarg-

*	ing, altering and amending the Powers of the said A A, made and

‘ erected extensive and commodious Wet Docks, Baiins, Cuts and

*	other Works and Warehouses, for the Accommodation and Secu-

*	rity of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of

*	London : And whereas, under the Authority of an AA, paffeftm

*	die Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

*	permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be fe-

*	cured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, and another Aft,

1 paffed

A.D.i8ri.

C.xlix.

5«° geo. m.

443

€ raffed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of Hi* present 44O. j.c. too.

*	Majefty, for warehoufing Goods within the Limits of the Docks 4 Ib made hy the London Dock Company, and for making Regula-

*	tions relating to the said Docks, very large Quantities of Wines and 4 Spirits have been landed, deposited and secured, in the said Docks,

4 for the Benefit of the Revenue, and of the Importers and Owners

*	of the said Goods : And whereas Difputes have from time to time 4 arisen on the subject of the Charges to be made by the London ‘

4 . Dock Company, in respect of such Wines and Spirits, for Landing,'

4 Wharsage, Warehousing, Care and Cuftody thereof, and other inci-

*	dental Charges; and it is essential to the Interefts of the London 4 Dock Company, and of the Importers and Owners of Wines and'

4 Spirits landed and deposited in the said Docks under the Authority 4 of the said Afts, that further and more particular Regulations than

*	are contained in the said Ads, should be made in Relation to the

*	receiving and Care of such Wines-and Spirits, and the Charges of

4 the said Company thereon; but the fame cannot be accomplifhed' 4 •

*	without the Interpoiition and Aid of ParliamentMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by* the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con* sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That Ccmpany *u-the faicl London Dock Company shall be allowed and authorized, and thawed to take are hereby empowered and authorized to charge and demand, and to

receive, take and collect, for and upon all Wines and Spirits which J.”r joading^nd from and after the palling of this' Aft shall be landed and deposited unloading Wine* is the said London Docks, such Rates and Charges as to the Direc- and Spirit*, tors of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, shall from time to time appear reasonable and proper, not exceeding the several Rates and Charges in the Schedules annexed to this Ad fpe-cified and fet foith ; and the said Schedules, and all Rules, Regulations! Dmeftions, Provisions, Matters and Things therein contained, shall be deemed and taken to be, and construed as Part of this A ft, as fully and effeftnally to all Intents and Purpofe6 as if the fame were severally and separately enabled and contained in the Body of this Aft.

* TL*And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company *u-Direftors of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, tliorwedto »e-from time to time to reduce, alter, vary or discontinue, any of fuch	“vive

Rates or Charges ; and also, at any time thereafter, from time to time again to revive, raise or advance, all or any of such Rates or Charges in such manner, either in the Whole or in Part, and in such Proportion, and as to such Articles of Charge, as to them shall seem expedient and proper, so as that the said Rates and Charges, when so advaneed, shall in no case exceed the several Rates or Charges fpc-eified or let forth in the said Schedules to this Aft annexed : Pro-vided always, that when any of such Rates or Charges shall be so reduced, altered, varied or difeontinued, revived, railed or advanced a* aforesaid, a Table and Notice thereof shall be put up at fomc confpi-cuous Place at and in the said Docks, so as that the fame may at all times, when the said Docks are open, be inspected by all rerfons interested therein ; any thing in any Aft or Afts relating to the said London Dock Company to the contrary notwithstanding ; and all l^atcs and Charges contained in the Schedules to this Aft annexed,

or

444	C.xiix.

or in apy such Tables pr Nqtiws ?* afo^esaid, hail be fated aid cri-k$e4* pnd.a^y be wcpvpffd*	be	mutfadj	kid	««t and ap-

plied as the Rates flpdCbargep under the said rrcitpd Ad prfU.il 4r Fortieth Year qf His pmfant Mstyeity’s Reign, qr any other of the A&&.r*l?ting to tip frd Dpck*, are direftcd to be levied, ooDeddi recovered, received and applied* and wider such Rules* Regulations, ErQvifious, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures as pit in the laid Acts cpntaiji?dt jn relation to the levying, oolW3iog> receiving* laying out and applying the Rate* and Charges contained in the bid Am* as far as the fame are pr can he made applicable (except so .far as the fame are by this A& or the Schedules tbctrunto annexed* varied, altered or repealed) & fully *nd efteftually as if all such Auks, Regulations, Proviftpus, Clanks, Penalties and Forfeitures urece ia this A3 or the Schedules thereto annexed* fevemlly and tqpmmdy repeated and re-ena3ed in this A3* and made Part thereof.

PdKd Ad. III. And be it further egacted, That this A3 ftafl be damned and * taken to be a Pqbliqk A3, aqd shall be judicially taken Notice of as fucly, by all Judges* Juftice* and 9fkm, without being freckly pleaded.

Tte SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers*

SCHEDULE (A.)

TABLE, No. i.

ON all Wines and Spirits which shall be landed at the Lomdmi Docks in Calks not of Oak, there fhaH be payable the Confoli-dated and other Rates and Charges following, as the case may require:

Sft.—In lieu of all Charges attending the Landiiu? and Delivery of such Wines and Spirits as are removed from the London Dock Quay within Three Days after being guaged ;

Per Tun of a Pipes* 4 Hoglheads* or on 25a Gallons	«...

?d.—In lieu of all Charges attending the Landing*

Houfing for Exportation, and Delivery of all fuen Wines and Spirits from the Company’s Stores not laid up, but taken out within Three Days, per Tun as above	-

jd.—In lieu of all Charges of Landing, Wharfage*

Housing, Superintendance for One Year and Delivery* and of all other Charges, except Warehouse Rent and Cooperage, and the ipecial Charges hereinafter enumerated ;

Per Tun of a Pipes, 4 fiogfheada, or on 252 Gallons in unfizcable Calks	-	-

Warehoufe Rent per Week, from the Day of the Ship’s beginning to work, per Tun as above Cooperage as the Proprietor may direct agreeably to the Rates in this Schedule.

I

— 7 *•

—» IP -v»

— 1a —



TABLE*

A.D.iHu.

Si* CEO. Ill

C.x 11*.

4«

TABLE, Wo; 2.

On all Wine* atfd Spirits which (halt be landed in Oak Calks at the London Docks, under a Warehoufing Entry, th£re shall be payable the Confolldated Dock arid dther Rates arid Charges as under, as thri ca(e may require ;

I ft.—la lieu of all Charges attending Landing and De- £ /. JL livery of such Wines and Spirits as are removed from the London Dock Quay within Three l)ays after beiog guaged, ter Pipe or Puncheon	-	.	j	j

2d.—In Geu of all Charges attending Landing, Holding for Exportation without laying up in Celiars, and for Delivery from the Company’s Stores wkhia Three Days, ter Pipe or Puncheon	*	•	•—	g

3d.-s.Jn lieu of Rent for Three Calendar Months front the Day of the Ship’s beginning to work, and for all other Charges whatever, lave as in this Schedule it hereinafter mentioned, as follows ; and for which Rates as under mentioned, the Company shall make good all Deficiencies (from whatever Cast arifiog) which shall exceed

One Gallon on each deficient Pipe or Puncheon, for	,

any Period of Cuftody less than One Year.

Two Galions, for any Period of Cuftody above One Year and lese than Two Years; and in like Proportion for succeeding Years; provided that such Deficiencies shall be claimed within Si*

Months of Delivery, and be eftablilhed by the Excife Guage on Landing and Delivery; ift.—On Fort, Lilbon, and all other Wines hooped in a similar wav, and which the London Dock Company engages to noufie and deliver ... with Ten Iron Hoops on each.

If imported with that Number of Iron Hoops, per

Pipe	-	-	-	-	i-------

If -	-	with	only Eight ditto	•	-	I	x	—

If -	-	with	only Six ditto	-	i	3	—

2d.—O11 Sherry, and on all Wines in like Casks, to be housed and delivered •	-	•	with	Eight	Iron

Hoops*

If imported with that Number of Iron Hoops, per

Pipe or Butt	-	-	+	1	—	—

If -	-	with	only Six Iron Hoops -	-	1	i	—

3d.—On Spawjb Red Wines in straight bouged Pipes, and bn all wines in like Calks to be housed and delivered - - with Six Iron Hoops,

If imported with that Number of Iron Hoops, per

Pipe	-	-	*	1	—	—

If -	-	with	Four Iron Hoops	-	-11	—

If - with Two ditto	-	-126

4th.—On Madeira, and all Wines in like Calks, per Pipe — 19 — 5th.—On Wine in Hogfheads, being hooped accordiug to the Cuftom of the Port of Shipping, half the Rate payable upon the fame Kind of Wine in Pipes.

6th.—

C. xlix.

A.D.1811.

£ t. L

446

5 e geo* in.

6th.—On Claret, and all Wines in similar Calks which the Company engages to house and deliver - - with Six Iron Hoops,

If imported with that Number of Iron Hoops, per

Hogftiead	-	-	-	—	11	6

If - - with only Four Iron Hoops	-	—	12	6

If - - with only Two ditto -	-	—	13	6

If - - without Iron Hoops	-	-	—	15	—

yth.—On Spirits, the Calks to be noufed and delivered, s with Six Iron Hoops,

If imported with that Number of Iron Hoops, per

Pipe or Puncheon	-	-	I-------

If - - with only Four Iron Hoops	-	1	1	—

• If - - with only Two ditto	-	-	1 3	—

Sth.—On Wines or Spirits in uniizeable Calks, propor-tionably to their Contents over and above a regular Pipe of Wine, or Piece of Brandy or other Spirits.

9th.—On every Calk of Wine talted, in Store, under a

written Onler for each Time	-	-	—	—• J

N. B. Tailing not to be permitted, except to the Pro* prietor himlelf, unless under a written Order Moreover there shall be payable on all Wines and Spirits, landed under a Warehoufing Entry (the Company being at liberty to house the fame, after the Expiration of Three Days from their being guaged) whether chargeable under Table No. 1. or Table No. 2. the following *

SPECIAL CHARGES ON DELIVERY;

' I ft—In all cases where the Importer shall require his Calks to be left on the Quay beyond Three Days, after being guaged, he shall pay Quay Rent on each Pipe or Puncheon per Day, lor every Day after such Three Days	-	-	-	—	—	6

And, WATCHING, agreeably to the Rates hereinafter

		mentioned ; viz•			
On i	to 20	Calks	, per Night		
21	to 30	Do.	Do.		
31	to <JO	Do.	Do.		
4i	to ‘.50	Do.	Do.		
51	■ to 60	Do.	Do.		
61	to 70	Do.	Do.		
7*	to 80	Do.	Do.		
81	to 90	Do.	Do.	.	
,9*	to IOO	Do.	Do.		
And on	any krger Quantity, per Night				
But the Change for Watching to cease follows; viz.				as	
After 6 Nights, on aiiy Quantity not exceeding				IOO	Pipes,
7	Do.	.	Do.	200	Do.
8	Do. •	•	Do.	400	Do.

x —

1	6

2	— 2 6

4 — 4 6

5	—

6	—

A wi

A.D.i8ii«

510 GEO. Ill,

And after io Night8* on any larger Pareel, unless the Goode be kept on the Quays, by Order of the Proprietor, for more than three Days after being guaged; and in such case to continue as above, ad.—On every Puncheon of Spirits in Vault, brought forward for Infpe&ion or redipping 3d.—After Three Months Cuftody, Cellar Rent, per Week

On each Pipe or Puncheon On each Hogfhead 4th.—For raeking, when necefTary, per Pipe or Puncheon 5th.—For new Calks, when necessary, at the respective Market Prices thereof, deducing the Value of the racked Calks, if not taken away by the Proprietor. 6tb.—After-twelve Months Cuftody, for all other extra Cooperage in Vault, and for Cooper's Superintendance there

On each Pipe or Puncheon, per Week 7th.—-For Surveys and Certificates thereof, as follows: On 1 a	5 Calks,	per Certificate

6 a 20 Do.

21 and upwards an entire Cargo

Duplicate or Copy of Certificate 8th.—Additional Cooperage on delivery, if required by the Proprietors, according to the following Rates; viz. *	Pitching	and	turning,	per	Pipe	or	Puncheon

Trimming	-	-

Driving	-	-

Iron-plate Hoops, each Pieces of Lead, each	-

Rivets, each	-

^th.—On Delivery by Water for Shipping - per Calk	-	-	-	-

N. B. The consolidated Rates to be paid on all Wines and Spirits liable thereto, before the Transfer or Removal of any Part thereof, and the subsequent Charges (if any) to be paid on each Calk, at the Time of Transfer or Delivery of such Calk.

C.xlix.

, /• d.

447



--------6

— 2

—	2

-	5

-	7

1	1

—	1

t

6

1

— — J-

------9

■------  2

------8

SCHEDULE (B.)

RATES chargeable on Wines and Spirits, where those in Schedule (A.) do not attach ; viz.

Per Pipe or Puncheon.

For Landing

Wharfage -	-

Pitching and Turning/

Cooper’s Attendance at Landing and Loading Laying up to gauge in numerical Order

J.

•	—	1	—

-------8

- :— 1 —

--------3

COOPER’S

44®

C. xll*.

^ i0'dta m.

AJ&.1811.

COOPER'S WORK, and MATERIALS fupplied»

jS t. i.

Trimming	-	-	•	-	—	a	—

Driving -	-	•	*	•

Iron Hoops, per Hoop Pieces of Lead, each	*

Rivets, each

Chimes, each	-	-	•

Uncasing, per Pipe or Puncheon Cafing	-	Do.

Kaclung	-	Da.	-	-	*

Houfing and Carving	-	*

Breaking out for Cooperage, and laying up again Unhoufing and Loading from the Qhay Unhousing, Wharfage and Shipping	-

Loading from the Quay Shipping from Do.

Quay Rents on all Wines and Spirits n6t landed under a Wareboufing Entry, nor ordered f within Five. Days after .beginning to land) to be hoilied, on each Pipe,

•store or Cellar Rent on Wines and Spirits, (ordered to be housed at the time of landing) for the first Three Calendar Months, on each Pipe, per Week Rent and Cooper’s Attendance afterwards on Do. per Do. -	-	-	-	-	—	—	7

Cooper’s Attendance at Landing, Houfing and in Vaults,

. for Three Months	-	-	-	—	i	6

Do. at Delivery from Vaults »	-	-	—	i	—

— — *

— 2 6

---6

—	1 4

—	t —

--------6

- — —fi

i si

31

V,

91 to 100 101 and upwards

to

to

to

to

to

to

to

40

s°

60

70

8q

90

WATCHING WINE and SPIRITS on the Quay.

On 1 to so Pipes, per Night	-	-	—	1 —

30	-	Do.	-	-	—	16

Do.	-	-	—	2 —

Do.	-	-	—	2 6

Do. -	•	-	—	3 —

Do.	-	-	—	36

Do.	-	-	—	4 —

Do.	-	-	—	46

Do.	-	-	—	5 —

Do.	-	-	—	6 —

N.B. If at the Time of landing, such Wines or Spirits be ordered to be housed, the Charge for Watching shall cease, as follows ; viz. After 6 Nights, on any Quantity not exceeding 100 Pipes*

After 7 Nights	-	Do.	200

After 8 Nights	-	Do.	400

After 10 Nights •	-	on	401	or	more.

CHARGE for SURVEYS, and CERTIFICATE thereof.

£ j, d.

Qn x to 5 Pipes •	-	-	•	—	26

6 to 20	•	«	•	•	—	5 —

21 and

A.D.i8u«

51* GEO. in.

C. xlix—lv.

44J

. £ 1 d.

On 21 and upwards	-	-	——	7	6

And if on an entire Cargo	-	-	1	1	—

Copy of Certificate -	-	-	-	—	I	-—

N. B. Hogihcads of Wine to pay Half the Rates chargeable on Pipes; and unfizeable Calks to pay an increased Rate proportionably to their Contents, over and above a regular Pipe of Wine or Piece of Brandy.

Landing, Wharfage and Delivery from the Quay, per jt s. d. Pipe or Puncheon, exclusive of Cooperage on Delivery as ordered ; and also of Quay Rent and Watching as above, beyond the Fifth Day after beginning to land	-	-	-	-	•	—	J	6

Cap. 1.

An Alt for veiling certain Eilates late of the Right Honourable George Lord Viscount Sackville deceased, situate in the Borough Town and Pariih of East Grinstead, in the County of Sujsex, in Trnftees, upon Truft to fell the fame ; and to lay out the Monies thence arising in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to

• the fame Ufes as the Eftates so fold. (q. P.) [6th May 181 i.J

Cap. li.

An AH for effeHually separating the several Churches or Chapelriet of Natlfea and Bourton otherwise Flax B our ton otherwise Boretori, in the County of Somerset, from the ReHory and Parifh Church of Wraxhall, in the said County, and for uniting the several Churches or Chapelries of Nailfea and Bourton otherwise Flax Bourton otherwise Boreton aforesaid, into and making the fame one diftinH and separate ReHory. (q. P.)	[6th	May	1811

Cap. lii.

An AH for inclosing Lands in Seaming, Hoe, Worthing and DUting* ton, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	[6th	May	1811.J

Cap. liii.

An AH for inclosing Lands in the Manor, Lordihip or Foreft of Wtfiward, in the Pariih of Wejlward, in the County of Cumber• land. (q. P.)	[6th	May	1811.]

“ Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. § 19, 20.

Cap. liv.

An AH for inclosing Lands in the Townihip of Cholmondefton, is the Pariih of ASon, in the County of Chester. (q. P.)

[$th May 1811,]

Cap. lv.

An AH Tor inclosing certain Trails, or Parcels of Common and Wafte Grounds, called Fulwood Moor and Cadeley Moor, within and Parcel of the Foreft of Fulwood, in the County Palatine oP Lancaster. (q. P.)	[6th	Mdy	r8ll	J

** Allotment to His	} 28.

4

ji Geo. III. '	Gf	Qaf.

k



C. hi—■!*».

51* GEO. ni.

AJX1811.

39 & 40 o. 3.

C, XT*

04 O. a. c. 35. 11 O.3.C.79. J»G.3-c.tt;. repelled.

Cap. Ki.

An Ad for inclofmg Lands in the Parifli of Long Compton, in the County of IVarwitk. (a. P )	[6th	May	18	*	I.]

* Allotment and CoiftpfcnWtion for Tithes. § 51, 32. 47.

,	Cap.	Mi.

An Ad for inclofmg and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parifhf* of Gnat Paxton and Tofeland> fn the County of Huntingdon. (q.P.)	[6th	May	1811.]

Co/.Mii.

An Ad for Inckfltig Lands iit the' Tonmftips of fVtgton, fVoodfde and IVavert on f within and Parcel of the Barony of Wigton In the County of Cumberland, (q. P.)	[6th	May	1811.]

“ Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. § t8, 19, 20.

Cap.Yix.

An Ad for incloflng Lands in the Parifli of Saint John the Bafitijt Peterborough, in the County of Northampton• (q. P.)

[6th May 1811.]

** Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. § 20. 22, 23,24.

Cap. lx.

An Ad for making a navigable Canal from the River Avon, at or near Morgan's Pill, m the Parifli of Eafton in Gordmno other-wife Saint George's^ in the County of Somerfet^ to or near the River Tonef in the Parifh of Saint James in Tawntoo* in the hid County, and a certain navigable Cut therein described.

[14th May 1811.] [420,0001. and if not sufficient additional 150,000 /.]

Cap. lxi.

An Ad for paving, lighting, deanfmg, widening nod dthetways improving the Streets of the Burgh of Dunfermline, increasing the Supply of Water, extending the Royalty of the said Burgh ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned relative theveto.

[14th	181.3

Cap. Ixu.

An Ad for repealing so much of an Ad of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Cbep* flow, in the County of Monmouth $ and fevoral other Roads in the Counties of Monttioutby Gtouce/ler% Hereford and Brecon, as relates to the Newport Diftrid of Roads \ and for granting further and other Powers for repairing the Roads in the said Diftrid. (1)

[14th May 1811.1

iDouble Tods on Sunday.2

Cap. liiii.

An Ad for rendering more efiedual Several Ads for repairing the Turnpike Road from Cramond Bribe to the Tom of Qmeauferry in the Countyof Linlithgow; and for altering and repairin^the

A.XX>8ii‘

51* GEO. IH.

C. lxiii-'-rlavL

45*

% G. 3. c. 31.

3	G. 3. c 13.

4	O.fr c. 39.

5	G.3.C.5OU xz G. 3- c. a*. 30 G.3. c.53. repealed as to Parilh of SaUpt Maryle Strand.

3X G. 3. c. 10%*

High Road leading from the West End of the fiud Town of

Queensftrry to the Town of Luditkgo*t». (a\

[14th May i&xi/j

[ By the Words of this A& the whole of the Three A8i in the Margin are repealed, hut it seeme as though the whole of 11 G. 3. e. 79, and of 32 O.3. e. 125, and Part only of 24 G. 2. c. 35. was meant to be repealed.']

Cap. lxiv.

An A£fc for providing a Workhoufe for the Ufe of the Pariffi of Saint Mary le Strand, in the County of Mietdlcsex, and Liberty of Weftminjter; and for better paving, lighting, cleaning and watching the said Parifli; and for other rurpoies therein mentioned.	f^th	May 1811,]

K Power pf making a Rate for watching under 14 G. 3. c. 90, u extended.

Cap. lxv.

An A St for continuing the Term and amending the Powere of aq Adi for repairing the Road leading from Robejton Wathan to Saint Clears, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen. (e)	[14th	May 1811/}

[Additional TOffices. former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cop. lxvi.

An A & lo mead and render more effectual an Adi of Hit prefect Msje&y, for miouimng and improving the Docks and Ware* bottles, called The Commercial Doth, in the Parhh of Saint Mary JRotherhithe, w the County of Surrey t and for extending the Powers of the bid Ad.	[14th	May 1811.]

*	Vtf THEREAS an Adi was patted in the Fiftieth Year of the 50 G.3. ccc/ii.

‘ VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An	mam*

1 taining and improving the Docks and Warehoufes called The Com-‘ mercial Docks, and for making and maintaining other Docks and

*	Warehouses to communicate therewith, all in the Parijb of Saint Mary

*	Rot her* at he, in the County of Surrey : whereby the several Pet-ferns 1 therein named, and other Perfons therein described, were created a

*	Joint Stock Company by the Name of The Commercial Dock Com-

*	party f for the Purpofe of maintaining and improving a certain Dock t formerly called Greenland Dock, and other Docks and Premifet

*	adjoining thereto, and making other Docks, Timber Ponds,

1 Sluices, Outlets and other Works, necessary for the Accotnmo-

*	datum of Vefielt laden with Timber and other Articles in the said 1 Adt mentioned: And whereas by the said Ad the said Company 1 were authorized tp raise and contribute among themselves, for the 1 Purpofef Cat forth in the said Ad, in addition to the Shares then

*	already created or Sums then already fubfcrvbed for, a further Sum,

1 not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and thirty thoufond Pounds,

1 in manner therein mentionedj and which additional Sum of One 1 hundred and thirty thoufond Pounds, together with the Sum of ' One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds then already fubferibed

*	for, in manner in the said Ad mentioned, it was thereby eaacted,

‘ fltoujd form one joint Capital Stock of the said Company t And 1 whereas the whole of the original Subscription pf One hundred

G g 2	* and

It

h 4.

If.

45*

C. lxvi.

A.D.1811

519 GEO. III.

‘ and. thirty thonfand Pounds has been expended towards the Por-

*	poles of the said A61 in the Purchafc of the (aid Docks. Land, and

*	in Works: And whereas the said Company have proceeded to nrifc

*	the fajd furihcr Sum ot One hundred: and thirty thousand Pounds,

*	by the Creation of One thoufaud three hundred new Shares, pur-4 suant to the Provifion9 in the said Ad contained ; and have made

*	a Call pursuant to the Power in the said Ad contained, in part of

*	the said further Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds,

4 thereby authorized to be raised; the Amount of which Cali has 4 been paid and expended for the Purpufes of the said Ad 5 and 4 the said Company are proceeding to get in the whole thereof as 4 quick as by the Provisions of the said A6i they are empowered to 4 do: And whereas the said Company find that they cannot make 4 the said Dock complete and commodious to the Public for Re*

4 ception and Difcharge of Timber Ships, and the Admillion and 4 Storing of Timber, and other Purpofes in the said Ad mentioned,

4 without purchafmg divers Lands, Mefluages, Tenements and He*

*	reditaments, and other Premifes near 16 the said Commercial Dock,

4 all in the said Parifti of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in Addition to the 4 Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and other Premises, which 4 by the said A6t they were authorized to purchase 5 and withod 4 making additional Cuts, Communications and Entrances into or out 4 of the River Thames,. and also additional Wharfs, Quays and other 4 Works, and altering aud varying feme of the Roads, Ways and 4 Streets, near to the said Docks, and making other Improvements;

4 And whereas the fame cannot be carried into Execution without 4 the Aid of Parliament, nor unless the said Company are empowered 4 to raise a further Sum, in Addition to the said Sums now raised,

4 and authorized to be raised, as aforesaid: And whereas the hid 4 Company are willing to raise, among (I themselves, whatever Sum 4 may be oeceflary for executing the Purpofes aforesaid ;* May k therefore please Your Majettv, That it may be enacted ; and be it enabled by the King’s Mott Excellent Majesty, by aud with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by and with the

Company en-	Authority of the fame, Tiutt it shall be lawful for the said Compiny

tblcd to raife	raife and contribute amongll themselves, in Addition to	the Two

^oufand six hundred Shares already created, or Sums already fob* 00 WK,>	{bribed'for or authorized to be raised as aforesaid, a competent Sum

of Money for the improving, completing aud maintaining the Docks, Feeders, Aqueduds, Entrances, Ways, Roads, Bridges, Offices, Sluices, Wharfs, Warelioufes and Works already made and intended, tr by the said A6t and hereby authorized to be made, not exceeding in the whole, in Addition to the said Two thousand six hundred Shares already subscribed for, aud the Sums by the said Ad autbo* rized to be raised, the Sum of One hundred and thirty	thoufend

Pounds; and the fame Sum of Ooe hundred and thirty	thoufend

Pounds shall be divided iuto Two thousand six hundred Shares of aivididinto	Fifty Pounds each; and the said Two thousand six hundred Shares

Shares ;	(hall be and are hereby vetted in the several Perfons who shall, pur*

Ferfbos! Certam suant to the Provilions in the said recited Ad or in this Ad cos-.tained or fet forth, subscribe for the feme, and their several aid respective Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors and Aligns, to . their and every Qf their proper Ufe and Benefit* proporriooably to *

Y.D.iSn.

GEO. III.

C.lxvi.

4S3

fie Sums they shall federally raise and contribute; and all Bodies ’olitic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Perfons, and their several nd respective Succeifors, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, 'ho shall severally subscribe for one or more Share or Shares, or ich Snm or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, shall, after ie Expiration of the Period hereinafter mentioned, be« entitled to nd receive the net and entire Diftribution of an equal proportion-ble Part, according to the Number of Shares to be poflefTed by im or them, or the Money so by them respectively paid, of all the 'rofits and Advantages wnich shall or may arise and accrue to the lid Company, by reason of any Sums of Money to be received by ie said Company, by the Authority of this Aft or otherwise, in fpeft of or for the Ufe of the Docks, Ponds, Quays, Wharfs or ther Premifes belonging to the said Company.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several erfons who shall subscribe for the said Two thousand six hundred ew Shares hereby authorized to be raised or created, or any of'them, tall not be entitled to any rateable Share or Proportion of the Pro-ts of the (aid Company until after the Expiration of One Yeari > be computed from the Day on which the laid Two thousand fix undred new Shares shall be created ; and that in the mean time the veral Perfons who shall subscribe for new Shares as a orefaid shall e entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay to him or them ‘fpeftively, Intereft on the several Sums to be paid by them or him i respect of such new Shares at and after the Rate of Five Pounds •r Centum per Annum, from the time or times on or at which such iura or Sums of Money shall be by them or him paid.

III.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That previous tb ie Creation or Making of the said Two thousand six hundred new bares hereby authorized to be created or raised as aforesaid, or of ay of them. Notice of the Intention to create the fame shall be given i the London Gazette, and Three of the Daily Newfpapers in #iondon, for the Space of Fourteen Days at least; and that the time hen the said new Shares shall be created, and the first Call thereon ball be paid, and all other Rules and Regulations concerning the me, shall be fettled and determined by Two several General Courts f Proprietors of the said Company, the first of which said General !ourts shall be held not sooner than Fourteen Days after such fotice as aforesaid, and the last of which said General Courts shall c held at a Diftance not less than Ten Days from such first General burt; and in case all the said new Shares shall not be fubferibed >r, by the several Perfons hereby authorized to subscribe for the tme, the said Company of Proprietors may dispose of such Shares t shall not be fubferibed for by such Perfons as aforesaid, in such man-it as shall be determined on by Two several Courts of Proprietors to e held for such Purpofe.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, allowed to he raised under this Aft pon Two thousand six hundred Shares, and the Shares already crea-d, shall make one Joint Capital Stock of the said Company.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all or any eTfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who at the time of ie creating or making the Two thousand six hundred Shares hereby nthorized to be fubferibed (or, shall be poflefTed of any of the

G g i	Shares

When new Sub-feribers entitled to Profits.

entitled to la-tereft

Notice of creating new Sh ires, in London Gazette, See*

First General Court.

If new Shares

n >t fubferibed for. Company may dilpofe of them.

New Shares to make Jrint' Capital Stock. .

Old Suhfcribers entitled to fab-feribe for neW Shares, Re-ftri&icm

454

C.fani.

JI* GEO. in.

A.D.i3n.

50 G. 3. c.ccriL § 16. repealed.

General Courts.

Maps and Plans, Books of Re-fcrcocc,&c.

pm open for publfflnfpe&ioa.

Sham already subscribed for, (hal be entitled, if t!wy so pM, to (ubfcribe for any Number of the laid Two thousand six hundred new Share* not eaceoding the Number of old Shorn of which he or they flail be then podefied.

9 VI. And whereas the Days appointed by the laid A d for bold* iog General Courts are not convenientBe k therefore eosctcd. That so much of the said Ad as requires General Courts to be held on the Second Friday in Jaumary^ and Second Friday in July n rich Year, /hall be and the lame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the paifing of this Ad the (aid Company IhaU hold General Cowls of the laid Company Twice at lead in each and every Yean, 00 the following Days; that is to lay, on the Second Friday ia JaamOry, aad the Second Friday in Jot1*, in each and every Year.

• VII. And whereas Maps and Plans describing the Place at which

8	it may become toeeefiary to make another Entrance into the tud

*	Bocks, betides such as are described in the laid recited Act, msi ‘ such other Improvements as may ahb be beneficial for the cffe&iftg

*	the Fuipofes of the laid Ad and this Ad, ia affording the Ac* f comraodation authorized to be given thereby 1 and Books of Refer-1 race, containing a Lift of the Owners or reputed Owners aad Oc-

9	cupiers of the Xaftd6 and Preftufes seceffary to be taken for the 9 Purposes of the Aid Ad aad thisAd, hafre been depcfntd in the € Office of the Clerk Of the Peace for the County of Smrrry :* Bek therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the nut Com. paay to make another Entrance into the River Thames % bet wees Lamenier, Dock and the Qrdmanee Wbarfi at or near the Place marked in the Plan deposited with the ClcFk of the Peace for tht County of Surrey, for the Parpofcs of this Ad; any thing ia tb-Aid recited Adi contained to the -contrary notwit MU nding: Aad all and every the Powers, Claufes and Provifions of the said recked A&* for enabling the Aid Company to purclwfe Leads. Tenement* Houles, Prendfes and other Hereditaments under the Aid Ad, for the Purpofes thereof, and for enabling Corporate Bodies md incapacitated Perfbns to fell* aad for afieifing the Value of any-Leads, Tenements, Houles, Premifes and other Hereditaments purchased pr taken under the said recited Ad, by a Jury, in case of ReUul or Incapacity of the Parties to fell; and directing the Application of Purchale Money; and for veiling Lands, Tenements and -Hcreditc-tnents purchased by the Aid Company, in the Aid Company; and all other Powers, denies and Provifions in the said recited Ac contained, as to Pu rebates and Compentations shall be and the Ace are hereby extended to all such additional Works or Entrances, or Roads, Bridges or other Improvements, by this Ad authorized to be made, or referred to, or marked, or described on the Map or Plan deposited with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, oa the paifing of this Ad, as fully and effectually as if the Arne were ia this Ad severally and Separately repeated, and made part of this Ac.

VIII,	And be it further eroded, That the said Map or Plan, aad Book of Refereppe, shall remain in the Cuftody of the Clerk of the Peace Tor the said County, to the end that all Perfoas may at all fca-Anable times have Liberty to infped and peruse, and to take Copies or Ext rads thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of Oae Shilling for every such Infpe&son. and after the Rate of Four Pence for every Seventy two Words of fnch

Copies

A.p.i8n

(U*vi%

45S

0350. HI.

Copies or Exinida of the laid Book of Refaencc; *n4 tfot the £aia Company of Proprietors, m making the ftid Ruttaacc hereby authorized to be made between Lavender Dock and the Ordnaucf Wharfs both in tihe Parity of Saint Mary Rotberbilbe, in the Compty of Surrey, and in waking all or any otbf r of the Improvement* heyreby authorized to he made, shall not deviate from or extend beyond the liw described in the (aid Map or Warn without the Coofeqt iu "Writing of the Perfon or Perfau* whafe Lands 9f Premises (Ml be wanted for their Pqrpose: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained Hall extend* or he condrued^Q extend, to authorize or empower the ftid Company, or any Perttua or Perfpof on their Behalf, tp take or use for the Purppfta of this Ad, any H#v Gardena or Orchard* without the Cqqfent of the Owners or Pro* prietara thereof in Writing full had and obtained* fire and WnfjL the Houfe* Buildings, Land* Tenements and other Hereditaments, men* tioned and deicribed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, nwhed (A*)

IX.	Provided always, and he it further enaded* That nothing io this Aft contained shall be deemed or taken to empower the IWd Company to purchase any Land fronting to the laid River Thames between Lavender Dock and the Qrdpance Wharf, exceeding Tw<Mi|in-dr«d and fifty Feet in the Front thereof; nor shall any thing oon* tpined in this A& or the Schedule marked (A.) to this Ad nexed, empower the said Company to purchase in the whole a greater Extent of Land than Twenty Acres.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enjufted* That afthiag in this Ad contained mail be deemed or taken or he caaitnicd so as in auv way to prejudice or derogate from the pfotes* Rig}u*Vite-rests, Privilege!) or Franchises, which it is provided by the wd re* cited Ad shall not be prejudiced or derogated frqm, except ip^f®,ach as the fame may he affected by the particular j^rovifiops of this A&-

1 XI. And whereas a shorter and more convenient Footway may • he made, leading from Grove Street to Great Rufcl Street, |n thp « Parity of Saint Man, Rotberbithe ;* Be H therefore further enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said Company# by ami with the Authority and Permiffion of Two Jufticea of the Peace for the County of Surrey, to be by them certified in Writing under their Hand* to shorten and make more convenient the Footway leading from Qzoyc Street to Great Rufftl Street aforesaid ; and for that Poipose, and in such case, and wiuunch Authority and PcrmilfiQn^to flop up Pr make such Alteration in the present Footway as way bp eecetfary; any thing in the said Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII.	Provided always, and he it further enacted, That nothing in this Ad contained shall authorise the said Company to make any Alteration ip or upon that Part of the said Footpath which runs across the Hereditaments and Psewifes of or belonging to the Raft Country Pock Company* unleft with the Confent of the Diredora of such Company* pr the Majority of them for the time being.

XIII.	Ana be k further enaded* That the ftid Comply flb$ have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized* $9 make and fet up one or more Swivel Bridge or Bridges, is the manner and of the Diroenfipns* and fubjsd to the Regulations hereinafter mentioned,, as the case shall .require* over any of the public Roads or other Ways, under the Cpptrpul qf the TruRees of the Roads there, within the Line deferibed in the said Plan, deP°fite4 with the

G g 4	Clerk

Provifo.

Limitation •$ to

Prorifr fqr Powei* already In Company.

A new Foot way from Grove Street to Great Ruffell Street.

Provifo tor Raft Country Dock Company.

Swivel Bridget

ereeled.

Mode of making Swivel Bridges.

To be properly secured.

At .what Hours Swivel Bridges opened, and Road-way (lopped.

I.arnps affixed at Corner of Bridges.

Afcent and De-fcent to and from fridges. '

C.lxvL

51* GEO. in.

AJD.iSii.

Clerk of the Peace, in lieu and instead of the Bridges required by the laid Ad; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwhb-ftanding.

XIv. Provided always, and be it further enacted, ThA each and every such Swivel or other Bridge or Bridges to be made, fet up or placed over any Cut, Canal or Lock made or to be made in any public Road, Street or other Way, shall be made with good found Materials, with a Road or. Way over the fame, and proper Approaches thereto, for the Paffage of all and every Perlon and Per-lbnsj Carriages, Horfes, Bealls and other Cattle; and which (aid Road or Way over every fucli Cut, Canal or Iyock shall be of the Width of Fifteen Feet, Seven Feet whereof at the leail shall be fet put for a Carriage Way, and Two Paths or Caufeways for Foot Paffengers of the Width of Four Feet each at the lead, the said Footway to be raised Seven Inches above the Level of the Carriage Way, and the fame shall at all times be properly feneed, iodofed ana secured from the Carriage Way, with flout Iron Railing of the Heigbth of Three Feet at the lean, for the safe and commodious puffing of IVr-fons, Horfes, Beads and Carriages over the fame.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That such Bridge or Bridges shall at all times be kept (hut and elosed, and properly and effectually secured for the safe passing and repassing of Ml Perlon*, Horfes, Beads and Carriages, upon or over the fame, except as is hereinafter mentioned.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That the said Bridge or Bridges shall and may be opened for the Paffage of Veffels through any put, Canal or Lock into or from the said Bock or Batin, at any time between the Hours of Five of the Clock and Eight of the Clock in the* Forenoon, and between the Hours of Six of the Clock and Eight of the Clock in the Afternoon, from Lady Day to Michaelmas Day yearly, and between the Hours of Seven of the Clock and Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, and the Hours of Four the of Clock and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, from Michaelmas Day to Lady Day yearly, so that the fame shall not remain, or be continued open, or the Paffage over the feme prevented or hindered beyond the Space of Fifteen Minutes at any One time, and so that immediately after the Expiration of such Fifteen Minutes the said Bridge and Bridges be properly fattened and secured, and not again opened when any Perfon or Perfons shall be waiting to pass over the fame, until after the Expiration of Ten Minutes from the (hutting thereof.

XVII.	And be it further enabled. That the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required, from and after any and eyery Bridge or Bridges shall be made, to affix and place one Glafs Lamp, with proper Burners, at each Corner of every such Bridge or Bridges, and to cause the fame to be properly lighted, and kept in Light from the time of Sun-fet to the time of Sun-rife every Evening and Morning throughout the Year, for the safe and commodious passing of Perfons, Horfes, Beads and Carriages, over the (aid Bridge or Bridges.

, XVllI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Afcents and Descents, or inclined Planes leading to or from any and every Bridge or Bridges, made or to be made by or under the Authority of this or the said hereinbefore recited Ad, shall be regular

aad

A.D.1811.

C.Ixvi.

457

510 GEO. IIL

and gradual and /Kail not be steeper than at and after the Rate of Eighteen Feet for every Foot of perpendicular Heighth, to be mea-fured from the Surface of the Street, Road or Way in which any Cut, Canal or Lock, /hall be made; and that (for and notwith-ftandino any thing in the said former Aft contained) all and* every the said Swivel or Swing Bridge or Bridges so made, and the Pastage,

Way and Ways over the fame, and the Lamps so difefted to be placed and affixed as aforesaid, shall at all times be maintained and kept in repair, fenced in and secured, supported, amended, rrinftated and kept in good and safe Condition for the Accommodation of the Public, by and at the proper Cofts and Charges of the said Company.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company, Opening Swivel or their Servants or Workmen, /hall open or cause to be opened Bridge*, or pr«-any Bridge or Bridges by this or the said former Aft authorized to

be made over any Cut, Canal or Lock to be made as aforesaid, in or 01 Ar^[ across any Road, Street or Way, under theControul of the Trustees rked, of the Road there, at any Hour or Time other than by this Aft permitted, or.shall at any Time when any Perfon or Perfons /hall be waiting to pass over the fame, open or re-open such Bridge of Bridges before the Expiration of Ten Minutes from such /hutting thereof • or in case the said Company, their Servants or Workmen, or any of them, /hall at any time permit or suffer the said Bridge of Bridges to be re-opened or kept open contrary to the Provifions of this Aft, or /hall not falien, fence or secure the fame for the free, safe and commodious PafTage of Perfons, Horfes and Carriages over the fame, then, and in every such case, the said Company of Proprietors, or their Succtflors, /hall, for every such Offence, Neglcft or Omif-fion, forfeit and pay to any and every Perfon and Perfons, who or whose Horse, Bead or Carriage /hall be stayed or hindered in palling over any Bridge so kept open or re-opened, any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Penalty. Difcretion of any Juftice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, together with the reasonable Expences of the Information, Summons, Hearing and Warrant, the fame to be levied and recovered from time to time by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Treasurer, Clerk or Agent to the said Company, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Juftice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Complaint shall be heard.

XX.	Provided always, be it enacted. That in case any Perfon Company fiabla or Perfons shall at any time or times, by or through the Negligence, to Coft*. Carele/Tnefs or Omilfion of the said Company of Proprietois, their

Servants or Workmen, suffer or sustain any Damage or Injury exT ceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, then, and in every such ode, the whole of the Damages so suffered or sustained shall and may be recovered from the said Company of Proprietors or thejr Treasurer for the time being, in any of His Majefty's Courts at Wejlminjlcr, by Afticn of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint or Information, together with Cpfts of Suit; and in which Aftion no EIToign,

Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, /hall be allowea.

‘ XXI. And' whereas by the said recited Aft, the Solicitor or 50 O. 3. c. ccvii. ’ Clerk to the /aid*Cojnpany is required to enter, as therein men- % i%*

* tioned.

CJiti.

AJD.iftu.

Regiftry of Transfers.

Company may take Polfeffioo of ceitain Houles, See. marked in Schedule (A.)

50 G- 3. c. ccvii, $ 65. and Sch.Bj repealed.

Rates of Dockage. Sec. accord-in^to Schedule B<

51* GEO* lit

4 tioned, a Memorial of every Transfer or Sale of a Share or Shares

*	in the Stock of the laid Company: And whereas Certificates fiped

*	by Three of the Dire&ors of the said Company for the time hem?,

*	ox the Number of Shares in the Stock of the said Company bod € by each of the Proprietors respectively, hare been delivered to the

*	faid Proprietors respectively: And whereas it is expedient to re-«gulate the Entry of such Memorial;* Be it therefore epaftrd. That no Memorial of any Transfer and Sale of aay Share or Shares of and in the Stock of the said Company foul be made or entered unless and until the Certificate or Certificates which has or have been, or shall be given and signed by Three qf the Directors of the said Company for the time being, of or in respect of such Share or Shares, or the Deed of Transfer to the Seller, which has or shall have been previously executed and entered in the Book or Books of the said Company, shall be produced to the Solicitor or Clerk of the said Company at the Office of the said Company for the time being: Provided always, that in case it (hail appear to the Satisfaction of the Diredors of the said Company for the time being, or any Seven of them, that such Certificate or Certificates, or Deed of Transfer is loti or raifiaid, so as that.the fame cannot be produced, it shall be lawful for the said Diredors, or any Seven of them, by Notice in Writing, signed by them, to dire A the Solicitor or Clerk to make and enter such Memorial as is by the said Ad directed to be made, notwithstanding such Certificate or Certificates, or Deed

. of Transfer, shall not be produced as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That the (aid Company shall and may make the said flock or Docks and the Road* and Bridges conceded therewith, and take Fetieffion for the Purpofes of this Act of any of the Hoqfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, mentioned and deferibed in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Ad annexed, notwithstanding the Name or Names of any Perfbn or Perfons shall or may have been omitted or improperly mentioned or spelled in the said Schedule, in ease it appear to auy Two or more Judices of the Peace for the said County of Sarrsh and be certified by Writing under their Hands that such Error or improper Defcription proceeded from Midake.

XXIIT. And be it further enacted. That so much of the bid recited Ad as redrains the said Company from demanding, taking and receiving any greater Sums of Money, for the Dockage of Ships and Vefleis, and for the receiving, warehoufing and daring of Timber, Wood and Merchandize, than are meutioned and fpeciffed ia the Schedule marked (B.) to the said Ad annexed, fhaU be and the lame is hereby repealed.

XXIV.	Provided .always, and he it further enacted, That it foil be lawful for the said Company, from and after the passing of ibis Ad, to .demand, take and receive for the Dockage of Snips ai.d Veffels, and for the receiving, wnrehoufiog and timing of Timber, Wood and other Merchandize, any Sum or Sums of Moot), not exceeding the Sums of Money mentioned and specified.ip the Schedule marked (B.) to this Ad .annexed.

< XXV. And whereas no Provifion is made in the fiud Ad for

*	the Recoveiy of the Dockage and other Rates and Charges upon

*	Ships or Veifels referring to, of 00 Timber and olfo?r Goods, Waxes < and Merchandize, denofite^ ia the bid Docks and Premifes of the

* faid

AJD.itif.	f	1°	GEO. III.	C.lxvi.

‘ find Oompaoy V Be k therefore further enaAed, That , in case any Owner, or Mafter or other Pcitfoo hrmg the Command or Rule of ■any Ship Or Veicl, charged or chaTgesble wkh the Dockage and other Rates and Charge* allowed to he demanded and taken by the laid Adi or this Adi, shall refuse to pay the fame, then, «aad in such case, it (hail and may be lawful for the Dire&ors of the laid Company, or such Perfon or Perfons as they (haU appoint to lie their Coj-ledbor or Collectors aa aforesaki, or any or either of them, from time to time to go on board such Ship or VeffdL to demand, collect and receive the fame, and on Non payment thereof, to take and difttain every such Ship or VcffeL, and all her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture or any Part thereof, either on Board or on Shore, and the kune to detain until he or they be fa tithed and paid the said Rates and Charges; and in case of any NngWA or Delay in Payment thereof, that then it shall and may be lawful for the laid DireAors and their Succeflbra, and such Perfon or Peridot as they shall appoint as afore -•said, their CoUt&oror Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to cause the fame to be -appraifed by Two or more sworn Appraisers or other sufficient Pertons and Afterwards to fell the said Did refs and Drf-tresses, and therewith to (istisfy himself or thetnselyes, aa well for and concerning the said Rates and Charges fa oegleAed or delayed to be paid, and for which such Di&refs ana Diftnefies shall be 'taken as afore-laid, as also for his or their reasonable charges in taking, keeping, appraifing and felling such Distress, rendering to the Mailer or other Perfon having the Rule or Command of the said Ship or Veflel, in, to or from which such Diftrefs shall be so taken or belong, the Overplus (if any there shall be) on Demand ; and that if any Owner, Consignor, or Confignee refpeAively, of any Timber, Goods, Wares or Merchandize, chargeable with any of the Rates or Charges mentioned in the Schedule to the said AA or to this AA annexed, or allowed to be taken under the Provifions of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to pay the said Rates and Charges before such Good*, Wares or Merchandize shall be shipped or removed from the Place where the fame shall be landed (as the case may be), then it shall and may be lawful for the said DireAors, or their Collector or Collectors, to detain the said Timber, Goods, Wares or Merchandize .till the said Rates and Charges, together with the reasonable Charges of keeping the said Timber, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall he paid and satisfied $ and in case such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall happen to be removed before the Rates and Charges payable for the fame shall be fully paid, then it shall be lawful for the said DireAors, or their said Collector or ColleAors, to take and diflrain any Goods or Chattels of the Owner, Confignor or Confignee refpec-tively, and to detain and fell the fame in manner before mentioned ; or the said Company shall and may prosecute any AAion or AAions at Law for Recovery of the said Duties.

XXVI. And be it further enaAed, That if any Mafter, Commander or Owner of any Ship or Veffela (hail at any time after the Rates and Charges by this AA charged shall become payable, elude or avoid the Payment thereof, by any Method whatsoever, such Mafter, Commander or Owner of such Snip or Veflel, shall (land charged with and be liable to the Payment of the fame; and the fame shall be recovered from such Mafter or Owner by the fame Method by which

f	Fines

459

Provifo as to Cafes when Dockage Rates not paid.

Eluding Payment of Rates,

&C.

+6o

former A& extended to Ad.

Expences of Ad#

Public Ad.

C. lxvi.	si* GEO. III.	AJ).i8n.

Fines and Penalties imposed by the laid Ad ire directed to be levied and recovered, or by any A&ion or Adiona at Law.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things in the said recited Ad contained, shall (as far as the fame are not hereby altered, varied or repealed) extend to and be executed, applied, used and put in Force to all Intents and Purpofes as to this Ad and the several Matters and Things therein contained ; and all the Clauses, Powers and Provifions of the said recited Ad and this Ad shall be put in Force, and used and applied for carrying into Execution the Purpofes of the said Ad and of this Ad ; and the (aid Ad and this Ad shall be construed together as one Ad, as fully and effectually as if all the Powers and Provisions, Matters and Things in the said Ad were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad and made Part thereof.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the palling of this Ad shall be paid out of the further Monies to be raised after the palling of this Ad, under the Provifions of the laid recited Ad or this Ad.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Judices and others, without being fpecially

SCHEDULE

*

A.D.iSii.	'5i0GEO.	III.	C.lxvi.

SCHEDULE to which this A6t refers:

SCHEDULE (A.)



No.			
on  PLAN.	DESCRIPTION.	OWNERS.	OCCUPIERS.
I.	Meadow	Right Honble Lord"]	
1		Carteret, Revd f Greville, and Ge- f neral Gower J	Gray.
			
\	- Do.	- Do. -	Showell.
3-	-Do.	- Do. -	Daniel Brent.
4-	- Do.	- Do.	Jofeph Read.
	’Garden, Workftiop,!		
5*  gr	Yard, New-built I		f Sexton, Watson,
o.	Cottage and Dwel- f	- Do. -	I Cole, Bell and others.
7*	. Xng. - J		
8.	Warehoufe and Wharf	- Do. -	f Meflrs. Blackett,  \ Gardner and Young.
9*	Do. and Do.	Do.	beech and Company.
xo.	Dwelling and Garden -	- Do.	Moffe Rigg.  C Houfelander and
ii.	J Two finall Dwellings 7	- Do. -	
	\ and Garden - J		X Townfend.
12.	f Wharf, Warehoufes \ I and Dwellings - f	- Do.	Taylor and Alloway.
J3-	f Small Dwellings in 1 i the PafTage to Pa- > I geant’s Stairs - J	- Do.	f Fifield, Smith, Pickup { and Harrifon. .
H-	Carver’s Shop	- Do.	Grayfoot and Coy.
I5-	PafTage to Stairs	. __	— —
16.	Public House and Yard	- Do. -	Chevet.
. I7*	f Dwelling House and) I Yard - J	- Do.	Taylor jun.
18.  19.	| Sheds and Warehoufes	* Do.	f Witt, and Coy and 1 Scott.
20.	Stave Yard	- Do. -	Taylor.
21.	Sheds, Dwelling and Yard C Dwelling, Wharf, 1 •i Sheds, Warehouses, >	- Do.	Scott.
22.		- Do.	Jennings.
	t Garden and Stable j		
23-	Wharf, &c.	- Do.	Rodgers.
24	CTwo Dwellings and7 X Gardens - J	* Do.	Branham and Scdger.
•	f Dwelling, Carpen- 1	.	
25*	•i ter's Shop and Gar- > t den - J	- Do,	Hutchinfon.
26.	Wharf and Warehoufes	- Do.	Jennings.
27*	i Dwelling, Outhoufesl .) and Garden - J	- Do.	Steel.
28.	Yard or Court	- Do.	Showell.

SCHEDULE

4fo

C. t’xvi.

510 GEO. in.

AJkiikit,

SCHEDULE B.

Per Rcgifler Ton,

6 6 and pafs

Dockage on Laden Ships,with 1 Permiffion of laying Six > Weeks	-	O

After that time, if remaining 1 with a Cargo on board, per > Week	-	-J

Or if remaining without a Cargo on board, pet Week Ships coming in light for the first Six Weeks And if exoeeding that time, per Week All Rigged Veflels coming to load Goods in the Dock Aft Ships to pay for docking	ic

A«4 for undocking 10 Ligliters, Barges Small Craft to without Charge.

Wharfage of Oak and other? heavy Timber per Load - f

Wharfage of Oak and other I heavy Planks per Load - f

Deck Plank 9pet Load

Wharfage on large Timber and - [ Mails, per Load	-11

Wharfage 00 ftnall Timber, / per Load	-	-1

. 1

Wharfage on Deals from the Baltic, per reduced Standard of 120

Wharfage on Deals from^w-ricaf per reduced Standard of 120	-

Wharfage On Oak Pipe and' 1 Hogihead Staves from the • 15 Baltic, per Tboirfafcd	«. I

Wharfage on Oak Barrel and’ 1 Heading Staves from the * 13 Baltic, per Thoufand

Wharfage on Hemp and Flax, per Ton

d.

1 o

O 2 O I

o 6

O I

o 9

f

o o

o o

5 0 i

f Rent while Hared on the Pre-‘ 3 mises of the Company, per \ i Load per Quarter Rent while stored 00 the Pre-' mises of the Company, per Load per Quarter

“Rent while stored on the Pre-1 mises of the Company, per ? Load per Quarter	-	J

‘ Rent while stored on the Pre-j mises of the. Company, per j Load per Quarter Rent while stored on Che Pre-1 mises of the Company, ter | Quarter fer reduced Standard j of 120

Rent while stored on the Pre-] mises of the Come

2 6 *

times ot toe Company, per {

Suarterper reduced Standard J 120	-	-J

ot 120

* Rent while stored on the Pre-mifes of the Company, per Quarter, per Thousand 1 ‘ Rent while stored on the Pre-mifes of the Company, per Quarter per Thoufand ‘Rent while stored or hoitfed on the Premifes the Company, per . per Toil

4 <

2 0

5 •

5 •

20 0

if

d -3

• ware-1 nifes oft Week |	1	0

Wharfage

A.D.iSi t.

C l*vi~4xxiw

51° GEO.

in.

Wharfage on Tallow,per Ton

> 1

Wharfage on Pitch, Tar and Turpentine per Barrel from * o America or elfewher*

Wharfage on Oil* 252 Cal- k

Iona* per Ton -

Wharfage on Whalebone, per Ton

Ufe of the Coppers for boiling ,1 of Blubber* 252 Galions, 1 *3 per Ton	-	•-1



6 <

3 * '

Rent while stored or ware-' faoufcd on the Ftftnifo of the Company, per Week per Ton *Rent while stored or ware-houfed on the Premifes of the Company, per Week per Barrel	-

Rent while stored or ware-houfed on the Premifes of the Company, per Week per Ton Reut while stored or ware-boufed on the Premifes of the Company, per Week . per Ton

4*3 x. d. o 6

o 2

I o

I o

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for veiling in the Justices of the Peace for the County of Rutland the New Gaol and Bridewell For that County, and the Ground purchased for the Scites thereof, and for confirming certain Rates and Proceedings relative thereto.

[14th May 1811/J

Cap. lxviii.

An Aft 19 repeal certain Parts of an A A of His prefect Majesty X} o. j.c.64* for building Two Chapels, and providing Burial Grounds thereto* in the Town of Birmingham, in the Coanty of Warwick, and for amending the said Adi.	[14th May 1811.J

Cap. beix.

An Act for building and eftablilhing a Church or Chapel of Eale, at Buxton, ia the County of Derby.	[14th	May	181s.]

Cap. lxa.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Bridge over the River Clyde9 near Garion and Dal/erf, in the County of Lanark.

[14th May 1811.3

Cap. Ixxi*

An Act for repealing so much of an Aft of His mefent Majesty, 34 0.3. c. zoo. avrrlalrj to making a Public Way over Fofdyke Wafts, in the County of Lincoln; and for granting further rowers for building a Bridge over the said Walh.	[14th	May	z8'n.J

[Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. Ixxii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His pre- 30 0.3. c. 1x4., lent Majesty, tor repairing the Road from Bromham Bridge, in the County of Bedford, to Olney, and other Places, in the County of Bucks. (c)	[14th	May	1811.I

[Additional Trujlees!\

Cap.

4*4

C.lxliii, lxxix.

AJ).i8ii.

4 G. 3. c. 6x. 25 G.3.C.107.

35 G. 3 c. 164.

30 G. 3. c. 100.

9 G. 3. c. 86. 11 G.3.C.57.

6 G. 1. c.25. it G. 1. c. 10. a8 G. 2. c. 30. 9 0.3. c. 64. ; 18 G.3. c.8i.

6g 3.C.68.

alG.3. C.9&.

5f GEO. III.

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A As of Hn present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Derby to Maiuftli, and several other Roads in the County of Nottingham. (b)

[14th May 1811.]

£.Additional Truflees. Former Tolls to ccafc, an// mw 7o/Zr jrnsfci. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Guide Poft below Haddon y out of the Bakewell “Turnpike Road-, by Grx;i Milt, into, the Bentley and AJhbourne Turnpike Road, in d: County of Derby. (£)	.	[14th	May	i8u	1

£Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. Ixxt.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His prrfcrt Majessy, for repairing the Roads from Little Sheffield, in tie County of Tork, to Sparrow Pit Gate, and several other Places in the County of Derby; and for amending and making certain other Roads to communicate therewith. (6)	[14th	May	1811.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.	Double Toth ot

Sunday."]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Aft to continue and amend an Aft of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from Fojbrook, in the Parifh of Dilion, to Cbcdletony in the County of Stafford. (a)	[14th May	1811.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Afts of His prefeat Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Baldock to RoyJU*> and from Royjlon to Bourn Bridge, in the Counties of Hertford and ■ Cambridge. (a)	£	14th	1811	]

[Additional Truflees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls grant 11]

Cap. lxxviii.	1

An Act for continuing and amending several Afts for repairing tie Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to BiggU/wk in the County of Bedford; and other Roads therein deficribcd. (0)

[14th May 181 i.j i £Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. J

Cap. lxxix. #	I

An Act for reviving, continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers | of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from j Wimbome Minjler to Blandford Forum, in the County of Dorset.[b) \

£ x 4th May 1811 ]

[Additional Truflees J

Caf.

A.D.i8n.	51* GEO. lit.	C.lxxx—Ixxxi*.	46$

Cap. Ixxx.

An A A for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or near 9G*3*«.55. a Place called The Five Oaks, in the Parifh of Billingfhurfl, in 3° G. 3»«, nx. the County of Sujsex, to join the Horfbam and Guildford Turn pike Road on Broadbridge Heath, in the said County, (a)

[14th May X8XI.3

[Double Tolls on Sunddy]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Afts of Mis present 9O3. c.43. Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Golford Green9 in the »9°*3*c*^4* Parifh of Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Road in the Parifh of Sand* hurjit and from the Green near Benenden Church to Rofoendtn Croft, in the Cpunty of Kent, (a)	[14th	May x8li.]

[jFormer Tolls to cedfe, and Hew Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Aft to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His present Majessy, for repairing several Roads to and from Shawbury, in the County of Salop, (?)	[14th	May x8li.J

Additional Tnflees.^

Cap. lxxxiii

An Act for allotting and inclofmg Lands in the Parifh of Brightwell, in the County of Berks, (q. P.)	[14th	May 1 Six.]

Cap. lxxxi7.

An Act for enclosing Lands in the Parifh of Fyfiejd, in the County of Berks, (q. P.)	[14th	May 181I.J

* Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. f 23.

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for inclofmg Lands in the Parifh of Garjington in the County of Oxford, (q. P.)	[14th	Mdy	l8il.J

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for enclosing, and exonerating from Tythes, Lauds in the Parifh of Little Ponton othertrife Little PAunt on y in the County of Lincoln. (q. P.)	[14th	May	181	i.J

Cap. (xxxvii.

An Aft fof inclosing Lands in the Manors of Llanfyllitt and Mechen Ucboed\ in the County of Montgomery. (q. P.) [14th May 181I.J

Cap. Ixxxviii.

An Act for ioctosing, and exonerating from Tythes, Lands' in the Parifh of Somerbyr iit the County of Lincoln (q P.)

[14th May 1811.]

Cap. Ixxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Teirlref in the County of Montgomery. (q. P.)	[14th	May iCli.J

51 Geo. III.

Cap.

ilh

4«6

Crxc—c.

AJJ.iSiu

SI* GEO. in.

Cap~ xc.

An A ft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Beeley* in the County of Derby, (q. P.)	[14th May 1811.]

“ Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. $ 18,191 20.

Cap. xci.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parifit of IVilden, in the County of Bedford, (q. P.)

[ 14th May 1811]

44 Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § ao.

Cap. xcii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of AJlley, in the County of Wonejter. (q. P.)	[14th May 1811.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for inclosing Lands ip the Parifhes of Wejlbury upon Try a, Henbury and Compton Greenfield* in the.County of Ghnucfltr. (q-P.)	[14th May	i8n.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Townfhipi of Leighton and Thornton* in the Parifh of Great Nefiou* in the County of Chefier.	(q.P.)	£i4th May	1811]

Cap. xcr.

An Act for allotting, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parifhes of Great Chifhill and Little Chijhill, in the County of EJfex. (q.P.)	[14th May	1811.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Linds is the Farifh of Pirton, m the County of Hertford, (q. P.)

' [14th May 1811.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Tovmfhip of Ofgodhy, and Parifh of Hemingbrough, in the LA Riding of the County of fork. (q. P.) tHth May 1811.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pariflies of Lyont* Kill, Cionoclie, Celbridge and Donnacompott, in the County of Kildare. (q.P.)	[14th May 1811.J

Cap. xcix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Stewilej, in the County ,.of Buckingham.	(q.P*)	[14th May 2811. J

“ Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes, f 25, 26.

Cap. c.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Woolhamptm* and other Parifhes and	Places therein mentioned, in the County of

Merit. (q.P.)	[14thMay

Ctf.

A.D.1811.

C.ci—cviii.

467

51° GEO. III.

Cap. ci.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads 5® 0*3 e.io*. in the County of Stirling and the Road from or near from the West End of the Town of Linlithgow to Stirling, in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, (£)	[21ft	May 1811.3

Cap. cii.

An Act for‘improving the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.	[21ft May 1811.3

Cap. ciii.

An A ft to enable Doftor Robert John Thornton to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with Several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance. .	[21ft May 1811.3

Cap. civ.

An A£t ifor altering and enlarging the Powers of an ACt of His 47 G. 3. S«£ a. present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the «• !***•

Pari lb of Saint Michael, in the Liberties of the City of Limerick, and adjoining the said City, and for preventing and removing Nuifances therein.	[21ft Map 1811. J

[Former Rate is, 6d, repealed, and Rate of 3*. levied,.]

Cap, cv.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of several ACts of His present 8G.3ze.38. Majesty, for making and maintaining the Birmingham Canal Na< 9G,3* c«53* vigations, and for further extending and improving the fame.	G*3	**9*-

[aift May 1811.3

*4 G. 3. SeflT. ft. c. 4. 34 G. 3. c. 87. 46 G. 3. c xciL

Cap, cvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal and a Railway or Tram Road from the River Burry, at or near the Village of Penclawdd, in the Parifti of Lanridian, into the Townftiip of Borough of Loughor ; and divers Branches therefrom, all in the County of Glamorgan.	[21ft	May 1811 .J

Q12,000/, and, if necessary, 8,000/. additional.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for better aflefling and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates of the Parifti of Clapham, in the County of Surrey ; and to. alter, enlarge, rebuild or repair the present Workhouse, and to regulate the Poor thereof, and for other Purpofes relating thereto ; and to amend so much of an Aft of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for rebuilding a Parifti Church, as 14 a. 3. relates to the aflefling the Church Rates by the Land Tax.

[21ft May 1811.3

Cap. cviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His pre- 33 G* 3*c sent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Jpfwich to the Stole Inn Road, and from Clay don to the Bury St, Edmund's Road, and from Taxley Bull to Eye and Lanthorn Greenin the County of Suffolk, (r)	'	[21ft	May i8ti.]

[New Trujlees, Former Tolls repealed, and new Toils granted.]

H h 2	Cap*

8G..?.c.3 5-30 G.3. c. 9a

6 G.3. c.8o a6 G.3. c.149.

36 a 3. c. 141.

C. rix—cxvi.	^51* £EO. IJL	AJ).i8n.

Cap. cif.

An Act for making and mainlining a Rpad \fytyfi /Cjpgjfa* «/« Thames to Leather head, in the County pf Surrey, (h)

{2i& M*y 1811.]

Cap. px»

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of Hi* present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudburfi’, in the.County of punt. (r)

[21ft May 1811.]

[Additional Tolls.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Long Prefit ts Sawley, in the Wed Riding of the County of Tork. (a)

[21ft May 1811.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts, of His pit-fent jyfajefty, for repairing the Roads .from Brimming ton and Chcjter-field, to several Places, all in the County of Derby. (<x)

[21ft May 1811.]

[Additional Tnfiees. Former Tolls repealed\ and new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls Oft Sunday.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft, of Hiiprr* sent Majesty, tor repairing the Road from Little Tarmontb to Blythburgh, and from Brampton to Halefworth, in the County of Suffolk, (b)	[21ft	May	i8n.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for effeftuating an Agreement between the Reverend Antkm Hamilton Doftor of Divinity, Reftor of the Reftory and Pariih Church of Great Hadham, in the County of Hertford, and Jena Gordon Esquire; and for accelerating the Sale to the (aid Jena Gordon of certain Lands heretofore enjoyed, as Parcel of the hid Restory, for the Purpofe of redeeming the Land Tax of such 1 Reftory. (q. P.)	[aifl	May	1811]	1

Cap. cxv.	|

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townfltip and Pariih of S#t»

: Rofs, in the East Riding of the County of Tork. (q. P.)	1

*	[21ft	May	181	i.J

Cap. cxvi.

An Aft £0 enable the Mailer and Brethren of the Hofpital of King James, in Gatcjhcqd, in the County of Durham, to grant Leafes of Lands thereto belonging, and to enable the Lord Bifhop of Dnr» ham to make Statutes and Ordinances for the Governjnent'of the laid Hofj>it*l. [q. P.)‘ *	[11&	May	iSn.]

Cf



C. cxviU—cxxvi.'

510 dsa nr.

ckvfi.

An Act for inclosing LaAds in the Parifhes of Newmarket and Cvm, in the Countyof Flint. (qJ P.)	[2'ift	May	1811.]

41 Allotment to'Hft hiajfcll'y. § j8.

Cap. cxvill;

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pari (lies of Llanarmon9 Handegla and Bryneglwys, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, (q. P.)

[2lft May l8ll.]

“ Allotment to His Matefty. § i^.

Cap. cxlx.'

An Act for inefofiAj? Lands in the Parifhes of Fundcnhafl and Ajh-wellth^rfe', in the County of Norfolk'. (q.P.)	[2	ift	May	i8ll.]

Cap: cxx•

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Stoke Ta Image, in the County of Oxford, (q. P.)	[21 ft May l8l I.J

44 Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes, $ 16.

Cap\ cx*i.

An Act for inclosing and embanking Lands within the Townfhips of Warton with Lindeth and Silverdale, in the Parifh of Warton, in the County Palatine of Lancajtir. (q. P.)	[2ill may l8n.]~

44 Allotment to His Majfcfty.' j 20. '

Cap. cxxii:

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from or near the Public Wharf of the Brecknock and* Abergavenny Canal,, in thq Parifh of Saint John the Evangefif, in the County‘of Brecon, to* or near to a certain Place called Parton Croft, in the Parifh’ of Ear-di/lcy, in the County of Hereford.	[25	th	May	x8il	]

[50,000/. artd'ifnece/Jary 15,00bI. additional-

Copi ekxtu.

An Act for making a Railway from the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canbt, it* tHev Parifh of LlanWenarth, to or nedr' to Llanvihangel Crucorneyi in‘the County of Monmouth.	[25th	May	1811,]

[20|Obof. and if necessary. 15,000/. additionalr.J

Cap.cxxiv.

An Act for inclosing, draining and embanking Lands in Bratsnton, in the County of Devon*	[25th	May	1811.J

Cap: cxxv.'

An Act for more Equally aflefling and collecting the Poor’ Rates, 'in the Parifh of Bromley Saint Leonard, in the County of M'tddlrfex.

[25th'May itfli.j

Cap. cxxVi.

An Act for repairing, enlarging' and improving the Parifh Churfch of Hungtrfird, in the Counties of' 2fcr£r'and Wilts.

[25th Jlfojr 18x1.3

H h 3	Cap.

47®.

C. cxxvii—cxx^v.

A.D.t8n>

*3 0. *. c.17. repealed.

9 G. 3. c. 74. i port repealed, and 33 G. 3 c.163. and 44 G. 3 c.li. repealed.

iS G.j. €.71. J0O.3.C.39.

SI* GEO. m.

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Haddington; and for repdering more effectual the Statute Labour of the said County, (b)	[23th	May	1811.}

“ 9 G. 3. e. 74. as to regulating the Statute Labour, and as amended by this Aft, made perpetual.

Cap. exxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Pudfcy, in the Parifli of Catverley9 in the West Riding of the County of Tori. (q. P.)

[25th May 1811.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands inv or belonging to the Pariikee of

Cai/lorf North Kelfcy, South Kelfcy% Clixby, Grqfby and Scarhy cum Owmby, in the County of Lincoln. (q. P.)	[25th	Mhy	1811.]

“ Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § 24.

Cap. exxx.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands, in the fevml Parifhes of Biddejlone Saint Nicholas, Biddefione Saint Peters and Slaughtcrford, in the County of Wilti. (q. P.) [25th May iSn.J

Cap. cxxxu

An Act for inclosing Qucrnmorc Moor within and Pared of the ‘ Foreft of Qucrnmore, in the Parilh of Lancaftert in the County Palatine otLancaftcr. (q. P,)	* [25 th May 1811.J

€< Allotment to His Majesty. § 28.

Cap. cxxxii.

An 'Aft for enlarging the Powers of T.wo Afts of His prefect Majesty, for inclosing and embanking the Marfh called Maildraetb and Corfddaugau, in the County of Anglefey ; and for draining sod preferring the inclosed Lowlands contiguous thereto.

[jift May i8ir ]

Cap. cxxxiii.

^n Ad for making and maintaining a Railway from or near Spittal, in the County or Durham, to Kclfa, in the County of Roxburgh; and for erecting and maintaining a Bridge oyer the River Tweed from the Parim of Nor ham, in the County of Jjurham, to the Pariih of Coldjlrcam, ift theCotinty of Berwick. £31 ft May 1811.] [100,000 /. and if necessary 50,000 /. additional.J

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for providing a Chapel of Eafe and an additional Burial Ground for the Parifii of Saint Mary IJlingtdn• in the County of Middltfcx.	[31 ft Miay 1811.J

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act for authorizing the Payment into the Bank of England, under the Direftion of His Majesty’s High Court of Chaneery, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, of the ’ Portions provided for the younger Children of the Moll Honourable

AJD.iHiu

C.cxxxy—cxliii.

51® GEO. III.

able Arthur late Marquis of Downshire, by the Mod Honourable Alary now Marchioupfs Dowager of Dovnfhire and Baronefs * Sandyi, by the Settlement < made after, in pursuance df Articles executed before their Marriage, and for exonerating the £ dates eomprifed in the said Articles and Settlement from the fame, (q. JP.)	[31ft	May	1811.3

Cap. cxxxvi.

A n Aft for enabling the Archbifhop of Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leafes of Edates at Deal and Cliffc, in the County of Kent, belonging to the See of Canterbury $ and for other Purpofes. (q. P.)	[31ft	May	181 i.J .

411

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Elmswell, Great AJh* field, Hunfton and Norton, in the County of Suffolk, (q. P.)

[3id May i8|i.]

(c Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes § 17.

Cap. cxxxriii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Hampton, father County of .  Middlesex. (q. P.)	[3id May	i8ji.]

?* Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § 20, 23,24. No Leaf;

“ by Vicar of Hampton of Lands in Right of Vicarage of Hampton

“ good without the Confent of the Ring. § 28. Allotment to the*

u Ring. § 31.

Cap. exxxix.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parifhes of Wells next the Sea,

Warham All Saints, Warham Saint Mary Magdalen and Warham Saint Mary the Virgin, in the County of Norfolk.	(q.	P.)	•

£3id May iSjiJ

Qap. cxl.

fin Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Killington, in the Parilh of Kirkby Lonfdale, in the Couuty of Wcjlmorland. (q. P. V

[3id May

* Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § 25, 26.

Cap. cxli.

An Act for inclodng Lands in the Parifh of TjlehurJl, in the County of Berks, (q. P.J	[31ft	May	iSli.J

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Padures and other Commonable and Wade Lands in the several Parifhes of Beenham and Padworth, in Berks, (q. P.)

[31ft May 18x1.]

Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. £ 22, 23, 24, 25*

Cap. cxliii.

Aft for the Improvement of the Port and Town of Liverpool, * ofi^t'x.PR. and amending the several Afts relating tc* the Docks, Quays and ti CJ.Vc.32. 9ther Works belonging to the said Port. £ioth June 18x1.] 1 G.3 c.86.

CrC*liy--clL

s^Gsa in.

AJ).i3h.

4J%

Cap, cxliv.

Ap Aft. for malting a Harbour and Wet Dock, at or near Saint Sif-c kolas Bay, in the Parifh of Saint Nicholas and All Saints, ia the Ifle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; and for making, a Navigable Canal from the said Harbour to the City of Canterbury.

[loth /irsMSu.]

[160,090/., and if.necessary 8o,QpO h additional Cap* qxlv.

Aft A A to enable the Company of Proprietors qf the KentWater ^hoojoooh]	Works to raise a further Sum of Money*, and to alter and enlarge

49 0.3.	the Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for making the faid

fecfesiuEt	Water	Works, and to extend the fam[10th Jane i|ix.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for payings cleaning, lighting and watching the Street1, and otherwise regulating the Police of the Town of Dumfries. (I)

[10th June 18ti.]

w-a7 (?. 3. c. 57. as to paving, lighting, and; cleanfieg Dumfries “ and regulating the Police, and railing an AffcfTment for those P«-u. pofep, repealed.

Cap. cxlvii.

so G. s. c. 7; An Act for improving the. Harbour of DumfriesT and the Navigation 4G.J.655. of the River Nith.	[ loth Junf 181 i.j

3* 57*	/i .

la part repealed.	Caf- cxlviu.

Art Aft for extending , the Horse Towing Path on the Banks of the

River Severn from IVorcefter Bridge to a certain Place below the

City of Glouccftcr, called the Lower Parting, situate at the Comer

pf Pbrtham Mead, in the County of Gloueejler. [10th June 1811.]

[10,poo/, and if necessary 5,000/. additional

Cap. cxlix.

An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Parifh of LLuufi, in the County of flint.	[10th	June xSn.J

u Allotment to His Majesty. § 41.

x	Cap. cl.

Xa Csr.a. e.37. An Act for amending an Aft of King Charles the Second, for making the Precinft of Covent Garden Parochial; and for increasing the $tjpqqds pf thp Reftor, Curate, Clerk and Sextons of the bid Pwft.-	[loth	June 1811.]

Cap. cli.

foG.3,c. ns. An Aft tq#t^Ue(the Yeftrymea of the Parifh-of Saint Mary Is Bom, 46 G3* C,4°;	®	County of MidMesex,	to build a new Parifh Church, and

Two or more Chapels 5 and fqr. otbpr Purpofes relating thereto.

[10th June x8u.]

* Vcftiymep under 35 CL c. 73. to cany Aft into execution. § u

C*b

AD'jftirt

p0 GEOi Ul>

C. clii—clr.

473>

Cap. cliL

An Act for repairing the Parifli Church of &tYn*7ij,inthe County of Kent.	[loth June	i8tiij

Gap* cLni.

An Act for amending an Aft of His. prefer* Majesty, for more equally and effectually a (Telling and collecting the Poor Rates, within the Parifli of Saint Botolpb •without Aldgate, in the County of Mid-dlefex*	[loth June	18-11,3,

Cap. cliv.

Ah Aft Tor paving, improving and regulating the Streets and Public Places in the Borough and Parifl* of Barnjlable ; and for the better Regulation of the. prefont Markets, and providing others therein.	[10th June	1811.]

Cap, clr.

An Aft far paving and improving the- Streets and other Public Barrages and Places which are or shall be made upon a Piece of Ground belonging to the Brewers' Company, in the P&rilh of Saint Pom-cras9 in the County of Middleftx.	[i©th June	1811.]

Cap. clvi.

An Aft. for making, a Public Carriage Road from Kentifl Town, to Upper Holloway, in the County ofMiddlefex. (£) .

[toth-JW 1811.]

Cap. clvii.

An Aft^ for making and maintaining a Road from Ightham, in the County of Kent, to the'Turnpike Road leading from London to Maidfione, in theTaid County. (b)	[loth June 18n.]

Cap• clviii.

An Aft* for repairing the Road through the Patrifties of Sdint Michael, Shim Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlefcx. (a)

[10th June 1811.]

[Additional Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. clix*

An Aft to continue and amend Two Afts of Sis present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Borough oi Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall; and for amending certain other Roads palling through the said Borough and the Parilh of Lanhydrock9 in the laid County, (r)	[loth June 18Ik]

[New Trustees. New Tolls. Double Tolls am Sunday.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for inck>$ng Land* in the Manor and Parifli of Kir/lington9 in the Couuty of Oxford, (q. P.)	[loth June .1811.]

f* Allotment and Compcnfatipn for Tithes, f 19. 2s.

Cap.

SO G. 3. c. ccix.

31 G. 3. c. 108. repealed.

9 G. 3. c.69. ^ %6 G. 3. c. 119.

C. olxi—clitvi.

5^ geo. ra.

A.D.1811.

Cap, clxi.

An Act for dndofing Lands in the Parifii of New Radnor* in the ' County of Radnor. (q. P.)	[loth June	iSil.j

44 No Leafe made by Reftor of New Radnor of his Allotment with* « out the Cpnfent qf Hit Majesty. § 26.

Cap. clxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifiies of DolgeUey and Llangelynin, commonly ealled Cclynin, in the County of Merioneth.

[roth June1811.]

*	Allotment to His Majesty. $ 18, 19. Note. This Aft does not u contain the Publick or Evidence ClAufe.

Cap. clxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tovnfhip of Laugfet othenrifr Langfxdt, in the Parifti of Penifton, in the West Riding of tie County of York, (q. P.)	[10th	June	1811.]

** Allotment to His Majesty. § *4. Allotment and Compeofatioq " for Tithes. § 24.

Cap. clxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pari(h of Buriam, iq the County of Kent. (q. P.)	[loth	June	1811.]

Cap, clay.

Aji Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifiies of Llanarthney* LLnrn* Llandebyc and Llanfihangtl Aberhy thick % in $he Cqunty of Car• martben. (5. P«)	[10th	June	i8}ij

Cap. clxvi.

An Act for erecting a Bridge over the River Thames from or near the Three Qrpnet, in the Parifiies of Saint James Garfck Hythe and Saint Martin Vintry* in the City of London, to the oppoiite Bank of the said Riven in phe Parifti of Saint Saviour, in tip County of Sv^rrey ; and for making proper'Streets and Avenues to communicate therewith.	[15th	June	1811.]

4 TT7HEREAS from the great Increafe of Buildings and of 4 W Population in the Borough of Southwark, and the Pariflxs

*	and Places contiguous thereto, and in a £ine of Communication 4 therewith, great Inconvenience and Interruptions are occasioned to 4 the Tranfit of Carriages of act Defcriytions, and to Perfons passing 4 over London Bridge; and it will be of Advantage to the Inha-4 bitants of the said Borough of Southward and of the Parifiies and 4 Places lying adjacent thereto, and also to the Inhabitants of the 4 City of London and the Public in general, if a Bridge was ene&ed 4 over the River Thames, from or near a certain Wharf or Place called 4 The.Three Cranes, situate on the North Bank of the laid River, 4 in the Parifiies of Saint Janies Garlick By the and Saint Merita 4 Vintry, in the City of London, to the opposite Bank pu the South 4 Side of the said River, in the Parifh of Saint Saviour in the County 4 of Surrey, and if proper Streets and Avenues were made to com-4 municate with the said Bridge on the North and South Rods

4	<	thereof

A.D.i8ii,	$1*	GEO.	HI.	Q>clxyu.	4JJ

•	thereof rtfpe&ivelf : And whereas the several Perfons hereinafter

•	named are willing and desirous, at their own Coils and Charges,

•	to make and maintain fnch Bridge, and widen and make Streets

•	communicating therewithMay it therefore plqafe Your Majesty that it may be enaQed; and be it enacted by the King’s Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament afTtm- .

bled, and by the Authority of the fame. That Sir William Abdy proprietors Baronet, William Abbott, Daniel Adams, Mary Allmond, Anne All- N^nyw. mond, John Allnutt, Barclay, Berlins and Company; Charles Bar-tram, Elhanan Bicknell, the Reverend Henry Bliniinfop, Thomas Brand ram, Charles Burrell, James Browell, Thomas Blunt, Charles Bums, James Brewer, David Caddell, Robert Child, William Child Senior, William Child Junior, Ward J. Chriflie, Richard Clarke,

Richard Cox, Thomas Croucher, John Cur wood, A. Davidfon, John Dallimore, Frederick Dietrickfon, Michael Dodd, Thomas Elgar, C. Augustus Efcbke, Samuel Evans, William Ferrant, Thomas Fitzgerald,

Sir Charles Flower Baronet, G. Gorft, N. Graham, William Greavest .

Robert Griffin, George Gwilt, Godwin and Company, Gilbert Hands-syde, Gilbert Handcsyde, John Harter, John Hammett, William Higley,

Charles Hutton, James Jacks, John Jaclfon, James Johnfon, William Jjfcri's, Alexander Johtijlqn, George JuRan, Henry Keiijingtofh Thomas king, Benjamin Kent, H. Ladbrooke, John Leech, John, Lceke,

S. Lobb, James Lomas, Robert Lyfon, Robert Lyfon, John Sudlow,

William Mar da U, R. Mar doll, D. Mardall, L. Mar line au, John Maud, James Milines, William Moyfes, Charles Motley, J, P.

Mufpratt, Nixon Mudford, Andrew Najb, George Najb, Thomas Hcttle/bipp, William Nettljbipp\ Samuel Nettlejbipp, John Newman, -N. Nicbolls, M. A• OJlen, A. C. D. Ojbourn, Samuel Paynter, John Paynter, Lewis Palejle, Robes t Pott, Arthur Pott, Charles Trice,

James Pitcher, John Perrell, George Ranking, Benjamin Rankin»

Richard Rankin, Jofcph Ranking, Ramjbottom and Company, John RamJbottQm, J. Ramjbottom Junior, Richard Ramjbottom, James Ramjbottom, William Rothercy, J- P. Ripley, Hor• Ripley % the Reverend William Ripley, George Ripley, Philip Ripley, F, P. Ripley,

Samuel Robinfqn, William Salts, Jofcph Sales, Wiuiam Stoffell, Robert Slade, William Slade, John Snowden, William Lcgh Snowden, Thomas St anger, Hugh Stanger, John Tayhr, Augujlut Thcfigcr, Robert Vaux,

William Walker, J* Watson, Robert Wat mere, Ralph WewUzer, John Whitehead, J* B»A. Wiltre, Jofcph IVifon, James Wilfon, G.lVilt-fiire, John IVyatt, Robert Withy, IV. IVylRs, Walter Honey wood Tata, Florence Toting, Count Zenobio, and all and every Pcrfan and Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall at any time hereafter subscribe dr contribute to the raiGog of the Capital hereinafter mentioned, and their refpeSive Succeflors, Executors, Adminiltrators and Afligns, shall be and are hereby accordingly united into a Company for the carrying on, making, completing, widening and maintaining the said Bridge, Streets and other Works hereby authorised to be made, according to the Rules, Orders and Directions hereinafter mentioned and expressed, and shall for that Purpofe be One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name and Style of u The Southwark Bridge Companyand by that Name shall have perpetual Succeflion and a Common Seal; and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued; and also shall and may have .......	-	-	* "full



Company may raile among themselves a Sum not exceeding 400,0001

Shares personal Eilat*.

Subfcribers to have Votes according to Number of Shares. Not to exceed Five Votes,

G* clxvi.	51* CxE(5. lit	Ajjzttin.

fill Power and Authority to ptirchkfe Lauds, Tetie'mefils and Hereditaments, to them and their SuceefTors, for the Ufe of the {aid Bridge, Streets and other Works hereby authorized to beJ widened and made, and* for the several other Puroofes herein mentioned, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain ; and alio to refeil any of the Lands, tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Aft in manner hereinafter irientioned.

II.	And be'it further enacted, That it shall be‘lawful for the' Grid Company of Proprietors to raiferand contribute arhohg thern-fe4ves any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding irr the whole'the Sum of* FViur hundred thousand Pounds (except as hereinafter is mentioned), which faitl Sum or Sums of Money shall be laid out aid applied in the first Place in discharging the ExpenceS of obtaining and pafling this Aft; and of the Surrey*, Plans and Eft inflates, and other incidental Ex pences relating thereto, and then for and towards the making and completing^of the said Bridge, and paying the Par-chafe Money for the Memiages, Lands and Hereditaments hereby authorized to be purchased, and for the * forming, widening, making and completing of the necessary Streets thereto, and otherwise for putting this Aft into Execution, and that the Grid Sum of Fbur hundred thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One btiudred Pounds each; and that the faid’ Shares shall be and they are hereby veiled in the said several Perfons, and Bodies ’ Politic, Corporate or Collegiate so fnbfcriblng? and their federal and respective Executory Adminillrators, Succeflors and’ Affirms, to their and every ‘of thrir proper Ufe and Benefit, proportionabiy to the Sums they shall fever-aHy pay and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Perfons, their several and refbeftive Succeflors, Executors, Adminiftfators and Afsigns, who shall levefally fubfenbe for One or more Share or Shares, mall be entitled to and receive an equal proportionable Part, according to the Mbriey so by them refpeftiveiy paid,' of the Profits and Advantages that fhxfl and may arile and accrue by the Tolls, Rates and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered or received by the said Company of Proprietors by the Authority of this Aft, as hereinafter mentioned; and every Biody Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and Perfon and Perfor.5 having such Property in the said Undertaking as aferesaid, fh*lf bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame* in manner herein directed and appointed,

III.	And be it further enacted, That all and' every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Perfon and Perfons of and in the said Undertaking, or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be deemed Perfonal Eftate and tranfmiflible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Perfon or Perfons who shall, by virtue of this Aft, nave fubferibed or undertaken for Five Shares in the said Undertaking, his, her or their respective Suc-ceffors, Executors, Adminillrators and Afsigns, shall have one Vote in the several Aflemblies to be holden as hereinafter appointed for canrying on the said Undertaking, for such Five Shares, and if poflefied of Ten Shares Two Votes, if Fifteen Sham Thitr Votes,

and

A-D.iftn*

C.clxvi.

477

jr GEO- W.

and if Twepty Shares Fqur Votes, and Twenty five Shares and upwards Five Votes: and every Queftiop, Matter or Thing which shall he proposed, difcuiTed or considered in any General or Special General Ailembly of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes then present, bich Majority not being Iqfx than Two thirds of the Votes then present, computing the Votes as above mentioned, not exceeding Five Votes in the whole for each Proprietpr as a Fore said; provided that the Members present be poffeued qf not less than One hundred and fifty Shares, which Vote or Votes jiay be given by them, bun or her, or by their, his or her .Proxies or Proxy, constituted under the Seal of such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or under the Hand of such other Perfon, emery fuph Proxy being a Proprietor in the bud Undertaking, and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient to all Intents and JPurpofes as if such Principal had voted jti Perfon ; and every Question, Matter and Thing which shall be proposed, dif-cufied or considered in any General or Special General Aifembly of the said Company, shall be determined by the Majority of Votea and Proxies then present: Provided nevertheless, that no Perfon shall give or deliver in Proxies for more than Five Shares, the Appointment of which Proxies may be made according to the Form following:

*	T A.B. of	,	one	of	the	Pro-

*	prietora of the Southwark Bridge, do hereby nominate, conftitute

4 and appoint C. D. of	,	to	be	my

4 Proxy in my Name, and in my Abfence, to vote or give my Affent 4 or Diflent to any Bufinefs, Matter or Thing, relating to the bud 4 Undertaking, that shall be mentioned or proposed at any A (Terribly 4 of the said Company, in fueh manner as the (aid C.D. shall thins

*	proper, according to his Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit

*	of the said Undertaking, or any thing appertaining thereto. In 4 Witnefs whereof, I have hereunto fet my Hand, the

4 Day of	/

V* Provided always, and be it further enacted. That, from and after the first General Meeting to be held under this no Proprietor or Proprietors shall be deemed to be qualified or entitled to vote, who has or have not poflefted bis, her or their Shares, and whose Name or N****?8 hath or have not been entered in manner hereinafter directed, in the Books of the said Company, as the Pof-feffor or PofleflqrH and Proprietor or Proprietors Qt such Shares, for the Space of Six Months then next .preceding, at any General pr Special General Aflembly of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, under Paiu of forfeiting his, her pr their said Shares, and all Benefit, profit and Advantage, due and to become due thereoq, to the Ufe of the (aid Company, unless it ,shall appear that it shall be owing to the Default of the Clprk of the (aid Company, that the said Party so claiming to vote as afgresaid, hap pqt he^n. entered in the Books of the said Company, as herein directed, or to the De* fault of any other Perfon other thaji the Party fq claiming to vote as aforesaul: Provided allq, that no proprietor or Proprietors (bail be or be deemed to be entitled to vote for any Shares, uqjefs be poCfcft the fame bona fide and in his own Right, and not in the Right or as tht Property of any other Perfon whorasoever, upon Pain of forfeiting

Form of Appointment of Proxies,

Proprietors not entitled to vote unle&pofleffed ef Shares Six Calendar Months*

Provif#,

47?

C.dxvL

A.D.1811.

ji°G£0. m.

Fower to raise a fwthet Sum.

Piper tortile such, further Sum by Mort-pge or Annui-tiefc

felting the said Shares, and all Benefit, Profit and Advantage, doe and to become due thereon, to the Ufe of the said Company.

VI.	And be if further enacted, That in case the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, hereinbefore authorized to be railed, U be found inefficient for the building and completing of the said Bridge, and the widening, forming and making of the said Streets, and other Works hereby authorized to be made, and all neceflkry Charges aud sixpences relating thereto, and fiich other Charges and Expences as afore (kid, then and in such case, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, to raise and coa-tribute among themselves in manner and form alforefaidj and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or to Faife by the Admiffion of new Subfcribers, any further or other Slim of Money for perfe&ing the said Undertaking, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, and all and every Perfon and Perfoii8, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Subfcribers towards railing such further or other Sum of Money, shall be a Pro. prietdr or Proprietors in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote or Votes in. respect of every of his, her or their Sham of the said additional Sum to to be railed, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and (band interested in all the Profits of the said Under-taking, in proportion to the Sum he, (he or they shall 01* may fob-icribe thereunto, and generally and extendvely to all Intents sod Por-poses, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be fubferibed lor, and raised as aforesaid, had originally been Part of the (aid Sub of Four hundred thousand Pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That id case the (aid Company of rroprietors shall be desirous of railing the hid Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the (aid Undertaking, it shall and may be lawful to and for the laid Company of Proprietors to borrow and take up at Interei all or any Part of the (aid Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, either by way of Mortgage of the said Bridge, and the Tolls, Pont* age or Duties thereof, or by granting Annuities, to be payable out of the said Tolls, Pontage or Duties of the said Bridge, during the natural Life of the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, or of fock Perfon or Perfons as shall be nominated by and on the Behalf of fad Purchafer or Purchafers; which Annuity or Annuities shall be granted and made payable either with or without Benefit of Surmor-snip, and in such manner as the said Company of Proprietors dull think proper; and the said Company are hereby fully authorized ind empowered, under their Common Seal, to grant or alfign over the said Bridge, and the Tolls, Pontage or Duties thereof, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to to be borrowed, with Intereft for the fame, or for the due and regular Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities so to be granted, as to them (hallfeem meet.

VIIL And be it further enacted. That every such Grant or Affignment so to be given as a Security for any (uch Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed by way of Mortgage, shall and may be made in the Words following, or by any other Words to the like Effe& j that is to fay,

\K

.D.i8n-	51*	GEO. III.	C.clxvL	479

t

T5 Y virtue of an Ad made and palfed in the .Fifty first Year of the Form of Most* Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Ad [here fit forth the Title of the Ad~\, We, the Southwark Bridge Company, incorporated under and by virtue of the laid Ad, in con-^deration of the Sum of	to us lent

and advanced by A%B. of

do grant and convey unto the laid A.B. his or her Executor!, Adminiftrators and Amgns, the said Bridge, and Toll House or Toll Houfes thereunto belonging, and all and singular the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Ad, and all our Right, Title and IntereS of, in and to the fame, To hold unto the said A.B.{a) Succefibraor Executors, Adminiftrators and Ailigns, until the laid Sum of

with Intereft for the fame after the Rate of	per	Centum per Annum, shall be fully paid

and satisfied. Given under our Common Seal, this Day of	in	the	Year of Our Lord

(a) [3*0 in Original Ad.]

md all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate Mortgagme*. r Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, to whom such Grant or Con- tid^toSecunq^ eyance shall be made, shall be equally entitled to the respective 'ortions of the (aid Tolls and Revenues of the said Company of Proprietors, according to the respective Sums in such Alignment mentioned to be advaneed, to secure the Repayment of such refpec-ive Sums, with the Jnterect, without any Preference by reason of Priority of any Grant or Conveyance, or any other Account whatever.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That every Grant of any such FormofCva* Vnnliity, to be made as hereinbefore mentioned, shall and may be of Annuity, nade in the Words or to the Effed following; that is to fay,

TOY virtue of an Ad made and palled in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, Am Ad [here fit forth the Title of the Ad\ We, the Southwark Bridge Company, incorporated by and under the said Ad, in conlideratioa, of the Sum of	to	us paid by A.B. of

do grant unto the said A.B. (h) SuccefTors or Executors, Admi-niftrator* or Ailigns, out of the Tolls and Pontage Duties of the said Bridge and Undertaking, One Annuity or yearly Sum of ^	to	be paid and payable to the faid’yf.2?. (h)

Succeffors or Executors, Adminiftrators or Ailigns, for and during { the natural Life of	or	natural Lives of

1 [1/ more than One], and the Life of the Survivor of them [as the 1 case may he], and a proportionable Part of the said Annuity up to 1 the Day of the Dcceafe of	"or	to	the Day of the

r Deceafe of the Survivor of them [as the case may be~\. Given under ( our Common Seal, this	Day	of	in the Year

‘ of our Lord

And eveiy such Grant shall entitle the Purchafer or Purchafers of every such Annuity to the* Payment thereof, and to all Benefit and Advantage thereto accruing, according to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of this Ad.	(h)	[So in Original Ad.]

X.	And be it enacted, That a Tranfcript or Copy of every such Entries of Mart-, Grant or Conveyance, or an Entry or Memorial thereof, containing g*ges anHAnmii-the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money paid, IhaB tics m Com-

13	be	pa“>’s BooU

C. clxvi.

AD.rtu.



51• GBO.tlL

be made in a Book or Books to bo kept'for that PdTpose, by the Clerk or Clerks of the (aid Company, which Book or Books shall be peru fed at all seasonable times by any of the Proprietors of the hid Undertaking, without Fee or Reward.

Mortgages and XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfou and Annuities Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any fock transferable. Grant or Conveyance shall be made as aforesaid, may from time to time perfnnaily, or by Attorney thereunto lawfully authorized, assign and transfer such Grant or Conveyance to any Perfon or Pcrfoo>, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and so toties quoiiei; and that the Affignment and Transfer shall and may be made by IndoHr-■sent on such Grant or Conveyance, and in the Words or to the E'ffe& following, and be signed and sealed, or sealed (as the case ngr be) in the Prefence of One credible Witnefs, who shall subscribe ki Name and Place of' Abode thereto: that is to fay,

*	T A.B. [or We C. and D.] in coniideratioo of the Sum of

*	paid	by E.F. of

*	do	hereby	sfflign	and	transfer the within Security, and

*	all my [or our] Right, Title and Interect, in and to the fame, ard

*	all Benefit and Advantages to arise therefrom, unto the said E.F,

€	SuccefTors	or	Executors, Adminiftrators and

4 Afligns. Witnefs my Hand and Seal, [*r our Haods and Seals, •*er our Common Seal] this	Day	of

4 in the Year of our Lord	*	/

Entries ofTrans. feit in Cum-pany's Books.

Fee.

Intereft and Annuities paid Half-yearly.

Mortgagees and

Annuitants not considered as Proprietors of Shares.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That every Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, be produced and left with the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall within Ten Days then next, cause m Entry or Memorial to be made thereof iu like Manner as of the original Grants or Conveyances, and after such Entry made, but sot till then, every Perfou or Perfons to whom such Alignment or Transfer shall be made, his, her or their SuccefTors, Executor*, Ad-miniftrators and Afligns, shall be entitled to the Benefit of such Gitct or Conveyance, and the future Payments thereon, and to all Benefit and Advantage arifmg therefrom, and for the Entry of every such original Grant or Conveyance, and of every such Alignment and Transfer, the said Clerk or Clerks shall be paid by the Party to whom fuph Grant, Conveyance or Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings and no more.

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That the Intereft of the Mosey which shall be borrowed on Mortgage as aforesaid, and the fevml Annuities so to be granted as aforesaid, shall from the time the refpco tive Principal Monies so to be lent or paid shall have been advaneed, be paid Half-yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto, ia preference to any Dividends or Diftribution to the said Proprietors cf the said Company or any of them, and shall be duly provided fer and fet apart before such Dividend or Diftribution Audi be made or declared.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That no Perfon or Per-fons to whom such Annuity shall be granted, or Mortgage or Ailment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares, or be capable of acting or voting by virtue of any such Annuity, Mortgage or Aflignrne;;t, at any Aflkmbly or Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, for

t.D.i8ii.

C.chvu

51* GEO. m.

481

r on account of his, her or their having paid, advanced or lent any [oney on the Credit of the said Undertaking, and the Tolls thereof } aforesaid.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Sum or Sums Notice of paying F Money so lent and advanced on Mortgage shall be paid off and ^Mortgages, ifeharged (fave and except with the Confent of the Perfon or Per- C*

ms entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money), unless Six alendar Months previous Notice under the Common Seal of the said lompany of Proprietors shall have been given to the Perfon or Perms entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, or left at his r their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, of such their Intention > pay off and discharge the fame.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That the First General AfTembly ***** General

f the said Company of Proprietors for putting this Aft into Execu-	°*

ion shall be held at the London Tavern, or such other Place as the 001Pany-'ommittee or Court of Direftors hereinafter appointed shall direct,

pon the Twenty first Day after the palling of this Aft, or within thirty one Days from that Day, or as soon after as conveniently nay be, between the Hours of Twelve and Two o’Clock, and all uture General Aflemblies of the said Company of Proprietors (except uch Special General Aflemblies as hereinafter mentioned) shall be idd on the First Tuefday in the Month of May in each and every fear, between the Hours of Twelve and Two o’Clock, at such 3lace or Places as the Committee or Court of Direftors hereinafter ppointed for the time being may direct, of which future General Vflcmblics Ten Days previous Notice at least shall be given by Public Advertisement, to be inserted in One or more of the London Newf-)apers, or in such other manner as the said Company of Proprietors it their respective General Aflemblies shall direct; and in case no Place or Places shall have been so appointed, then such General MTembly shall be holden where the last General Aflembly was holden ; md at such General Aflemblies it shall be the Duty of the Committee )r Court of Direftors of the said Company to report to the Proprietors at large the State of the said Undertaking, and their Proceedings in carrying this Aft into Execution; which Report shall be fairly filtered into the Book or Books of the Company kept for that Pur-pofe by the Clerk, and a Copy of the fame shall be left at the Clerk’s Office for the Perufal of the Proprietors, who shall have access thereto during such Hours as the said Office is usually open.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That the said Company of Chairman, Proprietors, at their respective General and Special General Aflem-

blics, shall and may appoint a Chairman, and such Chairman shall not only vote as a Proprietor, but iu case of an Equality of Votes, shall have the decisive or calling Vote.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That, for the better managing Cmnmitte# of and cqpdufting the Affairs of the said Company, there shall be a Proprietors. Committee or Court of Direftors of Fourteen Proprietors, and that

John jdllnuU, James Brewer, John Curwood, Charles Hutton, John Jadfon, Henry Perkins, Robert Pott, John Ramjbottom, George Ranking, John Richard Ripley, William Salle, William Slade, Robert Wilks and John Wyatt, shall be the First Committee or Court of Directors, and called I he Court of DireQion, and shall continue until the Third General Meeting to be held after the palling of this Aft, sod until others shall be chosen in their Stead, unleU any Member 51 Geo. III.	Ii	#	of

4*3

Pvovifa.

Committee to sppoiut Ciuir-Bun*

Power to General Aflemblie*.

Penalty,

C. clxvi.	510 GEO. 0L	A.D1811.

6f the said Committee or Court of Dire&ion Aiall die or be removed, or shall dispose of his Stock, so as to reduce the fame below Tea Shares: Provided always, that no Perfon or Perfons holding any Place, Office, Employment or Contrail under the said Company shall he capable of being elected or of serving upon such Committee 6r Court of Dire&ion during the time of his Continuance in such Place, Office, Employment, or holding such Contract, nor nnlefs be shall pofiefs and hold in his own Right Fire Shares of the Capital Stock of the said Company.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That the said Committee or Court of Direction shall and may at every Meeting holden by them during the Continuance of their said Office, the Number of the laid Committee or Court of Direction not being less than Three, appoirt £ Chairman by and out of the said Committee or Court of Dire&on; and that no Member of any Committee or Court of Dire&kra W have'more than one Vote upon anr Queftion that may be agitated it the said Committee or Court of Direction, except in case of u Equality of Votes, and in that case the Chairman shall have the de-cifivfe or calling Vote, although he might have given one Vote bssoit,

XX.	And be it further enacted, That the laid Company of Pro-

Srietors shall have Power and Authority at any General Affembly or special General Affembly convened for that Purpose, to remove and displace any Member or Members of the Committee or Court of ibiredlion nominated and appointed by virtue of this Adi, and thereupon elect any other Perfon or Perfons in his or their Room or Stead ; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General or Special General Affembly convened for that Purpose, to order and dispose of the Cuftody of their Common Seal, and the Ufe and Application thereof, and to make Rich Rules, Bye-Laws and Orders for the good Government of the said Company, of the said Committee or Court of Diredlion, and of their Servants, Agents or Workmen, and for the Superintendence and Management of the said Undertaking, and from time to time to alter and repeal the said Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, or any of them, and to impose and inflidl such reasonable Fines acd Forfeitures upon all Perfons who shall offend against such Rules, Bye-Laws or Orders, as to such General or Special General Affembly shall feefn meet not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds for any one Offence; and all such Rules, Bye-Laws and Orders being reduced into Writing, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, and printed, shall be binding upon and observed by all IV ions concerned in the said Undertaking, and shall be fnfficicnt in any Court of Law or Equity to juftifjr all Perfons who shall ad under the fame; provided that thef fame be not inconsistent with, or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to the Provifions and Directions in this A& contained, or to any of them 5 and such Rules, Orders and Bye-Laws shall be fub-je& to appeal in manner herein directed ; and all Accounts of Mosey received, laid out and disbursed on account of the said Undertaking, or on any of the Works thereunto belonging, by the *tteafurro, Receivers, Collectors, Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Perfon or Perfons whomsoever employed by or concerned for or under them, in or about the said Undertaking or the Works thereunto belonging! flutU be bid before the hid Jg	General

A»D.i8it.

C.cferi.

Sf GEO. III.

4*3

General or Special General Affembly, to be audited and fettled; and the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power to adjourn •themfelves from time to time to such Place or Places as shall at such General or Special General Affembly be thought proper and oonve- / ntent.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That the said Committee or 3abfequent Ap*> Court of Direction so appointed, or the Perfon or Perfons elected in pointment <*f their Roofn or Stead by virtue of this Aft, shall continue in Office Committee by until the First Tuefday in May after such Election, and on such Day Four of the said Committee or Court of Direftion shall go out of out of Office, and cease to be upon the Committee or Court of Direftion of Office by Rota* the said Company, unless re-elcfcted as after mentioned; and in order to determine who of the said Committee or Court of Direftion shall go out of Office, the Clerk of the said Company, at the General Affem-bly of the said Company, to be holden on that Day, or some Adjournment thereof, mall, and he is hereby required to write upon Fourteen Pieces of Paper of equal Size, the Name of One of the said Committee or Court of Direction, on each of such Papers, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the'fame Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and Four of such Papers shall then be drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Clerk, one by one, and those Four of the Committee or Court of Direction, whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn, shall go out of Office, and cease to be upon the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, unless re-elefted as after mentioned, and the said Company shall then elect by Ballot as aforesaid Four Members of the said Company, who shall leverally be possessed of and entitled in their own Right to Five Shares at the least in the said Undertaking ; and such Four Perfons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of three Years, except in case of Death or Refufal to aft, dr ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Aft dirested, or being re* moved or displaced by the said Company of Proprietors, at any General Affembly or Special (a) Affembly convened for that Purpose, and no longer; and on the First Tuefday in the next succeeding Month of May> Five more of the Committee or Court of Direction first elected by virtue of this* Aft, as Part of the Committee or Court of Direction, or the Perfon or Perfons elected in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office, and cease to be upon the Committee or Court of Direftion of the said Company, unless re-elefted as after mentioned ; and in order to determine who of such Five of the Committee or Court of Direftion shall go out of Office, the Clerk of the said Company at the General Affembly of the said Company, to be holden on that Day, or some Adjournment thereof, shall, and he is hereby required to write upon Ten distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, the Name of One of each of the Committee or Court of Direftion on each of the said Papers, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel by such Clerk, and Five of such Papers shall be then drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Clerk, one by one, and those of the Committee or Court of Direftion whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn shall go out of Office, unless re-elested; and the said Company shall then elect by Ballot as aforesaid Five Members of the faia Company, qualified at (tf) [$* in Original J

I i 2	hfortfaidj

C. cKyL

A.D.1811.

ft

51° GEO. III.

aforesaid, to be upon the Committee or Court of Diredion of the laid Company; and filch Perfons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Two Years (except in case of Death or Refufelto ad, or ce3fing to be qualified in manner by this Ad directed, or being removed or difplaccd as aforefaid), and no longer; and on the First Tuefday in the next succeeding Month of May the Five remair-ing Members of the Committee or Court of Direction firtt appointed by virtue of this Att, or the Perfon or Perfons elected in his or their •	Room or Stead shall go out of Office, unless rc-elcded as after men-

tioned ; and the said Company shall, at their General Affcmbly to be hoiden on that Day, or some Adjournment thereof, elect by Ballot as aforesaid Five Members of the said Company qualified a aforesaid, to be upon the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company; and such Five Perfons so elected shall continue a Office for the Space of One Year, (except in case of Death, or Re-fufal to ad, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Ad directed, or being removed or displaced as aforefaid) and no longer; and the First Tuefday in every succeeding Month of May in each acd every Year, Four or Five Perfons, as the case may require, out of the Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, shall b? 'eleded by Ballot as aforesaid by the said Company, to be Members of the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company; acd such Four or Five Perfons as may be so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Deaths Refufal to ad, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Ad directed, or being removed or displaced as aforefaid), and no longer: Provifo.	Provided always, that it (hail and may be lawful to and for the fd

Company of Proprietors to nominate and appoint any such Perfoa or Perfons so qualified as aforesaid, and going out of Office, agiia to be a Member or Members of the said Committee or Court of Diredion.

In c*fe Com- XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case on any fnch MhitefTon^sy Tuefday in the Month of May in any Year, no such Nomioitioi mentioned, * and Appointment of such Members of the Committee or Court d another Meet-	Diredion shall be made, then and in every such case another Mert-

. ing for that	ing of the said Company shall be hoiden on the Tuefday Fortnight

Purport.	following for the Purpofe of making such Eledion ; and in case no

. such Nominatiou and Appointment shall be then made, then and ii every such case another Meeting of the said Company shall be hoiden on the Tuefday Fortnight following for the Purpofe of making .such Eledion, aud 10 toties quoties until such Members of the Coro-mittee or Court of Diredion shall be chosen, but such Members if the Committee or Court of Diredion shall r.ot continue in Office or be Members of the said Committee or Court of Diredion for any longer Space of time than if he or they had been elected ou the bid First Tuefday in May as aforesaid.

Subsequent	XXIII. And be it further enacted. That in case any Perfon or

Coramlneeln0 .^erf°ns eteded by the said Company as a Member or Members of Room of those .the Committee or Court of Diredion of the said Company shall die who shall die, re- or refuse to ad in the Execution of this Ad, or shall cease to hern* fiifeto art, or be- titled to Five Shares at the least in the (aid Undertaking, or shall hold come disqualified. any placej Office, Employment or Contrad under the said Company, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee or Court of Diredion to elect out of the said Companr

of

« t \ i \	*

A;.D.i8ii«	510	GEO.	III.	C.olxvi-	4®S

f Proprietors fo'me’Perfpo or Perfons qualified as aforesaid, to b6 a dember or Members of the Committee or Court of Direftion of the aid Company in the Room or Stead of the Member or Members of he Committee so dying orrefufmg to aft, or ceasing to be qualified, r holding any Place, Office, Employment or Contraft under the said Company; and every such Eleftion of a Member of the said Committee or Court of direction shall be submitted by the said Committee r Court of Direction to the said Company of Proprietors at their then ext General or Special (a) Affembiy, when the Eleftion of such ^rfon or Perfons shall either be confirmed, or such other Perfon or ’erfons qualified as aforesaid shall be elected a Member or Members f such Committee or Court of Direftion as the said Company of Voprietors at such General or Special General Aflembly shall think roper; and every Perfon or Perfons so elected shall have the like Wers and Authorities, and be subject to the like Rules, Regula-ions and Reflriftions as the Perfon or Perfons in whose Room or itcad he or they shall be so elested, and shall continue in Office as a flember or Members of the Committee or Court of Direftion for such ime and no longer, as the Perfon or Perfons in whose Room or itead he or they shall be so elected would have continued in Office. a) [So in Original 43. J

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Member Member of

►r Members of the said Committee or Court of Direction, shall for Committee ne-

he Space of Three Months refuse or neglect to attend a Meeting of gfc&inj to

he said Committee or Court of Direction to be holden in pursuance wCni5°rl?Iea

f this Aft, then and in every such case such Member or Members	er

t> not attending, shall cease to be of the said Committee or Court

f Direction, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the remaining

Members of the said Committee or Court of Direftion at any of their

rlcetings, or a Majority of them, and they are hereby required to

left another Perfon or Perfons qualified as aforesaid, to be a Mem-

ier or Members of the said Committee or Conrt of Direction, in the

loom or Stead of the Perfon or Perfons so not attending; and each

nd every Perfon and Perfons so elested, shall have the like Powers

ud Authorities) and be fuhjeft to the like Rules, Regulations and

iellriftions, and shall continue in Office as a Member or Members

f the said Committee or Court of Direction, for such time and no

jnger as the Perfon or Perfons in whose Room or Stead he or they

tall be so elected would have continued in Office.

XXV.	And be it further enacted. That no Perfon who shall hold No Perfon con-ny Contraft or enjoy any Place of Profit created by this Aft, or be *ernedjj1 eneficially emploved, or in any manner intereltcd or concerned directly yot^ t0 r indirectly in supplying any Articles or Materials for the Ufe of

he said Company, shall have any Voice or be entitled to a Vote at ny Meeting or Meetings of the said Committee or Court of Diction during the time that he shall be so emploved, concerned or iterefted as aforesaid; and in case any Perfon being' a Member of he said Committee or Court of Direction, shall. hold any Contraft •r enjoy any Place of Profit created by this Aft, or shall be in any manner beneficially employed or concerned, directly or indirectly, in upplying any Article or Materials for the Ufe of the said Company, nd shall vote at any such Meeting or Meetings of the said Committee >r Court of Direction, then and in every such case every such Per-na so voting at any such Meeting or Meetings, shall forfeit and pay,

I i 3	for

penilly.

Affemblie* of

Proprietors fpe-tUlly convened.

Notice.

Proviso.

Committee to appoint Officers.

C.ckvb	51* GEO. III.	AJXilu*

for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with full Cods of Suit, to any Perfon or Perfons who ftpH (ue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majcfty’* Courts of Record at Wcjlmnjler% by A&ion of Debt, or on the Cafo, or by Bill, Plaint Or Information, wherein no Effoign, Prote&ion or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and One Moiety of such Penalty when recovered, shall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons who shall sue for the fame, and the' other Moiety shall be paid to the hid Company, to be applied to the Purposes of this Ad, and the Perfon er Perfons so convicted shall be absolutely disqualified from acting any longer as a Member or Members of the Committee or Court of Diredion of the said Company, and no Proprietor of the said Company, or any Member of the (aid Committee or Court of Direfticn of the said Company in^erefted in any such Con trad. Matter or Thing as aforesaid, shall vote in any Quefiion touching or concerning the fame.

XXVI.	And he it further enacted, That if it shall at any tine appear, that for the more effcdually putting this Ad into Executioa a Special General Affembly of the laid Company of Proprietor* is necessary to be holden, it (nail and may be lawful to and for any Ten or more of the said Proprietors who colledively may be possessed of or entitled to One hundred Shares at the leak in the (aid Undertaking, by a Notice under their Hands to be given to the Clerk of the said Company to require the said Clerk to giwe Notice of such Special General Affembly, and the said Clerk shall and he h hereby required, within Seven Days from the Receipt of filch Notice, to give Fourteen Days Notice of such Special General Affembly is One or more of the London Newfpapers, or in such other manner at the lajd Company of Proprietors may at any General Affembly direct and appoint, specifying in such Notice the Reafon, Ocaficn and Intention of requesting such Special General Affembly, and the time when arifl Place where the lame shall be holden, which Place shall be within Three Miles of the said Bridge, and the (aid Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Noth' \ and such of them’ as (tiall be present at such Special General Affembly (liidl proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Ad given to the (aid Company of Proprietors, with respect to the Matter* so specified in such Notice only ; and all such Ads, Orders or Deter, minations of the said Proprietors, or the Majority of them met together at every such Special General Affembly, provided that the Proprietors present and represented by Proxy, shall be possessed in their own Right of ai leak Two hundred and fifty Shares in the said Undertaking, shall be as valid with respect to the Matter* Specified in such Notice, as. if the fame had been done at any dated General Affembly: Provided always, that in case the said Clerk shall not when so required call the said General Affembly, it (hail and may be lawful for the said Tep Proprietors by a fitnilar Notice to call such Special General Affembly; which laid Special General Affembly Thall have the fame Power, Privilege and Authority, zod be in all Refped* considered the fame as if it had been called bf\k Clerk of the said Company.

" XXVII. And be it further eoq&ed. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee or Court of Diredion for the . managing and conducing the Affairs of the laid. Company of Pro-

prietors,

C.dxvl.

4*7

JD.181&	$i*GEO.	III.

rietors, and they are hereby authorized and required, from time tp ime, to nominate and appoint a Treasurer or Treafuren, Engineer r Engineers, Architect or Archite&s, Surveyor or Surveyor* Clerk r Clerks, Colle&or or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates nd Tolle herein allowed to be demanded and taken, and such other )fficer8 as to the said Committee or Court of Direction shall feeip roper, and from time to time to remove any such Treasurer or 7reafurers, Engineer or Engineers, Architect or Aiqbite&s, Sur-eyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, Colle&or or Collectors, Rp* eiver or Receivers, or other Officers, or any of them, and to ominate and appoint another Perfon or Perfons in hia.or their Room r Stead in manner aforesaid, taking such Security from every such ^reafurer. Engineer, Surveyor, Architect, Clerk, Collector or Ro* eiver, or other Officer,' for the due Execution of their rtfpcftive )ffices, and granting to them respectively such Salary and Cotn-enfation as the laid Committee or Court of Direction fhali think roper ; and such Clerk or Clerks shall, in a proper Book or Books o be provided by the said Committee or Court of Direction far hat Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the fames and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the fuid Jndertaking, and of the several Perfons who shall from time to time iccome Owners and Proprietors of, or entitled to any Share or Shares herein, and of all A&s, Proceedings and Tranfadions of the said Company of Proprietors and Committee or Court of Diredion re-pedively; and each of the said Proprietors of the said Undertaking Inflation of tiall and may, at all convenient times, have Recourfe to and peruse Proceedings, nd infped the fame, paying for such Perufal and Infpeftion the ►urn of One Shilling and no more, and may demand, and nave Copies hereof, or of any Part thereof, paying for every One hundred Vords so to be copied the Sum of Nine Pence, and so in Propoi, ion for any greater or less Number of Words; and if any such Clerk *r Clerks to the said Company of Propietors shall refuse to permit ny Proprietor or Proprietors to interested as aforesaid, to iafpeft or icrufe such Book or Books of Accounts and proceedings at ail onvenient Times or Seafons, or refuse to make any such Copy or Copies at the Rate or Price aforesaid, he shall, for every such Dffence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds,	Penalty.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it fhail and may be Appointment of awful to and for the said Committee or Court of Direction to remove Officers in case ny Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Colle&or, of Vacancies. Receiver or other Officer or Servant of the said Company ; and 0 case any such Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyor, Architect, Clerk.

Tolle&or, Receiver or other Officer pr Servant of the said Cora->any, shall die, be removed from, or quit the Service of the said Company of Proprietors, of of the said Committee or Court of Direction, then and in every such case it shall and may he lawful tp md for the Committee or Court of Direction to appoiat any other it Perfon qr Perfons to execute such Office or Offices in the Place >f the Perfon or Perfons who shall die, be removed from, or quit the Service of the said Proprietors, or of the said Committee or Court >f Direction ; and it shall and may be lawful to and far the Com-, nittee or Court of Dirc&ion of the said Company tQ fufpctfa anf Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Re-peiver or other Officer or Servant of the said Company, and td#ap*

Pi ^	poiut

488

C.clxvi.

A.D.1811.

Officers, &c. to account.

51° GEO. in.

point any other fit Perfon or Perfons to execute such Office or Offices in the Room and Stead of the Perfon or Perfons so suspended from the Service of the said Company, and also from time to time to appoint any new Officer or Officers as they the Committee or Court of Diredion Audi think necefiary for the Affairs of the said Company, consequent upon such Sufpenfion.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer, -Engineer, Archited, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver or other -Officer or Servant of the said Company so to be appointed as afore-said, shall, under his or their Hand or Hands, at such time and times, and in such manner as the said Company of Proprietors or l'uch Committee or Court of Diredion shall direct, deliver to the laid Company of Proprietors or to such Committee or Court of Directive, or to such Perfon or Perfons as they respectively shall appoint, tree and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to his or their Charge by virtue of this Ad, and alio of ail the Monies which shall have been by such Treasurer, Engineer, . Archited, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver or other Officer or Servant of the laid Company and Perfon or Perfons respectively received by virtue and for the Purpofes of this Ad, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together >vith the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in his or their refpectire Hand or Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or Court of Diredors(a), or to such Perfon or Perfons as they shall respectively appoint; and if any such Treasurer, Engineer, Archited, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or other Perfon, shall refute to produce or deliver up such Accounts, Receipts or Vouchers, or to make Payment as afore said, or shall not deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or Court of Diredion, or to such Perfon or PerfonB as they shall respectively appoint, within Twenty Days after being thereunto required by the said Company of Proprietors, or by such Committee or Court of Diredion, all Books, Papers and Writings in his or their Cuftody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Adt, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as. upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in his or their respective Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or Court of Diredion, or as they shall respectively direct and appoint, then and in either of the cases aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cauf: to be brought any Adion or Adions against the said Treasurer, Engineer, Archited, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, Engineer, Archited, Surveyor, Clerk* Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perlons respectively; or it Complaint shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors, or by such Committee or Court of Diredion, or by such Perfon or Perfons as they respectively shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Re-fufal or Negled as aforesaid, to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place wherein the said Treasurer, Engineer, Archited, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer (?) [So in Qrigityil 48*]



C. clxri.

489

510 GEO. III.

>r Officers, Perfon or Perfons so neglecting or refuting, without some eafonable Excuse, shall be and reiide, such Judices may and they are icreby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under heir Hands and Seals, to caufc the Treasurer, Engineer, * Archited,

Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Perfon or 3erfons so neglecting or refilling, to be brought before them, and ipon his, her or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear md determine the Matter in a summary way ; and if upon the Con-’eflion of the Party or Parties, or by the Toftimony of any credible Witnefs or WitnefTes upon Oath, it shall appear to such Juflicesthat iny of the Monies that shall have been collected, raised or received >y virtue of this Ad (halt be in the Hands of such Treasurer,

Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer :>r Officers, Perfon or Pcrfons, such Jultices may, and they are icreby authorized and required, upon Non payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels af such Treasurer, Engineer, Archited, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector,

Receiver, Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfon9 respectively : and if no Goods or Chattels of such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Perfon or Per Cons can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of making and levying the fame, or if such Trea-surer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver,

Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, shall (till perfilt in refusing or negleCting to deliver up all such Monies, Accounts, Receipts,

Vouchers, Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid to the laid Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or Court of Direction, or other Perfon or Perfons as they refpeClively shall appoint, then and in any or either of the cases aforesaid, such Justices shall Imprifonment. commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol for such County,

City or Place, there to remain without Bail cr Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Company of Proprietors, or with the said Committee or Court of Direction, and shall have paid such Composition, in such manner as they respectively shall appoint, and until he shall deliver up such Monies, Accounts, Receipts,

Vouchers, Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or Court of Diredion ; but no Treasurer, Engineer,

Archited, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Perfon so committed for want of sufficient Diftrefs shall be confined or detained in Prifon by virtue of this Ad for any longer Space of time than Three Months.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Autho- powers of rities hereby vested in or directed to be exercised by the said Committee Committee, or Court of Diredion, may be done and exercised by the major Part of the Perfons preferit at their respective Meetings, the whole Number	r

present not being less than Three, and every such Committee or Court of Diredion shall from time to time make Report of their Proceedings to the said General Affemblies of the Proprietors, and shall obey their Orders and Diredions; and the said Committee or Court of Diredion shall ffubjed nevertheless at all times to such Orders and Diredions as yforciaid j meet at such Times and Places, and shall from time to time

adjourn

49*

C. clxvK

$x* GEO. UI.

A-D.iSa,

ffovlTo.

proceedings entered in Books •f Company, Evidence.

CpmmirtcesTnay make Calls.

adjourn themselves to such other Times and Places a* they fhaHthmk fit; and in order to defray the Expences of their Meeting the hid Committee or Court of Dire&ion shall from time to time receive out of the Capital Stock of the said Company of Proprietors such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed, adjusted and fettled by the hid Company of Proprietors at such General AiTemblies; and the hid Committee or Court of Dire&ion shall and may contract for and agree for the Purchafe of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditament! that may be taken or used for the Purpofes of the laid Bridge, Street or Streets, or other Works thereunto belonging, and shall aod may make Agreements, Contra&s and Bargains with the Workmen, Agents, Undertakers and other Perfons employed or concerned in making, continuing and completing the said Bridge, Street or Stmts, or other Works hereby authorized, and all and every Part or Pun thereof; and the said Committee or Court of Dire&ioo shall (fubjett iieverthelefs to the Orders and Dire&ions of such General or Speed General Affemblies as aforefaid), have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs of the said Compauysf Proprietors, and the said Committee or Court of Dire&ion mall by themselves or the Clerk or Clerks for the said Company of Proprietors keep a full, correct and true Account of all Monies di(burfed and Bay* merit a made by the said Committee or Court of Direction, and by all and every Perfon and Perfons employed by or under them,'and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they shall receive on Behalf or in respect of the said Undertaking from any Collector or Col* le&ors of the said Rates or Tolls, or from any other Officer or Officers, or from any other Perfon or Perfons whomsoever employed ia or having any Concerns, Dealings or Tranfa&ions with the said Us* dertaking, or in or with any Part or Parts thereof, and shall regularly by themselves or their Clerk or Clerks of (a) the bid Company as aforesaid, write, insert and enter in a Book or Books to be from time to time provided at the Expence of the said Company of Pro*

firietors, Notes, Minutes or Copies (as the case shall require), of any uch Contract, Bargain, Receipt and Dilburfement, and of all their Orders and Proceedings, which Book or Books shall be depoiited with and kept under the Care and Dire&ion of the said Committee or Court of Direction, or the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company aforesaid: Provided always, that every Proprietor in the (aid Undertaking ffiall have free Accefs thereto upon every reasonable Define for his or her Infpe&ion, on Payment for such Infpe&ion of the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence, (a) [Sq in Original yfd.J

XXXI.	Andbe it further ena&ea^ That all Orders and proceeding* of the said Company of Proprietors at their several and refpe&irc General or Special General Affemblies, qr of their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, at their several Meetings shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for such Purpofes respectively, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be (igned respectively by the Chairman of such General or Spc-cial General Afftmbly, Or by the Clerk of the (aid Company, or by the Chairman of such Committee or Court of Direction, or by thptf Clerk, and such Order and Proceedings respectively shall be deemed and taken tp be Originals.

XXXhi. And it enacted. That the ffiid Committee or Court of Dire&ion. (tall have Power from time j$o time* to make such C*N °r *	.	>	‘	Calls

LD.i8xi.

S i9 GEO. Ill,

C. clxvL

#9«

"alls of Money from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of and in the lid Undertaking, to defray the Expenccs of or to carry on the fame* s they the said Committee or Court of Direction, from time to time lall find wanting and necefiary for those Purposes, so that no fudt "all shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred *ounds, (except as hereinafter mentioned) and such Calls shall not e made but at the Didance of Thirty Days at lead from each other* nd Twenty one Days Notice at lead shall be given of all such Calls s aforesaid, by Advertisement in One or more of the London Newf-tapers, or in such other manner as the said Company of Proprietors lall at any General Aflembly direct and appoint; provided that it piovilb, tall not be lawful to make any further Call upon any Proprietor or Proprietors who shall have paid to the said Company in Obedience to heir said Calls or otherwise, the full Amount of the Sum which by lis, her or their Subscription, he, (he or they had undertaken to pay* or his, her or their said Share or Shares, and every Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the said Uuder-

aking, shall pay his, her or their rateable Proportions of the Monies

o be called for as aforesaid, to such Perfon or Perfons, aud at fuck

Time and Place as the said Committee or Court of Dirc&jou (hall

rom time to time order and direct; and if any Perfon or Perfons Calls not pod,.

hall negleA or refuse to pay his, her or their rateable or proportion*

tble Part of the Money lo called for as aforesaid, at the Time and

Place appointed by such Committee or Court of Direction, or within

Fourteen Days next ensuing, he, (he or they so neglecting or refiling,

hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Share

fie, (he or they shall have in the said Undertaking 5 and in case such Penalty.

Perfon or Persons shall continue to neglect or refuse to pay his, her or

their rateable Call or Calls as aforesaid, for the Space of Three

Months next after the time so appointed for Payment thereof, then

and in every such case, he, (he or they so neglecting or refuting, (hall

forfeit his, her or their respective Share and Shares in the faid

Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof, all which

Shares so forfeited, shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors* Scares forfeit**

in trust for, and for the Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors,

in proportion to their respective Interests in the fajd Undertaking, or

shall at the Difcrction of any of the said General or Special (n) Af-

fcmblies, be publicly fold for the Ufe of the rest of the said Proprietors*

whofe Shares gnd Interefts shall not have been forfeited as aforesaid:

Provided nevertheless, that no Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in Advantage the said Undertaking shall be, or be deemed to be incurred, save and taken of For-except personal Notice of such Call or Calls in Writing, signed by fciture vmluMrt the Clerk or Clerks to the said Committee or Court of Direttiou*

shall have been given to or left at the Jaft or usual Place or Places of Abodp, of the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares nefpec-tively, and in case the Place or Places of Abode of any such Qvvnetr or Owners shall not be known to the Clerk or Clerks of the laid Com* mitteeor Court of Direction, then fufh Notice shall be inserted once in the London (gazette, nor until all such Share or Shares shall like wife have been declared to be forfeited at feme General or Special General Aflembly of the said Company of Proprietors. (a) [So in Original '

Act.}

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enabled, That the refoe&iv* Subfcriters to Perfons who have fubferibed, or who, shall hereafter subscribe or pay Subfcriptron*

A.D.1811.

492	C. clxvi.	51° GEO. III.

advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or Ihall be Owner dr Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the . said Undertaking, (hail, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums by them respectively fub~ (bribed (or such Parts and Proportions thereof as shall from time to time be called for by the Committee or Court of Dire&ionof the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of and agreeable to the Powcn and Dire&ions of this A&), at such Times and Places, and in such manner as shall be directed by the said Committee or Court of Direc.

Failure.	tion ; and in case any such Subfcriber or Subscribers shall negledor

refufe to pay the fame at the Time and Place and Manner so required for that Purpose, the said Company of Proprietors are hereby em-

Sued.	powered	to sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majefty’i

Courts of Law or Equity whatever.

Proceedings in » XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all A (Elions brought

A Aioos for Calls, by the said Company of Proprietors against any Perfon or Perfooi who hath or have fubferibed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or agaimt any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company for or by reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Ad, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants, being an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such or to many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount to for such and so many Call or Calls of such and so many Sum and Sum9 of Money upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to. the said Defendant or Defendants (as the case may happen to be), whereby an A&ion hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Ad, without setting forth the Special Matter; and on the Trial of such A&ion, it shall be only necessary to prove, that the Defendant or Defendants, at the time of making such Call or Calls, was or were an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Pro-prietors of some Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Call or Calls was or were in Fad made, and that such Notice was given thereof as is directed by this Ad, and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear to be due, unless it shall appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum of Tea Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, or was made within the Dif* tance of Thirty Days from the last preceding Call, or without Notice given as aforesaid; and after Judgment shall be given for the laid Company in any such Adion, Execution shall not be (layed by reason of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless such Defendant or Defendants, with Two fuf&cieat Sureties, shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which such Judgment shall be given, in Double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgment, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with Effed, and also, if the said Judgment shall be affirmed or the said Writ of Error be nonprofled, to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages and Cofti adjudged by the said Judgment, and all Cods and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

XXXV. fto-

V.D.i8ii.	51° GEO. III.	C.	clxvi.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Subfcriber r Subfcribers to the said Undertaking shall be minded and desirous > pay and advance immediately into the Hands of the said Com-rittee or *Court of Direction, or of the Perfon or Perfons whom iiey shall appoint to receive the fame, the full Amount of his, her or leir Subscription or Subscriptions for such Share or Shares, for diich he, she or they, may have subscribed, or any Part thereof, not eing a less Sum than One hundred Pounds, without waiting for the lid Call or Calls to be made, then and in such case it shall be lawful >r the said Committee or Court of Direction to pay to the said Sub-:riber or Subfcribers so paying in Advance as afore fa id, out of the 'unds of the said Company, Interect: upon the Sum or Sums so ad-aneed, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon lie Amount which such Payment in Advance may be over and above le said Calls, and from the time of advancing the fame up to the ^riod of each subsequent Call respectively, according to the Sum hen in Advance over and above the Amount of the said Call.

XXXVI.	And be it further enatted, That all and every Perfon nd Perfons, Body or Bodies Corporate and Politic, his, her or their ;veral and respective Succeffors, Executors, Admimftrators and \.fsigns, who shall have severally subscribed, and shall pay in the Sum r Sums of Money so subscribed by hhn, her or them, or such Part or ’arts thereof as shall or may be demanded of him, her or them, rom time to timfe in lieu thereof, ou Account of his, her or their efpe&ive Subscriptions or Stock, towards the carrying on and competing the Works aforesaid, *fhall be entitled, with the Affiant of a Jeneral Court of Proprietors held for that Purpose, to Intereft on very Inftalment so demanded and paid, at a Rate not exceeding ?ive Pounds per Centum per Annum, which Intereft shall commence rom the time or times that such Inftalments shall have been refpec-ively paid, or from such subsequent time or times as such General louvt shall appoint.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or )wners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares iu the aid Undertaking, shall happen to die before such Call or Calls shall lave been made for the full Sum or Sums to be advanced on any ihare or Shares which he, she or they shall have been pofieffed of or ntitled to, without having made Provifion by Will or otherwise how nd in what manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and ow and by what means the future Calls in respect thereof shall be iaid to the said Company of Proprietors for the Purpofes of the aid Undertaking, then and in such case the Executor or Executors, ^dminiftrator or Adminiftrators of every such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors so dying, or the Truftee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatic or Lunatics, Guardian r Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Perfon or *erfons entitled to the Eftate and Effects of any such deceased Owner t Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against all nd every such Infant or Infants, and against all and every oth;r 'erfon or Perfons whomsoever, for or on Account of his, her or their laving paid any Sum or Sums of Money, when called for as afore-aid, to complete every such Subscription; and if such deceased Owner ir Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall not have left Affels ufficient, or io case the Executor or Executors* Adminiftrator or

Adminiftrators,

493

Committee may allow Intereft to Proprietors on Payment in Advance.

Power to General Aftembliea to give Intereft.

On Death of Subfcriben before Shares completed, Executors, Sec. may do it.

494

C.clxvl.

A.D.i8ir.

faulty.

Shares may be fi*L

Form of Conveyance of States*

JI# GEO. m.

Adminiftrators, Truftee br Trufteet, Comniittee or Committee*, Guardian or Guardians, shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calk for the Space of Six Calendar Months after Notice in Writing, Signed by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors* shall law been given to him, her or them, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, the said Company of Proprietors shall be, and they arc hereby authorized and required to adirfit any other Per-fon eh* Perfons to be an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of tne Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, on Condition that he, (he or they, so admitted, do ttnd shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executor or Executors, Admioiftrator or Adminiftrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or to the Truftee or Tniflees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, of the Infant or Infants, or other Perfon or Perfons who may be entitled to his, her or their Efsects, the full Sum or Surtts of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, in his, her or their Life-time, by virtue of aoy Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame ean be sold for; and in case no Perfon or Perfons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted upon such Condition as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to and become veiled in the Reft of the said Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in Truft for and for the equal Benefit of all the Reft of the (aid Proprietors in Proportion to their respective Interefts in the said Undertaking; and shall be subject to be fold and disposed of in like manner as other forfeited Shares may be fold and disposed of by virtue of this Aft.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it. shall and maj be lawful to and for the said several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her or their respective Executors, Adminiftrators and Afsigns, to fell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, /he or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form or to the EfTeft following ; videlicet,

€ J A,B. of

*	Sum of

*	Southwark Bridge, being

4

*	the said C. D.

in Confideration of paid to me by C. D. of dp hereby bargain, fell, assign and transfer to the said C. Z). the

Capital Stock of and in the of my Share

in the said Undertaking, To hold to Executors, Adminiftrators and .* Afsigns, subject to the fame Rules, Orders and Reftriftions, and 4 on the fame Conditions that I held the fame immediately before the

•	Execution hereof; and 1 the said C. D. do hereby agree to take

•	and accept the faid* Capital Stock or Share of

•	fubjeft to the fame Rules, Orders, Reftriftions and Conditions.

•	As witness our Hands and Seals, this	Day	of

•	in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight

4 hundred and	;

And on every such Sale the said Deed or Conveyance (being er* ]cuted by the Sellar or Seliers, and the Parchafer or Pui&baun of

fuch

iJD.rti*

C. clxvi.

si* geo. nr.

49>

jch Share or Shares), shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Pur* hafers for his, her or their Security, after the Clerk or Clerks to be said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a proper look or Books to be kept for that Pnrpose, a Memorial of such 'ransfer and Sale, for the Ufe of the said Company, and have tedied and indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of lale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Six Fet« ence shall be paid ; and the (aid Clerk or Clerks is and are hereby squired to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly, and until ich Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, ich Purchafer or Purchafers shall have no Part or Share of the ‘rofits of the said Undertaking, nor any Intereft for such Share or hares paid to him, her or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof 5 a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XX XIX. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such No Shares rid loney shall have been made by the said Committee or Court of a )iredion as aforesaid, no Perfon or Perfons shall fell or transfer any 0Uey hare or Shares which he, (he or they shall possess in the said U11-ertaking on Pain of forfeiting his, her or their respective Share or hares therein to the said Company of Proprietors, in Tmft for the lenefit of all the said Proprietors, unless at the time of such Sale r Transfer, such Perfon or Perfons shall hare paid and discharged to be Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, the whole and ntire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transferred, such Forfeiture nevertheless to be notified nd declared at a General or Special General Affembly, in manner efore directed.

* XL. And whereas, in Cafes where the original Subfcriber or' A equation of Subfcribers of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking Shares by Mar-(hall marry, die, become Insolvent or Bankrupt, or go out of the ™ge. Will or iia Kingdom, or shall transfer his or her Right- and Intereft to some ^initarion other Perfon, and no Regifter shall have been made of the Transfer thereof with the said Clerk, as directed by this Ad, it may not be in the Power of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her or them Notice or Notices of Calls made on such Share or Shares, as is hereby required, and to maintain any A&ion or Adion9 again ft him, her or them for the Recovery of the fame, or for the Purpofe of safely paying to him, her or them the Intereft or Dividends to which he, (he or they may be entitled by virtue thereofBe it berefore. further enacted, That before any Perfon or Perfons who lall claim any Part or Share of the Profits arifmg from the said Jndertaking in Right of Marriage shall be entitled to receive the By Marritgej irae, an Affidavit, containing a Copy of the Regifter of such Mar-age, shall be made and sworn to by tome credible Perfon before One f the Judges of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlmm/lcr, or Mailer or Mailer Extraordinary jn Chaneery, or any One of His lajefty’s Juft ices of the Peace, who are hereby authorized and mpowered to swear any such Perfon to such Affidavit, and such Ufidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company for the time being, who shall file the fame, and make □ Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by the lid Clerk or Clerks for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Shares

ia

496

By Will or in Courle of Ad-miniftratiuii.

By any other Means.

Ksenes of Proprietors and Numbers of Shares entered, and Certificates of Number delivered.

C. clxvi.	510	GEO. III.	A.D.1811.

in the laid Undertaking ; and that before any Perfon or Perfons who ihall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, by virtue of any Bequeft or Will, or in a Courfe of Administration, shall be entitled to receive the fame, the said Will, or the Probate thereof, shall be produced and (hewn to the said Clerk or Clerks, cj* an Affidavit containing a Copy of so much of such Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Teftator, or of the Letters of Aden-liiftratiou in case the Proprietor shall have died Intestate, shall be made and sworn to by any Executor or Executors of such Will, or by any Adiniuiftrator or Adminiilrators of the Eilatc and Effects

iaa the case may happen to be) before One of the Judges of His lajefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler, a Mailer or Matter Extraordinary in Chaueery, or One of His Majesty’s Juft ices of the Peace, and fiiall also be transmitted to the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall file and enter the fame in the manner herein mentioned, and that in all cases other than as hereinbefore mentioned, where the Right and Property in one or more Share or Shares in the said Under taking shall pass from the original Proprietor thereof to any other Perfon or Perfons by any other legal means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof as herein directed, an Affidavit shall be made and fwoni to by Two credible Perfons, before One of the Judges iu (<i) His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminfler, or a Mailer or Mailer Extraordinary in Chaneery, or One of His Majelly’s Juft ices of the Peace, dating the manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have palled to fudi other Perfon or Perfons 5 and the said Judges, Mailer or Mafter Extraordinary in Chaneery, or Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorized and empowered to swear any such Perfon to such Affidavit, and such Affidavit fiiall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company of Proprietors, to the Intent that be may and he is hereby required to enter and register the Name or Names of every such new Proprietor or Proprietors, in the Regifter Book cr Lift of Proprietors in the said Undertaking; and that in all or any of the said cafes- it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Compary of Proprietors* at any General or Special General A fie nobly, ai;?r Six Calendar Months Notice shall have been given by the said Trea-furer or Clerk to the Perfon or Perfons claiming by such Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and such Perlon or Perfons shall not have paid his, her or their Proportion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any Call or Calls as aforesaid, and after Notice • thereof shall have been given Three times, at the Intervals of Seven Days between each Advertifement, in some One or more of the Lea-(jon Neivfpapers, to declare the fame Share or Shares to be forfeited, and in such case the fame shall be and become forfeited and fold, and disposed of in such manner as the laid Company of Proprietors (hail direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the General Fund of the said Company.	(a) in Original A3.]

XLI. Ana, for the better Security of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, as to their respective Shares therein, be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required at their Fit ft or at some subsequent General Aflembly, or as soon as conveniently may be, to cauie the Names and proper Additions of the several Perfons who fiiall be then entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of Shares which they arc then reflectively entitled to. hq}dj and alio

the

V.D.i8ix«

C: chvl.

497

516 GEO. III.

he proper Number by which every Share shall be diftinguiftied, to e fairly and distinctly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by he Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and after such Entry nde, to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall Ho cause a Certificate or Inftrument, with the Common Seal of he said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Sub-criber upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he, le or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaking, or a Cer-Lfieate for each separate and diftintt Share, in case any Proprietor of lore than One Share {ball request the fame, every such Proprietor oying to the Clerk Two Shillings and Six Pence, and no more* or every such Certificate or Inftrument, and such Certificate or In-:rument ftiall be admitted in all Courts whatever, as Evidence of he Title of such Subscribers, his, her or their Executors, Admi-iftrators and Afsigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified, but he Want of such Certificate or Inftrument shall not hinder or * revent the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares from felling r difpoiing thereof; and in case any such Certificate or Inftrument iiall become defaced, worn out or damaged, or shall be afeertained o have been loft or destroyed, then and in such case another Cer-ificate shall be made out and entered by the Clerk on the fame Terms and Conditions as aforeftid.

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Sum Power to Pro* od Sums of Money which shall, previous to the passing of this Ad, pnetor* to re-rave been paid by any Subscriber or Subfcribers to the said Under- c*y*r Money aking, for or on account of any Share or Shares therein, to any ^rfon or Perfons whomsoever, shall be accounted for by fuen °;ous l0 ?erfon or Perfons, to the said Company of Proprietors, or their of Ait. Committee, or Gourt of Diredion, and shall be paid to the said Com* mny of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Diredion, or o such Perfon or Perfons, and at such time or times as they shall efpe&ivtly appoint; and in case of Non-payment thereof, the fame Iiall and may be recovered by the said Company of Proprietors, from he Perfon or Perfons to whom or to whose Account the fame shall ave been paid in such and the like manner, and by such ways and leans, as if such Sum or Sums of Money had been advanced and paid y or received on Account of the said Company of Proprietors, after he passing of this Ad.

XJLIII. And be it further enaded^ That it shall and may be lawful Authority re o and for the said Company, and their Succeffors, their Deputies, Company to Vgents, Servants, Workmen and Affiftants, and they are hereby build uthorized and empowered to deftgn, direct, order and build, or aufe to be built, and to complete, maintain and keep in Repair with Itone and Iron a Bridge across the River Thames, from the Bank r Shore thereof at or near a certain Wharf or Place on the North ►ide of the said River called the Three Cranes, ill the Pari/hes of 'aint James Garltck Hythe, and Saint Martin Vintry* in the City of London* to the opposite Bank on the .South Side of the said River, n the Pariffi of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey, *and to dig nd make proper Foundations in the said River, and. on the Lands md Grounds lying on each Side thereof, for the Piers and Abut-nents of the said Bridge, and to cut and level the Banks of the aid River in such manner as shall be neceiTary and proper for milding the said Bridge, and to cut, remove, take and carry away .. 51G10.HL	Kk	aU



4S®‘

To build Stairs and plying Places at each Side of each find of the Bridge.

Places for Materials.

A free Paflage left for the Water of Six hundred and sixty Feet.

C. clxvi.	5fGEO.HL

all Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel, Sand, Mud or any other Impediment whatsoever, which may in any wife tend to hinder the erecting and completing the said Bridge, and execute all other Things requisite and necelfary, useful or convenient for erecting and building, maintaining and supporting the said Bridge, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this A&; and further, that for the Purpofe of erecting, building, maintaining, repairing and supporting the said Bridge, the said Company shall, from time to time, bare full Power and Authority to land on either Side of the said River, within One hundred Yards of the Sciteof the said Bridge, all Materials and other Things to be used in and about the dune, and there to work and use such Materials and Things, according as they the said Company, and the Perfons to be by them appointed shall think proper, without any previous Agreement with the Owner or Owners of the Property on which such Materials and other Things fhaM be landed, worked or used, or of the Tenant or Tenants thereof; doing as little Damage as may be, and making such Satisfa&Kn as hereinafter mentioned to the refpe6tive Owners and Occupiers of all Lands and Grounds, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be altered, damaged, spoiled, taken or made use of by means, or for the Purpofea of this present Ad.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be constructed at each End of the said Bridge, and on each Side of each End thereof, convenient Stone Stairs and plying Places for the Ufe of the Watermen and Wherrymen rowing upon the River Thame*, from Wtndfvr in the County of Berks to Gravesend in the County of Kent; and that they the said Watermen and Wherrymen shall have the free Ufe of the said Stairs in the fame manner as they have of the Stairs and plying Places at Westminster Bridge and Blackfriars Bridge, and which said Stairs and plying Places shall, at all times after the fame shall be made, be kept in Repair by the ibid Company of Proprietors and their Succeflors.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall be, and they are hereby empowered to take upon Lease, or to agree for the Ufe and Occupation of proper Places within Three hundred Yards of the Approach to the said Bridge on the South Side thereof, for the Purpofe of depositing Stone, Iron, Timber and other Materials for building the said Bridge, and to fell the fame, in such and the like manner as is hereinafter directed with respect to Iwk not wanted for the Purpofes of this Ad.

XLV I. And, to the Intent' that the Navigation of the said River Thames may not be obilruded, be it further enacted, That there shall always be and remain a free and open Paflage or Paflaget for the Water to pass and repairs through the Arches of the Bridge to be built by virtue of this Ad, so as to confbtute a clear Water Way of Six hundred and sixty Feet, at the least, within the Banks of the River, and that none of the Arches shall have a left Waterway than Two hundred and ten Feet in Width through each and every of the said Arches; and that the said Company of Proprietors shall not make any Embankment or Embankments above or below the said Bridge, on either Side thereof, that shall extend more tbaa Fifty Feet in Length, above or below the said Bridge, or tnakefoch Embankment to extend into the River, within Five Feet ef the ncarefl Part of either of the Arches next to the River Banks.

XLVIL And

7

LD.iftii

C. clxvi.

499

510 GEO. m.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Not more than Voprietors in building and erecting the said Bridge, shall not eredfc Two Centre* r place more than Two Centres at one time under the Arches or	,n	lht

itended Arches of the said Bridge whilst the fame shall be building,	*

nd shall not begin to erect any other Centre until One of the said 'entres fhati have been entirely removed, so that there shall not at ny time be more than Two whole Centres Handing, being or remain-ig under the Arches, or intended Arches of the said Bridge ; nof rail the said Company of Proprietors cause or permit any other unne-eflary Obftrudlion to the Navigation in the Ere&ion of the said fridge; and in case more than Two Centres shall be Handing, re&ing or remaining at the fame time, or any other unnecefTary )bHruftion made as aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors shall ?move the fame within Twenty Days after Notice in Writing shall be elivered to them, or left with any of their Agents, Clerks, Servant! r Workmen, by or by the Order of the Lord Mayor for the time >eing of the City of London for that Purpose; ar.d if the said Com* iany of Proprietors shall neglect to remove within the time specified n such Notice, fueh Centres, or other ObHru&ions, then it shall be awful for the laid Lord Mayor for the time being, to remove, or :aufe the fame to be removed, and from time to time as the fame shall tecur, and the Charges and Expences of any such Removal shall be orthwith paid by the said Company to the said Lord Mayor for the ime being, or his Order, together with the Sum of Twenty Pounds Penalty, or every Negledl to remove any such Centre or Centres, or Ob-Iru&ion, when required as before mentioned; the said Sum of Twenty Pounds to be recovered by A&ion at Law in any of His Majcfly’s Courts of Record at IVcfminJler.

‘ XLVIII. And whereas it may happen that after the said Bridge Temporary 1 shall have been completed and in use, the fame may receive Damage Brides 1 by unforeseen Accidents, so that the Paffage thereof may for a 1 time become dangerous and impracticable ;* Be it further enacted.

That when and as often as it shall so happen it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Coro- . nittee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, or such Perfon or Perfons as they shall and may appoint for that Purpofe from time to time, as often as Occafion shall require, to ere6t or )uild a Temporary Bridge at such Place or Places near to the Scite af the said Bridge as they shall judge to be moH proper and convenient, and there to take and receive for PafTage over the River Thames by such Temporary Bridge such Tolls as are hereinbefore authorized :o be taken for palling over the said Bridge : Provided always, that removed* such Temporary Bridge shall continue for such time only as shall be neceffaiy for repairing and rebuilding the said Bridge, and rendering ;be PafTage over the fame safe and commodious.

XL! A. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Company may ful to and for the laid Company of Proprietors, at their own proper widen Colls and Charges, to lower or raise such Parts of a certain Street Strcet* called Queen Street, in the City of London, and to widen and make other Alterations therein as may be deemH proper for the more convenient and suitable Accefs to the said Bridge, and to allot and lay out such Part thereof for Carriages, and such Part thereof for Foot Paffcngers as they shall think proper, and to cause to be dug up and carried away, out of, or to be brought into QucenStvcet aforesaid,

Kka	fuch

5 oo

C. clxvi,

AJXiffu.

Prorifa

Street from Btnkfide to BfedCmanStreer.

Company taking Land belonging to the See of Winch eft er.

gt9 GEO. HI.

such Gravel, Stone, Sand and other Materials, and to employ such Artificers, Labourers, Carriers and others, and to do all other Ads which they shall judge necessary or conducive to the Purpofe* afore-laid, and to fell ana dispose of the old Materials, and to apply the Money arising thereby towards re-imburfing their Charges, and like-wife that it shall and may be lawful to ana for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall think fit, at their own proper Cofts and Charges, to raise, fink or otherwise alter the Poiition of any of the Spurs, Steps, Areas, Cellar Windows and Watercourses, Pipes 01 Spouts belonging to any of the Houfcs, and also the Leaden or other Pipes, which for the Purpofe of conveying Water into any House or other Place shall be laid into or from any Pipe laid down by any of the Companies or Societies who fumifh the Inhabitants of the City of London with Water, and to remove and alter the Courfe and Di< rection of any Sewers or Drains, and to remove all other Obftru&iocs, so as the fame respectively be done with as little Detriment and Ic-convenience to the said Companies, Societies and Inhabitants, as the Circum (lances of the case will admit, and so as the said Company of Proprietors do relay all necessary Pavements, and make all neceflkrr Drains and Sewers in the Room and Stead of those they shall so re-move or alter as aforesaid : Provided always, that nothing herein cod-tained shall extend to charge the said Company of Proprietors with repairing or making good such Pavements, Sewers, Drains or Alter, ations in future ; but that from and after the fame shall be so rclaid, altered, repaired and made good as aforesaid, the fame shall for rvtr thereafter be kept in Repair by such Perfon or Perfons, Companies or Societies as now are or hereafter shall be chargeable there with.

L. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby powered to design, lay out, open and make a spacious and convenient Street, Way or Pastage, not less than Sixty Feet in Width fan House to House, from the South Side of the (aid Bridge, at or nar a certain Place or Alley called Horse Shoe Alley to Blackman Strat, both in Southwark aforesaid, so as to open opposite, or as nearly up. pofite as may be, a certain Road made or intended to be made pur-fuant to an A& made in thelaft Seffion (a) of Parliament, intituled, An A3 for making and maintaining a Road from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road in the County of Surrey. (a) does not appear to be an A3 of the lajl Seffion, but to be 49 G. 3. c. cluin. See CVp.clxxv./o^.]

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or any wife be construed to extend so as to authorize and empower the said Company of Proprietors to tab any further or greater Quantity of Lands or HerediUfl*ntt belong, ing to the See of IVinchefcr, for the Purpofe of making, completing and maintaining the said new Street intended to be made from Htrfi Shoe Alley to Blackman Street aforesaid, than shall be deemed need* fary and sufficient for the making, completing and maintaining such new intended Street, without the Content in Writing of the Lord Bi(hop of Winchejlery and his Succeflbrs for the time being, first had and obtained for that Purpofe.

* LII. And whereas, m order to make a gradual Afcent to ibt 4 said Bridge, on the South Side thereof, without deftroyingorin*

* commoding the free Paflage of Perfons, Horfcs and Carriages,

(along

C.clxvi.

LD.i8ti.	5i°GE0.	III.

501

along the present Street or Road, called Banifide, Southwark, it may be necessary to conftrufl an Arch over the (aid Road or Street, under the ascending Avenue or Entrance to the said Bridge, on» the South Side thereof: And whereas in making the said Street to communicate with the said Bridge, on the South Side thereof, from Blackman Street, Southwari% it may be necefTary to take up and remove the Pavements of divers Alleys, Lanes, Courts and Streets, through or over which the said new Street from Black~ man Street aforesaid is intended to be made ;9 Be it therefore further Power to make nacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com- anArchwiywer any of Proprietors, and they are hereby required, at their own Bankfide* roper Cofts and Charges, to make or cause to be made an Archway ver the said Street or Road called Bankfide aforesaid, of a Width ot being less than Twenty four Feet, at the Bottom or widell Space hereof, of a Height being not less than Fourteen Feet from the Cen-re of the said Arch to the Level of the said Road $ and also, that it iall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, nd they are hereby also required, at their own proper Cofts and Charges, to take up or cause to.be taken up, all or any Part of the ‘avements of the several Alleys, Lanes, Courts and Streets aforesaid, hrough or over which the laid new Street is intended to pass, and o repair, raise, relay and pave the Carriage-way of the said new itreet with Scotch Granite, and the Foot-way with Torkjhire Flag tones, and put up and affix a sufficient Number of Polls, Lamp ’oils and Lamp Irons, and otherwise make the said new Street fit )r the Tranfit of Perfons, Horfes and Carriages, and to allot and ly out such Parts thefeof for Carriages, and such Part3 thereof for ’oot Paflengers, as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Com. uttee, or Court of Direction, mall think proper, and to cause to e dug up, and carried away out of the said Alleys, Lanes, Courts nd Streets aforesaid, and to be brought into the said intended nets treet, such Gravel, Stones and other Materials, and to employ such utificers. Labourers, Carriers and others, and to do all other Ads hich they shall judge necessary or conducive to the PurpofeB afore-iid, and to repair, raise and relay the Pavement of the Alleys, Lanes,

'ourts and Streets on each Side of the said intended new Street, hrough and over which the fame is intended to pass, so as the free ’adage of the said Alleys, Lanes, Courts and Streets may not be . bftru&ed or impeded, and to fell and dispose of the old Materials, nd to apply the Money arising thereby, towards re-imburfing their Charges; and likewise, that it shall and may be lawful to and for he (aid Company of Proprietors, if they shall think lit, at their own roper Cofts and Charges, to raise, fink or otherwise alter the Pofition f any of the Spurs, Step* Areas, Cellar Windows and Watercourses,

*ipes or Spouts, belonging to any of the Houfcs, and also the «eaden or other Pipes, which for the Purpofe of conveying Water ltoany House or other Place, shall be laid into or from any ripe laid own by any of the Companies or Societies who furnilh the Jnhabit-tits of the said Borough of Southwark with Water, and to remove 11 Drains, Sewers and other Obftru&ions whatever, so as the fame e done with as little Detriment and Inconvenience to the said bmpanies, Societies and Inhabitants, as the Circumftances of the !afe will admit, aud so as all proper new Drains, Sewers and Water-ourfes be substituted in the Room or Stead of such Drains, Sewers

K k 3	and

Sox

Prorifo.

Procuring Gravel from the River Thames.

No Gravel, &c. returned or |hxQW4 back.

Penalty.

To take and use Wharfs and Warehoufea on Compeafation,

C. clxvi,	5i°GEO.IIL	A.D.iSii.

and Watercourfes which shall or may be To removed as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge the laid Company of Proprietors with repairing or making good such Streets or Ways, Pavements or Alterations in future, but that from and after the fame shall be to made as aforesaid, (he fame Ihall for ever thereafter be repaired and maintained out of such Funds or Rates, and by fttch Ferfon or Perfons, Companies or Societies, as shall by Law be chargeable therewith.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all such Ballafl, Sand, Gravel, Earth or other Materials as the said Company of Proprietors, or the Perfon employed or to be employed by them, shall at any time raise or take from and out of the said River Thames, for the Purpofe of forming the said Streets, or any other Purpofe whatsoever, under or by virtue of this Aft, shall be railed and taken from such Parts of the said River only as the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, as Coofcrvator of the said River, j or the Perfon or Perfons acting under his Authority, shall, on Re-queft of the said Company of Proprietors in Writing, direct aci appoint*	x

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Gravel, Balkft, Sand, Earth or other Materials which shall at any time or timet hereafter be raised or takeu from or out of the said River coder the Authority of this Ad shall be wholly removed, carried and conveyed from the said River, without fereening or returning of any Part thereof into the said River after the fame shall have been so raised or taken from and out of the said River; and in case any Peribn shall throw or return into the said River any Part of such Gravel* Balia ft. Sand, Earth or other Materials so to be raised or taken from and out of the (aid River, after the fame shall have been railed or taken from and out of the said River as aforesaid, every Perfba so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and Pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered before the Mayor or cither of the Aldermen of the said City, by Information upon the Oath of the Informer, or* One ot more Witnefs or Witneffes, and that One Moiety of the said Penalty, when recovered, shall be given to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be paid to or for the Ufe of the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the fame City.

4 LV. And whereas divers Wharfs, Warehouses, and other BaOd-

*	ings are situated on the Banks of the said River, near and contigu-f ous to the Places from and to which the said Bridge is propofed

*	to be erected and builtBe it therefore further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to take and use the Lands occupied by the frid Wharfs, Wareboots and other Buildings, if requilite to be taken and used for and towards the Ere&ion and Building of the said Bridge, and to take down and remove such Wharfs, Warehoufes and other Buildings, upon giving Six Months Notice of such their Intention to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, fir ft making Satisfa&ion to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Wharfs Warehoufes and other Buildings, in manner hereinafter directed, it jrefpe& of the Owners of other Lands.

LVI. And whereas it may be expedient and neceiTary to take dflwn and remove ccrtaiq Houfes near and contiguous to the Place»

from

A.D.iBii.

C, cirsi.

.5*3

ji#GEani.

from and to which the said Bridge is proposed to be erected and built, for the Purpofe of widening, enlarging and improving the Accefs to the (aid Bridge, Be it therefore further enacted, That it Diall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to take down and remove any House or Houies which it may be deemed necefiary and expedient to take down and remove, for the Purpofe of ereCting and building the said Bridge, and for widening, enlarging and improving the Accefles and Avenues thereto, upon

Sving Six Months Notice of such their Intention to the Owner or wners, Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Houses, and firit making such Satisfa&ion to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Hogfe or Houfes in manner hereinafter directed, in respect of the Owners 6f Lands to be taken and used for the Purpofes of this ACt.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to take and nfe any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Ere&ions, Buildings, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments which may be deemed necessary and convenient for the widening, making and constructing the Streets, Accedes or Avenues to and from the said Bridge which they the said Company of Proprietors are authorized to make and conftrudt by virtue of thiB Act, upon giving Six Months Notice of such their Intention to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Ere&ions, Buildings, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, and first making Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Ere&ions, Buildings, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, in manner hereinafter directed : Provided always, that no Wharf, Ground, Warc-house, House or Building, Garden, Planted Walk or Yard belonging to a House, shall be taken or made use of by the said Company of Proprietors for the Purpofe of this ACt, except such as are mentioned in the Schedules hereunto annexed, without the Confent in Writing of the Owner Or Owners thereof being first had and obtained for that Purpofe.

LVIIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Compauy of Proprietors by virtue of this ACt shall not be entitled or authorised to take down and remove any of the Tenements or Buildings now in the Occupation of Meflrs. Child and Sons, situate on the West Side of Horse Shoe Alley aforesaid, except the Tenement used for a Prefs Shop, without first giving Eighteen Months Notice to the said Mefirs. Child and Sons, or the Occupier or Occupiers of the said Premises, of such their Intention to take down and remove the fame.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this ACt contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors to take any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Tenements or Premises, for the Purpofes of this ACt, or to proceed with the Works herein authorized to he made, until a sufficient Number of Subfcribers shall have been obtained, who will undertake to raise the Sum of Three hundred thou-fand Pounds, such Subscription to be obtained within the Space of Eighteen Calendar Months from the pafling of this Ad, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Lord Mayor, and Court of Aldermen of the City of Londoni, or to the Justices of the Peace for the County of

K k 4	Surrey,

Power to take down Houfes on Compeufctiotv

Power to take Lands for Streets and Ac-cefles to and from Bridge.

Provifo.

Provifo for Premifes of Meftrs* Child.

Company to have joovoooL railed beforeAft carried int# Execution.

C, clxvi.

AJD.1811.

Provifo as to Mifnomer or wrong Deferip-tJoQs inSchedule

30,0001. inverted )ii N.imes cf Tru'tees | regions to Lnnds being purchased 01 Works begun.

51* GEO. III.

Surrey, assembled at any General Quarter-Seflions of the Peace to be holden in and for the laid County, and to be subject to all the Provifoes and Enadments herein contained in respect of any other such Sum or Sums of Money mentioned in this Ad.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if may af the Houses, Lands, Grounds, Gardens, Yards, Buildings, Erections, Wharfs and Hereditaments mentioned and dtferibed in the Schedules • hereunto annexed, or any of the Perfons in whose Pofft ffion or Occupation the fame or any Part thereof are or is dated or deferibed to be diall happen to be omitted, misnamed or inaccurateiy deferibed, then and ih such case, on the fame being certified by any Two of His Majesty’s Juft ices of the Peace for the County, City or Place where the fame shall lie or*be situated, such Omission, Mifnotncr or inaccurate Defcription shall not prevent or retard the Execution of this Ad 5 but the fame Premises, and every Part thereof diall and may be purchased and fold, or afTeifed and valued in manner hereinafter mentioned, and conveyed, disposed of and applied for and to the Purpoks pj this Ad, as fully and effectually as if the fame was or were properly named or deferibed in the said Schedules.

LX I. And be it further enacted, That before any Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Whar!$ or Hereditaments diall be purchased or taken by virtue of the Power* ar,d Authorities of this Ad, and before the said Bridge or Streets ar.d Accedes thereto shall be begun to be erected, built, widened or made, the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required to invest in the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name6 of Sir Charles Price and Sir William Curtis Baronets, and of George Holme Sumner, Samuel Thornton, and William Mellifh Esquires, or the Survivor or Survivors of them, the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, which Sum, when so inverted, together with all the Intereft and Dividends to accrue therefrom, and which are hereby directed to be inverted from time to time as they shall become payable, in the said Fund, in Accumulation with the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds shall be and continue in Trufl for the Purpofes hereinafter directed concerning the fame ; and when and as soon as it shall appear to the Satisfadiw of the said Trustees for the time being, or the Majority of them, that the said Bridge and Streets, and the Works connected therewith shall be so far erected, built and made, that the said Sum of Money so inverted in the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities as hereinbefore directed, together with the Accumulations as aforesaid, will be sufficient to fini(h and complete the said Bridge, Streets and Works, then the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized'and required to transfer the fame to the said Company of Proprietors, or as they shall direct, to be applied for that Purpose; and in case the said Company of Proprietors shall not within Tea Years from and after the parting of thi? Ad complete the said Bridge, Streets a 1.d Works,. then the laid Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, together with the Accumulations before mentioned, shall be applied in removing such Parts of the Bridge and Works as shall or may be lien erected and left unfinirtied in such manner as they the said T uftees, or a Majority of them for the time being, shall order and d red ; or in case the said Company of Proprietors shall at any time after the parting of this Ad neglect or omit, for the Space of Six

Calendar

V.D. 1811.	5r# GEO. III.	C. clx?i.	50$

Calendar Months in Succefiion to proceed with or make reasonable Vogrefs in eresting, building and making the said Bridge, Streets nd Works, it shall and may be lawful for the'faid Troftees, or the lajority of them for the time being, if they shall in their Difcntion liink proper, forthwith to apply the said Trufl Funds and Accumu-itions in removing such Part or Parts of the said Bridge or Works ’ s shall have been erested, built and made, and which shall have been ) left unfinished in the fame manner as if the aforesaid Term of Ten rears had actually expired.

LX 11. And it iA hereby further enacted, That it shall and may Committee e lawful for the said Committee or Court of Direction, and they are empowered to ereby authorized and empowered to make Call or Calls from the call for400,090k ubfenbers to and Proprietors of and in the said Undertaking, for is, her or their rateable and proportionable Part of the said Sum of our hundred thousand Pounds according to the Amount of his, her	/

r their refpettivc Subfcriptions ; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall rfufe or negleet, on having been duly required by Notice to be given 1 manner Tail hereinbefore mentioned* to pay within Thirty Days rom the Date thereof the Amount of his, ner or their rateable or roportionable Part of the Money so to be called for as aforesaid ; ben and in such case, and immediately thereupon he, she or they so :fufing or neglecting shall forfeit his, her or their Share or refpeaive Penalty, ihares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits hereof; all which Shares so forfeited as lafl mentioned shall be pub* icly fold for the Ufe of the rest of the said Proprietors whose Shares nd Iuteref** shall not have been forfeited as lafl aforesaid; and the hirchafer or respective Purchafers of such Share or Shares shall, nthin Fourteen Days next after such Purchafe or respective Pur-hafes shall be made, pay such rateable or proportionable Part of the loney so to be called for as aforesaid, on the Amount of the Share r Shares which they shall so purchase, or so much thereof as shall nt have been paid by the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Share or sfpeftive Shares shall have previously belonged, or otherwise such heir respective Shares so purchased shall again be subject to For-eituie and bale in the fame manner as hereinbefore provided in case f Nonpayment by the said Subscribers or Proprietors.

LXI1I Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled, That NewTruftee* soften a? any of the said Truflees hereby appointed, shall die or iufteadofthofe efufe to aft, or on any Account become iucapable of acting during he Exiflence of any of the Trufls hereby created, it shall be lawful or the surviving or remaining Truflees, or the major Part of them,

>y Writing under their respective Hands, to nominate and appoint Due or more fit Perfon or Perfons to be a Truflee or Truflees jn the ^ace of him or them so dying, refuting to aft, or becoming inca-iable of acting, and the Perfon or Perfons so elected shall have the ame Powers and Authorities as the Truflees herein named.

LXIV. And be it further euacted, That if the said Company Bridge and if Proprietors shall not within Ten Years from and after the palling ?treet completed if this Aft complete the said Bridge, and also the said Street from ,n Ten YeArl* he said Bridge to Blackman Street aforesaid, so a9 to make the fame >aflable for Horfes and Carriages, that then and from thenceforth all ind fmgular the Powers and Authorities veiled in them by this Aft hall cease and determine to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

LXV. And

5*

Bodies Politick and other incapacitated Persons empowered to Cell and con-fey Lands, &c.

Satisfaftion

made.

C. clxvL	51° GEO. III.	A.D.i8xi.

LXV. And be it Further enacted, That after any Lands, Grounds, Ere&ions, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs or Hereditaments shall be fet out and ascertained for building the said Bridge, and for making, widening and constructing the Streets, Accefles and Avenues thereto, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and to and for all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives whether in Pofsession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy or otherwise, and to and for all Hufbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trok for Charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Ad-miniftrators, and all other Trustees and Perfons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Succeflors, hot also for and on behalf of their Crjluique Trusts, whether Infants, Iffne unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Perfon or Perfons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, poffeffrd of or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Intereft therein, and to and for all and every other Perfon or Perfon* whomsoever, who is, or are, or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any Lands, Grounds, ErcCtions, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs or Hereditaments which shall be so fet out and ascertained for the Purpofes aforesaid, to contra# for, lease, fell and convey the fame and every Part thereof to the said Company of Proprietors, and all such Contradb, Agreements, Leases, Sales, Conveyances and Aflurances shall be made at the Expcnce of the said Company of Proprietors, which said Leases, Sales, Conveyances and Aflurances shall t>e kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors; who shall from time to time, when requested, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Perfon or Perfons interested therein requiring the fame, and shall have and receive Nine Pence for every One hundred Words of each such attested Copy, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words ; and every such Conveyance to be made by virtue of this Aft, in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclefiafticai or Civil, and Tenant and Tenants for Life, and Tenant and Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Pofsession, Remainder, Reversion, Exped-ancy or otherwise 5 and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Adminiftra-tors, Femes Covert, Hufbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Perfon or Perfons who is or are felted, possessed of or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Ere&ions, Buddings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments through, » or upon which the said Bridge, Streets, Accefles or Avenues thereto, and other Works hereby authorized to be built, made and coa-ftru&ed, are intended to be built, made and constructed, may accept and receive Satisfa&ion for the Value of such Lands, Grounds, Ere&ions, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs and Heredite-• ments, and for the Damages to be sustained by the making and completing the faM Works herein directed and authorized to be made, . either in gross Sums or by annual Rents (except in cases of Spiritual

YD.i8ii.

5 if GEO. nir

C.clxviV

J* 7

’erfons to whom Compenfatton for Glebe and Tythes firair be made a manner hereinafter dhne&ed), as fhail be agreed upon by and >etween the said Parties interested respectively, or any of them, and be said Company ot Proprietors or their Committee or Court of Jirediion, and in case the laid Parties so interested in the said Lands, grounds, Waters (a), Ere&ions, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Vharfs and Hereditaments, or any of them, and the Lid Company f Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, cannot gree ;s to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the fame ball be fettled and afeertained as is hereinafter directed ; and all such early Rentu or Sums as shall be agreed on between the said Com* (any of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, and he said Parties so interested in such Lands, Waters (a), Ercdtions, buildings, Houses, Grounds, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, r any of them, or as shall be so afeertained and fettled, shall be harged on the Tolls and Rates arising by virtue of this Adi; and iich Rents or Sums shall be paid by the said Company of Proprie-ors either Yearly or Half Yearly, as the fame shall be agreed to ecome due and payable; and in case the fame shall not be paid rithin Thirty Days next after the fame shall fb become due and iayable, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of Hit Majesty’s uftices of the Peace for the County where such Lands, Grounds* ^redions. Buildings,. Houses, Tenements, Wharfs or Hereditaments lay happen to lie, upon Affidavit made before them that the fame as been due and payable for upwards of Thirty Days, and is not et paid and discharged, by an Order under their Hands to appoint )ne or more Perfon or Perfons to receive the Rates and Tolls icrehy granted and made payable, and to pay the fame to such ’erfon or Perfons to whom such yearly Rents or Sums shall he due nd unpaid as aforesaid, the said Justices taking such Security from very iuch Perfon for the due and faithful Execution of bis Office# s they shall judge proper and sufficient, and every such Perfon ft> ppumted shall be deemed a Collector of the said Rates and Tolls, ud shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting the fame, nd shall be subject to the fame Penalties, Rules and Regulations# nd shall receive and retain thereout such reasonable Satisfaction dt his Trouble therein as the said Justices respectively shall determiue, l like manner as if he had been appointed a Collector of the said latcs and Tolls by the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction, until such yearly Rents or Sums, ogether with ail Cofts and Damages by reason of the Nonpayment hereof, shall be fully fatisfted and paid ; and it shall and may bo iwful to and for such Bodies Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, Eccle-aftical or Civil, and Tenant and Tenants for Life, whether in ’ofsession, Remainder, Reveriion or. Expe&ancy, and Tenant or ?enants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable n any Life or Lives; and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Ad-niniftrator8, Femes Covert, Hulbands, Guardians, Committees* Prudees and all and every other Perfon or Perfons to whom such early Rents or Sums shall be due and owing as aforesaid, to sue for nd recover the fame with full Cods of Suit, by A6tion of Debt in ny of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at lVcj)m'tnflcr> or otherwif© o seize and distrain the Tolls and Rates arising by virtue of thia (a) [Sf in

Aft,

jo8

C. clxvi.

A.D.1811.

tf Parties dif-fstisfcd. Jury.

SI8GEO. III.

Ad, (Information of such Diftrefs being immediately given to the laid Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, by Notice in Writing delivered at the Office of the Clerk of the laid Company, or affixed to some of their Gates or Toll Houses, near to the Place where such Diftrefs was made) and to detain as much of the laid Rates and Tolls as shall amount to such Sum or Sums of Money so due and unpaid as aforesaid, together with the reasonable Charges attending such Diftrefs.

LX VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Feoffee or Feoffees in Trust, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Truftee, Committee of or for any Idiot or Lunatic, or any Feme Covert, or any Perfon whether tenant for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or any other Perfon or Perfons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, cannot agree with the said Committee or Court of Direction, refped-ing the Purchafe of or the annual Rent for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or the Satisfaction to be made for any Damages that may be sustained from time to time by him, her or them, by the making, widening or maintaining of the said Bridpe or Streets, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the Works to be made and maintained by virtue of this Ad, and shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the said Company, or of the said Committee or Court of Direction, requiring a Jury to be summoned for the Purpofe of determining such Purchase, annual Rent or Satisfaction; or if any such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Perfon or Perfons io interested or entitled as aforesaid, shall, upon Notice in Writing, given by the Clerk of the said Company, or of the said Committee or Court of Diredion, to the principal Officers of any such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to such Feoffee or Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Adminiftrator8, Hufband, Guardian, Truftee, Committee of or for any Idiot, Lunatic or any Feme Covert, or to such Tenant for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or other Perfon or Perfons so interested or entitled as aforesaid respectively, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his, her or their Aboae, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of- any Lands or other Hereditaments, to be made use of for the Purpofes^of this Ad, for the Space of Twenty one Days next after such Notice, n eg led or rtfufe to treat, or (hail not agree with the said Company of Proprietors, or by reason of Abfence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, or through Difability, by Nonage, Coverture or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement or Agreements as shall be necessary for the Purpofes aforesaid, or shall not within the before mentioned Space of Twenty one Days, produce and fully disclose the State of the Title to the rremifes which he, (he or they respectively is or are, or shall be in Poffeffion of, and the Intereft which he, (he or they respectively may claim therein, then and in every such Cafe the said Committee or Court of Diredion, or any Three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required within Twenty one Days after the Receipt of such Notice by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, or of the said Committee or Couit of Diredion, in case Security in manner herein required (hail be.given, or after the Expiration of Jwenty one Days after the Delivery of

I.D.i8i i*

51® GEO- III-	C.Jtxvu

uch Notice by the said Clerk (as the case may be) to ifTue a \Yarrant nder their Hands and Seals, directed* to the Sheriffs of London, or

0	the Sheriff of the County of Surrey, as the case shall require, and

1	cafe the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, or his or their Under Sheriff shall >e One of the said Company of Proprietors, or enjoy any Office or Mace of Profit or Truft under them, or shall beotherwife interested 1 the Matter in question, then to any One of the Coroners of the ud City or County who shall not be so interested as aforesaid, and 1 case all the said Coroners of the said City or County shall be so iterested, then to the last Perfon or Perfons who filled the Office of beriffs of London, or Sheriff of the County of Surrey, who fhall

ot be interested as aforesaid $ commanding such Sheriffs or Sheriff, Jury impanel* Jnder Sheriff, Coroner or such other Perfon to impannel, summon lins. nd return a Jury, and the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriff,

!oroner or such other Perfons or Perfon, are and is hereby required ccordingly to impannel, summon and return a Jury of Twenty four onest, sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws f this Realm to be returned for the Trials of Iffucs in His Majesty’s )ourts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the laid Sheriffs r Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Coroner or inch other Perfon or Perfons t such Time and Place, as in such Warrant shall be appointed, ich time not being less than Eight or more than Fourteen Days fter such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sheriffs or Sheriff,

Jnder Sheriff, Coroner or such other Perfons or Perfon, and Eight )ays Notice at the lead in Writing, under the Hands of the laid !ommittee or Court of Diredlion, or any Three or more of them, hereby required to be given to such Owners, Proprietors, Occu-iers, Corporations, Truflees or any other Perfons or Perfon as afore-lid, interested in any such Lands or other Hereditaments or to be rft at the respective Dwelling Houfes or Places of Abode of such erfon or Perlons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Coronation, or at the House of the Tenant in pofTeffion of such Lands r other Hereditaments of the Time and Place of the said Jury being ) impannelied, summoned and returned, and the said Sheriffs or heriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Perfons or Perfon, are r is hereby required, out of the Perfons so impannelied, summoned Jury fwara* id returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such ummons, to swear or cause to be fwom Twelve, who shall be the jry for the Purpofes aforesaid, and in default of a sufficient Number F Jurymen, the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Coroner, or ich other Perfons or Perfon, shall return other honest, sufficient id indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily pro-jred, to attend that Service (being qualified as lafl aforefaid) to ake up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve ; and it shall and ay be lawful to and for all Perfons concerned, by themfelve*, their ounfel and Solicitors, to attend and be heard, and to adduce Evi-;nce before the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or ich other Perfons or Perfon respectively, and such Perfons shall also ive their lawful Challenges agaihfl any of the said Jurymen, when Challengs-iey come to be fwom, but shall not challenge the Array ; and the id Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Perfon * Perfons, is and are hereby empowered and required, by a Sum-one or Notice to be signed by such Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under bcriffs, Coroner pr such other Perfons or Perfou, either previous to

of

5;IO

Examining Wit-nelfes.

Damages.

Proceedings

Finalr

CertUrari.

Sheriff Sec. to summon Jury.

Penalty.

C.clwi.	5X*GEO. HL	A.D.1811.

or at the time of any stich Meeting or Meetings, to call before them all and every Perfon or Perfona who shall be thought neerffuy aud proper to be examined as a Witnefs or Witnefles upon Oath, touching and concerning the Premifes ; and the laid Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Perfons or Peribn, may order and authorize the laid Jury, or any Three or mote of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in qneffion, if there be Occafion, and to use all other lawful ways and means, as well for his and their own as for the Jnry’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Perfons or Perfon shall think fit; which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Perfon or Perfons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Uuder Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Perfons or Perfon, are and is hereby empowered and required to adminifter) shall enquire of, assess and afeertain the Sum of Money or annual Rent to be paid for the Purchafe of such Lands or other Hereditaments, or what Damages will be fu Rained by and what Recompence and Satisfa&ion shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers or other Perfon or Perfons interested for or on account of the taking of such Lands or other Hereditaments for the Purpofes of this Act, or of turning any Part pr Parts of the said Street or Streets, Avenues or Acceffes to the said Bridge, into, over or through the fame Lands or other Hereditaments, and shall assess separate Damages for the fame $ and after the (aid Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained and fettled such Damage, Recompence and Satisfaction, the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Perfons or Perfon, shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, or by the said Committee or Court of Direction on their Behalf, to the said Owners or Occupiers of or other Perfon or Perfons interested in the said Lands pr other Hereditaments, according to such Verdid or Inquifitioo of the (aid Jury, and shall give Judgment for such Purchafe Monies, Rent, Recompence or Satisfaction to be assessed by such Jury, which said Verdid or Inquifitiou, Order and Judgment, thereon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Perfons or Peifon, and shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, again ft all Parties and Perfons whomsoever claiming any Eflate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, for Life or Lives, in Poffelfion, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, their Heirs, Succeffore, Executors and Ad-imniflrators. Infants, Iffue unborn. Femes Covert, Perfons beyood the Seas, and under any other Difability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Perfons whomsoever, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or other Procefs into any of His Majefty9* Courts of Record at Westminster, or anv other Courts ; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Coroner, or such other Perfons or Perfon so directed to impannel, summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, or his or their Deputy or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, he or they shall, for every iuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Frfty Pounds* to be recovered .by Adion.of Debt, or on the Cafe, in any

of

t.D. 181 x •

5i® GEO. III.

C. clxvi*

V1

f His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wefimiufier, by the said Com-

any of Proprietors, or by such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Colle-

iate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted

i the Matter in question; and if any Perfon so impannelied, fum-

loned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear,

rithout some reasonable Excuse, or, appearing, fhalL refuse to be

worn on the said Jury, or, being so sworn, shall refuse to give, or

lall not give his Verdist, or shall in any other manner wilfully negledt

is Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this

Ift, he shall be liable and subject to the fame Regulations, and to

he fame Pains and Penalties for such Default, as it he had been im-

annelied, summoned and returned for the Trial of any Iffue joined

) any of His Majefty's Courts at Wejlntnjler ; and if any Perfon Summons and

o summoned and required to give Evidence before, the laid Jury, Neglett.

ouchiog the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or shall not

Hedge a sufficient Excufe to the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under

iheriffs. Coroner, or such other Perfons or Perfon, for not appearing,

ir, appearing, shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give

evidence, then and in every such case, every such Perfon so offend-

ng, upon Proof thereof made before One of His Majesty’s Juft ices

>f the Peace for the City or County, in which the Matter or Queftion

hall arise upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Wit-

lesses, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not Penalty*

rxceeding Five Pouuds, according to the Difcretion of the (aid

Juftice; and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it

shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand

tod Seal of the said Juftice, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goodaand

Chattels of the Perfon so offending, rendering to such Perfon the

Overplus, after such Penalty and the Charges of such Diftrefs and

Sale shall be deduced, and every such Penalty which shall he paid

by or recovered from any Perfon who shall be impannelied, fummoned

and returned on such Jury, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall go

and be paid to the Perfon or Perfons, who shall appear to the faid

Juftice to be injured by the Default of such Perfons.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon or Perjury. Perfons, who, in any Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this Aft, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or other-wife forswear themselves, before any such Jury, or before any Juftice of the Peace, acting as such in the Execution of this Aft, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and, upon Conviftion thereof, shall be subject and liable to such and the fame Pains and Penalties, as Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, are by the Laws in bein eft and liable to.

1 And be it further enacted. That all and every Body and Perfon* requeft-Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, and ing Ju/,es» *° Perfon or Perfons requesting a Jury to be summoned, shall (before enwrmt0 such Warrant shall be ifiued for that Purpofe) enter into a Bond with Two sufficient Sureties to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, in a Penalty of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, with Condition to pay and bear the Cofts and Expences of fummon-ing such Jury, and taking such Verdist, in case the fame shall be

fiven for no greater or for a less Sum or Rent than had been offered y or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, before the impanelling, summoning and returning, the said Jury or Juries for

the

C. elm.

A.D.i3u,

/

SU

GEO. m.

Company not to notice Complaint, unless previous Application.

Sntsfa&ion for Tythes.

Frovifo.

£*pence of Jury and Witneffes, by whom psud.

the Purchafe of, or as a Recompence for any Lands dr other Hereditaments, or as a Compenfation for any Damages, or in case no Verdid shall be found for Damages where the whole DfTpote wai whether any Damages were or were not done as aforesaid.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Diredion shall not, nor shall any of them be obliged or allowed, by virtue of this Ad, to receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoeter, for any Injury or Damage by him, her or them fuftamed or supposed to be sustained by virtue or in consequence of this Ad, unless Notice shall have been given thereof, by or on behalf of such Perfon or Perfons to the Clerk of the said Company, or of the said Committee or Court of Dire&ioo, within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased.

' LXXI I. And be it further enacted, That full Recompence, Satisfaction and Compenfation shall be made by the said Company cf Proprietors for all the Tythes both Great and Small, of the Lands which shall or may be taken or made use of by the said Company for the Purpofes and in pursuance of the Powers of this Ad, to the respective Perfons entitled or who would have been entitled to such Tythes, in case such Lands had not been so taken or made use of according to their respective Interefts therein, such Tythes to be estimated at the average Value of Four Years, commencing at Michaelmas, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fix, such average Value to be afeertained fin case of any Difference concerning the fame) in like manner as trie Value of any Lands or other Hereditaments is hereiubefore directed to be afeertained: Provided always, that the Recompence and Sati&fadioa to be given by virtue of this Ad for all Glebe Lands and Tythes, belonging to Spiritual Perfons, shall be made to such Perfons by an annual Rent.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in each and every case where a Verdid shall be given for more Money, or for a greater annual Rent, for a Recompence or Satisfadion for the absolute Safe of any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments of or belonging to any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, or to any Perfon or Perfons unknown, or as a Compenfation for any Damages done or to be done to any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or other Property than had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Diredion, or where any Verdid shall be found for any Damages where the Difputp is for Damages only, and where no Compenfation, or a smaller Sum than shall be given by such Verdid had been previously offered or tendered in respect thereof, by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Diredion, or where by reason of Abfence in Foreign Countries, or other Impediment or Difability as aforesaid, there' shall not be found any Perfon or Perfons at hand who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Cootrad with and make Conveyance# to and receive Compenfation# from the (aid Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Diredion as hereinbefore mentioned, then and in all such cases all the E*pences of impamrelling, fommooipg and

returning

A.D.r8ii'

C.clxtfi.

yz

5I0 GEO. III.

returning such Jury, and taking such Verdid, (halite fettled by the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner, or such other Perfons or Perfon so impannelling, summoning and returning such Jury, aud taking such Verdid as aforesaid, and be defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors ; but if any Verdid shall be given for the fame Sum or Rent as had been previously offered , by or on behalf of the said Company, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or for a left Sum than had been so. previously offered, or for Damages where the Difpute is for Damages only; or in case of such Refuial or Negled to enter into Treaty with or make Conveyances to or receive Com* penfation from the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Diredion, by any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Eccleflaflical or Civil, by any Perfon or Perfons whom* soever, who is or are by the Proviflons of this Ad or otherwise legally capacitated to treat and convey, or receive such Compenfation as aforesaid, theo and in all such cases (except where by reason of Abfence or otherwise any Perfon or Perfons shall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforesaid, when such Coils and Ex-pences shall be paid by the said Proprietors), the Coils and Expences of impannelling, summoning and returning such Jury, and taking such Verdid,shall be fettled in like manner by the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner, or such other Perfons or Perfon so impannelling, summoning and returning such Jury and taking such Verdid, and be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Eccleflaflical or Civil^ or other Perfon or Perfons with whom the (aid Company of Proprietors, or their Com* mittee or Court of Dire&ioo, shall have such Concerns, Difputes or Controverfles, which said Colls and Expences having been so fettled, shall and may be dedu&ed out of the Money so assessed, and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Eccleflaflical or Civil, or other Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid, and the Payment or Teuder of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so afleiTed and adjudged; and.in case no Damages shall be given by such Verdid, where the Difpute is for Damages only, such Cods and Expences, after having been so afeertained and fettled as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the said Company, by such ways and means as are herein provided for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by this Ad.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, Coroner, or such other Perfons or Perfon, and Juries refpee* tively, in their Awards, Determinations, Adjudications, Judgments and Vcrdids, concerning the Value of Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments shall separately and difliodly proportion off any par* ticular Ell ate, Terms or Interests, and also any Damages fuitained or to be fuilained by any Body Politic or Bodies Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, Eccleflaflical or Civil, or any other Perfon or Perfons whomfeever, by or in consequence of the Execution of any Powers of this Ad, and shall assess and adjudge the Value fet upon such Estate, Term and Interest, and the Money aiTeffed and adjudged far such Damages as aforesaid distinct and apart from each other.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That upon Paymeut or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money, or giving Security for Pay* fi Geo. 2IL	LI	meat

The Value of * Lands aud Cool* penfation for Damages assessed leparately.

to k Company on Payment or |jK

5X4

tag Security for Value or Amount of Damigei.

C. clxvi.

JI* GEO. m.

AD.1S11.

Provifo.

Vewfitt* of Ju-rfes recorded.

Infpe&iou.

meat of any such annual Rent as shall have been eootrafied or agreed for between the Pasties, or adjusted and determined by the (add Committee or Court of Diredion, or attefied by such Juries in manner refpe&iveiy as aforeOnd for the Purchafe or Kent of any such Lands, Tytbes or other Hereditaments, or as a Rocotnpence for any yearly Produce or Profits thereof as hereinbefore mentioned to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Tythes or other Hereditaments, or to such other Perfon or Perfons as shall be interested therein, or •entitled to receive such Purchafe Money or Rent rcfpe&My, or his, her or their Agent or Agents at any time after the feme fall hate been actually (b agreed for, determined or attefied, ordepofitmg the fame in the Bank of England, in manner by this Ad diieded, it '(hall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and their Agents, Workmen and Servants, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments refpc&ivdy (or before such Payment or Tender or Security given by Leave of the Owners or Occupiers thereof) and then and thereupon such Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, together with the yearly Pro&s thereof, and all the Estate, Ufe, Trull and Intereft of any Perionor Perfons therein shall from thenceforth be vetted in aad become tk foie Property of the laid Company of Proprietors to sad for tk Purpofes of this Ad for ever; and such Payment,* Tender or Depofit shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Intereft or Demand of tk Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame shall or ought to have ben made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and conttrued to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Perfon, and all Eftates Tail and other Eftates. in Reversion, Remainder, Expe&ancy or oihcnrie of his, her or their Ifl'ue, and of all and every other Perfon and Per* fons interested therein : Provided nevertheless, that before such Ply. meat, Security, Tender, Investment or Depofit made or gives is aforesaid shall be made, it shall not be lawful to or for the said Coo* pany of Proprietors, or any Perfon or Perfons a ding under or by virtue their of Authority, to dig or cut or otherwise aoe& any Laodi or Grounds, or to take down, remove or otherwise afle&any Lands or Grounds, Tenements or other Hereditaments of the Peribs or Perfons entitled to such Payment or Security for the Purpofr of building or erecting the said Bridge, or of making or conftnt&og tvy of the Streets, Acceffes or Avenues to or from the fame, oraoyof the Works thereunto belonging, without the Leave and Coldest of such Perfon or Perfons refpeoively.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted. That the said Judgmeots and Verdids so given shall be transmitted to and be kept by tk respective Clerks of the Peace, or other Perfon or Petfons having the Cuftody of the Records of the Quarter-Seffiane of the said Ckr of London and County of Surrey respectively, where such Varda shall have been given, and shall be deposited with and be deemed to be Records of (uch Quarter-Sefltons refpe&vely, to all Inteatt ud Purposes, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, (haH be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and all PeriTons dull bsve Liberty to infped. the fame, paying for such Infoedioo the Sum of One Shilling, or to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Nine pence for every One hundred Words f and so nrPhjpor. titm for any greater or less Number of Words.

. LXXVJL And

\.D.i8ii.

C.clxvi.

S'S

5i5GEO.ni.

L XXVII. And be it farther enacted, That the Conveyance of ny such Eftate or Intereft of any. Feme Covert to the (aid Corn-may of Proprietors, or any Perfon or Perfons in Trull for them, y Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delivered y such Feme Covert in the Prefence of andattefted by Two credible Vitneffes, and duly acknowledged and enrolled in the Court of luftiogs of the City of London, m case the Premifes in question lie rithin such City or the Liberties thereof; but if not within such City r Liberties, then to be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery rithin Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effe&-ally and abfoluteiy convey the Eftate and Intereft of such Feme Covert in the Premifes as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries rould or could do if levied or suffered thereof in due Form of Law; nd further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of ny such Houses, Buddings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, tall be purchased by the laid Company of Proprietors by virtue of nd for the Purposes of this Alt, and inrolled as aforesaid, shall ave the like Force, Efte& and Operation in Law, to all Intents nd Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries what->ever would have had if levied or suffered by the Baminer or bargainers, or any Perfon or Perfons seized of or entitle? to any Eftate or Intereft in the Premises, in Truft for such Bargainer or bargainers, in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever,

LXXVIII. And be it. further enacted, That in all Grants and Conveyances to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, under r by virtue, and in pursuance of the several Powers and Authorities > them hereby given, the Words “ grant, bargain and fell,” shall mount to and be construed and adjured in all Courts of Judicature ;> be express Covenants to the Grantee, Leffee or other Purchafer, is, her and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Aftigns, from ie said Company of Proprietors, for themselves and their Succeffors, lat they the said Company of Proprietors, notwithstanding any A ft one by them, were at the time of the Execution of every such riant or Conveyance seized of the Hereditaments and Premifes tereby granted, conveyed and fold of an indefeasible Eftate of In-eritance in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances, for quiet Enjoyment thereof, against the laid Company of Proprietors, their ucceftors and Aftigns, and all claiming under them; and that all ich Purchasers shall be indemnified and laved harmless by the said lompany of Proprietors and their Succefiorg.

* LXXLX. And whereas, in order to carry into Effe& the Purpofes of this A61, and to avoid Difputes with the Owners of Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs or Hereditaments which may be affected by building the laid Bridge, and by making, widening and con ft ruling the Streets, Avenues and Accedes, the said Company of Proprietors may pur-chafe Lands, Grounds, Eve&ions, Buildings, Houses, Wharfs, Tenements or Hereditaments not necessary to be made use of for the Purpofes * of this AltBe it therefore further enacted, 'hat it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of 'roprietors to fell and dispose of and by Indenture under their Com-lon Seal, abfoluteiy to grant and convey such Part or Parts of the *aods, Grounds, Ere&ions, Buildings, Houses, Wharfs, Tenements r Hereditaments which fatty be fp purchased by and conveyed to

L 1 a	the

Bargains and Sales to have the force of Fines and Re* cov eries.

The Words’

* grant, bargain < and fell/ to eperate as Covenant* fotTitfo

Company empowered to refill Lands which may not be wanted.

$i6

C. clxvi.

A.D.181 t.

Provifo for Offer by Compguy bo Mfdl

Affidavit#

5iG£0. III.

the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and which shall not be wanted 'for the Purposes of this A6t; and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the said Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Wharfs, Tenements and Hereditaments, as and for a Street or Streets, Way or Ways, Avenue or Avenues, PalTage Or Pastages, and that all such Conveyances from the said Compary of Proprietors shall be valid and effectual; any Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Wharfs Tenements Or Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, k. shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Treafurcrs, for the time being, to the said Company of Proprietors to (ign and give Receipts far the Money for which the fame shall be fold, which Receipts fcafl be sufficient Difcharges to any Perfon or Perfons for the Purchase Money for such Lands, Grounds, Ere&ions, Buildings, Houles, Wharfs, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof shall be fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts refpeA-ively shall be expressed to be received; and such Perfon or Perfoes shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Lois, Mifapplication or Non-application of such Purchafe Money or any Part thereof: Provided always, That the said Company of Proprietors, before they shall fell and dispose of such Lands, Grounds, Eredtions, Buildings, Houses, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Eftate or Intereft therein, shall first offer to resell the fame to any Perfon or Perfons from whom they shall have purchased the fame, for such Eftate or Intereft as such Perfon or Perfons had therein, and fold to the said Company of Proprietors for and at a Price to be paid by the said Company ; and in case the said Company and such Perfon or Perfons shall differ and not agree as to the Price or Price* thereof, and,such Perfon or Perfons shall nevertheless signify bk, her or their Deft re to purchase the fame by a Notice in Writing to be given or left with tne Clerk of the said Company within Fourteen Days after such Offer, at a Price to be adjusted and fettled by a Jury to be summoned as in case of Purchafes made by the (aid Coa-pany as herein mentioned, mutat'u mutandis, which Notice shall be deemed an actual Contract for purchase of the said Premises, as against the Party or Parties giving the fame at the Price which shall be adjusted and fettled by such Jury ; and in case fuchPerfon or Perfons shall not agree to repurchafe such aforesaid Intereft therein, or shall not give fuen Notice of his, her or their Intention of purchafiug the fame within Fourteen Days after such Oder of Sale, then and in every fach case, an Affidavit being made and sworn before a Mafbr or a Mafter Extraordinary in the High Court-of Chaneery, or beta? One of His Majefty's Justices of the Peace for the City or County where such Lands, Grounds, Ere&ions, Buildings, Houses, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be situated, by some competent Perfoo or Perfons dating that such Offer was made by or on che Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and was not then and thereupon agreed to-by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was so made: and that such Notice as aforesaid was given, shall in all Courts be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to by the Perfou or Perfons to whom it was made (a» the case may be), and that such Notice as aforefeid was not gives-; and

A,.D.i8n.

5 r° GEO. HI.	C..cl*vi. ,	517	^

that all Money which shall 'arife by any Sale or Sales, or Demife or ~

Demifes which may be made by the (aid Company of Proprietors of such Premises, Eftates and Interefts as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purpofes of this Ad; but the Purchaferor Purchafer*, Leffee or Leffees thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Mif-application or Non-application of such Money.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon or Persons entitled Perfons who would be entitled to recover the Mefne Profits of the *° We,ne 1ro-Premises, again ft the Perfon or Perfons in Poffefiion, in case the fame had not been conveyed to or vested in the said Company of Pro- ^afe Muney. prietors as aforesaid, shall be entitled to recover Intereft after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on such Sum or Sums so paid by the said Company of Proprietors, for the Purchafe of such Premises, by Attion of Debt or otherwise, again ft the Perfon k or Perfons who shall receive the fame.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums Purchafe Mo-of Money which are to be paid to any Bodies Politic, Corporate or me*. ana Com-Collegiate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, Feoffees in Trust, Executory, Ad- Pfnl*,,nons miniftrators, Hufbands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees, acting as Guardians, Committees or other Trustees, for or on Behalf Xj^t famcUfei. of any Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Cefiuiquc Trufts ; or to any Perfon or Perfons whose Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, are limited in Strict or other Settlement 5 or to any Perfon under any other Difability or Incapacity whatsoever, for the Purchafe of or the Damages to be done to any such Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, by virtue of the Powers in this Ad contained, shall, in case the fame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, be paid into the Bank of England, in tike Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chaneery, to be placed to his Account ex parte, The South-*wark Bridge Company, to the Intent that such Money shall he applied under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, in the Redemption or Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the pifeharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Charge or Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affediog the fame Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purpofcs ; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame shall be laid’ out and iuvefted under the like ' Diredion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchafe of -other Lands, Meffuages, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall, be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon such and the like Ufes, *

Trufts and Purpofcs, and in the fame manner as the Lauds, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken and used as aforesaid, flood fettled or limited, or such of them as at the. time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effed, and in the meat' time,' and until such Purchafe shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chaneery, upon Application thereto, be in vested by the said Accountant General in bis Name, in the

L1 3	Purchafe	t	.

AJ).iSu.

|i>	C.clxvL'	51*	GEO.	Itt.

Application where Purchafe Money ft left than aooi and above aoh

Application where Money as| left than aoh

How Montet paid in case of Failure in

Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Ponds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities: and in the mean time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the fwd Court to be sold for the Purpofes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Proceeds bf the said Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or other Herafita-merits, so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchafe and Settlement were made.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thai if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Pin. poses aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfoo or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be Ws than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and He. jreditaments so purchased, taken or used, in respect whereof the fame shall be paid, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Com-mittee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, Troftee or Trustees, Receiver or Receivers, or other Perfon or Perfons aft mg as such as aforefeid, to be signified in Writing under their refpeftite Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chaneery, and be placed to his Account as aforefeid, in order to be applied xn manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the feme fhaD be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Committee or Court of Diredion of the said Company (fuch Nomination and Approbation to he fignifed under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the laid Court of Chancery.

LXXXIII. Provided also, and he it further ena&cd, That vk such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall he less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cafes the fame shall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments in respect wheredf the feme shall be paid, in such manner as the said Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Truftee or Trustees, or other Perfon or Perfons ifting as such, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of such Perfon or Perfons so entitled respectively, and the Receipt or Receipts of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the feid Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, shall direct the feme to be paid, shall be 1 sufficient Difcharg^for the ferae,

LXXX1V. And be it further enacted, That in case the Perfon pr Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded

for

A.D*i8xu

C* cIxyL

5l9

51* GEO. Iff.

for the Purchafe of any Lands* Tenements or other rferedkaments to be purchased, taken or used by virtue of this Aft, (halt refute to accept the fame, or shall not beable to make a good Title to the Pie* mises, to the Satisfaftion of the said Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them; or in cafo the Perfon or Perfons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded ae aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England* in the Name and with the Privity oT the Accountant General of the High Court of Chaneery, to be placed to hie Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, (dcfcribmg them) subject to the Order, Controul and Difpo-fition of the said Court of Chaneery, which said Court of Chaneery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons- making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is* hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding’ or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, t# order the laune to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Diftributioo thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Eftate or Estates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereto, and to make such other Order in the Premiies as to the said Court shall seem just and reafonafble; and the Cafhier or Cafhiersof the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is or are hereby required to give a Recept or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ufe the fame is or are received, to fucn Perfon or Perfons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any.Qneftion shall arise touching the Title of any Perfon or Perfons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any inch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who shall have been in Po&ffio* of such Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid at the time of pawing this Aft, and all Perfons claiming under such Perfon or rcrfoos, or under the Poffeffion of such Perfon or Perfons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments according to such Poffeffion. until the contrary shall be (hewn to the Satisfaftion of the said Court of Chaneery, and the Dividends or Interefts of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, ualefs it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Poffeffion was a wrongful Pofsession, or that some other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled-to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments* or to foxarEftate or Intereft tksreio,

L X 4	LXXXVI.	Pro*

matting out Tide*

Where Queftkm u to Title to Money, the Perfon in Poflef-fion of Lands, Sic. deemed entitled thereto.

C. clxvi.

A.D.1811.



51* GEO. IH.

The Court may

or««r reafqiuble Txpences to be paid by Com* pny.

Tenant* at Will to deliver Pof-I'eilioii at Three ^loutha* Notice.

Mortgagees to *<*vey.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Di{ability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfous, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, to be purebafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money lor the fame shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like ufefc in pur-fuance of this Ad, it shall and may be lawful to and for the kid Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Ad, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the neceffiry Code and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the hod Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Dire&oo, who fhail from time to time pay such Sum and Sums of Money far such Purpofcs as the said Court shall direct and order. •

LXXXVI I. And be it further enacted. That every Tenant at Will, or Leflee for a Year, or from Year to Year, fhail deliver tip the Poflefiion of such Premifes. to the said Company pf Proprietors, or to such Perfon or Perfons as they shall appoint to take Poflefiion of the fame, upon having Three Calendar Months Notice to quit such Pofiefikm, from the Clerk to the said Company of Propreton, or from the Perfon or Perfons so authorized by them to take {uch Poflefiion; and such Perfon or Perfons in Poflefiion shall, at the End of the said Three Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with Reference to the time or times of such Tenants holding or not, or so soon after as he, file or they shall be required, peace-ably and quietly deliver up the Poflefiion of the said Premifes to the said Company of Proprietors, or to. such Perfon or Perfons authorized by them to take Poflefiion thereof, such Authority being fig* lulled under the Hands of the Committee or Court of Diredioo of the said Company of Proprietors, or any Three or more of them; and in case any such PerUm or Perfons so in Poflefiioo as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such Poflefiion as aforesaid, all reasonable Satis, faction being firit made or tendered, it shall be lawful for the Com-mittee or Court of Diredion of the said Company, or any three or more of them, to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriffs of London, or Sheriff of the County in which the Premifes shall be situate, to deliver poflefiion of the said Premifes to such Peifos or Perfons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the fame ; and the said Sheriffs or Sheriff are and is hereby required to deliver Poflefiion of the said Premifes accordingly, and to Irrf such Cods as fhail accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Perfon or Perfons so refilling to give Poflefiion as aforesaid, by Didrefs and Sale of his, her or their poods.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted. That all and every Perfon and Perfons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, not being in Poflefiion thereof by .virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, ou the Tender of toe Principal Money and Inteneft due thereon, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months Intereft on the laid Principal Money by the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Diredion, or by such Perfon or Perfons as they (bill appoint ; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees fhail have Notice

A.D.i8ii«

C.clxvi.

51* GEO III.

5*1

in Writing from the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction, or from such Perfon or Perfons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Intereft which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Six Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, then and in such case, at the End of the said Six Months, on Payment of the Principal and Intereft so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign and transfer his, her or their Intereft in the Premifes to the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction, or to such Perfon or Perfons as shall be appointed in Truft for them ; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey or afiign as aforesaid, on such Tender or Payment, then and in such case all Intereft on every such Mortgage or Mortgages shall from thenceforth cease and determine: Provided always, that Provifo, in case the Sum due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Intereft due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises, to be afeertained as directed by this Aft, then and in such case the said Company of Proprietors shall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than the real Value of such Pre-mifes so afceitained as aforesaid: Provided also, that in case any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall neglect or refuse to convey or assign as aforefcid, then upon Payment of the Principal Money and Intereft due on any such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, at the End of Six Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Ufe of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Caftiier or Cafhiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money in like manner as is hereinbefore directed in cases of other Payments into the Bank; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interect, Ufe, Trust, Property,

Claim and Demand, of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all knd every Perfon and Perfons, in Truft for him, her or them, shall vest in the said Company, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Poffeflion of the Premifes comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purpoles whatsoever.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company Company may of Proprietors, or their Committee, shall and may erect and fet up, ere^ ?ale3 aD* or caule to be erected and fet up. One or more Gate or Gates,	°n

Turnpike or Turnpikes, in, upon and across the said intended Bridge, or within Twenty Yards thereof, together with Toll Houi fes and proper and necessary Buildings, Conveniencies and Fences, near to each Gate or Turnpike, across the said intended Bridge, or the Street or Avenue immediately communicating therewith, and within Twenty Yards of the said Bridge; and that the respective Tolls following may be demanded and taken by such Perfon or Perfons as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, shall from time to time appoint at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes, for each and every Time of palling over the said Bridge; that is to fay.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-Vis, Chariot, Chaise, Toll*.

Calalh and Pleafure Carriage, and for every Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage having Four or Three Wheels, and drawn by Six Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Six Pence:

For

C.dxvi

A.D.1B11.

510 GEO. IH.

For any of the like Carriages or Vehicles, drawn by Four Hariri or other Beafts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shitting:

For any of the like Carriages or Vehicles, drawn by left than Four Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, and more than One HorCc or other Beaft of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Nine Pence;

For every Cbaise, Chair or other such Vehicle drawn by One Horse or other Beaft of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Foot Pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or such other Foot Wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, laden with Hay or Straw, having Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards oo the Bottom nr Sole thereof, being horizontal on the Surface of the The, aid rolling an even Surface, drawn by Six or more Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling :

For every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or such other Foot Wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, drawn by Four and not more than Six Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Eight Pence:

For every such Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or other Foot Wheeled Carriage as lift aforesaid, drawn by Two or Three Horio, or other Beaft of Draught, a Sum not excelling Six Pence:

For every such Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or other Foot Wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, drawn by One Horse or other Beaft of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Four Pence:

.For every Cart, Car or other Two Wheeled Carriage drawn by One Horse or other Beaft of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Three Pence:

For every Horse, Mate, Gelding, Mule or Aft, laden or unladen, and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Foot Pfcffenger, a Sum not exceeding One Penny:

Fbr every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, a Sum not exceeds* Eight Pence per Scort, and so in proportion for any gccitei or leu timber:

For every Drove of Calyes,* Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, a Sum nut exceeding Four Pence per Score, and so in proportion for any grater or left Number.

Tolls may bt XC. And' be it furtlier enacted. That thfe fold Company of Pm-altered.	prietoi*	ftiail have full PovM* from time to time at any General or

Special "General Aflembly to lower or reduce alt or any of the said Tolls, but no Reduction of any such Tolls shall be made or take place unlefg a Majority of the Proprietors jprefent at fnch General or Special General AffeirtWy as hereinbefore directed fhatt sffent thereto; and it (half and may be lawful to and* for the said Company of Proprietors* in like manner again to ralfc the said Tolls to such Sum or Sums as they fhati think proper, not exceeding the Sum before* mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed necessary for the Intereft of the said Undertaking.

Carriage* may XCI. Provided always, and be it etiisted, That no Perfon or Per-return Toll-free, fons having Occafion to pass through any Turnpike or Tofl Bar erefted- or to be erected where the Toll is or fnatt be taken by virtue of t;his present Aft with any Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Calash, Chaise, Chair, Hearle, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, Horse, Gelding, Mare, Mule, Afs, Oxen, Cows, Hog*, Sheep or any other Sort of Cattle, and who (hsU tfturn the fame

Day

Cclxvi.

51® geo. in.

s*>

Day through the fame Turnpike or Toll Bar before Twelve of the Clock at Night with the fame Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Ca-lasti, Chaise, Chair, Hearse, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other 1 Carriage, Horse, Gelding, Mare, Mule, Afs, Oxen, Cows, Hogs,

Sheep or any other Sort of Cattle for which such Tolls have been 1 paid, shall be liable or compelled to pay on his, her or their Return the said Tolls at such Turnpike or Toil Bar.

XCII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That Genml Exenw. c no Toll whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any Horse,

1 Beast, Cattle or Carriage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching or guarding Mails of Letters and Exprefle* under the Authority ofrlis Maj4fty*s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching or guarding such Mails or Exprestes, or returning back from conveying or guarding the :	lame, or for any Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty, or for any

;	Horfe, Beast, Cattle or Carriages attending them with their Arms

1	and Baggage, or returning after having been so emploved, nor for

any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, or the t	Horfe or Horfes, or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be

.	employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack or Commiifariat or

i	other publick Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Ufe

t	of His Majesty’s Foroes, or for any Horse, Beast, Cattle or other

t	Carriage, travelling with Vagrants, sent by legal Pactes, or for any'

Volunteers upon their March, or upon Duty, or in going to or re-i,	turning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife,

,	or for any Horse, Mare or Gelding, furnished by or for or belonging

to ai^y Corps of Yeomanry or Voluuteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the f	Days of Exercife, provided that such Perlons be dressed in the

{	Uniforms of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture

f	and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch

r	Corps respectively, at the time of claiming fucn Exemptions as

afore said, or for any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Cala(h, Chair or other Carriage, or Paflenger on Horfeback, going to or return-ing from any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the City of London, or County of Surrey, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or alter such Eleftion ihail begin or be coneluded; and if any Perfon shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Aft granted, not being entitled to the fame, such Perflpn or Perlons for every such Offence,

shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be Penalty, recovered and applied as other Penalties are by this Aft directed to be recovered ana applied.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the said Ttimpiket nat Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, shall not in any manner or by co im any means whatever obstruct or impede the free Paffage and Tranfit fi*e °* to, from and through the several Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards,

Alleys or Pastages, situate on the South Side of the said intended*

Bridge, or fubiect any Perfon or Perfons, or any Horse, Beast, Cattle,

Carnage or other Thing, palling and repassing to, from or through the several Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys or kPaiftgei last aforesaid, to the before mentioned Tolls, or any of them.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, Thtft it (hill and maV be law- To n^f ful to and for the CoUeftdr or Colleftors of the (aid Tolls, or any of mwu 01 ToUfc

them*

5*4

C.clxvi.

A.B.1811.

Difputesrefpeft-ing Tolls and Charges how Settled.

Counterfeiting Toll Tickets.

Penalty,

Colleen of Tolls may give Evidence.

Toll Colled ors to put i:p their Names.

ji° GEO. III.

them, to flop and prevent the Paflage of any Perfon or Perfocs neglecting or refusing to pay the said Tolls, or any of them, or of the Horse, Bead, Cattle, Carnage or other Thing, for or in respect whereof the said Tolls ought to be paid ; or it ihall and may be lawful to and for the said Colle&or or Collectors to seize and detain the Goods and Chattels of such Perfon or Perfons, or such Horse, Bead, Cattle, Carriage or other Thing ; and in case the said Tolls shall not be fully paid and fatished, together with all reasonable Coils and Charges of making, detaining and keeping such Dili;refs, wiuiin the Space of Fourteen Days, the said Colle&or or Coiledors shall and may fell the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Coils and Charges of making, detaining, keeping and felling such Diflrefs to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XCV. And be it further enatied, That if any Difpute shall arise about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Coils and Charges of distraining, keeping or felling any Distress, it ihall and may be lawful to and for the Colle&or or Perfon so distraining to detain the Diftrcis or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls ot the Charges of diilraining, keeping and felling the Diilreis, as the Cafe may be, ihall be ascertained by Tome Juilice of the Peace for the Comity, City or Place wherein such Difpute shall arise, who upon Application made to him for that Purpole ihall examine the said Matters upon the Oath or Oaths of the Parties or other Witnefs or WitneiTes, and ihall determine the Quantity of Tolls due, and ihall also a fiefs the Charges of such Diflrefs and Sale, and all other reafoa. able Coils ; all which Sum or Sums so determined or afleiTed ihall be paid to the Colle&or before he ihall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XCV1. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall forge, counterfeit or alter, or ihall deliver to or receive of any other Perfon or Perfons any Note or Ticket which shall be given to any Perfon by the CoHe&or of the said Tolls, with Intent to avoid the Payment of any or any Part of the said Tolls, or if any Perfon or Perfons ihall unload or cause to be unloaded any Goods or Merchandize upon the Bridge, then and in every such case every such Petfon ihall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in like manner as any other Penalties or Forfeitures can or may be recovered by virtue of this A&, One Moiety whereof fhali be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety ihall be applied in such manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein directed to be applied.

XCV 11. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difpute, Suit or Litigation shall arise touching or in any wife relating to the said Tolls or any of them, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Perfon or Perfons acting by or under the Authority of the said Company of Proprietors, ihall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Difpute, Suit or Litigation, by reason of his, her or their being appointed to collect such Tolls.

XCV III. And be it further enacted, That every Gate Keeper, Toll Gatherer or Colle&or or Receiver of the Tolls on or near the said .intended Bridge ihall and he and they is and are hereby required to place his Christian and* Surname, painted on a Board in White Letters on a Black Ground, in fair legible Chara&ers of such Size as

the

A»D> 1811*

C. clxvf.

52S

51° GEO. III.

the Committee of Court of Dire&ion of the said Company of Proprietors or any Three or more of them shall direct, in the Front of the Toll House where he or they shall be Rationed to collect the said Tolls immediately op his coming on Duty, and (had continue the fame so placed during the whole time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Colle&or or Receiver of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid in the manner and during the time afore-said, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Perfon than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the Powers of this Act, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in any wife hinder any Perfon or Perfons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell his Christian or Surname to any Perfon or Perfons who shall demand the fame, upon having paid the said Tolls or any of them, or shall give a false Name or Names upon such Demand, then and in every such case every such Collector or Receiver shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence, and such Penalty shall be recovered and applied as other Penalties are'by this A6t directed to be recovered and applied.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls that shall be collected and received under or by virtue of this A&, shall be applied and disposed of in manner hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, in the First Place, in paying the Expences for the time being of carrying this A ft into Execution, and of keeping the said Bridge in proper Repair and Condition, and of lighting and watching the fame, and in the Payment of any yearly Kents, Rates, Affefiments or Contributions, which may be charged upon or reserved or made or become payable for or in respect of any of the Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased or taken under or for the Purpofes of this Ad ; and in the next Place, in paying to the Mortgagees and Annuitants under this Ad, the Intereft and Annuities to which they shall be respectively entitled in manner hereinbefore provided; and the Surplus thereof shall be divided amongst the (aid Proprietors in proportion to the Amount of their respective Shares, in manner following ; that is to fay, the said Proprietors shall be entitled to and receive out of the Tolls hereinbefore allowed to be taken and received, Intereft after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the refpec-tive Sum or Sums of Money which (hail nave been paid from time to time upon their respective Shares for and towards the Execution of the said Undertaking, which Intereft shall commence and be computed from the time or relpe&ive times of Payment of such Sura or Sums of Money, or of the In Raiments thereof respectively, and from and after the time when the said Bridge shall be opened for the Pafiage of Horfes and Carriages over and across the fame, the said Proprietors shall be entitled to and receive an Intereft and Dividend upon their respective Shares out of the said Tolls, so as that such Proprietors do not receive more than Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon or in respect of the Amount of such Shares, from the time of the Opening of the said Bridge j and if, and when and as soon as such Surplus (hail be more than sufficient to pay such Ten Pounds per Centum as laii mentioned, then the Excels shall from time to time be laid out in the Name of the said Company of Proprietors, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities; and the Income resulting therefrom shall be accumulated in the natuve of Compound Interect, until such Excefs and Accumulations shall be

11	fufficient

Penalty.

Application of Tolls, and when to ceafc.

$20	C.ckvL	$i* GEO. Iff.	4J)*i8ii4

fvideot to yidd, bjr the Dividends thereof. Ten Pottadi Scr’Cate /*#■ Annum to the (kid Proprietors upon the Amount of their reflective Shares; and when and as soon as such Excefs and Accumulations ihall be sufficient for the Purpofe lafl mentioned, the Stock arifiar therefrom, or the Produce of such Stock, ihall be divided among! the laid Company of Proprietors in Proportion to the Amount of their respective Shares ; who shall thereupon cease to receive or be entitled to any further Proportion of the (aid Tolls, or any Payment in respect thereof; and the said Tolls shall be fubjjeft after the Payment of such Expences, Rents, Intereft and Annuities as afore-said, from thenceforth be laid out (a) and in vetted in the Porchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, and accumulated in like manner as last hereinbefore dirested, until a Sum fhafl be raised sufficient for the paying off the then fulfilling Mortgages tinder this Aft, which Sum when raised /hall be applied accordingly; and that after such Application as last mentioned, such Tolls, fnbjed asaforesaid, /hall be accumulated in manner hereinbefore mentioned, until a further Sum shall be raised sufficient by the Dividends or la-terett thereof, to pay such yearly Rents as aforesaid, and the Annuities that may then be fubtttting under this Aft, and which shall be applied accordingly, and also to produce the annual Sum of Six hundred Pounds; which said latt mentioned annual Sum, aa well as the Dividends or Intereft of the Fund which shall be raised aa last mentioned, for the Payment of the laid Rents and Annuities, subject to the Payment thereof, shall be appropriated towards paying the Ex-peaces of repairing, lighting and watching the said Bridge, as and when there shall be Occafion; and when and as soon as the laid last mentioned Sum /hall be railed, the Tolls and Duties hereby authorized to be eollefted and taken, on and for the said Bridge, fall wholly cease.	(d)	[	The Reading is so in Original

Repair of Bridge	C* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the

hi case Tolls said Bridge /hall be at any time or times out of Repair, and the ToE* infufficiem. to be eollefted under or by virtue of this Aft during the current Year shall be inefficient to defray the Expences of such Repairs and other Expences and annual Payments provided for and directed to be paid by this Aft previously to a jjivifion of such Tolls, or the Surplus thereof, amongst the said Proprietors, and also to pay to die said Proprietors the Stun of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Amount of their respective Shares, and there shall be at such time or times a subsisting accumulated Fund from the Surplus of the said Tolls theretofore eollested; then and in each and every such case such accumulated Fuad shall be applied in the first Place in defraying the Expences of such Repairs, in the next Place in paying the other Expences and annual Payments provided for and directed to be paid by this Aft previously to a Divifion of such Tolls, or the Suiplss thereof, amongst the hud Proprietors, and afterwards in paying or making good to the said Proprietors the Sum of Ten Pounds par Centum per Annum on the Amount of their respective Shares ; sod in case (uch subsisting accumulated Fund shall be mfufficient for the Purpofes last hereinbefore mentioned, then the future Tells to be col-lefted and received under or by virtue of this Aft shall be applied in making good such Deficiency before any further Accumulation of th? Surplus of such future Tolls shall be made.

CL And

C.clxvi.

SV

51# geo. in.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietor*) and their Succeffors who shall or may be Proprietors of Shares at the time when the {aid Tolls are hereinbefore aire&ed to cerse, shall be and they are hereby constituted and appointed a Com-i pany, to continue and be Trustees of the said Bridge, and have a Committee or Court of Diredion continued and regulated as befone-, directed, and subject to all other Regulations, Rules, Orders and Re-r ftridk>ns, Penalties and Forfeitures hereinbefore provided in respect of the said Company or their Committee or Court of Diredion, and , the said Company) or their Committee or Court of Diredion, or any Three or more of them9 shall have Power and Authority to do and perform all Matters and Things which to them shall seem meet and necefiary in and about the maintaining) repairing and fupport-} ing of the (aid Bridge, and the several Lamps, Watch Boxes and , other Works, Matters and Things to be maintained, repaired and fup-j ported by virtue of this Ad, in such manner as to them the f»d , Company, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or ' more of them, shall seem meet; and such Company or their SuocefTort, or their Committee or Court of Diredion, or any Three or more of ' them, shall have Power and Authority, by an Order or Draft under

*	the Common Seal of the said Company, or under the Hands of at least ’ Three of the Committee or Court of Diredion of the said Company, which Seal or Signatures shall be attested by the Clerk to the

1 laid Company for the time being, to dilburfe the lettered or Divi-‘ dendsof the Money hereinbefore directed to be raised and applied for " that Purpose, as may be required, and to apply the fame in and about

*	fuch Repairs, Paving, Watching, Lighting, or any other Matters or

*	Things relating or appertaining to the said Bridge, Lamps, Watch ' Boxes and other Matters and Things to be maintained, repaired and 1 fnpported by virtue of this Ad as aforesaid ; and when all such Ex-E peaces, Cods and Charges of repairing, paving, watching or lighting

the (aid Bridge, or of any other Matters or Things relating or ap-1 pertaining thereto, shall be fully paid and satisfied out of the Intereft ; or Dividends aforesaid, the said Company may, and they are hereby empowered to make and declare a Dividend of the Overplus or In-: tered of such Intered Money as aforesaid, among the said Company 1 or their Succefiors, according to the Shares they may respectively be 1 entitled to.

Ci I. And be it further enacted, That if the said Bridge or the said Lamps, Watch Boxes, or other Works to be maintained and repaired by virtue of this Ad, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall become and be out of Repair, or if the said Bridge, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall not -continue to be watched or lighted in manner hereinbefore directed, then the said Company, or their Committee or Court of Diredion, or any Three or more of them, shall forthwith cause the said Bridge, Lamps, Watch Boxes, and other Works to be repaired, or the said Bridge to be watched or lighted as hereinbefore diieded; and in case the laid Company, or their Committee or Court of Diredion, or any Three or more of them, shall fail within One Week after Notice to. their Clerk to that Effcd, to commence such Repairs, or to cause the said Bridge to be watched or lighted as hereinbefore directed, then it shall be lawful to or for any Perfon or Perfons to prefer or prosecute any Bill or Bills of Indidment again ft the said Company for fetch Failure, and if, the (aid Company shall be-found

p	Guilty

Company to

continue TruC. tees of Bridge.

Company ttay be indilUd for Failure of Re* pair.

5*8

C.cbctL

A.D.1811-

Penalty.

Fixing Lamps.

Wil'ully damaging Lamps*

Penalty.

51* geo. m.

Guilty upon the Trial of such Bill or Bills of Indi&frient, they the said Company shall forfeit and lose to the Perfon or Perfons who foaK have preferred and prosecuted such Bill or Bills of Indictment, the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Failure, and shall be fubiect and liable to commence such Repairs as aforesaid, and to cause the fax: Bridge to be watched and lighted as hereinbefore is directed, within Twenty one Day6 after such Verdi& or Verdi&s on such Bill or of Indi&ment, and in case of Failure in the Whole or in any thereof, the said Company shall again become subject and liable to such Bill or Bills of Indictment, aad so totiej qnot'us until the (aid Repairs on the said Bridge shall be completed, or the Pavement thereof shall be repaired and relaid, or the fame shall be watched 21c lighted as hereinbefore directed.

Cl 11. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for tL said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, and they are hereby empowered and required from time t time, to cause such and lb many Lamp Irons or Lamp Pofb to b put up or affixed in, upon or along the Sides of the said Bridge, aid upon any Wall or Palifade, adjoining to and connected with the Bridge, as they shall think proper; aod also to cause such Number or Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts, to he provided and affixed, to per upon such Lamp Irons and Lamp Pods as they shall think necefLr. for lighting of the said Bridge, and every or any Part thereof.

CIV. And be it further ena&cd, That if any Perfon or Period shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage or destroy «*. of the said Lamps which shall be so ereCted or continued by the said * Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Dive&ioa, or any of the Polls, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or take away, or throw any of the Oil from or out of the said Lamps, or extii-guifh any of the said Lamps wheu lighted, it shall be lawful for acy One or more Juftice or Justices of the Peace for the City or Couatv in which the Offence shall be committed, and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Oath made of the Commiffion of any fuel Offence, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehendiog rise Party or Parties accused; and it shall be lawful for any Perfon 0: Perfons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, as also for any other Perfon or Perfons to afiili in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this A&, and without any other Warrant to convey him, ber or them, or to deliver him, her or them into the Cuflody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before any such Juflice of the Peace as aforesaid, to be dealt with as hereinafter is directed, and the Party or Parties accused beiug brought before any such Jusher, or Oath being made before him that such Party or Parties cannot be found and apprehended, such Juflice shall proceed to examioc upon Oath any Witncfs or Witneffes who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence, and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, cither by his, her or tiitir own Confeilion, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, fee or they so convicted shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten ShiDings for each Lamp, Furniture and Oil so broken, damaged, destroyed, taken away, thrown out or extinguished as aforesaid, and for the Second Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and for the Third and every other subsequent Offence, any Sum trot exceed-

in*

AJ>.i8iw	51*	GEO. HI.	C.cIxyu	5*9

ing Forty Shillings ; and full Satisfaction Audi be made to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction* or to their Surveyor, by such Offender or Offenders for the Damage so by him, her or them done as aforesaid ; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture by him, her or them incurred, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Juf-tice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, is hereby required to commit him, her or them to the House of Correction for the refpeCtive City or County where the Offence shall be Committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceed^ ing Six Months, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be dif-charged before the Expiration of the time for which he, (he or they shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given $ and if any Perfon shall negligently or accidently break, throw down or otherwise damage, destroy, take away or waste any of the said Lamps or Oil, or any of the Pods, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, ana shall not upon Demand make Satisfaction to the said Company or their Committee or Court of Direction, or to their Surveyor for the Damage by such Perfon so done, it shall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to be made by the (aid Company or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, to summon the Party complained of, and upon his or her Appearance, or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the fame was left at his, her or their Dwelling House or Place of Abode, if known, or that he or (he could not be found), such Juftice shall proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either by the Confeflkra of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party complained of, and for the Damage so by him or her done, as to such Juftice shall appear just and reafon-able, and shall cause the Sum so awarded, in case the fame shall not be paid forthwith upon the making of such Award, to be levied by Diftvefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, rendering to him or her the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Diftreft and Sale, shall be deduced; and in case sufficient Diftrefc cannot be found, such Juftice shall commit the Party complained of to the Common Gaol or House of Corre&ion for the City or County where the Offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until he or (he shall pay the Sum so awarded, together with Cofts and Charges as aforesaid.

CV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro- Guarding and prietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction, are hereby watching Bridge empowered from time to time, if they fee Occafton, to appoint fuen Number of fit and able bodied Men, as they shall think proper, to be armed and clothed in such manner as the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or CoArt of Direction, shall direct, to be employed as Watclimen, Guards or Patroles, either on Foot oir on Horfeback, upon the said Bridge, and to appoint any Perfon ' or Perfons to be Superintendant or Superintendants thereof, and from time to time to remove any of the said Superintendants, Watch-51 Gao* III.	M	m	men.

C. clxvi.'

51" GEO. HI.

A.D.iRn.

Duty of Pat role and Watchmen.

Bridge deemed to He in London and Surrey.

Provifo far Rights of Corn-minioners of Sewers in Lon-

Previfo for A&s for Pavement of Southwark.

men. Guards or Patnoles, and to appoint others in their Room, and From time to time to make such Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the better governing the Superintendants, Watclimen, Guards or Patroles, and for the watching and guarding the said Bridge, and keeping the Peace thereon, and on every of them, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the Superintendants, Watclimen, Guards and Pat roles, shall use their heft fendeavours to prevent Fires, Mureters, Burglaries, Robberies, Diftnrbances, Breaches of the Peace, and all Outrages, Mifdemeanors and Diforders on the said Bridge, and to that End are hereby jointly and severally empowered and required, without further Warrant, to arrest, apprehend and detain m the Watch House of the Parifh or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed, or in any other Watch House or cori-venient Place, (whether provided or appointed by the said Company or otherwife), all Malefactors, Rogues, Vagabonds and other difer-derly and suspicious Perfons, who shall be found committing ary Diforder or Offence, or loitering, wandering or mifbehaving them-selyes, or whom the said Superintendants, Watclimen, Guards or Patroles, shall have just cause or reason to suspect of any evil Defigo, and the Perfon or Perfons so apprehended, to convey as soon as conveniently may be before One or more of His Majesty’s Jtifticeaof the Peace acting in and for the City or County wherein such Arreft, Apurehenfion or Detention shall take place, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

CVII. And, in order to remove all Doubts where and befone whom Offences committed on the said Bridge shall and may be cognizable, and how and by whom the Offenders ih such cases may be pnniftied, be it further enabled, That the Half of the said Bridge, when built, next adjoining to the City of London, shall be deemed to be in the (aid City and Part of and in the Parilh of Saint Marlin Vintry, and the other Half of the said Bridge in the County of Surrey shall be deemed to be in the said County of Surrey, and Part of and in the Parifh of Saint Saviour Southwark ; but fuch“ Bridge shall not be deemed or taken to be a County Bridge, so as to lubjeft the said City of London or County of Surrey, or any of the Parifhes or Places hereinbefore mentioned, or either of them, to the repairing or fop* porting of the fame.

CV1II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Alteration shall be made in any of the Pavements, Sewers or Drams ia the City of London under or by virtue of this Aft* without the (Jonfent and Approbation of the CommifOuners of Sewers for the City of London, and that all such Alterations shall be executed under the Direftion of the Surveyor to the said Commiffioiiers for the time being 5 and that nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, diminish, alter or take away anr the Rights, Powers or Authorities veiled in the CommifBoners of Sewers for the City London aforesaid; but that all the Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in them shall be and remain as good, valid and effectual in all respects ae if this Aft had not been made.

CIX. And be it furtherenafted. That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to give to or fnveft the said Company of Proprietors, or any other Perlon or Perfons whomsoever, with any it. Power or Authority which may at all interfere with the

Rights,

A.D.iBin

5*i* GEO. Ill,	C. clxvu	531

Rights, Powers, Authorities or Piovifions heretofore granted by an Ati parted in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 6G.3 c. 14. intituled. An A3 for paving the Streets and Lanes •within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County oj Surrey ; ana for cleansing, lighting and watching the fame ; and also the Courts, Tards, Alleys and Poff ages adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein ; and by an Adi parted in the Eleventh ** G.3. 0.17. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 to explain and amend so much of an A3 of the Sixth Tear of His present Majefly* for paving thcTown and Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, as relate to the CommiJJioners of Sewers ; and for regulating the Manner of taxing Churches and other public Buildings within the Limits of the said A3 ; and also by another Adi parted in the Twenty 36 G. 3. e.iaa sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Pafijages and Places within the Manor of Southwark^ otherwise called The Clink, or Bifhop of Winchefter’s Liberty, in the Parilh of Saint Saviour Southwark in the County of Surrey; for the Removal of present and preventing of future Incroachments, Nui-fantes and Annoyances therein ; for laying out Two new Streets, and widening and regulating several other of the Streets and Paffages within the said Liberty ; for discontinuing the Pajfage through Globe Alley ; and for flatting up} in the Night time, the IVay leading from Clink Street, in the said Liberty, to the River Side ; or by an Adi pafTed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, a6 G. 3. c. 131, An Ad for making, widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the several Parijhes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey and Christ Church, in the County of Surrey 5 and for watching and lighting the said Roads ; and also by an Adi pafTed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 18G.3.C.6& intituled, An A3 for enabling the CommiJJioners for putting in Execution an A3 made in the Sixth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting and watching the fame, and also the Courts,

Tards, Alleys and Paffages adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein ; to open, widen and better regulate the several Streets, Lanes and Paffages within the East Divifion in the said A3 deferibed; and also by another Adi parted in the Forty fourth Year 44 G. 3. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 for altering c* Ixxivv and amending an A3 passed in the Sixth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting and watching the fame, and also the Courts,

Tards, Alleys and Paffages adjoining thereto, and for Preventing Annoyances therein, so far as toe fame relates to the Wejt Divifion thereof, as therein mentioned; and by another Adi passed in the Forty 47 G. 3. Sort*. a. seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An c.cxv,

AS for enlarging the Powers of an A3 of the Twenty sixth Tear of His present MajeJly, for making and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the Parijhes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark,

Bermondsey and Christ Church, in the County of Sucrey» and for watching and lighting the fame Roads; and also ot an Adt parted in the Forty second Year of the Reign of Hit present Majesty, inti- 43 G. 3, c. lxxvi.

M m 2	tilled.

AJXiSil

532	C.clxvx.	51* GEO. IIL

tided. An A8 for restating the AS faffed in the Twenty fifth Tear of the Reign of Hit present Majcfly King George the Third, for more ejfedueuly repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End m Black* man Street in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the County of Sufiex, and fevered other Roads therein mentioned ; and for granting other Powersfor those Purpofes ; but all the Rights, Powers and Authorities vetted in the several Commif-iioners For carrying the said several Ads respectively into Execution, shall be as good, valid and effectual as if this Ad had not been made, save and except as in and by this Ad is herein particularly otherwise declared and enat\ed.

Compenfation CX- Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it stall and voComniffioners may be lawful to and For the said Company of Proprietors, or their ClSkSwaiiems Committee or Court of Diredion, or their Treasurer or Treafuren fer Rates. f°r **me being, an^ they are hereby authorized, empowered and directed, by and out of the Monies to arise and be received under and by virtue of this Ad, to pay or cause to be paid to the respective Commissioners appointed for carrying into Execution the before mentioned and recited Ads of Parliament of the Sixth, Eleventh, Twenty lixth and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majetty, and their SuccefTors, Commissioners for the time being, or any Five or more of them, or to their respective CoUedcrs or Receivers duly appointed under and by virtue of the laid several Ads or any or either of them, such annual Sum and Sums of Money as ihall nave been actually pajd to the said respective Commissioners, or their Colledors or Receivers as aforesaid, in pursuance of the said several Ads, or any or either of them, by And from the Owners and Occupiers of such Houfes as are lituate within the aforesaid Di-visions, or either of them /and which shall be pulled down by or under the Authorities or tor the Purpofes of this Ad>, for and towards the Rates or Aflefiments made in pursuance of the laid several Ads of the Sixth, Eleventh, Twenty sixth and Forty fourth Yean of His present Majetty’s Reign, or any or either of them, within the Year preceding the twenty fifth Day of March One thoufaod eight hundred and deven, after deduding the Expences payable thereout, for and in respect of the paving, clean fin g, lighting and watching the said Streets, Lanes or PafTages, or Part of Streets, Lanes and Pastages, to be included in the said new intended Street, as an Equivalent for the Lofs the said respective Commissioners may sustain by the Nonpayment of the said Rates or AfTeffinents from the laid Owners ana Occupiers of the said House or Houfes within the aforesaid Divisions, or either of them, so pulled down a* aforesaid; and they the said respective Commissioners and iheir Succeflors, or any Five or more of tnem, or the said respective Colledors or Receivers may, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, from time to time, as often as the said Rates or AfTefiments shall he made and allowed, conformable to the Diredioqs of the said several Ads, or any or either of them, to demand, recover and receive the fame, of and from the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Diredtion, or their Trealurer or Treafurers for the time being, as an Equivalent and in lieu of such Rates or AflefT-Provifa	ments	payable as aforesaid: Provided also, that when and so foon

as a sufficient Number of Houfes shall be erected and built on the Sides of the said intended Street from Horse Shoe Alley to Blackman

9	Street

-A.D.1811.

Si' GEO. ffl.

C.clzTI.

533

Street aforesaid, and (hail be rated by virtue of the said federal recited -Ads, or any or either of them, and the Rates thereof ihall amount Co as much Money as the Houfes before mentioned were rated at, at Che time of their being pulled down as aforesaid, that then and from thenceforth the Equivalent above mentioned and directed to be paid lay the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Diredion, or their Treasurer or Treafurers for the time being, to the laid respective Commissioners and their Succeffors, or to their refpec-Cive Colledors or Receivers as aforesaid, shall cease and be no longer payable; and that when and so soon as any House or Houfes shall t>e built, and the Rates thereon not sufficient to answer the (aid Equivalent, that then the (aid respective Commissioners and their Succeffors as aforesaid, and also their said respective Colledors or Receivers, shall allow and give Credit to the faia Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treafurers for the time being, for so much Money as shall be received in respect of the said ieveral Rates or Affeflments, from the Owners and Occupiers of such House or Houses, in Difcharge of the said Equivalents, as far as the fame will extend, they the laid Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treafurers for the time being, paying and being liable to pay the Remainder of the said Equivalent: Provided also, that the laid Dedudions shall only be made from the said Equivalents, until the said new intended Street shall be repaired ana maintained by the said respective Commissioners; and in case any Difference or Difpute shall arise with respect to the Amount of the Equivalents to be paid as aforesaid by tne said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Diredion, or their Treasurer or Treafurers for the time being, the fame shall be adjusted and fettled by any Two or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Surrey, whose Adjuft-ment and Determination shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties concerned,

CXI. And be it further enacted, That the (aid Company of Pro- Compen&tion to prietors, or Three or more of them, shall be, and are hereby em- Watermen, powered and required, before the said Bridge (Hall be completely Snifhed and made passable, to fettle, assess and determine the Re-compence fit and proper to be made to the Company of Watermen,

Wherrymen and Lightermen, for and in respect of the Sunday Ferries, from the Three Cranes in the City of London to the opposite Shore, and the Stairs and Places adjacent thereto ; and in cale such Recompence cannot be fettled by Agreement between the said Company of Proprietors and the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, then the said Company of Proprietors shall be, and are nereby empowered and required, within the Space of Two Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day the said Bridge shall be completely finished and made passable, to proceed to assess the fame by a Jury -or Juries of the City of London, by the fame Methods and in the fame manner as is hereinbefore directed in	’

the case of affeffing Damages of Houfes or Ground directed to be purchased by this present Ad, and the Verdid of such Jury thereupon shall be binding to all Parties ; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized and required to cause the Sum of Money so to be fettled and determined by the laid Company of Pro-

M m 3	prietors,

534

C. clxvi.

A.IXf8n.

Deftroying

Work*.

Punifhment.

Removing Annoyance*,

Throwing Rub* bilh ou Prtdge.

sI3 GEO. III.

prietors, or given by the Verdifts of the said Jliry, as the case may be, to be made and paid out of the Monies intended to he railed for the Purpofes of tnis present Aft, to the Rulers, Auditors ard ‘Affiftants of the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, or such Perfon as they fhafl appoint to receive the fame, within One Calendar Month after such Verdift or Judgment shall be obtained ; which Sum or Sums of Money so to be paid, fhafl be laid out in the Public Funds, by the Rulers, Auditors ar.d Afliftanuof the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, or distributed among the said Watermen, and the Intereft and yearly Produce thereof shall be applied by the said Rulers, Auditors and Affiftants of the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, after the Remuneration to be made to the Watermen fullering or sustaining a Lofs by the building the said Bridge, as tile Money arising from such Ferries hath hitherto been applied.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That it any Perfon or Pcrfoa* shall wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down or dvftroy any of the Works to he erected and made by virtue of this Aft, every such Perfon fha’.l be judged guilty of Felony, and every such Perfon so offending, x d being thereof lawfully convisted, shall be subject to the like Pumft-ments and Penalties as in cases of Grand Larceny 5 and the Court by or before whom such Perfon shall be tried and convicted fhatl have Power and Authority to cause such Perfon to be punifhrd is like manner 39 Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and . Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punifhment futh Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in cases of Pcu Larceny.

CXIfl. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors appointed or to be appointed by the frrd Company of Pioprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, and such Perfons as he or they shall refpeftivcly appoint, from tin* to time, to remove all Obflruftions, Annoyances and Encroachment* on the said Bridge, or on or by the Side or Sides of *ny Part of the said Bridge, or the Avenues immediately leading thereto, by aiy Ereftions whatsoever, within Fifty Feet of the said Bridge, or by Timber, Stone or Carriages, or by any Water Troughs, Tubs or other Things for watering Horfts or Cattle, or for any other Pur-pose, or by Saw Pits, Hovels, Afhes, Rtibbish, Stone, or othenrife by laying or placing Goods, Wares ar.d Merchandize, or other Matters or Things in or upon the said Bridge, or in Front of House within Fifty Feet of the said Bridge, or by any other ways or means whatsoever, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks or Drains running along into the River Thames out of any Street which fhafl interfere with the said Bridge, and be necessary to be removed for the Conflruftion, Prefervation and Safety thereof, and to turn any 'Watercourses, Sinks or Drains running along into the said River Thames, or out of any Street, to the Prejudice and Hurt of the said Bridge, and to open, fcotir, clcanse, widen or make deeper any Wa-tercourfes adjoining or near thereto, and make the fame as deep and large as they shall think necessary.

CXIV. Ar,d be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Pcrfors shall, from and after the said Bridge shall be erested, throw, cast or lny any Pud, Dirt, Afhes, Rubbish, Dung or other Filth or An*

nope co

A-D.j8ij,

510 CEO. III.	C.	dxvlf	53J

noyance in or unan the said Bridge, every such Perfon and Perfonp Hemg convicted thereof shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding	f

"Fwo Pounds for every such Offence, over and above the Charges of Penalty, removing such Filth or Annoyance, which the said Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby authorized to remove; and all the said Forfeitures, as well as the Charges of removing such Annovances, which Charges the Committee or Court of Diredion of tne said Company, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized* to fettle and afeertain, shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or any Alderman of the said City, or of One or more Juflice or Justices of the Peace of the County of Surrey, who is and are hereby authorized and required to grant the fame, directed to the Constable or Peace Officer for the fame Parifh or Place where the Offence (hail be committed, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon Or Diftreft. Perfons so offending, rendering the Overplus upon Demand (if any) after all Charges paid to the Perfon or Perfons whose Goods ana Chattels shall be distrained and fold, and in Default of such Diftrefs or Nonpayment of the said Penalty, the Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the Common Gaol by the said Lord Mayor or Al-deripan, or any such Juftice or Justices as aforesaid, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, there to remaiy without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months : Provided nevertheless, that all and every Perfon an$ Provifo. Perfons so committed shall, npqn Payment of such Forfeitures and Charges, be immediately leleafed from his, her or their Confinement.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons DrawingTimber. shall draw or cause to be drawn upon the said Bridge any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage to trail upon any Part of the said Bridge to the Prejudice thereof, every such Perfon /hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Penalty. Pounds.

CXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Provifo for in this A & contained shall extend dr be construed to extend to takp away, prejudice or derogate from the Rights. Interests, Privileges, ^ London^10* Franchises, Jurifdidions or Authorities of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or their Succeffors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to’ prohibit, defeat, alter or diminish any Power, Authority or Jurifdidion which at the time of making this Ad the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the said Lord Mayor for the time being, as Confervator of the said River Thames or otherwise, did or might lawfully claim, ufe	t

or exercise, other than and except to remove any Shelyes, Gravel,

Sand, Mud or other Obftrudions, or to embank, deepen or widen the said River as aforesaid, in erecting the said Bridge, and making the Landing Places adjoining thereto, and for facilitating the Accefs or Accedes to the said Bridge, and to do and effect every other Matter or Thing which shall or may be necessary to be done and effected for the erecting, maintaining and fupporung the said Bridge and Landing Places.

CXV 11. Provided always, and be it further declared and enacted, Rjgbti ofCom-That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be deemed or con- ™,ffiooers B	Mm	4	ft rued S,w*r,lor

C.clxri.

yi* GEO. Ill*

AJD.iSiu

Surrey tod ’Kent.

Penalties how recovered and ■ppW.

ft rued to extend to prejudice, diminish, alter or take away any of the Rights, Powers or Authorities reded in the Comniffionen of Sewers for the Limits extending from Eajt Mvuldfty, in the County of Surrey, to Ravenjbourne, in the County of Kent, hut all the Rights, Powers and Authorities veiled in them shall be as good, valid and effectual, as if this Ad had not been made.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be ixnpofed (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein otheiwife direfted) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before asy One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City, County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, either by the Confeflion of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witnefles (which Oath such Jnftice is hereby empowered to adminifter) be levied by Diilrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Juslice, which Warrant such Juft ice is hereby empowered to grant for such Purpose, and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of such Diftrefs and Sale ant recovered and dedusted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goodsaod Chattels, and the Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, when paid or levied (if not othervvife directed to be applied by this Aft), fhaQbe from time to time paid to the Treasurer or Treafurers ot the bid Company, and applied to the Purpofes of this Aft ; and in case sufficient Diftrefs shall not be found, and such Penalties and For* feitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for any such Juftice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized sod required, by Warrant qr Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of such County, City or place, there to remain without Bail or Main, prize, for any time not exceeding Six Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid or Satisfied.

CXI3C. Provided neverthekfs, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, from time to time, if they shall fee Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties. For. feitures and Fines, or any ot them, to and for the Ufe of the Informer or Informers, or any Perfon or Perfons (not being a Witnefs or Wit-neffes) aiding or assisting in the Apprehenfion of any Offender or Offenders therein, or any of them ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandiqg.

CXX. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfow to attend. who shall be summoned as a Witnefs or Witnefles to attend and give Evidence before any Juftice of the Peace touching any Matter of Fid contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence agsinft this Aft, either on the Part of the Profecutor or the Perfon or Perfon* accused, shall, on being paid or tendered 4 reasonable Sum for his or her Lofs of time, Colls, Charges and Expences, refuse or neglect to appear at the time and Place to be for that Purpofe appointed, without a reasonable Excufe for his, her or theirRefufal or Negleft, or, appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath (or in case of a Quaker or Quakers on solemn Affirmation) and to give Evidence before fi^h Juftic? of the Peace, then and m every such case ewy

fuch

Informer Part of Penalties.

Compelling Wit

C* clrvi,

•5i#GEO. m.

537

such Perfon shall forfeit and pay for every filch Offence any Sum not Peiuky. exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXXI. And whereas Perfons guilty of Offences against this Aft may be transient Perfons unknown to the Colieftors, Surveyors and other Perfons under this Aft, be it further enacted, That it shall and Tranfient Of-jnay be lawful to and for the laid Colieftors, Surveyors or other fendew iacured, 9%™ refpe&rrely to feiee and detain any such unknown Perfon or Perfons guilty of any Offence against this Aft, and to convey him or them before any One or more of the Juftice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any such Offence shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Aft for so doing.

CXXI I. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviftion of Offenders Conrifikm 4-againft this Aft, be it further enacted. That all and every the Juftice Offender*, and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Perfon or Perfons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Aft, shall and may cause the Conviftion to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effest, as the case shall happen; that is to fay,

4 RE ** remembered. That on the	Day	of	Form	of	C<m»

4	in	the	Year of our Lord

4	A. B. is convicted before me C. D. for before us C. Z).

*	and E. jF\] One [or Two] of His Majefty's Justices of the Peace

4 for the County of	Offence, and

4 Time and Place when and where the fame wcu committed, as the cafe

*	Jball he A Given under my Hand and Seal, [or, our Hands and ‘ SealsJ the Day and Year first above mentioned.*

, CXXI 11. And be it further enacted. That where any Diftreb fhatt be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the Diftrefs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be considered a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Defeft or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviftion, Warrant of Distress, or the Appointment of the Colleftor or Colieftors, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or in any other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the said Party or Parties distraining, be deemed or considered a Trefpaffer or TreU paffers abimtio9 on accouot of any Irregularity which mall afterwards happen to be done by the Party or Parties (o distraining in- making such Distress; but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage which he, (he or they shall have sustained thereby, with usual Colts, and no more, in an Aftion of Trefpass, or on the Cafe, at the Eleftion of the Perfon or Perfons so aggrieved.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted. That no Plaintiff Plaintiff not tv. or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Aftion to be commenced against any recover without Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in pursuance of this Aft, unlels Notice, .Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defend-ants, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode Thirty Days before such Aftion shall be commeneed, of such intended Aftion, (igned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpe-cifying the Caufe pf such Aftion; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Aftion if Tender of good and sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney hy or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before fuch

Aftion

Diftrefs not unlawful for Want of Form.



jjS	'C.dxvi.	5i*GfO.	IH.

Appeal

Notfcfe.

Recognizance.

Limitation ef

^Ainrt,

General Iflue.

A&ion brought; nor if such Tender of Amend* shall be made at hit time after the (aid Adion brought, and before the Trial thereof, together with Coils of Suit to the time of sech La ft; mentioned Tender, but on Proof of such Tender on any Trial to be had in such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall fuller Judgment, as in cases of Noafuit, with Treble Code, to be recovered in the fame manner as any Defendant or Defendants may recover Coils in any another case by Law j or in case no such Tender (hail have been made, it shall and nay be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Adi wo, by leave of the Court where such A&ion shall depend, at any tine before I flue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Moiiey as he, (he or they shall think iit; whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall be had, made and given in, and by such Court, as in other A&ions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

• CXXV. And be it further enabled. That if any Perfon or Perfau

JirU think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Order or udgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye-Law or Order of the (aid Company of Proprietors, or of their Committee or Court of Dire&ioo, or by any Order, Judgment or Detenninatkw qf any Juftice or Justices. of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this A& mentioned or contained, then and in every such case nich Perfon or Perfons may, within Six Months next after such Order, Judgment or Determination shall have been made or giwo, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter-Seffioni of the Peace to be holden in and for the County, City or Place in which the Caufe of Appeal shall arise, (6rft giving Fourteen Dap Notice of such Appeal to the Perfon or Perfons appealed again#, and of the Nature and Matter thereof, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognisance before some Juftice of the Peace for such County, City or Place, with Two sufficient Sarnies conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon;) and the said Justices fiiall, in a fummaiy way, either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General or Quarter Seffiont, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the nest General or Quarter-Seffions of the Peace to be holden for such County, City or Place, and the said Justices map if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-Law, Order, Judgment or Determination, tod may slfo order and award such further Satisfa&ion to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable.

CXXVI. Provided always, and be it further ena&cd, That so A6tion or Suit shall be brought again ft any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, for any thing done a pursuance of this A&, after Three Calendar Months after the Fad committed; and every such A&ion or Suit shall be laid, brought and tried in the City of London, or Counties of Middlesex or Snrny, (as the case may be) and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants ■in every such Atiion or Suit, may, at his, her or their Ele&ioa. plead Specially, or the General Iflue, and give this A& and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and under the Authority of this Ad;

and

ji° GEO. m;	<J.ctivk	S39

and if the fame shall appear to 1>e so done, or that filch A ft ion or

Suit shall have been brought before Thirty Days Notice shall have

been given, or after a fufftcient Satisfaftion made and tendered as

aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the fame as aforesaid,

or shall be brought in any other City or County than the City of

London, or Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, then and in every fuch

case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon

such Verdist, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nousuited, or

discontinue his, her or their Aftion or Suit, after the Defendant or

Defendants Audi have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment

.shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant

or Defendants shall recover Tneble Cods, and shall have such Remedy Treble Cofts.

for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have

for his, her or their Cofts in any other cases by Law, ,

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be PtAXc Aft* deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Juft ices and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE to which this Adi refers;.'

SCHEDULE, No. i. .

LIST of Owners and Occupiers on the North Side of the Bridge.

OCCUPIERS.

William Backhouse, 1 A(kew Hillcourt > and John Backhoufe J John Man

William Backhouse,’ i A(kew Hillcourt ► and John Backhouse, i

Me firs. Thomas Hodg-fon. Brothers and Co. •

A Paffage in Common John Man

Thomas Atkin

-i

DESCRIPTION.

Three Crane Wharf with the 1 Crane Houses, See. See. J

Dwelling House and Count* "1 ing House on the Ground ) Floor	-	I

Under Leafe from Backhoufe and Co.	J

Warehoufe Ground Floor only

House and Pafsage, Ground 'I Floor	-	-	/

Under Leafe from Back- f house and Co. • J

Brick Warehoufea

Under Leafe from Backhoufe and Co.

White Horse Alehoufeon the East Side of Queen Street Under Leafe from Backhoufe and Co.

8

OWNERS.

Merchant Taylon Corn* pany.

Same,

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same,

54®

C.cixru	510GEO.ni.

Schedule, No. x.—continued.

AJ5.l8iu

William Backhouse, 1 Aflcew Hillcourt > and John Backhoufe J The fame

„

Palfaget u Common William Jones and) Thomas Jones -J Beniamin Severn and 1 Frederick Benjamin > King * -j The fame -	•

The fame

Richard and Benjamin 1 Tucker - -J Joseph Dempfey

John Thomas Skerrow

Vintners Company

■— Adams Prieft Shrubb Samuel Pearfon

Phillip Hurd John London Same Empty Empty Empty Empty

Brown Young Jonathan Sills, and Go*

Same

Same

Same

Son8 ^

Brick Warehoufe

Brick Warehoufe

QUEEN STREET, East Side.

Stack of Brick Warehoufes

Two Houses, No. 56 and 57.

House, Not 58.

Brick Warehoufes House, No. 59.

HoufeCorner of Thames Street

House South Side Thames'' Street -	-	-	\

House South Side Thames* Street

Part of Vintners Hall Offices

QUEEN STREET, West Side,

House, No. 41, Queen Street Old House, No. 42. Do.

Old House, No.43. Queen" Street Part of Ground Floor occupied by Vintners Company Do. No. 44.

Do. No. 45.

Do. No. 46.

Do. No. 47.	*

Do. 49.

Do. -	•	*

Do. ■	.

Brick Warehoufes

Houfe	*

Warehoufe	•	«

Houfe	•

Warehoufe

{

Merchant T ay Ion Company.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Vintners Company. Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same,

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

k.D.i8n.

ji« GEO. HI.

Schedule! No. I.—continued.

C. clxT1.

S4* .

OCCUPIERS.	DESCRIPTION.	OWNERS.
Jonathan Sills, Sons') and Co. - -J Same -  Meflrs. Nafh and Nafh William and Thomas 1 Jones - J The fame John Man The fame	Hambro* Wharf, Crane 7 Houfes and Sheds 3 Old Warehoufes Scite of Church Lane Paffage  Brick Warehoufes  Brick Warehoufes  Ditto -Warehoufe	Vintners Company. Same.  Merchant Taylors Company.  Same.  Same.  Same.  Same*  Same.

SCHEDULE, No. a.

LIST of Owners and Occupiers on the South Side of the Bridge.

occupiers.

DESCRIPTION.

OWNERS.

Matthew Sowden

Thomas Collyer

Meflrs. Bowring and 7 Rivington	-J

Thomas Collins William and John Sutton

John Hamer

Thomas Job Mowbray

John and Mead Raymond

BANKSIDE.

House, No. so. and Stone Yard

The Rofe and Bell Alehouse, Shed and Yard

Stack of Warehouses, No. x8.

House, No. 17.

House, Yard, and Ware- 7 house, No. 16.	-	-	f

House, No. 15. Sheds, Ware-7 houses and Yard	-	3

House, No. 14. Kitchen and 7 Yard -	- -I

Brick Warehouse, No. 13.! and Timber Warehoufe f

St. Saviour’s Grammar SchooL

Same.

Joseph Burnett. Anthony Horne,

Henry Weftfield Bifhop.

Same.

Same.

Colonel Hammond.

William Child and Sons

Meflrs. Birkett and Co.

HORSE SHOE ALLEY. Part of the Dyehoufe on the 7 West Side, Engine House and Yard, and Part of the Scite of Horse Shoe Al- ► ley, and Lean-too Warehoufe on Weil Side of Horse Shoe Alley Wood Yard, fmali House and 1 Shed -	-	[

William Child and Sons, and Cordwainers Company.

Cordwainers Company.

542

C clxvi,

yi° GEO, III.-

Schedule, No. 2.^-continued*

A.D.1S11.

Elizabeth Cooper

William Ilett

Richard Vickeri Edward Churcher

George Windfor

Hugh Steven*

John Bratt Jane Pugh

John Byford William Simmon* Abraham Norman John Churcher John Evans

John Jones	*■

John Callan	*

Julia Butcher Martha Barker John Such Benjamin Elmes Abel Jones Ellen Davis

John Scott

Windmill Alehouse, Yard") and Shed	-	-J

Scite of Horse Shoe Alley

MAID LANE. House, No. 9.	Yard and!

Workshop	-	-J

House, No. 10, Yard and Shed

*}

House, No. 11. Yard and Shed, and Warehoufe in Smith’s Rents The Two Brewers Alehouse,! Sheds and Pafiage * J

SMITH’S RENTS.

House, No. 14. Paflage and! Privy -	-J



House, No. 15. and Shed

House, No. 1$.

Scite of Yard and Privies in common

Souse, No. 17.

oufe. No. 18.

House, No*

Yard inclosed with Walls House, No. 13. Yard and!

Waihhoufe - -J House, No. 12. Shed and!

Yard	-	-J

House, No. 11. Shed and Yard House, No. 10. Shed and Yard House, No. 9. Shed and Yard House, No. 8. Shed and Yard House, No. 7. Shed and Yard House, No. 6. Shed and Yard House, No. 5. Shed and Yard

BANKS IDE continued.

House, No. 21, Warehouses, several Sheds and Yards

Cordwainers Company.

f Thomas Powell, a Mi-■I nor. John Hamer, Executor.

Thomas Mann, of Poplar. — PowelL

f Mary Stevens, Life •J Estate, then Tbo-l mas Mann.

f----Lorimer, of City

\ of Edinburgh. Same.

Same.

Same-

Same.

Same. •

Same.

f Peter Broadley E(q.

{ and others.

Same,

Same,

Same.

Same.

Same-

Same.

— Tanner of Dockhead. Same.

' Part Freehold of John Scott, Part onLeafe to John Scott for 999 Years at a Peppercorn, other Part the Parilh of Stead Street.

D. t At	510 GEO#	11^

Schedule, No* t.—continued.

lofeph Hallam Fohn Bird Tohn Griffiths George Bell

Robert Drury, John Channing and James Scott

William Child and Sons

SMITrt'S RENTS House, No. 4. and Yard Houle, No.3.and Yard House, No. 2. and Yard House, No. 1. and Yard

MAID LANE continued. Dwelling House, Store-'' houses, Stables, Store 1 Celiars, Cooperage, Vat Honfes, Shops and Yards Stable, Loft, Chaife Houfe’ and Yard -	-	‘

David Henderfon Sarah Brown and others John Jones

Empty

John Macdonald John Lambert Samuel Bridges Timothy Raerdon Joseph Horton William Knowles

FOUNTAIN ALLEY. House, No. 1. and Yard House, No. 2. and Yard House, No. 3. and Yard

House, No. 4. and Yard

House, No. 5. and Yard House, No. 6. and Yard House, No. 7. and Yard House, No 8. and Yard House, No. 9. and Yard House, No. 10* and Yard

Patrick Mahony Empty

Richard Shields

CASTLE LANE. • House, No. 16. and Yard - House, No. 17.

. Houhi, No. 18. and Shed

Robert Potkin Robert Bayley Empty John Butler John Davis Elizabeth Coyne Robert Drury, John Channing and James Scott John Shears Edward Greeley John Jones Ann Parilh Elizabeth Walters

Richard Brown

: I

• "i

S'

GRUBB’S YARD. t Houfe* No. 2. and Yard House, No 2. and Yard Ruinous House and Yard House and Yard House and Yard - -House, Yard and Shed

Yard only	•	•

House, Yard and Sheds Shed

Houfe	-	'

House and Shed House and Shed Scite of the Yard in Common

CASTLE LANE continued. ■, House, Shed and Yard

&c1xy!1	543

Joseph Burnett. Same. ,

Same.

Anthony Horne.

Cordwainers Company.

f —— Thornton of Ox-< ' \ ford Street.

Same.

Same.

Same.

-Same. -Same. -Same.

► Bilhop of WinchelUr.

544

C.clxvi.

51' GEO. m.

A.D.1811.

Schedule, No. z.—

OCCUPIERS.	DESCRIPTION.	OWNERS.
Elizabeth Airs	House, Shed andYard	
Richard Hardon Samuel Mitchell William Bannifter * -William Wyatt Joen Peck John Hufon " -Mary Slote Evan Lloyd Thomas Thomas  Cornelius Miney Thomas Marys	MORRIS'S WALK. House  House and Yard House, Yard and Shed House, Yard and Shed House, Yard and Shed House, Yard and Shed House and Yard House and Yard House, Shed and Yard Vacant Ground House and Yard - . House, Shed and Yard Sciteof Ground, Morris’sWalk	
George Page Samuel feud Ifaac Day -  Robert Gill John Ward John Goddard Richard Oats Thomas Cliff -	CASTLE LANE continued. House, No. 21.  Three Dwelling Houses,^ Stables, Smith’s Shop, 1 Wheeler’s Shop. Wood f House and Yards -J House, No. 36. Shed and Yard House, No. 27. Shed and Yard Houle, No. 28.  House, ■ and Shed -House,		and Yard -	> Biffiop of Winchester.
Mary Dine and others -William Mafon Robert Bennifon David Mahony	NEW COURT.  House ... House, No. 7. and Yarl House, No. 6. and Yard House, No. 5. and Yard Scite of Yard and Court in J	,
Evan Jones John Twifleton Mark Hewett David Evans	common - - J House, No. 4. and Yard House, No. 3. and Yard House, No. 2. and Yard House, No. 1. and Yard	
Sarah Vickery Empty  Thomas Cliff	CASTLE LANE continued House, No. 32. and Shed House, No. 33. and Sheds House, No. 34. Shed and Yard • House, No. 35. i House, No. 36. ' -	1
Mary Thomas and othen		
Thomas Cliff  Ann Cooper and others.	IN THE COURT; . House House  The Court Yard and Shed	

A.D. 1811.

51* GEO. HI.

Schedule, Ho.

C. eUvi,

545

OCCUPIERS.	DESCRIPTION.	OWNERS.
David Davies * ■	Carney and others	CASTLE LANE continued. House, No. 38.  Houfe	
Elizabeth Collins * Ann Aihford • Thomas Adams	COLEMAN'S COURT. House, No. 1.  House, No. a. -House, No. 3,  Scite of Court and Privies.	
John Pearfon -Samuel Hutchins *	CASTLE STREET. House, No. 38. Shed and Yard House, No. 36. Shed and Yard	
Robert and Arthur 7 Pott, Efqrs. .J Empty  Ricnard Hughes Samuel Linton  ■ ■ — Goddard. Let 7 to Inmates • j	ORTON'S BUILDINGS.  Stables and Coach House  House, No. 2. and Yard House, No. 3. and Yard House, No. 4. Pastage, Yard7 and Shed - -J  House, No. 5. Yard and Shed	
Richard Fairclough John Nafh Charles Mountain John Kiyne	AMERICA PLACE. Part of a PavioPs Yard House, No. 12. and Shed House, No. 13. Yard and Shed House, No. 14. Yard and Shed	► Bifhop of Winchtfter.
George Weedon Peter Thome Samuel Abbott	AMERICA STREET. House, No. 15. and Yard House, Yard and Shed House, Yard and Shed	
Robert Ramfay William Dixon	AMERICA PLACE continued.  House, No. 14. Yard and Shed House, No. 15. Yard and Shed	
George A&on  Elizabeth Clarke Robert Ayres	QUEEN STREET, North Side.  House, No. 23. Workfeops,7 Yard and Shed - -J House, No. 22. and Yard Hcmfe, No. 24.	
William Cowell  Samuel Tilley  Philip Bifoop -  51 Geo. Ill,	6rown bear Court.  ftpufe. No. 1. -House, Yard and Shed House -,  Sqite of Brown Bear Court  N n 1	

$4 6	C.dxvi.	51° GEO. III.

Schedule, No. 2.—continued.

A.D.18M'

OCCUPIERS.

DESCRIPTION.

John Tree Benjamin Wenman

John Gray William Clark,

William Hawking

Thomas Norris

Henry James

William Cropman

Thomas Davidfon

’----Smith and Inmates

Frederick Morley

----Smith and Inmates

Same •

Same	-	*-

Same

Same

William Sanders and!

Inmates	-	J

John Nanfen

Robert Ware %

George aqd Thomas 1 Sadjcr	r	1

Benjamin Gilpiq

James Wagftaff Oinreq Qarty r

OWNERS.

QUEENSTREET

* continued.

House, No. 25. Shop, Shed!

and Yard	-	-J

House, No. 26.

QUEEN STREET, South Side*

House, No. 82.

Brown Bear Alchouse, Sheds" and Yard	*	-	,

House, No. 84. Sheds and. Yard	-

House, No. 85. Work (hops, * Yard and Garden House, No. 86. Smith’s Shop ’ and Yard Part of Yard iti rear of, House, No. 87.	-

Stable, Shed and Yard

WHITE CROSS STREET, South Side.

House, No. 9. and Yard Paul’s Head Alehouse, Yard!

and Skittle Shed	-	J

House and Yard House, No. 12. and Yard Hoqfe, No 13. and Yard . ■ House and Yard *

House, No. 17. Yard and! Paflage -	-	J

House, No. 18. and Yard

Part of Layftal] and Yard

QUEEN STREET, North Side.

House, No. 21. Shed qnd Yard

AMERICA PLACE. House, Gateway, Oil and’i Muftard Mills, Counting j > House, Sheds and Yard ,1 Black Bull Alehouse, Shed' and Yard .	•	-J	’

House, No. 4. Shed and Yard House, No. 5; Yard andl Workfhops - -J

► Bifliop of Winchcfter

I

A.D.iSir

C.clxvi.

547

5i*GE0.IIL

Schedule, No. i.—contintud.

OCCUPIERS.		DESCRIPTION. I	OWNERS.
Richard Clark	-	Houle, No.6. Sheds, Yard! and Garden, and Part of >	
_		Carmans Yard - - J	
Margaret Ritchie	•	House, No. i r. Yard and Shed	
Ann Jackfon	•	Houle, No. to. and Yard ORTON'S BUILDINGS.	
Simon Hale	*	House, No. 6.	
(William Halliwell		House, No. 7.	
i Empty	•	Houfe* No. 8.	
Charles Orlejr	.	House, No. 9.	
Richard Coling	-	House, Building and unco-1 vered Ground - J	
Ditto	-	Ditto . -CASTLE STREET.	
Ditto	.	Ditto ...	
		WHITE CROSS STREET.	K Birtiop of Winchester.
{Thomas Cooke	.	Coach House and Stable, No. 3.	
Ditto	.	Ditto No. 4	
William JLovegrove	-	Three Warehoufea and Parti of Yard - - j	
Thomas Cooke	.	Two Timber Stables	
James Peters	*	Cart Shed, Warchoufc andl Two Rooms - |	
Empty	-	Large Range of Timberl Wareboufes - - - J	
Thomas Cooke	•	Timber Warehoufe RED CROSS STREET.	
James Jones	.	House, No. 41. and Yard	
Samuel Makepeace	.	House, No. 4a. Sheds and Yard	
Samuel Lazasus	• i	House, No. 43. and Shed	
Edward Heaver	1	House, No. 44. and Shed	
Thomas Cooke	i	Part of open Yard	Unknown.
Ralph Woollctt	.	Brick Shop	Unknown.
William Blunt	.	Part of House and Front Shop	Colonel Bullock.
Joseph Woollard	-	Part of the Duke's Headl Alehoufe - -3	| Bifhop of Winchcfter
Robert Wear		House, No. 4c.	
Ralph Woollct		Houfe and Yard, and Work (hops in Falcon Court  LITTLE FALCON COURT.	1 Mrs. Jones, j Refidencc unknown
Richard Prior	•	House, No. 3. and Yard	1
' William Williams	,	House, No. 4. and Yard	> Bifhop of Winchcfter
Inmates	.	Part of Yard of No. 5.	
William Linton	•	Back Sheds of No. 6.	1

Nn 2

54®

C. cl»vi,	5x«GEQ.	m.

Schedule* No. 2.—

A-D.ifu

Thomas Price

------ Brunfden

John Sanders John Fifher John Sparks

Thomas Dawes

Nancy Griffith John Cooper

Thomas Sauntry

Henry Barnes William Hodges Sarah Ellis 1 nmates Inmates Inmates

DESCRIPTION-

RED CROSS STREET '

continued.

-	House, Work (hops, Shed and ►

Yard

PRINCE’S COURT.

-	Timber House and Shed The Scite of Pajfege and Yard

-	Houfe

-	Houfe and Yard » House and Yard

BIRD CAGE WALK.

•	House, Workshops, Sheds and ►

Yard -

•	Workflxops* Sited and Garden

•	House, No. 1. Shed, Yard and

Garden

•	House, No. 2. Shed, Yard and

Garden

•< The Bull Alehoufe and Yard n House, Yard and Shed Part of Yard

-	Houfe

•	Houfe	-	-

. Houfe

OWNERS.

Colonel Bullock*

William Tanner

Henry Pigeon and' William Dixon

William and' Richard] Yate Anthony Sterry

I

1

1}

The fame Wil)ian> No* John Welch Benjamin Francis Samuel Bale

William Smith

BOROUGH HIGH STREET.

Dunn Horse Livery Stable*; ^ the House, Stables, Coach I House ajid Part of Yard - \ House, No. 158. Cooperage, Cart Houses, Warehoufe and Diftillery -	r

House, No. 157. Buildings and 5 Yard

House, No. x56. Buildings and Yard

*

bfeffrs.Holmer sy$Co-

MINT STREET.

House, No. i. and Warehoufe House, No. 2. Shed and Yard > House, No. 3. Shed and Yard House, No. 4. and Yard House, No. 5. and Slaughter House -	-	-

The Scite of the PafTage Part of Yard ajid Stable to No. 6.	-

Colonel Bullock



•5! GEG. III.	C.clxrl—clxi*

Schedule, No. 2.—continued.

549

OCCUPIERS.	DESCRIPTION.
Empty  Henry Orgar -  James Peters Edward Peters John Bid  Thomas Snelling	Y&rd ind Skittlfe Ground tc the King's ArftlS Alehotife House, No. t. arid 2. and Paf-fage . -  BLACKMAN STREET. House, No. 130.  House, No. 129. and Shed House, No. 128. and Shop in Rear  House, No. 127. and Yard

OWNERS.

• Colonel Bullock.

City of London and Colonel Bullock.

City of London and Colonel Bullock.

Cap. clxvii.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal between the Cities Of Bath and Bristol; and also for supplying with Water the Inhabitants ©T the City of Brifloly and its Neighbourhood. [15 th June 1811.]

[500,000 /. and if necessary 150,000/. additional.]

Cap. clxviii.

An Aft to vary and alter the Line of a Cut authorised to be made •a'&.i.c.a*. by an Aft of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majessy, for making a Canal from the River Exe, near Top/bam, in the County of Devon, to the River Tone, n£ar Taunton, in the County of Somerfet} and to amend the laid Aft.	[15th	June 1811.]

Cap. clxix.

An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement entered info Stt 3S 0.3. between the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal c. xxxiii. and certain Perfons, for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parilh of Paddington, and the Parifhes and Streets adjacent, in the County of Midalcfcx.	[[15 th June 1811.J

Cap. clxx.

An Aft to enable The Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey 4l q. 3. (U.K.) Canal to make a Collateral Cut communicating therewith in the c. xxxl Parilh of Saint Mary, Rotherhithe, in the County 0/ Surrey y and 47 O. 3. SeflT. %. to enabfe the said Company to complete the said Canal j and for c*J1**-attending the several Aftt relating thereto. [15th June 1811.] 48	*	axax*

[150,0001, additional may be raised.2

N n 3	Cap.

550

C. clxxu

5t* GEO. IIL

AJJ.itu.

Names of Proprietors.

Cap. clxxi.

An A& for completing and maintaining the Eq/l Country Dock it Rotherbithe, in the County of Surrey.	[15th June 1811.]

WHEREAS divers Perfons* Proprietors of certain Prarafa called the Eq/l Country Dock, Situated on the South Side * of the River Thames, in the Parifh of Saint Mary Rotbcrkitbci 4 in the County of Surrey, adjoining the Dock lately called the 4 Greenland Dock, and now called the Commercial DoA, have fob-4 scribed among themselves for the converting the fame into a Dock, 4 for the Convenience of the Trade to the East Country, and for the 4 Reception of such Articles of Merchandize as are ufuaily imported * in East Country Ships and other Goods, and have expended the 4 whole of the Money fb subscribed in making the said Dock and 4 Premifes thereto belonging : And whereas the said Dock and Pie* 4 mises are not yet complete, although the said Proprietors are 4 indebted in a large Sum of Money beyond the Sums subscribed, 4 and a further Sum will be necessary to complete the said Dock 4 and Premises: And whereas the said Proprietors are defirons of 4 raising the additional Sum ncccflary to complete the (aid Dock and 4 Premifes by transferable Shares, and also to become a Joint Stock *4 Company with transferable Shares, as to the Sums already fob* 4 scribed, and also as to the Sums to be received in pursuance of thi< 4 Act: And whereas the Purnofcs of the said Dock and Premifes 4 will be more conveniently answered, and great Advantage will arise 4 from the fame being doneMay it therefore* plea fe Your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's Mol Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by and with the Authority of the lame. That Tims: AJlon, George Allen Ay twin, William Armjlrong, Michael Andreas, John Powell A/bley, William Arthur, Thomas AJhton, John Butter-worth, John Bran ten, James Browning, Edward Browne, Homs Burnejs, Joseph Boucock, James Bell, James Btnfon, John Bainkridp, Gilbert Burn, John Cotton, John Collett, Mrs. Martha Cawflos, Aaron Clark, Mifs Florellab Cohen, John Collins, Jqfepb Cobb, Jah Crouch, Thomas Champion, Edmund Drayton, Charles Downes,Thus; Day, Joseph Doane, Ralph Day, John Eykyn, Richard Eykyn, Waiter Emmett, William Forman, Richard Farmer, Charles Ftflier, Arthur French, William French, Philip French, Henry Fountain, D&hirl Folkard, Robert Grant, Samuel Garratt, Thomas Graves, John Henn Hecker, Jairts Haxlewovt!, Luder Hof ham, Matthew Hut chin [on, William Hobfon, William liebb,m Solomon Hougbam, Jeremiah Hobfos, John Lou ten Hillier, Matthew Heather, William Hewer, Robert Hit chins, John Daniel Humbert, Thomas James, William Jour dew 1 Nicholas Jourdain, Nicholas Jour da in, John Idle, John David Jones, Robert Kingjlon, George Ley burn, Richard Lloyd, Thomas Leonard, William Legge, Samuel Langhorn, Mathew Moody, Thomas Mabby, Robert Humphrey Martin, David Mathews, Henry Madgmcl, Thomas Neck,	Nourse,	Charles	Price, Ralph Price, Richard

Price, Robert Pedder, Mifs Harriet Perry, John Powell, Richard Pack, Richard Par win, William Parker, George Penny, Thomas Piper,

Thus/

AiD.i8ii<	$i0GEOiIII.	Cidxxi.	551

Thomas . Pajfard\ Charles Seymour Pear [on* Joseph Robbins , James Robins, Vdentine Rutter, Thomas Reynolds, Thomas Raggett* Edward Robin [on f Thomas Reeve, George Syme* Hajket Smith, Robert Henry Stares* Mifs Jane Sorely Mifs Elina Sorely Benjamin Sewell* William Thompson, Thomas Taylor, John Thornton* Samuel Thornton* Morris Tobias, John Tifftone* Samuel Ward* John Ward, Thomas Wilfon%

Thomas Wace* Thomas Wilde, Thomas Wilfon* Joseph Wolfe* William Wade* together with such other Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, as shall, according to the Conditions and Reftri&ions in this Act contained, be possessed of any Part of the Joint Stock of the said Company, their several and respective Executors, Adminiltrators and Afiigns, being a Proprietor or Pro-prietors of any Share or Shares in the said Dock or Docks, shall have full Power and Authority to keep, direct and order the Docks,

Bafons, Quays, Wharfs and Works now erected and made, and to complete and maintain the fame, and all other Bafons, Quays, Wharfs,

Works, Entrances, Bridges, Buildings, Machines and other Matters and Things appertaining thereto, and shall for that Purpofe be a Joint Stock Company, by the Name and Stile of The East Country Dock Company*

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have Power to fapply full Power and Authority to supply the said Docks, Bafons or other Dockj wilh Works, or any of them, at all times with Wat?r from the River

Thames, and all such Brooks, Springs, Rivulets, Waters and Water- ' courses as are or shall flow or be found in the completing the said Docks and Bafons, and other Works respectively.

III.	And be it further enabled, That the said East Country Dock To scour Bed of Company shall have full Power and Authority by their Servants, lhe River* Agents and Workmen, to enter on and deepen, qnd scour out the

Beach and Bed of the River Thames at the Entrance to the said Docks, and for ever after maintain and preserve the Depth so made from the Docks,. Piers or other Works, at the Enrance from the River to the /aid Docks, so as to admit Veffels navigating or entering into the said Bafons and Docks from the said River Thames* with the fame or a greater Depth of Water than is on the Sills of the Docks or Entrance to the said Bafons or Docks.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all the Meffuages, Lands, PremUes to vest Tenements and Hereditaments, which now belong or may hereafter in Subfciibcrs. belong to the said Company, and all Buildings, Ere&ions and other

Matters and Things thereon and thereunto belonging, and also all

Bafons or. Docks, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs, Works, Machines and

requifite Roads, Ways, Sluices, Drains, Matters and Things, which

fhsul be made, built, provided or established by the said Company,

shall be and the fame are hereby vested in the said Company ; and it Power to brinj

shall be lawful for the laid Company, in the Name of the Treafurei* Aflion*.

of the said Company for the time being, to bring any Adtion or

A&ions, and to prefer or prosecute any Bill or Bills of Indi£t-

ment again It any Perfon or Pcrfons, who shall cut, damage or

injure, or cause to be cut, damaged or injured, any of the Works

to be made, erected, established, amended or repaired by virtue of

this Alt, or who shall injure or destroy the lame whilst doing,

or impede the doing thereof, or shall iteal, purloin or wrongfully

take away Stones, Lead, Iron, Wood, Bricks or other Materials

fnd Machines', Engines or Utenfils, provided or to be provided from

N n 4	time

55*

C. clxvi.

A.D.i3n

General Meet* mg.

Special Meetings called at Keipieft of Twelve Subscribers.

PVefent D>*

it&on.

Three of the piefcntDire&ots to retire on the 2d Tburfday in May 181a.

Kleflion of Dire <U or*

51'GEO. III.

time to time, or used, or intended lb to be ufod theitoa, or for any other Purpofes of this AA, or who ftuH wilfully do or fuffrr, Or consent to do any thing whereby Damage may aceme to the Mefluages, Enedions and Buildings to be purchased, or the Work* or Machines %o be made or cvedea by virtue of tbit Ad; and all the Damages which shall be so recovered by the laid Company, by any Suit, Procefs or A&ion, after deducing the Cofts of Sait, shall be applied as hereinafter directed.

V.	And be it further enacted, That a General Court of the (W Edjk Counify Dock Company shall be held every Year at such tine as the Diredors shall appoint.

* VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Twelve or more of the said Company, who shall severally be Proprietors of One hundred Pounds or upwards of the said Stock, (haB judge It necefiary or expedient for the carrymginto Execution the Purpofes o£ this Ad, to have an extraordinary General Meeting of the (hid Company calied, and shall request the feme so to be called by Notice in Writing under their respective Hands, delivered to the Clerk or Treaforer of the said Company for the time being, specifying m every such Notice the Bufinefs intended to be proceeded upon at such Meetings, the Directors of the said Company to be appointed as hereinafter directed, or any Three or more of them, (half, within Ten Days after the Delivery of such Notice, and they and tlierr Succeflors are hereby authorized and required to cal! such extraordinary Meeting to assemble at such Time and Place, within the Limits afore said, as they shall judge expedient within Twenty one Days from and after focb Notice; and such Meeting shall be deemed a public one, and aH Pro-ceedings then duly had arid confirmed by a subsequent Meeting, ordinary or extraordinary, shall be deemed as valid and eife&nal, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if the feme had been dooe at Meetings in the manner hereinbefore appointed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Wilfon, Jeh Brant on y John Collett, Robert Grant, John Eykyn% James Bevfot, Hejketh Smith, Thomas Maltly and Joseph Boucock, shall be and continue Diredors of the said Company until the Second Thurfthj in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve, tmWt such Diredors or either of them shall die, be removed, by the Cbort of Proprietors or otherwise, or dispose of hi?, her or their Shares ia the feid Stock, so as to reduce the feme under the Number of Five, $n any of which cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the next General Meeting of the feid Company, ordinary or extraordinary, ta nominate and appoint by Ballot a new or other Diredor in the Room of such Diredor or Diredors so dying, being removed or having difr posed of his or their said Stock, for the Remainder of the Term which such Diredor should have been in Office, and so on from time to time as Occafion may require ; and that on the feid Second Tfor/* day in the Month pf May One thousand eight hundred and twelve, Three of the present Diredors, or of such of them as shall then remain in Office, and the Perfon or Perfons who shall be fubftituttd in the Place or Places of any of them who shall in the mean time cease to be a Diredor or Diredors, shall retire from their said Offer, and on the Second ThurfJay in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Three of die remaining Six pf the prefont Diredors or Uie Perfon or Perfons who shall have bcca appointed is

A.D.iBik

C. clxxL

SSI

51® GEO. IIL

file Place or Placet of any of them,, shall retire ini like manner* *•; and it frail be decided aroongfl the Directors by Lot, which' Three of the laid present Diredors, or of such Perfon or Perfont at afore-Iaid, frail retire at the respective times aforesaid; and that after the said Second Thurfday in the Month of May One thouCand eight hundred and thirteen,* Three Diredors frail retire from Office on the Second Thurfday in the Month of May in every fubfequeot Year; and the Diredors so retiring frail be those Diredors who fratt have been in Office for Three Years, or who frail have been fub-(touted in the Place of such Diredors, as would, if they had not ceased to be Diredors, have been then in Office for that Period; Provided always nevertheless, that no Perfon frail be eligible to be appointed a Diiedor of the said Company, who frail not hold at lead Five Shares of One hundred pounds each, of the Stock of die said Company.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That not less than Three of the (aid Diredors shall be a Quorum capable of acting in Execution of this Ad, and that all Motions and Questions to be made and put at such Meetings shall be decided by a Majority of the Diredors present ; and if the Numbers on each Side frail happen to be equal, the Chair* man of the Meeting frail in every such Cafe give the Calling Vote,

IX.	Aud be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Perfon or Perfdns who shall by virtue of this Ad have fubferibed or undertaken for One Share m the said Undertaking, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators and Affigns shall have One Vote in the several Affembltea to be holden as hereinafter appointed for carrying on the said Undertaking; and the Holder or Holders of One Share mall have One Vote, and the Holder or Holders of Two Shares frail have One Vote, Three Shares Two Votes, Four Shares Two Votes, Five Shares Three Votes, Ten Shares Four Votes, Twenty Shares Five Votes; but no Holder or Holders of Shares shall, by reason of any Numher of Shares, have more than Five Votes, which Vote or Votes may be given by him, her or them, or by his, her or their Proxy or Proxies, conllituted under the Seal of such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or the Hand and Seal of such other Perfon, ere^y such Proxy being a Proprietor in the (aid Undertaking; and every such Vote by Proxy frail be as good, sufficient and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal had voted \n Perfon ; and every Quell ion. Matter or Thing which frail be proposed, difeuffed or con-fidcred in any General or Special Aflembly of the said Company, frail be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then pre-feat : Provided nevertheless, that no Perfon- frail give or deliver in Proxies for more than Five Share-holders, the Appointment of which Proxies may be made according to the Form following :

*	Y A. B. One of the Proprietors of the Eaji Country Doth) do

*	* hereby nominate, constitute and appoint C. D. of

*	^	to	be my Proxy in my Name, and

*	»« my Abfence to vote or give any Affent or Diflent to any Mea-

*	fore, Bufinofs or Thing relating to the said Docks and Under-

*• taking, that shall be mentioned or proposed at any Aflembly of the

*	Company of Proprietors of the laid Docks, in such. manner as be ? the mid C.D* (rail think proper, according to his Opinion and

* Judgm nt,1

Retiring Dt~ red ori docifo! by Lol

Direftor* ts hold Five Sham*

Quorum.

RenAstfuiaf

Voles.

Proxy.

Number of I'rokies.

C. clxxL

AJ).i8 u.

$i* GEO- ni.

*	Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Docks and Undertaking, or

•	any thing appertaining thereto. In Witnefs whereof I hart here*

‘ unto fet my Hand and Seal the	Day	of

Jbwcr to raise ifarty thouCwd Pounds.

rnt Stcck to Pe-rfoiul

Ifbte.

Not liable to Attachment*.

Pcnvcr to wife a further Sum by fie-.v Share*.

X.	And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to raise and contribute amongst them-selyes, a competent Sum of Money for completing and maintaining the said Dock or Docks, and all the Feeders, Aqueducts, Ways, Roads, Bridges, Offices, Sluices, Wharfs an<^ all other Works be-longing or requisite thereto, and for paying filch Sums of Money as may be due, by reason of the Expences already incurred in making the fame, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds (fave and except as hereinafter mentioned) in Addition to the Sum already fubferibed ; and the fame shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each, and the said Shares, as well those already fubferibed for, as thole which shall be hereafter fubferibed for, in pursuance of this A&, shall be and are hereby veiled in the several Perfons so fubfciibing, and their several and refpeftiw Executors, Adminiftrators, Succelfors, and Afligns, to their and every of their proper Ufe and Benefit, proportion ably to the Sum* they shall feverally! raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Perfons, their several and rcfpe&iw Succeflbrs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, who (hill severally subscribe for One or mt>rc Share or Shares, of such Sura or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof towards completing the said Dock or Docks, and other the Purpofcs of the said Stibicription, shall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Diftiibution of an equal proportionable Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may ante and accrue by the Tolls, Rates, Wharfage aiid other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered and received by the said Company by the Authority of this Att.

XI.	' And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and of all other Perfons of and in the said Dock or Docks, or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company, shall be and be deemed to be the Perfonai Eftatc and tranfmiflible as such, and diltributable as such, and not in any refpeit of the Nature of Real Property.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That no Share or Shares of the said Dock or Docks shall he liable to be attached by any foreign Attachment within the City of London for any Debt or Demand; any Law*, Ufage or Cuftom of the City of London to the contrary thereof notwith Handing.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That in case the Money hereiu-before authorized to be railed, shall be found inefficient for the completing and maintaining the said Dock or Dock*, and other Works hereby authorized. to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then, and iu_ such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, to raise and contribute amongst themselves in Manner and Form aforesaid, or to raise by the Admilfion of new Subfcribers (the Confent of a General Meeting being previously had and obtained for that Purpofe) any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfe£ling the foid Undertaking,. nut exceeding in the whole, the Sum of Twenty thouiaod

.	Pounds	\



$ i° GEO. 1IL	CL	clxxi.	55j

Pounds ; and every Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, (ubfcribing towards-railing such further or other Sum of Money, shall be deemed a Member or Members of the said Company, and shall have all Rights and Privileges of the said Company in as full and perfect a manner as if he, (he or they had been .nominated and appointed at the* General Meeting holden for the Purpofes of this Aft, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and be interested in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in proportion to the Sum he, (he or they shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively to all Intents and Purpofes as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be fubferibed for and railed, had originally been Part of the said first Sum.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That the Direftors for managing Directorst» the Concerns of the said Company, to be appointed as hereinafter is Account*, ex pressed, or any Three or more of them, shall have Power from and roake time to time to call for, audit and fettle all Accounts of Money laid out anddifburfed for the Purpofes of this Aft, by Officers and Perfons employed under the Authonty of this AH, and to make such Call or Calls of Money from the Subscribers, their Executors, Adminiflra-tors and Afsigns, according to the Amount of their respective Subscriptions or Shares, for the Puipofc of defraying the Expcnces of this Aft or the carrying on *the Works autliorized or directed by this Aft, ashy them the said Directors, or any Three or more of them, shall from time to time be deemed necessary for tliofe Purposes;, so that no Call shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every No Cull exceed Hundred Pounds on the Sum or Sums so fubferibed, and so as no aol.

Call to that Amount be made but at the Interval of One Calendar Month at the leait from the preceding Call, which Money so called for shall be paid to such Perfon or Perfons, and iu such manner as the said Direftors shall from time to time appoint or dirt ft for the Ufe of the said Undertaking; and the Owner or Owners of Stock in tjie said Undertaking, shall pay his, her or their Proportion or Proportions of the Monies called for as aforesaid at such Time and Place, and in such manner as shall be appointed for that Purpofc as' aforesaid; and if any Perfou or Perfons, Body or Calls recovered Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or by Adion. Bole, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share, Parts or Shares of the said Monies to be called for as aforesaid at the Time ami Place to be appointed by the said Directors, the Perfon or PerfonBody or Bodies Politic,

Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Penally. Pounds for every' Hundred Pounds of his, her or their refpettive Subscriptions or Stock, or Part and Intcrell in the said Undertaking ; and in every such case, the said Dock Company are hereby empowered to sue for and recover iu any Court or Courts of Law or Equity (a3 the case may require) every or any such Part or Share, or any Part thereof so neglected or refilled to be paid, and also the said Penalty of Five Pounds per Share; and in case such Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate,

Corporations Aggregate or Sole, shall neglect or refuse. to pay his, her or their rateable or proportion able Part or Parts, or Shares of the (aid Money to be called for as aforesaid. for the Space of One

Month



ss«

C. clxxi.

ii« geo. in.

AJD.iSit.

Ptmltj.

Vo Adrifitagt taken for Forfeiture until Notice, and until declared tor-

Month after the time or any of the tefpe&ive times to be appointed 'for Payment thereof as aforefaid* then and in every such case the fine may be sued for and recovered by the feid Dock Company, as Wl hereinbefore is mentioned; or othertfrife at the Option of the bid Directors, or df any Three or more of them, of the Pdrfoo or Perrons* Body or Bodies Politic* Corporate or Collegiate, Cdntoratioia Aggregate or Soto, so neglc&ing to pay the fame* fhaM forfeit ail his* her or their rtfpe&ive Stock or Part and Intetefts in the said Undertaking and Premises, all which Forfeitures shall go to sod for the Benefit of the rest of the Proprietors, their Succeftbrs* Executors, Adminiftrators and Afiigns, (holding for the time being Sham of the said Stock) in proportion to their respective Interefts.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Advantage shall be taken of any Forfeiture of any such Stock or ary Part thereof, until Notice of such Forfeiture in Writing dull hare

_____________ been	previously	given or left by some Officer of the said Company to

fciteH at General ot with the Owner or Owners of such Stock* or left ut his* her or Meeting. their ofnal or toll known Place of Abode* uor nolefs the fame /lull be declared to be forfeited at some General Meeting of the (aid Company* to be held within Six Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall happen to be made; and in case of such Forfeiture, the fame shall be an Indemnification to and for every Proprietor so forfeiting all his or her Stock, Part and IntCrcft as aforefofd sgiicft all and every A&ion or A&iona, Suits or Profecutions what&ercr * *	to	be commenced or prosecuted for any Breach of Contrad or other

Agreement betwixt such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, and the rest of the Proprietors with regard to carrying on the said Works. In case of Death,	XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any* Pcrfon or Perfons

fubfcribmg or holding any Stock of the said Company* fhafl die before such Call or Calls shall have been made for the full Sum to be advanced on the Sum or Sums so fubferibed, without having made Provifion by Will, or otherwise in Writing, how the Money (hail be

giid upon Calls for the future, then, and in every stich case, the xecutors or Adminiftrators of such Owner or Owners, lhafl be chargeable in iefpe& of such Calls as for the Debts of that Teftuor or Inteslate; and in case the Executors and Adminiftrators* or Per-fbn or Perfons entitled to the Perfonal Eftate* shall refuse or negk& for the Space of Three Calendar Months to answer such Calls and Payments, the said Company shall be at Liberty, and are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Perlon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Ag- , gregate or Sole, to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Stock of | iuen Owner or Owners so deceased, on Condition that be* (he or they so admitted* do and shall on or before such Admiffioa, pay to the Executors or Adminiftrators of such deceased Owner or Chnut* the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall hove been paid by fork Owner or Owners in his, her or their Lifetime, by virtue of any fuel | Call or Calls, or otherwise upon such Share or Shares of focb Stock, | or such ether Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for, | first dctJn&ing the Penalties that may have been incurred.	|

Sobfcrlhersmay XVH. And be it further ena&ed* That it shall and may beknrfbl j fell Share*. to and for the said several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, hi* her or their respective Executors and AdaaniftfittOH/to fdawdit |

I*	pofe

Executors, flee. xnfirerAtle for Calls.



AD'iSiz.

C. clxxr.

557

s i* GEO. in.

pofe of any Share or Share* to which he, (he or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rule* and Conditions herein mentioned ; the Conveyance of which Share* shall be in the Form following:

in Confideration Form of Tnx*. fer.

*	X of

4 pf

*	transfer to the f*id

paid to me by

do hereby bargain, fell, assign and the Sum of

*	Capital	Stock of and in the Eafl Country Docl,

c being part [or, the whole, as the cajt may be,] of my Share in the

*	Dock, To hold to the faid	Executor*,

*	Administrator* and Aflign*, subject to the fame Rules, Orders and ‘ Reftri&ions, and on the fame Condition* that I held the fame 9 immediately before the Execution hereof; and I the said G. D.

9 do hereby agree to take and accept the said Capital Stock or

*	Share of	fubie&	to	the	fame Rules#

1 Orders, Reftri&iona and Condition*, As Witnefs our Hands and 1 Seals the	Day	of	.*

And on every fuck Sale the said Deed of Conveyance (being executed Transfer kej*

by the Seller or Seller*, and the Purchafer and Purchafers of such Furchafor.

Share or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchafer or Purchafers

for his, her or their Security, after the Solicitor or Clerk or Clerks

to the said Company of Proprietor* shall have entered in a proper

Book or Book6, to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of fuch

Transfer and Sale for the Ufe of the said Company, and have teftified

or indorsed the Entry of such Memorial m the said Deed of Sale or

Trassfer, for which no more than Five Shillings shall be paid; and

the said Solicitor or Clerk or Clerks is and are hereby required to

make such Entry or Memorial accordingly ; and until Uich Memorial

shall have been made and entered as above dire&ed* such Purchafer

or Purchafers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the faid

Dock, r.or any Intereft for such Share or Shares paid to him, her or

them, nor any Vote m r*fpe6l thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors

pf the said Dock.

XVI11.	And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such NoPerCoot® Money shall have been made by such Committee as afcresaid, no fell after Cal!, Perfon or Perfons shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares, which till P1*1, he, f|ie or they shall pofiefs in the said Dock, on P*in of forfeiting his, her or their respective Share or Shares therein to the said Company of Proprietor*, in Trail for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unleft he, (he or they, at the time of such Sale and Transfer, ftaU have paid* and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transferred, such Forfeiture nevertheleft to be notified and' declared at a General or Special Aflembly in manner before djre&ed: Provided* always, that power to raise in case the (aid Company shall hedefirous-of railing the find Sum, not Twenty thou-excceding Twenty thopfand Pounds, by Mortgage of the kid Undfer- f*nd Pounds by taking, or shall at any time hereafter be-defirous of raifmg by such Mortgage. Mortgage a Sum* not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds- of the'

Capital Sum fubfcrib^fe, it Audi and may be Ifewful to- and foe the said Company U> borrow and* take up at littered all or any Pkrt of the said Sums on the Credit .of the Rate*, Tolls or Profits of the find

Docks,

C. clxxr.

AJJ.jJir.

SI*

5i#GEani.

Tbrm of Mart*

Not lo have Piel’erence.

Mortgage5 entered, And ufien to Inipe^tioifc

t

Mortgage*

oamfeftaMe,

Form- of Tramfer.

Docks, and to afiign the Property of the hud Docks, and the Rates and Profits anting or to arise to the said Company by or from the said Docks, or to mortgage any Part or Parts thereof (the Coils and Charges of affigmng the lame to be paid out of such Rates and Pro* fits as a Security to any Perfon or Perfons, or to his, her or their Traftee or Trustees who shall advance the fame,) all which said Alignments shall be made aud signed by Three or more of the Dire&ors of the said Company, and shall he in the Form or to the Effed following ; that is to fay.

4 D Y virtue	Wc,	the

4 Company of Proprietors of the East Country Dock Company, is 4 Confideration of the Sum of

4 to us in Hand paid by	of

4	do hereby bargain, fell and afiign to the faid

4	his Executors, Adminiflrator?

4 aud Afligns, the said Dock or Docks, and all and tingular the 4 Profits ariting therefrom, or payable to us by virtue 4	and all our Eslate, Right, Title and Interrii

4 of, and in and to the fame, To hold unto the said A. B. his Exe-4 cutors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, until the said Sura of 4	with the Intend! for the fame,

* after the Rate of	per	Centum	per Anwn,

4 shall be fully paid and fatisfied/

And all and every Perfon or Perfons to whom such Affign men t fiuD be made, shall be equally entitled, one with the other, to their Proportions of the said Rates, aud Profits and Purchases, according to the respective Sums in such Affignmcnts mentioned to be advaneed, without any Preference whatsoever; and the Date, Name or Names of Afiignees, with their Addition or Additions, the Sum of Money borrowed, and Rate of Intcreil, shall, within Twenty one Days from the Date of every such Alignment, be entered in One or more Book or Books, to he kept by the Clerk to the said Com parr, which Book or Books shall and may be infpeded at all reasonable times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Dock, and any other Perfon or Perfons interested therein, upon Payment for every such Iufpcction of the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pena; and the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Alignment shall be made as afore said, or who shall be entitled to the Money due thereon, shall and may from time to time transfer his, her or their Right or Intereft therein to any Perfon or Perfons by Writing under his, her or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, in the Form or to the Effed following; that is to fay.

4 T A. B. of

4 x in Confideration of the Sum of

4 paid by the said C. D. of	do	hereby

4 transfer <a certain Mortgage made by the Company of Proprietors 4 of the Eaji Country Docks,	bearing Date

€ the	Day of	for	fecurinj

4 the Sum of	and	all the Intereft

4 now due and to become due thereon, and all my Right and Property 4 therein, to the said C» D. his Executors, Aamioiftjaton and 4 Afligns, dated this	Day of

And

C. clx\i.

51° GEO. III.



And every such Transfer shall, within Seven Days after tue Date Transfer

thereof, be produced to the Solicitor or Clerk of the said Company, entered.

who shall cause a Memorial to be made thereof, for which the faid

Solicitor or Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no

more ; and every such Entry made of such Transfer shall from thence- Intereft -paid be*

forth veil all Intereft in the said Mortgage in the Afiignee or Affignees, fore Dividends.

his, her or their Executors, Admwtftrators and Afiigns; and the

Intereft of the Money which shall be borrowed or raised by Mortgage

as aforesaid, shall be provided for and paid to the several Perfons

entitled thereto, before any Intereft or Dividends due to the said.

Company of Proprietors or any of them shall be paid, made or divided.

XIX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no Perfon Mortgagees not shall be capable of voting by reason of any Mortgage or Aflignmcnt, to vote.

or auy Transfer of the fame, either as Principal or Proxy at any.

Aflembly or Meeting of the said Company, for or on account of his or her having lent or advauced any Money on the Credit of such Aflignment.

XX.	And be it further enabled. That no Pcrfon or Perfons, SuMcribers m* Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who may be Proprietor or ItaMebejvad \ Proprietors of any Shares of the said Company, shall be liable to his,

her or their Real or Perfonal Eftates being chargeable with any Debt or Demand whatsoever, due or to become due from the said Company, beyond the Extent of his, her or their Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to. the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That when the Docks and Works shall be completed for the Reception of Shipping, or as soon vi e after as a competent Judgment can be formed of the Profits which may accrue, the said Company shall, and they are hereby empowered

and dirc&ed to make and declare such Dividend or Dividends on the,

Stock of the said Company to be paid Yearly or Half yearly out of the Profits which (half accrue to the said Company, as may and shall be fettled and approved by a General Meeting of the said Company, to be from time to time called for the Purpofe of making and de daring Dividends.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall'and may be h»wful .Di.re^J^°^* for the said Directors or any Three or more of them to appoint a* I*0*01 1“ccr*\ ^ Solicitor, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Treasurer or Treafurers, Watchman or Watclimen, and

such other Officers and Servants as they shall find necessary for the Purpofes of this Adi, taking such Security or Securities for the faith* ful Execution of their respective Offices as the said Dire&ors, or any Thirc or more of them, shall from time to time think fit; and out of the Money to be raised by this Adt to pay or allow unto such Perfon or Perfons such Salaries, Allowances or Recompences yearly or otherwise, for their Time and Trouble, as to them shall, seem meet and reasonable, and from time to time to remove and suspend them, or any of them', and appoint others in their Stead, or in the Room of such as shall die or be removed, suspended or become incapable of performing their Office or Offices.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Company, or Power to make the major Part of them in General Court ‘Uflembled, shall and may Bye-bawi. make, ordain and constitute such and so many Bye-Laws, Con*

dilutions,

5Go

C. clxxi.

yi*GEO. HI.

AJXiSji.

I.imfmion of

lUflrtywg

Mtonk+>6u:.

ftitutions, RnW? tod Ordinances, as to them, or the major Put of them, so afiembieri as aforesaid fhail seem meet and convenient for ftie better governing, regulating, ordering and managing of the hid Company, and the Officers, Servants and Perfons employed on or to be employed in and about the Affairs of the said Company, aid to alter, change, reyoke, repeal or make void the fame from time to time, and as often as they or the major Part of them so assembled is aforesaid, shall judge necessary and expedient; provided that such Bye-Laws, Conllitution, Rules and Ordinances be printed, and be cot contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Cuftoms or Laws of that Pin of the United Kingdom called England, or to the Pravifions in ths Act contained; but no Order, Bye-Law, Conftitution, Rules or Ordinance so made fhail be good and valid, without being confirmed at a subsequent General Meeting of the said Compury, ordinary or extraordinary, to be held as hereinafter mentioned*

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That do Penalty Penalty in Bye- to be imposed by any Bye-Law, made, ordained and cooftkited

by Authority of this Aft, fhail exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXV.	And be it fmtber enacted. That if any Perfon or Phfoos fhail steal, take away, break, demolish or throw down any Lamp or Lamps, Lamp Irons or Polls, which the said Company shall or ray fet up near, unto and about the (aid Dock or Docks and other Works, or any of the Premifes belonging to the said Company, or shall wilfully extinguish the Lights within the fame Lamp or Lanms, or damage the Iron or other Furniture thereof, it fhail be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons who shall fee fuck Offence committed, and aHo for airy other Perfons to sffist, when catted upon, to and the Offender or Offenders by Authority of thisAft, and, without any other Warrant, to convey him, her or them into the Cuftody of a Pace Officer, m order' to he conveyed before a Joffice or Jnfoces of the Peace for the Counties of Kent or Sarrey ; and that such Jufitce or Jtrflices fhail proceed to examine upon Oath arty Witoefs or Witsefles who fhail appear to give any Information toothing fhefa Oflesce (which Oath the (aid Jufficc or Juflices is or are hereby authorized and required to admintiter), and that if the Parry cr Parties actofed shall be conviftcd of such Offence, either by Confeffioo or by the Tettimony of any crredibfc Witness or Witneffes as aforesaid, he, he or they fhail forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Stuffings for each Lamp, Lamp Iron or Poft, or other Furniture so broke, thrown down* or damaged, or for every Light exthrguHhed, and morcore shall mcke full Sacisfaft vou to the laid Dtrcftrarg, or to such Perfoa as- they shall appofot to receive the fame for thr Damage so done; aid that itv calc such Offender or Offender* fhafo notv <*» Convidioo, pay the Idrfertmre affcffcd, and moke Sotasfaftwu ate. aforesaid, foci JViffice or Juftim is or are hereby required' so commit biza, her at them to the Houfc of Corseftfoa for any tine nos exceeding Two Cafendar Mrertiis%

XXVI.	And be hr ftxrrfcereiicrftedy That fotollasd. may be forfo fat the foid Dm-ftors* or any Three at more of t*heu^ and they an hereby authorised and required! from time to time,, as Oocafiou fhafl require, to nominate and appoint » proper Ptdmt or Perioni to ^ Soperiwtrenfonc Dock Motile* or Dock Wafer* mid torer***, fuf-pend or dismiss she fame, which said Superkundant Dock Maker or Duck Makers (kail hove full* Puwei and* AmhoWiy to d*e& the

mooringj

Penalty.

Imprifonment.

Dock Matter.

C.ctat

51* GEO. in.

$6i

Mooring, tinmooring, moving and removing of all Ships, and Veffels,

Ligliters, and Craft coming into, lying or Ming in the said Dock or Docks, or aifcy of them, either as to the time or timfes and th£ manner of their Entrahce info, lying or going out of the fame, and their Po-fitions, loading and dilcharging therein, and the time or times of opening and fnutting the several Gates thereof \' and In case the Owner, Matter, Pilot, Servant or other Perfon having the Care of any Ship or VefTel, shall refuse or aegleft to moor, unmoor, move of remove the fame according to such Dire&ion within Three Hours after Notice to him or them given in Writing, or left with some Perfon or Perfons on* board the said Ship or Veil'd for that Purpose, then it shall be lawful for the said Dock Matter or Dock Matters, or his of their Affiftants, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, move or remove such Ship or Veffel, and tne Charges'and Ezpences thereof refoe&ively shall be paid, together witn a Suih riot exceeding Ten rounds for each Offence, by the Owner or Penalty. •* * Owners of such Ship or Veffel, and may be recovered by the said Company of the Owner of fucH Ship or Veffel in case of Nonpayment thereof,*on Demand, by fnch ways and means as Penalties and1 forfeitures are by this A6t to be recovered; and in case any Matter, Commander, Mate, Pilot or other Perfon or Perfons whomfoeve'r, ihali obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of any Ship or Veffel, such Perfbn or Perfons shall, for every such Offence*, forfeit a Sura not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied Penalty, as hereinafter declared

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That as soon as the No Ship to lit said intended Dock or Docks are so far completed as to admit Shipsf within Ont lum-Veffels or Craft to enter therein, no Ship or other Veffel or VeiTelp JredYanl. of shall lie within the Diftance of One hundred Yards of the Entrances £nlriuce*

of the said Docks, unless it is for the Purpofe of coming in or going out of the Dock, so that at all times the Entrance may be kept clear and without Obftruttion ; and over this Space the Dock Mattel* (Hall have Controul, so for as relates to the placing or transporting Ships or Vcffels coming in or going out of the Dock.

XXVIII.	And, for the better making and preserving a free and Ships lying clear Paffage and Entrance from the River Thames into and out of acrol^&c. the said Docks fot all Ships, Vefleis, Ligliters; Barges and* Boats

of every Description, be it further enacted. That no Ship, Veffel,

Ligliter, Barge, Craft or Boat of any Description whatsoever, shall lie across, in, or in any way obftru6t any oPthe Entrances or Paffages into or from any of the laid Docks; Bafons or Cuts, except onl)1 such Ships, Veffels, Ligliters, Barges, Crafts and Boats of whatsoever Defcription as shall have come out of or are intended to go into the said Dock, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for Penalty, every such Offence.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Provifob herein contained shall extend to prohibit any Ship or Veffel lying at

or alongside of the Wharfs and Premifes to the Bouth Side of the said Docks Or Bafons, in Rich manner as such Ship or Veffel before the palling of this A& by Law might have done.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it enacted, Th&t no Slip or Slips, Graving Dodo, Dry Docks, Graving Dock Way or bthir Place for the building^

hearing down oV repairing of Ships or other Veffels, shall at any time hereafter be made of milt, or permitted or ftfffcted tb be Jriacfe 51 Gao. HI.	O o	or

C. dx

5**

510 GEO. UL	AJXiSu,

Combuftible A letter remaining ui thePtc-mulex

Penalty*

Removing WreeJts, &<•

or bulk, within the Walk surrounding any of the hud Docks hereby authorized to be made, or of the Bafons or Entrances which ihatt belong thereto; nor shall any Communication at an j time hereafter be made into the said EaJl Country Dock, or to any of the Bafoni or Entrances which may belong thereto, from any Wet Dock, Slip or 'Slips, Dry Docks, Graving Dock Wqy or other Place for the building, heaving down or repairing of Ships or other Vefiels which may hereafter be adjoining to the said Eajk Country Docks, or to any of the Baibas or Entrances which may belong thereto; nor IhaQ the laid Eqfi Country Dock Company at any time or times hereafter carry on or be otherwise concerned m the Trade or Bufiorfs of building or repairing the Hulk or Malls of Ships or Vefiels for Hire or Profit.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That no Tar, Pitch, Rods, Hemp, Flax, Faggots^ Furze, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquor?, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Greale. Shavings o f Wood or combuttible or inflammable Matter whatsoever of any Kind, IhaH be Suffered to be or remain on the Quays or Wharfs aforefiid, or any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship or other Vcflel in the laid Baton or Docks, Cuts or other Works, or any of them, above the Space of Twelve Hours after palling the Cuftoa House Offices i and that in case such Goods, Merchandize or Things cannot be conveniently removed therefrom by Day-light, that then sod in every fitch case, the Owner or Owners of Such Goods, Merchandize or Things respectively, if on the Quays or Wharfs, or the Commander, Matter or Mate, if on board of any Ship or Veffel, shall be obliged, and are hereby required to Set and maintain at their own Expence a Sufficient Number of Sober Perfons to guard and watch over the Same, for Such and So many Hours, according to tht Seafon of the Year, as the Said Superintendant Dock Matter or Dock Matters, or his or their Affiftants, shall direct or appoint; and in case the Owner or Owners of Such Good?, Merchandize or other Things, or the Commanders, Matter or Mate of any Ship or other Vefiels shall make Default herein by neglecting the fame, then and in that case the Said Superiutendant Dock Mailer or Dock Matters, or his or their Affittants, shall Set and appoint Such Sufficient Number of careful Perfons as may be requisite to watch and guard over the fame, at the Expence of the (aid Owner or Owners of Such Goods or Ship or Ships; and every Such Perfon shall forfeit and pay for every Such Offence a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, ex-clufive of the full Charges of watching and attending the fame.

XXXII* Be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Dire&ors, or any Three or more of them, their Agents, Servants or Workmen, as often as Occafion shall require, well and sufficiently to cleanse, Scour, open, deepen, widen or cut through and take away any Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil or Rubbifh in the (aid intended Works and Entrances to the Said Docks, Bafons or Cuts, in Such manner as the Said Dire&ort, or any Three or more of them, or any Perfon appointed by them for that Purpose, shall think proper for tne Security, Entrance and Accommodation of Shipping in the Same; and also to remove and take away any Wrecks of Ships or Vefiels, dr any Ship or Veffel that shall be funk therein, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors or other Obttru&ions, or other Impediments of the like nature that may be found or arise therein; awl in

51® GEO. III.

C.clsxi.



case the Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vcflel, or other Ob-ftru&ions so to be removed, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Charge of removing the fame for the Space of Seven Days after Demand • thereof made by any Officer of the said Company, then the Owner or Owners of any such Wrecks, or Ships or Veffels, or any Ship or Vcflel that shall be funk therein, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors or other Obftruftions or Impediments of the like nature, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to the said Company, exclusive of the Expcnces incurred by removing the feme, a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds ; Penalty, and the fame shall be recovered and applied in such manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by tjiis Aft directed to be recovered and applied.

XXXIII; And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Nuiftnces in Perfons whomsoever shall throw, caff or put any Ballad, Earth, i)ock**

Dud, A(hes. Stones or other Things into or upon any of the Works to be made in pursuance of this Aft to the Prejudice thereof, or do any other Annoyance to the feme or any Part thereof, and Com* plaint be made thereof, upon Oath, by any of the said Dircftors or their Clerk, or other Officer, or any other Perfon, the fame shall be examined into and determined by One or more of His Majefly’s Juffices of the Peace for the County of Kent or Surrey; ana they are hereby authorized to impose upon the Offender or Offenders

iother than and except is hereinafter mentioned) such Fine or rines, not exceeding Twenty Pounds for such Offence, as they the Penalty, said Justices shall think reasonable; and in case any Owner or Owners, Madcr or Commander, Seaman or Servant of or belonging to any Ship or other Veffel, shall be'guflty of any of the said Offences, upon Proof thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes before any of the said Justices, the Perfon or Perfons so offending shall for such Offence forfeit to the said Company a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and in case of Non-payment of Penalty, such last mentioned Twenty Pounds for the Space of Three Days after the feme shall be demanded, it shall be lawful for such Judices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the fame, together with the Cods and Charges incident thereto, by Didrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Owner, Matter or Commander,

Seaman or Servant or other Perfon or Perfons so offending, or the Tackle, Apparel or Furniture of or belonging to such Ship or Veffel, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Perfon whofc Goods or other Things shall be so distrained; and if sufficient Didrefs cannot be found, then it shall be lawful for such Judices, by Warrant under their Hand and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Imprifonment. Labour for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Mouths, unlefe sooner discharged.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Perfon Deftmying or Perfons whomsoever shall wilfully or maliciously cut or break, Rop#*. or in any manner destroy any Rope or other Thing, by which any Ship or other Veffel lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bafon or Bafons, or Cuts, shall be moored or fadened, such Perfon or Per-^ fons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained Penalty, shall hinder 'or restrain the Dock Mader or Dock Maders to be appointed in purfnance of this Aft, or \m or their Affiftant or

0 o 2	Affiftants,

jr*4

AfcWenfs by Fire.

Penalty.

Aoilinc. &c. Comhuttible Mailer.

Penalty.

Miners and Commanders of Ship* answerable i«r Damage.

flcivant* liable to Penalty, dec.

C. clxxi.	51# GEO. IIL	A.D.181	i.

Affislants, from exercising in a due and reasonable manner any of the Powers or Authorities hereby veiled in them.

XXXV.	And, for preventing Accidents by Fire in the (aid Docks or Bafons, or Cuts or other Works, be it further enacted, That no Perfon whomsoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any Fire, Candle or Lamp lighted on board any Ship or other Vcflcl within the fame at any time or times whatsoever, bet ween, the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenth fifth Day of March in every Year, after the Hour of Nine in the Evening, or before the Hour of Eight in the Morning, nor at any time or times whatsoever between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Twenty ninth Day of Sff tcmlcr in every Year after the Hour of Nine of the Clock in the Evening, or before the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Morning, under Pui.i of forfeiting ibr every Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled, That no Pitch, Tar, Ron?, Turpentine, Oil or other cumbudible or inAammable Matter (hallst any time hereafter be boiled or heated on board any Ship or other Veil'd, Ligliter, Craft or Boat lying in the said Dock or Doc~f, Bafon or Bafons, or Cuts or other Works, or any of them, nor in auy Place or Places within the said Docks, Premifes or Cuts, except in such Place or Places, and in such manner as shall be appointed by the said Dire&ors or any Three or more of them, or by tueir knows Agents, for that Purpole; nor shall any Gunpowder or loaded Gu# whatever be brought mto the (aid Docks, Batons or Cuts, or be (offered to remain on board any Ship or any other Vcflel, upon Pain that every such Mailer, Commander or Owner of any Ship or Vcfid, or other Purfons so offending in manner as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every fnch Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXVII.	And be it furtlier eluded. That the Mailer or Owner of every Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Veffd shall be, and is hereby made answerable for any Damage, Spoil or Mifchief that tba'l be done by any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vcflcl, oc any of the Boatmen, Watermen or outers belonging to or employed in or About the fame, unto the Docks, Bafons, Cuts, or auy of the Bridge:, Locks, Dams, Engines or other Works, in, upon or belonging to the said Docks, Cuts and Bafons or any of them, nr any of the Trenches, Sluices and Paflages to be made as aforesaid, or by loading or unloading any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Veflel, or for any Trefpals or Damage that shall or may be done to the Ownerj or Occupiers of any Buildings, Erections, Mills, Dams, Gauges, Weirs, Lands or Tenements adjoining or lying near the fame or auy of their., by leaving open the Gates or otherwise, or for any other Trefpafi whatsoever; and the said Mailer or Owner of any such Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other VelTel may be sued and prosecuted for the fame in any Court of Reeord ; and if a Verdict or Judgment shall be given again ft him, either on Proof made, or by Default, or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff in any such case shall recover his Damage* thereby sustained, with full Cods of Suit; and in case the Mailer c: Owner of any such Ship, Boat, Lighter or other Veffel as afondaidt shall be compelled to pay any Peualty, or to make Satisfadion for any Damage or Trefpals, by reason of any wilful A& or Default done or committed by his Servant or Servants, every such Servant or .Servants shall be liable to pay such Penalty, or the Money paid for

A.D.i$ii.	51*	GEO.	Ill-	C.clxxi.

any such Damage or Trefpass, to such Mafter or Owner, and in case of Nonpayment thereof, on Demand, the fame shall be recovered bv such Mailer or Owner in like maimer as any Penalty is hereinafter directed to be recovered.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That not with Handing any thing contained in an Aft of Parliament made and passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled. An Art to explain so much nf an Act made in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Ad for the encouraging and in-creajing of Shipping and Navigation, as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other His Majejly's Dominions, of (>oods and Com-modifies of the Growth or Produff ion of Africa, Afia or America, •which are manufactured in foreign Parts ; for preventing Majlcrs of Ships removing their Veffels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods arc difcharged* or their Vejftls are cleared by the proper Officers inwards cr outwards ; and for allowing the Officers of the Cnfloms and Exeife to male use of Lightt on board Ships tn the Haven, dock or Bafon at the Port of King lion upon Hull; it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or VefTel laden with Timber or Wood only, or Timber or Wood as the principal Part of the Cargo* and not bound by Law to enter any particular Dock, to enter and go into the said Wet Docks or Bafons: Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained shall extend to authorife' the loading or unloacting, or to alter or vary the Right or Praftice, if any, of loading or unloading Goods from the said Ship or Veflel in the said Dock or Bafon ; but the fame Right or Praftice, if any, Ihall remain, continue and be fuhjeft to all such Conftraint, Reftriftion and Limitation, as it wonkl have been if this Aft had not passed.

* XXXIX. Aud whereas it is expedient that the Trade and Bufi* iiefs of the Inhabitants of the Parilh of9 Rotherbtthe should be interrupted as little as may be ;* Be it therefore enacted, That the said Dock Company shall conftrust, make and keep Two Platform' Bridges, with proper and safe Rails or Chains over thd Cut od Sluice made, or to be made, for connecting the said Docks with the River Thames, and that One of such Platform Bridges shall be (hut for the Ufe of Paflengen, unless in cases where it shall be necessary to* keep ppen both the said Bridges.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Company fhalF and may likewise cause to be made and provided, altered or varied, such Sluices, Bridges, Footways, Paths, Ways or Roads, on, in or leading to the said Dock or Docks, or other Works, as they (half from time to time judge necessary, for the more convenient Ufe thereof, and of the Wharfs and other Works appertaining thereto.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors to make any Bridge over or upon, or to turn, divert or alter any of the Turnpike Roads under the Care and Confervation of the Tru flees appointed or to be appointed for putting into £xccution an Aft of Parliament, made and passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Aff for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of several Ads of Parliament, for making a Road from New Street Southwark, to the Places therein mentioned, and from Freefchool Street Southwark, to Dockhead and Lilliput Hall Bridge, in Bev*

O o 3	Uiondfcy,

565

VffJels laden with Timber may unload in Docks.

icy 0.3. C. 4$-

Provifo.

Platform Bridge far Rotherhithe.

Bridges, ire.

Turnpike Road* not to be inter, meddled with, without Content of Trufteec*

43 G-.V

C. CXXliia

C.clxxi,

5i*GE0. III.

A.D.1811

Commiflionen of Sc weii.

Sitting Fire to Prtnui'e*.

Punilhment.

No Direftor or his Piittivr to

mondfrv, and from the Stone’s End in Kent Street Southwark, tm Dartford, so far as refpcHs the Road leading from the Stone’s End im Bermondsey Street towards Saint Thomas a Waterings, and also far repairing and maintaining a certain Lane, called Long Lane, tfe the Parijh of Bermondsey in the County of Surrey, or any of the Afts therein mentioned or recited, without the Content and Approbation of the said Truflees assembled at two fuccvffive General Meetings made and given.

XL1I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hail extend or be conitrued to extend to in. fringe upon the Rights, Powers and Authorities of the Commif-fioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Mould fey, In the County of Surrey, to Ravcnjborne in^the County of Kent,

XLIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons shall knowingly, wilfully or maliciously demolish, break down, cut down or destroy any of the Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Ship or Veftel, Barge, Lighter or Craft, or Goods and Merchandize therein lying in the said Dock, Cuts, Bafon or Bafons, then every such Offender or Offenders, being convicted thereof, shall suffer Punilhment by Fine, lmprifonmcot or Tranfportation for a Term not exceeding Seven Years, at the Difcretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

XLIV. And be it further euacted, That no Direftor nor any

.........._	Perfon in any manner connected in Bufiuefe as Partner wkh fuch

fuppiy eny Mm Direftor, shall hold any Contraft or enjoy any Place of Profit created texuls.	by t^ig ^ft, or beneficially emploved, or m any manner interefted

or concerned, directly or indirectly, in supplying any Article or Materials for the Ufeof the said Company ; and in case any Direftor shall hold any Contract, or enjoy any Place of Profit created by this Aft, or shall be in any manner beneficially employed or concerned, directly or indirectly, in supplying any Articles or Materials for the Ufe of the said Company, every such Direftor shall forfeit and par a Sum nor exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with full Colls of Suit, to any Perfon or Perlons who shall sue for the fame, to he recovered in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Weflminjler> by Aftion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint or Informatios, wherein no Effoign, Proteftion or Wager of Law, or more than Qne Imparlance (nail be allowed ; and One Moiety of such Penalty when recovered, shall be paid to the Perfon or Perlons who shall foe fot the fame, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Company, to be applied to the Purpofes of tnis Aft; and the Perfon or Perfoos so convisted, shall be absolutely disqualified from acting any longer as a Direftor or Direftor* of the said Company; and no Direftor interfiled in any such Contract, Matter or Thing as aforesaid, shall vote in any Queftion touching or concerning the lamer XLV. And be it further enacted, That, in consideration of the great Charges and Expences which the making, building, erafting and providing such Dock or Docks, Quays and Wharfs, Sluices, Bridges, Road* and other Works, and the supporting and maintaining, and keeping the fame in repair,' for the future, there shall be payable and paid to the said Company, or to their Colleftprs or De-

E; for thehr Ufe, for every Ship or Veffel in entering into the said 3 or Cuts, or any or either of them, by the Mafter or Commander,

Owner

Penalty. *

Rates.

A.D.1811.	yx#GEO.	Ill#	C. clxxi.	$67

Owner or Owners of every filch Ship or other VefTel, the several Rates or Duties according to the Tonnage of the said Ship or VefTel, hereinafter particularly rated and described in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (A1; and the Mailer or other Perfon having the Command of each and every such Ship or VefTel it hereby re. quired to produce such Certificate of Regiflry at the time of Payment ‘ of the faia Rates to the Dock Mailer or other Officer appointed to ’ receive the fame.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted. That Lighters and Pnmfofnr Craft entering into the Docks or Bafons to discharge or receive lighten wkk Ballad or Goods to or from on board any Ships, fhau be exempted B*UafL from any Rates or Duties, such Goods paying Dues as in other, cases.

XLVII. And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties imposed Power to compel hy this Ad may be more effectually collected and levied, be it fur-P»Tmentaf tner eroded. That in case any Owner or Owners, or Mafter or other Rale*

Perfon a having the Charge or Concern of any Ship or other VefTel

charged or chargeable with any of the Rates or Duties grauted by

this Ad, ffiall refuse or neglect to pay the fame, then, and in every

such case, it shall from time to time be lawful for the CoBedor or

Colledors, to be duly appointed in pursuance of this Ad, to go on

board such Ship or other VefTel, to demand, collect and receive the

said Rates and Duties, and on Nonpayment thereof to take and dif-

train such Ship or other VefTel, and all her Tackle, Apparel and

Furniture belonging thereto or any Part thereof, and the fame to

detain until the respective Rates or Duties shall be satisfied and paid ;

and in case of any Negled or Default m Payment of the said Kates

and Duties for the Space of Five Days after any Diftrefs or Diftrefles	.	.	-

so made or taken, that then it shall be lawful for the said Colledor

or Colledors to cause the fame to be appraised by One or more

Sworn Appraifers, or other fofficient Perrons not interested therein,

and afterwards to fell the said Diflrefs or DiftrefTes, and therewith

to (atisfy himself or themselves, as well for and in respect of Rates or

Duties (o neglected or refused to be paid, and for which such Diflrefs

or DiftrefTes shall have been made or taken as aforesaid, as for and in

refped of his or their reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraifing

and felling the fame, renderingthe Overplus (if any tnerc bej to the

Mafter, Commander, Owner or Owners of such Ship or VefTel upon	.	,

Demand.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Matter, Owner eiyjjnj or Owners, or other Perfon or Perfons having the Charge or Com- Payment of mand of any Ship or other VefTel, shall by any means whatsoever at Rates to con~ any time or times elude or evade the Payment of the Rates and Duties tinue chargeable, hereby made payable or any Part thereof, each and every Perfon eluding or evading Payment as aforesaid shall (land charged with and be liable to the Payment of the* fame ; and such Rates and Duties shall and may be recovered from such Mafter or Owner or Owners respectively, by the fame ways and means, and in such manner as are hereinafter deferibed for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Ad inflidea or authorized to be imposed. '

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Superintendanf Rent paid by Pock Mafter or Dock Matters shall, and \ they arc hereby authorized VefleU directed, upon giving Twenty four Hours pixviou's Notice in f [Sic Orig. Aa.~\

O o 4	Writing

5 <58

C. clxxi.

5i»GEO.in.

AJXtSn.

Dock Mafter to order out useless Ship*.

Penalty.

DiArc£k

Provifo far Rights of Com* mercial Dock Company.

Saving Power to

t om mercial Dock Company, j© G 3. c.ccviL

Writing to the Owners or Mailers thereof, or other Perfon having the Care of such Ship or VeiTel reipedively, to order out light Ships and such as are unfit for Service, whenever the fame shall incumber the said Bafon or Dock, Bafons or Docks, or any of them, or impede the Bufinefs thereof; and that all and every such Mailer or Mailers, or Owner or Owners of any Ship or VeiTel who shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Order, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Refufal or Negled * aad in case of Negled or Refufal, the Dock Mafter or Dock Makers, His or their Afiiftant or Afliftants, may remove or cause to be removed all such Veflels out of the faia Docks and Bafons, or Cuts, or any of them, and lay or moor the fame in any Part of the River Thames within High Water MarkJ as conveniently as may be ; and that after Demand of Payment fballhave been made by such Dock Mailer or Dock Mailers, Afliftant or Afliftants, to the Owner or Owners, Mailers, Commanders or Agents of such Ship or Ships, or other VeiTel or VcfTcls, of the Charges of removing and mooring the said Ships or other Vefleis, (fuch Charges and £xpences being firil allowed by the said Diredprs or any Three or more of them} and Upon Negled or Refufal to pay such Charges so allowed as afore kid for the Space of Two Days, it ihall be lawful for the said Dock Mailer or Afliftants to diilrain and fell such Ship or VeiTel, or apy of her Tackle, Apparel or Furniture, or any Part thereof, for Payment pf such Charges and Expences of removing and mooring as afore «r said, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Charges of taking, keeping and felling of such Distress,to the Owner or Owners, Mailey or Mailers, Fador and Agents of or for such Ship or Vefiel, upon the fame being demanded.

L. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That nothing In this Aft contained (nail authorize the said Company to make any Alteration in any Sluice, Bridge, Footway, Road, Way or faflage that runs into or across, leads to or communicates with the Hrredita* ments and Premifes of or belonging to the Commercial Dock Company, unless with the Confent pf the iTiredors of such Company, or the Majority of them for the time being, except such Part of any such Sluice, Bridge, Footpath, Street, Road, Path or Way as nun through and along the Premifes belonging to the East Country Dock Company.

LI. Provided always, an4 be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained ihall be construed in any way to reftrid, Ham or interfere with the Authorities or Powers given and granted to the Commercial Dock Company in and by an Ad of the Fiftieth Year of King George the Third, intituled, Jin Ad for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehoufcs called The Commercial Dopks, and

for making and maintaining other Docks and Warehoufcs to co cate therewith, all in the Pari/h of Saint Mary Rotherbithe, u the County of Surrey ; with respect to the keeping clear the Entrance of the said pocks from Obftrudions, and to the Controul of the Dock Mafter to place and transport Ships and Veflels coming in and going out of the Commercial Docks, it being hereby, declared that nothing in this A£t contained is intended to prevent the said Commensal Doc| Company frpm e^ercifmg all the Rights and Powers given and created by tne said Ad, according to the full Effed and Meaning of this Ad ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife

HOlwithftapding.

LIL Pro-

12



5.1* GEO. ID.

C- clxxi.

S«J

LI I. Provided also, and it ie hereby enabled and declared, That Provifofor nothing in this A£fc contained shall extend or be construed to extend £«***ot,,Tr to prejudice or affect the Rights of the West India Dock Company* ^ eflablifted by an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present ™

Majcfty’s Reign, intituled. An A3 for rendering more commodious and better regulating the Port of London j or of the London Dock Com-, ferny t eiiab lifted by an Ad made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth 39*4oC.$.

Year of His prelect Majesty, intituled. An A3 for making Wet c* adv“>

Docks, Bafons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation

and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of

London; or of the Eafl India Dock Company, eflablifted by an Ad

made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An 43 G.3. coenfc

At3 for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making

Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Accommodation of Eajt

India Shipping in the said Port•

LIlL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in For Rights «f this Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to prevent Fellow ship . gr hinder the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of ter*

London, or their Deputies, Meters or pellowftip Porters (otherwife Billingfgate Porters) from exercising and enjoying within the said Wet Docks, and other Works already made, or to be made by virtue, of this Ad; the Right of Meafuragc and Porterage of aty Coal,

Com, Qraip and Seed of what Kind soever, and of all Salt and Fruit, and of all other Merchandizes measurable or to be measured at the Rate? and Prices as regulated and fettled or $0 be regulated and fettled by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London. in Common Council assembled, in such and (he fame manner in every respect as they now and heretofore have enjoyed such Right of,

Meafurjage and Porterage in any Part of the Port of London.

LIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That For Right* c€ nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend M-jefty and or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Ipterests, Privileges, Fian-.citI^r™^ phifes or Authority of the King’s	v	hi» Heirs or Succeflbr^ *f ^ Ttwm

pr of the Mayor ai)d Compn^alty of the Citizens of the City of and Medway. London, or their Succe/Torf, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time hying, or to prohibit, defeat alter or diminift any Power, or Authority or Jurifdiction, which it the .time of making this Ad.

His Majesty, or the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of .the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the laid City for the time b.eing, as Confervator of the River Thames and Waters of Medway, did or might lawfully claim, use or exercise $ and further, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor of the (aid City for the time, being, in like manner as he hath used legally to do in other Cases, to. inquire of, hear and determine by Prefentment or Indidmeftt ta^en before him as Confervator of the laid River and Water** all Offence? contrary to this Ad, or such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations as shall be made as aforesaid; and upon Convidiou of the Offender or Offenders, to impose a Penalty or Penalties on him, her or them, not exceeding the Penalty or Penalties hereby iuflided in ?nd by the said Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations for such Offence or Offences; but no Perfon shall be punifted Twice for One and the fame Offence.

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Provifo to9 (his Ad contained shall extendi oy be counted (o extend to pro- Mayor an.t ^

hlbit»

A.D.r5u.

S70

TrAvifo f't Rights of Trinity Houle.

Penalties recovered after V&nc«.

Justices may gum Warrant.

Pcraltie* <&-firaiued for..

Application ct Peaakks.

Offenders may be committed.

PlVmtiff not to re> over witheut Notice, or after Tender of Amends*'

€. thxi.

5V GEO. HL

hibit, defeat, a her or dimmHTi any Pbwer, Authority or JurifdiAion, which, at the time of making this A A, th*Mayer or Commonalty, or Citizens of tire City of London* or the Lord Mayor of the laid City for the time being, or his Deputy, to the Exercife of gnagjmg -all Wines, OiV, Honey and other gaugeable Merchandize imported or brought into the said Wet Docks already made or to be made by virtue of tliis Aft, by the River of Thames, or to be exported therefrom, nor to prejudice or derogate from any other the Rights, Pri-Alieges, Liberties, Tolls, Cuftoms, Dues, Duties and Commodities of the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London ; but that the said Mayor for the time being or his Deputy, fell exercise and enjoy the Rights of gauging within the said Wet Docks already made or to he made as aforesaid upon the Banks Wharfs Quays, and in the Warehoufes thereto belonging, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if this Aft had not bees made

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or he confirmed to extend to prejudice or derogate from any of the Rights or Privileges of the Mafter, Warden and Affiftauts of the Trinity Houfe* Deptford Strond. ’

LVIL And be it further enacted, That aQ Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures infiifted by this Aft, or by any Rule or. Bye-Law which fell hereafter be made m purfnance of this Aft, may be levied and recovered within Twelve Months after the Offence or Offences committed before any Juftice or Justices of the Pfcace for the Counties of Kent and Surrey ; and fueh Juftice or Justices is arid are hereby empowered and required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders, at the Time and Place in such Warrant specified ; and ia case of Nonpayment thereof, on Conviftion of the Offenders reflectively on his, her or their Confefion, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witnefs or WhnefTes, examined on Oath (which Oath the said Juftice or Justices is or are hereby required and empowered to adminifter), shall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand or f Seal or Hands or f Seals of such Jnffice or Justices ; and all Fines and Forfeitures, when recovered, (haU go and be applied. One half to him who will sue or inform, and the other Half to the Ufe of the said Company, to be paid into the Hands of their Trea-surer; and for want of sufficient Distress, or in case the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for fnch Juftice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal dr Hands and Seals, to commit any such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Coirection, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless Rich Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recoveiy thereof, (hill be sooner paid.	+ Orig. Ad-J

LVI 11. Provided always, and he it enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover m any Aftion to be commenced against any Perfbn or Perfons for any thing done in pursuance of tliis Aft, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Thirty Days before such Aftion shall be commeneed, of

13.

A.Q.igjn	5i6GEO.	l\L	C.clyxn	171

such intended Adion, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Caufe of such Action ; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, recover in such Adion. if tender of good and sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her or them, or to hi*, her or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Adion brought, nor if such Tender or Amends shall be made at any time after the said Adion brought, and before the Trial thereof, together with Cofts of Suit to the time of such last men*, tioned Tender ; but on Proof of such Tender on any Trial to be had in such Adion, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall suffer Judgment as in cases of Non-fuit, with Treble Cofts, to be recovered in the fame manner as any Defendant or Defendants may recover Cofts in any other case by Law; or in case no such Tender shall have been made* it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Adion, by Leave of the Court where such Adtion Ihall depend, at any time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as hie, (he or they shall think (it, whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall be had, made and given in and by such Court as in other Adtions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court,

LIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Diftrefs shall be DHt-eft not unmade for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this **

Adi, the Diftrefs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the >,B i?orm*

Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffcr or Ttrf-.

Siffers, on account of any Defed or want of Form in the Summons, onvidion, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a TreTpafler or Trefpaffers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggneved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfadtion for the Special Damage in an Adtion upon the Cafe.

| LX. And, for the more easy and speedy Convidtion of Offenders again ft this Ad, be it further enacted, That every Juftice of the Peace before whom any Perfon shall be couvidcd of any Offence against this Ad, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form: viz.

• TX E it remembered, that on the	Day	of	Fonn of Cen-

4 in the Year of our Lord	vktion.

4 A. B• is convicted before me C. V. One of His Majesty’s Juftice*

4 of the Peace for the County of	[fPectfying the

4 Offencey and the Time and Place% as the case may be~] contrary to 4 an Ad of Parliament pa fled in the +	Year	of	the	Reign

4 of King Ctarge the Third, intituled, f	f [$,v Orfcjia.]

4	Given	under my Hand and Seal, the

4 Day and Year first mentioned.’

LXI. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons p*rf n shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Order or by Bvr-Lw to Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye-Law or appeal.

Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or by any Order, Judgment or Determination of any Juftice or Jufticcs of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Ad mentioned or contained, then, and in such Cafe, he, (he or they may, within Twelve Calendar

Months

57*

£. clxxL

AD.iSii.

Motkft

Certiorari.

Lfimtation of A&aas.

General Iflbe.

Treble Colts. Public Aft

ji* GEO. in.

Months next after the Caufe of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Juftkes of the Peace at the General Quarter-SefBons to be hdden in and for the County in which the Caufe of Appeal shal arise (firft giving Three Months Notice of such Appeal to the Perfon or Perfons appealed against, and of the Nature thereof, and within Seven DayB after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Juflice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon) ; and the said Juftkes *ihaU, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, either hear and determine the said Appeal at fudh General Quarter-Seffions, or if they think proper, may adjourn the hearing thereof until the next General Quarter-Seffions of the Peace to be holden for such County ; and the said justices may, if they fee cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, ana may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-Law, Order or Determination, and may also otder and award uich further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable ; but no Proceedings to be Sad and taken in pursuance of this Aft shall be qtiafhed or vacated ibr want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or by any other Writ or Procef8 whatsoever, into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Weflminfler, or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary uot-withftanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Aftion or Suit shall be brought or commeuced against any Perfow or Perfons, Bodvs Politic or Corporate, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Three Months next after the Faft committed, or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then within Three Months next after the doing or committing such Damages shall have ceased, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter, or-Difpute or Caufe shall arise, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Aftion or Suit shall and may plead tin? General I flue, and give this Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence in any Trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Aft; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Aftion or Suit shall be brought after the time so limited for bringing the fame, or in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, the Jury (nail find for the Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nousuited, or suffer a Difcontinuance of his, her or their Aftion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdift shall pass against the Plaintiff or PLua-tiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given, against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cofts, and shall have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath for Cofts of Suit in other Cafes of Law.

LXIII. And be it further enacted. That this Aft shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being (po» daily pleaded.

The

A.D.iBt r.

5f GEO. in.

C. chcxL

577

The SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers:

SCHEDULE (A.)

Per Rchiller Tou.

Dockageon Laden Ships, with “ \ Permiffion of laying Six '* Weeks

Aftetf that time, if remaining’ [ with a Cargo on board,per * Week	-	,

Or if remaining without a* Cargo on board, per Week * Ships coming in light for the* first Six Weeks	*

And if exceeding that time,’ bet Week -All Rigged Veflels coming to’

: load Goods in the Dock _

All Ships to pay fcr docking	ic/. 6J.

And for undocking 10/. 6d.

Ligliters, Barges and Small Craft to pase without Charge.

Wharfage of Oak and other? heavy Timber per Load -V *

Wharfage of Oak and other / heavy Planks per Load - f *

Dock f Plank,per Load

Wharfage on large Timber and ,1 Mails, per Load

Wharfage on small Timber, per Load

J.

2 o

O 2

o 6

o 9

4 <>

Wharfage on Deals from the Baltic, per reduced Stand-aid of 120

Wharfage on Deals from Ame- 1 rlca, per reduced Standard > 5 of 120	-	-	1

Wharfage on Oak Pipe and 1 Hogfiead Staves from the >15 Baku, per Thou fan d	- J

Wharfage on Oak Barrel andT Heading Staves from the > 13 Baltic, per Thoufand	- J

f £«S/V Orig* A3.2

f Rent while stored 011 the Pre-J mises of the Company, per I Loader Quarter Rent while stored on the Pre-mifes of the Company, Load per Quarter

1

1

Fre-*i

perl

o o

5 o

J.

T Rent while stored on the Pre-*

) mises of the Company, per j.	2

£ Loader Quarter	-	,

\ “ Rent while stored on tile Pre-: 1 -1 mises of the Company, per 1 „ 3 j [ Load per Quarter	-	(

Rent while stored on the Pne-; mises of the Company, per Quarter/erreducedStandard * * of j 20	-	-

Rent while stored on the Pro* mises of the Company, per Quarter^rrcducedStandard * * of 120

"Rent while stored on the Pre-' mises of the Company, per■ 20 i. Quarter,Thoufand 1 !"Kent while stored on the Pre-"j «! mises of the Company, per j I „ Quarter per Thoufand

-J

*■1

ert l5

Wharfage

574

C. clxxi—clxxvL

5* GUO. III.

Wharfage on Hemp and Flax* per Ton	•

Wharfage on Tallow,/rr Ton ► x

Wharfage on Pitch* Tar and Turpentine per Barrel" America or elfewhere

Wharfage on OH* 25a Sons* per Ton

Wharfage on Whalebone Ton

1 of Blubber* 25a Gallons* x* per Ton.	•	-3

/. d.	"Rent while stored or ware-'
	houfed on the Pretnifes of
*■2 O *	the Company* per Week
m 1	Per Ton
	Rent while stored or ware-"
I - /	houfed on the Premifes of
► X Oh	the Company* per Week
■	per Ton * Rent while stored or ware--
	houfed on the Premifes of
“ 0 3 "	the Company* per Week f per Barrel - -1
'	'Rent while stored or ware-'
b am 4g	houfed on the Premifes of ^
p 2 0 4	the Company* per Week
•	B per Ton - •-Rent while stored or ware-
. m £. J	houfed on the Premifes of „
.( 3 61	the Company, per Week
J	„ per Ton

AJJ.iSii,

i. I 1 a

0 6

0	2

1	0 1 0

Cap. clxxii.

An Act for erecting a New Market Place in the Town or Borough and Manor of Gosport in the County of Southampton.

[15th June 1811.3

Cap. clxxiii.

3#c,rf- An Act for paring and improving the Streets and other publid & • 3*c* «• FafTaget and Placet in the Pariihes of Saint John the Baptift and Saint Benedict, in the Town of Clqflonburyy in the Count jot Somerset.	[15th	June	1811]

Cap. clxxiv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Aftt of Hit c.clxxAvi,	prefent	Majeity,	for	repairing	the	Road	from	Doncajler	to	Bawtry,

in the County of Tori. (a)	[15th June 1811]	*

£.Additional Trufiees. Former Tolls repealed9 and nenv Tolls panted.

Additional Toll of One Half on Sunday s.~\

Cap. clxxv.

An Aft to amend and render more efTeftual an Aft of His prefer! Majcfty* for making and maintaining a koad from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road* in the County of Surrey.

[15th June 1821.]

Cap. dxxvi.

An Act for inclofmg certain Lands called Coe otherwise Cow Feu Leys, in the Panflh of Saint Mary the Left, in the Town of Cam* bridge, in the County of Cambridge.	[15th	June	1811.]

[Note, This A& hat neither the Public or Evidente Clanfe.]

Caf.

AJXi8ii<

j[ i« GEO. III.	C.clxxvii—cliKxiii.

575

Cap. clxxviL

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Tdjbead, in the County of Wilt*. (q.P.)	[15thjuoei&li.]

€t Allotment and Compenfatton for Tithes. <21,22.25. No Leafe '* of Allotment to Vicar of Tdjhtad% in right of Vicarage, without “ Con&ut of His Maje&y- j 29.

Cap.olxxvm.

An Ad for veiling certain Eftates late of George Hamilton otTyreBtu m the Countv of Downy in Ireland, Esquire, deceased, in Truf-tees, to be sold for Payment of Debts and Legacies, and for laying out the Surplus of the Monies arising from such Sale in the Pur-chafe of other Eftatee in Ireland, to be fettled to the fame Ufcsas the Eftates so fold. (q.P.)	fi5th	June	1811.J

Cap. clxxix.

An Ad for making, under the Direction of His Majcfty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland, a Partition of Part of the Irtjh Eftates of the Right Honourable Edward late Earl Beaulieu# in conformity to an Award'therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[15th June 181 ij

Cap. clxxx.

An Ad for veiling certain Eftates in the County of Tyrone in Ire* land, devised by the Will of Sir George Sa vile, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be fold; and for laying out the Purchafe Money, under the Diredion of the High Court of Chaneery, in other Eftates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ules. (q. P.)

[15th June i$f i*.]

Cap. clxxxi.

An Ad to enable the Dean of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, Dublin, to accept Surrenders and grant Leafes of certain Lanas, called the Dean** Grange, in the County of Dublin, and to remove Doubts respecting the Validity of Leafes heretofore made thereof, (q. P.)	[15th	June	1811.]

Cap. clxxxii.

An Ad for enabling the Dean of Windfor and Wolverhampton, and his Succrflbrs, to grant Leafes and Licences for opening and working Mines witnin the Lands belonging to the Manor of Wolverhampton ; and for augmenting the Income of the Sacrift of the Collegiate Church or Royal Free Chapel of Wolverhampton.

(q. P.)	CI5th	Jtma

Cap• clxxxiii.

An Ad for veiling in John Theophtlut Daubuz Esquire, an undivided Moiety of certain Premifes iituate at Low Layton, in the County of EJ sex i and for applying the Purchafe Money in the Pnrchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the fubMing Ufes of the Will of Edward Martin, deceased. {q. PJ	£i$th	June	i8u.]

Cap.

57*

C. clxxxlv—cxcii.

5i#GE0.UL

A.fXiim

Cap. clxxxiv.

An Aft for* empowering the Trudees of certain Lands, 'fenemfito and1 Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham, called The Decreed Lands, to make Sule of a fufEcient Part thereof for paying off Incumbrances, (q. P.)	[15th	June	i8n.}

Cap. clxxxv.

An Aft for veiling Part of the deviled Edates of Henry Viprt dcceased, in Trnltees, to be fold, and for laying out the whale Purchafe Money, under the Direction of the High Court of Chaneery, in the Parchafe of other EiUtesr tb be fettled in lieu thereof and to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)	[15th	June	iSn.J

Cap, clxxxvi.

An Aft to enable the Truftccs of the Wilt of Thomas Peter Ltgl Esquire, deceased, to purchase Edates for the Benefit of thar Trud y and to fell certain of the Edates deviled by the Will of the said Thomas Peter Leghy for railing Money to pay for such purchased Edates, and for roimburfing a' Sum expended in tbc Redemption of the Land Tax, charged on other Edates of the £aid Thomas Peter Legh. (q. P.)	[15th	•/*»*	iBij.J

Cap, clxxxvii.

An Act for incloling and dividing the Commons and Wade Land* in the Parilhes of Hornchurch, Romford and Havering, within the Manor and Liberty of Havering atte Bowery in the County 0( EJex, (q. P.)	[15th	JuaelSli.J

M Allotment to His Majedy. $ 2f*

Cap. dxxxvni.

An Act for ihclofing Lands in the Manor and Townihip of Nothtry, in the Pariih of Stockport) in the County of Chejter. (q. P.)

[15th June J&n.]

Cap, clxxxixk

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pariih of Kingflon, in the Coosty of Hereford, (q. r.)	[,15th	June	i8li.J

Cap. cxc.

•An Act for incloling Lands in the Pariih of Bromham, in theCouatv of Wilts, (q. P.)	[15th	June	i8nj

Cap* cxci.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pariih of Minty, in the County of Gloucester. (q. P.)	f	xgth	June	i$rij

Cap* cxcii.

An, Aft for Inclosing, and exonerating frtim Tythes, Lands in the Parilhes of Great IVyrriciidbey^ Little Wpmondlep and Ippolhtts, in tb* County of Hertford, (q. P.)	[15th	June 181 r.J

51° GEO. m.

C, cxciii—ccl.

577

Cap. cxciii.

An Ad to enable the Severn and Wye Railway and Canal Company 49 0* 3*c*cl,*« to raise a further Sum of Money* for the Completion of their 5° G«3*c*ccxv. Works, and for levying a Tonnage Rate on certain Veffels and Goods now exempted 5 and further to extend the Powers granted to the laid Company. * [30,000/.}	[36th June 18it.]

Cap. cxciv.

An Ad for erecting Five distinct Redories and Parifhes within the - Redory and Pari(h of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland; and for separating the fame from the Redory and P&rifh Church of Simonburn ; and for providing Parifh Churches, Church Yards and Parfonage Houfes for the fame; and for restraining the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hofpital for Sea* men at Greenwich, in the County of Kentt from presenting to the Redory of Simonburn, or the said new Redories, any other Per-fons than Chaplains in the Royal Navy.	[26th	June	1811.]

Cap. cxcv.

An Ad for conflruding a Harbour at Porthleven9 in Mount's Bay, in the County of Cornwall, [60,000/.]	[26th	June	1811.]

Cap, exevi.

An Ad for the Improvement of the Harbour of Sutton Pool, in the Port' of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.	[26th	June	i8n.]

[20,000 /.]

Cap. cxcvii.

An Ad for regulating and converting the Statute Services in the *5 G.3. c. 13. County of Perth, and for more effectually making and regulating repealed, and the Highways, Bridges and Ferries within the said County.	a9 3« «•

f [<*6/029 C. J.r. 17. See Cap, cxcviii./^.]	turned.

Cap, cxcviii.

An Ad for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads ^

and Bridges in the County of Perth, (b)	[26th	June 1811.] ^ q'j. c. 139.

73 G. 3. c. 164. 39 Sc 40 G. 3. c. xxaiv#

Cap.'vx cix.

An Ad for establishing a Ferry across the River Thames at Woolwich, 47 o. 3. Self a. in the County of Aim#.	[26th	June 1811.] cu.ispcaUi

Tolls on Sunday,]

Cap. cc.

. An Ad for building a Church in and for the Parifh of Newry, in the Counties of Down and Armagh,	[26th June	l8xx«]

Cap. cci.

An Ad to amend an Ad of the Forty Jdaiefty, fos ereclmg a new Gaol ana

51Gxo.UI.	Pp

ninth Year of His present 49 0 > House of Cotxtdion, and {,au* new

.1

C. cci—ccviii.

SV GEO. III.

AD.iSi

new Court Houfes for'the County Palatine of Durham, andmaka an equal County Rate for those rurpofes. [26th June iIl

Cap. ccii*

An Ad for increasing the Rates on Cods conveyed on the Ri* It chin, in the County of Southampton; afed fbr amending andic dering more effectual the several Ads relating thereto.

[26th Jmu 1811

Cap. ccffi.'

An Ad for railing an additional Sum of Money * for carrying ra -3° I	Execution the ieveral Ads for widening the Entrance into n

^xlii.4	** City of London near ^Temple Bar, for making k more comnuk

* *** Street at Snow Hill, and for railing Money on’ the Credit

Orphans' Pund for these Purposes; and for extending the ftrc of the laid Ads.	* [40,000 A]	[26th	June	iSn.‘

•6 * 17 Car. a. c. i»* PR;

7G.3. c- 87.

35 G. 3. c. 86. 42 G.y c. cxL

35 G. 3. c. 126. 38G.3.C.IXU

U .A n *

C* All'.

41 G. 3. e. hexiii. 44 G. 3. c. xxviu 49 0.3-€. lxjuii.

Cap. cciv.

33 G. 3. c. x66. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of Hiipr feat Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bawtry to is ibt .West Riding of the County of York., [a) t [26th June 1811/

[.Additional Truflecs. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls fraud]

•	•	1	Cap* ccv. ’	'•>	-	•

30 o. 3^ xviil An Ad for repealing an Ad of His present Majesty, ferrrpesrq and maintaining the Roadfrom the Eynesford Turnpike Reed u to Parijb of Shorrham in the County of Kent, to the Tnmfdt Rui in the Parijb of Farnborough* leading from Seven Oak* it hoe-ley, in the j'aid County.	[26th /mriiu.]

Cap. ccvi.	- •-»<-

7G.3. c.^r; k An Ad for enlarging the Term and Power* of Two Aftrof Hi g$G- 3. c.ifca present. Majesty for repairing the Road from the Brick Kibi 4 East Matting Hetith to Pemlttry Grdrn, and frofcn Brand Bndfi to the Four IVents, in the County of Kent; and for makisg l Road therefrom into the Merewortb and Hadlow Road, in da fame County* (6)	[26th Jwilii]

' ’ Cap. ccvil.	^

An Ad to confirm certain Articles of Agreement between the hU Noble John Duke of Hthotly the Right Honourable Edvard Ed of Derby y the Right Revarad Gfafdivs Lord Sifopof 54 ' and Man, the Honourable Edward Stanley commonly called Ld Stanley, the Reverend Donut MplreOy William Scott* John Csfut ban, and the Clergy of the Isle of Man ; and for other Purpofes (q. P.)	[26th Jmt l8il.]

Cap. ccviii.

An Ad for extinguishing all Rights of Common and other in respect of the Glebe Land belonging to the Church of Rar'M in the County of Chester, in, upon or under the uninclosed Wale L%)ds in the Townmip of ftarthill in the lame County, and fodi %*	other	Linds	in	the	iame	Townlhip Is have been heretofore j^bfed

•and taken from* Hhe Wafte Lands in th? fame Towalh»p$ and for if

D. 1811.	51* GEO. III.	C. ccviii—ccxiii.

elling a Piece or Parcel of Land called Hook Loont, situate in he fame Townlhip (fabjed as therein mentioned)* in the Very Reverend Hugh Cholmondeley,and his Succeflbr3, perpetual Curates if Hart bill aforriaid, iu Leu and latwfadion of fiich Rights, q. P.)	[26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccix.	»

Ad for confirming certain 1 Building Leafes of Lands in New-igton* in the County of Surrey, granted by the Dean and Chap-er of Canterbury, jointly with their LefTee Thomas Brandon Esquire, not 'Warranted by the Provifions of an A# made in the Tourteenth Vearofthe Reign of His present Majesty; and for 14 G. mpowering the said Dean and Chapter, and their LefTees for PR-he time being of their Eftates in Newington, to grant Building Leafes of Parts of the said Ptemifes 5 and for other the Purpofes herein mentioned, (q. P.)	£26thJune i8ii.J

Cap. ccx.

1	Ad for vetting in the Trustees of the Charity Schools of the Parifh of Saint Mary Mai felon otherwise White Chapel, .in the 2ouuty of Middlefex* the legal Eftate of Two undivided Third Parts, belonging to the said Charity Schools, in a Farm and Lands it Sandon and Much Baddowf in the County of Essex; and to enable the said Truttees to perfect a Partition of the said Farm and Lands; and for other Purpofes. (q. P.) [26th June 1811.3

Cap. ccxi.

2	Ad for vetting certain Parts of the entailed Eftates of Thomat

Graham Esquire, in Trustees, in Truft to fell the fame, and to apply the Money to arise by such Sale in purchasing the Debts and Incumbrances affecting certain Lands bdohgihg to the said Thomas Graham in Fee Simple, and thereafter to entail thole Lands freed from Incumbrances in lieu of those Parts of the entailed Eftates hereby directed to be fold. (q. P.)	[26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccxii.

n Ad for veiling in the surviving Trustees of the Will of John Wallinger Arnold Wallinger Esquire, deceased, in ancient Demefne to be holden of the Liberty, Honour or Manor of Havering atte Bower, in the County of EJfext a certain Eftate calledHare Had, ia Truft to felL (q. r.)	[26th June 2811.}

Cap. ccxiii.

in Ad for vetting in Truflees the Two undivided Sixteenth Parts and One Thirty second Part, late of John Ulric Collins Esquire, decca&d, of a certain MejTuage, .Farm and Lands in the Parilhcs of Tottenham and Edmonton in the County of Middlesex, iirTrust, to convey the.fame respectively unto William Horton Esquire, as to certain Parts thereof, and as to the remaining Parts, to James Clark Esquire, upon Payment by them respectively of a certain Sum of Money for the Purchafe of the fame; and for in vetting such Monies in the Purchafe of. Lands and Hereditaments in the Names of the Trustees, fqr the benefit of Charlotte Collins the

Widow,

519

31

i* *• 43«

C. ccxiii—ccxxi.

A.D.i8ir<

580

510 geo. in.

Widow, and of the Infant Children of the laid John Ulric Co&nit the Devifees named in his Will. (q. P.)	[26th June 1811 ]

Cap. ccxiv.

An Act for exchanging an Eftate belonging to Michael Hick* BtcA Efquirc, in Fee, for Part of his Eitate under Settlement. (q.P )

[26th June 181 ij

Cap. eexv.

An Act for effeftuating an Exchange between WilTxam Squire Efqur% and William Thomas Squire an Infant, of a Fee Simple Eftate belonging to the said William Squire, and situate in the Parifh d Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon, for an undivided Moiety, belonging to the said William Thomas Squire, in certain Pub.. Houles and Lands, situate in the several Counties of Nortbamptv. Lincoln, Huntingdon and the JJle of Ely, in Cambridgefbire. (q.P.j

[26th June 1811.1

Cap. eexvi.

An Aft to enable the Trustees of certain Lands called the Stone Fields, (ituate in the Parifh of Saint Mary IJlington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leafes thereof. (q.P.)

[26th June 1811.]

'	Cap.	ccxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Drayton, in the County of Berks. (q.P.)	[26th	June	1811 j

“ Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § 16,17, iS.

Cap. ccxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the United Parilhes Sulbamfeed Ahbotts and Sulhamflead Bannifler otherwise Meales, in the County of Berks. (q.P.)	[26th	June	1811.]

Cap. ccxix.

An Aft/or inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Great WaHscgfeU cum Chilton, and Great Cornard, in the County of Suffolk. (q.P.)

[26th June 1811.J

Cap eexx.

• An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Kent Road, . in the County of Surrey, to Deptford,, in the County of Kent; and a Branch therefrom, to Horjleydonvn, in the (aid County of Surrey. (£)	£ift	July	1811]

Cap. ccxxi.

An Act for dividing, and exonerating from Tithes, certain Lands in the Parifh of Ecclesfcld, and Wed Riding of the County of York. (q. P.)	ftjth	i&n	]



INDEX

TO THE

PUBLICK CENERAL ACTS, 51 GEO. IIL

* Signifies that the AS relatei extJuJively to Ireland.

Ctp.

Abolition (siarcTr.)	23

-—- Offices (Quftoms) 71

Abuses;( Military Departments)	19

-------------------(Offices)	-	-	*81

Allowances Salaries and Penfions 21 Annuities (See Loans)

Apprentices (Parifh) -	-	80

Appropriation Aft	-	117

Army (Mutiny and Defertion )	-	8

Army Prize Money (Chelfea Hofp.)l04 Arrests, vexatious (preventing) 124 Arfenals (Naval) -	-	73

Bank Tokens	-	- no

Bleaching Grounds (ftealing) *39 Bogs draining) -	-	*122

British “and Irifh Linens (Bounty) 14

--------White	Herring	Fifhery	101

Burial Ground .Tower)	-	It6

Butlerageof Wines (Duties)	-	*51

Calicoes, British (Blue Stripes in)	33

Carriages (Duty on)	-	72

Chapels and Churches (building) 115 Cinque Ports (Juftice in)	-	36

Clerks (Embezzlements of Money) *38 Clerks tp Attornies (Affidavits) 18 Coals, See. to London and Weftminft. 29 Coal Meters (Votes at Eleftions) 84

----Trade (Dublin)	-	#n

Coals (ufed in Mines, Drawback on) 83 Coffee (Roalling)	-	95

Coionics, N> American (Tra^eto) 97 Comnriffioners for Affairs of India (Salaries) -	-	75

— of Inquiry (Fees and Abufes) *8i Compoiitfon Rents (difeharging) #pi Corn Meters (Votes at Eleftions) 84 Cornwall Miners { Regiment of) 114 Counties of Towns (Trials, &c. in) 100 Crown Rents.(difeharging)	*oi

Cudoms (Duties) Continuance, Sec. *86

C*.

Cuftoms (Duties) IfleofMan(Con-folidating)	-	52

Cuftoms (Duties on Wood)	-	43

------(Seizures)	-	96

------(Superannuation Fund)

Debtors (Iofolvent)	*123.	I2f

Deer Stealing (Penalties on)	120

Devon Miners (Regiment of)	114

Di (tillers of Sugar Spirits (Duties) 42 Dogs (Duty on)	-	7*

Drawbacks (Spirits) Sufpenfion of I2f

-

*66 •to 64'

Of-

n

*77

(Sugar)

Dublin (Coal Trade)

— (P«rt and Harbour)

-------(Wide Streets)

East India Company (Bonds) (Military

ficers, Ships)

Eledion Laws (amending)

Freedom of (Rev. Officers) 84

(Regillcring Property)

Embezzlement (by Clerks, See.) Excifc Duties (on Auftions)

--------(Glafs)

---------(Tobacco)

(Wctfh, &c.)

•3?

95

*$6

59

Families and Wives (Soldiers) so$ Fees, See. (Offices)	-

Felons (Tranfportation) -Felony (Bleaching Ground.-) *39.41 Flint Glafs (Du ies of Exciieonj 69 Frivolous and vexatious Arrefts 124 General De Lancey (Eftates) 102. Glafs (Duties of Excife ou) „	69

Glebe Houfes	-	- iff

Gold Coin (Bank Notes) -	127

Hat Duty (repealing)	*6o*	70

Hemp and Linen Manufaftnres *39 Horfea (.Duty-on) .	-	71

Importation and Exportation, Corn 14

Impoyta->

INDEX TO THE PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 51* GEO.IIL

Cap.

Importation and Exportation, Tobacco	-	14

———Copper (Duty on)	31

-■ ■ —— Linen (Duty on)	44

—	------ Rum (to Lower Canada) 4$

■ - Beef and Pork (Salted) *57

—	-- — Chocolate and Cocoa 58

■ ■	- - Rum(toNovaScotia,8cc.)62

—	■■ ■■ Hides in the Hair (Duty

on)	-	67

—■ -	■ ■■ ■ Verdigris (Duty	on|	68

------- Gooda^ &c. (Drawback

on)	-	-	*86

» » ■-—Fir Timber, Norway

(Duty on) -	93

----— Spirits (Home made )	121

Indemnity (Offices)	-	18'

—  -----(Sugar Spirits)	42. Ill

Innkeepers (Soldiers)	-	28

Ireland (Lord Lieut, of) Salary *89 Me of Man (Cuftoms Duties) 52

—	----------(Sheep)	-	50

Jufttces (Middlefex and Surrey) 119 Labrador Coaft (SurrogateCourts) 45 Land Tax Redemption (regiftering

Property) -	-	99

Linen and Hemp Manufa&ures *39 Linens • British and Irifh)	*	.	14

Loans, Annuities, Exchequer Bills,

Ac* 3> 4* *$•

49. 53,54. 61.85.* 88. 112. London and WeitmTnfter(Coals,&c.) 29 ——— Coal and Corn Meters	84

Lotteries	-	-	113

Lunatics (Marriage of) -	*37

——— Paupers, &c.	-	79

Maidftone Geneva (Manufacture) 111 Halt (Annual Duties)	-	2

—— Duties	- -	27

Marine Forces (Regulation of) 9 Members of Parliament (Election) *77 I

---------------------- (Revenue

Officers)	-	-	84

Military (Public Expenditure)	19

Militia ^completing)	-	17

—^----(iqliftjnginto Regulars) 20. *30

—	— — (Families)	•	*78

—	----(Pay, Clothing, &c.)	*0

(Pay and Clothing) ‘	107

Militia Allowances (Adjutants, &c.) 108

*---*-----------(Subalterns)	109

r-— British and Irifh (interchanging)	y	'	*	Il8,I28

top.

Miners,(Regiment of) -	114

Naval Arfenals (Medway, &c.)	73

-----Afylum (Lands) -	105

New Foreft (Timber)	-	94

Newfoundland (Ships Rooms) 45 North America (Trade) -	97

Offices, Cuiloms (Abolition of)	71

-------(Indemnity)	-	18

------(Public Fees and Abufes) *8i

— —— (Securities)	-	98

Officers (Half Pay, Allowances) 103 ■■■ — Revenue (Ele&ions)	84

Paper, Water Mark (Exportation) 95 PeuGons, &c. (Annual Duties)	2

-------Salaries and Allowances

21

69

6

Phial Glafs (Duties of Excife 00) Population Port of Briflol ( Excifeable Goods) 32 London (removing VcfTels) 24 Porter (Colouring of)	-	87

Portugal (Treaty with) -	47

Poft fiorfes (Duties on)	76

Printers (Penalties)	-	65

Prixe Goods (Sale of)	-	74

Public Money ( Embezzlement of) *81 Ptiblifhers (Penalties)

Punifhment ( Felons )

Quarantine (Siiperintendant of)

Quit Rents (Dtfcharging)

Raw Linen Yarns (Doties)

Regency A6t

Regiftering Memorials (Offices) Property (Elections)

Rpck Salt (Regulations) Royal Naval Atylura

Salaries

( Affairs of India) Peniions and AH01

and Allowances Sale of Prize Goods Salt ( Duty free for curing Fifh) Scotch Creditors Securities (Offices)	-

Seditious Societies ( Printers) Seizures (Cuftoms)

Servants (Duty on )

Ships (Eaft India Company) Silk Manufa&ory ( Wages)

Snuff (Annual Duties)

(Duties)

65

■0

*91

14

1

98

99

82

10f

75

21

74

82

6S

9«

7*

75

7

2

*7

65

106

Societies. Seditious Soldiers (.Wives and Families', Southern Whale Filhery ( Premiums to Ships)	-	"34

Spirits (Drawbacks, Sufpen. ice.) i2l

Spirits

INDEX TO THE PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, ji^GEO.Ht

Cap.

Spirits (Diftillation of) -	59

--------(from Sugar, Dutieson) 42.111

Stage Coaches	-	*	*40

— ■■■ ---(Tolls on)	*92

Sugar (Annual Duties)	-	2

--------(Bounties, Drawbacks and

Countervailing Duties)	^	- *	13

! Drawbacks and bounties) *12 Duties) t -	,	.	27

Superannuation Fund (Cuftoms) 55 Surrogate Courts (Labrador) 45 Timber (Duties)	-	43

Tobacco (Annual Duties)	•	2

-—------(Duties) -	-	27

Tobacco (Excife Duty)	*	* #56

Tolls (on Stage Coaches)	-	*9*

Tower (Burial Ground) - fi6 Trade regulating (Cape FimiLerre,

&c.)	.	97

Tranfportation (Felons)	«,

Vefftls (Seizure of)	-	96

Walk (Excife Duties)	-	59

Westminster Election ( Hulling* and * Poll Cletks)	- -	126

White Hening Fiftery f Britilh)	10c

Wives and Families (Soldiers)	106

Wood (Duties on) -	*	45



Jujl publijhedy

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE,

FROM MAGNA CARTA TO THE UNION OF THE KINGDOMS OF GREAT BRITAIN AND	.

(41 Geo* III. 180O.)

Edited to the End of Henry VIII.

By T.E. TOMLINS, Efq. Barrifter at Law.

And from that Period By JOHN RAITHBY, Efq. Barrifter at Law.

tn Ten large Volumes Quarto f Price 31/. I ox. in Boards*

ALSO,

ANOTHER EDITION OF THE SAME WORK, In Twenty large Volumes O&avo,

Price 21 /. in Boards.

Lately published,

THE STATUTES AT LARGE,

FROM THE UNION WITH IRELAND TO THE PRESENT TIME.

The Quarto Edition, 3 Volumes and Two Parts, Price 9/. 14J. 6d. in Boards* The Octavo Edition, in 9 Volumes, Price 8/. 15J. 6d. in Boards.

£Thefc Editions are continued Annually ; and any Volume or Seffion may yet be had separately.]

83“ A General Index is preparing hy Mr.Raltlby down to 50 GV*. III. which will be printed in Quarto and Octavo, for the Accommodation of the Purchajers of the above, and former, Editions*

