THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

52 GEORGE III. 1812.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty’s Statute and Law Printer*;

And fold by J. Butte* worth, Law Bookfeller, in Fleet-Street.

1812.

lr* ice ll. 5?. 6tl. in Boatiis.}

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Paired in the SIXTH Seffion of the FOURTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and 52 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1.	A N A6l for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt,
£\. Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Gnat Britain; and on Pen-fioos* Offices and Perfonal Eilates in England, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.	Eage	I

2.	An Act to permit Sugar, the Produce of Martinique and other conquered Iflands in the Wcjl Indies, to be taken out of Warehoufe on the Payment of the like Rate of Duty for Wafle as Britijh Plantation S ogAr.	2

3.	An Ad to revive and continue until the Thirty firft Day of December One tlioufaod eight hundred and twelve, fo much of an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majesty, to prohibit the Diflillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, in the United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain ; aud to revive and continue another Ad made in the Forty ninth Year aforefaid, to fufpend the Importation of Britifh or Jri/b-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland refpettivcly ; and for granting certain Duties on Worts or Walk made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Diftillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain.	3

4.	Ab Ad for railing the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thoufand

Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.	17

y Ao Ad for railing tlie Sum of One million five hundred thoufand Ponds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.	18

6. An Ad for making Pruvifion for the better Support of His Majesty’s Houfehold, during the Continuance of His Majeftv's lixmpofkion.	Ibid.

An Ad for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum for defraying the Expenses iscident to the A dump lion of the Perfonal Exercile

IV

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

of the Royal Authority by His Royal Highnefs the Prince Reg-er in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty.	JR age 2<

8.	An Adi for the Regulation of His Majesty's Houfehold, an enabling Her Majesty the Queen to meet the increafed Ex pence t< which Her Majesty may be expofed during His Majetly*s In difpofition ; and for the Care of His Majesty’s Real and I^erfona Property ; and to amend an Adi of the laft Seflion of Parliament to provide for the Adminiftration of the Royal Authority during His Majesty's lllnefs.	Ibid

9.	An Adi to repeal an Ad of the Twenty fifth Year of His prefent Majesty, for better fecuring the Duties on Coals, Culm and Cinders and making other Proviuons in lieu thereof; and for requiring Ships in the Coal Trade to be meafured.	25,

10. An Ad to amend an Ad pf the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majesty, for granting a Sum of Money to be raifed by Exchequer Bills, to be advanced and applied in the manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies.	3	2

11.	An Ad to repeal an Adi parted in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His prefent Majesty, for eftablifhing certain Regulations in the Offices of the Houfe of Commons, and to eftdblifh other	and further Regulations in the faid Offices.	23

12.	An Adi for extending the Laws for preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty’s Naval, Ordnance and Vidlualling Stores to Ireland.	39

13.	An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.	41

14.	An Adi for granting Annuities to difeharge certain Exchequer Bills.	42

15.	An Adi for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, ce lain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain ; and for fufpending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties impofed by an Adi of the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majesty (hall be fufpended 5 and for continuing fo much of an Adi of the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majesty as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.	43

164 An Aft for the more exemplary Punifhment of Perfons deftroy-ing or injuring any Stocking or Lace Frames, or other Machines or Engines uied in the Framework knitted Manufaftory, or any Articles or Goods in fnch Frames or Machines ; to continue in force until the Firft Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen*	47

17. An Aft for the more effeftual Prefervation of the Peace, by en* forcing the Duties of Watching and Warding, until the Firft Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, in Places where Dtfturbances prevail or are	apprehended.	49

28. An Aft for making perpetual an Aft made in the Twelfth Year of His prefent Majesty, for encouraging the Manufofture of Leather by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the rrict of fuch Bark (hall exceed a certain Rate. 63

[Public General) 5 2° GEO.HI.

19.	An Aft to amend an Aft of the lafl Seflion of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raifed by Lotteries.

Pagi 63

20.	An Aft to continue feveral Laws relating to permitting the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever, ' and to permitting Goods and Commodities to be imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brunfwick in any Ship or VcfTel, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen ; and to the amending an Aft for confolidatmg and extending the feveral Laws in force for allowing the Importation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the IVeJl Indies, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen.	Ibid

21.	An Aft to render valid and effeftual certain Oaths adminiftered to and taken by certain Members of the Houfe of Commons before Deputies of the late Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houfehold, during the Vacancy of the faid Office.	64

22.	An Aft for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and	their Quarters.	66

23.	An Aft for the regulating of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.	91

24.	An Aft for railing the Sum of Six millions feven hundred and eighty nine thoufand fix hundred and twenty five Pounds by way of Annuities.	95

25.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One

thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, an Aft for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.	96

26.	An Aft to indemnify fuch Perfons in the United Kingdom as

have omitted to qualify themfelves for Offices and Employments, and for extending theTimea limited for thofe Purpofes refpeftively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; and to permit fuch Perfons in Great Britain as haye omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the Firft Day of Hilary Term One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.	Ibid.

27.	An Aft for eoablingthe Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked in Ireland for Foreign Service to return to their Homes. 97

28.	An Aft to amend an Aft of the laft Seflion of Parliament, making

Provifion for the Families	of Militia Men in Ireland.	101

29.	An Aft to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland.

I05

30.	An Aft to provide for regulating the Warehoufing of Spirits,

Milled from Corn in Ireland, for Exportation without Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable thereon 5 and to transfer the Cuftody of Spirits fo warehoused, from the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Pbrt Duties in Ireland, and their Officers, to the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, and their Officers.	Ibid.

31.	An Aft to repeal an Aft made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Eli%abeth% intituled An AS againjl lewd and wandering Perfons fretending themfelves to be Soldiers or Mariners.

Ill

A3	32.	An



Google

Vi	The TITLES of the STATUTES,

3*. An Aft for the Relief of Infant Suitors in Courts oF Equft entitled to Stock or Annuities in any of the Public or other Fund transferrable at the Bank of England.	Page I	J

33.	An Adi to continue, until the Expiration of Six Months aft<

the Conclulion of the prefent War, an Adi made in the Fort fixth Year of His prefent Majesty, for permitting the Importatic of Mails, Yards, Bowfprits and Timber for Naval Purpofes, firoi the Briti/h Colonies in North America, Duty free.	1	1

34.	An Adi for altering and amending an Adi made in the Thirt fecond Year of the Reign of His late Majelly King George th Second, for the Relief of Debtors, with refpedt to the Imprifonmen of their Perfons, and of an Adi made in the Thirty ninth Year o His prefent Majelly, for making perpetual an Adi made in th< Thirty third Year of His prefent Majelly, for the further Relie of Debtors ; and for other Purpofes in the faid Adi expreffed. x r 3

35- An Adi to prohibit all Intercourfe between the Ifland of Jamaica and certain Parts of the Ifland of Saint Domingo,	j	13

36.	An Adi for granting additional Duties on Mahogany not im-

ported from the Bay of Honduras, and for reducing the Duties on certain Species of Wood imported from the faid Bay.	117

37.	An Aft for fettling and lecuring a certain Annuity on Harl Wellington and the Two next Perfons to whom the Title of Farl Wellington lhall defeend, in Conlideration of his eminent Services.

119

38.	An Adi for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in

England,	122

39.	An Aft for the more effediual Regulation of Pilots, and of the

Pilotage of Ships and Veflels on the Coaft of England.	201

40.	An Aft to make Provifion for a limited Time refpedling certain

Grants of Offices.	233

41.	An Aft to amend and continue until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, an Adi of the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majelly, for appointing Commif-fioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure and the Condu& of the Public Bufinefs, in the Military Departments therein mentioned ; and another Adi, of the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majelly, for continuing and extending the fame to Public Works executed by the Office	of Works and others.	234

42.	An Adi for amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the

Bounties on Pilchards exported until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.	235

43.	An Aft for increafing the Rates of SubfiHence to be paid to

Innkeepers and others on	quartering Soldiers.	237

44.	An Adt for the Erediion of a Penitentiary Houfe for the Con-

finement of Offenders convifted within the City of London and County of Middlesex ; and for making Compenfation to Jeremy Bentham Efquire, for the Non-performance of an Agreement between the faid Jeremy Bentham and the Lords Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Treafury, refpedling the Cuftody and Maintenance of Convidis.	Ibid.

45.	An Adt to fufpend the Exportation from Ireland to Parts beyond

the Seas of Spirits made or diftilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain, until the Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.	251

46.	A*



v^.ooQle

(PutSicGentrAT)52* GEO. III.

At AA to grant to Hi* Majefly Duties upon Spirits made or dHdBedin Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Export-atiwi thereof; and to repeal certain Bounties given to Perfons Seeded to fell Spirituous Liquor** Wine, Beer and Ale by Retail m Ireland.	Page	1$	3

47.	Aa Ad to retire and continue until the Thirty firfl Day of De~

ember One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, fo much of an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majelly, to pro-bibit the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom, aa relates to Ireland,	260

48.	Ao Ad to provide for the regulating and fecuring the Collection of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland from Com, malted or mnftaired, in Stills of and under One hundred Gallons Content.

262

49.	Ao Ad to contitiue the Period for purchafmg the Legal Quays

iatbe Port of London; and to enable the Lords of the Treafury to purchafe Buildings in Thames Street, for the Purpofe of ereding anew Caftom Houfe.	284

fo. An Ad to continue until Three Months after the Commencement of the next Seflioti of Parliament, and amend an Ad of the kft Srifioo of Parliament, for making more efffedual Provifion for preventing the current Gold Coin of the Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the current Value of fuch Coin ; for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from being received for any fmaller Sum than the Sum therein fpecified ; and for Haying Proceedings upon any DiHrefs by tender of fuch Notes ; and to extend the fame to Ireland.

Jf. An Ad to provide for the more fpeedy Examination, controul-ing and finally auditing the Military Accounts of Ireland. 201

5*. An Ad to provide for the fpeedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Public Accounts of Ireland; and to repeal certain former Ads relating thereto.	299

$3- An Ad for extending the Time in which Coffee of the Britifb Plantations may be fold by Audion without Payment of the Duty on Audions ; and for making an Allowance of fuch Duty on Coffee fold for which the faid Duty has not been paid.	311

54.	An Ad for continuing, until the ‘Firft Day of Augujl One thou-

fand eight hundred and thirteen, feveral Laws relating to the Doties on Glafs made in Great Britain.	313

55.	An Ad to prevent Foreign Goods of certain Defcriptions being

brought from the United States of America into Canada; ana to allow a greater Quantity of Worded Yarn to be exported from Great Britain to Canada.	Ibid.

56.	As Ad to explain and amend an AdpafTed in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majelly, for explaining and amending an Ad for costinaing and making perpetual feveral Duties of One Shilling and Sis pence in the Pound on Offices and Employments of Profit, aad on Annuities, Peafions and Stipends.	314

$7. An Ad to enable His Majefly to fettle on their Royal High-neffes the PrincefTes Aagufla Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary and Sophia, as Annuity of Thirty fix thoufand Pounds, inflead of the Annuity fettled on them by an Ad pafTed in the Eighteenth Y*ar •f His prefcat Majefly.	316

A 4	58.	An

Digitized-by CjOOQle

▼Ill

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

58.	An Aft to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excife on

Tobacco to be manufactured in Ireland; and to allow certain Drawbacks in refpeft thereof, in lieu of former Duties of Excife and Drawbacks ; and to provide for the regulating and fecuring the Collection of the faid Duties.	Page	3	18

59.	An Aft for allowing on the Exportation of manufactured Plate

for the private Ufe of Perfons reliding or going to refide abroad, the fame Drawback as is now allowed on the Exportation of fetch Plate by way of Merchandize.	325

60.	An Aft for altering the mode of Payment of the Superannuation Allowances in the Department of the Cuftoms in Scotland

Ibid.

61.	An Aft to grant an Excife Duty on Spirits made or diftilled from Sugar in Ireland, during the Prohibition of Diftillation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excife Duty now chargeable thereon, and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof. 3x7

62.	An Aft to enable Coadjutors to Archbifhops and Bifhops in Ireland to execute the Powers of Archbifhops and Bifhops refpeftively.

328

63.	An Aft for more effeftually preventing the Embe2zlement of

Securities for Money and other Effects, left or depofited for fafb Cuftody, or other fpecial Purpofe, in the Hands of Bankers, Merchants,	Brokers, Attomies or other Agents.	330

64-*An Aft for extending the Provifions of an Aft of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, againft Perfons obtaining Money by falfe Pretences, to Perfons fo obtaining Bonds and other Secu-rities.	3 33

65.	An Aft to allow the Ufe of Sugar in brewing Beer in Great

Britain.	334

66.	An Aft to explain and amend an Aft of the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majesty, to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices; in refpeft of which Security ought to be given, and for avoiding the Grant of all fuch Offices in the Event of fuch Security not being; given within a time to be limited after the Grant of fuch Offices.

67.	An Aft for fettling and fecuring certain Annuities on the Widow and eldefl Son of the late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, and for granting a Sum of Money for the Ufe of his other Children,

341

68.	An Aft for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia,

in Scotland.	-3 50

69.	An Aft to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thouland.

eight hundred and thirteen, feveral Afts for granting certain Rated and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties otii Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland'.	42 1

70.	An Aft forraifing the Sum of One million five hundred thou -

fand Pounds by way of Annuities and Treafury Bills for the Service* of Ireland.	425

71.	An Aft for the better Cultivation of Navy Timber in the Foreli

of lVoolmerf in the	County of Southampton.	Ibid

72.	An Aft for the better Cultivation of Navy Timber in the Forefl; of Alice Holt, in the County of Southampton.

73.	An

v^ooQle

IX

(PuUtc General) 5 a'GEO. m.

75.	An Ad for vcpealinff fo much of an Ad of the Thirty fixth Year of Hi* prelent fclajefty, for the better Relief of the Poor vithn England g and enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, as limits the annual Amount of the Affcffraents.

Page 431

74.	An Ad to continue until the Firft Day of January One thou-£ud eight hundred and fourteen, au Ad for appointing Com* mfSoner* to enquke and examine into the Nature and Extent of the Cetera] Bogs in Ireland, and the Practicability of draining aadedthating them, and the bed Means of effecting the fame. 432

75.	An Ad to provide for the more complete and effedual Liquidation of a Debt doe to His Majesty from the late Abraham Gold-

jmd. Merchant, and his furviving Partners; and to confirm and eftabhfh certain Agreements entered into for that and other Purposes relating thereto.	43	3

76.	Aa Ad to amend feveral Ads relating to the Revenue of Custom aod Port Duties in Ireland•	454

77.	An Ad for granting au additional Drawback on Flint, Phial

and Crown Glafs ; for charging an additional Countervailing Duty on Fhnt and Crown Glafs imported from Ireland; and for the better Prevention of Frauds in the Exportation of Glafs on Draw-lack.	457

78.	An Ad to make better Provifion for the Commiflioners of Appeal

in Revenue Caufes in	Ireland.	461

79.	An Ad to allow Briti/b Plantation Sugar and Coffee, imported into Bermuda in Briti/b Ships, to be exported to the Territories of the United States of America in Foreign Ships or Veffels; and to permit Articles, the Produdion of the faid United States, to be imported into the faid I Hand in Foreign Ships or Veffels. 462

Sc. An Ad for extending the Period in which Deeds were directed to be enrolled by an Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His prefent ' Majesty, for amending feveral Ads for the Redemption and Sale of tbeLandTax.	463

,81. An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majesty, for providing a durable Allowance of Superannuation to the Officers	of	Excife, under certain Reftridions. 464

Si. An Ad for transferring the Scotch Excife Charity and Superannuation Funds to the Confolidated Fund, and paying all future Allowances from the latter Fund, and for making Provifion for certain fuperanouated Officers of Excife in England and Scotland.

4r>5

S3. An Ad to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and amend fo ranch of an Ad, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His prefent Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants aod Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, difembodied under as Ad of the lame Seffion of Parliament.	467

fy. An Ad for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while difembodied. 468 S5. An Ad for railing the Sum of Twenty two millious five hundred thoufand Pounds by way of Annuities.	/Lid.

$6. An Ad for railing the Sum of Five Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britan, for the Year One thouland eight hundred and twelve.	Il\J.

87. An



X

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

•7. An Aft to repeal the feveral Doties under the Care of the Com* miffioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu ^thereof j and for transferring the Management of the Duties on Playing Cards and Dice from the CornmH&oners of Inland Excife to the Commiffioners of Stamp Duties.

Page 4 68

88. An Aft for granting to HU Majesty certain additional Rates of Poftage in Great Britain.	506

89: An Aft for charging an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratification of a Definite Treaty of Peace.	509

90.	An Aft for raifing the Sum of Five hundred thoufand Pounds

by Treafury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.	510

91.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty feventh Year of His pre-fent Majesty, for the better Execution of the Law and Prcferva-tion of the Peace within Counties at large.	Ibid.

92.	An Aft to continue, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand

eight hundred and thirteen, certain Afts for appointing Commiffioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquifites?nd Emoluments received in feveral Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abufes which may exift in the fame, and into the mode of receiving, collefting, iffuing and accounting for Public Money \li Irelands	Ibid.

93.	An Aft for granting to His Majesty certain new and additional

Duties *of Afleffed Taxes 5 and for consolidating tlie fame with the former Duties of Afleffed Taxes.	512

94.	An Aft for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain on Glafs, Hides, and Tobacco and Snuff. 549

95.	An Aft to amend and regulate the Affeffment and Colleftion

of the Affeffed Taxes, and of the Rates and Doties on Profits arifing from Property, Profeffions, Trades and Offices, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.	561

96.	An Aft for applying the Amount of the Bounties on certain

Linens exported from Great Britain towards defraying the Charge of the Loan made and Stock created in the prefent Seffion of Parliament.	572

97.	An Aft to amend feveral Afts relating to the Revenue of Inland

Excife and Taxes in Ireland.	573

98.	An Aft to permit Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa to be exported

from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finijlerrey and Com to be imported from any fuch Port, ana from the Coaft of Africa, into the faid Colonies and Plantations, under Licences granted by the Collect tors and Controllers of the Cuftoms.	580

99.	An Aft for allowing certain Articles to he imported into the Bahama Iflands and exported therefrom in Foreign Veffels; and for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from tne faid Ifiands.

58$

JOO. An Aft to permit the Exportation of Wares, Goods and Merchandize from any of His Majesty’s Iflands in the IVeJl Indies to any other of the faid Iflands, and to and from any of the Briii/b

7	Colonic*

(Public General) J21 GEO. III.

Colonic* on the Continent of Anoerica, and the {aid Iflands and

Colonies.	Page 586

201. An Aft to provide a fummary Remedy in Cafes of Abufes of Trails created for Charitable Purpofes.	587

ics. An Ad for the regiftering and fecuring of Charitable Donations.	Ibid.

103. An Aft for the more eafy Manning of Veffels employed in the Southern Whale Fifhery.	592

IC4. An Ad to render more effeftual an Aft, palled in the Thirty fetenth Year ofHis prefent Majelty, for preventing the adminiftering or taking Unlawful Oaths.	593

205. An Aft to continue, amend and extend the Provifions of an Ad pafled in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majesty, for enabling the Secretary at War to enforce Returns from Clerk* of Subaivifions and others, in relation to Fines, Bounties and Sums due under any Afts relating to the Defence of the Realm or Militia, for the	Purpofe	of direding the Diftribution and fecuring

the due Application	thereof.	595

106.	Aa Att for increafing the Duty on Rum and other Spirits

inportedvinto Newfoundland from the Britijb Colonies and Plantations on the Continent of America, and charging a Duty on Spirits imported into Newfoundland from His Majesty’s Colonies in the Wef Indies.	598

107.	An Ad for extending the Allowance of the Duty on Salt

nfed in making Oxiginated Muriatic Acid for bleaching Linen, to Salt ufed in making fuch Acid for bleaching Thread and Cotton Twill.	599

108.	An Ad to amend an Ad pafTed in the Fiftieth Year of His prelent Majesty, for placing the Duties of Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of tbe Commidioners of Hackney Coaches.

600

109. An Ad to empower the Commiflioners of Chelfea Hof pit al to commute Penfions for a Sum of Money in certain Cafes.	Ibid.

no. An Ad for amending an Ad paded in the Twelfth Year of Hii late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An A3 for tbe more eafy ajfejfmg% colie Sing and levying of County Rates ; and for the remedying certain Defeds in the Laws relating to the repairing of County Bridges and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England.	601

111.	An Ad for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing

of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.	605

112.	An Ad for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the faid Militia daring Peace.	607

113.	An Ad for railing the Sum of One million two hundred and

Jixteen thoufand fix hundred and fixty fix Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence Iri/h Currency, by Treafury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.	Ibid.

IU, An Ad to enable the Commiiioners of His Majesty’s Trea* lory to ifTue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of luch Aids or

Supplies

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Supplies as have been or (hall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.	JPesge 608

115.	An Aft to make more effeftual Provifion for enabling the Cor-

poration for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin, to eretft, repair and maintain Light Houfes and Lights round the Coafis of Ireland, and to raife a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof.	Ibid.

116.	An Aft to amend an A A of this Seflion of Parliament for

amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia of England.	616

X17. An Aft for impofmg additional Duties of Cuftoms on certain Species of Wood, and on Pot and Pearl Afhes imported into Great Britain.	Ibid.

118.	An Adi to amend an Aft made in the prefent Seflion of Par-

liament, intituled An A3 to revive and continue until thcThirty Day ©/’December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve,fo much of an Ad made in the Forty ninth Tear of Hie prefent Mayfly, to prohibit the Diflillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, in the United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain ; and to revive and continue another A3 made in the Forty ninth Tear aforefaid, to fufpend the Importation of Britifh or Irifh-ma</i Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland refpedively; and for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wajh made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Diflillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain.	619

119.	An Aft to repeal fo much of an Aft of the Fortv third Year

of His prefent Majesty, as permits the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Turkey, Egypt or the Levant Seas, in Foreign Ships.	622

120.	An Aft to explain, amend and extend the Provifions of an Aft,

paffed in the laft Seflion of Parliament, for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers to return to their Homes, to the Widows, Wives and Families of Soldiers dying or employed on Foreign Service.	623

121.	An Aft to authorize the Transfer, to the Eafl Indies, of

Debts originally contrafted there, on the Part of the Eafl India Company, payable in	England\	624

122.	An Aft to remove Doubts as to an Aft paffed in the Fiftieth

Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, relating to railing Men for the Service of the	Eafl	India Company.	625

123.	An Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Aft

paffed in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majesty, to enable His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales to grant Leafes of certain Lands and Premifes called Prince*s Meadows, in the Parilh of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His faid Royal Highnefs’s Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purpofe of building thereon.	626

124.	An Aft for veiling in His Majesty, his Heirs and Succcffors,

certain Lands or Grounds, formerly Part of the Waftes of the Manor of Sandhurjl, in the County of Berks, freed and difcharged of Commonable and	other	Rights.	635

125.	An Aft for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be

raifed by Lotteries.	640

126.	An Aft to repeal the feveral Afts for the Colleftion and

Management of the Stamp Duties in Ireland} and to make	more

6	effeftual

^ooQle

Xlll

(Public General) 5a0 GEO. III.

etfedual Regulations	for	colliding and managing the	faid

Duties.	Page 640

127.	An Ad to prohibit, until the Firft Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, the making of Starch, Hair Powder and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food ; and for fufpending Part of the Duties now payable on the Importa* tkm into Great Britain	of Starch.	709

128.	An AcI for better fecuring the Duties on Malt.	717

129.	An Ad for amending Two Ads pafled in the Forty eighth

and Forty ninth Years of His prefent Majesty, for enabling the Commiffiouers for the Redutiion of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.	721

130.	An Ad for the more effedual Punifhment of Perfons deftroy-

ing the Properties of His Majesty’s Subjeds ; and enabling the Owoers of fuch Properties to recover Damages for the Injury fufbuned.	740

131.	An Ad to exempt from the Duties of One Shilling and of Six

pence in the Pound, certain Augmentations made to the Stipends of Parities in Scotland.	742

132.	An Ad for explaining, amending and extending the feveral

Laws relative to the Payment of forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prixe Money, to the Royal Hofpital at Chelfea ; and for direding the mode of making up the Accounts of Penfions paid to the Widows of Officers of the Army.	Ibid.

133.	An Ad for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland,

and of the Increafe or Diminution thereof.	750

134.	An Ad for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland.	756

135.	An Ad for advancing Two Millions five hundred thoufand

Pounds to the EaR India Company, to enable them to difeharge Part of the Indian Debt.	775

136.	An Ad to enable the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to regulate

the Price of Coals to be bought for the Benefit of the Poor of the City of Dublin.	780

137.	An Ad for extending the time for the Payment of certain

Sums of Money, advanced by way of Loan under an Ad, pafled in the laft Seffion of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to dired the Iffue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purpofes and in the manner therein mentioned.	781

138.	An Ad for the further Prevention of the counterfeiting of Sil-

ver Tokens iflued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called DoUars, and of Silver Pieces iflued and circulated by the faid Governor and Company, called Tokem ; and for the further Prevention of Frauds pradifed by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the faid Governor and Company.	787

139.	An Ad for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Stone Bottles made in or imported into Great Britain.	790

I40 An Ad to permit the Exportation of certain Articles to the IJle of Man from Great Britain.	802

141.	An Ad to regulate the manner of licenfing Boats by the Com-miffionen of the Cuftoms, and the delivering up of Liccnfcs in Cafes of Lofs or Capture bf Veflels licenfed ; and for enabling the Coramiffioners of the Cuftoms to purchafe certain Boats at a Valuation.	803

142.	An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

142.	An Alt to permit the Removal of Goods from one Bonding

Warehoufe to another, in the fame Port.	Page	Hop

143.	An A A for amending and reducing into one Aft, the Pro-

vifions contained in any Laws now in force impofingthe Penalty* of Death for any Aft done in Breach of or in Refiltance to any Part of the Laws for collecting His Majesty’s Revenue in Great Britain.	816

144.	An A6t to fufpend and finally vacate the Seats of Members oF the Houfe of Commons, who (hall become Bankrupts, and who (hall not pay their Debts in full, within a limited time. 823

145.	An ACt to explain the Exemption from Toll in fcveral Adis

of Parliament, for Carriages employed in Hulbandry ; and for regulating the Tolls to be paid on other Carriages, and on Horfes, in certain other Cafes therein fpecified.	82£

146.	An Adt for the better regulating and preferring Pari(h and

other Regi(ler8 of Births, Baptifms, Marriages and Burials in England.	82 8

147.	An Aft for regulating the Allowances granted out of th^ Duties of Affeffed Taxes, to Perfons in refpeft of the Number oF their Children, by an Aft patted in the Forty fixth Year of Hi* prefent Majesty ; and for extending the Limitation mentioned in the faid Aft in Proportion to the Increafe of the faid Duties. 837

148.	An Aft to enable the Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purle

for the time being, to difpofe of and transfer all fuch Public Stocks or Funds, as now do or (hall hereafter ft and in his Name, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Truft for His Majesty.	838

149.	An Aft to regulate the Separation of damaged from found

Coffee, and to permit Dealers to fend out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding eight Pounds Weight without Permit, until the End of Two Years from the pafling of this Aft.	Ibid.

150.	An Aft to amend an Aft paffed in the Forty fourth Year of

His Majesty’s Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain, fo far as regards the Duties granted on Medicines and on Licences for vending the fame	842

151.	An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft of the Iaft Seffion

of Parliament, relating to the Half Pay and Allowance of Officers retiring from Service ; and to authorize the allowing to Foreign Officers wounded, the like Penfions and Allowances as arc given to Britijh Officers under the like circumftances.	851

152.	An Aft to repeal an Aft, paffed in the Forty ninth Year of His

prefent Majesty, intituled. An Ad for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effeftuaily regulating the faid Office.	853

153.	An Aft to reftify a Miftake and to carry into more effeftual Execution the Purpofes of an Aft made in the laft Seflion of Parliament, relating to the Briti/b White Herring Fifiiery. 858

154.	An Aft for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money

out of the Coufolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thoufandeight hundred and twelve; and for fuitlier appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seffim of Parliament.	859

155.	An Aft to repeal certain Afts, and amend other Afts relating

to Religious Worfhip and Affemblics, and Perfons. teaching or preaching therein.	871

156.	An



(Public General) 520 GEO. III.

156.	An Ad for the more effe&ual Punifhment of Perfons aiding Prifbners of War to efcape from His Majesty *s Dominions.

PaV 877

157.	An Ad to prevent the iffuing and circulating of Pieces ot Gold and Silver, or other Metal, ufually called Tokens, except fuch at are ifTued by the Banks of England and Ireland rcfpedively. 878

i{8. An Ad to extend the Provifions of an Ad paffed in the Thirty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, for the Relief of Perfons equitably entitled to Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, and of an Ad paffed in this prefent Seffion for the Relief of Infant Suitors entitled to the like Stocks and Annuities, to all other transferrable Stocks and Funds. 882 J59. An Ad for charging Foreign Liquors and Tobacco Derelid, Jetfaxn, Flotfam, Lagan or Wreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, with the Duties payable on Importation of luch Liquors and Tobacco.	884

16o. An Ad to enable Juftices of the Peace to order parochial ReEef to Prifoners confined under Mefne Procefs for Debt in fuch Gaols as are not County Gaols.	887

161. An Ad for enabling His Majesty to grant Leafes under certain circumftacces, and for the better carrying into Effed the Pro-vifions of an Ad paffed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, touching the Formation of a Map of the New Foreft in the County of Southampton, and continuing and extending other Provifions of the faid Ad; for further appropriating the Monies arifen or to arife from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under the Authority of divers Ads of Parliament ; for annexing certain Lands within the Foreft of Rocking-ham to His Majesty's Manor of King's Cliffe ; and for enabling the Commiffion^rs of the Treafury to appropriate fmall Portions of Land for Ecclefiaftical Purpofe3.	889

16a. An Ad for the Prefervation of the public Peace in certain di&urbed Counties in England; and to give, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, additional Powers to Juftices for that Purpofe.	911

163. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

918

164.	An Ad for enabling His Majesty to raife the Sum of Three

Millions for the Service of Great Britain, and for applying the Sana of Two hundred thoufand Pounds Britifb Currency for the Service of Ireland.	941

165.	An Ad for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.

Ibid.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;.

ML PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i A N Ad for embanking and draining certain Lands adjoining jCjL the River Wade in the Pari Hies of Steeple cum Stanfgate and SssjU Lawrence in the County of EJfex.	Page	970

ii.	An



XVI

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

ii.	An Adi for vetting in the Clerk of the Peace of the Countv of

Stafford, a Houfe for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges at the Aflizes, and for maintaining and fupporting the.fame ; and for amending an Adi of His preleut Majesty for building a new Shire Hall for the faid County.	Page	970

iii.	An Adi to continue and *amend Two Adis of the Tenth and

Thirtieth Years of His prefent Majesty for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen*s Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid*

iv.	An Adi for repairing the Road from Roborougb Down to the

Tavijlock Road near Dart Moor Prifon of War, and to Two Bridges, in the County of Devon.	9	7	1

v.	An Adi for inclofing Siddal Moor, fituate within the Town-

fhip of Hopwood, in the Parifti of Middleton, in the County Palatine of Lancajler.	Ibid.

vi.	An Adt for inclofing Great Crojby Marjh, in the Manor of Great Crojby, and Parifti of Sephton, in the County of Lancajler.

Ibid•

vii.	An Adi for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging

the Powers of Two Adis of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Alfreton to Mansfield, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned.	Ibid.

Viii. An Adi for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Adis of King George the Second, and Two Adis of His prefent Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Middlefex.	Ibid.

ix.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Paritti of Erith in the County

of Kent.	Ibid.

x.	An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifti of Deopbam, in the

County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

xi.	An Adi for building a Church or Chapel of Eafe in Z/ver-

fedge, in the Parifti of Birjlall, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.	Ibid.

xii.	An Adi for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Adi of His prefent Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of tHe Poor in the Hundred of Wangford\ in the County of Suffolk.

Ibid.

xiii.	An Adi for the better Employment and Support of the Poor

in the Parifties of Wejlfirle, Beddingham and Glyndc, iu the County Of Suffex.	972

x:v. An Adi for better paving, cleanfing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Pafiages and Places, within the Manor of Southwark, otherwife called The Clink, or Bi/bop of Winchejler*s Liberty, in the Parifti of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey/.	Ibid.

xv.	An Adi for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Adis of

His late and prefent	Majefty,	for repairing the Harbour of Mary-

fort in the County	of	Cumberland.	Ibid.

xvi.	An Adi to alter and increafe the Rates of Tonnage, authorized

to be taken by the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Weflern Canal; and to amend the leveral Ads paffed for making the faid Canal.	Ibid.

xvii. An

L,ooQle

(Local Zff Perfonal) 5 2° GEO. III.

*rn. An A & for allotting the Lands in the Parifh of Hempjlead, in the County of Norfolk, and for the Drainage of the Marfhes or Yen Grounds within the faid Parifh, and or certain other Marfhes, Meadows and Low Grounds, within the feveral Parifhes of Hap-pfiaf-gh. Feeler9 PaVing next the Sea, Lejftngham and Ingham, in the County aforefaid.	P,	ge 9-2

xriii. An A d for inclofing and draining Lands in the Parifh of Horfey, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

m. An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His pretest Majesty, for rebuilding the late Theatre Royal Drury Lane.

Ibid.

xx An Ad to enable the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin to raife a fufficient Sum of Money, by Preferment, for completing the rebuilding Lucan Bridge over the River Anna Liffey at Lucan, in the Parifh of Lucan, in the County of Dublin.	991

xxi. An A6t for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of King George the Second, and Two Ads of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hedon to Hull, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of York.	99J

xxti An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of King George the Second, and Two Ads of His prefent Maiefty, for repairing the Roads from Hull to Beverley, and from New* land Bridge to Cottingham, in the County of York.	Ibid.

xxiii.	An ACt for repairing the Roads from Ipfwtch to Helmingham,

and to DeBenham, and from Hem'tngjlon to Otley Bottom, in the County of Suffolk.	Ibid.

xxiv.	An A<d for repairing the Road from Ipfwich to Stratford Saint

Mary, in the County of Suffolk.	Ibid.

xxr. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majesty, for repairing feveral Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick and Derby, and in the County of the Ciiv of Lichfield.	Ibid.

xxri An A6t for making and maintaining a Road from Stone Street Hatch at Ockley, in the County of Surrey, to join a Branch of the Horfham and Guildford Road at Warnham, in the County of Suffex.

Ibid.

xxvii.	An AS to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the

Powers of an Ad parted in the Twenty third Year of His prefent Majesty, for completing the Road from Circncefler, in the Comity of Ghucefler, through Teibury to Wonfield Corner, and a Road from thence to or near Lamhridge, near the City of Bath, and for other Purpofes relating thereto 5 and alfo to repair a certain Road from Duff ton to Uruler bridge, in tile Pari (It of Shipton AToigne, in the faid County.	Ibid.

xxviii.	An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of

His prefent Majesty, for repairing Roads in the Counties of Flint, l enligh, and Carnarvon, fo far as the fame relate to The Saint Afaph and Conway D'tjlrids of Road	993

xxix.	An Ad to continue and amend Two Ads parted in the Tenth and Thirtieth Years of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Cheflcr, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head, in Fernilee, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith kt the fame County. Ibid.

§2 Geo. IlL	a	xxx.	An



xviri

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xxx.	An Aft for more effeftually repairing the Roads from Wendovtr to the End of Gak Lane, and from the River Coine, for Half a Mile, towards Eiuconsfield, in the County of Bucks, Page 993

xxxi.	An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of King George the Second, and Two Afts of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Chejlerjield to Hern/lone Lane Head* with its Branches ; and for amending and making a certain other Road to communicate therewith, all in the County of Derby,

Ibid.

xxxii.	An Aft for i; clofug Lands in Congham, in the County of

Norfolk.	Ibid.

xxxiii.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifti of Barford, in the

County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

xxxivj An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Pari/h of Caijler, next Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

xxxv.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Eafl Dereham,

in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

xxxvi.	An Aft fur inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Kirby Bedon,

in the County of Norfolk.	994

xxxvii.	An Aft for enlarging the prefent or providing a new Work-

houfe for the Ufe of the Parifh of Strood, in the County of Kent; for better governing, maintaining and employing the Poor of the faid Parifh ; and alfo for repairing or rebuilding the Church and Tower of	the	fame	Parifh, and for other Purpofes relating

thereto.	Ibid.

xxxviii.	An Aft for more cffeftually repairing the Road from Bo-roughbridge, in the County of York, to the City of Durham. Ibid.

xxxix.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of

His prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road from Brough Ferry to South Neavbald Holmes, in the Eafl Riding of the County of York9 and for amending the Road from Brough to IVelton, in the fame Riding.	Ibid.

xl. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two feveral Afts of His prefent Majesty, for repairing and widening feveral Roads in the County of Cardigan; and alfo for making other Roads in the faid	County.	Ibid

xli. An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Aft made in the Thirty fir ft Year of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Haverfordwejl, through Fifhguard, to Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and from Fijhguard to the City of Saint David’s, in the faid County. Ibid. xlii. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Town (hip of Llanvihangcl Nantmellan, in the Comity of	Radnor.	Ibid.

xliii. An Aft for inclofing Lauds in the Parifh of Caflon, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid•

xliv. Aii Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Pilleth, in the County of Radnor.	995

xlv. An Aft for inclofing Lands within the Manor and Parifti of Southweald, in the County of	EJfex.	Ibid.

xlvi. An Aft for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of His prefent Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Thames, Weft ward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London; and for further improving the laid Navigation.	Ibid.

xlvii. Aa

v^ooQle

(Local & Perfonal) 52* GEO.Hi.

iKn. An Ad to authorize the Commi(Sonera for improving and * completing the Navigation of the Rivera Thames and IJis, from the Jurifdidion of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlefex, to the Town of Crick lade* in the County of Wilts, to make a navigable Canal out of the River Thames near Milfon’s Point9 in the Parifti of Egham, in the County of Surrey, to communicate with the faid River at or near Bell Weir, in the faid Pariih of Egham ; and to erect Pound Locks in fuch Cut, with neeefiary Weirs and other Works on the faid Navigation. ,

Page 995

xlvrn. An Ad for empowering the Commiflioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Wefiminfer, and Part of the County of Mid-dlefex, to purchafe a MeiJuage and Premifes for holding their Meet* ings; and for enlarging the Powers of the faid Commiflioners. Ibid, xlix. An Ad for erecting a new Gaol in or near the Burgh of Cupar, in the County of Fife, and for other Purpofes relating thereto. 1003 L An Ad for the Improvement of certain Parts of the Harbour of Catwater within the Manor of Plympton in the County of Devon ; and for the more effedually providing for the Security of the Communication from Pamphlet Point acrofs the contiguous Water of Larj within the faid Manor.	Ibid,

li. An Ad for paving, cleaning and otherwife improving the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surrey,	Ibid,

hi# An Ad to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Cranjlon Hid Water Works to raife more Money for the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glafgow, and Places adjacent, with Water.	•	Ibid.

tin. An Ad for empowering the Grand Juries for the County of the City of Dublin and of the County of Dublin, and the Corporation, to preferve and improve the Port of Dublin, to vary the Scite heretofore fixed for the intended Bridge over the River Anna Lijfey, in the faid City (in place of Ormond Bridge) from a Spot oppofite the Four Courts, to a Spot oppofite Charles Street or Maft Lana, in the faid City; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	Ibid,

liv. An Ad for making further Provifion for the Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, after a certain Length of Service.	1010

hr. An Ad for enlarging the Terms and Powers of feveral A6ts for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Renfrew, building a Bridge or Bridges at Inchinnan, and regulating the Statute Labour of the faid County, and for other Purpofes relative thereto.	1019

Ifi. An Ad for repairing the Roads from IVarminfler, and from Frame, to the Bath Road ; and from Woolverton to the Trowbridge Road, iu the Counties of Wilts and Somerfet.	Ibid.

lfii. An Ad, for improving the Public Roads in and through the City of Coventry.	Ibid.

Ilia. An Ad to continue and amend Two Ads of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Herflreet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid. jix. An Ad for amending the Roads from Oldham, in the County of Luxsfitrt to Ripfondaiy in the County of York ; and from Den.

a 3	Jbaw



Th* TITLES of the STATUTES,

Jbaw to BrownbUl, and from Grains to Delph, all within Saddle* worth, in the faid County of Tori.	Page 1020

1*. An Afct for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majesty, tor amending the Road from Wellfboum Mount-fort. to Stratford upon Avon, m the County of Warwick.	Ibid.

Lti. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Upton in Ratiey to Great Kington and Wellefoourne Hqfiings, in the County of Warwick.	Und.

bui. An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and to Henley Bridge in the County of Berks, fo far as relates to the Second Diftritt of the laid Roads.	Ibid.

lxiii. An Ad for inclofing Lauds in the Parishes of Ovingham, By well Saint Peter and By well Saint Andrew, in the County of Northumberland.	Ibid.

lxiv. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilhes of Diffcrtb and Llanelweth, in the	County	of	Radnor.	Ibid.

lxv. An Ad for inclofing Lands in Thornibwaiie, in the Parifh of Crojlbwaite, and	County	of Cumberland.	Ibid.

Ixvi. An Ad for inclofing Lands within the Manor and Parifh of Great Sbejford otherwife Wejl Shejford, in the County of Berks.

Ibid.

lxvii. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Crayford, in the County of Kent.	Ibid.

Ixviii. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Rockland Saint Andrew, Rockland All Saints, and Rockland Saint Peter, in the County of Norfolk.	1021

lxix. An Ad for making a Navigable Canal from the Rivers Ant and Bure, at or near IVay ford Bridge, near Dilham, to the Towns of North Waljbam and Antingham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid. Ixx. An Aft for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Medway, near Brandi ridges in the Parifh of Eajl Peckham in the County of Kent, to extend to and unite with the Royal Military Canal in the Parifh of Appledore in the faid County ; and alfo certain Navigable Branches and Railways from the faid intended CanaL	Ibid.

lnxi. An Ad for building a Chapel in the City of Cbicbefler, in the County of Suffix.	Hid.

btxii. An Ad Tor enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majesty, for amending certain Mileways leading to Oxford, and making Improvements in the Univerfity and City of Oxford, the Suburbs thereof, aud adjoining Parifh of Saint Clement, and for other Purpofes.	Ibid.

Lxiii. An Ad for more effedually paving, cleaning, lighting and - watching the Highways, Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuifances and Annoyances therein.

Ibid

Ixxiv. An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Ada of His prefent Majesty, for paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, watering and watching fuch Part of the Parifh of Saint Pane not % in the County of Middles«, an lies on the Weft. Side of Tottenham • Court Road.	Ibid.

Ixxv. Aa



{Local & PerfonaT) 5*0 GEO. III. #

hit. An A& for M&cndiiig smd rendering more eiiefhid federal A6hi for better afleftng and collecting the Poor and other Rates of the Pndh of Saint John of Wopping, in the Comity of MiddJefnc ; and for more effe&oatty paving, widening and improving the Streets aad other Places within and adjoining to the faid Parrih.

Page 1021

hwi As A& for lighting and watching the Streets and other Places without the Walls, hut within the .Liberties, of Ncivcajlle upmTyne.	1021

IxxttL An Aft for better fupplying with Coal the Town of Newcajile wmder Lyme, in the County of Stafford.	Ibid•

IxxtuL Aa Aft to amend an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefect Majesty, for the better Government of the Watermen working on the Paflfage between G of Oort, P ortfmouth and Portfea, aad other Races within Portfmoutn Harbour, and to and from Sfithead, Saint Helen,r, and other Parts within the Ijle of Wight, in the County of Sot&fkTmf ton, and to and from certain Places in the hid Ifland, axd frw regulating the Fares of fech Watermen. Ibid, hsix. An Aft for amending Two Ads parted in the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majesty, for more efFedually repairing and maintaining certain Roads and Bndgcs in the County of Perth ; and for regulating and converting the Statute Services in the faid County, aad more eflldually making and regulating the Highways, Bridges aad Ferries within the fame.	1029

lixx. An A£t for taking down and rebuilding certain Parts of the Bridge over the River Avon, at or near Stretford upon Avon, hi the County of Warwick, and for widening the fame Bridge, and improving the Approaches thereto.	Ibid.

lxxxi. An Aft for repairing the Road from Chatham to Canterbury, in the County of Kent.	Ibid.

Uxxh. An Aft for repairing and widening the Road from Rugby Bridge, in the County of Warwick, to the Town of Hinckley, in the County of Leicejlcr.	1030

Ixxxra. An Ad for continuing the Term and amending the Powers of an Aft made in the Thirty firft Year of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Swindon to the Centre of Chrifian Halford Bridge, and from Caine to Lynehant Green, and from the Direction Poll m Long Leazc Lane, near Lydiatd Marjb, to Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

Ixxxiv. An Att for repairing the Roads from BaitertM Moor End to the Turnpike Road from Buxton to AJhborne ; from Blafion Moor to the fame Turnpike Road near Ncwhavenf and from Warflow to Edon Mine, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby,	Ibid.

kxxv. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an A A of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Denbigh to the Ncrtbop ond Holywell Road, and from Afnn Wen to Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for extending the Powers of the laid Ad to an adjoining Branch of Road.	Ibid.

(tfxri. An Ad to continue and amend Two Ads of the Ninth and Thirty firft Years of Hi6 prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Darly Moor, in the County of Derby, to EUaJlok, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road be* tween Leek and AJhborne, in the faid Cownties of Derby and Stafford*	Ibid.

a 3	V^iOOglClxXXYii. A A

U4

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

lxxxvii. An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Ad made in the Thirty firft Year of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Haverfordwefl, to the City of Saint Davids, and from the faid City to Caerfai, in the County of Pembroke,	Page 1030

lxxxviii. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majesty, Tor repairing feveral Roads to and from Tunjlall, in the County of Stafford.	Ibid,

lxxxix. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Ads of His late and prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ternhill to Newport, in the County of Salop.	1031

xc. A11 Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads, of the Tenth and Thirty firll Years of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Worhfop to the Turnpike Road at Kelbam, and from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Mufk-ham, in the County of Nottingham, and the Road branching out of the faid Road at or near Kneefal and leading to the Great North Road at or near Carlton upon Trent, all in the fame County.	Ibid*

xci. An Ad for more effcdually repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Perth and Forfar.	Ibid.

xcii. An Ad for repairing the Road from Siorrington to Balls Hiit, in Walberton, in the County of Sujfiex.	Ibid.

xciii. An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad pafied in the Thirtieth Year of His prefent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rowde Forde to Red Hilly in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

xciv. An Ad to enable Truftees, with tbeConfent therein mentioned, to grant Building Leafes.of a certain Field or Clofe, in the Parifh of Saint Mary, Iflington, in the County of Middlefex, Part of the fettled EHates late of the Reverend Richard Sutton Tates, Dodor in Divinity, deceafed, and for other Purpofes therein men-

xcv. An Ad to enable the Guardian of Henry Courtney, a Minor, tp make Leafe6 of certain Parts of faid Minor’s Eftates, in and

'xevi. An Ad for eftabli thing and confirming an Exchange of a Meftuage and Lands in the Parifh of Alfreton, in the County of Derby, purchafed with the Sum of One hundred Pounds bequeathed by the Will of George Sjpateman for charitable Purpofes, for a Meftuage and Lands of Jofeph Outram Gentleman, in the Parifh of Matlock, in the fame County.	Ibid.

xcvii. An Ad to enlarge the Powers of an Ad pafted in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to enable the Redor of the Parifh and Parifh Church of Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the County of Kent, for the time being, to grant Building Leafes of the Glebe Lands belonging to the faid Redory, and to fell the prefent Redory Houfe and Garden, and to build a new Redory Houfe.	103?

xcviii. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Caflerton, in the Parifh of Kirkby Lonfdale, in the County of Weflmorland, Ibid, Xpix. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhe9 of Burgh Cajllc and

tioned.

Ibid,

near the City of Dublin.

Ibid.

HerringHut in the County of Suffolk,

Ibid,

c. A*

{Local Igf Perfonal) 5** GEO.III.

i. An A ft for inclofing Lands in Grin diet on, Bradford, Waddington and Bajball, in the Parifh of Milton, in the County of Lori*

Page 103a

ei. An Aft for inclofing Lands within the Townfhips of Scalthwaite-riggf Hay and Hutton yith Hay, in the Parifh of K'trkby, in Kendal, in the County of Wejlmorland'.	Ibid'*

cii. An Aft for inclofing Lands in Tonge, in the Parifh of Bolton in the Moors, and County of Lancafter.	Ibid*

em. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Alfreton, in the Conoty of Derby*	Ibid*

civ. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Blymhill in the County of Stafford.	Ibid*

cw* An Aft for improving the Port and Harbour of Bojlon, in the County of Lincoln ; and for fixing the Wharfage of Goods landed within the faid Port and Harbour; and for better maintaining the Buoys, Beacoi.s, and Seamarks, belonging thereto.	Ibid*

cri. An Aft for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Hay Railway to amend, vary and extend the Line of the faid Railway, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Aft palled in the Fifty firft Year of the Reitrn of His prefent Majesty, for making and maintaining the faid Railway,	io33

evii. An Aft for making and maintaining a Railway from the End1 of the Llanvihangel Railway, in the Parifh of Llanvtbangel Cru-coney, in the County of Monmouth, to or near to the Twelfth Mile Stone, in the Road leading from the Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth, to the City of Hereford.	’	Ibid*

eviii. An Aft for rendering more effeftual an Aft of His prefent Majesty, for draining Lands lying on both Sides the River Witham, in the County of I ittcoln, and reftoring the Navigation of the faid River 5 and for repealing another Aft of His prefent Majesty, in relation to the faid Drainage and Navigation.	Ibid.

eix. An Aft for repairing the Parifh Church of Saint Sidwell, in the City and County of the City of Exeter.	Ibid.

ex. An Aft for repairing the Parifh Church of Bifbop Stcrtford, in the County of Hertford.	Ibid*

exi. An Aft for paving the Footpaths and for lighting and watching that Part of the Kent Street Road which leads from Kent Street End unto the Bridge next immediately below the Green Man Turnpike, fituated within the Parifh of Saint George the Martyr Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and certain public Streets, Squares, Lanes, Paflages and Places communicating therewith, refpeftrvely fituated within the faid Parifh, or within the Parifhes of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfey, and Saint Mary Newington, adjoining thereto ; and for removing and preventing Encroachments and Annoyances therein.	Ibid*

cxii. An Aft for lighting and watching the Road leading from Newington Butts to the Nag9s Head, on the Wdndjworth Road, and feveral other Roads and Places communicating therewith, fituate in the Parifhes of Saint Mary Lambeth, Clapham, and Batterfea, in the County of Surrey.	Ibid*

cxiii. An Aft for better	paving, lighting, watching, cleanfing and

otherwife improving the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick / and for regulating the Police and Markets of the faid Town.	1034

a 4	«xir.	Aa

VjOOQ 1C

xxiii

XX>

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

cxiv. An Adi for allowing further Time for the Completion of

Docks, Entrances and other Works and Buildings, belonging to the London Dock Company.	Page	+

cxv. An Adi for repairing the Road from Offham to Diubelliug9 irx the County of Suffex.	io3S

cxvi. An Adl for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or near Banner Croft, in the Weft Riding of the County of TTort9 through the Town (hip of Dorey to or near to Fox Houfe, in tJie County of Derby; and alfo a Branch from Dore aforefdid, to or near to Owlcr Bridge, in the faid'County of Derby.	Ibid*

exvii. An Adi for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majesty, for repairing Roads in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, fo far as the fame relate to the Flint, Holywell and Mojlyn Diftridls of Road.	Ibid.

cxviii. An Adi for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A&s of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to Aldermajlon Great Bridge, in the County of Berls.	Ibid\

cxix. An Adi for more effedlually repairing the Roads from Bury Saint Edmunds to Newmarket, and from Brandon to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge.	Ibid.

cxx. An Adi for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Adi pafTcd in the laft Seffion of Parliament, for making a Public Carriage Road from Kentijh Town to Upper Holloway, in the County of Middlefex.	Ibid.

exxi. An Adi for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Tidefwell to Blackwell, and thence to Sough Lane ; and alfo from Edenfor to djhford, all in the County of Derby %	1036

exxii. An Adi for making ai d maintaining a Road from the Eaft End of a Clofe called Lords Clofe9 in the Parifh of Brougham, in the County of Wcjlmorland, into the Towu of Penrith, in the County* of Cumberland, and for building a Bridge in the Line of the faid Road over the River Eamontf which divides the faid Counties of Wejltnorland and Cumberland.	Ibid.

cxxiii. An Adi for confirming and rendering valid and effedlual an Exchange made between Thomas Fowler Gentleman, and Mary his Wife, both deceafed, and the Vicar of Walberton, in the County of Suffex* of Lands and Hereditaments of the faid Thomas Fowler, in the Parifh of Walberton* for a fmall Part of the Glebe belonging to the faid Parifh.	Ibid.

$xxiv. An Adi for vefting Part of the fettled Eftates of Sir Mark Majlerman Sykes Baronet, in Truftees, to be fold, fubjedl to the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery; and for applying Part of the Purchafe Monies for the Pnrpofes therein mentioned, and for laying out the Refidue of fuch Purchafe Monies, under the like Diredlion, in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the former Ufes.	Ibid.

exxv. An Adi for iuclofing Lands in fuch Part of the Parifh of Eglwysfach as lies in the County of Denbigh, and in the feveral . Parifhes of Llanfaintffraid Gian Conway and Llanelian in Rhos9 in the fame County.	Ibid.

fxxvi. An Adi for incloftng Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Mtrricit in the County of	Tori.	Ibid,

7	cxxvii.	M

L,ooQle

{Local & Ptrfenal) J2* GEO. III.

cnvH. Aa AS. for inclofing Lands in Saint Mary Extra and SoutA Stoneham9 in the County of Southampton.	Page	1036

exxvifi. An AS for inclofing Laud* in the Manor of Afpatria, and in the feveral Parities of Afpatria, Brumfield and Allh allow sy in the County of Cumberland.	*037

cxxix. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Altkburghy m the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

oxx. An Ad for inclofing Lands in Thurlftone9 in the Parifh of Penxftone. and County of Pork.	Ibid.

cxxxi. Ad AS for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Afihal9 in the County of Oxford.	Ibid.

cxxxii. An AS for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Belton, in the County of Leicefier.	Ibid•

cxxxni. An Aft fur inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Itcben Abbas, in the County of Southampton.	Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act for inclofing Lauds in the Townfhip of Warthill9 io the County of Pork.	Ibid.

cxxit An AS for inclofing Lands <in the Manor of Great Bentley, m the County of EJfex.	Ibid.

cxxxvi. An AS for inclofing the Foreft of Deiameret in the County of Cbefier.	"	Ibid.

cxxxrii. An AS for enabling the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Dundas to fell certain Feu and Teind Duties and Cafualties of the Earldom of Orkney, and Lordfhip of Zetland, upon entailing Lands equivalent in Value thereto.	Ibid.

cxxxviii. An AS for maintaining the Road leading from the City of Cork to the Town of Traleey in the County of Kerry.	103$

cxxxix. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Old Furnace to Newbridge and Merthyr Tydvil9 ill the County of Glamorgan, and from Merthyr Tydvil to the Bridge over the River Taff9 which divides the Counties of Glamorgan and Brecon.

Ibid.

exL An AS to explain, amend and enlarge the Powers of certain Ads palled for making and maintaining The Grand JunQion Canal.

!bid.

cxli. An Ad for making and maintaining a navigable Canal with Aque-duds. Feeders and Refer voirs, from the Stort Navigation at or near Bi/hop9s Stortford, in the County of Hertford9 to join the River Cam, near Clayhithe Sluice, in the County of Cambridge9 with a navigable Branch or Cut from the faid Canal at Sawjlon to Whaddon9 in the County of Cambridge.	Ibid.

cxlii. An Ad for making and maintaining a Railway from Penrhyn• / mawr9 in the Parifh of Llanjibangel Efceifiog, to Redwharf in the Parifh of Llanbedrgoch9 in the County of An^leJ'ty; and alfo a Dgck in the Parifn of Llanbedrgoch aforefaid dia. An Ad for draining, inclofing and improving the Lands called Borough Fen Common9 and the Four Hundred Acre Common9 in the County of Northampton j and for forming the fame into a Parifh, to be called Newborougb ; and for building and endowing a Church for fuch Parifh.	Ibid.

rxKv. An Ad for forming into Townfhips certain Extraparochial Lands in Wildmort Fen, and in the Weft and Eafi Fensy in the County of Lineal*u	Hid.

f xlv. An



Google

till

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

exlv. An Aft for embanking The Hundred Feet Wajhes, in the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level.	Page	1039

cxlvi. An Aft for enabling The Highgate Archway Company to raife a further Sum of Money, to complete their Works. Ibid. cxlvii. An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majcfty, for erefting a bridge acrofs the River Thames, near Fauxhall, and making Roads thereto, in the Counties of Mid-dlefex and Surrey.	Ibid.

cxlviii. An Aft for eftablifhing a Ferry over the River Thames from Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to the IJle of Dogs, in the County of Middlefex, and for making and maintaining Roads to communicate therewith.	Ibid.

txlix. An Aft for widening and improving the Street or Road leading from Tower Hill to the Street called Upper Eajl Smithfeld, in the Parifli of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the County of Mid~ dlefex.	Ibid.

cl. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of King George the Firft, Two Afts of King George the Second, and an Aft of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Glou• cejler towards Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucefler.	Ibid.

di. An Aft for continuing the Term, and for altering and amending feveral Afts paffed in the Third, Twenty fourth and Forty third Years of His prefent Majesty, for repairing, amending and keeping in Repair, feveral Roads within the County of Carmarthen.

Hid.

clii. An Aft for making a new Branch of Road from the Town of Carmarthen to Laugher, in the County of Glamorgan, and another Branch of Road from the Great Mountain to Llandilo, in the fame County.	Ibid.

cliii. An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts pafTed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirtieth and Thirty fecond Years of His prefent Majesty, and of an Aft pafled in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majesty, for repairing feveral Roads in the Counties of Carlow, Kilkenny and Tipperary ; and alfo for more effeftually repairing and maintaining the Road leading from the Town of Clonmel, through the County of Waterford, to the Crofs Roads of Knocklofty, in the County of Tipperary. 1040 cliv. An Aft for making a Public Carriage Road from the prefent Turnpike Road, near the South End of Highbury Place, Iflington, to Haberdafhcrs Walk, in the Parifti of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlefex.	Ibid.

civ. An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of TwoAds of the Eleventh and Thirty fecond Years of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market Houfe in the Town of Great Faringdzn, in the County of Berks, to Bur-ford, in the County of Oxford.	Ibid.

clvi. An Aft to veft the Coins and Medals given by the Will of Robert Auflen Efquire, deceafed, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.	Ibid.

civil. An Aft for incorporating the Governors of the Free Grammar School of the Borough of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lan-eafler; and for enlarging the Trufts and Powers of the faid Governors, for the Benefit of the faid School.	Ibid.

clviii. Aa

vjjOOQIC

{Local £5* Perfona!) 52* GEO. HI.

«hrm. An AA toenable the Vicar, for the time being, of the Vicarage of Kidderminfier, in the County of Worcefier, to grant Building Leafes of certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the faid Vicarage, and to fell the prefent Vicarage Hdufe, Garden and Out Officet occupied therewith, and certain Part of the Glebe Land, and to purchase Land and build thereon a new Vicarage Houfe.

Page 1040

clix. An A A for dividing, allotting and inclofing Lands in the Tything or Hamlet of IVefi Compton, in the Parifh of Compton, in the County of Berks.	1041

«lx. An AA for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Wyfingfet other-wife Wbijfonfett, Stanfield and Homing toft, in the County of Norfolk*

Ilid.

dxi. An A A for inclofing and exonerating from Tythes Lands in the Parifh of Bravgbing, in the County of Hertford.	Ibid.

dxii. An Aft for inclofing and exonerating from Tithes l ands in the Manor and Parifh of Upton, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ibid.

dxiii. An AA for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Holbeacb and Whaplode, in	the County of Lincoln.	Ibid.

dxiv. An A A for inclofing Lands in Biddenbam, in the County of Bedford.	Ibid.

dxv. An AA to amend an AA of His prefent Majesty, for inclofing Lands in the feveral Parifhes of Llanarthney, Llanon, Llandebye and Llcmvibangel Aberbytbick, in the County of Carmarthen r Ibid. cbm. An AA for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Windlefham, in the County	of Surrey.	Ibid.

dxvii. An A A for inclofing Lands in Stagfden, in the County of Bedford.	Ibid.

cbmii. An AA for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and for felling Part of the laid Lands, and applying the Produce thereof in Aid of the Poors* Rates of the laid Parifh.	*	Ibid.

dxix. An AA for inclofing Lands in Llangefni, Llanddyfnan, Pen.

traetb and Cerrigceinwen, in the County of Anglefey.	1042

dxx. An AA for inclofing Lands in Barrington, in the County of York.	Ibid.

clxxi. An AA for difaforefting the Foreft of Parkburfi, in the County of Southampton, and for inclofing the Open Commonable Lands within the faid Foreft.	Ibid.

dxxiL An A A for altering and amending an AA of the Forty li; h Year of His prefent Majesty, for regulating the Police of the n i. v of Edinburgh, and the adjoining DiftriAs ; and for otii.r Pu.p relating thereto.	Ibid.

dxxiii. An AA for the Improvement of the Harbour of Kidwdiy, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, or l’r:..?; Rudus, in Kidwelly and Llanelly, and other Parifhes therein mcntiunvil, in the County of Carmarthen.	Ibid.

clxxiv. An AA for amending and rendering more eff- Aual an A A of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, lor embanking and draining certain Salt Marfhes in the Paiilhes of Stalding, Moulton, IVbap lode, Holbeeb and Cedney. in the County of Lincoln; and alfo for repealing fo much of an AA of the Th:rty fourth Year of His prefent Majesty as affecls the Marlhes <n.d



*XY«

*xyat

V

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Sand* on the Outfide of the Sea Bank, lately made by virt«c t , the fhrft mentioned Ad.	Page	104

dxxv. An Ad to alter and amend Two Ads of His prefent Majesty for enabling the feveral Perfons therein named to difpofe of oertati Houfes in and near Skinner Street, in the City of Louden 9 am Pickett Streeti Temple Bur, Wefimtnjlery by Lottery.	Jl>id

dxxvi. An Ad for exchanging a Fee Simple Eftate belonginer t< George Brooke Efquire, tor Eftates under Settlement, dcvifeci fcy the Will of the late Reverend John Brooke Clerk, in the Countiei of Salop, Stafford, Warwick and Montgomery.	Ibiel.

clxxvii. An Afct for effeduating an Exchange between Thomas William Coke Efquire, and the Truftees of his fettled Eftates.	104J

clxxviii. An Ad for veiling certain Eftates of John Graham Efquire, and John Smith Graham Gentleman, in Charles Court, in the Parifh of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middbfex, in Truftees* to be fold; and for applying the Purchafe Money in Difcharge of a Mortgage affeding the fame, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchafe of other Eflates to be fettled to the former Ufes.	Ibid.

elxxix. An Ad for veiling Part of the Eflates devifed by the Will of Elizabeth Jackfon, in Truftees, for Sale, and for applying the Purchafe Money in manner therein mentioned.	Ibid.

clxxx. An Ad for effeding the Sale of unfettled Freehold Eftates, belonging to Thomas Whitmore Wylde Browne, an Infant, in Fee Simple, and for invefting the Purchafe Monies in other Real Eftates, to be conveyed to the Infant in Fee Simple.	Ibid*

clxxxi. An Ad for incloling Lands in the Pariih of Wey otherwife Weyhill, within the Manor of Ramridge, in the County of Southampton, and in the Hamlet or Townihip of Applejhaw in the faid County.	Ibid*

clxxxii. A11 Ad for ereding a Court Houfe, County Houfe, or Sefiion* Houfe, for the Ufe of the City and County of Londonderry.	*	Bid,

lxxxiii. An Ad for increafing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleanf-ing, watering and repairing Blackfriars Bridge.	Ibid,

clxxxiv. An Ad for effeding the Sale of Part of the fettled Eftates of the Honourable Charles Cecil Cope Jenkinfon ; and for laying out the Money to arife by fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Eftates, and for fettling the fame to the former Ufes.	Bid,

clxxxv. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of King George the Second, and an Ad of His prefent Majesty, for the more effedual repairing and maintaining of the Piers and Harbour of Whitby in the County of Fork.	Hid,

-clxxxvi. An Ad for feparating the Management of the Harbour of Margate, in the County of Kent, from the Paving and Lighting of the Town of Margate, and for veiling the future Management of the faid Harbour in a Joint Stock Company of Proprietors. 1044 . elxxxvii. An Act for veiling the fettled Eftates in the County of Northampton of Richard Aldworth Griffin Lord Brayhrooke, and Part of the devifed Eftates in the County of Effex of John Griffin Lord Howard de Walden and Lord Braylrooke% deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold ; and for laying out the Monies thence arifing, under the Diredion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Hid,

«	clxxxviii.	Atr

CjOOQ 1C

{Local Ss* Perjbna!,) 52* GEO III.

abzxiiiL An Ad for farther continuing, until the Firft Day of Attgtsjl One thoufand eight hundred and fatten, and from thence until the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, the Powers of the Cemmiffionert appointed in purfuance of an Ad of the Forty ixth Year of Hit prefent Majefly, far enabling the CommUfioners a&ing in purfuance of an Agreement between the Eajl India Campeny and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Cat* netic, to carry the fame into EfFed.	Pag*	1044

docuix. An Ad for exchanging Part of the fettled Eftates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, fituate in the County of LacejUr, for Part of the unfettled Eftates of the (aid Earl, fituate in the County of Derby.	Ibid

cxc. An Ad to enable Francis Earl of Moira, and the Perfons entitled in Aererfion expedant on bis Eftate for Life, to grant Leafea of Mines and Mineral Property on their Eftates, in Ajhby de la Zoucb in the County of Lctceflcr, and Oaktborpe in the County of Derby.

Ibid.

«id An Ad for enabling the Right Honourable Montague Earl of Abingdon to grant Leales for Lives, or for Years determinable on lifts, of his fettled Eftates in the Pari flies of Cumner alias Camber, and Htnhfey, in the County of Berks, upon the Terms ud fubjed to the Reftridions therein mentioned.	Ibid.

•iciL An Ad for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, made and enterea into between the Right Reverend Fatlier in God John Lord Bifiiop of London, Sir John Frederick Baronet, Arthur Stanhope Efquire, Frederick Treife Morjbead Efquire, Sir John Morjbead Baronet, and Dame Elia.a* beth his Wife, and Selina ThiJUetb'wayte; and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal.	1045

siciii. An Ad to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to fell, and the Right Reverend the Lord Bilhop of London and his LelTees of the Eftate at Paddington, belonging lotheSreof London* to pprehafe certain Waters and Springs, and the Conduits and other Appurtenances thereto, within the feferal Parilhes of Mary le bone and Paddington, in the County of

XU*

Middlefea

Ibidf

ttciv. Aa Ad for veiling a Mefluage, with the Appurtenances, fituate in Devonjbire Square in the City of London, and a Meftuage and Lands fituate at IVimbIsdon in the County of Surrey, Pait of Eftates fittled by the Will of Abraham Aguilar deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold, and for other the Purpofes therein mentioned.	Ibid

excv. An Ad for making ami maintaining a navigable Canal from The Grand JunBSon Canal in the Parifh of Paddington, to the River Thames lU the Parilh of Limchoufe, with a Collateral Cut in the Parifh of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlefex. Ibid. ocfi. Au Ad for making a Pier and Landing Place at Ryde, in the IfiTof Wight.	Ibid.

cicvii. An Ad for watching and lighting Part of the Hi^h Road leading from London to Croydon, commencing at the Turnpike Gate at Kennington, in the Parifh of Saint Mary Lambeth, ia the County of Surrey, and leading from thence on the Line of the fai4 Road, to Brixton Hill, aud a* far as the faid Parilh extends in that Diredioa.	Ibid

exetiii Aa Ad for amending an Ad of His prefent Majesty, fof sukiug a Road from the Kent Road in the. County of Surrey, to

Oxford

VjOOQLC



XXX

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Deptford in the County of Kent, and a Branch therefrom to HorJUy-down, in the faid County of Surrey•	Pag* 1 046

cxcix. An A& for enlarging the Term and Power* of Two Aft* of King George the Second, and Two A6U of Hi* prefent Majefly,for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Saint John s Bridge, in the County of Gloucejler.	HidL

cc. An Aft for enabling the Devifees in Truft named in the Will of George Shaw deceafed. to grant Building Leafes of certain Eftates fituate in the Parifh of SaintDunjlan Stepney otherwife Stehunheath, in the County of Middlefex, thereby devifed.	Ibid.

cci. An Aft for vefting in Truftees Part of the Great Tithes of the Prebend of Beachill and Knarejbrough, in the County of York, iu Truft, to be fold ; and for laying out the Monies thence arifing, in the Purchafe of Eftates to be fettled and annexed to the faid Prebend,	Ibid.

ccii. An Aft for enabling the Truftees of the fettled Eftates of *■ Edmond Waller Efquire, deceafed, to raife Money upon Mortgage of the lame Eftates, for the Purpofeof fatisfying the Fines payable to the Bifhop of Winchejler, for the JLeafe of the Manor of Moreton, in the County of Buckingham ; and for vefting the faid Leafehold Premifes in the Truftees upon Trufts, correfponding to the Ufes of the fettled Eftates.	Ibid.

•ciii. An Aft for vefting th? devifed Eftates of John Price Efquire, deceafed, in Truftees, upolj Truft to fell certain Parts thereof, and out of the Purchafe Money to difeharge a Mortgage Debt due to the Reprefentatives of Charles Gore Efquire, deceafed, and to lay out the Refidue, under the Direftions of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, and to ftand feifed of and convey the Eftates to be fo purchafed, as well as thofe remaining unfold, to the Ufcs of the faid John Price's Will.	IbidL

cciv. An Afl for vefting Part of the fettled Eftates of Maurice Nugent O'Connor Efquire, in the County of Rofcommon, in Ireland, in Truftees, to be fold for Payment of Incumbrances, and for fettling other Eftates in the King's County, in Ireland, in lieu of the Ellates fo to be fold.	1047

ccv. An A£t to enable the Dean of Saint Paul London to grant a Leafe of MefTtipges, Tenements, Lands and Hereditaments in the Parilh of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlefex, and to enable the Lelkes to grant Sub Leafes for building on and repairing that Eftate.	Ibid.

$cvi. An Act for effedluating an Exchange of the Advowfon of the Re&ory of the Church of South Cove in the County of Suffolk, belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowfon of the Re&ory of the Church of Depding otherwife Depden, iu tbe fame County, belonging to Sir Thomas	Gooch Baronet.	Ibid*

ccvii. An A<51 for vefting Part of the devifed Eftates of George Philippe Efquire, deceafed, fituate in the County and County Borough of Carmarthen in Truftees ; to be fold, and for laying out the Monies thence arifing in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Hid.

ccviii. An A6t for inclofmg Lands in the Manor of Beddivgton, with the Manor of Bandon, in the County of Surrey.	Hid,

Cci*. An A6t for building a new Prifon in the City of London, for removing thereto Prifouer* confined under Civil Procels in the Gaol

{Local Js* Perform!, net printed) 5 2* GEO. III.

of Negate and the Two Compters of the faid City*, and alfo the Prifooof Ludgate, and for converting the Building now containing the (aid Two Compters and Ludgate into a Gaol for Criminals in the (aid Two Compters and into a Houfe of Correction for the faid City of London.	Poge 1047

•or. An ACt for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to improve and grant Building Leafes of the Ground in Moorfields; alfo to fell all the Ground comprifed in loch Leafes wheo improved, and to apply the Produce thereof towards increafing the Orphans Fund.	Ibid.

ccxi. An Ad for the further Improvement of Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey.	1048

ccziL An Aft for allotting Lands in the Parities of Longham, Kemp-Jon, Aide bam, and Beejfon next Milebam, in the Countv of Norfolk.

Ibid.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

NOT PRINTED.

I. A N Aft for naturalizing Chrijlian Dietrichfen.

3.	xV An Act for incloling Lauds in the Parifh of Nettleton, ia the County of Wills.

3.	An Ad for inclofmg Lands in the Parilh of Brandon Parva otherwife Little Brand\ in the County of Norfolk.

4.	An Act for incloling Lands in the Hamlet or Chapelry of Hold• fajl, in the Parilh of Ripple, in the County of Worcejler.

[.And for moling Compenfaticn for Tithes.']

5.	An Ad for inclofmg Lands in Iloningham, in the County of Norfolk.

6.	An Ad for inclofmg Lands in the Iiland and Parilh of Weft Tbomey, in the County of Siftex.

[Andfor making Compcnfalion for Tithes.]

7.	An Ad for incloling Lands in Lindley, in the Parilh of Hud• dersfteld, in the Weil Riding of the County of Tori.

[Andfor making Compcnfitionfor Tithes.]

I. An Ad for incfoCng Lands in the Parilh of Toft, in the County* of Cambridge.

9.	An Ad lor incloling Lands in the Parilh of Wormington, in the County of Glouaftcr.

[Andfor making Compenfntion for Tithes.]

10.	An Ad for inclofmg L inds in the Parilh of Charlton Horethorne, iatbe County of Somerft.

11.	An Ad for incloling Lands in the Parilh of Gujfage Saint Michael, in the County of Dorfet.

12.	An Ad for incloling Lands in the Parifh of Shipfion upon Slower, in the County of IVorafter.

13.	An Ad for incloling Lands in the Townlhip of Body moor Heath, or Heath Houfes, ill the County of Warwick.

14.	An Ad for incloling Lands in the Parilh s of Ofmondefton other-wife Scole and Frcnze, in the County of Norfolk*

15. Aa

xxxi



vutii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

1$. An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the ‘Parifh of Palgraw, in the County of Suffolk

16.	An Ad for inclofmg Lands in the Parifh of Milbomc Port, in the County of Somerfet.

17.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Earjham^ Ditch-ingham and Hedenham, in the County of Norfolk.

18.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Horjbam, in the County of Suffex.

[.And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

19.	An Ad for naturalizing David Bromer.

20.	An Ad for naturalizing Andrew Boyefon.

21.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Hamlets of Greet and Stsdefy Tenements, in the Parifh of Winchcomb, in the County of Ghucrjler.

[Amifor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

22.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Haresfeld, in the County of Gloutefler.

■ ‘	[And for making Compenfation for Tithes. ]

23.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Longney, in the County of Gloucejler.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

24.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in Little Paxton, in the County of

Huntingdon.	[Andfor making Compevfiiion for Tithes.]

25.	An Ad for allotting and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parifhes of Brocklejby and Great Limber, in the Couzty rf Lincoln.

26.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Great Wratting otherwise Talworth Wratting, in the County eft Suffolk.

27.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Witton, BaBon% Edingthorpe and Pajlon, in the County of Norfolk.

28.	An Ad for inclofing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parifh of Hillingdon, in the County of Middlefcx.

29.	An Ad for naturalizing John Didcrich Rucker.

30.	An Ad for naturalizing Frederick Charles Meyer.

31.	An Ad for naturalizing Charles Green.

32.	An Ad for naturalizing Elifee Hubert Defvignes.

33.	An Ad to relieve*the Honourable John Bruce Richard O'Neill, who was eleded to ferve in this prefent Parliament for the County of Antrim, from certain Penalties which he has incurred by fitting and voting in the Houfe of Commons without having taken the Oaths, and in other Refpeds conformed to the Laws in fuch Cafe made and provided.

34.	An Ad for vetting certain Manors and Hereditaments fituate in the Parifh of Littlebury, in the County of Effex, Parts of the fettled Eflates of the Right Honourable Frederick William Earl of Briftoly in/Truftees, upon Truft to fell; and for laying out the Monies arifing from fuch Sale in the Purchafe of more convenient Eilates ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

35.	An Ad for dividing Lands in the Parifh of Oufden otherwife Owfden, in the County of Suffolk.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

36.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Newton upon Ouze, and in the Townfhip of Shipton, in the Parifh of Overton, in the County of Fork.

[And for making Compenfation for Tubes.]

37.	Aa



Google

A-----V

(Local Ejf Terfonal, not printed) 5 2° GEG.'IIL

XSWt

J7* An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Parifh of Qnfftnn, n the County of Warwick.

[And for making Compenfation for Tabu ]

38.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in North Lopham and South Lopham, in the County of Norfolk•

39.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Parifh of LidgaU, in the County of Suffolk.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

40.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Patifbua of IVymering and Wtdltji and Hamlets of Cojbam and Hilfta, on the South Side of PortJAoum Hill, in the County of Hants.

41.	An Ad for inclofmg Lands in the Parifh of Ovingtou, iu the County of Southampton.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

42.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Parifh of Piuxton, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham•

43.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Townfhip and Manor of Stmaburn, in the Countv of Cumberland.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes. ]

44.	An Ad for inckifincr Lands in the Townfhipi of Eaglesjield and Blindbotbely in the Manor of Five Towns with Eaglesjield, in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compesfation for Tithes

45* Ai Ad for inciofing Lands in the Parifh of Baeffey, in the County of Worcejler.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

46.	An Ad tor inciofing Lands m the Parifh of Hampton, in the County of Oxford.

[Andfor nuking Compenfation for Tithes.]

47.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Parifh of Edgefieldin the County of Norfolk.

4g. An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Manor and Townfhip of Ackton, in the Parifh of Featherfone, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork. [Allotment to His MajeRyA

49.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Panin of Cold Higham with Grimfcote, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguifhing the Tithes thereof, and of Potcote, in the faid Parifh.

50.	An Ad for inciofing Lands within the Townfhip of Brinfworth, in the Cojmty of Tork.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

Ji. An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Parifhea of Barton Hartfborne and Chetwode, in the County of Buckingham.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

32.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Manor of Clayhidon, in the Parifh of Clayhidon, in the County of Devon.

53.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Parifh of Pehworth, in the County of Gloucejler•

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes-3

54.	An Ad for inciofing Lands within the Parifh of Rothwell other] wife Rowell, in the County of Northampton.

'hure, in a* County of

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes .1 for inciofing Lands in Kirkhy TL

55. Aa Ad for i IVfmorion d.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.2 $2 Gto. III.	b



56. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of AJlon uport Carrant and Pamington Home downs, in the Parifh of A/bchtnxh, in the County of Gloucrfler.

f Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

57.	An Ad tor inclofing Lands in the feveral Parifhes of Llanelly, Llangenech and Hanedy, within the Commot of Canawllon, in the Lordfhip of Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen•

58.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Stapleford* in the County of Cambridge.

£And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Wejl Wickham, in the County of Cambridge.

[ And for making Compenfation for Tithes.2

60.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Brockham and Haft B etch worth, within the Parifh of Bet eh worth, in the County of Surrey.

61.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Llanrhyftid, and

the feveral other Parifhes therein mentioned in the County of Cardigan.	[ Allotment to	His	MajeflyA

62.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the feveral Parifhes of Llanfynydd,

Llanegwad, Llangatben and Llanfibangel Kilvargan, in the County of Carmarthen•	[.Allotment to His Majejly.\

63.	An Ad for naturalising Jean de Courtenay.

64.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Creech Saint Michael, in the County of Somerfet.

65.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townfhips of Barton under Needwood and Tatenhill, in the Parifh of Tatenhill, and in the Townfhips of Toxall and Hoarcrofs, in the Parifh of Toxall, and in the Townfhips of Nethertown and Hampftall Ridware, in the Parifh of Hampjlall Ridware, in the County of Stafford.

[Allotment to His Majefly. No Leafe of Lands allotted to ReOor of Tatenhill, without Confent of His Majejly as Patron erf the Ad* vowfon.']

66.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Hamlet of Martin in the Parifh of Great Bed win, in the County of Wilts.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes. ]

67.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in Saffron Walden, in the County of Effex.

6P>. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Llanrwfi, in the Counties of Denbigh and Carnarvon.

[Allotment to His Mayfly.]

69.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Weft Buck I and, in the County of Somerfet.

70.	An Ad for incloling Lands in the Parifh of Poling, in the County of Suffex,

71.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in Chalton, Catherington, ClanfcU, Blendworth and Idfworth, in the County of Southampton.

72.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Much Birch and Little Birch, in the County of Hereford.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

73.	An Ad to difTolve the Marriage of Richard Moore Efquire with Sidney Arabella Moore his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.



74. A«

(Local £3* Perfmaly not printed) 52* GEO. III.

74- An Aft to difTohre the Marriage of John Blackford Efquire, with Maris Camilla Blackford his now Wife, and to enable him to many again ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

75.	An A!ft Tor inciofing Lands in the Parifh of Ncvin, and other

Fviihet and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Carnarvon.	[Allotment to Hit Majefiy.']

76.	An Aft for inciofing Lands in the Parifhes of Penmorfa,

Do&amarn a	le	County of Camar-

77.	Aa Aft to	 a	valid	Settlement	on

the Marriage intended between him and Anne Salvin Spinfter, notwithftanding his Minority,



r



Google

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quinquagefimo Priino.

•	\ Ttbe Parliament begun and holden at Wejlminjlcr the T went r-B l\ fecond Day of Junes Anno Domini 1807, in the Forty-feventh

•	Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third,

•	by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain

*	aod Ireland* King, Defender of the Faith ; and from thence con* 1 tinned, by federal Prorogations, to the Seventh Day of January 4 1812, being the Sixth Seffion of the Fourth Parliament of tlrc 4 United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.*

CAP. I.

An Ad for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt* Sugar, Tobacco and SnufF in Great Britain ; and on Pen-fions. Offices and Perfonal Eftates in England, for the Scr* vice of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.

[4th February 1812.]

XXXVI. PROVIDED always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this A d contained (hall eltend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge or to authorize the deducing from or affefling any Perfon under any of the Provilions of this Ad, upon any Annuity, Penfion or Stipend paid to fuch Perfon on account of his hating been Or sctethas a Minifter or Refident at any foreign Court.

‘ XXXIX. And whereas by the faid Ad paffed in the Thirty 4 eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled, An 4 AS for nulling perpetual, fubjcS to Redemption and Purcbafe in the ‘ Manner therein jiated, the feveral Sums of Money now charged in 4 Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth 4 Day of March One thoufandf even hundred and ninety eight (nj, it 4 to enaded, That the feveral Duties impofed on Sugar by Tptee

*	Ads of the Twenty feventh, Thirty fourth and Thirty fcventh

*	Yean of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, on Malt, by an Ad 4 made in the Twenty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majesty, and the Duties of Excife on Tobacco and Snuff, by in 4 Aft made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of Hisprefertt 4 Majesty, ihoiild continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of 4 March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine, and no longer, 1 bat fhoald from thenceforth ceafe and determine, unlefs the fame 1 ihould be fpedally continued by Parliament; which faid fertrtd

(a) [$<rr 42 G. 3. a 116. § t.]

{2 Geo. Ill,	£	1	Duties



Penfiom tt> foos who have a&ad u Minif-

tcr*, &c n foreign Couiu not liable.

38 0.S. *.*>.

39 G. 3. c.3.

49 G. 3. c.9S.

40 G. 3. c. 69.

putictonFugir, 3a*. continued.

40 G. 3. c. 61.

£

C. i,2.	5a0	GEO.	III.	A.D.	18

*	Duties were, by an Ad made and paffedin the Thirty ninth Y

*	of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled, An Ad for < 4 tinuing and granting to His Mnjejty a Duty on Penftonsy Offices

4 Per/onal F.Jlates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick, uj

*	Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Sntrffi*

4 the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninrtjr n 4 further continued until the Twenty lifth Day of March One tb 1 fand eight hundred, and which, by feveral lubieqiient Ads, w

*	further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One th

*	fand eight hundred and eleven s And whereas, by an Ad pafTec

*	the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelty,

4 titulcd, An Ad for repeating the feveral Duties of Qufloms char 4 able in Great Britain, and fur granting other Duties in lieu thar< 4 the faid feveral Duties on Sugar were repealed, and other Dut

*	granted on Sugar in lieu thereof: And whereas, by another P 4 pa (Ted in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent KCajei

*	intituled, An Ad to repeal the Duties of Excife payable in Gn

*	Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, certain of the f;

*	Duties on Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snu 4 and certain Duties on Tobacco, were repealed, and other DutJ

*	granted in lieu thereof: And whereas the faid Duties granted I 4 the faidlaft recited Ads were continued until the Twenty fifth X). 4 of March One thoufaud eight hundred and eleven : And where

*	the faid Duties on Sugar, and the faid Duties on Malt, Tobac< 4 and Snuff, together with the faid Duties relating to Licences ai

Tobacco, were, by an Ad paffed in the Fifty firft Year of tl 4 Reign of His prefent Majesty, further continued until the Twent 4 fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve :* I it further enaded, That the faid feveral Duties on Su^ar, Malt, Tc bacco and Snuff, and the faid Ads granting and continuing the fam< and all the Provifions thereof, (hall be and the fame are hereby fev< rally and refpedively further continued from and after the Expiratio of the time limited asaforefaid, uiitiithe Twenty fifth Day of Marc One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; and all Monies anfinj thereby, which (hall be paid into the faid Receipt of the Exchequer (hall be entered feparate and diilind from all other Monies paid an< payable to His Majeity.

[This AQy except the Claufcs above inferted9 is fimilarto 51G. J. c.2.[

CAP. II.

An Aft to permit Sugar, the Produce of Martinique and othei conquered I (lands in the Wejl Indies, to be taken out of Warehoufe on the Payment of the like Rate ol Duty for Wafte as Britijh Plantation Sugar. [4th February 1812.]

*	TT J HE RE AS, by an Ad paffed in the Forty ninth Year of the 4 VV Rdgn of His prefent Majesty, intituled. An Ad for making 4 Sugar and Coffee of Martinique and Mariegalante liable to Duty on 4 Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the Britifh Plantations, Sugar, 4 the Growth, Produce or Manufadure of the Iiland of Martinique9 4 imported into this Kingdom, is fubied to the Payment of fuch Du-

•	ties, and alfo to fuch Rules, Regulations and Reftridions, Penal-4 ties and Forfeitures, as are by Law impofed and provided in the

4	cafe



Google

A«D.i8t2.

3

s*° geo. m.

4 cafe of Importations of Sugar 30t of the Britifh Plantations ; and 4 by another Ad, palled in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His 50G.3. c.6i.

•	Cud Maje&y, intituled, An A3 for making Sugar and Coffee of Gua-

•	daloupe. Saint Euftatia, Saint Mirtin and Saba, liable to the fame

•	Duty on Importation at Sugar and Coffee not of the Britifh Plantations,

4 Gmilar ProviGon i* made as to Sugu the Growth, Produce or Ma-4 nufadnre of Guadaloube : And wleivas, by an Ad parted iu the

4 Forty third Year of His faid Majesty's Reign, intituled, An A3	C*

4 for permitting certain Goods importedinto Great Britain to be fecured	*

4 in Warcboufe without Payment of Lusty, when any Goods, Wares 4 or Merchandize are intended to betaken out of or from any Ware-4 houfe or Place in which the fame (hal have been lodged orfecured 4 at cording to the Diiedions of the hid Ad, for the Purpofe of 4 Exportation, tlie proper Officer or Oficcrs of the Cullomsare re-4 quired to reexamine the fame; and in cafe it (hall appear on fuch 4 Re-examination that the Quantity is Ids than the Quantity taken 4 be the proper Officer or Officers of th« Curtoms by virtue and iri 4 purfuance of the faid Ad at the fir ft Zxami nation thereof, then 4 and m fuch cafe the Importer or Imptrter?, Proprietor or Pro-4 prictors. Consignee or Confignees of tuch Goods, Wares or Mer-4 chandize, or the Perlon or Perfons intending to take out the fame,

•	are, before the fame are fo delivered out oI the Warehoufe for the 4 Purpofe atorefaid, to make a due Entry of iuch deficient Quantity,

4 snd^jay to the proper Officer or Officers cf the CuMoms the full 4 Duties of Cuftoms thereon: And whereai it would not be rea-

•	finable to fubjed the Importers. Proprietors or Confignees, or the 4 Perfons intending to take out of the Warehoifes any fuch Sugar,

4 the Growth, Produce or Manufacture cf Martinique, Mariegalante,

4 Saint Euftatia, Saint Martin, Saba or Guadalotpe, to the Payment 4 of the high Duties upon fuch Deficiencet;* Beit therefore enaded by the King's Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and w'.th the Advice and Coufirat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

prefect Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That On nweiJjmg wheaever, upon the reweighing any Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of the Idands of Martinique, Mariegalante, Saint Ev	».ot

ftatia, Saint Martin, Saba or Guadaloupe, for the Purpofe of Ex* chargeable with portation, it (hall appear that the Weight of the Sugar is lefs than higher Diujn ban when taken account of by the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuf- j*uS*r toms at the firft Examination thereof, the Importer or Importers,

Proprietor or Proprietors, Confignee or Confignees, of luch Sugar, or the Perfon or Perfons intending to take out the fame, /hall not be fabjc& to the Payment of any higher Rate of Duty for the deficient Quantity than what is charged and payable upon the Importation of Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufadure of the Britifh Plantations at the time the Sugar (hall be reweighed for the Purpofe of Exportation; any thing contained in any Ad or Ads of Parlia* ant to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. III.

An Ad to revive and continue, until the Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, fo much of an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefect JUajefty, to prohibit the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or

4

A.D.f$U'

C- 3-

520 GEO. III.

O G. 8. €. 7.

RpvivrH, tnil comimwl lill Dec. 1)1, 1913.

H» Majesty may, after Oc\. 1. *1812, permit Diftillation fniui Grain (Wheat excepted),

of mar ptohihH file DiAillatioti f«*r a lo»-ger Veruxl.

Grain, in the United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain; and to revive and continue another AGt made in the Forty ninth Year aforefiid, to fulpend the Importation of Britijb or Irijb-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland refpec-tively ; and for granting crrtain Duties on Worts or Wafh made from Sugar during tie Prohibition of Difiiilation from Com or Grain in Great Iritain.	[7th February 1812.]

1 TT 7 HE REAS it is expedient that an Aft made in the Forty • VV ninth Year of tlie Reign of His prefeat Majesty* intituled,

4 An Ad to prohibit the Di/kllation of Spirits from Corn or Grain 4 in the United Kingdom for a limited lime* mould be revived and 4 continued for a time to be limited, as far as the fame regards 4 Great BritainBe it tlurefore enafted by the King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and wth the Advice and Coufent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, aid Commons, in this prefent Parliament a (Tern bled, and by the Aithority of the fame. That, from and after *the Eighth Day of Febrtary One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, the faid Aft (hall, and the fame is hereby, as far as the fame regards that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and as far as the fame is not abered by this Aft, revived, and (hall remain and continue in force from thenceforth, until and upon the Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.

II. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe Hrs Majesty, at any time after the Firft Day of Oftober One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, (hall in His Royal Difcretion judge it to he for the Benelt and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, to permit the making of Worts or Wafti for Diftillation from Oats, Barley, or any other Corn or Gram (Wheat excepted), or from Malt, Flour or Bran, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be iflued by and with the Ad-vice of His Privy Council, or by His Maiefty’s Order in Council, to he publiftied from time to time in The JLondon Gazette* to permit and fuffer all and every Perfon or Perfon* (but not any particular Perfon or Perfons), at any time or times, not lefs than Thirty Days from the Date of fuch Proclamation or Order in Council, to make Worts or Waih for Diftillation from Oats, Barley, or any other Corn or Grain (Wheat excepted), or from any Malt, Flour or Bran ; or io cafe His Majesty, at any time after the faid Firft Day of Odokr One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, (hall in His Royal Difcrr-tion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, further to continue the Prohibition of the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain from the faid Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parlia-ment, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be iflued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majesty’s Order in Council, to be publiftied from time to time is The London Gazette* to continue throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain* from the faid Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, until Forty Days after the ne&t Meeting of Parliament, the Prohibition hereinbefore

mentioned;



Google

52’ GEO. nr.

3-

mentioned ; that h to fay, that throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, during the Continuance of fttch’ Prohibition, no Worts or Waflt for Diftillation (hall be made frdm Oats, Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, or from Malt, Flour or Braa, or any- Mixture with the fame.

III. Ana be it further enafted, That all and every Diftiller and Diftdlers, and Maker and Makers of Spirits, (hall, on or before the Twenty fecond Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, dftil into Spirits all the Worts or Wafh brewed or made from Mah, Com or Grain which (hall, on the faid Eighth Day of February Oae thonfand eight hundred and twelve, be in his, her or tbetr Cuftody or PofTellion, on Pain of forfeiting alt fuch Wort or Walh which (halt, after the faid Twenty fecond Day of February One thonfand eight hundred and twelve, be found by any Officer or Of-ftcen of Excifr, or be in the Cutlody or Pofleffion of any fuch Diftiller or Dffiiiers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits ; and no Diftiller or Diftillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, (hall diflblve, mix or brew any Sugar for the making of Worts or Wadi for extracting Spirits, until all the Worts or Wafh brewed or made from Corn or Grain which (hall have been in the Cuftody or PofTellion of fuch DiftQkr or D.(tillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, on the Eighth Day of February One thonfand eight hundred and twelve, (hall have been actually di(filled into; Spirits of the Second Extraction, by tbe Space of Four Days at the leaft, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fite hundred Pounds.

• IV. And whereas an Aft was made in the faid Forty ninth Year 4 of the Reign of His faid Majesty, intituled, An AM to fufpend 4 tbe Importation of Britilh or W\ft\-marie Spirits into Great Britain

*	or Ireland refpedively, until the Firjl Day of June One thoufand eight 4 hundred and nine, which Aft was further continued by another Aft 4 paSrd in the Forty ninth Year aforefaid, until the Twenty fifth

*	Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and was 4 furrier continued by another Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of the ‘ Reign of His prefent Majesty : And wherea3 it is expedient that 4 all the Provifions for preventing the Importation of Britifh or Irijh* 4 made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland rcfpeftively (hould be 4 further continued Be it therefore enafted, That all the Powers and Provifions m the faid Aft intituled as laft aforefaid contained, except as far as refpefts the Remiflion of the Penalty for the Forfeiture of any Spirits arriving in Great Britain or Ireland refpec-tively, within a time therein limited, (hall continue and be in force from tbe Commencement of this Aft, until Four Months after the Expiration of the time which (hall be fixed under the Authority of this Ad, for prohibiting the Diitillation of Spirits from Grain in CrcM Britain.

4 V. And whereas during the Continuance of the Prohibition of

*	the Diftillatton of Spirits from Corn or Grain it will be expedient 4 to encourage the Diftillation of Spirits from Sugar, and alfo to

*	modify and regulate the Duties to be levied and the Drawbacks to 4 be allowed f Be it therefore enafted, That for and during the Period of time in which, by or under the Authority of this Ad, the DdhQation of Spirits from Corr\ or Grain in Great Britain (hall be prohibited, all and (ingular the Duties of Excife on Worn or Walh wswed or made m England or Scotland rcfpeftively, for extracting

3 3	ooglesPinU>

DtAillers to dm Wort* in Pof-frlUon before Feb. *2, IBIS.

T entity.

Not to difTbNe Sugar till fuel Wort (hall have been HHWIea Four Day*.

Feuaky..

49 G. a. c. t.

49 G. 9. c. 105. 50G.3. c.5§a.

Ptnven continued. Kxcepxiou.

Duties on Spirits diddled from Grain, and Drawbacks, f if-[ended.

6

A.D.iUt>

Ufr of MtierUI, except Oai», &c. ju the brewing of Wort in Scotland, fufpended.

When Prohibition ccafn. f «f-peirded Duties at.d Drawbacks revived.

Inftead nf fuf-pended Duties, the following paid fwr Worts made from Sugar, tkC.

C*3.	5^ GEO. III>

Spirits 5 and all and Angular the Duties on Splits made or diftittei in Scotland, and on Aqua-vita or Strong Waters made or diitdled in Ireland and imported into Great Britain; and alfo the Duties on Licences on the Content or Capacity of Stills ufed or employed in Scotland, for making or diddling Low Wines or Spirits'; and alfo all and lingular the Duties on Spirits made or diddled in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, and vice verfa; and alfo all and lingular the Drawbacks on the Exportation of any fuch Spirits, (hall be and the fame are hereby fufpended, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpi lively, which (hall or may remain unpaid ; or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpe&ively, which lhall have been incurred at any time before or on the Day upon which fuch Prohibition of Dillillation from Com or Grain lhall commence and take effect.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Prohibition of the Ufe of any Material or Commodity whatfoever, in the making or brewing of Wort or Walh for diddling or extracting Spirits \n the Highlands of Scotland\ except Oats or Barley, or Bear or Bigg of the Growth of the faid Highlands, lhall alfo be fufpended during the Period of time that the Diftillation of Spirits from Com or Grain (hall by or under the Authority of this Adi be prohibited ; any thing in this or any other Adi of Parliament to the contrary in airy wife not-withdanding.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That when and fo foon as any fuch Prohibition as aforefaid, of the Ufe of Corn and Grain in the Didillation of Spirits, (hall ceafe and determine, all and Angular the Duties, Drawbacks, Provilions, Rules, Regulations, Reftrittions, and alfo the Prohibition which by this Ad are or lhall be fufpended, lhall be revived, and the fame are hereby in fuch cafe declared to revive and become in full Force and Effcd to all Intents and Pur* pofes what foe ver.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That in lieu and inftead of the Duties hereby fufpended, there (hall, during fuch Sufpcnfion, he railed, levied, colleded and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, the feveral Rates and Duties of Excife hereinafter men* tioned ; that is to fay,

• For every Gallon of Wort or Walh brewed or made for extracting

Sirits in England for Home Confumption from Sugar, an Excife lty of One Shilling and Eight pence :

For every Gallon Englijh Wine Meafure of Wort or Walh brewed or made from Sugar, for extrading Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland for Confumption in Scotland, an Excife Duty of Eight pence Farthing:

For every Gallon Englijh Wine Meafure of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and lo in Proportion for evenr higher or lower Degree of Strength, which lhall be made or di (tilled to the Lowlands of Scotland for Confumption in Scotland, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and reftri&ed to be diflilled by or from each Still, to be paid over and above the Duty on the Licence or Content of the Still, and the Duty on tl*e

f fort or Walh from which fuch Spirits may be made or diftilled, an xcife Duty of Five pence :



Google

For

A.D.i$i2.	52°GEO. III.	C.	3.

For every Gallon EngTifb Wine Meafure of the Cubical Content cr Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube or other Apparatus therewith connetled, under whatever Name or Denomination the firne may be called or known, as high as the Steam can afcend, and until the Top of the Head fhall turn downwards, and form an Angle of Forty five Degrees, which fhall be ufed or employed for the Pur-pole of making or diflilling Low Wines or Spirits from Sugar in the Lowlands of Scotland for Confumption in Scotland, an Excife Duty of One hundred and fixty two Pounds f :

For every Gallon Englijb Wine Meafure of Wort’or Wafh brewed or made from Sugar for extrafting Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland for Confumption in the faid Highlands, an Excife Duty of Seven pence:

For every Gallon Englijb Wine Meafure of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and fo in Proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength which (hall be made or dif-tiued in the Highlands of Scotland for Confumption in the faid Highlands, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and reminded to be diflilled by or from each Still, to be paid over and above the Duty on the Licence or Content of the Still, and the Duty on the Wort or Wafh from which fuch Spirit may be made or diflilled, an Excife Duty of Five pence :

For every Gallon of Englijb Wine Meafure of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube or other Apparatus therewith conoe&ed, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the Steam can afcend, and until the Top of the Head fhall turn downwards and form an Angle of Forty five Degrees, which fhall be ufed or employed for the Purpofe of making or diflilling Low Wines or Spirits f in the Highlands of Scotland lor Confumption in the faid Highlands, an Excife Duty of Five Pounds :

For every Gallon Englijb Wine Meafure of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and fo in Proportion for any higher Degree of Strength, made or diflilled from Corn or Grain in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof, an Excife Duty of Eight Shillings and Thiee pence : For every Gallon Engltjh Wine Meafure of Spirits of which an Account fhall have been taken in purfuance of this Act, of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, made or di&iUed from Com or Grain in Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into England, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof, an Excife Duty of Nine Shillings and Five pence Halfpenny :

For every Gallon Englijb Wine Meafure of all fuch Spirits as laflf aforrfud, of a greater Strength than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer ProoL and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof,Jan Excife Duty of Nine Shillings and Five pence Halfpenny 5 and alfo a further Ex* dfe Duty, proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which fuch Spirits fhall exceed the faid Strength of One to Ten over Hydro-

B 4	meter

t Sic.

f Sic.

v^ooQle

C* 3*

520 GEO. III.

A,D.i8i2.

Fliiu unions.

meter Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof:

For every Gallon Engli/b Wine Meafure of Spirits of the Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Pi oof, and fom Proportion for any higher Degree of Strength, made or diddled in England (rom Sugar, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof, an Excife Duty of Six Shillings and Three pence Halfpenny :

For every Gallon Engli/b Wine Meafure of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, made or diddled in Scotland from Sugar, and imported and brought from thence into England, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof, an Excife Duty of Seven Shillings and Eleven pence Farthing:

For every Gallon Engli/b Wine Meafure of all fuch Spirits as lift aforefaid, of a greater Strength than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three her Centum over and above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excife Duty pf Seven Shillings and Eleven pence Farthing; and alfo a further Excife Duty proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which fuch Spirits (hall exceed the faid Strength of One to Ten over Hydro-meter Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof:

Additional Duty For all Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua-vita, or Strong Waters (exon Rum, &c. not cept Rum of the Produce of the Briti/b Plantations), imported into of the Britilh Great Britain, and for which the Duties chargeable thereon (hall not have been paid on the Fourteenth Dav of January One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, or imported after that Day, an additional Duty of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings ter Centum upon the Produce and Amount of the feveral Duties of Excife impofed for or in refpeft thereof by any Aft or Afts of parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Aft.

IX. And be it further enafted. That fuch of the Duties by this Aft impofed, as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called England, (hall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife in England for the time being ; and that fuch Part thereof as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

Officers of Excife	X. And be it further enafted, That every Officer of Excife iu

tp allowDiftUlm England, having any Still or Still Houfe, or other Place ufed for Cr^tfoTai*	Furpofe	of	making	or	diddling Spirits under his Survey, (hall

Gallonsof Spirits	Accounts in bis Books of all Worts and Wadi whereon

of one to 10 over the Duties are by this Aft impofed, and (hall in his faid Books give Proof for ioo untp the feveral Didillers, or Makers of Spirits under his Survey, Callous of Wort. a Credit of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Worts or Wadi brewed or made from Sugar, by fuch Didiller or Didillers, during fuch time as fuch Didiller or Didillers (hall continue to work or didil Spirits from Sugar.

Diftillers in XI. And be it further'enafted, That every Didiller ?n Scotland Scotland allowed (hall be charged with, and pay the feveral and refpeftive Duties by »l*e i ruporuon thi# Aft impofed oo Spirits made in Scotland, fpr the Confuroptioit ft?	  *	•	of

Duties render CommUfioucrs of Excife.

v^,ooQle

5«° GEO. III.

C-3*

of Scotland* at and after the Rate of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallon* of Wort or Wafh brewed or made fro© Sugar by any foch Difliller; and every fuch Difliller (hall have Credit, and be allowed Permits for Twenty one Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Worts or Wafh as aforefaid, brewed or made, a&d a&uaRy diddled into Spirits by fuch Difliller.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Difliller in England Diftillrr*ir»En$-fcail make, dift.il, extract or produce any Quantity ,of Spirits ex- Ut.«l to pay for ceedmg the Proportion of Twenty one Gallons for every One hun- anyEwefsbe-drtd Gallons of Wort or Wafh brewed or made from Sugar as afore. 3rwTT'! laid, every fuch Difliller (hall pay Duty for all fuch Spirits exceed- ^Gallon!1**" ing the Proportion aforefaid ; that is to fay, at and after the Rate of Seven Shillings and Pleven pence Farthing for every Gallon of fuch Excels, computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof.

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That every Difliller who (hall AftrrwUt Promake or diftil Spirits in England, for Exportation from thence to portiooDHlillcr# Scotland* or who (hall make or diflil Spirits in Scotland for Ex-poctatioo from thence to England, tfhall for every One hundred Gal- for Exportation Iota of Wort or Wafh brewed or made from Sugar, for making or to dthrrCuuntry extra&ing Spirits for Exportation as aforefaid, produce to the Sight (hall produce of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, and duly export to Scot• Spirits, &c. land or England* as the cafe may require, at lead Twenty one Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and in every cafe where the Produce of Spirits extracted and produced to the Sight of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, and duly exported as aforefaid, fhall fall fhort of the Proportion aforefaid, every fuch Difliller or Didillers fhall, and be, fhe and they is and are hereby made charoeable with, and (ball pay for eveiy Gallon of Spirits which fhall fo fall fhort or be deficient, a Duty of Twenty Shillings.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That, until the No Entry of Firft Day of December One thouf&nd eight hundred and twelve, no Houfe for dif-Pcrfoo or Perfons fhall be permitted to make Entry of any Houfe Spirits or Houles, or Place or Places in England,for making or diftilling { Spirits from Sugar for Exportation to Scotland* nor fhall any Per- jammed, but fon or Perfons be permitted to make Entry of any Houfe or Houfes, what has been or Place or Places in Scotland* for making or diftilling Spirits from already entered Sugar for Exportation to England, fave and except fuch Houfe nr Houfes, or Place or Places, as fhall have been duly entered and QoriJnnt# rum employed, or ufed for making and diftilling Spirits from Corn or Grain for fuch Exportation from England to Scotland* or from Scot* land to England, as the cafe may require, between the Firft Day of OSober Ooc thoufand eight hundred and eleven and the palling of this Ad; nor fhall any Perfon or Perfons be permitted to make, in any RrftriAion *% to fodi entered Houfe or Houfes, Place or Places, or to export a Num- Quantity of ber of Gallons of Spirits within the Year, from the Commence* Spirit* exported, naent of fuch Entry on the Firft Day of. OQober One thoufand eight &c* hundred and eleven, beyond the Quantity which fuch Perfon or Per-foot would have been entitled to have made from Corn or Grain, ud to have exported from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, as the cafe may require, if the Diftillation from Corn or pnm had oc£ be?n prohibited, farther than the Excefs of Produce

v^ooQle

A.D.i8* 2.

lO

C. 3.

52® GEO. IIP.

Diftiller* in Lowlands of Scotland producing certain Quantity of &p rits according to Contents of Still, Licence to ceafe.

Piftillers in Highlands producing certain Quantity of Spirits according to Contents of Still, Licence to ceafe.

In what cafe Diflillers in England not liable to Penalty’ for difeominuing to woik.

Allowance to Diftiller in Scotland, in cafe Quantity of Spirits limited by Licence be not produced, &c.

of Spirits from Sugar Wafh above the Produce of Spirits from Corn Wafh, computing filch Produce at and after the Rate of Eighteen Gallons of Spirits, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every Hundred (gallons of Wort or Wafh made or diftilled from Corn during fuch Portion of the Year as fuch Diftiller or Diftillers {hall have been making or diftilling from Corn fince the faid Firil Day of Odober One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, and of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits at the Strength afore -faid, for every Hundred Gallons of Wort or Wafh to be diftilled from Sugar during fuch Period of the prefent Year of our Lord, as ftich Diftiller or Diflillers (hall continue to make or diftil Spirits from Sugar from and after the faid Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until the time at which the annua] Entry of fuch Houfe or Houfes, or Place or Places, would havei expired 5 any thing*in this or any* other Aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. [Secfiojl. c. 118. § 1.]

XV.	And be it further enadled, That when and fo foon as any Diftiller in the Lowlands of Scotland fhall have brewed or made and diftilled into Spirits a Quantity of Wort or Walh from Sugar, fuffi-cient to produce Two thoufand twenty five Gallons of Spirits of the

Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills fpecified or mentioned in the Licence granted to fuch Diftiller in the faid Lowlands, computing Twenty one Gallons of fuch Spirits of the Strength aforefaid, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wafh, then and in every fuch cafe the Licence- of fuch Diftiller (hall ceafe and determine, and be no longer in force.

XVI.	And be it further enadled, That when and fo foon as any Diftiller in the Highlands of Scotland (hall have brewed or made and diftilled into Spirits a Quantity of Wort or Wafh from Sugar, fuffi-cient to produce Seventy five Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills fpecified or mentioned in the Licence granted to fuch Diftiller in the faid Highlands, computing Twenty one Gallons of fuch Spirits at the Strength aforefaid, for even* One hundred Gallons of fuch Wort or Wafh, then and in every fuch cafe the Licence of fuch Diftiller fhall ceafe and determine, and be no longer in force.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That no Diftiller in England fhall be fubjedl or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Profecution, for difeontinuing to work, provided fuch difeontinuing is or fhall be occafioncd by the Expiration or other Termination of the Prohibition of the Ufe of Corn or Grain in the Diftillation by or under the Au? thorityrof Parliament 5 any thing in this or any other Adi or Adis of Parliament heretofore made to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enadled; That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiflioners of Excife in Scotland, and they are hereby authorifed and required in cafe of the Termination, by or under the Authority of Parliament, of the Prohibition of the tJfe of Corn or Grain in tne Diftillation of Spirits, or of the Revival of the Laws which allow the Diftillation of Spirits from Com or Grain before any licenfed Diftiller in Scotland mall have diftilled into Spirit* the full Quantity of Wort or Waft, to which the licence of any fuch

.	Diftiller



A.D.iSiz.

is

52^geo. in*	c.3.

I

DiftiHer ftufl be limited, to pay and allow to fuch Diftiller out of tiw Duties anting by the Diftillery in Scotland a Sum of Money equal to that which (hall or may have been paid in advance by fuch | DiftiUer, over and above the Quantity of Wort or Wafh made and I Spirits idually diddled under and by virtue of any fuch Licence.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful I/urnce canted toasdforthe Commifiionert of Excife in Scotland to \\ccn(e any Still in Srotlai»<1 tie ' or Sdh in Scotland for the Purpofe of diddling Spirits from Sugar ^ after the Didillation from Com or Grain (hall be prohibited, provided that *> filch Licence to be granted in the prefent Year of our Lord " 3 /hall be granted to commence or take efled before the Eighth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and twelve next, and no foch Licence which (hall be granted after the faid prefent Year (hall be granted to commence and take effed before the fird Day of Dc- Commencrmrnt. ttnbtr next enfuing the granting thereof; nor (hall any fuch Licence be of any Validity or have any Force or Effed uotill all the Wort or Wadi brewed or made from Corn or Grain in the Cudody or PofleifioQ of tlie Pcrfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Licence (hall be granted, (hall have been a&ually diddled into Spirits of the Se-*&d Extraction, by the Space of Four Days at the lead ; any Ad oi Ads of Parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithdandiug.

IX. And be it further evaded, That nothing in this Ad (hall l^ridinn. m wted, or be deemed or condrued to extend, to authorize the Com- lu^t*"** iciSocers of Excite in Scotland to grant Licences until the Fird Day b'cm&tr in the prefent Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, any Perfon or Perfons, or to any Houfe or Houfes, Place or Placesfor diffulving or mixing Sugar forextrading Spirits in Scot* land for tie Confumption in Scotland, excepting to fuch Perfon or Perfons, o* Houfe or Houfes, or Place or Places, which, from the Tenth Day ,f November One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, (hall We been lionced, and (hall have begun and continued to make Spirits from Cor* for fuch Confumption in Scotland; any thing iu this Ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXL And be t further enaded, That no Didiller or Didillersin Limhin* the England or Scoildnl refpedively (hall be allowed to make Entry for, *|}rae or to make or difti any Spirits from Sugar for Exportation from	nation*

England to Scotland, or from Scoland to England, at any other time	*	°n*

than from and after tte Fird Day of December in each Year of our Lxd after the prefent Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred a#d twelve.

XXII. Provided alwa>s, and be it further enaded, That when Entry for Ex-*od to fooo as any fuch Exhibition as aforefaid, of the Ufe of Corn	«»f

and Grain in the Diftillatioi of Spirits, (hall ceafe and determine, it ?T,r,t* I'1?!11	,

flail and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons in England p*™ tVcwn Pei^i or Scotland refpedively to make Entry for, and to make ordiftil Spi- when l'rohibi-fin from Corn and Grain for Exportation from England to Scotland, don lh»U ceafe, or bom Scotland to England, at anytime within Thirty Days from tie Period when fuch Prohibition frail ceafe and determine: Pro-Tided alfo, that no fuch Entry (hall hive effed for any longer Period than until the Fird Day of OSober then next enfuing, nor (hall any feeb Entry be made or admitted while any Spirits diHilled from Sugar, or any Materials for fuch DiftiHation (hall be remaining on any Part of the Premifes of fuch Diftillef or DiftHlers; any thing in this prwy other Ad to the contrary in any wife notwithftaudmg. .

8	XXIII,	Pro-

vjOOQlC	f

C. 3 •

52° GEO. III.

A.D.181:.

Licences granted iti S<\>tland for diftilliiv^ Sprits from Sugar; and after Prohibition (hall ceafr,

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Coinmifiionersof Excife in Scotland, or the major Part of them, or to or for the refpc&ive Collectors and Supervifors of Exeife in Scotland, by and with the Leave and Approbation of the faid Commiflioners, to grant a Licence or Licences

Licence* framed to auy Perfon or Perfons, to make or diliil Spirits from Sugar, dur-for diililHng	ing any Period in which the Didillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain

Spirits from	(ball be prohibited ; and alfo to grant Licences in like manner to any

&c« Perfon or Perfons to make or diftil Spirits from Corn or Grain, at any time after the Didillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain ftiall, by or under the Authority of Parliament, be permitted or allowed : Provided alfo, that no fuch lad mentioned Licence (hall be granted to take effe& before the Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight •*	hundred	and twelve, nor for any longer Period than until the Tenth

Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; any thing in this or any other A£t to the contrary in any wife notwith-(landing.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Didiller or Maker of Spirits in Great Britain (hall, during fuch Prohibition as aforefaid of the Ufe of Com or Grain in the Diiiillation of Spirits, make vk

Ufing any other Thing than Sugar, except

Y a •	*‘,v	w. N/oui «•* W»v. lxiiviiwvivii Wt	inarwt	wife

ing1 Wm'f»rl*ar'	or cmPlor auy Material, Commodity, Article or Thing whatJ^y

mg DiHillatiou, during Prohibition.

Penalty.

ever, in brewing, making or preparing Wort or Wadi for Didilh(jrvi» fave and except pure Yead neceffary for fermenting the Wort or Waft* and fave and except Sugar in the State in which the fame dial h*vc been imported into this Kingdom, and without the fame haiujg been previoufly diluted with Water or other Liquor, or undergone any Procefs or Manufa&ure whatever to alter the fame, evey Diftiller or Maker of Spirits fo offending (hall, for each and eveiy fuch Of-fence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds 5 and every Bervant of any fuch Didiller or Maker of Spirits, and every othef P«ribn who, during fuch Prohibition of the Ufe of Corn or Grain *8 aforefaid, (hall be aiding or afliding in the Ufe of any other Material, Commodity, Article or Thing whatfoever in brewing, making or preparing of Wort or Wadi for Didillation, or in th? making or diddling of any Spirits, except pure Yead and Sugar as aforefaid, (hall alfo, for each and every (uch Offence, forfei. the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and in Default of Payment (hall fuffit Three Months Im-prifonment.

XXV. And be it further cna£ted, That tO Didiller or Maker of Spirits (hall at any time while he, (he or tley (hall have in his, her or their Cudody any Wort or Wadi for DAillation made or prepared from Sugar, or while he, (he or they (hall Je preparing or making any Wort or Wafh from Sugar, or diddling tnj extra&ing Low Wines or Spirits from Wort or Wafh fo made or prepared, take or receive into or have or keep in his, her or their Cudody or Poffeflion any Mo-laffes exceeding the Quantity of One Pound, nor any Wheat, Barley, Malt, Oats, Rye, Bear or Bigg, which fhall have been ground, excepting Malt not exceeding Five Quarters, or Wheat Meal or Wheat Flour not exceeding Five Bufnels, nor any Beer Grounds, Brewers Tilts, or Worts or Wafh made or prepared from any Material or Commodity whatfoever, except Sugar, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds.

______ XXVI. And be it further ena&ed. That no Didiller or Maker

ri»an a Hogihead of Spirits (hall take pr receive into his, her or their Cudody or Pof-of Sugar.	feffion.

VjOOQ lC

Penalty.

Diftillers having in Cufbxly MoJafles or Grain beyond Quantity herein mentioned.

Penalty.

Not to take lef*

A.D.iftii.

*3

52^ GEO. III.	C.3.

fpfiion, for the Purpofc of Diftillation into Spirits, any Quantity of Su ar left than One reputed Tierce or Hogfhcad, on Pain of forfeit- Penalty, rig the Snm of One hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enaded, That before any Diftiller or Notice to Officer Maker of Spirits (hall receive or take into his Cuftody or Fofleffion t*h're Su-" “ any Sugar for Diftillation into Spirits, he, (he or they (nail give to the ***“? ort fc"1.r • proper Officer of Excife Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing, ^er'V C (pecifring the true Number of Tierces or Hogfheads of Sugar in-leudtdto be received Or taken in, the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons from whom fuch Sugar is to be received, and the Day on which it is intended to be taken in ; and if any Diftiller or Maker of Spirits (hall have Occafion to fell or fend out any Sugar, every fuch Diftiller or Maker of Spirits (hall, in like manner, give to the proper Officer of Excife Twenty four Hours Notice’ in Writing of his Intention to fend out fuch Sugar, and (hall fpecify in every fuch Notice the true Quantity of Sugar intended to be fent out, and the time when fuch Sugar is intended to be fent out or delivered* and the Name of the Perfon to whom ind the Place to which fuch Sagar is intended to be fent 5 and if any Diftiller or Maker of Spirits (hall negled or refufe to give fuch Notice as aforefaid, or (hall receive into or fend or deliver out of his Cuftody or Pofleflion any Sugar without having given fuch previous Notice in Writing as afore-faid, every fuch Diftiller or Maker of Spirits (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Poands.	Penalty.

XXVIII. And be it further enaded, That during the 'Prohibi- No Stilh uteri in tioo of the Ufe of Com and Grain in the Diftillation of Spirits as England (except aforefaid, no Perfon (hall be permitted to make ufe of any Still or Still Houfe, or other Place or Places,* or Utenfils in England, for wi£*in c ^ fxtn&ing or diftilling Spirits from Sugar which, within Two Years Two Years (hall immediately preceding the Commencement of this Ad, (hall have have heen ufed been ufed or employed in redifying or compounding of Spirits, fave in rectifying and except the Stills, Still Houfes, Utenfils and Places ufed by Sir imam BUhop and George Bifbop at Matdfine, in the County of Kent; and alio fave and except the Stills, Still Houfes, Utenfils Spirits for Home and Places, ufed at the Inftance and under the Employment of the Confumpiion in Coonniffioners of Excife in England, for the Purpofe of redifying or England, of lefc compounding Spirits feized by the Officers of tne Cuftoms and Ex- Content than rife, nor (ball any Perfon be permitted to make or diftil any Spirits	°°**

whatsoever for the Confumption of England during the faid Prohibition, in any Still of lefs Capacity or Content than Three thou-fand Gallons, unlefs in the cafe of any Diftiller or Diftillers who, within One Year immediately preceding the palling of this Ad, (hall have in his entered Diftillery ufed or employed a Still duly entered oflefs Content for the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain ; atd if any Perfon or Perfons wnatfoever (hall make Entry or Ufe Penalty, of aay Diftil Houfe or Premifes except as hereinbefore excepted, every foch Entry (hall be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes ; aad aO and every Perfon or Perfons who (hall make ufe of any fuch DiftB Houfe or Premifes for the diftilling or making of Spirits, (hall he fobjed and liable to all the Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, to which the Proprietor of any private or concealed Still,

Baric or other Veflel difeovered or found by any Officer or Officers of Excife for the making, preparing ot keeping Waft, Low Wines or Spirits, or other Materials preparing for I>iftil!atiWi is Ojr may

i^ooQle

Account taken of Spirits tntde in $«i>t-land for Exportation to England, Ac.

c.3.

52® GEO. III.

A.D.18;

Licences in Scotland to retail Spirit* distilled from Hri-tish Materials, Jo authorize the .Sale of any other Spirits.

Duties levied as former Duties.

• be fubjed or liable under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Pad ment in force at and immediately before the palling of this A6t.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That as loon after the p: ing of this Ad as any Dilliller or Maker of Spirits in Scotland, 1 Exportation to England, (hall have ceafed working or making S rits from Corn or Grain, it (hall be lawful to and for the Comrr fioners of Excife in Scotland, and they are hereby authoriied, e powered and required to caufe an exad and true Account to be tak by Quantity and Strength, of all the Spirits made in Scotland i Exportation to England, and which (hall be at fucli time mnainii in Scotland, and lhall caufe fuch Account to be tranfmitted to r Commiflioncrs of Excife in England; and all fuch Spirits as m; be legally imported from Scotland into England fhali be accompanit with a regular Permit or regular Permits, fpecifying whether fuc Spirits were made or diitilled from Corn or from Sugar ; and fuc Spirits as lhall have been diddled or made from Corn lhall, up< importation into England, be charged and chargeable with all tli Duties to which fuch Spirits are or were fubjed and liable at an immediately before the patting of this Ad 5 any thing herein to th contrary in any wife notwithdanding.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That all Licences duly grantei in Scotland to retail Spirits made or diitilled from Malt, Corn, Graii or other Britijh Materials, lhall be fufficient to authorize and em power all Perfons having any fuch Licence to retail Spirits diHil/ec or made in Great Britain from any Materials whatfoever, without Payment of any other or further Duty than is by Law payable foi Licences to retail Spirits made or diddled from Com or Grain ; any thing in any Ad of Parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithdanding.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral and refpedive Duties by this Ad impofed fhaJi (except as herein otherwife fpecially direded or provided) be raifed, levied, colleded, recovered, Secured and paid, by fuch Perfons, at fuch times and in fuch manner, and by fuch ways and means, and under fuch Management, and under and fubjed to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Reltridions, Conditions, Penalties aad Forfeitures, and with fuch Powers of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and fubjed to fuch and the like Powers, Rules and Diredions, and by fuch Methods, and in fuch Manner and Form (except as before excepted), as the feveral and refpedive Duties on Worts or Wafh for Dill illation, and on Licences upon Stills, and alfo on Spirits, are or were provided, prescribed or direded, by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force immediately before and at the time of patting this Ad, in relation to the Duties on Wort or Walh, or Spirits, or Licences upon Stills, or for the Security or due Colledion of the faid laft mentioned Duties, or for preventing Frauds or Evafions thereof, or for the Regulation of the Diililleries; and all the Powers, Authorities, Diredions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Conditions, Penalties and Forfeitures, mentioned and contained in the laid Ads (except as before excepted), lhall be pradifed and put in Execution, for ascertaining, raifing, receiving, levying, recovering. Securing or paying the Several and refpedive Duties by this Ad impaled, m manner in the laid Ads direded, as fully and e&dually,

to



Google

IS

to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in thia Ad Former Ads in costained (hall extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend to re- forcc* peal or alter any Ad or Aft* of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Ad, relating to the diddling or making Spirits ia England or Scotland, or any of the Claufes or Provifoes therein, (fare and except the Duties and Drawbacks by this Ad K*<*ptios. exprefdy fuipended, and fare and except fo far as any fuch Ad or Acts, or the Claufes, Provifious, Powers or Authorities therein contained or granted, are exprefsly repealed, fufpeuded, revoked, altered, contracted or controlled by this prefent Aft, or repugnant to any of the Provifions herein contained ) but that all and lingular the faid former Ada, and the feveral Provifions, Rules, Regulations,

Powers and Authorities therein contained or granted, and the Pains,

Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or thereby impofed or provided for aay Breach or Non-obfervancc of the fame (except as aforefaid),

(hall remain and continue ifi as full Force and Effed as if this Ad bad aot been made $ any thing herein to the contrary in any wife not-virhftaoding.

XXXIII. And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties P*«mlri<»§ how and Forfeitures impofed by this Ad (hall be fued for, recovered, rccuverc<1* levied or mitigated by fuch ways, means or methods, as any Fine,

Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, rtakt or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wepmdmfier^ or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedively ; and that one Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture (hall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difeover or fue for the fame.

* XXXIV. And whereas it 19 by this Ad intended that the Du- Duties to he

*	ties of Cuftoms on Sugar imported, fo far as any fuch Sugar (hall ,nt0 til€

‘ be died or employed in the Difoliation of Spirits in Great Britain, 'c

*	(hall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, as

*	Part of the Duties arifmg from the Diftiliation of Spirits ;* Be it therefore enaded, That as foon as convenient after the Fifth Day of Afril, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of Oftober, and the Fifth Day of January, in each Year; and alfo as foon as convenient after the Expiration or other Termination of this Ad, the Commif-fiooen of Excife, or the major Part of them in England, (hall certify to the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms in England, the Number of Gallons of Wort or Wafti made or prepared from Sugar for Diftil-btioa into Spirits in England, and the Quantity of Sugar ufed and employed in making or preparing fuch Wort or Wa(h, reckoning or computing One Hundred Weight of Sugar for every Fifty feven Gallons of Wort or Wa(h fo made or prepared as aforefaid ; and tlx laid Connniflioners of Cuftoms in England (hall, and they are kerefcy anthonied and required, on the Receipt of fuch Certificate, to pay or caufe to be paid out of the Money arifing by the Duties so Sogar to the Perfon appointed by the Commiffioners of Excife ■ England to receive the Duties of Excife at the Chief Office of lxc£ m London* a Sum of Money equal to the full Duties of Cdoau, on the Sugar fo computed to have been ufed or employed

ia



Google

A.t).i8i2.

16	C.3.	52’GEO. III.

in the mating or preparing fuch Quantity of Wort o? Wafli for Di-llillation as aforefaid : and the Receipt 0/ the Perfon fo appointed by the Commiffioners of Excife in England, to receive tne Duties of Excife at the Chief Office of Excife in London, (hall be a fuffi-cient Difcharge to the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms, or the Perfua ordered by them to pay over the faid Money 5 and as foon as con. venient after the before mentioned Quarter Days refpeftively, and alfo after the Expiration or other Termination of this Aft, the Coni-miffioners of Excife or the major Part of them in Scotland, (hall certify to the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland, the Number of Gallons of Spirits made or diddled in Scotland, and the Quantity of Sugar ufed in diftilling or making fuch Spirits, reckoning or ' computing One hundred Weight of Sugar for every Twelve Gallons of Spirits fo charged with Duty as aforefaid ; and the Commiffioners of Cuftoms in Scotland (hall, and they are hereby authorized *ud required, on the Receipt of fuch Certificate, to pay, or caufe to be paid, out of any Money arifmg by the Duties on Sugar, to the Receiver General of Excife in Scotland, a Sum of Money equal to the full Duties of Cuftoms, on the Sugar fo computed to have bee« ufed or employed in the diftilling or making fuch Quantity of Spirits as aforefaid, and the Receipt of the faid Receiver General of Excife in Scotland (hall be a fuffictent Difcharge to the faid Commiffionert of Cuftoms in Scotland, or to the Perlon ordered by them to pay .	over	the	faid Money.

Duties p»id into XXXV. And be it further enafted, That all the money arifing Exchequer. from the Duties by this aft impofed, including the Duties or Sums of Money direfted to be paid over by the Commiffioners of Cuftoms, (hall from time to time (the neceflary Charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted) be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Wejlminfier, and Three fourth Parts of the faid Money (hall be carried to and be made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, and the other One fourth Part of the faid Money (hall be kept feparate and apart from the other Branches of the Public Revenue ; and there (hall be provided and kept in the Office of the laid Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all Money rifing by the laft mentioned One fourth Part of the Money aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majelty, his Heirs and Succeflors, upon any Account whatever; and the faid laft mentioned One fourth Part of the faid Monies fo paid into the faid Receipt (hall from time to time, as the fame (hall be paid into the faid Receipt, be iffiied, and applied to fuch Services as (hall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this prefent Seffion of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, or (hall be voted by the Commons for the Service of any fub-fequent Year ; and the Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Treafury now and for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treafurer fat the Time being, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to iflue and apply the fame accordingly.

* XXVI. And whereas by the paffing of this Aft and the Comas G. a. c. 152. * mencement thereof, another Aft, made in the Forty eighth Year

•	of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled, An ASfor grant*

•	ing certain Duties on Worts or Wq/b made from Sugar during the Pro* \ hibitkn of Diftillation of Spirits from Com or Crain in Great Bri-

tain.



A.D. 1812.

n

520 GEO. III.	C.3,4.

* Britain, will become operative, if not repealed, and it is expedient ‘ to repeal the fame ;* Be it therefore euaded, That the faid lad mentioned Ad (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

4 XXXVII. And whereas it is alfo expedient to repeal another ‘ Ad made in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majefly, intituled, sin ‘ A3 for regulating the Continuance of Licenfes for dijlilling Spirits from ‘ Sager in the Lowlands of Scotland ;* Be it therefore enaded, That theiaidbll mentioned A& (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it /hall and may be lawful to and for any licenfed Didiller or Didillers in the Lowlands of Scotlandto deliver up to the Commiflioners of Excife*, or to the proper Supervifor or Surveyor of the Diflrid, his or their Licence, to be vacated or altered on the Terms and Conditions, and at the time and in filch manner as immediately before the pafling cf an Ad of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majedy, intituled. An Aft to prohibit the Diflillation of Spirits frm Corn or Grain for a limited Time, were, by any Ad or Acts of Parliament then in force direded for vacating or altering Licences, granted for the making or diddling of Spirits from Com or Grain for Home Confumption in the faid Lowlands; any thing herein or in asy other Ad or Ads of Parliament contained to the contrary not-withdanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall commence and take Effed, as to all fuch Matters and Things therein contained, in refpecl whereof 110 fpecial Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the Eighth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and fhall remain and continue in force during the Term that the Diflillation of Spirits from Com or Grain fhall be and remain in force.

XL. And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be varied, altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be palled in this Sellion of Pa&ammt.

CAP. IV.

An Ad for raifiag the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thoufand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.

[7th February 1812.] “ TREASURY may raife ^10,500,000 by Exchequer Bills, in * manner preferibed by 48 G.3.C. j. § 1, 2. Treafury to apply the M Money railed. § 3. Principal of faid Bills charged on firfl Sup-«pfeS of next Seffion. {4. Intercfl thereon of 3$d. per Cent, per tt Diem. § 5. Said Bills to he current at the Exchequer, &c. alter

*	April$, 1813. § 6 Bank of England empowered to advance

*	£6,500 000 on the Credit of this Ad, notwithftanding 5 & 6 “ W. k M. c. 20, — § 7. Ad may be altered or repealed this ** SH£co. $ 8.

/

52610. III.

€	CAP



lepeakd.

50G.3. c.79.

repealed. Didillers in Lowlands of Scotland may deliver up Licences to be vacated.

48G.3. c.iiS.

Commencement of Aft.

Ad varied or repealed this Seflion.

C. 5,6.

GEO. in.

A.D.1812.

x8

CAP. V.

An Aft for raifing the Sum of One million five hundred thou-fand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.

[7th February 1812.]

44 TREASURY empowered to raife ^,500,000 by Exchequer Bills, in manner preferibed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. £1.2. TreafurV to 44 apply the Money railed. $ 3. Principal of faid Bills charged on 44 Firft Supplies of next Sefiion. § 4. An Intereft thereon of 3{d. “ per Cent, per Diem. $ 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer, “ &c. after April 5, 1813. $6. Bank of England empowered to . 44 advance ^1,500,000 on the Credit of this Ad, notwithftanding 44 5 and 6 W.& M. c. 20. — § 7. Ad may be altered or repealed « this Seffion. § 8.

CAP. VI.

Grant to His Majesty during His Indifpofition; a further Sum to be paid out of Confolidated Fund.

x G. 3. c. I.

17 G.3. c.ai. 44 G. 3. c.8o.

An Aft for making Provifion for the better Support of His Majesty’s Houfehold, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Indifpofition.	[ 11 th February 1812.]

* May it pleafe Your Mpft Excellent Majesty 5 4 XT THE REAS the Continuance of the fevere Indifpofition with 4 VV which it has pleafed God to afflid the King’s Moft Excel-4 lent Majesty, renders it neceffary to make increafed Provifion for 4 the due Arrangement of His Majesty’s Houfehold, and for the 4 Exercife, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, of the 4 Royal Authority daring fuch Illncfs;’ We Your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjeds, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament aflembled, do pray Your Majesty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That there be granted to His Majesty, during the Continuance of His Indifpofition, oyer and above the feveral Sums of Eight hundred thoufand Pounds, One hundred thoufand Pounds, and Sixty thoufand Pounds refpec-tively, granted by Three feveral Ads, paffed in the Firft, Seventeenth and Forty fourth Years refpedively of His prefent Majesty, the further Revenue or Yearly Rent of Seventy thoufand Pounds, to commence from the Eighteenth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and twelve ; and that the fame (hall be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, in like manner and according to the fame Rules, and under the fame Powers, Authorities and Provifions, as the faid feveral Sum9 aforefaid are now paid, as if all the Powers, Provifions and Claufes relating thereto, were re-enacted in this Ad.

4	II. And whereas His RoyalHighnefs the Prince Regent has 4 been gracioufly pleafed to declare His Intention of transferring the 4 Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, ifiued annually from the Exchequer 4 to His Royal Highnefs by virtue of His Majesty’s* Royal Warrant 4 under His Privy Seal, bearing Date the Seventh Day of November 4 One thoufand teven hundred and eighty three, in Aid of the Re-

4	venues



Google

C. 6.

l9

4 renues of the Civil Lift ;* Be it therefore enafted, That during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Indifpofition, the faid Sum of Fifty thoufcod Pounds dire&ed by His Majesty's faid Warrant of the Seventh Day of November One thoufand feven hundred and eighty three to be iflued annually from the Exchequer to His faid Royal Highnris, (hall, during the Continuance of His Majefly's Indifpoli-tioo, he placed and carried in the Exchequer to the Account ot the Civil lift, and make Part of the Civil Lift Revenues, inftead of being iffued and paid as direfted by the faid Warrant.

4 III. And whereas an Aft pafled in the Forty fourth Year of the * Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 for the letter Sup-4 tort °f H*s Majesty's Houfehold, and of the Honour and Dignity of 9 the Crown of the Untied Kingdom ; and for preventing Accumulation 4 of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil Lift Revenues : And 4 whereas Gocc the palling of the faid Aft, the Civil Lift Revenue 4 has not, in any one Year, been equal to the Charges on the Civil 4 Lift, and fuch Excefs of Charge above the Revenue ha9, upon an 1 Average of the Years fince the paffing of the faid Aft, amounted to 9 about One hundred and twenty four thoufand Pounds, but as fuch 4 Deficiencies have been fupplied from time to time by the Applica-4 tioii of foeh Proportions of the Sums arifing from Droits of Ad-4 miraity, and the Surplus of the Hereditary Revenues of His 9 Majesty in Scotland not applied in Payment of the Civil Eftablifh-4 meet in Scotland, and which are declared to belong to and be at 4 His Majrfty’s Difpofal by an Aft paffed in the Twenty eighth Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled, An A8 to repeal the 4 Doties and Drawbacks of Cuftoms and Excifepayable on the Import a* 4 tioii and Exportation of Wine (except Wine the Produce of the European 4 Dominions of the French King, Rbenifh, Germany and Hungary Wine9 4 Portugal and Madeira Wine9 and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or 4 of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain), and for granting 4 other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; to repeal the Duty of 9 Excife upon Foreign Green Glafs Bottles imported, and for charging 4 an additional Duty of Cuftoms in lieu thereof; for afeertaining the 4 Duty on Carriages the ManufaQure of the European Dominions of 4 the French King imported direfily from thence ; for obviating a Doubt 4 with refped to the Duties on White Woollen Cloths exported; and for 9 refrrviug to His Majesty the Hereditary and other Revenues of the 4 Crown in Scotland, as were neceflary for that Purpofe; and no 4 Arrrar therefore has arifen to be laid before Parliament under the 4 Provifion* of the faid Act: And whereas it is expedient and proper 4 that an Account (hould be laid before Parliament, from time to 1 time, of any Excefs of Charges upon the Civil Lift, beyond fuch 1 Average AmountBe it therefore cnadted, That whenever the Amocot of the Deficiency of the Civil Lift Revenues (hall exceed fuch Average as aforefaid, bv the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, the Lord High Trcafqrer, or Lords Commi(lioner9 for executing the Office of Lord H»gh Treafurer for the time being* (hall caufe an Account of fuch Deficiency of the Civil Lift Revenue to be laid before Parliament, within (Joe Month after the fame (hall have arifen, if Parliament (hall be then fitting; or if Parliament (hall not be then biting, within One Month after the next Sitting of Parliament.

C %	GoogleC	A	F.

Part of Sum ufually iflued out of Civil Lift to Prince Regent under Warrant of Hia Majesty, retained in Ex* chequer as Part of Civil Lift Revenues. Accounts laid before Parliament of any Excefs of Charge beyond Average Deficiencies.

44 G. 3. c. 80.

28 G.3. c.33.

54® GEO. HI.

A.D.1812.

ICOjOOOl. rranted to the rrince Regent.

or iioutv-huld to art( nd 1 iis Ma jelly, itud l>e under Mirottion of and

C.7,8.

CAP. VII.

An Aft for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum for defraying the Expences incident to the Aflumption of the Perfonal Ex-ercife of the Royal Authority by His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty.

f 11 th February 1812.]

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	TT THE RE AS it is expedient that Provifion fhould be made for

*	VV defraying the Expences incident to the Aflumption of the

*	Perfonal Exercife of the Royal Authority by His Royal Highnefs

*	the Prince Regent in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty;’ Therefore We, Your, Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjeas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament aflembled, do moft humbly befeech Your Majesty that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That there fhall be iflued, applied and paid, out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted or which may be granted in this Seflion of Parliament, to His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent, the Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds free and clear from all Fees and Deductions whatever 5 and that the Acquittance or Receipt of His faid Royal Highnefs (hall be a good and fufficient Difcharge for the Payment thereof, and a fuf-ficient Authority to the feveral and refpeClive Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Payment of the faid Money.

CAP. VIII.

An Aft for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Houfehold, and enabling Her Majesty the Queen to meet the increafed Expence to which Her Majesty may be expofed during His Majesty’s Indifpofition; and for the Care of His Majesty’s Real and Perfonal Property; and to amend an Aft of the laft Seflion of Parliament, to provide for the Adminiftration of the Royal Authority during His Majesty’s Illnefs.

[ 11 th February 1812.]

1 "f T JHEREAS the Continuance of the fevere Indifpofition with

*	VV which it has pleafed God to afflidl the King’s Moft Excel* 1 lent Majesty, renders it neceflary to make further Regulations for

*	the Arrangement of His Majesty’s Houfehold, and for the Exer-1 cife of the Royal Authority during fuch Illnefs; and for enabling

*	Her Moft Excellent Majesty the Queen, to meet the increafed

*	Expence to which, in confequence of fuch Indifpofition, Her

*	Majefty may be expofed;’ Be it therefore cnadled by the King’s

Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflerr.bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Eighteenth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Indifpofi tion, the Firfl Gentleman of His Majesty’s ped Chamber (commonly '	called



Google

A.D.i8ia.

C. 8.

it

5 7? GEO. III.

died the Groom of the Stole), the Vice Chamberlain of Hi9 appointed or Majesty’s Houfehold, the Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe,	^	Her

Tout of the Gentlemen, and Four of the Grooms of His Majesty’s p0w!-riof Bed Chamber, the Mailer of His Majesty’s Robes, His Majesty ’8 Giooui ui tJie Eqoeries and Pages, together with a Private Secretary of Her Stole.

Majefty, and Secretary to the Groom of the Stole, and fuch Number of Attendants and Servants as may be requifite and fuitable for the due Attendance on His Majesty’s Sacred Perfon, (hall be appointed, by the Queen’s Moil Excellent Majesty, or fele&ed and cholen from the reCpe&ive Departments of His Majesty’s prefent Houfehold, and /ball be antler the foie Dire&ion and Controul of Her Majesty, for the Care and Attendance upon His Majesty’s Sacred Perfon, and the regulating, ordering and managing all Things relating thereto ; and Her {aid Majesty (hall have the full and foie Power and Authority to order and direct all Matters and Things relating to the Management of fuch Part of His Majesty’s Houfehold, as (hall be in Attendance upon His Majesty’s Perfon as above directed, and the refpe&ive Duties and Attendances of all fuch Officers of the Houfehold and Attendants and Servants aforefaid, and fliall aifo have full Power and Authority, by any Inftrument or Inftruments in Writing figned and fealed by Her Majesty, to remove, nomiuate and appoint, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, all the Perfons who fttall be in Attendance upon His Majesty’s rerfon, and in like manner to fupply all Vacancies ariiing by Removal, Refignation or Death of any Inch Officers of the Houfehold, or Attendants and Servants or Perfons aforefaid, except fuch as have heretofore been ufually nominated and appointed by the Lord Chamberlain or Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houfehold. or the Matter of His Majesty’s Horfe, or the Mailer of His Majesty’s Robes refpe£lively; and the faid Firft. Gentleman of His Majesty’s Bed Chamber, commonly called the Groom of the Stole, fo appointed to attend upon His Majesty’s Perfon, fliall oomiuate and appoint to all fuch Vacancies as (hall arife by Removal, Refignation or Death of any fuch Officers, Attendants or Servants aforefaid, as have heretofore been nominated or appointed by the Lord Chamberlain or Lord Steward refpe&ively of His Majefly’s Houfehold, or by the Matter of the Horfe to His .

Majefty; and fuch Groom of the Stole (hall have aft fuch Jurif-dkSon, Power and Authority, over fuch Officers, Attendants and Servants, as have heretofore been and arc now ufually exercifed by the Lord Chamberlain and Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houfebold refpedively, and by the Mailer of the Horfe to His Majesty.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful (or Her vicc Chambei-Majefty, during the Continuance of His Majelly’s Indifpofition, to lai? order and direS the Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houfehold Majesty, aa for to ad in the Abfence of the Groom of the Stole aforefaid, for fuch Groom of the Groom of the Stole, or during any Vacancy of the Office of fuch Stole in his Groom of the Stole, as if he was fpecially deputed for that Pur- Abfenct. pole, and to perform all the Duties of the faid Office during fuch Abdroce or Vacancy ; and all fuch A6ls, Matters and Things done, or Orders given by fuch Vice Chamberlain during fuch Abfence of foch Groom of the Stole, or the Vacancy of fuch Office, (hall be as valid, and have the fame Effeft, as if done or given by the faid Groom of the Stole : Provided always. That fuch Vice Chamberlain Aali not remove or appoint any Officers, Attendants or Perfons, of £ C 3	fuch

LjOOQle



C.8.

5a® GEO. KI.

A.D. 1812.

Remainder of Household to attend upon the Recent; and if Regent appoint other Perfons in lieu of thofe in Attendance upon His Majesty, they are to have like Salaries.

The Regent to have all Regal Prerogatives.

%2 G.3. c.82.

Royal Aflent to Bills not retrained-51 G.3. c.i.

§11.

repealed.

Snm paid an-

nuai'y f,ut of Civil l.iii Reve-nue l etore all other Payments,

fuch Part of His Majesty’s Houfehold as (hall be under the Jurif-

dnftion of the Groom of the Stole, during any Abfence of the Groom of the Stole, unlefs he have fpecial Authority for that Purpofe from the Groom of the Stole, or the faid Office (hall be vacant.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all the other Officers, Attendants and Servants, belonging to or making Part of, or attached to His Majesty’s Houfehold, and not placed by this A& under the Dire&ion and Controul of Her Majesty, (hall, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illnefs, be under and fuhje& to the Removal, Appointment, Controul and Diredlion of, and be in Attendance upon His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent, exercifing the Royal Authority in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, in their refpec-tive Offiqes, according to their refpe&ive Duties, in like manner as they have heretofore been accuftomed to attend upon His Majesty ; and if His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent (hall think, fit to appoint, and (hall appoint, or (halt order and diredl the Lord Chamberlain, Lord Steward, or Mailer of the Horfe, to appoint any Groom of the Stole, or other Officer, Attendant or Servant, to be in Attendance upon His Royal Highnefs as Regent in the perfonal F.xercife of the Royal Authority, m lieu of any like Officer, Attendant or Servant, who may have been appointed or fele&ed under the Provi-fions of this A£l, to be in perfonal Attendance upon His Majesty, all fuch Officers, Attendants and Servants, fo appointed by His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent, (hall, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illnefs, be entitled to the fame Salaries, Wages, Profits aud all other Emoluments, as the like Officers and Attendants in His Majesty’s Houfehold are by Law, Ufage or Cuftom entitled to, and (hall be paid in the fame Clafs under the Provifions of an A& pafled in the Twenty fecund Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled, An Aci for enabling His Majesty to difeharge the Debt con-traded upon his Civil Lift Revenues, and for preventing the fame from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the faid Revenues, and by fuppreffing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paiaTout of the Revenues of the Civil

Lift*

IV.	And be it further enabled, That fo much of an A& of the laft Scflion of Parliament, intituled, An Ad to provide for the Admi-niftration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of His Majesty,s Royal Perfon during the Continuapce of His Majejly*s IUnefs> and for the Refumpticn of the Exercife of the Royal Authority by His Mayfly* as in any manner reftrains His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent from giving the Royal AfTent to nny Bill or Bills in Parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed ; and from and after the pa (Bug of this Ad, and during the whole of the Period in which His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent (hall remain in the perfonal Exercife of the Royal Authority, His Royal Highnefs the Priuce Regent (hall be entitled to ufe and enjoy, and (hall have all fuch and the like Privileges, Immunities and Exemptions as have been ufed and enjoyed by His Majesty, and (hall in all Suits and A&ions fuc and be fued in fuch and the fame manner as His Majesty can or does fue and is fued.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s' Indifpofition, the Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds ihali be annually paid out of the Civil Lift Revenues in Four quarterly Payments, the Firit Payment to be made on the Fifth

*	Day



Google

C.8.

*3

52° GEO. III.

Day of April next, for the proportionate Part of the Quarter he- for Expence of

tween die laid Eight----L ^ r ** '	-	j	^. r r- r.i_ tn_ u:.

and fuch

fakfty’s Bea Gnamoer or uroom or tne stole appointed under the Pravihons of this A£t to attend His Maiefty’s Sacred Perfon, for the defraying the Charges and Expences or His Majedy, and fuch Portion of His Houfchoid aforefaid as (hall be in Attendance upon His Majedy’s Sacred Perfon, and (hall be made in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever, any thing in an A& pafled in a* G.3. c.Ea. the Twenty fecond Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, or in any other A & or Adis of Parliament to the Contrary notwithllanding ; and fuch Payments (hall be made out of any Sums of Money from time to time in the Exchequer; applicable to the Purpofps of Hia Majesty’s Civil Eilablifhment, free and clear of and from all Taxes,

Rates, Affeffments, or other Charges, Fees or Dedu&ions whatsoever, aad the Acquittances or Receipts of the fajd Groom of the Stole fibtB be a good and fufficient Difcharge for the Payment thereof, and a fufficient Authority to the feverat and refpe&ive Offices of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Payment thereof.

VI. And be it further ena&ed, That an Account of the Applica- Account of Ap-tion of the faid Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds, fo dire&ed phcation of fuch to be iffued -to and appropriated by the Groom of the Stole in XrTafuly/who* Attendance upon His Majesty’s Perfon, (hail from time to time, may direct Ap-wben the fame (hall be required, and if not required oftener, once in plicat?on of each Year at the lead, fuch Year to commence on the Fifth Day of Surplus.

April in each Year, be laid before the Lord High Treafurer or Lords Commiffioiwrs of His ^lajelty’s Treafury for the time being, who, or any Three or more of them, (hall dire cl the Application of any Surplus, if any (hail remain, fo as that the Surplus (hall go and be applied to the Civil Lid Revenues, for the Purposes of His Majesty’s Civil Lftabliihment.

4 VII. And whereas it is proper that Provifion fhould be made tp Sura pa'd^toH^

•	«sWc Her Majedy to meet the ipere^fed Expence to which, in civifKft duri^

*	confluence of His Majesty’s In^jfpofition, Her Majedy may be His Molly’s r expofedBe ii therefore epaded, That there (hall be paid to Her lllnefs, to west Majedy, during the Continuance pf His Majesty’s Indifpofition, out increased

of the Revenues, pr Sums pf Money frpm time to time in the Ex-chequer applicable to the Purposes of His Majedy’s Civil Eftablifli-meot, an annual Sum pr yearly Rent of Ten thoufand Pounds, to cpmmeoce from the Eighteenth Day pf February Oue thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and to be paid in tfUarterly Payments, the fird Payment to be made on the Fifth Day of April next, for the proportionate Part of the Quarter between the laid Eighteenth Day of February and the faid Fifth D^y of April, and that the fame (hall be cioxged and chargeable upon, and payable and paid out of any Sums of #oaey in the Exchequer applicable to toe Purposes of His Maty's Civil Edablidunent, next after the faid Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds, and in preference to all other Payments, and free and clear of and fropa all Taxes, Rates, Affeflments or any-Charge, Fees, or other Dedu&ipu whatever, in like manner as any Sums now payable out of the Civil Lid Revenues to Her Majedy are paid; and the like Acquittances or Receipts as are now given for the Payment of any Money payable to Her Majedy out of the Civji Lad Revenues, {hall be a good and fufficient Discharge fox the Pay-

c +

ment



Google



C.S.

A.D. 18f i

J1O.3.M.

4*7-

Further Sums iflued from Privy Purfe for Payments heretofore ufually made by His Majesty, and Application of Surplus and of Net Surplus of Revenue of Dutchy of Lancalter. Provifo.

520 GEO. III.

ment thereof, and a fufficient Authority to the fevcral and refpefitiir* Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Payment of the fait Money.

‘ VIII. And whereas by the faid recited Ad paffed in the lafl 4 Selfion of Parliament, the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purfe 4 was direded, out of the Sixty thousand Pounds iffned to him as

*	Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe, to apply certain Sums, not 4 exceeding Fifteen thoufand four hundred and fixty one Pounds ‘ yearly, and Four thoufand two hundred and fifteen Pounds

*	quarterly, in manner direded by the faid Adr And whereas the 4 faid refpedive Sums have been found to be inadequate to the Pur-

*	pofes for which they were refpedively direded to be applied, by 4 the Sum of Three thoufand and eighteen Pounds Three Shillings

*	and Five Pence for Annual Penfions and Allowances heretofore ac-

*	cuftomed to be paid and applied under the immediate Direction and 1 Authority of His Majesty, and the further Sum of Five thoufand 4 five hundred and eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eleven Pence 4 for occafional Payments for the laft Year, making together the Sum 4 of Eight thoufand five hundred and twenty fix Pounds Eighteen 4 Shillings and Four Pence : And whereas it is neceffary that Pro*

‘ vifion fhould be made for the Payment of fuch Expences and 4 Charges as have been hitherto incurred, and may hereafter be in-4 curred, for Medical Advice, Attendance and Affiftance, neceffary

*	for His Majesty during his Indifpofition, and the Expences incident

*	thereto: And whereas it is rcafonable that fuch Expences fhould

*	be paid out of the Surplus of the Privy Purfe, after Payment of

*	fuch Sum as aforefaid, and out of the Net Surplus of the Revenue 4 of the Duchy of Lancafter, and it is therefore neceffary that further

*	Provifion fhould be made in that BehalfBe it therefore ena&ed. That the Sum of Sixty thoufand Pounds, iffued annually to the Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe, fhall be iffued in the fame manner as heretofore, and the faid Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe fhall, and he is hereby authorized and diredied, out of any Money in his Hands as Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purfe, or Handing in his Name in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the faid recited Adi of the laft Seflion of Parliament, to iffue and pay to fuch Perfon as fhall be appointed by Her Majesty to receive the fame, the faid Sum of Eight thoufand five hundred twenty fix Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence, in Addition to the Annual and Quarterly Sums iffued under the faid Adi as aforefaid, t® make up the Inadequacy of the faid Sums, and be applied, paid and accounted for, in like manner as required by the faid -Adi as to fuch Quarterly Sums ; and the faid Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe fhall, and he is hereby authorized and direded, during the Continuance of His Majesty* a Indifpofition, out of the Monies iffued to him, to make fuch Payments, and to continue to iffue and apply a Sum not exceeding in the Whole in the Year the faid Sum of Fifteen thoufand four hundred and fixty one Pounds, as direded by the faid Ad; and alfo any Sums not exceeding Four thoufand nine hundred and feventy Pounds in each Quarter, in lieu and inftead of the Sum of Four thoufand two hundred and fifteen Pounds in the faid Ad fpecified, in manner and for the Purpofes by the faid Ad direded, as to the faid annual Sum of Fifteen thoufand four hundred and fixty one Pounds, and quarterly Sum of Four thoufand two

14	hundred



Google

A.D. 1812.

C.8.

*5

5*° GEO. IU.

bandied and fifteen Pounds refpe&ively; and after applying fuch Sums in each Year or Quarter as aforefaid, the Remainder of the Sum of Sixty thoniand Pounds ifliied to the Keeper of His Majesty*3 Privy Parie, together with fuch Sum as (hall be required, not exceeding Ten thooiand Pounds in each Year, from the net Surplus of the Revenues of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaftcr, (hall from tame to time be applied in the Payment of all fuch Charges and Expences as (hall arife from the Medical Advice, Attendance and A Alliance, which may be required for His Majesty during the Continuance of his Indifpofition, and any incidental Expences relating thereto; and the Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe fhall, after Payment of fuch Sam of Eight thoufand five hundred and twenty fix Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence aforefaid to make up the Inadequacy of fuch annual and quarterly Sums as aforefaid, apply the Remainder of all Monies which fhall be in his Hands as Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe, and the Remainder of all Monies which (hall be Handing in his Name in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, purfuant to the Dire&ions of the faid recued Act of the laft Seffion of Parliament, and alfo of the Produce of fuch Public Funds or Government Securities as fhall have been purchafed with the Remainder of the faid Sum of Sixty thoufand Pounds, and net Surplus of the Revenues of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaflcr, under the Provifions of the faid Adi,.in the Payment of fuch Expences and Charges as fhall have already accrued in rrfpedt of fuch Medical Advice and Afliftance, and incidental Expences as aforefaid ; and after applying fuch Sums, and making fuch Payments as aforefaid, the Surplus (if any) in each Year fhall be paid to the Commiffkmers appointed under this Adi for the Care of His Majesty** Real and Perfonal Eftate, to be by them applied as the other Produce of His Majesty *s Perfonal Eftate is direaed to be applied: Provided always, that if in any fucceeding Year the Surplus Provifi* of fuch Privy Purfe, and of the Revenues of the Duchy of Lane after, fhall not be fufficient to pay fuch Expences as aforefaid, the Keeper of the Privy Purfe fhall be entitled to demand, and is hereby authorized and required to demand, and the faid Commiflioners are hereby dht&ed to repay, any Sum, or any fuch Part or Proportion of any Soms which mall have been fo paid over in any prior Year out of any Perfonal Eftate of His Majesty under their Care and Dire&ion, as may be fofficient to pay fuch Expences; and the Sums fo repaid fhall be applied in the Repayment of fuch Expences as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Authorities for the Pay- Authorities for meat of the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purie of fuch Sum of Eight P^ymeat of thoufand five hundred and twenty fix Pounds Eighteen Shillings and	f£r

Four Pence as aforefaid, and of fuch Quarterly bums aforefaid, fhall Med^ca^Advice he giwn to the Perfon appointed by Her Majesty to receive and apply fcc.	*

the June, under the Hand of Her Majesty ; and the Authority for the Payment of fuch Expences and Cnarges as have already accrued	'	•

m refpedof fuch Medical Advice, Afliftance and incidental Expences 21 aforefaid, fhall be the Warrant of Her Moft Excellent Majesty the Queen, and His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent, counterfigned by any Three or more of the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer for the time being 5 and of fuch Expences as may hereafter arife in refpe£k of fuch Medical Advice and Afliftance and incidental Expences as aforefaid, fhall be the Warrant of Her

Moft



A-D. 1S1

*6

C.9.

5 a0 GEO. III.

Oath.

New Penfions payable out of Privy Purfe authorized by Her Majcfty.

Mod EKfttlkot Majesty the Queen, counterfigned by the Firft Ge tleman of Majesty’s Bed Chamber, commonly called the Groo of the Stole ; and the Keeper of Hi# Majesty’s Privy Purfe (ha within Three Month# after the pafling of this Adfc, produce to t faid Commiflioner# an Account of the Perfons to whom, and the fcvei Proportion# in which, and the times when, and the manner in whi the faid Annual Sum of Fifteen thoufand four hundred and fixty o Pound# (hall have been heretofore ufually paid, iflued and applk under the Authority and Directions of His Majesty, together wi the Receipts and other Difcharges of the Perlons to whom fui Payment# nave been made in the la ft Year; and (hall alfo produce the faid Commiflioner# the Warrant fo counterfigned as aforefaid, f Payment of fuch Charges and Expence# as have already accrued f Medical Advice, Afliftance and Attendance upon His Majesty, tog ther with the Receipts or Difcharges of the Perfons to whom Pa jnenti (hall have been made under fuch Warrants and (hall alfo ann ally, between the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of Af\ in each Year, produce to the faid Commiflioners the Receipts or oth Difcharges of the Perfons contained in fuch Account as aforefaid, whom he (hall continue to make fuch Annual Payments a# afore fad and (hall produce the Authorities under the Hand of Her Makd for the I flue of fuch Quarterly Sums as aforefaid, together with ti Receipts of the Perfon to whom the Money was iflued under fu< Authorities; and the Warrants fo counterfigned as aforefaid, fort! Payment of the Expences and Charges hereafter to arife in relati< to Medical Advice and Afliftance required by Hjs Majesty as afoi faid, and the Receipts or other Difcharges of the fevetnl Perlons i whom Payments are made under fuch Warrants, and fuch Receipt Difcharges, Authorities and Warrants as aforefaid, (ball refpe&ivei be a full and complete Difcharge to the faid Keeper of the Pm Purfe for all fuch bums fo iflued by him out of Monies ip his Han< a# Keeper of Hi# Majesty*# Privy Purfe ; and the Perfon appoint* by Her Majesty to receive and apply fuch Sum of Eight thoufainj hundred and twenty fix Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four pciu a# aforefaid under this A61, and fuch Quarterly Sums a# aforefeii (hall, within Oue Month after the Iflue of fuch Sum of Eight thoi (and five hundred and twenty fix Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Fot pence, as to fuch Sum, and within One Mouth after the time of av Iflue of any future Quarterly Sums under this Act, deliver to lh faid Coinnuffioners a juft and true Account of the Application of a fuch Sums refpe£tivety, and produce proper Acquittances, Pjfchargt and Vouchers for fuch Payments { *od the faid Commiflioners ar hereby authorized and required to examine and audit the fame, and ft that rurpofe to call for all Vouchers and otjhcr Documents, aud t examine all Perfons whom they (hall deem it neceflary to examine, fu the Purpofo of ascertaining the Accuracy of fuch Accounts im Oath (which Oath any One of them is hereby authorized to aaini nifter), or otherwife to afeertain the due Application of fuch Mosey in fuch manner as they (hall deem neceftary,

X.	And be it further enacted, That it ihall be lawful for He Maiefty, from time to time, to order and dirc&, and give Authorit] under Her Majesty’s Hand as aforefaid, for the Payment of any ne# Penfions or Allowances, to be payable out of the Money iflued t< the Keeper of His Majefly’e Privy Purfe, to any old Servants of Hi

Majefty



C.8.

J2° GEO. III.	C.8.

or the Widows or Children, or other Relations of any old Savants, who may be deemed by Her Maiefty fit Obie&9 of His Hatty's charitable Bounty, fo as that fuch Penfions ana AUowauces fclwt, in Addition to the Sums which (hall continue to be applied ■der the Authority of Her Majesty in each Quarter, under the Pro.

of the (aid recited Adt of the lad Seffion of Parliament, and this Aft, exceed in the whole the {aid Quarterly Sum of Four thou. ***** hundred and feventy Pounds atorefaid, and fo alfo as that

Penfions and Allowances, granted or ordered in any One T** (W1 sol exceed the Sum of One thoufand Pounds, and that no ocrPoifioa or Allowance (hall exceed the Annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds; and fuch new Penfions and Allowances (hall be paid under the fame Authority, and at the fame time, and together with the Soms lifted Quarterly, to the Perfon appointed by Her Majesty snder this Ad, and the due Application of the Money iffued for the foyarot thereof, accounted tor in like manner to the faid Commoners as dire&ed by this Ad, as to luch Quarterly Sums as afwdaid.

4 XL And whereas Provifion was made in the faid recited Ad of

•	the hft Seffion of Pailiament, for the Care of His Majesty's Real 4 andPerfoaal Eftate and Property, under an A& pafled in the Thirty 4 ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majesty : And

*	whereas the Continuance of His Majesty’s Indifpofition makes it 4 neceflary that further Provifion fhould be made in that Behalf Be it therefore enabled, That it (hall be lawful for the Queen’s Moft Excellent Majesty, and for His Royal Highneft the Prince Regent, by any Inftmroent in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to appoint Three Perfons to be Commiffioners, one of whom (hall be a Mafter of His Majesty’s High Court of Chancery, who (hall a& without any Salary, Fee or Reward, for the Prute&ion, Care and Management of His Majesty *8 Property during His Indifpofition, acduch Perloiis to remove, and from time to time in like manner to appoint others to fupply any Vacancies by Death, Removal or Reflation, of any of the faid Commiffioners.

XIf. And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for the hid Commiffioners to call before them and examine upon Oath (which Oath any One of fuch Commiffioners is hereby authorize^ to sdminifttr) all Truftees, Solicitors, Attornies, Managers, Agents, Receivers or other Perfons whatever, who have had, or have, or may hereafter have in any manner the Cuftody, Care or Management of, or Order, Direction or Cootroul over, or who may be Truftees of sad tor, or who have been or an; in any manner concerned in any Matter or Thing relating to any Real or Personal Eftate or Property bdaogiag to His Majesty, or the Receipt of any Rents, I dues or Profits,or Dividends, Iirereft, or Stuns of Money arifing or accruing therefrom rtfpe&ively, and to demand Accounts in Writing of all fuch Real or Perfon a 1 Eftate, Rests, Iffues, Profits, Dividends, In-* ttre&orfiuras of Money, and of all fuch Particulars relating to any ftcJt Property or Produce thereof aa may be neceffary to enable the (aid Commiffioners to ascertain the Amount and State, and to dire& , tW fstare Cftrtody, Care, Dire&ion, Management and Application Urreof; and the faid Commiffioners ffiall keep accurate Accounts of all their Proceedings, and from time to time lay the fame, or any fuch Ablnfts thereof as (hall be. required, before Her Majesty and the

Prince

*T

51 G.3. ci.

§19.

He/ Majefly and the Regent to appoint Commit fioners for Care of His Majesty *s Real, Sec, Eftate, under 39 and 40 G.3. c.88.

Commiffioners. may examine upon Oath.



Google

Com million er« may be fworn.

Oatk

Cotnmiflioneri may fue or defend in Law er Equity.

Kot to extend to certain Revenues of His Majesty.

Prince Regent, or either of them, requiring the fame; and it (hall lawful for fuch Commiffioners to do or require to be done, all ft Aft 8, Matters and Things, as may in their Judgment be neceffary expedient for the regulating the future Cuftody, Care, Direftion a Management, and for the Improvement of any fuch Real or Perfo Eftate, and for that Purpofe to appoint any Truftee or Truftees any Real or Perfonal Eftate in lieu of any Truftee or Truftees v (hall have died or declined to aft, or (hall die or decline to < and alfo any Steward or Stewards, or Bailiff or Bailiffs, or ot Officer or Officers of Royalties or Manors (fuch Appointment to in all cafes fubmitted to and fubjeft to the Approval of Her M Excellent Majesty and His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regen and it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to apply any Rei Iffues, Profits, Produce or Dividends, Intereft, or other Sums Money, making any Part of His Majesty’s Perfonal Eftate, un the faid recited Aft of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years afe faid, in the Improvement of any Real Eftate of His Majesty, 01 the Payment of any Charges, Debts, Mortgages or other Inci brances whatever, either in the Whole or in Part, or any Intel thereof now due, or which may become due thereon, and all ot juft and legal Claims whatever, affefting any Real or Perfonal Eft or Property of His Majesty, or to apply any fuch Eftate or P perty, or Produce thereof, in any other manner which may appeal them to be mod beneficial for the faid Real and Perfonal Eftate.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That every Commiffioner fo pointed (hall, before he enters upon the Execution of the Duties his Commiffion, take an Oath before the Barons of the Court Exchequer, or one of them, in the Form following :

4 | A. B, do fwear. That I will faithfully execute the Truft repo

*	in me, and keep fecret all the Proceedings and Accounts of ft

*	Truft, unlefs I (hall be required to difclole the fame, or any P

*	thereof, by the Queen’s Mod Excellent Majesty, or His Ro

*	Highnefs the Regent, or unlefs any fuch Difclofure (hall be ne<

*	fary in any Courle of Law or otherwife, for the Care and Prot

*	tion of His Majesty’s Property, in the Execution of my Truft.

* So help me GO!

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for l faid Commiffioners to commence, profecute, or defend any Si Aftion, Information or other legal Proceeding, or file any Bill Bills in Equity, or proceed in any manner in Law or Equity, the ^Recovery, Dificovery or Proteftion of any Property, Real Perfonal, of His Majesty, and for the Recovery of any Damaj for any Injury done thereto, and for that Purpofe to u(e the Nl of His Majesty, or of ariy Truftee or Truftees of His Majesty, their own Names, as they (hall deem moft expedient; ana no ^ (hall abate by the Death of any fuch Truftee or Truftees, or Cl miffioner or Commiffioners$ and all Coils, Charges and Expea incurred, (hall be paid out of the Property under their Care i Management.

XV.	Provided always. That nothing in the (aid recited Aft the laft Seffion of Parliament contained in relation ta any Ren Perfonal Eftate or Property of His Majesty, under the faid real Aft of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years aforefaid, or contained)

. .	i



LD. 1812.

29

52°geo. m.	c.8,9.

his Aft in relation to any fuch Real or Perfonal Effate, or to any towers or Provifions by this Aft given to the Commiffioners ap-ointed under this Aft, for the Proteftion, Care and Management of MajeftVs Property, (hall be deemed or conllrued to extend to toy Revenues or Sums of Money belonging or accruing to His Majesty, heretofore received, or due or payable, or which may here-tfUx become due and payable to His Majesty, which have ufually been iffued, applied or difpofed of under any Royal Sign Manual Warrant, counterfigned by the Lord High Treafurer, or Lords Com-nuffioiK-rs of His Maiefty’s Treafury, or by any Authority or Direction of the Lords Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Treafury, or to lutborize or empower the faid Commiffioners in any manner to interfere with any fuch Revenues or Sums of Money.

C A P. IX.

An Aft to repeal an Aft of the Twenty fifth Year of His pre-fent Majesty, for better fecuring the Duties on Coals, Culm and Cinders and making other Provifions in lieu thereof; and for requiring Ships in the Coal Trade to be meafurcd.

[28th February 1812.]

•	TT7HEREAS Mafters and Owners of Ships and Veffels cm-1 VV ployed in the Coal Trade in England and Wales, are put to

•	great Inconvenience and incur great Rilk by the prefent Praftice c of loading and clearing out fuch Ships and Veffels: And whereas

•	it is expedieut, in order to obviate luch Inconvenience and Rifk, ‘ that other Provifions (hould be made, and that the Regulations con-

•	tained in an Aft paffed in the Twenty fifth Year of His prefent

•	Majefty, intituled An A3 far better fecuring the Dufies upon Coals,

•	Cm and Cinders9 (hould be repealed, as far as the fame relates

•	to England and Wales Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moi Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid redted Aft, fo far as the fame relates to England and Walesy lhall be, from and after the Firft Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, repealed.

II. And be it further enafted, That from and after the Firft Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, no Cocquet fhall be granted by the Colieftor, Controller, or other Officer or Officers of His Majesty’s Cuftoms, in any Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek, « Eaglasu % or Walesy for the (hipping Coaflwife, any Coals, Culm or Olden, nor (hall the Maflcr or Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veffel be permitted to load any Coals, Calm or Cinders on board any fuch Ship or Veffel until the Fitter or Fitters, or if there (hall be no Fitter, then until the Coal Owner or ini Agent, vending or (hipping the Coals, Culm or Cinders, (hall have delivered t > the faid Colieftor, Controller, or other proper Officer afortfiud, Ggned with his or their own Hand or Hands, two Certificates expreffing the real Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders intended to be (hipped on board fuch Ship or Veffel, which Certificates every fuch Collector or other proper Officer is hereby direfted to fign, enter and regifter in a public Book to be kept by fuch Colieftor, or other proper Officer at tbe Cuftom Houfe in the refpective Port or Place

where

IS G.j. c.j*

repealed as CO England and Wales.

Sufferance not granted for ihipping of Coals, nor Veffol permitted to fail; until Tvrt. Certificates of Quantity delivered*



3«

A.D. 181

Officer of Cuf-toms to iflue Sufferances upon Production of Certificate.

Certificate to

eaprefs true Quantity of Coals.

Fitters not

giving in, or making fa he Certificates.

Penalty.

Coal Ship* to be tneal'ured.

C.9.	52° GEO. III.

where fuch Ship or Veffel is to be cleared Coaftwife as aforefaid, <| of which Certificates, after being fo figned, entered and rendered aforefaid, fhall be delivered to the Mafter or other Perion having taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Veflel in which \ fame are intended to be (hipped, and the other fh?U remain in 1 Cuftody of the faid Colle&or, or other proper Officer in the Cufb Houfe aforefaid, to which faid Regifler any Perfon or Perfons ft and may have recourfe to fee and examine the fame without Fee Reward ; and it (hall not be lawful for any Colledor, Controller other Officer or Officers of His Majesty’s Cuftoms in any fuch Po Harbour, Haven or Creek as aforefaid, to clear Coaftwife, any Sli or Veflel whatever, laden or in part laden with Coals, Culm or Cindc nor to fign, iffue forth, or grant any Cocquet, Letpafs, Tran (ire other Difpatch of any Nature or Kind whatever, for the clearing a Coafting Voyage, any fuch Ship or Veflel, unlefs the Fitter Fitters, Coal Owner or Agent, who fo vended or (hipped the Coa Culm or Cinders on board the faid Ship or Veffel, (hall hare t livered to the Colle&or or other proper Officer of the Cuftoms fuch Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek aforefaid, vhere fuch Ship Veflel is fo laden, or in part laden, fuch Certificates as are herein!: fore dire&ed and required.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the faid Fii Day of March it (hall and may be lawful for the Colle&or, Control] or other proper Officer of the Cuftoms, in any Port, Haven, Harboi or Creek in England or Wales, to fign, iffue forth, or grant ai Cocquet, for the clearing Coaftwife of any fuch Ship or Veflel, f< which the Certificates of the Fitter, Coal Owner or Agent, require by this A&, (hall have been delivered according to the Dire&ioj herein contained ; and fuch Cocquet (hall and may be ifliied fort and granted by any fuch Collector, Controller, or other prop* Officer, for and according to the Quantity declared in fuch Cei tificates fo delivered as aforefaid; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage t the contrary notwithllanding.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That in all Cafes of Shipment 0

Coals, Culm or Cinders to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, ii any Ship or Veflel whatever, the Certificate fo to be delivered a aforefaid, by fuch Fitter, Coal Owner or Agent, (hall exprefs thi true Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders actually laden on boanc fuch Ship or Veffel.	s

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Fitter or Fittcn Coal Owner or Agent, vending or (hipping Coals, Culm or Cinders, (hall not give fuch Certificates as aforefaid, or fhall give or mak« any falfe Certificate or Certificates of the Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders, fold or vended by him or them, and intended to be (hipped or laden, or a&ually (hipped or laden on board any Ship 01 Veffel whatever in England or Wales, or who fhall deliver any fuc/i Certificate or Certificates figned by any Perion except himfelf or themfelves, every fuch Fitter or other Perfon (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VI.	And be it further enatted, That in cafe any Coals, Culm op Cinders, laden on board *my fuch Ship or Veffel, which Audi be cleared Coaflwife at any Port of England or Wales, from and after the faid Firft Day of March (hall upon any Pretence whatever be delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due upon

the



Google

l.D. 1812.

s*° geo. in.

C9.

V

be Exportation thereof have been paid, the Mafter or other Perfon i PerioBS having or taking the Charge or Command of fuch Ship vVeflel (hall, before he or any other Perfon be permitted again to ttter or clear the faid Ship or VefTel Coaftwife, or for Parts beyond k Seas, not only pay to the Collector or other proper Officer at the fcrt of England or Wales, from whence the faid Ship or VefTel is ifiteiriedio be cleared out as aforefaid, the Export Duties on the grate! Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders, whiqh it fhall appear tktaay web Ship or VefTel is capable of containing, but alio the farther Sum of Three Shillings for every fuch Chaldron of Coata,

Culm or Cinders, Winchejler Meafure, to be applied and appropriated to the fame Ufes with the refpeftive Duties now payable on Coals,

Calm or Cinders exported : Provided neverthclefs, if it fhall appear Provilb. upon the Oaths of the Mafter, together with the Mate and Two of the Mariners belonging to fuch Ship cr VefTel, and who were on board at tbe time fbe was cleared Coaftwife, and failed in her daring the whole Voyage, taken in the open Cuftom Honfe before the CoUe&or and Controller of fuch Port (who are hereby authorised and required to adminifter the fame), that fuch Ship or VefTel wn rally and bona fide forced by contrary Winds or other unavoidable Neceflity and Diftrefs of Weather into fuch Parts beyond the Seas, and could not by reafon of fuch Neceflity and Diftrefs have proceeded with fuch Coals, Culm or Cinders, to fome Port or Place m Gnat Britain, which Proof fhall be tranfmitted by fuch Officer to tbe Commiffioners of the Cuftoms in England; and if it fhall appear to thrir Satisfaftion that fuch VefTel was fo forced into Parts beyond the Seas as aforefaid, the faid Commiffioners of Cuftoms, or ahy Four them, (hall and raay order the Colledor or other proper Officer-of the Cuftoms, to whom the faid Duties and the faid Sum of Three Shillings for every Chaldron as aforefaid fhall have been paid as hereinbefore direded, to grant the Mafler of fuch Ship or VefTel a fpecial Certificate thereof, in order that his Coaft Bond may be difeharged, and to return fuch refpe&ive Sum of Three Shillings for every Chaldron of Coals, Culm or Cinders, fo paid as aforefaid ; but on failure of tbe Proof herein dire&ed, or if the fame fhall not be fatisfadory to tbe (aid Commiffioners, fuch Bond fhall and may be profecut’ed and pot in fuit 5 any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary not-withoanding.

VIL Awl be it further ena&ed. That in order to afeertain the vcflcls mei-greateft Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders, which any Ship or Cured at Port of Veld having fo delivered any Coals, Culm or Cinders in any Part Return, beyond the Seas, is capable or containing, a proper Perfon or Perfons tobeCdtded and appointed by the CoUe&or of the Cuftoms of the Port n England or Wales to which fuch Ship or VefTel fhall firft reUra after fuch Delivery in Parts beyond the Seas as aforefaid, fhall orafae fuch Ship or VefTel, for the Purpofe of afeertaining the grate! Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders to be computed in Chaldrons, Winchejler Meafure, which fuch Ship or VefTel is capable of containing, and the faid export Duties and additional Duties fhall he paid according to fuch Admeafurcmcnt 5 and fuch Perfon or Fee, fenws fo to be appointed fhall be paid by the Owner or Owner* of any fuch Ship or VefTel fo meafured, for his or their Trouble* after the Rate of One Penny Halfpenny for every Chaldron which iodi Ship or VefTel fhall appear to be capable of containing.

5	VIII.	And

VjOOQlC

A.D.i8i

Certificates admitted in Evidence.

Recovery of Penalties.

General Iffuc.

Treble Coft*.

joG.3. c. 114-

Si-

Treafury to carry to Credit mi £alt India

C. 9,10.	52®	GEO.	III.

VIII.	And be it further enadted. That the faid Entry ai Regifter of the Fitter’s Certificate, fo directed as aforefaid, fhall i accepted and admitted as and taken to be full and complete Eviden of the Fa& in all cafes where the original Certificates are not produce

IX.	And be it further enattea. That the Penalty in this A mentioned fhall and may be profecuted, determined and recovered 1 Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Reco at Wejlminjlcr, and in the Court of Exchequer in Edinburgh refpe tively, wherein no EfToign, Prote&ion, Privilege or Wager of La fhall be allowed ; and One Moiety thereof fhall De to the Ufe of H Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety, to tl Perfou or Perfons who fhall fuc for or profecute the fame.

X.	And be it further cmdied. That if any Action or Suit fhall 1 commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in pu fuance of this Adi, the Defendant or Defendants in nich A&ion ■ Suit may plead the General I flue, and give this Adi and the fpeci Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that tl fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Adi; ar if it fhall appear fo to have been done, then the Jury fhall find fortl Defendant or Defendants ; and if the Plaintiff fhall be nohfuited, » difcoutiiiue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants fhall ha* appeared, or if Judgment fhall be given upon any Verdict or Demurr again A the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants fhall and may r cover Treble Cofls, and have the like Remedy for the fame whic the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other cafes of Law.

CAP. X.

An Adi to amend an Adi of the Fiftieth Year of His prefer Majesty, for granting a Sum of Money to be raifed by Ej chequer Bills, to be advanced and applied in the Manne and upon the Terms therein mentioned for the Relief of th United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eq Indies.	[28 th February 1812.

4 YT 7" HE REAS an Adi palled in the Fiftieth Year of the Rcig 4 W of His prefent Majefly, intituled An Ad for granting t 4 His Majejly a Sum of Money to be raifed by Exchequer Bills, an 4 to be advanced and applied in the Manner and upon the Terms therci 4 mentioned for the Eelief of the United Company of Merchants t 4 England trading to the Eaft Indies : And whereas confiderable Sum 4 of Money have been advanced and difburfed for the Ufe of Hi 4 Majefly’s Navy in the Eajl Indies, and for other Public Services 4 for which Credit cannot be given for the faid Company in Paymen 4 of the Sums advanced under the Provifions of the faid A&, b 4 reafon that fuch Payments arc required to be made, on or before th * Firft Day of January One tboufand eight hundred and twelve, int< 4 the Receipt of His MajeAy’s Exchequer Be it therefore ena&e< by the King’s Moll Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice an< Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, 11 this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame That it (hall be lawful for the Commiflioners of His Majesty’s Trea fury, or any Three or more of them, to carry to the Credit of th< feme Company, in Repayment of the Sums advanced under the Pro

vifion*

Gc ^le

AJ).lgl2.

C. 10| J I'

33

52® GEO. Iff.

rifioos of the laid Ad, any Sum or Sums of Money which (hall have bcenadvaoced or diiburfed by the laid Company in the Eaf India for Hk Majesty’s Navy, or any Public Services $ and it mall alfo be law&l for the laid Company to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on account of or in Repayment of Sums of Money advanced under the laid Ad, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, at any time aftathe Firft Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred ib4 twelve, any thing in the faid Ad to the contrary not withholding; sad all Sums fo advanced or diiburfed in the Eajl Indies as afeiriaid, winch (hall be allowed by the faid Commiflioners of the Trafufy to be carried to the Credit of the faid Company, and all San» paid iato the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer after the laid Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, is Repayment of Sums advanced under the laid A&, (hall be received at the Exchequer, and go in Difcharge of any Balance which lhall remia unpaid of Sums fo advanced as aforefaid ; and it lhall be lawful ftttheffidCommiilijners of theTreafury to iffue and apply the fame to fidi Services as (hall then have been voted by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this prefent Sefiion of Parlia-oot, aad all fuch Payments lhall go in Difcharge of the Amount fo repaid of any Bonds given by the laid Company for Repayment of Advaaca under the faid A#, any thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary flotwithftaoding.

C A P. XI.

An AQto repeal an Afl palled in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His prefent Majesty, for eftablilhing certain Regulations in the Offices of the Houfe of Common?, and to dhbljih other and further Regulations in the faid Offices.

[28fh February 1812.]

*	WHEREAS an A& wa8 Paffe<^ 'n a Seflion of Parliament, c VV bolden in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His pre-4 feat Majesty, intituled Am A3 for eJlabTtJbing certain Regulations in 4 tht Ofices if the Houfe of Commons : And whereas the Provifions ' of the fad Ad are in feveral refpeds defedive, and in others 4 require to be varied and amended ; and k is therefore expedient to

*	repeal the faid Ad, and to make other and further Provifions in 4 Keo thereof ;* Be it therefore enattedby the King’s Mod; Excellent Mnefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, aad by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the p.iffing of this Aft, the faid Ad lhall be and the fame is hereby repeal’d.

* II. And whereas by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of

*	Grist Britain, bearing Date at IVeJlminjler the Third Day of June 4 in th* Eighth Year of the Reign of His prefeut Majesty, the Office 1 of Clerk of the Houfe of Commons, with an Annuity of Ten ' Ponds, aad all other Rewards, Dues, Rights, Profits, Com-1 nudities, Advantages and Emoluments whatfoever to the laid 4 Office, after what manner foever, or howfoever, then or theretofore 4iadeitly appertaining, incident, accuftomed or belonging, was ‘ granted to John Hatfell Efquire, for and during his natural Life:

*	Asd whereas alfo by certain other Letters Patent, bearing Date at

fz Geo. III.	D	Wejlwdmfier



Company Money advanced Hy them for PuM'tc Service*, and Company may repay Money advanced alter Jin. i« xSix.

39 & 40 C.j. c. pz. repealed

letters Patent, 3 June, 8 G-3*

4

e'

34

Gu.

A»Dii8i2«

ji-GEO. III.

‘ WeJlminfUr the Fourth Day of July in the Thirty feventh Year of

*	the Reign of His prefent Majesty, the (aid Office was granted ts

*	John Ley Efquirc, for and during his natural Life, to take Effed

*	from and after the Deceafe of the laid John Hat fell, in as full, ample < and beneficial a manner as the fame had been granted to the (aid ‘ Jehu Hatfell as aforefaid : And whereas John Clementfon Efquire 4 was, on the Seventh Day of January lail, appointed by His Roys 4 Highnefs the Prince Regent of the United Kingdom, in the Nam

*	and on the Behalf of His Majesty, to be the Seijeant at Arm 4 attending upon the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, during

*	the Sitting of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient, that, aftc

*	the Interells now vetted in the faid Perfons refpedively (hall expire

*	a different Dittribution fhould be made of the Salaries, Fees am

CommilConers

appointed.

Feet of certain Oficershoar



When Ccmmif-fiotkrn may ad.

4 Emoluments belong 4 Regulations fhoul

_ to the faid Officers refpedively, and tha be eftablifhed in relation to the Salaries an< Emoluments of the faid Officers, and other Officers of the Hoof of Commons ;* Be it therefore enaded, That the Speaker of th Houfe of Commons for the time beingr, and the Secretary or Seen taries of State, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Matter of th Rolls, and the Attorney and Solicitor General for the time bein; fthey and each of them being alfo Members of the Houfe of Commons mall be and thej are hereby nominated, conttituted and appointe Commiffioners for the Purpofes of this Ad ; and any Three of th faid Commiffioners (whereof the Speaker of the Houfe of Commor for the time being (hall be one) (hall be and they are hereby authorize to carry this Ad into Execution.

III.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the Expiratio of the (aid Letters Patent, fo granted to the faid John Hatfell an John Ley, and of the Appointment of the faid John Clementfon a aforefaid, all Salaries, Fees, Perquifites and Emoluments, whk would have been due and payable to any future Clerk or Clerk Aflifl ants of the Houfe of Commons, or Seijeant at Arms attending tb Speaker of the Houfe of Commons for the time being, in cafe th: Ad had not been made, (hall from time to time, as the faid Commi fioners (hall dired, be paid into the Hands of the faid Commi fioners, or of fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall by Warrant un<h their Hands and Seals appoint to colled the fame, and (ball by tb faid Commiffioners be applied and dittributed in the manner hereinaftc direded.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That nothin herein contained (hail be taken or conttrued to prevent the laid Con miffioners, upon the Expiration either of the laid Letters Paten granted to the laid John Hatfell and John Ley Efquires, or of the Ui Appointment of the faid John Clementfon Efquire, which ever ma firtt happen, from carrying the Purpofes of this Ad into Executkx as far as the Nature of the refpedive cafes will admit; and provide alfo, that the (aid John Clementfon, fo long as he (hall continue t hold the faid Office of Seijeant at Arms, mall hold the fame und the like Regulations as the lame was holden by his immediate Prtd cefTor in the faid Office.

4 V. And whereas the Offices of Seijeant at Arms attending tl € Speaker of the Houfe of Commons during the Sitting of Park 4 meat, and of Houfekeeper of the Houfe of Commons, now at 4 and for a long time patt have been holden conjointly by the fen

• Pcrfo

VjOOQLC

A»D.iSi2.

52° GEO. III.

C. ii

35

•	Perioa, and the Salaries, Wages, Fees and Emoluments appertaining

•	to tJie Offices fo holden, have been hitherto brought to account

• conjointly under the A& hereby repealedBe it therefore ena&ed,

That riter the Expiration of the prefent Intereft of the faid John Office of Houfe* CUmentfoa, fo appointed Serjeant at Arms at aforefaid, the Office of Housekeeper of the Houfe of Commons (hall henceforth be holden of Scrji!.nt »t Vf the Perfoo who (hall be appointed to the Office of Serjeant at Amu.

Aims attending upon the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons % and the Salary, Fees and Emoluments heretofore ufually paid to the Housekeeper, fall be paid into the Hands of the faid Commiffioners, or the Perfou or Perfocis fo appointed by them as aforefaid, and be accounted far to the fad Commiffioners, and applied by them together with and xa tke junnrr as all the Salaries, Fees, Perquifites and Emoluments are by this Aft dire&ed to be paid and applied.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That tne Perfon or Perfons fo to Duty of CbU be appointed by the faid Commiffioners to colled and receive the Sa- lcdir of Fees, fanes. Fees, Perquifites and Emoluments, (hall give fuch Security as ftaS be required by the faid Commiffioners, for the faithful Execution of fuch Trail, and duly to account, from time to time, as often as he or they (hall be required fo to do by the faid Commiffioners, far sO Sums of Money which (hall come to his or their Hands as fadl Colkdor or Colle&ors as aforefaid ; and he or they (hall render fach Account of Monies fo received as aforefaid, together with au Account of all the Sums due and payable to the (aid Clerk, Clerk Affiftants, Serjeant at Arms, and Deputy Seijeant at Arms refpec-rively, in Right of their refpedive Offices, who are hereby feverally required to certify fuch Accounts under their Hands relpe&ively; and every Account of Monies received by the Colle&or or Colle&ors (hall be verified by him or them upon Oath as to the State thereof, mi all Particulars relating thereto; which Oath any one of the fai Commiffioners k hereby authorised to adminifter; and fuch Collator or Colle&ors (hall from time to time, as (hall be fixed or prescribed by the faid Commiffioners for that Purpofe, pay into the Bank of England, in the Name and to the Account of the faid Com-nriffiooers, all Sums of Money which (hall have come to or be in his or their Hands as fuch Colle&or or Colle&ors as aforefaid, and fuch Account fhall be called * The Account of the Commiffioners for regulating the Offices of the Houfe of Commons,9 and the Name of the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons for the time being (hall be inferted therein ; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Commimoners to order tbe Monies fo placed to their Account as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, to be paid and applied, from time to time, in making Pay-metes under and far the Purpofas of this A&*

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners (hall. Stmt paid to and they are hereby dire&ed to pay to the Clerk of the Houfe of Clerk, Clerk Couhbobs for the time being, the net annual Sum of Three thoufand Pouafa, for and during the firft Five Years which the faid Clerk of the Houfe of Commons (hall hold hk faid Office, and from and alter the Hour* of Cow-fad Term of Five Years to pay to fuch Clerk of tbe Houfe of Com* moot, moos, the further net Sum of Five hundred Pounds annually, making together the Sum of Three thoufand five hundred Pounds; and to pay to the Clerk AflUUnt for the time being the net annual Sum e£ Two thoufand Pounds, for and during the firiL Five Years which the find Clerk Affidanl (hall liold his faid Office, and from and after

D 2

Google

the



3$	Ci	i*	5a4	GEO.	III.	AD.1811.

»

Provifo.

7& G.3. 0.5a.

Years of Service how to be reckoned.

Salary to Serjeant at Arms.

the Expiration of the faid Term of Five Years, the further net annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds, making together the Sum of Two thoufand five hundred Pounds ; and alfo to pay to the Second Clerk Affiftant for the time being, the net annual Sum of One tbou-fand five hundred Pounds, for and during the firft Five Years which the faid Second Clerk Affiftant (hall hold his faid Office, and from and after the Expiration of the faid Term of Five Years, the further net annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds, making together the Sum of Two thoufand Pounds 5 which feveral annual Sums the faid Com-miffioners are hereby authorized to pay by Half-yearly Payments or Otherwife as they (hall think fit; and which Sums fo paid by the faid Commiffioners to the Clerk and Clerk Affiftant and Second Clerk Affiftant of the Houfe of Commons refpedtively, (hall be taken and accepted by them refpe&ively, in full Satisfaction and Difcharge of fttt Salaries, Fees, Perquisites and Emoluments, to which they might ' or could have been entitled, or which they may have been accuftomed vefoe& ively to receive by virtue or in refpe& of their faid refpedire Offices, previous to the palling of this A&, any former Practice or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall apply to or prevent the demanding, receiving and taking the Fees which may arife from the Examination of the Sufficiency of the Sureties who enter into Recognizances tc profecute Ele&ion Petitions, or for taxing the Colls and Expences oi profecuting and oppofing any fuch Petitions ; which Fees are efts-blilhed and afeertained under and by virtue of an A A of Parliament palled in the Twenty eighth Year of Hisprefent Majesty, for the fur ther Regulation of the Trials of controverted Ele&ions or Returns ol Members to ferve in Parliament. f VIII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That theNum ber of Years more than Five Years which any Clerk Affiftant or Second Clerk Affiftant for the time being, who (hall be appointed tc the Office of Clerk of the Houfe of Commons after the Expiration ol the Letters Patent aforefaid, (hall have held the Office of Clerk Af lift&nt or Second Clerk Affiftant, (hall be reckoned as Part or th< Whole, as the cafe may be, of the Five Years by this Ad requirec <0 entitle the Clerk of the Houfe of Commons to have and receivt the full Salary or Sum of Three thoufand five hundred Pounds; anc ihall entitle fuch Clerk Affiftant or Second Clerk Affiftant fo ap pointed to the Office of Clerk of the Houfe of Commons, to the fill Sum of Three thoufand five hundred Pounds per Annum ; and in like manner if any Second Clerk Affiftant who (hall have ferved more that Five Years as fuch, (hail be appointed to the Office of Clerk Affiftant he (hall be entitled thereupon to the full Sum of Two thoufand fin hundred Pounds per Annum.

IX. And be it further enabled, That it lhallbe lawful for the faic Com miffioners, and they are hereby authorized and dire&cd, fron and after the Expiration of the Intereft of the faid John CUmtntfoi in the laid Office of Serjeant at Arms, to pay to the Serjeant at Armi attending the Speaker of the Houle of Commons, during the Sitting of Parliaofent for the time being, the net annual Sum of Two thou find Pounds, which faid Sum of Two thoufand Pounds (hall be taker and accepted by the faid Serjeant at Arms for the time being in ful Satiafadson and Difcharge of all the Salaries, Fees, Perquifites and Emoktaests, to which any former Serjeant at Arms migat or could 4	‘	n	r	hav<

1

37

52° GEO. Iff.

C. ii.

have been entitled, or which he might have been acctvftoroed to receive by virtue or in refpcd of his faid Office previous to the patting of this Ad, and alfo of the Office of Houfekeeper of the Houfe of Commons hereinbefore mentioned, any former Pradicc or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding: Save and except the Allowance of Three handled Pounds a Year, now ufually paid to fuch Seijeant at Arms, in Beu of a Refidence for the faid Seijeant at Arms, fo at* teodtng the Speaker as aforefaid, until fome fuitable and convenient Refidence m the Vicinity of the Houfe of Commons (hall be provided ns heretofore for fuch Serjeant at Anns as aforefaid ; and which Sum fkah be paid as heretofore by the Lords Commiffioners of Hit Majefiy's Treaftiry, and be receivable by the Serjeant at Arms in addition to fuch Salary as aforefaid, upon the Condition of his ap-plying the lame towards providing himfelf with a Refidence in the Vicinity of the Houfe of Commons as aforefaid.

X. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for the Com* m&ooer*, and they are hereby direded, to pay to the Deputy Serjeant at Arms, an Allowance of Eight hundred Pounds ; whicn faid Sam of Eight hundred Pounds (hall be in lieu of all other Allowances Fees and Emoluments to which any former Deputy Serjeant tt Arms might have been entitled, or which he might have been ac-adkomed to receive by virtue or in refpect of his faid Office, previous to the patting of this Ad, any former Pradice or Ufage to tht contrary notwithftandiug: Save and except an Allowance of Two hundred Pounds a Year, in lieu of a Refidence for the laid Deputy Serjeant at Arms, until fome fuitable and convenient Refidence, in the Vicinity of the Houfe of Commons, (hall be provided as heretofore (which laid Sum (hall be paid to him in like manner, and under the fike Conditions, as the Allowance before-mentioned to the Serjeant 01 Arms) ; and alfo except fuch Caption Fees as, upon an Account thereof to be rendered to the Commiffioners, (hall be allowed by then; which Allowance, in lieu of fuch Refidence and Caption Fees as aforefaid, (hall and may be received by fuch Deputy Seijeant at Arms in addition to fuch Salary as aforefaid.

XI And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby direded, to pay the Collector or Cottedors and other Perfons employed by them in the Execution of this Ad, fuch Salaries or Allowances as (hall appear to them to be juft and reafonable ; and it (hall alfo he lawful for the faid Commif-fiooers, from time to time, to pay and allow to the Clerks in the Office of the Clerk of the Houfe of Commons, fuch Sums and Allowances as may he juft and proper, according to the Rules and Ufeges heretofore, or which may hereafter be eftabliftied, or in ufe, for regulating fuch Allowances; which Payments and Allowance* ftufl be deemed and taken to be in lieu of all Payments for the like Services heretofore made upon Addrefs of the Houfe of Commons or otherwifc.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby authorized and required to prepare and lay before tbe Houfe of Commons, within Twenty Sitting Days after the Com-neoccment of every Seflion of Parliament, a Statement (hewing the Amount of the Money remaining on their Account at the Bank, or cofleded under their Order, purfuant to the Provifions and for the Puvpofes of this Adf after the makiug of all fuch Payments as are

D 3	.	hereinbefore

VjOOQLC

Allowance to Deputy Serjeant at Areas.

Coromiflioners tr> pay Colle&or, fcc. and Clerks.

Account laid be-forf Parliament.

3«

C.u.

A.D.1812

Dire&ion* for laying Annual Accounts before the Houfe of Comr.ons, and for Appropriation of Surplus.

Nomination of Clerks to be held by the Clerk.

52° GEO. III.

hereinbefore required or authorized by tbit AQ, or referving wb* may be neceflary for making fuch Payments, together with a Plano the manner in which it is propofed or intended by the faid Comraif fioners that the Refidue be applied and difpofed of, towards maktsj a Provifion for the Support of fuch Officers of the Speaker of tin Houfe of Commons, or of the Clerk of the faid Houfe, or Seneaa at Arms, as may from cafual circumftance9 appear to require the lame and for affording a permanent Allowance to the Clerk, Clerk Afliil ant. Second Clerk Affiftant, Seijeant at Arms, or Deputy Seijeao at Arms, and fuch other Perfons as aforefaid, who may hare beei dtfabled by Age or Infirmity from the Difcharge of their refpe&iv Duties; which faid Plan (hall be binding and conclufive on the fait Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and dire&ed to earn the fame into Effect, unlefs the faid Houfe, within Twenty Sitting Days after the faid Plan (hall have been fo laid before them, fhal have otherwife ordered and dire&ed ; and then and in fuch cafe wit! fuch Variation as (hall have been fo ordered and dire&ed.

XIII.	ABdbeit further ena&ed. That the faid Commiflioners fhal prepare and lay before the Houfe of Commons, within the furtbei Space of Twenty Sitting Days after the faid Plan (hall have beer concluded upon and eftablifhed, a Statement (hewing the Amount o; the Monies fo received by them by virtue of this Ad, and of th< Purpofes to which the fame (hall have been applied and difpofed of or for which any Sum or Sums of Money may be neceflary to fatisfy the fame, apd carry the (aid Plan into Execution, in order that the Sums neceflary to fupply any Deficiencies in the faid Fund for the Purpofes to which the fame is by this Ad made applicable, and to pay fuch Salaries and Allowances as are direded and authorized by this Ad, may be provided by Parliament; and any Surplus (in cafe it (hall appear from the faid Account that there is in the Hands of the faid Commiffioners a Surplus remaining, after making all Pay. ments required and authorized by this Ad, and carrying into Effed the Plan and Orders hereinbefore mentioned) (hall be applied and difpofed of towards providing, in cafe the Houfe (hall (ee fit, a numeration for the Peirfon or Perfons by whom the Duties of Chair-man of the Committee of Ways and Means (hall have been difchaiged during the then Sefiion of Parliament; aud in cafe there (hall beaoy further Surplus over and above a Sum equal to the Amount of the Charges and Outgoings for the laft Year, and of the Payments propofed and fettled to be made under the Plan abovementioned, together with fuch Remuneration, if any, the faid Commiffioners aiq hereby authorized and required, in the firft Place, to retain fuch Sun| towards Payment of the Charges and Outgoings of the enfuing Yean and to pay thereout all fuch Salaries and Allowances as aforefaid, by Halfyearly Payments or otherwife, as they (hati think fit; and they faid Commiffioners (hall, within Twenty Days after the Conclufionof fuch Sefiion of Parliament, pay the final Surplus into the Exchequer, to the Account of the Consolidated Fund.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That after the Expiration of the prefent Inter* ft of the faid John Hat fell and John Ley, the Power of Nomination or Appointment, by the laid Clerk of the Houfe of Commons, of all the Clerks in his Department, together with the Power of Sufpenfion and Removal of all the Clerks fo .by him nominated o$ appointed, (hall be holden, exercifed aud enjoyed by the faid Clerk



AJXi812*

52® geo. ra.

C. 11,12.

39

of the Houfe, in fuch manner at the fame are holden, exercifed and enjoyed at the time of the paffing of this Ad: Provided nevertheless, that after the Expiration of the hud Letters Patent, granted to the fad Job9 Hatfell and Jobm Ley , no Clerk of the Houfe of Commons fraO exercife the laid Office by Deputy*

XV.	And be it farther ena&ed, That the Power of Nomination Notmmtionof or Appointment by the faid Seijeant at Arms, of all Officers, Mef- Mdfay toW fcngm and other Perfons attendant on the Honfe, together with the **** *T 8ti3eei,t Power of Sufpenfion and Removal of the Officers, Meffengers, and

other Perfoos fo by him nominated and appointed, fhall be holden, ezerdfed and enjoyed by the faid Seijeant, in foch manner as the fame are holden, exercifed and enjoyed at the time of the paffing of this Ad; Pronded nevertbelefs, that fuch Offices under the faid Serjeant, as have heretofore been accuftomed to be fold, fhall continue to be fold, and the Produce thereof fhall be accounted for as here* tofoce, and be paid over to the laid Commiffioners, or to their CoL kdor or Collectors, as hereinbefore dire&ed.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Complaint or Reprefcntation fhall at any time be made to the Speaker

0/ the Houle of Commons for the time being, of the Mifconaud or BaHeiosX Uafitnefs of any Cleik, Officer, Meffenger or other Perfon attendant penftou orRt* on the Houle of Commons, hereafter to be appointed by the Clerk of movaL the Houle of Commons, or Seijeant at Arms, or admitted into their refpedive Departments, (other than the Clerk Affillants and Deputy Serjeant at Arms) it fhall be lawful for the faid Speaker to caufe En* qawy to be made into the Condud or Fitnefs of fuch Perfon; and if thereupon it fhall appear to the Speaker, that fuch Perfon has been rahy of Mifcondud, or is unfit to bold his Situation, it fhall be lawful for the Speaker to require that fuch Perfon fhould be fu£» pended or removed, as the cafe may be, and fuch Perfon fhall be fo fufpeuded or removed accordingly ; and in the cafe of any Perfon fo apponted by the Seijeant at Arms who may have purchafed his Place, inch Perfon fhall be liable to be fo removed as aforefaid, with or without any Return of the Confideration paid by him for the fame, as by the Commiffioners hereinbefore named fhall be adjudged to be

CAP. XII.

An Ad for extending the Laws for preventing the Embezzle* ment of His Majesty’s Naval, Ordnance and Vidualling Stores to Ireland.	[28th February	1812.]

4 TITHEREAS an Ad of Parliament was patted in the Twenty 4 W fecortd Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

*	htkokd An A3 for taking away the Benefit of Clergy from fuch as %% C«r.a c.j. 1 JeaJ Cloth from the Rack, andfrom fuch as JballfieaFor imbczJl His

*	Mtjfy’s Ammunition and Stores : And whereas another Ad of Par- 9 & 10 W.3.

4 lament was pafled in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of &4i.

4 King William the Third, intituled An A3 for the better preventing 4 the Imbczxlew^ent of His Mayfly's Stores of War, and preventing 4 Cheats, Frauds and jfhvfes in paying Seamen's Wages : And whereas 4 another Ad of Parliament was paffed in the Ninth Year of the 9G***«A 4 Reign of King George the Firft, intituled An A3 for continuing fame 4 Law and reviving others therein mentioned, for exempting Apothe-

D 4	f	caries

<^.ooQle

43

C. 12.

520 geo. in.

A.D181

y G.2.C.4CV

9 caries from ferving Parijk and Ward Offices and upon Juries* an 9 relating to Jurors, and to the Payment of Seamen*s Wages and ti 9 Prcfervation of Naval Stores and Stores of War, and concerning tl 9 Militia and Trophy Moneys and again/l clandejline running of ari

* cujlomed Goods, and for more effeSualpreventing Frauds relating j

*	the Cttfloms, and Frauds in mixing Sills with Stuffs to be exported 9 And whereas another Ad of Parliament was pa fled in the Sevei

*	teenth Year of the Reign of King Georg? the Second, intituled A 9 AS to continue the feveral Laws therein mentioned for preventing Tbej 9 and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more ej 9 fcQualpunijbing wicked and evil difpofed Perfons going armed tn JDij 9 guife and doing Injuries and Violences to the Perfons and Propertit 9 of His Majejlyys SubjeSs, and for the more fpeedy bringing the Offcna 9 ers to Juffice ; for continuing Two Clavfes to prevent the cuttnsg 0 9 breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank, and to freven 9 the malicious cutting of Hop Binds, and for the more effeQuaf Pwntfb 9 ment of Perfons malicioufly fetting on Fire any Mine> Pit or Defy 9 of Coal or Cannel Coal, and of Perfons unlawfully hunting or taking

*	any Red or Fallow Deer in Forejis or Chaees, or beating or wound 9 ing the Keepers or other Officers in Forejls, Chaees or Parks ; and fot 9 granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growihf Produce or Menu 9 failure of any of His Majefly's Sugar Colonies in America from tbi 9 faid Colonies diredly to foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain. 9 and navigated according to Law ; and to explain Two A3s relating 9 to the Profecution of Offenders for bnbezzftng Naval Stores or Stores 9 of War, and to prevent the retailing of Wine within either of the 9 Univcrfties in that Part of Great Britain called England, without 9 Licence : And whereas another Ad of Parliament was palled in the

*	Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His prefent

*	Majefty, intituled An A8 for the better t reventing the Embezzle-9 ment of His Majejlyys Naval\ Ordnance and Victualling Stores c And 9 whereas it is expedient that the feveral recited Ads of Parliament,

*	Co far as the fame feverally relate to His Majesty’s Naval, Ordnance 9 and Vi£fcualling Stores therein refpedively mentioned, ftiould be ex-9 tended to and be in fuch and the fame Force in Ireland as the fame 9 refpedively now are in England;y Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the'Advice and Confect of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from

cited Ads as re- and after %h$ palling of this A d, all and every the faid recited Ads late 10 Nava), 0f parliament, fo far as the fame feverally relate to His Majesty’s Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stotes, therein refpedively mentioned, and every Claufe, Matter and Thing therein refpedively contained relating to His Majesty’s Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores, fhall extend to and be of fuch and the fame Force in Ireland\ fo far as the fame are or may be capable of being applied to Ireland\ as the fame refpedively now are in England, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid feveral recited Ads of Parliament, and the feveral Claufes, Matters and Things therein refpedively contained relating to His Majesty’s Naval, Ordnance and Vidualling Stores, and as the fame refpedively now are in Force in England\ were herein and hereby repeated ana re-enad< d for that t*art of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and that all and evert JVfons and Ferfon who fhall commit in Ireland any Offence or Of-

vjOOQLC

39 & 40 G.3. c.8<>

$0 much of re •

Ordnance and Victualling Stores, extended jo Ireland.

4*

520 GEO. III.	C.	12,13.

fences againft all or any of the laid recited A£U of Parliament, fo far as the lame federally relate to His Majesty’s Naval, Ordnance or V&uaHkg Stores, and fhall be thereof lawfully convi&ed, (hall be fiibjeft and liable to fuch and the fame Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and Inabilities as fuch Perfons and Perfbn would by the faid feveral recked Ads of Parliament, or any of them, have been fubjed and liable to is cafe fuch Offence or Offences had been committed within that Fait of the United Kingdom called England.

II. And be it enaded. That all and every Perfons and Perfon who (hall be accofed in Ireland of any Offence or Mifdemeanor againfl the fad recited Ad of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of Hisprefent Majefly, for which, when committed in England, a fommary Mode of Trial and Convidion is by the (aid Ad efla-blifhed, may be tried in the fame fummary manner before any Juftice of the Peace for any County, Divifion, City, Town Corporate, Libaty or Place in Ireland, within which any fuch Offence or Mif-demeanor (hail be committed, provided that no fuch fummary Pro. ceeduig (hall be had before any fuch Juftice of the Peace, without Coafeot in Writing of His Majesty’s Naval Storekeeper for the time being at any Port in Ireland.

CAP. XIII.

An Aft to alter and amend an Ad, patted in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.	[28th February 1812.]

1 II^HEREAS an Ad was patted in the Fifty firft Year of the 4 V\ Reign of His prefent Majelly, intituled An A3 for the Re» 4 hef of certain Insolvent Debtors in England ; wherein it was recited, ‘ that it might he convenient in the then crowded State of the Prifons 4 and Gaols in England and Wales that fome of the Prifoners confined 4 therein, truly furrendering their Effeds to their Creditors, fhould 4 be liberated: And whereas in the faid Ad it was not enaded that * Pedbus committed by the Courts of Law and Equity for Contempt 4 ia sot paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid; and alfo for 1 not paying of Cofts duly and properly taxed and allowed by the ‘ proper Officer after proper Demand made for that Purpofe 5 and 4 alto upon the Writ de Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Procefs, 4 for or grounded upon the Nonpayment of Money, Cofts or Ex-4 peaces, in fome Caufe or Proceeding in fome Ecclefiaftical Court, 4 or for Contempt of fuch Court relating thereto ; fhall be entitled to 1 the Benefit of the faidAd, as has been ufual in fucli cafes: And 4 whereas it is convenient that the Provifions and Benefits of the faid 4 Aft fhall be extended to fuch Perfons as in fimilar cafes hath been 4 heretofore dine Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moll Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament ifcabled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, all Petfons committed as aforefaid by the .Cooru of Law and Equity for Contempt in not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid, and alfo for not paying of Coils duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer after proper Demand made for that Purpofe, and alfo upon the Writ of Excom-mated') Capiendo, or other Proccfs, for or grounded upon the Nonpayment



Google

Offence* againft 39 & 40 G.3. c.89. §29,&c. how tried.

51 G.3. f.125. I*.

Benefit of recited Ad extended to Perfons commit, ted for Contempt in not paying Money awarded cr Colt*.

C. 13,14*

52* GEO-III.

A.D.iSn

payment of Moneys Cofia or Expences, in fome Caufe or Proceed* in fome Ecclefiaftical Court, or tor Contempt of fuch Court rektitt thereto, and who were in Cuftody on the Firft Day of May 0^ thoufand eight hundred and eleven, (hall be and are entitled toallth Benefits of the Provifions of the faid recited Aft of the Fifty firi Year of His prefent Majefly, in the fame manner as if this Provilio had made Part thereof, on and fubjeti to the fame Terms, Condition and Reftridions as are therein expreffc d and declared with refped t Prifoners for Debt only.

An Aft for granting Annuities to difcharge certain Excheque Bills.	[5th March 1812.

• Moft Gracious Sovereign,

« TTTE Your Maiefty's moft dutiful and loyal Subjefts, the Com

*	VV mons of the United Kingdom, in Parliament afiembled

*	being defirous of making Provifion to fatisfy the Principal Sum 1 contained in certain Exchequer Bills, now outftanding, to tfo 4 Amount of Fourteen Millions Sterling, have refolved, that all Per

*	fons interefted in or entitled unto certain Exchequer Bills fhouldb 4 entitled, in refped of the Principal Sums contained therein, to foci 4 Capital Stock in Annuities as are hereinafter mentioned, fubjed t< 4 the Provifions of this Ad We Your Majesty’s mod faitbfu Commons, do therefore moft humbly befeech Your Majesty that 11 may be enaded, and be it enaded by the King's Moft Excelleni Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled,

Holders of cer- and hy the Authority of the fame, That every Perfon interefted in w tain Exchequer entitled unto any Exchequer Bill or Bills dated between the Firft Day

1

to the~Bank. lC* eight hundred and twelve, and the Twenty ninth Day of Februarj

One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, both inclufive, have carried the fame to the Office of the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills, iiakfs the faid Principal Sum of Fourteen Millions Sterling (ball have b«en fooner fubferibed at the faid Office in fnch Exchequer Bills, (hall be paid the Ir.tereft that (hall have become due thereupon to the Ninth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, in Money, as foon after the faid Ninth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, as can conveniently be done, and (hall have m exchange for fuch Exchequer Bills from fuch Paymafters Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* expreffing the Principal Sum contained in fuch Bill or Bills, entitling the Holders of fuch Exchequer Bills, in refpeft of the Amount o? the Principal Sums contained therein, to the Sum of One hundred and eight Pounds Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds fer Centnmper jlnnum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twelve for each One hundred Pounds contained in fuch lafl mentioned Certificates, and fo in Proportion for any greater Sum ; and that all Perfons interefted in or entitled unto fuch Exchequer Bills as aforefaid (hall, by having delivered the fame between the

CAP. XIV.

rcfpc&fte



AJXiSu.

43

$2° GEO. IIL	C. 14,15.

rripeftive Days afbrefaid, into the (aid Office of Paymaflers of Exchequer Bills, be deemed to have accepted of the afbrefaid Terms; which (aid Annuities (hall be paid and payable at the Bank of England, at the times and in the manner herein mentioned: Provided always, Pnwif* that die Amount of the Principal Sums contained in fuch Exchequer Bilk, to be exchanged for Certificates in purfuance of this Ad, mall not exceed the Sum of Fourteen Millions Sterling. u Exchequer Office to receive and cancel fuch Exchequer Bills, on “ granting fuch Certificates. § 2. Certificates to entitle to certain M A acuities, payable at the times herein mentioned. Foreign At-** tachment $ 3. Annuities payable out of Consolidated Fund, f 4.

“ Certificates may be affignable before Augujl t, 1812. § 5. Bank,

“ on receiving Certificates, to give Credit in Books for the Capital u Stock therein mentioned 5 which Stock may be transferred. § 6.

M Exchequer to iffue Money to the Bank for Payment of the An-“ unities, f 7. Accountant General to examine the Cafhiers Ac-M coasts. § 8. Money converted into Five per Cent. Annuities to “ besdded to Joint Stock of Five per Cent- aheady eftablifhed. § 9. u Mode of transferring Stock. § 10. Counterfeiting Certificates,

“ &c. Death. § 11. Bank to continue a Corporation for the Pur-u pafc of this Ad. § 12. No Fee taken. Penalty. § 13. Bank “ to receive a Compenfation for Services. § 14.

XV. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfona General Mite. &all at any time or times be fued, molefted or profecuted, for any tiring by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this Ad, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, fuch Perfon or Perfons Hull and may plead the General Ifluc, and give the fpecial Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence ; and if a Verdid (hall pafs for the Defendant or Defendants, ot the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall difeontinue Iris or their Adion, or be nonfuited, or Judgment (hall be given agauft him or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then fuch Defendant or Defendants (hall have Treble Coifs to him or them awarded Trebls Cofts. againft (rich Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

[This A3, except as to Dates and Sums, is in the fame Words as 50 C. 3. c. 23. and51 G. 3. c. 16.]

CAP. XV.

An Ad for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Grtat Britain ; and for fufpending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties impofed by an Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefly (hall be fuf-pmded 5 and for continuing fo much of an Ad of the Forty feienth Year of His prefent Majesty as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

[5th March 1812.]

1 TT7HEREAS an Ad paffed in the Forty third Year of His * W prefent Majesty, intituled An AS for difeontinuing certain 1 DravUch and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great

« Britain,

43 G g, c. ix*



A.r>. x t

4i G.j. C.JJ.

46G.3. c.ia

47	G.3.felT.i. c.»9.

48	G.3. c.16.

49	G.3. c.u.

49	G.3.098.

50	G.3. c.18.

51	G.3. c.13.

Drawbacks in Schedule to 49G.3.C98. and Bounties in Schedule to 45 G.3. c.93. allowed. Exception.

When Drawbacks (hall be allowed, &c.

34 G.3.C.43.



C.ij.	52*	geo,	in.

*	Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in

4 thereof \ until the Fifteenth Day of January One thoufand eight /wn< 4 and four : And whereas an Aft paffed in the Forty fifth Yea 4 His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to amend Two Ads 4 the Forty third and Forty fifth Tears of His prefent Mafe/ry 4 regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Su 4 from Great Britain : And whereas Three other Afts pa fled in 4 Forty fixth, Forty feventh and Forty eighth Years of His prei 4 Majesty, for further continuing the faid Aft of the Forty tl 4 Year of His prefent Majesty : And whereas another Aft pa flee

*	the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled An

4 further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoief* 4 eight hundred and ten, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the 2 4 portation of Sugar from Great Britain ; andfor fufpending the Cc 4 tervcnling Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties impo/ect 4 an Ad of the Forty fixth Tear of His prefent Majefly Jhalf be J

*	pended : And whereas an Aft paffed in the Forty ninth Year of t 4 Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad for repealing 1 4 feveral Duties of Cufloms chargeable in Great Britain, and J 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And whereas by *Two 0(7/ 4 Afts paffed in the Fiftieth and Firty firft Years of Hi6 prefe 4 Majesty, the Drawbacks allowed by the faid recited Aft palled

4 the Forty ninth Year aforefaid, and the Bounties allowed by tf 4 faid recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefei

*	Majefty were further continued : and it is expedient that the fai

*	Drawbacks and Bounties fo continued by the faid Afts of th

*	Fiftieth and Fifty firft Years of His prefent Majesty, (hould be fin

*	ther continued Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Ex

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lord Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Pariiamen aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the feveral Draw backs in the Schedule to the faid laft recited Aft of the Fortj ninth Year aforefaid annexed, and the Bounties in the Schedule tc the faid recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of Hn prefent Majesty annexed, (hall be refpeftivcly paid and allowed in like manner in every refpeft, and fubjeft to and under, and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (except where any Alteration is made by this Aft) as the faid Drawbacks and Bounties were refpeftively paid or allowed before the paffing of this Aft.	»

II.	And be it further enafted. That if it (hall appear by Notice in the London Gazette publiflied on the Saturday which (hall happen next after the Firft JVednefday in May, the Firft Wednefday in September One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, or the Firft Wed* nefday in January Gne thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, that • the Average Prices of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar taken in manner direfted by an Aft made in the Thirty fecund Year of the Keign of His prefent Majesty, intituled ' An Ad for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugary and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into toe Bahama and Bermuda Iflands in Foreign Ships, for the Four preceding Months, computed to the Wednefday immediately preceding fuch Saturday aforefaid, (hall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings for an Hundred Weight exclufive of the Dutiea of Cuftomt paid or

payable



AJ).i8i2,

45

52* GEO. HI.	C.15.

finable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain, then and in flwy fuch cafe the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedules to the fid recited Afts pafled in the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years of Ifci prefent Majesty aforefaid refpeftively annexed mentioned, as cor-wCpondmg to or with the Price of which fuch Notice in the London GsMttte (kail have been given as aforefaid, (hall he paid or allowed mi Notice of any other Average (hall in like manner appear in the Lmdt* Gonette on auy other of fuch Saturdays as befot e mentioned ; and foch Drawback or Bounty (hall be paid or allowed in like manner in einy relpeft, and fubjeft and under and according to the like Roles and Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks or Bounties were paid or allowed before the palling of the (aid firil recited Aft, except as any fuch Rules or Regulations are altered by the faid recited Afts of the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years aforefaid.

* III. And whereas bv an Aft palled in the Forty ninth Year of 9 the Reign of Hii prelent Majesty, intituled An A3 for repealing 490.3. c. pg.

4 tie fiverai Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for 4 grouting other Duties in lieu thereof, the Lord High Treafurer or 4 the Lords Commiilioners of His Majesty *8 Treafury, or any Three 3 ^

*	or more of them, are authorifed to fufpend the Payment of the ad-1 ditional Duties of Cuftoms on Sugar, granted by the faid laft ‘ recited Aft, either in the Whole or in Part, whenever the average 9 Price of Sugar ascertained as direfted by the laft recited Aft, and

*	by another Aft pafled in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty,

9 intituled An AS for regulating the Mode in which the average Price ^ q ^ c ^

9 of Brown or Mufcovado Sugary exclujive of the Duty thereon» is to 9 be ajcertmmtd under the Provifions of an A3 pajfed in the Forty 9 Jim Tear of His prefent Majesty, (hall be below the Prices men-

*	booed in the faid fiiR recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year afore-‘ kid: And whereas it is expedient, that, during the Period of fuch

*	Sofptafion, the Countervailing Duties on Refined Sugar imported 4 from Ireland into Great Britain, and the equivalent Drawback or 9 Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the 9 Manufacture of Great Britain, and alfo the additional Bounty 9 00 the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain, other 4 than to Ireland* impofed and allowed by the faid laft recited Aft,

4 (bouldia like manner be fufpended ;9 Be it therefore further enafted.

That whenever the Lord High Treafurer, or the Lords Commif- When Treafury fiooersef His Majesty's Treafury for the Time being, (hall cxercife fufpend Payment the Power veiled in them, and (hall, according to the Directions of of Duty on the (aid Aft, fufpend the Payment of the Whole or Part of the Su**r Dibes 00 Sugar thereby impofed, it (hall be lawful for them and ihaU aho they are hereby authorized and required in like manner and for the foCperd Counfib Period, te fufpend either the Whole of the additional Counter- tervaUmg Dubes, «ading Duties of Cuftoms on Refined Sugar of the Manufafture of Irduit imported from thence into Great Britain, and of the addition! Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufafture of Great Britain, and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain other than to Ireland* impofed and allowed by the faid laft recited A&, or fuch Part thereof refpeftively as (hall bear a juft Proportion toffe Amount of Duty fo itffoeaded.

IV. And



46

43 0.3. c.ix.

«*uinutd.

C. 15.

$2° GEO. in.*

A.D.isi

47 G. 3.felT.i.

c.aj.

11.

§8.

§U.

4?G*3. c.«i.



49 0.3. cio. 51G.3.C13.

4 5.

£0 much of 47G.3. (eflT.i. C.22. MS relates to Bounties on Raw Sugars sontuiued. Bounty on Raw Sugar to be governed by average Prices of Brown Sugar pub lifted in London Gazette.

Aft may be altered, Sec.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid recited Aft of Forty third Year of Hit prefent Majesty, and all the Powers, I vifions, Authorities, Regulations, Claufes, Matters and Thins the faid Aft contained, except as the fame are varied or altered this Aft, (hall be and the fame are hereby further continued fl the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou fand eight hundred twelve, and (hall be and remain in full Force until the Fifteenth ] of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, for the Portll London, and until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eid hundred and thirteen, for other Parts of Great Britain.

* V. And whereas by an Aft palled in the Forty feventh Yea* His prefent Majesty, intituled An ASt to allow for Two Tears, fi and after the faffing of this AS, an additional Bounty on Dos Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sui to fuch as fhall be founded, crafbed or broken ; and to allow fori Tear certain Bounties on Britim Plantation Raw Sugar exporter certain Bounty was allowed upon the Exportation of Double ] fined Sugar ; and alfo a Bounty was allowed upon the Ex porta! of Raw Sugar ; and it was cnafted that fo much of the faid redti Aft as related to the allowing of a Bounty upon Double Refit* Sugar (hould continue in force for Two Years from the palling < the faid Aft ; and fo much thereof as related to the allowing of Bounty upon Raw Sugar (hould continue in force for One Ye, from the pafiing of that Aft : And whereas by. another Aft pafle in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A to amend and continue until the Twenty fifth bay of March One thm fand eight hundred and nine, fo much of an AS of tbe Forty feveni Tear of His frefent Majesty, as allows certain Bounties on Britil Plantation Raw Sugar exported, fo much of the faid firft recite Aft as related to the faid Bounties upon Raw Sugars was forth continued with certain Alterations till the Twenty fifth Day < March One thoufand eight hundred and nine: And whereas : much of the faid recited Aft of the Forty feventh Year aforefai as relates to the Bounties upon Raw Sugar, as altered and co> tinned by the faid laft recited Aft, and alfo the faid laft recite Aft altering and continuing the fame, have been by fubfequent Ai continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufai eight hundred and twelve ; and it is expedient that the faid Bou ties (hould be further continued 5* Be it therefore enafted, Th fo much of tbe faid recited Aft of the Forty feventh Year aforefai as relates to the Bounties on Raw Sugars, as altered and continue by tbe faid recited Afts, (hall be further continued until the Twem fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That, from ai after the Fourth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred ai twelve, the Allowance of the Bounty granted upon the Exportath from Great Britain (except to Ireland) of Britijh Plantation Ra Sugar by the faid (aft recited Aft of the Fojty feventh Year of t Reign of His prefent Majesty, (hall be governed by the averaj Prices of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, computed and publilhed the London Gazette, for the Periods, at the Times, and in tl manner hereinbefore direfted.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altere nmended or repealed by any Aft to be paffed in this prelent Sel2i< of Parliament.



C A 1

AJ).i8ii.

t

52° GEO. UL

C. 16.

47

CAP. XVI.

An A£k for the more exemplary Puniihment of Perfons deftroy-ing or injuring any Stocking or Lace Frames, or other Marhines or Engines ufed in the Framework knitted Ma-nufa&ory, or any Articles or Goods in fuch Frames or Machines ; to continue in force until the Firft Day of March One thoofand eight hundred and fourteen.

[20th March 1812.]

4 ¥¥TH£REAS the Provifions of an A& of the Twenty eighth 4 VV Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An 4 AS fir the better and more eJfeSual ProteSion of Stocking Frames 4 md the Machines or Engines annexed thereto or ufed therewith, and

*	fir the Ptaeijbment of Perfons defiroying or injuring of fuch Stocking

* Frames* Machines or Engines, and the Framework knitted Pieces9

*8G.j. *SS-

4 Stockings* and other Articles and Goods ufed and made in the Hoftery 4 or Framework hutted ManufaSory, or breaking or defraying any 4 Machinery coatamed in any MiU or Mills ufed or in any wan employed 4 aft preparing or fpisming of Wool or Cotton for the Ufe of the Stocking 4 Frame* hare been found ineffe&ual : And whereas fuch Outrages 4 hive for fame time pad been carried on to an alarming Extent; it 4 is therefore neceffary that more effectual Provifions fhould be made * agaiaft fuch unlawful Pra&ices, and for preventing fuch Outrages,

4 and bringing Offenders therein to exemplary Juffice; and that fuck 4 Provifions mould be extended to the Frame-work Lace Manu-4 hftory, again ft: which fimiiar Outrages have been committedMay it therefore pleafe Vour Majesty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it caafiked by the King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Cannons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall, by Day or by Night, enter by Force into any Houfe, Shop or Place, with an Intent to cut ftroying Prams-or deftroy any Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings or Lace, or ™ork k"h*e* other Articles or Goods being in the Frame, or upon any Macliiue or Engine thereto annexed, or therewith to be ufed or prepared for that Porpofc; or with an Intent to break or deffroy any Frame, Machine, Engine, Tool, In ft ru meat or Utenfil, ufed in and for the working and making of any fuch Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings,

Lace, or other Articles or Goods in the Hofiery or Framework knitted Manufa&ory ; or (hall wilfully and malicioufly, and without hrag the Content or Authority of the Owner, deftroy, or cut with an Intent to deftroy or render ufclefs, any Framework knitted Pieces,

Stocking*, Lace, or other Articles or Goods being in the Frame, or ■pan any Machine or Engine as aforefaid, or prepared for that Pur.

Me; or (hall wilfully and malicioufly, and without having the Contest or Authority of the Owner, break, deftroy or damage with an lot*** to deftroy or render ufekfs any Frame, Machine, Engine,

Tool, Ioftrument or Utenfil ufed in and for the working and making if any fuch Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace, or other Articles or Goods in the Hofiery or Framework knitted Stocking, or Framework Lace Maaufa&ory; or (hall wilfully and malicioufly, and without having the Confent or Authority of the Owner, break

Cutting or de-

Pieces, kc. or Mai hi net ufed in Manu atture.



Google

or

c.16.

A.D.18IJ

Death.

Perfons in whofa Houle or Cul-lody Frames, Machines, or Engines deft royed to give Notice to Owners «nd ?o liefore Magiilr^te.

Mifdemeanor.

Misdemeanors.

52° GEO. III.

or deftroy any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills ufedor an way employed in preparing or fpinping of Wool or Cotton, or othe Materials for the Ufe of the Stocking or Lace Manufactory, ever Offender being thereof lawfully convi&ed (hall be adjudged guilt of Felony, and (hall fuffer Death, as iu cafes of Felony without Bcnef of Clergy.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon in whofe Houi or Cuftody or Poflcflioo any Frame, Machine or Engine, Tool, It ftrument or Utenfil, ufed in and for the working and making of an Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace, or other Articles c Goods in the Hofiery or Framework knitted Stocking, or Frami work Lace Manufa&ory as aforefaid (not being his or her Property (hall be at the time of the Deftru&ion or damaging thereof, or c any Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace, or other Article or Goods, being in the Frame, or upon any Machine or Engine 1 aforefaid, and who (hall not, within Twenty four Hours after he c (he (hall have known of fuch Deftru&ion or Damage being committe as aforefaid, give Notice thereof to the Owner of fuch Frame Machine or Engine, Tool, Inftrument or Utenfil, as aforefaid, i refiding within Twelve Miles, or if fuch Owner (hall not rehd within fuch Diftance, then to fome known Agent of fuch Ownei if any fuch Agent (hall refide within the Diftance of Twelve Miles and alfo within Forty eight Hours, go before fome Juftice of th Peace or Magiftrate refiding near the Place where fuch Deftru&io; or Damage (hall have taken place as aforefaid, to be examined upoi Oath, as to every Matter or Thing relating to tlie committing 0 fuch Deftru&ion and Damage, and his Knowledge thereof, and 01 all Particulars relating thereto, which may lead to the Difcovery 0 the Offender therein, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Negie& be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor 5 and every fuch Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted upon any Indi&ment or Information, ma] be puoifited as in Cafes of Mifdemeanor, by Fine and Imprifonment at the Difcretion of the Court in which he (hall be convided ; aw every Juftice of [the Peace or Magiftrate before whom any fuel Perfon (hall fo go, (hall examine fuch Perfon upon Oath (which Oatfc every fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate is hereby authorized tc adminifter) as to his Knowledge of fuch Damage or Deftni&ion, and of the Perfons committing the fame, or of any Particulars which may lead to the Dete&ion of the Offenders therein; and (hall alfo allow the Owner of the Frame, Machine or Engine, Tool, Inftrument 01 Utenfil, as aforefaid, or Agent if prefent, to put any Queftion upon Oath to fuch Perfon for the Difcovery of the Offender ; and if fuch Owner or Agent (hall not have had fufficient Notice to be prefent when fuch Perfon came before the Juftice or Magiftrate for Examination as aforefaid, fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate (hall, if required by the Owner or Agent aforefaid, or if fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate (hall deem it neceffary, although no fuch Ro quifition (hall be made, again call fuch Perfon before him for Examination by the Owner or Agent aforefaid ; and every fuch Perfon who (hall neglect or refufe (upon being fummoned) to appear again before fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, and be again examined as aforefaid (hall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and punifhed as in cafes of Mifdemeanort, at the Difcretion of tbe Court in which be or (he (hall be coovi&ed.



III. And



49

$2° GEO. III.	C. 16,17.

Ill* And be it further eroded, That if any Perfon examined by or before any Juflice of the Peace or Magiftrate under this Ad aa aforesaid, (hall wilfully or corruptly fwear any Matter or Tiling which loll be falfe or untrue ; or if any Perfon (hall fuborn or procure any Perfoo to commit Penury in any fuch Examination, every fuch terfoo fo offending, and being thereof duly convided, (hall be and » hereby declared to be fubjed and liable to the like Pains and Penalties u are by Law infli&ed upon Perfons committing Perjury, or guilty of Subornation of Perjury.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be paffed in this Seflion of Parliament.

V.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad (hall remain and continue in force until the Firft Day of March One thoufand eight handled and fourteen, and no longer.

CAP. XVII.

An Aft for the more effe&ual Prefervatiort of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding, until the Firft Day of March .One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, in Places where Difturbances prevail or are apprehended.	[20th	March	1812.]

WHEREAS confiderable Numbers of diforderly Perfons have for fome time paft affembled themfelves together, on dif-1 front Occafions, in a riotous and tumultuous manner, in feveral 1 Part* of the County of Nottingham, and in the Town and County 4 of the Town of Nottingham, and in the adjoining Counties, and have 1 bad Recourfe to Meaiures of Force and Violence, and have adually 1 committed various Ads of Outrage in different Parts of the faid * Counties, whereby the Property of many of His Majesty’s Subjeds * has mineral Ioflances been wholly deftroyed, and their Lives and 4 Properties are ftill endangered: And whereas the giving more 4 prompt Means, and more effedual Powers for enforcing the Duties * of watching in the Night-time, and warding in the Day-time, will 4 tend to the Prefervation of the Peace, and to the Protedion of the 4 Perfons and Properties of the Inhabitants of the faid Counties, and 4 of any other Counties in which fimilar Outrages may be com-4 nutted :* May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it may be ecafted; and be it enaded by the King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by sad with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Cuftos Rotulorum, or in ha Abfeoce the Sheriff, or any Five Juftices of the Peace ading in ltd far any County in that Part of the United Kingdom csuled EqtmJ, may, from time to time, and as often as Occafion (hall reaoire, in cafe any Difturbances or Offences againft the Peace pre-uiW or being apprehended within the County, (hall in his or their Optoma render the Execution of this Ad advifable and neceffary, by Older under his or their Hands and Seals refpedively, dired the (Serkof the Peace ading for the County, or his lawful Deputy, to comm and affemble a Special General Sefiions of the Juftices of the Peste ading in and for the County, by Notice given in fome 52 Gso. III.	£	Newfpapet



Perjury.

Ad mxy be repealed.

Continuance of Ad.

Cuftos Rotulorum or Sheriff er Juftices to convene a Special General Sefiions for Execution of Ad.

s«

C.17.

52* GEO. HI.

A.O. tltl

justices in Special General Sef-flons to adjudge and declare the State of the P ace in the County, and Expediency of executing AIL

JufHces to fum-mon Witneflea, and to make Compenfation to them.

Newfpaper circulating in the County, and put up upon the Cboro Doors and confpicuous Places of the Market Places, if any, of d feveral Parifhe*, Towns and Places in which fuch Difturbance flri be or are apprehended. Two Days at the lead before the time fill for the Meeting, to take into Confideration, and to determine upj the Expediency of carrying into Effect all Or any of the Powers at Provifions of this A6t; and the Juftices fo aflembled may adjourn tl faid Special General Seflions, and fo from time to time as Occafi may require.

II.	And be it farther ena&ed, That in cafe it ihall appear to t| Juftices of the Peace at any fuch Special General Seflions fo \ fembled as aforefaid, that Difturbances prevail or are apprehended the County, within any Parilh, Townfhip or Place, fituated with their refpeftive Jurifdiftions, and that the ordinary Officers appointi for preferving the Peace are not fufficient for the Proteftion of t! Inhabitants and Security of the Property being or lying in the Parij Town (hip or Places wnere fuch Difturbances prevail or are appt hended, then and in any fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the li Juftices, not being lefs than Five, and they are hereby empowered adjudge and declare, that the Officers ordinarily appointed are infi; ficient for the Preservation of the Peace, and for the Proteftion the Inhabitants, and the Security of the Property beitag or lying any fuch Parifh, Townfhip or Place; and that every Man refidSi within any fuch Parifh, Townfhip or Place, above the Age of Sere teen Years, and charged or aflefled to the Kate for the Relief of tl Poor therein, .'hall be fubjeft and liable to the Duties of watchii by Night and warding by Day, according to the Provifions of th Aft; and thereupon to authorize and order the Powers and Pr vifions of this Act to be carried into Execution within every or ai fuch Parifh, Townfhip or Place, and forthwith to give Notice i fuch their Adjudication and Orders to Hi9 Majesty’s Pi incipal Sed tary of State for the Home Department, and Notice of fuch Adjud cation fhall alfo be publifhed by the Clerk of the Peace in forae 01 or more Newfpaper or Newipapers ufually circulating in the Count

III.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for aj Juftice of the Peace afting in and for any fuch County, by SumroP under his Hand and Seal, t6 caufe to come before any fuch Sped General Selfions fo aflembled as aforefaid, any Perfon or Perfoi whomfoever, to give Evidence and to be examined concerning ai Matters relating to the Execution of this Aft ; and the Juftices 3 every fuch Special General Seflions are hereby authorized and eu powered to order the Treafurer of the County to pay out of tl County Rates to every Perfon fo fummoned or required to gil Evidence as aforefaid, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as by the Jufbcj at their faid Special General Selfions may be adjudged to be a prop and reafonable Compenfation for his, her or their Lofe of Tin* Trouble and Expences; and if any Perfon fo fummoned as iforeftid Ihall negieft or refufe to appear at the time appointed by fuch Sut( mons, and np juft or reasonable Excufe fhall be made, or fufficier Caufe afiigned for fuch Abfence; or if any Perfon appearing upd any fuch Summons Ihall refufe to be examined upon Oath, it maD^ lawful for the Juftices prefent at fuch Special General Seffion*, b] Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two of them, to comm! any fuch Perfon fo neglefting or refilling to appear, or refufing tl

io	b

VjOOQLC

A.D. ill?.	520	GKO.	III.	C.	17.

fe examined, to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion of the Groty* for any time not exceeding Three Months.

IV And be it further enafted, That the laid Juftices in luch 9pcal General Sellions fhall order Notice of fuch their Adjudica |£» to be given by the refpeftive Chief Conftables to the feveral Con-fables of every Parilh, Townlhip or Place in which the Powers and Pterin* of this Ad are required to be enforced by any fuch Adjudicates u rforefaid, and to the Special Conitables, if any (hall have bees sppoicted under this Ad, and to ilTue Precepts requiring from tie md Cooftables, within fuch time as (hall be required by the Jadme^ dot exceeding Three Days after fuch Notice, a fair and true lift of the Nantes, Occupations and Ages of all the Men ufually and tt tkt Time dwelling within their refpeftive Parilhes, Townlhips irFboes, atove the Age of Seventeen Years, and who are charged ptdettd to the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor therein, and to cetera the fame to the faid Juftices, or to any Two of them, affem-bW m fuch Special or Petty Sellions as lhall or may be appointed ft be idd for receiving the fame.

V. A»d be it further enafted, That it lhall be lawful for every Copiahie required to return or affift in the making out any fuch Lift M afotebid, to demand from the refpeftive O veneer or Overfeers of 4* Poor of every fuch refpeftive Parilh, Townlhip or Place, a true Copy of the A&ffment laft made for the Relief of the Poor therein, or t)»e Iflfpeftkra and Ufe of fuch .AffelTment, for making a Copy or Copies of the fame, or any Part thereof, or Extrafts thereof; and it cafe any Inch Qverfeer or Overfeers lhall oegled or refufe, by the Spaa of Twenty fonr Hours, to deliver fuch Copy of the fepd Afljeff-meot, if the lame Audi be demanded, or lhall refufe the Infpedion and Ufcof Inch Afleffment, he or they lhall forfeit a Sum not exceed-acTa Pounds for every fuch Oftence.

VI And be it further enaded. That <eyery fuch Conftable lhall, md he is hereby required, within fuch Time as lhall he preferibed bjthe laid Juftices, to make out a true Lift of every Man within the ftrift, Townlhip or Place, or apy Part thereof, for which he MI be required to make out fuch Lift, above the Age of Seventeen Yean, and rated at aforefcid, and lhall to every fuch Perfon deliver t Nstke according to the Fqrm contained in the Schedule hereto maned, marked (A.), fpecifying that his Name is contained in fuch lift, nod mentioning the Time and Place appointed by the Juftices for fearing Appeals by Perfons claiming to be exempt from the Ditto mprirea or enjoined by this Aft.

Vfl. And be it further enafted, That the laid Juftices of the Ptett,sr»vTwo ofrthqm, may frqm time to time ilTue their Order wfe Mr Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of any Con-Afefcsr other Officer of any iuch Parilh, Townlhip or Place, at fetTw and Place within the faid County, as lhall in fuch Order fe«priU* and j£ any fuph Conftable or Officer lhall without UUm	negfeft	to	appear	according to fqch Order, ,orkto

ntersmyLift whicn lhall have been taken by him under this Asft, vUa making fuoh Return bp guilty of any Fraud or wilful Patilityorgro&Neglcft, he fell, for every fuch Offence, be^ia^e Twenfy PQumfes nor fefsjthan Fqrty

e *	vm- Atf



Google

S1

Imprisonment.

Juftices in Specif General Sef-flons to order Chief Conflablea to require Lifts to he made by Pet* y Coni I ablet, ol h 1 i Men above the Age of 17 Years paying Poor Rates, to be returned to Petty Seffons.

Conftablea to demand Copies of Afleffracnts.

Overfeers Deleting to deliver fame.

Penalty.

Conftables to return Lifts of Perfons liable, and to give Notice to Parties fpecifying Time and Place of Appeal.

Juftices may require Attendance of Cou-ftables, and a Return of Lifts.

Penalty.

A.l). il

J unices m?y require new Lift* it Ojiginals loll, &c.

Conft iMe to verify Returns on O ttli.

J.nlices to amend Lilts and arrange order of watching and warding.

Where it (hall appear that Number of Per-fons rated tc Poor Kate in any Place, are not fufficient for watching and warding,

Juft ices to require other Lifts.

Appeal

Special Seflioas to appoint Special Con-(tables to regulate Watch •nd Ward.

C.17.	52*	GEO. m.

VIII.	And be it ena&ed, That if any fuch Lift of any Pa Townfhip or Place, be loft or deftroyed, any Two Juftices of Peace for the County within which any fuch Parifh, Townfhij Place is fituated, mav at any Special or Petty Seflions, order caufe a new Lift to be made and returned to them as aforefai< fuch time as they may appoint.

IX	And be it enafted, That the Conftables who fhall have 1 any fuch Lifts, fhall feverally attend and verify the faid Return Oath, on fuch Day and at fuch Place as may be appointed ; am faid Juftices at any Special or Petty Seflions held For carrying A6t into Execution, or any Two or more of them, (hall, after 1 ing any Appeals or Claims of Exemption, diredt fuch Lifts t amended as the cafe may require, and fhall alfo direct the Nam* all Perfons omitted to be inferted; and after amending the faid 1 fhall appoint fuch Number of Inhabitants fo liable to undertake execute the faid Duties of watching and warding, as the faid Juf fhall think necefTary to keep Watch in every fuch Parifh, Towi or Place, every Night from Sun-fet until Sun*rHe, and alfo to ] Ward during the Day-time, if need in their Judgment fhall reo (reafonable Regard being had to the Extent and Population of faid Parifh, Townfhip or Place) ; and fhall alfo determine, fettle, arrange, the Order, Rotation and Time, in which every Perfo liable to the Duty of watching and warding, fhall undertake perform the fame, and regulate the manner in which the faid £ fhall be performed.

X.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That it (hal) lawful for the Juftices of the Peace, in any cafe in which it I appear to them that the Number of Perfons rated to the Poor R in any Parifh, Townfhip or Place, is not fufficient for the Dut watening and warding under this Adi, to require any other L and appoint any fuch Number of other Perfons as may appeal them to be necefTary to perform the Duty of watching and wan under the Provifions of this Adi; who mall be thereupon liabk perform fuch Duty, and fubjedi to all the Provifions, Powers, Att rities, Forfeitures, Penalties and Provifions of this Adi, as if had been returned in the Lifts of the Perfons rated to the Poor it fhall be lawful for the faid Juftices to allow to fuch Perfoni Compenfation for their Services as may appear to them to ben able and proper to be paid in like manner as any Compeofau Perfons watching and warding is diredted by this A& to be pa

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon whole fhall be inferted in any fuch Lift or Lifts as aforefeid, fhall think fclf aggrieved thereby, or by the Omiffion of any other Nam* fhall claim to be exempted from ferving, he may make Aj>pd the Special or Petty Seflions appointed for hearing fuch Apj and that the Juftices of the Peace then and tho^prefent, or aof or more of them, may hear and det—urine the feme ; and in ck feme Appeals cannot be heard on the Day appointed, they ml journ to any other Day or Days.

XII.	And be it ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for the feid Jd at any Special or Petty Seflions, to appoint fuch Number, a fuch Perfons, whether rated or refident in the Parifh or Phi not, as to them fhall appear fit and proper, to be denomi Special Conftables, who, (in conjunction with or independent d

Qonti

A.D. i8ix.

53

5 2° GEO. in.

c.17.

S*

Caoftsblef for tbe time being) or One or more of them, according t» foe Order of tbe (aid Juftices, (hall dired, regulate and manage, boa time to time, all Perfons engaged or employed in keeping Watch or Ward: Provided always, that tne faid Special Condables, and all foe bid Perfons fo engaged or employed in watching or in warding, foan be fobbed to tbe general Superintendence and Controui of the ChkfCoduhle in and for tbe Hundred or Diviflon in which each of tbe bid Panlhes, Town (hips or Places is refpettively fituated 5 prodded foat so Perfon, not refident in the Pariln or Place for which he Adi be ib appointed a Special Conftable, (hall be obliged to ferve as hA^&Contcnt.

Xlft Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if it (hall ■r to the Cuflos Rotulorum, or Sheriff or Ju dices a fore fa id, who dntd the convening and aflembling of any Special General iom as aforefoid, that the Circumdances under which they con-t focb Seffions, make it advifeable that watching and warding U be enforced with as little Delay as poffible, if the Judices afeabfcd at the Special General Seffions (hould deem the Execution of foe Ad ueceflary, it (hall be lawful for fuch Cuflot Rotulorum, or or Judices, to give Notice to the Condables, and appoint ofoer Special Condables, and require Lids, and hear Appeals, and fo attach Ads, Matters and Things, and ufe and cxercife all Powers, aad Authorities for the completing of every Ad, Matter and Thing teceiuy, for the more fpeedy Execution of the Ad, if the Special Geaeral Seffions (hall upon aflembling deem it neceflary to put the Probfioos thereof in force; and all the Penalties, Forfeitures and Segnbiioos in this Ad, (hall be applied for the enforcing fuch Dire&ons of the Cuftos Rotulorum, Sheriff, orJuftices aforeUid, as 3 the Special General Seffions had adjudged the Ad to be carried into Execution; and in the mean time, it (ball be lawful for any Two of foe laid Joftices to appoint Special Condables for the Purpofe of wstdfog and warding; and al(o to appoint any other Perfons who may be willing to undertake the faid Duty, until the Determination of foe Special General Seffion (hall be known; and to dired the Payment to fuch Condables and Perfons refpedively, of Compen-bt»D in manner direded by this Ad, as if the Provifions thereof were in force under the Adjudication of the Special General Seffions.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That the Chief Condable of every Hundred or Diviflon (hall, once at lead In every Week, or as often as the (aid Judices (hall dired, viflt every Parifh, Townftiip or Mace, in which Watch and Ward (hall be carried on under the Proiifiow of this Ad; and (hall diligently inquire refpeding the maser in which Ae faid Duties of watching and warding have been earned into Effed within the faid feveral Pariflies, Town (hips or Places, and (hall make and deliver a faithful Report of the fame, and of fo Matters relating to the Prefervation of the Peace, in Writing tofoeMices at their refpedive Special or Petty Stfiions.

XV.	And be it enaded, That if any Perfon fo appointed to watch or to ward, (hall negled or refufe to appear at fuch Time and Place £ (ball be appointed by the Condable or Special Condable or’Con-tfoksoftbe Parifh, Townlhip or Place, for the Performance of the Duties, or either of them, or (hall negled or refufe to proceed voridibg t6 the Dirediotis and Orders df the Conftable, or of the Special Condable or Condables of any fuch Farilh, Townlhip or

£ 3	Place,



Cuftoe Rotulo- * rum, or Sheriff^ may direct Att to be put in Execution before Special General Seffion* are met.

Chief ConftaMes

to \ jfit «nd re • n»rr to Special Seffions.

Refuting to watch or ward.

$4

A.D.iSi:

Penalty.

Provifo for Perfon* above Fifty Years of Age, not occupying aoL a Year.

Subftitute*, approved by Petty Seftiort* or C&itf Conftable*.

Conftable*, at the Fxpence of Paridict, to provide nccefftry Arms, See. by Direction of Special Sefljon*.

C.rj.

5^Gt6. m.

Place, 1ft thfc regular and pun&ual Performance of the faid Dot; every fuch Rerfon fo neglecting or refufing, who fhall not prove i the Satisfaction Of the Magiftrite that he was prevented by Illnd or fuch other unavoidable Accident ad fhall in the Judgment of tl Juftices be a fufficient Excufe, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forft and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds hot- lefs than For Shillings for every fuch Negleft or Rcfufal: Provided ncvmhde that the laid Juftices of the reace, or any Two of them, at the fa Special or Petty Scffions, may exempt and difeharge from the Do of watching or warding any Man exceeding the Age of Fifty Yesu and not occupying Lands or Tenements Of the yearly Value Twenty Pounds.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That no Perfo who fhall have found a fufficient Subftitute, to be approved by tl faid Juftices in the faid Special or Petty Seffiohs, or by the Chi Conftable of the Hundred or Divifion in wnich the faid Parifh, Tow fhip or Place (hall be fituate, and who fhall have inrolled the Nan Age, Occupation, and Place of Abode of fuch Subftitute in tl Book of the Conftable, or his lawful Deputy, within the faid Parii Townfhip or Place, fhall be liable to any fuch forfeiture ; but th every fuch Subftitute, fo appearing and To being inrolled, (ball 1 fubjed to the fame Duties and Authorities, and alfo to the fame P nalties for neglcdting or refufing to execute the fame, or obey fin Authorities, as if he had been perfonally fubjeft to keep Watch ai Ward; unlefs he fhall give Notice in Writing of his Intentiou withdraw his Service as a Subftitute, both to the faid Conftable at his faid Employer, at leaft Two Days before the time when the S< vicefc of the faid Subftitute fhould become neceflarV, according to t Rotation or Succeffion eftablifhed within the faid Parifh, Townfh or Place.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That the Conftables of Parifl* Townfhips or Places, fhall, at the Expence of the fame, provH Rattles, Staves, Lanthorns, and fuch Weapons, Arms, and AcCoutt ments, as the faid Juftices fhaU at their faid Special or Petty Seffiot direft, for the Ufe of every Perfon fo keeping Watch or Wan1 fuch Arms Snd Articles to be delivered to every Perfon who (hi undertake the faid Duty of watching and warding, and tb be r turned by every fuch Perfon to the Special or other Conftable of tl Watch, as foon as any fuch Perfon fhall ceafe to be engaged or a ployed in the faid Duties of watching or warding; and fhall all provide, 'at the like Expence df the faid Parifhes, Townfhips < Places, fuch Watch Houfe or Watch Houfes, or other Accoana dations and Conveniences as the faid Juftices fhall in like manner » judge heceflafy or expedient; and all fuch Expencfes fhall be paid o\ df the Poor Rates of each Parifh or Townfhip, or if more rarilb or Townfhips than One, out of the Poor Rates of the feveral Parifh or Townfhips, and fhall be railed and contributed in fuch Proportion as fhall be fettled by the Juftices at Special or Petty Scffions $ fubje neverthelefa to Revifion, and any fuch Alteration as may appear t be proper by the Juftices affembled at the next or any fublequei Special General Seffions, in cafe any Yarifh fhall think the Pnoportka are not properly regulated by the Juftices at fuch Special or Pett Scffions*

XVIIL An<



Google

iJ), ilnu

5*° GEO. m.

c.17.

J 5

XVIII- And be it ena&ed, That every Perfon fo appointed to witch or to ward, /hall, during his refpe&ive time of watching or qanii&g, to the utmoft of his Power, endeavour to prevent all Mur-dm, Burglaries, Robberies, Affrays, and all Felonies, Outrages, and piforden; and for that End, each and every of them is hereby authorized and empowered to arreft and apprehend all Night walkers, Makfe&ots, Rogues, Vagabonds, and other loofe, idle, disorderly Mpcbus Perfons, who (hall be found within the Precindls or Impart of his faid Parifh, Townfhip or Place, and to deliver the ftrion or Perfoas fo apprehended, as foon as conveniently may be, to the Conflable, or to fome Ope of the Special Conftables for the faid Parifh, Townfhip or Place, at the Watch Houfe, or if there be no Watch Honk, at fuch other Houfe or Place of Security as may be qppomted for the Reception and Detention of fuch fufpicious Perfons irOfieodm by the Conflable of the faid Parifb, Townfhip or Place, aril he, (he or they can be conveniently carried before fome or One of His Majesty’s Judices of the Peace a&ing for the County in which frch Parifh, Townfhip or Place is fituated.

XDL And be k further ena&ed, That in cafe any One or more gfthe Perfons keeping Watch or Ward within any Parifh, Townfhip m Place, (hall want any Affiftance to enable him or them to perform any Part of the Duty hereby required to be done by him or them, then aad in every fuch cafe any other of the Perfons keeping Watch tr Ward in the fame or any adjoining Parifh, Townfhip or Place, Knowledge or Notice thereof by the Rattle, or by other lyql, Outcry, or otherwife, (hall and may, and is hereby required jepciately to repair to and aflifl, by the belt ways and means in his m their Power, aad as the cafe may require; but that no Perfon, Inriow the time of keeping Watch or Ward as aforefaid, (hall abfent hiafcfr from his particular Stand or Walk, without the Confent and DM&m either of the Conft#ble or the Special Conflable of the Night, mkfs on fane fuch Occafion or Occafions as is or are above mpidU, or for the Supprefiion of fome Diforder of which he (hall he an Eye or Ear Witness pa fprae adjoining Stand or Walk, in the Ahfrfce of the Perfons keeping Watch or Ward on the faid adjoin-frg Walk or Stand, nor longer on any of the faid Occafions than the Hccefey of the cafe may require.

XI And be it further enisled, That every Conflable or Special Cmiabk fo iatnjffced as aforefaid with the Direction, Regulation l»d Management of fuch Perfons as may be required to perforin the I>Btics of watching or warding (hall refpe&ively on every Night of Ui witching, and 00 every Day of fuch warding, diligently obferve mimamiaetbe Behaviour and Coudu& of every Perfon fo engaged •employed onder him in watching or warding; and (hall enter in a Bask to be kept for this Purpofe the Name of every luch Perfon, with the Hours of his Attendance, and with Remarks upon his Con-dnft, Specifying whether he has been attentive and diligent, or dif-obedient and moils is the Duty of watching or warding ; and fuch Cmftabk or Special Conflable (hall, once in every Week, or oftener if nqoirtd, deliver fuch Book, containing fuch Report, aud fuch other Observations as may arife in the Difcoarge of his Duty, to the Oof Conilable of the Hundred or Divifion in which fuch Parifh, Tcwdhip or Place is fituated, or to fuch Perfon as the faid Juflices s fuch Special or Petty Seffions (hall appoint to receive the fame.

E 4	XXL	And

Duties of Per- • Tons engaged 10 watch and ward.

Watchmen to aflift thofe in neighbouring Diftri&a.

Conftablei to report the Con-dud of Perfons watching or warding.



Google

Magiftrates in

Cities, & c. bavin* exclufive Jurifdiftion to execute Aft within their re-fpeftive Juiif* diftioos.

XXI. And be it further enaded, That the Magiftrates of any Citj Borough, Town or Place, having exclufive Jurifdi&ion as Juftices d

the Peace for the Prefervation thereof within their refpedive Citief Boroughs, Town and Place, (hall have full Power and Authority t carry this Ad into Execution within the Limits of their refpeftri Jurifdidions; and it (hall be lawful for any Two Magiftrates tomak any Adjudication or Order, or do any Ad, Matter or Thing fd which any greater Number of Juftices is required by the Provifio* of this Ad, as to any County$ and it (hall be lawful for the To* Clerk of any fuch City, Borough, Town or Place, if there (hall U any fuch Officer therein, or if there (hall be no fuch Officer, for an Perfon appointed by the Magiftrates in that Behalf, to give an Notice required to be given by the Clerk of the Peace, for affemblin any Special General Seflions; and all the Claufes, Provifions, Power Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act contained and el aded as to any Counties, and Juftices ading in any Counties, and i to carrying this Ad into Execution within any County, (ball exten and be conftrucd to extend to all Cities, Boroughs, Towns and Place the Magiftrates whereof have exclufive Jurifdidion as Juftices of th Peace, as fully and effectually as if all fuch Claufes, Provifions, Power Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures were feverallv and feparatd re-enaded as to fuch Cities, Boroughs, Towns and Places.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in ever cafe in which the Expences attending the Police or Prefervation« the Peace in any City, Borough, Town or Place within any Count] (hall have been paid out of any Rate or Affeflment made in fuch Cit] Borough, Town or Place, diftind from any Rate levied on th County, although the Magiftrates in fuch City, Borough, Town c Place, (hall not have any exclufive Jurifdidion as Juftices of th Peace, it (hall be lawful for the Magiftrates and Juftices of the Peac within fuch City, Borough, Town or Place, to carry this Ad int Execution within fuch City, Borough, Town or Place, and to regn late the Payment of all Expences arifing therefrom, feparate and diftind from the County within which fuch City, Borough, Town or PJac (hall be fituate; and no City, Borough, Town or Place, or Pariil therein, in which any fuch Rate or Afieffment (hall have been raife Or levied for the carrying this Ad into Execution, or in which thi Expence of carrying this Ad into Execution (hall have been paid on of the Poor or other Rates raifed in the Pariftics of fuch City, Borough Town or Place, (hall be liable to contribute to the railing of any Rati for the County at large, for the carrying this Ad into Execution nor (hall any (uch Rates be levied in any Parilh or Part of any fuel City, Borough, Town or Place, beyond the local Limits wherein tbi Duties of Watch and Ward (hall be performed under the Provifioo of this Ad ; any thing in this Ad, or in any other Ad or Adsol Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That all Powers, Authoritiei and Duties, Provifions, Claufes, Regulations, Forfeitures and Penal

liable*, extended ties in this Ad contained, in relation to Conftables, (hall extend anc to HeadKi>-	conftrued to extend to every Headborough, Borlholder, Tything*

men Lythn8‘ man Qr ' l^er Officer performing the Duty of Conftable, by whatevei *	Name	fuch	Officer	may	be	called,	as	fully as if every fuch Officei

was repeated in the feveral Claufes relating to Conftables in this Aft

X^IV. Ani

Cities, Ac. hiving feparate Rates for Police may continue to execute the Aft ■4>n thole Rates, and (hall not be liable to a County Rate.

Power*, fee. given to Con-



5.7,

^.D. igi2»

S*o GEO. HL

C.17.

► XXIV. And be it further enaded, That all the Provifions in thia \ eeotaioed, in relation to any County, (hall extend to any Riding I Dmfioa within or for which feparate General or Quarter Seffions ; bdd, and it (hall be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace in any , City, Borough, Town or Place, to add any Extra-parochial 1 to any Pari(h tor the Purpofes of this Ad; and all the Promt this A& contained in relation to Parifhes (hall extend to all rowifiupt or other Divifions of Parifhes, and to all Extra parochial Then added to any Parifhes for the Purpofes of this Ad, as fully aod d&tuQy as if all the Provifions, Claufes, Powers, Authorities, Kegnlaaoas, Penalties and Forfeitures in this Ad contained had been federally and feparatcly enaded, as to fuch Townfhips, Divifion of Parifhes, or Extra-parochial Places ; and all Con (tables and Special Cooftables, and other Officers performing the Duties and having the Authority of Conftables, (hall have full Power and Authority in any loch Extra-parochial Place ; and where there (hall be no Rates levied io asy foch Extra-parocliial Places, either for the Payment of any Exptnees of Police, or Preservation of the Peace, or for the Relief of the Pdor, out oi which any of the Expences of putting this Ad into Execution can be paid, it (hall be lawful for the (aid Juftices to caafe Rates to be made and levied in fuch Extra-parochial Places for the Payment of fuch Expences, fo that l'uch Extra-parochial Places (hall bear their isur Proportion of Expence with the Parifh or Pantos to which they (hall be added.; and all Conftables and others required to make and colied fuch Rates (hall have fuch and the like Powers and Authorities for the aflefiing, rating, levyiog and coiled-isg the lame as any Overfeers of the Poor nave by Law for the making and levying any Rate for the Relief of the Poor, as if all fuch Powers and Authorities, and Penalties and Forfeitures for any Reeled, were fpecially enaded in this Ad as to fuch Rate's.

XXV.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful for any Conftable or Special Conftable, m any cafe in which any Perfon ofading again ft this Ad (hall upon Purfuit efcape out of the Jurif-didioa of loch Conftable upon fuch Purfuit to apprehend fuch Offender at auy Place, although out of his Jurifdidion, and do all Ads, Matters and Things, and exercife all fuch Authorities, and enjoy all fuch Privileges in relation to the Apprehenfion and Arreft orany fuch Offender, as if he had been taken and apprehended within the Juri(diction of fuch Conftable.

XXVI.	And be k further enaded, That every Perfon watching or warding in the Capacity of fuch Special Conftable, (hall, for every Right and for every Day during which he lhall be fo engaged, be tntitkd to receive Inch Comuenfations or Allowances as the Juftices of the Peace, at any Special General Seffions fo held as before mentored, lhall dired, for every Night and for every Day ; and every other Perfon engaged in fo watching or warding, (hall (if his Behaviour (hafl have been fatisfadory to the Conftable or Special Con-ftable of the Watch of that Parifh in which he refides) be entitled to recave fuch Sum as the Juftices at the (aid Special General Seffions fall dired, for dvery Night and for every Day which he (hall be fo employed; to be paid forthwith by the Conftable of the Lid Parifh, sad repaid to the laid. Conftable by the Overfeer of the Poor of the kid Parifh, 00 being entered in a Book by fuch Conftable, and de-hoedto fuch Oyerfeer pf the Poor, after having been verified upon.

Oath 

Provifions of Ad to extend to Divifions of Pisces.

Kates may he levied in Extra- * parochial Places.

Conftables to apprehend Offenders, out of Jurifdidion.

Compenfation out of the Pdor Rates to Special Conib Mes and other Pcrfons watching and warding.

A.D. xSi

*8

C. 17.

52* geo. in.

Provifo.

Magiftrates in Towns may allow Compcn-fation out of Police or Poor Rates to Perfons voluntarily aflo-dating to watch aid ward.

Aflaulting Per-fona watching.

Penalty.

Victuallers

harbouring

Watchmen.

Penalty.

Oath before any One Jufticc of the Peace for the faid refpeAi Counties, and certified in Writing by fuch Juft ice, as having been verified upon Oath, and as having been examined and allowed by tJ faid Juftice: Provided always, that auy Perfon from whom any fu< Compenfation for watching or warding (hall have been £0 witbhe by any Conflable, may appeal to any* Juftice of the Peace for tl County in which fuch Complaint arofe, whole Decifion coneernit the fame (hall be conclufive on all Parties.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it fha be lawful for the Magistrates or Ju ftices of the Peace in any County City, Borough, Town or Place, in which any Dilturbances again! the Peace (hall prevail or be apprehended, and in which any Mum be of Perfons (hall, with the Approbation of the Majority of fuch Ma gift rates affembled at any Special General Sefiion of the Peace wit hi 1 luch County, City, Borough, Town or Place, have voluntarily affjeah bled for the Purpofe of watching and warding, and (hall watch and ward under fuch Regulations as (hall be approved of by fuch Ma* giftrates as aforefaid, to allow to the Perfons fo watching and warding, (although fuch Watch and Ward (hall not be carried on under the Provifionsof this Ad) fuch Compenfation for their Time as fball appear to fuch Magiftrates to be reasonable and proper, out of any Rate or A(Te(Tment levied on fuch County, City, Borough, Town or Place, for the Police thereof, or out of the Poor or other Rates of the feveral or any of the Pari(hes thereof, in fuch Proportions as (hall appear to them under all the Cireumftances to be proper $ and in any fuch cafe it (ball be lawful for the Perfons authorized to afiefs and levy fuch Rates, to raife any Sum or Sums of Money neceffary for paying fuch Compenfation as aforefaid, by all fuch Powers, Autho-rities and Provifions, and under fuch Forfeitures and Penalties for Negled or Refufal to pay any fuch additional Rate or AfieiTmeot, as they are by any Ad or Ads of Parliament, or Law or Laws authorized to ufe, exercife and put in force for railing the Rates out of which fuch Compenfations are by this Ad made payable; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament, or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Ferfoo or Per-ions (hall affault or refill any Perfon watching or warding, whilR in the Execution of his Office, or (hall promote or encourage the fame, every fuch Perfon, for every fuch Offence (hall, upon Convidion before a Magistrate, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; ana (hall be alfo liable to fuch other Punifhment upon Con* vidion, on any Indidment or Information, for fuch Offence, as any Perfons are liable to for affauiting any Conftable in the Execution of the Duties of his Office.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded. That if aay Vidualler or Keeper of any Public Houfe (hall knowingly harbour or entertain or permit any Perfon fo engaged in watching or warding, to abide or remain in his Houfe drinking or tippling during the Hours and Times direded for watching or warding, every fuch Vidualler or Keeper of a Public Houfe (half for the Firft Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and for the Second Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; and for the Third and every fubfequent Offence the Sm of Tea Pounds.

< XXX. An*



Google

jtD.iSn.

ST* GEO. m.

G17.

59

* XXX* And whereas driers ill difpofed and fufpe&ed Perfons 1 refort to Towns and Villages, and frequent Places in which they

*	bare no fixed or permanent Refidence, with Intention to deduce

*	others to join in Difturbances againft the Peace, or to aid and abet 1 Inch Difturbances in other Counties and Places; and although

•	their evil Purpofes are fuffidently manifefted, Juftices of the Peace

•	have no effe&nal meant of removing themBe it therefore ena&ed, TW it fall be lawful for any Two Juftices of the Peace, upon Information upon Oath by any Conflable, or other credible Witnefs that any Perloo not being ah Houfeholder in the Place, and not being legally faded therein, or a Native thereof, is, in the Belief of fuen Conibble, or other credible Witnefs, upon his Oath, dangerous to the Peace of the Place where he is reforting, or that he is endeavour-bg to fedoce others to aid and abet Difturbances therein, or in other Paces, to ifTue a Warrant to apprehend fuch Perfon, and to caufe fach Perfon to come before them, and to examine fuch Perfon upon Oath as to the Parifh or Place where he was laft legally fettled, and the Place or Places where he has refided for fome time paft, and as to his means of Livelihood, and his Occupation and Employment, and Mode of living, and Reafon for reforting to the Place where he is fo found; and the Subftance of fuch Examination (hall be reduced to Writing, and figned by fuch Juftices, and by the Perfon fo examined, and (hall be tranfmitted to the next General or Quarter Seffioos of the Peace for the County, there to be filed and kept of Record; and if fuch Perfon (hall not be able to give a fatisfaefory Account of himfelf, and of his Way of living, and of his Reafons for reforting to the Place where he (hall have been at the Time of fuch information of fuch Conftable or other credible Witnefs as afore-hid, and it fhall appear to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Juftices, upon any fuch Examination, or upon the Examination upon Oath of the Coolable or other credible Witnefs f which Oaths the faid Juftices are hereby authorized to adminifter), that there is juft Ground to believe that the Perfon fo apprehended is engaged in Pra&ices dangerous to the public Peace, then and in fnch cafe it fhall be lawful tor the laid Juftices to order fuch Perfon forthwith to return, or if he (hall rrfufe to obey fnch Order, to remove fuch Perfori to the Place of his legal Settlement, if the fame can be afeertained, or if not, to the Place where he fhall have laft refided, in like manner as any Vagrants may now by Law be removed 5 and if fuch Perfon fhall, after any fuch Order to return to his Place of Settlement or Refidence, or Removal to fuch Place as a fore faid, return to the Place from tvhich he fall have been fo fent or removed as aforefaid, without fttewing fafiaeut Caofe, to be approved of by the faid Juftices; or if fuen Perfon fall upon his Examination refufe to anfwer ; or if the Account which he has given of himfelf fhall prove to be falfe, it fhall be lawful for any Two Juftices to adjudge fuch Perfon to be a Rogue and Vagabond, within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute made a the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An AS to amend and make more ejfcUual the Lams relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other ill dtfpojed and dij» orderly Perfons, and the Houfet of Corredion.

XXXI.	And be h further ena&ed. That it fhall be lawful for anv Two Juftices of the Peace, to require the Conftables in any Parifn or fke to make out and deliver to them, within fuch time as fhall



Juftices may remove Perftm* fufpeded to be dangerous,

17G4.

Conftables to make out Lifts of Perfons

6o

A.E>. 181:

above the Age ct' 14.

Penalty.

Appeal.

Recognisances.

Offenders convicted before One or more Juftices. Forfeitures levied by Diftreft.

Tmpnfonmtnt.

Form of Con-vidioo.

C.I7.

520 GEO. III.

be required by fuch Juftices, and as often as the laid Juftices (ha deem the fame to be neceffary, juft and true Lifts of all Perfons ufual refiding or then being within the Parifh in which the Lift fhall I required, above the Age of Fourteen ; and for the Purpofe of makin fuch Lifts, it (hall be lawful for any fuch Conftable to demand froi each Houfeholder within the Parifh a true Lift or Account o£ th Chriftian and Surname of every Perfon then in the Houfe of fuc Houfeholder above the Age of Fourteen Years; and every Perfo who (hall negledl or refufe, on the fame being demanded, to give fuc Lift or Account to the Conftable* or who (nail knowingly give an falfe Account, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence any Sum not ex ceeding Five Pounds ; and every Conftable who (hall negledl or re fufe to make out and deliver fuch Lift to the Juftices who (Hall de mand the fame, (hall forfeit for any fuch Offence any Sum not. ex ceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if an] Perfon (hall think himfelf aggrieved by the Judgment of fuch Juflicei as aforefcid, fuch Perfon may appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Scffions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, fuch Perfon, at the time of fuch Judgment entering into a Recognizance perfonally to appear at the faid Seffions to try fuch Appeal, and to abide the further Judgment of the Juftices at fuch Seffions affembled: Provided always, that fuch Appeal (hall not have the Effedl of preventing in the mean time the Execution of the judgment of the faid Juftices, unlefs the Party appealing (hall produce Two fufficient Sureties, being Houfeholders of the Parifh in which he was apprehended, who (hall enter into a Recognizance in fuch Amount as the faid Magiftrates (hall approve to profecute fuch Appeal, and for the good Behaviour of fuch Perfon until the lime of hearing the faid Appeal.

XJQflll. And be it further enadled, That any Perfon or Perfons guilty of any Offence for which any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture (hall or may be incurred by this Adi, (hall and may be convidled thereof by Information upon the Oath of any One credible Witnefs, by any One or more Juftices of the Peace adling in and for the County wherein fuch Offence (hall be committed; and that all and every the pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures which (hall be incurred or become payable for any Offence or Offences againft this Adi, (hall and may be levied by Diltrefs under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County in which any fuch Offence or Offences was or were committed, or where the Forfeiture or Forfeitures was or were incurred; and (hall, when levied, be paid, One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parifh in which the Offence was committed ; and in cafe of no fufficient Dillrefs whereby to levy the Penalties, or any or either of them, impofed by this Adi, it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch Juftice or Juftices refpedlively, before whom the Offender or Offenders (hall be convidled, Jo commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction, to hard Labour, for fuch time not exceeding Three Months, as the faid Juftice or Juftices in his or their Difcrction (hall think fit.

XXXIV. And be it further enadled, That the Juftice or Juftices before whom any Perfon or Perfons (hall be convidled in manner pre-3	fenbed



Google-

A.D.i8i2«

$26 GEO. IIL

6t

icribed by this Ad, (hall caufe every fuch refpedive Convidion to be drawn up in the Form or to the EfFed fpecified in the Schedule to this Ad, and marked (B); and the laid Juftice or Juftices, before •whom fuch Convidion (hall be had or made, (hall caufe the fame fo drawn up in Form aforefeid, to be fairly written on Parchment, and tnnfimtted to the next General Quarter Seflions, to be kept among the Records of the Odd Court: And in cafe any Perfon or Perfons Appeal after who (hall hereafter be convided of any of the Offences punifhable Convidlion to by this A ft, (hall conceive him, her or themfelves to be aggrieved	Qliartet

by fuch Convidion, then and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be ou** lawful for fuch Perfon or Perfons refpedivefy, and he, (he or they (bail or may appeal to any General Quarter Seflions of the Peace next bolden after luch Convidion in and for the faid refpedive Counties, giving unto the Juftice or Juftices, before whom fuch Convidion (aB be made. Notice in Writing, within Eight Days after any fuch Convidioa of his, her or their Intention to prefer fuch Appeal; and the lad Juftices, in their faid General Quarter Seflions, (hall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to proceed to the Hearing and final Determination of the Matter of fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order therein, and to award fuch Cofts, to be paid by and to either Party, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as they in their Diferetion (ball think fit; which laid Order (hall be binding and con-ckfive on all Parties ; and fuch Appeal, or the Subjed Matter thereof, or any Order therein, (hall not be removed by Writ or Writs of CVr- Certi*r*ri, Utrari or otherwife.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded, That the Juftices of the General Special Peace, at any Adjournment of their faid Special General Seflions or Sc®on* fuf~ at any future General Special Seflions convened or aflembled in like Execution manner as is hereinbefore mentioned, (hall and may, according to their of A6t Difcrttion, fufpend or difeontinue the Powers and Provifions of this Aft, in any or every of the Pari(hes, Townfhips or Places, within their refpedive Jurifdidions ; whenever it (hall appear to them, upon fuftcient Evidence, that the Difturbance of the Peace within any or every of the faid Parilhes, Townihips or Places, (hall have effedually fiibfided or been fupprefled, and that the Officers ordinarily appointed for the Prefervation of the Peace are fufficient for that Purpofe, as well as for the Protedion of the Inhabitants therein, and the Security of the Property lying or being in any or every of the faid Parifhes,

Townflups or Places; and lhall thereupon give Notice thereof to Hi* Mayfly's Secretary of State for the Home Department.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded, That no Perfon who (hall be Special Confta-engaged or employed as a Special Conftable or Watchman, for the bles or W-itch-Purpofet of this Ad, (ball thereby gain or acquire a legal Settlement ™en n<* to gam » any Parifb, Townfliip or Place ; any Law to the contrary notwith- Sctt ement‘

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That Rights of socking in this Ad contained (ball extend, or be conftrued to extend Qxfordand to prejudice or in any manner to affed any J urifdidtion, Right or Pri- Cambridge not filegr, Claim or Cultom, of either of the Two Univerfities of Oxford aflfe&ed. or Cqmbiidge% but that the feveral Jurifdidions, Rights, Privileges,

Claims and Cuftoms refpedively, (hall remain in full Force and Efied ; lay thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enaded. That if any Adion or Suit Mmitition of 141* brought or commenced againft any Peribn or Perfons for any A^10111,



Google

62	C.17.	$2* GEO. III.	A-I>. idi:

thing done in purfuance of this A&, that every fuch A&ion or StI (hall be commenced within Three Months next after the Fa£k con mitted, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid and brought in theCounl wherein the Caufe or alledged Caufe of A&ion (hall have accrued, a* not eifewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch A&ion <

Central IfTut. Sait may plead the General Iffue, and give this Ad and the Spec is Matter in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon, and chat th fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Aft ; ao if it (hall appear to to be done* or if any fuch A&ion or Suit fha be brought after the time fo limited for bringing the fame, or fha| be brought in any other County, City or Place, that then and i fuch cale the Jury (hall find for fuch Defendant or Defendants and upon fuch Verdi&, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall becomi nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her or their A&ion or Action %9 or i a Verdi& (hall pafs againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upoc Demurrer, Judgment (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

Treble Cofts. the Defendant or Defendants (hall have and may recover Treble Cofti and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit in other cafes by Law.

Publick Aft. XXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That thk A& (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public A&, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without fpecially pleading the fame.

AGl shotid,to	XL. And be it further ena&ed. That this A& may be altered,

amended or repealed, by any A& or A&s to be paffed in this Seffion of Parliament.

Continuant* of XLI. And be it further ena&ed, That this A& (hall remain and continue in force until the Firft Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and no longer.

SCHEDULES to which this AGt refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Watching and Warding.

•TAKE Notice, That your Name is inferted in the Lift ; and Appeals will be heard on the	Dayr of

at

A. B.

Conftable.

SCHEDULE (B.)

JJE it remembered. That on this	Day of

in the	Year of the Reign of His pre^

fent Majesty, A B. of	is	duly convi&ed

before me [or, us] One of the Juftices [or, Two of the Juftices] of the Peace for the	under	an A&

paffed in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An AS [here infert ithe Title of this A Si *or that the laid A.B.on	at

did	contrary	to the faid A& : Wherefore, I £or, we]

the faid	do adjudge that

Civcn under

CAP.

v^ooQle

AD.iSt*.

$*• oeo. m.

C. i8f 1^1



cap. xvm.

An Ad for making perpetual an Ad made in the Twelfth Tear of His prefent Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of iiich Bark (hall exceed a certain Rate.	[aoth March 181 a.]

4 TT7HEREAS an Aft wag made in the Twelfth Year of the 4 W Reign of .His prefent Majesty, intituled An A9 for m- nO.j. c.50. 4 comragxMj tie Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable 4 upon the Importation of Oak Bark, <1then the Price of fuch Bark Jhail 4 emceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time ; which was to continue 4 in force for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of 4 the tbea next Seflion of Parliament; and which Act has been by 4 federal Ads, palTed in the Twenty fourth, Thirtieth, Thirty fixtn 4 md Forty fourth Years of His prefent Majesty, been continued 4 oatH the Expiration of the prefent Seflion of Parliament: And 4 whereas the laid Ad is near expiring; and it is expedient that the 4 fane (hould be made perpetual, as amended by the faid Aft of the 4 Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majesty 5 * Be it therefore en-a&ed bytbe King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coafent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ia this prefent Parliament atfembled, and by the Authority of the

That the faid Ad, fo continued and amended by the laid Ad	hp

* Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majesty, lhafl be and the	Jmiw

of the!

feme is hereby made perpetual.

Sec made per* petuaL

CAP. XEX.

An Ad to amend an Ad of the laft Seflion of Parliament, for jrG.j.r.iv. granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raifed by Mtarifea*	[20th	March	18	ia,]

CAP. XI

An Ad to continue feveral Laws relating to permitting the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever, and to permitting Goods and Commodities to be ■spotted into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brunf-tetri ih -any Ship or Veflel, until the Twenty fifth Day of Aforci One thtmfand eight hundred and fifteen; and to the intending an Ad for confolidating and extending the feveral Laws in force for allowing the Importation of certain Goods aad Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the Wejl AAsr, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand hundred and fourteen.	[20th	March	1812.}

1 TY7HEREAS the Laws hereinafter mentioned have by £x-4 W ptrienoe been found ufeful and beneficial, and it is expedient (that the feme fhoold be further continuedBe it therefore enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Osofcst bf me Leeds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pefcft Pwhamm sfasMcd, and by the Authority of the feme.

That

^ ^.ooQle

C.20, 21.

A.D. il

49 0.3. c.25. continued till March 2J, 1815.

49 g-3- c 49-continued till March 25, 1815.

50 O.3. C.2I. continued till March 25, 1814.

5 Eli*, c. 1. $ 16.

7 Jac.i.c.6. 18.

I W. fc M.

ftir.x. 6.8.

$2* GEO. m.

That an A ft made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reifirn of prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to permit, until the T<u>enty ^ Day of March One ihoufand eight hundred and eleven, the fmporta of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever, and w! was further continued by an Aft of the laft Seffion of Parlian until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufaud eight hund and twelve, (hall, from and after the faid Twenty fifth Day of Aha One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, be, and the fame in hen further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thouf; eight huadred and fifteen.

II.	And be it further enafted, That an Aft made in the F01 ninth Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled An AS to author Hie Majejly to permit, until the Twentj fifth Day of March C thoufand eight hundred and twelve, any Goods and Commodifies to imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brtfnfwick any Ship or Vejfel whatsoever) (hall, from and after the faid Twen fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, b and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Da of March One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen.

III.	And be it further enafted. That an Aft made in the Fiftlet Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled An AS for amending and cor, tinuing fo amended until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufan eight hundred and twelve, cm AS of the Forty fifth Tear of Mis prefen Majejly for confolidating and extending the feveral Laws in force foi allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Mer chandisu into and from certain Ports in the Weft Indies, (hall, from and after the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March Oue thoufand eight hundred and fourteen.

CAP- XXI.

An Aft to render valid and effeftual certain Oaths adminiftered to and taken by certain Members of the Houfe of Commons before Deputies of the late Lord Steward of His Majesty'* Houfehold, during the Vacancy of the faid Office.

[20th March 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Aft of Parliament palled in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Ehnaheth,

4 intituled An AS for the Ajfurance of the Queen9/ Royal Power 4 over all Efiates and SubjcBs within her Dominions ; and by another 4 Aft pa (Ted in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty 4 King James the Firft, intituled An AS for admintfUring the Oath of 4 Allegiance and Reformation of married IVomen Recufants ; and by 4 another Aft pafled in the Firft Year of the Reign of Their late 4 Majeftics King IVilliam and Queen Mary, intittded An AS for the 4 abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appwUinr 4 other Oaths; it is provided and enafted, that every Perfon which 4 fhould thereafter be elefted or appointed a Knight, Citizen or Bur-4 gefs, or Baron for any of the Five Ports, for any Parliament 4 thereafter to be holden, before he fhall enter the Parliament Houfe 4 or have any Voice there, openly receive and pronounce the Oaths 4 required by the faid recited Afts to be taken before the Lord

4 Steward



k.D. I Si 2*

S2' GEO. III.

C.2I»

*5

,Ste ward for the time being or his Deputy or Deputies: And whereas *lenry Frederick Combton Oxvrndtjh Efquire, who was on the Eighth ij of February lall returned to ferve in this prefent Parliament the Borough of Derby, did on the Twenty feventh Day of %Aruary take the Oaths required by the faid Statutes before Sir lex Graham Baronet, who had been by Commiflion bearing Date Twenty fecond Day of June in the Forty feventh Year of the of His prefent Majeity, and in the Year of our Lord One

____nd eight hundred and feven, under the Se;il of Heneage Earl

r fof AyJesfordi then Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houfehold, confuted, named and appointed One of the Deputies of the faid ILord Steward, to adminifter and receive the Oaths required by ~ r to he taken before the faid Lord Steward or his Deputy or mties or any One of them: And whereas the Honourable itrence Dundas Doflor of Civil Law, who was ele&ed on the fourteenth Day of October One thoufand eight hundred and eleven ■ jg ferve in this prefent Parliament for the City of Tori, did on the [\Tbird Day of March lad take the faid Oaths before Peter Moore r£fivaire, who was alfo by the faid hereinbefore mentioned Com-[ IMftoa appointed One of the Deputies of the faid Lord Steward •

> And whereas the faid Heneage Earl of Aylexford did on the Nineteenth Day of February laft, and before the faid Days refpe&ively which the faid Oaths were adminiftered to the faid Henry Fre~ tk Compton CavenJifb and Lawrence Dundax as aforefaid, refign Office of Lord Steward, and by reafon whereof the faid Sir Graham and Peter Moore had no Power or Authority to ad-ifter or receive the faid Oaths : And whereas the faid Oaths adminiftered to the faid Henry Frederick Compton Cavendijh Lawrence Dundax, and received by the faid Sir James Graham Peter Moore without the Knowledge of the Refignation of the k faid Lord Steward, and that the Powers and Authorities given by ; the laid Commiflion had ceafed and determined : And whereas the

*	laid Henry Frederick Compton Cavendijh and Lawrence Dundax did 1 thereafter enter iuto and fit and vote in the Houfe of Commons; r and it is expedient that the Oaths fo as aforefaid adminiftered ! to and taken by the faid Henry Frederick Compton Cavendijh and ' Lawrence Dundas be rendered as valid and effectual as if the faid

Commiffion had been then in full force and effed ; and that the faid Henry Frederick Compton CavenJJh and Lawrence Dundax fliould I fevrrally and refpedively be indemnified againft any Penalties, j Forfeitures, or Difabil ties by Law impoLd relative to any fuch ; Ads, Matters and Things, as aforefaid Be it therefore ena&ed jjr the King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Qwfeat of the Lords .Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tliip jptfcst Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That The Oaths adit* U Oaths fo adminiflered to and taken by the faid Henry Frc- minftered to the Compton Cavendijh and Lawrence Dundax fhall be, and the fame ■Be hereby rendered as valid and effettnal to all Intents and rurpofes j ^

•	if the Grid Commiflion had been in full force and effect at the times If taking the faid Oaths by them refpeflively $ and the faid Henry jTrederifk Compton Cavendijh ard Lawrence Dundas fliall be, and they ire hereby indemnified and faved barmlefs, and difeharged from all xckalues, Forfeitures or Difabilities, for and in refpefl of all or any M Ads Matters or Things, by them done as aforefaid.

jaGfco IIL	F	CAP.



Google

52* GEO. in.

A.D.181

66

C.22.

Number of Forces 245»99^*

Officer or Private Man mutinying or deferting, See.

CAP. XXII.

found fleeping upon or defen* ing his Pod, See,

or ftriking or difobeying hia fuperior Officer.

An Aft for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion; and for thebeti Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[20th March 181:

4 XT THERE AS the railing or keeping a (landing Army wit

*	VV the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in ti 4 of Peace, unlefs it be with the Confent of Parliament, is aga

*	Law : And whereas it is judged neceflary by His Majesty, and 1

*	prefent Parliament, that a Body of Forces (hould be continued 4 the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Poffeffi 4 of His Majeily’s Crown, and that the whole Number of fuch Fot 4 (hould confift of Two hundred and forty five thoufand nine hund 4 and ninety fix efle&ive Officers and Men including His Majefl 4 Forces ferving in the Eafi Indies : And whereas no Man cai 4 forejudged of Life or Limb, or fubjeded in time of Peace to 4 Kind of Puniffiment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in

4 other manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according 4 the known and eftabliffied Laws of this Realm ; yet neverthelef! 4 being requifite for the retaining of all the before mentioned Foi 4 in their Duty, that an exaft Difcipline be obferved, and that J 4 diers who (hall mutiny or ftir up Sedition, or {hall defert 4 Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and fpe 4 Puniffiment than the ufual Forms of the Law will allow 5* Beit tfo fore ena&ed, by the King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and n the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, Commons, in this prefent Parliament affemblcd, and by the Autho of the fame, That if any Perfon who is or (hall be commiffioned 0 Pay as an Officer, or who is or (hall be lifted or in Pay as a Non C miffioned Officer or Soldier, ffiall, at any time during the Continu; of this Ad, begin, excite, caufeor join in any Mutiny or Seditio His Majesty's Land or Marine Forces, or ffiall not ufe his utmoll deavours to fupprefs the fame, or, coming to the Knowledge of Mutiny or intended Mutiny, ffiall not, without Delay, -give lufc ation thereof to his Commanding Officer ; or ffiall mifbehave bin before the Enemy ; or ffiall ffiamefully abandon or deliver up Garrifon, Fortrefs, Poft or Guard committed to his Charge which he ffiall be commanded to defend; or ffiall compel the* 1 veruor or Commanding Officer of any Garrifon, Fortrefs or P to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the fame; or (hall ff Words, or ufe any other means to induce fuch Governor or C standing Officer, or others, to miffiehave before the Enemy; ffiamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrifon, Fortrefs, Pul Guard committed to their refpedive Charge, or which he or 1 ffiall be commanded to defend ; or ffiall leave his Poft before relie* or ffiall be found fleeping on his Poft ; or ffiall hold Correfpond* with, or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of Majesty, either by Letters, Meflages, Signs or Tokens, in any mai or way whatfoever; or ffiall treat or enter into any Terms with £ Rebel or Enemy, without His Majesty’s Licence, or Licence of General or Chief Commander; or (ball ilrike or ufe any Violc againft his fuperior Officer, being in the Execution of his Officej ffiall difobey any lawful Command of his fuperior Officer; or i

de

Google

'

A.D.i8i2.

52° GEO. UI.

C 22.

*7

iefert His Majefly’s Service; all and every Perfon or Perfons fo

iffending in any of the matters before mentioned, .whether fuch

Offence (hall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of

His Majesty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts upon Land, or upon

the Sea, (hail fufFer Death, or fuch other Punifhment as by a Court Puntthment.

Martial (hall be awarded.

UL Prodded always, and it is hereby declared and enaded, That S rfJ'wr. minted aoNon CommifEoned Officer or Soldier who (hall defert His Majesty’s '** a?y otllcr Service, (tall be exempt from the Pains and Penalties impofed by this Aft for fuch Offence by again infilling into His Majelty’s Service 5 lenen# hut any fuch Soldier (hall, not with (landing fuch fubfequent Inlill-ment, be deemed to have deferted His Majesty’s Service, and (hall is like manner fuffer Death, or fuch other runiffiment as by a Court Martial (hall be awarded.

‘ ILL And whereas Doubts have arifen, whether Soldiers, who of Deferters inlift-1 Right belong to Corps from which they have deferted, may be pro- mg in another 4 cteded agaiufl and tried for deferring any other Corps in which 4 they may afterwards have infilled, or from His Majesty’s Service, if Colrtmartial in 4 they (hall not after fuch fubfequent inlifting have been placed in any i*uch Regiment,

4 Corps, or for any Crime committed by them whilft ferving &c.

4 thereinBe it enacted by the Authority aforefaid, That every isch Soldier (hall be liable to be tried by a Court Martial, and punifh-fed in like manner as if he had originally infilled in, and of Right belonged to the Regiment, Corps, Troop, Company, Detachment or £arty in which he (hall be at the time of any fubfequent Defertion, or ^Committing any Offence, notwithftandingit fhall have been difeovered mot known that he bad previoully belonged to feme other Regiment,

ICorps, Troop or Company, Detachment or Party, and had not been rdi(charged therefrom : Provided always, that if fuch Perfon (hall be Provifo. icbimed by fuch other Regiment, Corps, Troop or Company, De*-;tachment or Party, and be proceeded againft as a Deferter therefrom, hb lobtquent Defertion from any One or more Corps in which he may fare unwarrantably inlifted, may (uulefs be (hall already have been tried for the fame) be given in Evidence <is an Aggravation	x	-

of bis Crime ; previous Notice being always given to fuch Deferter 1 of the Fad or Fads intended to be produced in Evidence upon I his Trial.

IV.	And be it further enaded and declared, That in the cafe of Deferter ' any Non Commiftioned Officer or Soldier tried and convided of De- tranfported; fcrtioa, whenfoever the Court Martial, which (hall pafs Sentence upon luch Trial, (hall not think the Offence delerving of capital PuoHhmeitt, fuch Court Martial may, initead of awarding a Corporal Pundrnent, adjudge the Offender, according to the Nature of the Offeuct, itthey (hall think fit, to be trailfported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years ; and alfo, if fuch Court fhall think fit, lobe at the Expiration of fuch Term of Years at the Difpoful of His toft for Service as a Soldier in any of His Majesty’s Forces at Home or Abroad for Life, or otherwife, as His Majelly lhall think fit; asd every fuch Soldier lhall be fubjed to any Law or Articles of War, for the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion ; and if fuch Non retumrng beforv CommifEoned Officer or Soldier, having been adjudged to be tranf- E*p»r*tion of ported as a Felon, (hall afterwards (without Leave from His Majelly, Term or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which be lhall have been tranfported) return into or be found at large with-

F 2	out



Google

Death.

Hit Mjjefty, where Courts Martial award a Capital Puniffi-rnent, may order Offenders to be tranfported.

Sentence of Tranfyortirion in India, &c. notified by Officer commanding in Chief to Judge of Supreme Couits.

Order for Transportation as by 39&40G.3. c- 79* §x3-

The King may grant Coram if-fion tor holding Courts Martial, Jcc.

C.22.	520 GEO. m.	AJD.	181^

out Leave as aforefaid, or other lawful Caufe, within any Part of thi United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of Hij Majesty’s Poffeffions abroad other than the Place to which he (haj have been tranfported before the Expiration of the Term limited b1 fuch Sentence, and Ihali be convidted thereof in the ordinary Courl of Law, every fuch Perfon (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty d Felony, and (hall fuffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clerg}

V.	Provided, and be it ena&ed, That in all cafes wherein a Capita Punifiiment (hall have been awarded by a Court Martial, it (hall t lawful for His Majesty, in (lead of caufing fetch Sentence to be carrw into Execution, to order the Offender to be tranfported as a Fekj for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, as to His Majeftv (ha feem meet; and if the Perfon fo tranfported, in purfuance of fuc Order from His Majesty, (hall afterwards (without Leave from Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Pty to which he (hall have been tranfported,) return into or be found J large without Leave as aforefaid, or other lawful Caufe, within *n Part of Great Britain or Ireland, or in any of Hb Majesty’s Poffeffioi abroad, other than the Place to which he (hall have been tranfportei before the Expiration of the Term limited by fuch Order, and (hs be duly convi&ed thereof, he (hall fuffer Death as a Felon withoi Benefit of Clergy.

X. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That, whence any Sentence of Tranfportation paffed by any Court Martial hold* in the Eajl Indies or in His Majesty's Settlements of the Cape Good Hope or Ceylon, or in any Settlement occupied by -His Majesty Forces beyond the Cafe of Good Hope, is to be carried into Executio or Mercy (hall be extended to any Offender liable to the Puniftiroel of Death by the Sentence of any fuch Court Martial, upon Conditk of Tranfportation, the fame (hall be notified in Writing by the Oflb commanding in Chief His Majesty*® Forces in India, or in the A| fence of the Officer commanding in Chief, then by the Adjud General for the time being, to fome Judge of One of the Suprefj Courts of Judicature of the Prefidencies of Fort William, Fort Sal George or Bombay, or the Chief Jufticc or other Judge at the Ida) of Ceylon or the Cape of Good Hope, or any fuch other Settlement aforefaid, and thereupon fuch Judge (hall make an Order for t| Tranfportation of fuen Offender, upon the Terms and for the Tin which (hall be fpccified in fuch Notification, and (hall alfo make fui other Order or Orders, and do all fuch other A61s consequent up4 the fame, as any fuch Judge is authorized to make or do, under] A6fc paffed in a Parliament holden in the Thirty ninth and Fortiel Years of His Maiefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for ejlahlifhing furtb Regulations for tie Government of the Briti(h Territories in India, m the better Adminiflration of Jujlice within the fame, with refped I Offenders ordered to he tranfported by Sentence of the Crimin Courts in India, and the Governor and Council of fuch Prefidenc refpedively (hall, and they are hereby required to take Order for tl Tranfportation of all fuch Offenders accordingly.

XII. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, Thi His Majesty may, from time to time, grant a Commiffion, under tl Royal Sign Manual, for the holding of General Courts Martial withi the United Kingdom of Great Britain a fid Ireland, in like manners has been heretofore ufed ; and that Hb Majesty may likewife, froi

tim



C.21.

69

52® GEO. in.

time to time, by His Royal Com million, empower the Chief Governor or Governors of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain rad Inland, called Ireland, the Governor of Gibraltar, and the Governor of any of His Majelly’s Dominions beyond the Seas refpec-tively, or the Perfon or Perfons there commanding in Chief His Majety's Forces for the time being, and may alfo from time to time tsteod His Royal Warrant to the Commander of the Forces in that Part of the laid United Kingdom called Ireland, and to any General or other Officer having the Command of a Body of His Majesty'i Forces within the United Kingdo/n of Great Britain and Ireland, or is any of Ha Majesty’s Dominions, or elfewhere beyond the Seas, or to the General or other Officer commanding fuch Body of Forces for the time being, empowering them refpeaively to appoint General Courts Martial, as well as to authorize any Officer under their re-fpeftive Command, not below the Degree of a Field Officer, to convene General Courts Martial, as Occafion may require, for the Trial ofOSeoces committed by any of their Forces under their feveral Cosaaod, whether the fame fhall have been fo committed before or after fuch General Officer fhall have taken upon himfeif fuch Com-jnasd; all which Courts Martial (hall be conitituted, and fhall regulate their Proceedings according to the feveral Provifions hereinafter fpecified.

XV. Provided alfo. That if any Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer, «r Soldier, fhall beaccufedof any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence again ft the Perfon, Eftate, or Property of any of His Majesty’s Subjeds, which is punifhable by the known Laws of the Land; the Commanding Officer and Officers of every Regiment, Troop, Company or Party, is and are hereby required to ufe his and their uttnofl Endeavours to deliver over fuch accufed Perfon to the Civil Magiftrate ; and (hall alfo be aiding and affifling to the Officers %of Jdbce in the feizing and apprehending fuch Offender, in order to bring him to Trial: And if any fuch Commanding Officer (hall wOfblly oegled or refufe, upon Application made to him for that Porpofc, 10 deliver over any fuch accufed Perfon to the Civil Magi-hnte, or to be aiding or affifting to the Officers of Jultice in apprehending fuch Offenders; every luch Officer fo offending, and being thereof confided, upon any Information or Indidment in any of His Majffty's Courts of Record at IVeJlminfter, or in any of His Majesty’s Courts in Scotland or in Dublin, mall be deemed and taken to be iffo fa8o ofhiered, and fhall be utterly difabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Gnat Britain and Ireland, or in His Majesty's Service, and a Certificate thereof fhall be tranfmitted to the Judge Advocate in London, i tab Convidion fhall be in Great Britain, or to the Judge Advocate in Dubba, if fuch Convidion fhall be in Ireland.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enaded and declared. That all General Courts Martial held under the Authority of this Ad, fhall coofift of Thirteen or Nine Commiffioned Officers, as the Cafe may mpire; except the fame fhall be holden upon any Officer, Non Com-aafiooed Officer, or Private Soldier of His Majesty’s Forces, which (hall be ferving in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majefly’s Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, in ibich Cafes any General Court Martial may confift of any Number

Perfons accufed of Capital Crimes, Sec. delivered over te Civil Magif. trace, &c.

General Court Martial to coo lift of 13 or 9 Commiffioned Officers. Exception.



A.D.i8i:

,1

'l

7®

General Court Martial in fen-tencing Soldier to Lola of Life, £c.

Inflicting corporal Putiilh-inent,&c. for 1mmoral.ties, &c.

Sentencing Non-com mif-lioned Officers dr Soldiers to Houle of Correction,^.

Gaolers refufing to receive them. Penalty.

Such Non Com-miflioned Officers and Soldiers to forfeit Pay. Allowance to Gaolers,|cc.

*

C.2Z.	520 GEO. III.

not lefs than Seven ; and except the dame (hall be holden in jifrica c in New South Wales, in which Places fuch General Courts Marti may confilt of any Number not lefs than Five ; of whom none (ha be under the Degree of a Commiflion Officer; nor (hall the Prefider of any General Court Martial be the Officer commanding in Chief, c Governor of the Garrifon where the Offender (hall be tried, nc under the Degree of a Field Officer, unlefs where a Field Offici cannot be had j nor in any Cafe whatsoever under the Degree of Captain.

XXL Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no Gener Court Martial, confiding of any lefs Number than Thirteen Con miffioned Officers, unlefs holden in any Place beyond the Seas out < His Majesty’s Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belongin to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to th Eajl Indies, or in Africa or New South Wales as aforefaid, iliall fci tence any Non Commiffiotied Officer or Soldier to Lofs of Life c Limb, or Tranfportation.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it (ha be lawful for any fuch General Courts Martial, by their Sentence c Judgment, to infli& Imprifonment or Corporal Punifhment, not es tending to Life or Limb, as fuch Court (hall think fit, on an Soldier for Immoralities, Milbehaviour or Negledl of Duty.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it (ha be lawful for any General or other Court Martial to fen tence an Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier to Imprifonment in any Hou( of .Corre&ion, Common Gaol or Public Prifon ; and all Gaolers am Keepers of fuch Houfes of Correction or Prifons (hall receive int their Cudody,and keep in Confinement for fuch time as they ihallb refpeftively required fo to do, any Non Commiffioned Officer or Sol dier who may have been fentenced to Imprifonment by any Genera or other Court Martial, and (hall provide a proper Place for the Con finement of any fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, according to the Sentence of fuch Court during the Period of his Imprifonment upon receiving an Order in Writing from the Commanding Officer o the Diftrift within which fuch General Court Martial (hall have beei held, or from the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Corps t< which fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier fo tried by any Regi mental Court Martial as aforefaid (hall belong ; and every Gaoler anc Keeper of a Houfe of Correction or Prifon. who (hall refufe lo receive and to confine any fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier in man ner as aforefaid, (hall forfeit, for every fuch Offence, the Sum of 0n< hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or Informatioi for the Ufe of His Maieily.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, .That every Non Commiffionec Officer or Soldier to be imprifoned as aforefaid, (hall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Commitment during the time of fuel Imprifonment; and alfo, that during the Continuance of any fuel Imprifonment, the Gaoler or Keeper of fuch Prifon or Houfe oi Correction (hall receive the Sum of Nine Pence per Diem out of the Subfiftence of fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier duringthc time that fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier (hall continue in Cuftody, which faid Sum the Secretary at War is hereby authorized and required to caufe to be paid to the faid Gaoler or Keeper aforefaid, upon receiving an Application in Writing figned by any

Juft ice

 '

C. 22.

71

S2°GE0.ni.

lice of the Peace for the County or Riding in which fuch Gaol, tfoo or Houfe of Correction (hall be locally fituate, together with Jopy of the Order under which the laid Non Commiffioned Officer Soldier was coufined : Provided always, That it (hall be lawful for t Secretary at War for the time being, if he fhould think fit, to der the Iffue and Payment of the Surplus of fuch Pay or any Portion ereof, or of any Arrears thereof, to or on account of fuch Non OBumffioned Officer or Soldier, during or after the Expiration of le Period of his Imprifonment.

XXVL Provided always, and be it further enabled. That in all rials by General Courts Martial, to be held by virtue of this Ad, try Member affifting at fuch Trial, before any Proceedings be had ereupoo,/hall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelifts, fore the Judge Advocate, or his Deputy (who are hereby authored to adminifter the fame) ; that is to fay,

■yOU (hall well and truly try and determine, according to your Evidence in the Matter now before you. So help you God.’

J A. B. do {wear, That I will duly adminifter Juftice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majesty's Forces, and according to an Ad of Parliament now in force for the Puniftiment of Mutiny and Defertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour on* Affedion ; and if any Doubt (hall arife (which is not explained by the faid Articles, or Ad of Parliament) according to my Confcience, the beft of my Uoderftanding, and the Cuftom of War in the like cafes: And I further fwear. That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it (hall be approved by His Majesty, or by fome Perfon duly authorized by him; neither will I, upon any Account, at any time whatfoever, difclofe or difeover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, nnlefs required to give Evi. deuce thereof as a Witnefs, by a Court of Juftice, or a Court Mar-trd, in a due Courfe of Law.	So help me GOD.*

\nd fo foon as the faid Oaths (hall have been adminiftered to the re-pedive Members, the Prefident of the Court is hereby authorized ad required to adminifter to the Judge Advocate, or the Perfon offi-iatieg as fuch, an Oath in the following'Words :

T A. B. do fwear, That I will not upon any Account, at any A time whatfoever, difclofe or difeover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unlefs required to give Evidence thereof, as a Witnefs, by a Court of Juftice or a Court Martial, in a due Courfe of Law.	So help me GOD.*

And no Sentence of Death (hall be given agaitift any Offender in foch Cafe by any General Court Martial, unlefs Nine Officers pre-fan (ball concur therein (except fuch General Court Martial fhall beholden many Place beyond the Seas out of HU Majesty’s Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, or in Africa or in New South Wales* as aforefaid) ; and in all cafes where a Court Martial (hall coufift of more Officers than Thirteen, and alfo m any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of aoy of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, or in Africa* and in iVVw South Wales as aforefaid, when the fame (hall confift of a leffer

F



^ Number

L.oogle

Provifa

Officers fworn.

Oaths by Members of General Court Martial.

Judge Advocate

fworn.

The Oath.

In Sentencesof Death, what Number of Officers ihall concur, &c.

72

Hours of Trial

C. 22.

A.E>. x 8

Witnefles attending Courts Martial privileged from Arreft

Witnefles not

attending,

attached.

Offenders beyond Sea,&c. tried here,&c.

Perfon* offering to bo falfely in uttered.

Punifhment. Horfes falfely muttered.

Penalty. How levied.

52° GEO. III.

Number of Officers, then fuch Judgment (hall pafs by the Con rence of Two Thirds at the lead of the Officers prefent; and no ] ceeding or Trial (hall be had upon any Offence, but between Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in Afternoon, except in cafes which require an immediate Exam] Provided alfo, that all Witneffes duly fummoned by the Judge . vocate, or the Perfon officiating as fuch, (hall during their necei Attendance in fuch Courts, and in going to and returning from fame, be privileged from Arreft in like manner as Witneffes atteiu any of His Majesty’s Courts of Law are privileged ; and that if fuch Witnefs (hall be unduly arrefted, he (hallbe difeharged from f Arreft by the Court out of which the Writ or Procefs iffued by wb fuch Witnefs was arrefted ; or if the Court out of which the Writ Procefs iffued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court King’s Bench in London or in Dublin, or Court of Seffions in £ i land, or Courts of Law in the Wejl Indies, according as the cafe (1 require, upon its being made appear to fuch Court or Judge, Affidavit iu a fummary way, that luch Witnefs was arrefted in goi to or returning from, or attending upon fuch Court Martial; and tl all Witneffes fo duly fummoned as aforefaid, who (hall not atte on fuch Courts, (hall be liable to be attached in the Court of Kinj Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Seffions in Scotland, or Cow, of Law in the Wejl Indies refpe&ively, upon Complaint made to t faid Court of King’s Bench, or Court of Seffions in Scotland, Courts of Law in tne Weft Indies, in like manner as if fuch Witn< had negle&ed to attend on a Trial in any criminal Proceeding in th Court.

XXXVII. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That if ai Officer or Soldier (hall, in any of His Majesty’s Dominions beyoi the Seas, or elfewhere beyond the Seas, commit any of the OfFene for which he may be liable to be tried by Courts Martial by virti of this A6t, and (hall come or be brought into this Realm, or h I Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney, Sari or Man, or the Iflands thereto hi longing, before he be tried by a Court Martial for fuch Offei.ce ; fuc Officer or Soldier (hall be tried and punifhed for the fame, as if th faid Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XLIII. And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefa/c That if any Perfon (hall be falfely muftered, or offer him ft If falfely o deceitfully to be muftered, upon Proof thereof made upon Oath b Two Witneffes, before any Jufticeof the Peace for the County refid ing near the Place where fuch Mufter (hall be made, and upon Cer tificate thereof in Writing, under the Hand of the Commiflary of th Mutters, or Mufter Matters as aforefaid, made to fuch Jullice of th< Peace, the faid Juftice is hereby authorized and required to commii fuch Offender to the Houfe of Corredfion, there to remain forth< Space of Ten Days: And if any Perfon (hall wittingly or willing!) lend or fumifli any Horfe to be muftered, which (hall not truly belong to the Trooper or Troop fo muftered, the faid Horfe fo falfely muh tered (hall be forfeited to the Inforirer, if the fame doth belong to the Perfon lending or fumifhing the faid Horfe ; or otherwife the Perfon lending or furnifhing the faid Horfe fiiall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, upon Oath made by Two Witneffes, before fome Juftice of the Peace refiding near to the Place where fuch Muller (hall be made; which Twenty Pounds (hall be levied by Warrant





C.22.

73

520 GEO. in.

bdAt the Hand and Seal of the laid Juftice, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon fo offending, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner ; and in cafe fuch Offender (hall so* hive fufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs may be made, to the Value of toe Penalty to be recovered againft him, or (hall not pay fach Penalty within Four Days after fuch Convi&ion ; then, lad in fucti cafe, fuch Juftice of the Peace ftiall and may, by Warrant onder his Hand and Seal, either commit fuch Offender to the Cotmsoo Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Months, or catife fuch Offender to be publickly whipped, at the Difcretion of fnch Juftice; and the faid Forfeiture Soldiers giving flail be given or paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons that (hall give In- Information of fbmatioo thereof; and the faid Informer or Informers, if b* longing to v1ufterk* the Service, (hall have a Right to be difeharged forthwith, if he or *C they fhal! demand the fame.

' 4 XLV. And whereas, by the Petition of Rights in the Third Year 3 Car.i.

4 of King Charles the Firft, it is ena&ed and declared, that the 4 People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burthened with 4 tbe fcjourning of Soldiers againft their Wills; and by a Claufe in 4 20 Ac! of thr Britifb Parliament, made in the One and thirtieth 3* Car.a. c.i.

• Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a 4 Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and fix thoufand four hun-4 tired fixty two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three pence, for 4 paying and di/banding the Forces, it is declared and ena&ed, That 4 no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Perfon whatfoever, fhould 4 from thenceforth prefume to place, quarter or billet, any Soldier 4 or Soldiers upon any Subjedt or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any 4 Degree, Qual ty or Profeflion whatfoever, without his Confent;

4 and that it (hall and may he lawful for any Subjeft, Sojourner or In-4 habitant, to refufe to quarter any Soldier or Soldiers, notwithlland-4 me any Demand or Warrant or Billetting whatfoever: But for-4 afmuch as at this time, and during the Continuance of this A&,

4 there is and may be Occafion for the marching and quartering of 4 Regiments, Troops and Companies, in feveral Parts ot the United

*	Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ;9 Be it further, ena&ed Con (tables,&e.

4 by the Authority aforefaid, That for and during the Continuance in Eneland to of this Ad, and no longer, it fhall and may be lawful to and for	9fficcrf

tbe Con (tables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief Officers Jnn#‘

and Magiftratcs of Cities, Towns and Villages, and other Places houfes, Icc. within England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy and in their Default or Abfence, for any One Juftice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any fuch City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and fuch Conftables, and other Chief Magiftrates as aforrfaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service, and Perfons receiving Pay in His Majesty’s Army, in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehoufes, Victualling Houfes, aod the Houfes of Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houfes, or Places thereunto belonging; other than and except Canteens held and occupied under the Authority of the Comtniffioncrs for the Affairs of Barracks, and other than and

*	except Perfons who keep Taverns only, being Freemen of the Company of Vintners of the City of Londony who were admitted to the Freedom before the Fifth Day of July One thoufand feven hundred and fifty feven, or who fince have or (hall hereafter be admitted to



C.22.

A.D. i8it

but in no Diftfl-lers or Shop* keepers Houfes, orjprivate Houfes.

Conftables, &c. quartering in private Houfes, &c.

Penalty.

Officers quartering contrary to A&,6cc.

Penalty.

Juftices may order CouftaUea to give Account of Number of Soldiers quartered, &c.

52° GEO. HI.

their Freedom of the faid Company in Right of Patrimony < Apprenticeffiip, notwithftanding fuch. Perfons who keep Taven only, have taken out Vi&ualling Licences ; and all Houles of Pei fons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Metheglin, by Retai to be drank in Houfes, other than and except the Houfe or Houf< of any Diftillers, who keep Houfes or Places for diftilling- Brand and Strong Waters, and the Houfe of any Shopkeeper whofe prit cipal Dealings (hall be more in other Goods and Merchandises tha in Brandy and Strong Waters, (fo as fuch Diitillers and Shopkeepei do not permit or fuffer Tippling in his or their Houfes) and in n other, and in no private Houfes whatfoever; nor (hall any mur Billets at any time be ordered than there are effedlive Soldiers prefer to be quartered ; all which Billets, when made out by fuch Chie Magiftrates or Conftables, (hall be delivered into the Hands of th Commanding Officers prefent: And if any Conftable, Tithingraan or fuch like Officer or Magiftrate, as afore(aid, fhall prefume to quar ter or billet any fuch Officer or Soldier in any fuch private Houfe without the Confent of the Owner or Occupier, in fuch cafe fuel Owner or Occupier (hall have his or their Remedy at Law again f fuch Magiftrate or Officer, for the Damage that fuch Owner 01 Occupier (hall fuftain thereby: And if any Military Officer (hall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwife than is limited and allowed by this Adi, or (hall ufe or offer any Menace or CumpuKion to or upon any Mayors, Conftables, or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and difeourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed ; fuch Military Officer (hall, for every fuch Offence, (being thereof con-vidfed before any Two or more of the Juftices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witnefles) be deemed and taken to be ipfo Jado calhiered, and (hall be utterly difabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty’s Service; provided the faid Convidtton be affirmed at the next Quarter Seffions of the Peace of the faid County, and a Certificate thereof be tranfmitted to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the Commander in Chief and Secretary at War : And in cafe any Perfon (hall find himfelf aggrieved, in that luch Conftable, Tithingman or Headborough, Chief Officer or Magiftrate, (fuch Chief Officer or Magiftrate not being a Juftice of the Peace,) has quartered or billetted in his Houfe a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours, and (hall complain thereof to One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the Divifion, City or Liberty, where fuch Soldiers are quartered; or in cafe fuch Chief Officer or Magiftrate (hall be a Juftice of the Peace, then, on Complaint made to Two or more Juftices of the Peace of fuch Divifion, City or Liberty, fuch Juftices refpeftively (hall have, and have hereby Power to relieve fuch Perfon, by ordering fuch and fo many of the Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they (hall fee Caufe; and fuch other Perfon or Perfons (hall be obliged to receive fuch Soldiers accordingly.

LVI. And, for the better preventing Abufes in quartering or billetting the Soldiers in purfuance of this Adt, Be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace within their *	2	refpetfhe

v^ooQle

AJ). 1812.

C22.

75

52° GEO. m.

* rrfpoftire Counties, Cities or Liberties, in any Part of the United R	by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand or Seal,

- or Hands and Seals, at any time or times during the Continuance of 5 this Ad, to require and command any High Conflable, Conflablc, e Beadk or other Officer, who (hall quarter or billet any Soldiers in 1 porfuasee of this Act, to give an Account in Writing unto the faid 1 Jutke Juflices requiring the fame, of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who fhall be quartered or billtted by them, and alio the [ Names of the Houfekeepers or Perfons upon whom every fuch Officer or Soldier (hall be quartered or billetted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every fuch Houfekeeper dwells, aod of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houfes 5 to the end it ■ may appear to the faid Ju(lice or Juftices where fuch Officers and Soldiers are quartered or billetted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punifh all Abufes in the quartering or billetting of them.

LV1I. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it (hall Juftices m*y bebsrfnl for any Juftice of the Peace at the Requeft of any Officer extend Routes or Noa Commiflioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring •ndenhrg® Quarters or Billets, in any cafe in which it fhall appear to fuch Officer ^uantr** orJafhcethat better Accommodation can be given to the Troops by extending any Route or enlarging the Diftrift, within which Quarters and Billets (hall be required, to enlarge fuch Route, and extend fuch Quarters and Billets in fuch manner as fhall be molt convenient to the Troops to be quartered and billetted; any Aft, Law or Cuftotn to the contrary notwithftanding.

LX. And, that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers may Officers receiving hereafter be duly paid and fatisfied, and His Majesty’s Duties of Pay to fettle txcife better an fwe red, Be it enafted by the Authority aforefaid, Demsndsof That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of March One thou- Innkeepers, had eight hundred and twelve, every Officer to whom it belongs to rtcove, or that does aftually receive the Pay or Subfiftence Mocejf either for a whole Regiment, or particular Troops and Companies, or otherwife, fhall every Four Days, or before the Troops fhall quit their Quarters, if they fhall not remain fo long as Four Days, fettle the juft Demands of all Perfons keeping Inns, or ether Places where Officers or Soldiers are quartered by virtue of this Ad, out of the Pay and Subfiftence of fuch Officers and Soldiers, before any Part of the faid Pay or Subfiftence be diftributed to either of them refpeftively : Provided the faid Demands exceed pate$ to jnn. sot, for a Cotnmjffion Officer of Horfe, being under the Degree of a keepers for Dieu Captain, tor fuch Officer’s Diet and Small Beer, p.r Diem, Two Shillings; nor for One Commiffion Officer of Dragoons, being under the 1 egree of a Captain, for fuch Officer’s Diet and Small Beer, per Dumt One Shilling ; nor for One Commiffion Officer of Foot, under the Degree of a Captain, for fuch Officer’s Diet and Small Betr, per Diem, One Shilling; nor for One Light Horfemau’s Diet 2nd Small Beer, per Diem9 Seven pence; nor for One Dragoon’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Seven pence ; nor for One Foot Soldier’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Five pence; nor for each Horfe which (hall be quartered under the Authority of this A6\ for Hay and Straw for fuch Horfe, per Diem, Six pence: And if any Officers not Officer or Officers, as aforefaid, fhall not fatisfy, content and pay farisfying Aor the fame, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two counta*

Witnefles,



76	C.22. j2°GEO. m.	A.O.ii

Witnefles, at the next Quarter Seffions for the County or i where fuch Quarters were, (which Oath the Juftices of the P at fuch Seffions are hereby authorized and required to adminift the Secretary at War is hereby required and authorized ( upon < tificate of the faid Juftices before whom fuch Oath was made the Sum due upon fuch Accounts, and the Perfons to whom fame is owing,) to give Orders to the Agent of the Troop or CV Pcnilty.	pany to pay and fatisfy the faid Sums, ana to charge the fame aga

luch Officer.

Providing Car- LXIII. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefa riage* for	That for the better and more regular Provifion of Carriages for I

i.iTnria”d. Majesty’s Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes Accoutrements, in England, Wales and the Town of Berwick v* Tweed, all Juftices of the Peace, within their feveral Counti Ridings, Divifions, Shires, Liberties and Precin&s, being duly t quired thereunto, by an Order from His Majesty, or the Genet of His Forces, or the Mailer General or Lieutenant General . His Majefly’s Ordnance, or other Perfon duly authorized in th; Behalf, (hall, as often as fuch Order is brought and (hewn unto Oi or more of them by the Quartermafler, Adjutant, or other Officer c Non Commiffioned Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troo or Company, fo ordered to march, ifiue out his or their Warranf to the Conftables or Petty Conftables, of the Divifion, Riding City; Liberty, Hundred and Precind, from, through, near, or t< which fuch Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, fhall be ordered to march ; requiring them to make fuch Provifion of Car riages, and Horfes or Oxen, with able Men to drive the fame, as is mentioned in the faid Warrant, allowing them fufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Bur-Warrants to fpe- then; and fpecifying in the faid Warrants the Place or Places to cify Places to	which the faid Carriages (hall, by virtue of fuch Order as aforefaid,

which Carriages reqUjre(j t0 travel, which (hall not exceed the Day’s March of a travt, c.	rpr00pS>	a8	prescribed	in	the	Order	produced to the Mag ill rate,

unlefs in cafe of prefling Emergency or NecefGty, and fhall in no cafe whatever exceed Twenty five Miles from the Place at which the March fhall commence: And in* cafe fufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any fuch Liberty, Divifion or Precind, then the Jultice or Jullices of tne Peace of the next adjoining County, Riding or Divifion, fhall, upon fuch Order as aforefaid being brought or fhewn to One or more of them by any of the Officers aforefaid, ifTue his or their Warrant to the Conftables or Petty Conftables of fuch next County, Riding, Liberty, Divifion or Precind, for the Pur-Rates for Car-	pofes aforefaid, to make up fuch Deficiency ; And the aforefaid

nagei.	Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforefaid Warrant from

the Juftices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Conflable or Petty Conflable, to whom the Warrant is direded, is and are hereby required, at the fame time, to pay down in Hand to the faid Conflable or Petty Conflable, for the Ufe of the Perfon who fhall provide fuch Carriages and Men, the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horfes fhall travel $ and the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wain with Six Oxen, or Four Oxen with Two Horfes, fhall travel; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horfes, refpec-

^.ooQle

uD.i8t2.

C.22.

77

52* GEO. III.

dy, or carrying not lets than Fifteen Hundred Weight, (hail nel; and the Sum of Six pence for every Mile every Cart or ber Carriage, with lefs than Four Horfes, and not carrying Fifteen londred Weight, (hall travel; or any further Sum not exceeding our pence, for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horfes, r any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horfes, dll travel; and not exceeding Three pence for every Mile any Cart rob Four Horfes, or carrying not lefs than Fifteen Hundred height, (hall travel; and not exceeding Two pence for every Mile bit Cart or Carriage with lefs than Four Horfes, and not carrying Poteen Hundred Weight, (hall travel; according as the fame (hall it fixed and ordered by the Juftices of the Peace for any County r Difirid affembled at any General Seffions of the Peace for fuch Jocnty or Diftri&, the faid Juftices having regard to the Price of Jay and Oats at the time of fixing fuch additional Rates; for which nfpedive Sums fo received the faid Conftable or Petty Conftable is krebj required to give a Receipt in Writing (which Receipt need not be damped) to the Perfon or Perfons paying the fame: And fuch Cosfbble, or Petty Conftable, (hall order and appoint fuch Perfon fir Perfons, having Carriages within their refpe&ive Liberties, as they (ball think proper, to provide and furuifti fuch Carriages and Horfes and Oxen and Men, according to the Warrant aforefaid, who are hereby required to provide and Furnifh the fame accordingly ; »d no Perfon owning or driving, or caufing to be driven, any iucli ffaggon. Wain, Cart or other Carriage, (hall be fubjedf to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor (ball any fuen Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage be flopped or detained by reafon of any Weight in soy fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horfes or Oxen ; but it (hall be lawful for any Owner of any fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to pat any additional Number of Horfes or Oxen to thofe preferibed or paid for under this A61; any thing in any A& or Ads of Parliament rdatagto Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway or Road, to the contrary not with (landing: And if any Military Officer or Officers, for the Ufc of whofe Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company the Carriage was provided, (hall force and cocftraiu any Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, to travel beyond the D&ancc fpecificd in the Magiftrate’s Warrant, or (hall not difeharge tbc feme in due time for their Return Home on the fame Day, if it be practicable, or (hall fuffer any Soldier or Servant (except fuch si art tick), or any Woman to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforefaid ; or (hall force any Conftable or Petty Conftable, by threatening or menacing Words to provide Saddle Horfes for themfdves or Servants, or (hall force Horfes from the Owners, by tbenfclves. Servants or Soldiers, every fuch Officer, for every fuch Of«ce, (hall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty’s Juftices of the Peace of tbeiame County or Riding, who are to certify the fame to the Secretary at War, who is hereby authorized and required to give Orders for the Payment of the aforefaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforefeid Juftices of the Peace of the fame County or Riding, and for deducing the fame out of fuch Officer’s Pay: Provided always, that in cafes where the Day’s March of theTroops fhall

exceed



Officers forcing Waggons to travel more than Magift;ate’s Warrant fpeci-fieij&c.

Penalty.

Fun her Com-penfatioa for

C. 22.

S2» GEO. m.

A.D.181

which imprefled.

Provifo.

Carriages, in exceed Fifteen Miles, fuch further Compensation (hall be made ai cafes where they paid in lik.e manner to the Owners of the faid Carriages as lhall 1 cannot ietum deemed reafonable by the Magiftrate who granted the Warrant f me a5ron- - imprelfing them, not exceeding the ufual Rate and Hire of fuch Cl riages : Provided alfo, that every Order of the Juftices aflembled any General SeiBons of the Peace, fixing a further Sum to be pi for the H ire of Carriages as aforefaid, in addition to the cuftoroa Rates of One Shilling, and Nine pence, and Six pence per Mi refpeClively, (hall fpecify the Period for which the fame (hall be force, and which lhall not in any cafe exceed Ten Days beyondt| General Seffions of the Peace for fuen County or Diftri£t next ( fuing the Date of luch Order ; and a Copy of every fuch Orth ligned by the Chairman or prefiding Migiftrate, and One oil Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate at the Quarter Seffions at whl the fame (hall be made, (hall within Tliree Days after the roaki thereof, be transmitted to the Secretary at War ; and no fuch Od (hall bi* valid or effi dtual, unlefs a Copy thereof be fo figned and trai mitted as aforefaid: Provided always, that in every cafe of any cteafcd Rate being allowed for the Hire of any Carriage, the Jutli of the Peace grantingor figning the Warrant (hall iniert in his 01 Hand the Amount of fuch increafed Rate for each Defcriptioo Carriage, as fo authorized by the Juftices at Quarter Seffions as afol faid, and fuch Warrant lhall be given to the Officer or Non Comm fioi.ed Officer commanding the Regiment, Corps, Company, B tahment or Party requiring fuch Carriages, as his Voucher for l Payment of fuch increaied Rate, and no increafed Rate (hall be < manded but fuch as (hall be fo inferted by the Juftice in the Warrai 4 LXIV. And whereas it may fometiraesbecome necefTary in cal 4 of Emergency to provide proper and fpeedy means for the Carria 4 and Conveyance, not only of the Arms, Clothes, Accoutremen 4 Tents, Baggage, and other Equipage of and belonging to I 4 Majefly *s Forces in their Marches, but alfo of the Officers, S\ 4 diers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Perfons of and bcloc 4 ing to fuch Forces : And whereas it is expedient that Provifi 4 (hould be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to fuch Orders 4 His Majeity may in fuch calcs thiuk fit to lflue, inpurfuar.ee of t 4 Powers by Law veiled in H im for the Advancement of the genei 4 Good and public Welfare of the Realm ;* Be it therefore furtfc In cafes of ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for f Emergency Juf- Majesty, by His Order, ditlinctly Bating that fuch cafe of Emergen tices may be ie- g0th	figUified by the Secretary at War, for the time being,

Warrants for* any General or Field Officer commanding His Majesty’s Forces providing Saddle any Diftritt or Place, or to the CommifTary in Chief of Stores ai Horfes and l«'our Provifions at Home, to authorize fuch General or Field Officers wheeled C,»rri Commilfary in Chief as aforefaid, by Writing under his Hand, red aSe®	ing fuch Order of His faid MajeBy, to require all Jufiices of t

an a 0 c e ?. peace wjthin their feveral Counties, Ridings, Divifions, Cities, I berties and Precincts in England\ IVales, and Town of Berwick up Tweed, to iflue his or their Warrant or Warrants for any of tl Purpofes hereinafter mentioned ; and fuch Juftice or Juftices (ha when and as often as fuch Requifition in Writing as la ft mention! (ball be brought and (hewn unto any One or more of fuch Juftice by the Quarter Mailer, Adjutant, or other Officer of the Regimen Detachment, Troop or Company, fo ordered to be conveyed, 1



Google

AJX 1812.

C.22.

79

52° GEO. HI.

by any Officer in the Department of the faid Commiflary General, tQ flue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Conltables, or Petty Conftable*, of the County, Divifion, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precin6t, from, through, near or to which fuch Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company (hall be fo ordered to be conveyed, requiring them to make fuch Provifion uot only of Waggons, Wains and Carts kept by, or belonging to, any Perfon or redans, and for any Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever, but alfo of Saddle Horfes, Coaches, Chaifes, and other Four-wheeled Carriages ufually let to Hire, or kept for that Purpofe ; and alfo of Boats, Barges and other Veflels, ufed for the Carnage of Coals, Stone, Lime, Manure or of Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or any other Articles or Commodity whatfoever, upon any Canal or navigable River, with able Men and Horfes to drive, navigate and draw the fame, as (hall be mentioned in the faid Warrant or Warrants, therein fpecifying the Place or Diftance to which fuch Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Veflels and Men (hall go and be conveyed, and allowing fuch Codbbles fufficient time to make fuch Provifion, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen 5 and in cafe fuch Efficient Carnages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veflels, and Men, cannot be provided within any fuch County, Riding, Divifion, Hundred, City, Liberty or Precin&,then the next Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the next County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty or Precrod, (hall, upon fuch Requifition in Writing as laft aforefaid being brought or (hewn to any One or more of them, by any of the Officers aforefaid, ifiue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Con-Aables, or Petty Conftables, of fuch next County, Riding, City, Liberty, Divifion, Hundred or Precinft, for the Purpofes laft aforefaid, to make up fuch Deficiency 5 and the aforefaid Officer or Officers, who,by virtue of the aforefaid Warrant or Warrants from the Juftice or Jufbces of the Peace, are to demand the Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other VefTels therein mentioned, of the Conftable or Petty Conftable to whom the faid Warrant or Warrants (hall be dire&ed, is and are hereby required at the fame time to pay down in Hand to the (aid Conftable or Petty Conftable, for the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who (hall provide fuch Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veflels, and Men, fuch reafonable Sum and Sums of Money, as the (aid Juftice or Juftices (hall in and by his or their faid Warrant or Wanant3 ordet and diredt, not exceeding the ufual Rate and Hire of fuch and the like Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veflels, and Men, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each particular cafe, but making no Allowance for Pod Horfe Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River or Lock Tolls (which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable or payable in iuch aid the like cafes, for any fuch Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges ind other Veflels. whilft employed in fuch Service, or returning therefrom!; for which (aid refpc&ive Sum and Sums fo received', the faid Cooitable or Petty Conftable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing, but without any Stamp, to the Perfon or Perfons paying the fame; and fuch Conftable or Petty Conftable (hall order and appoint Inch Perfon or Perfons having fuch Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veflels, and Men, within their refpedtive Liberties, as they (hall think proper, to provide and furnifli iuch Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veflels and Men, according to the

Warrant 

Officers demand ing them, to pay for Hire fuch Sums a* Juftices fh 11 direct.

Conftable to give Receipt without Stamp, and order Horfes, See. to be provided.

8o

C.22.

A.D.181:

Military Officer' may convoy an lh* m Arm*, Accoutrement*, Baggage, See.

Officers forcing Hories kc- to travel Seyond Dtftance Ipeci-fied in Warrant*

Penalty.

Relief of Pertons haltily inlifting themfelvet.

Such Perfona not paying In-lilting and Sub-fiftence Money within limited Time deemed inlift ed.

Juftices to read over to them certain Scions of Ar-

520 GEO. III.

Warrant or Warrants aforefaid, who are hereby required to provK and fumifli the fame accordingly j and it (hall and may be lawful fnch cafes, to and for all and every Military Officer and Officers, f the Ufe of whom, or of whofe Regiment, Detachment, Troop Company, fuch Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veffi (hall he provided in fuch cafes, to carry and convey, and permit to I carried and conveyed, on the fame refpe&ively, not only the Anr Cloaths, Accoutrements, Baggage, Tents and other Equipage fuch Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, but alfo the Of cers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children and other Perfons of ai belonging to the fame; any thing herein contained to the contra thereof notwithftanding: But if any fuch Officer or Officers (hall for and conflrain any Horfe, Carriage, Boat, Barge or other Veflel, travel or proceed beyond the Diitance or Place to be allowed aj fpecified in fuch Warrant or Warrants, without the fpecial Licence Order of One or more other fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace that Behalf, and which Licence or Order One or more of fuch Juffic is and are hereby authorized and required to give and make at his at their reafonable Difcretiou, every fuch Officer, for every fuch Offeoc (hall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof t>eing ma< upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Juftices of the Peace of tl fame County or Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty or Precin6fc, wf are to certify the fame to the Secretary at War, who is hereby a thorized and required to give Order for Payment of the aforefaid Su of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under tl Hands and Seals of the aforefaid Juftices of the Peace of the fan County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty or PrecinA, and for dcdui ting the fame out of fuch Officer’s Pay.

LXXVIII. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby ena&cd an declared by the Authority aforefaid, That, from and after the fai Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred an twelve, when and as often as any Perfon or Perfons {hall be inlifle as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Maiefty’s Land Service, he or the (hall, within Four Days, but not looner than Twenty four Hour after fuch inlifting refpedively, be carried or go with fome Office Non Commiffioned Officer, or Private Soldier belonging to the R< cruiting Party by which he (hall be inlifted, or with the Perfon en ployed on the Recruiting Service with whom he (hall have inliftec before fome Juftice of the Peace of any County, Riding, Cityc Place, or Chief Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate, refidin or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place and a&ing for tb Divifion or Diftrift where fuch Penon or Perfons (hall have been in lifted, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before fuch Juftic or Chief Magiftrate he or they (hall he at Liberty to declare his c their DifTent to fuch inlifting ; and upon fuch Declaration and n turning the Inlifting Money, and alfo each Perfon fo difienting payim the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid on upon him, together with luch full Rate allowed by Law for th fubfiftence or Diet and Small Beer fumifiied to fuch Recruit fubfc guent to the Period of his having been inlifted, fuch Perfon or Pffi ions fo infilling (hall be'forthwith difeharged and fet at Liberty,! the Prefence of fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate 5 but if fuch Prrfii or Perfons (hall refufe or negledl, within the Space of Twenty foj Hours, to return and pay fuch Money as aforefaid, he or they ftl



A.D.i8i2.

5 2° GEO. III.

C.22.

81

be deemed and taken to be inlifted, as if he or they had given his or tides of War and their Aflent thereto before the faid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate ; and	ccr-

tf foch Perfon or Perfons (hall declare his or their having voluntarily tt,n at u tabbed hiznfelf or themfelves, then fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate hall and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Preface to cauie to be read over, to fuch Perfon or Perfons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Se&ion, and the Firft Article of the Sixth Se&ion, of the Articles of War againft Mutiny and Dcfaos, and to tender and admmifter to fuch Perfon or Perfons icfadivdy, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the faid Articles of War, but alfo the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (A.), or if the Perfon (hall be defirous of idiftiag without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Ad annexed marked (B.) ; and if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall take the faid Oaths, then fuch Juftice or Chief Ma-gftnie fall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under Ks Had the inlifting and fwearing, together with the Place of the Krth, Age aod Calling, if known, of fuch Perfon or Perfons in the Fens mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad annexed marked (C. J, if the Oath in the Form marked (A.) (hall have beep taken, and m the Form marked (D.) if the Oath in the Form marked (B.) (hall hue been taken, except in the cafe of Recruits inlifted to ferve either Recruits inlifted is bis Majesty’s Troops, or in the Forces of the Eaft India Company, under 39 0.3. according a His Majesty (hall think fit in purfuance of an Ad pafied xo9’fo? k the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled An &c to^ke C** AS fir better recruiting the Forces of the Eaft India Company, in OathofAlle-which cafe every fuch Recruit (hall, inftead of the (aid Oath of Fi- fiance, drhtv, and of the Oath contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B.) to this Ad annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance direded by the faid Ad of the Thirty ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule fethh Ad annexed, marked (E.) ; and the Juftice or Chief Magif-tnte fall certify fuch Inlift men t and Swearing accordingly in the Fom motioned in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (F.); and except alfo in the cafe of Recruits inlifted for the fpecial Purpofe of faring in the Eaft Indus, in the Forces of the Eaft India Company only, in purfuance of an Ad pafted in the Fiftieth Year of the	teMoA

Reign of His Majesty, intituled. An AS to amend Two ASs relating “ *3^* /0°t*ke to tie raifiag Men for the Service of the Eaft India Company, and the oaths in pestering and billetting/tub Men ; and to Trials by Regimental Courts Schedules (G.) Martial, in which cafe every fuch Recruit (hall, inftead of the faid and (H.)

Oath of Fidelity, take the Oath direded to be taken by the faid Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majesty aforefaid, and contained in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (G.), and inftead of the Oath of Service contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B.) to ftm Ad annexed, (hall take the Oath direded to be taken by the (aimed Ad of the Fiftieth Year aforefaid, and contained in the SdttUe to this Ad annexed, marked (H.), and the Juftice or Magijbate (ball certify fuch Inliftment and Swearing accordingly, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (L); and if any foch Perfon or Perfons, fo to bd Certified, (hall wil-taSy rtfufe to take the faid Oath of Fidelity before the faid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Officer, from «bon he has received fuch Money as aforefaid, to detain and confine f«cb Perfon or Perfons until he or they (hall take the faid Oath of 52Gso.HI.	G	Fidelity;

*

C.22.

A.D.i8i;

Name and Refi-dence of Recruits taken.

J uftices may dif-ehaige Perfons haltily inlifting themi'elves.

Magiftrates to tranfmit to Secretary at War Duplicates of Certificates of Name and Refidence of Perl'ons receiving Inlifting Money, and abfconding.

Perfons furrendering as Defer-ters deemed duly in lifted.

Mafters in England how entitled to claim Apprentices.

$2* GEO. III.

Fidelity; and every Military Officer that (hall aft contrary hettto or offend herein* (hall incur the like Penalty and Forfeitnre as is b this A6t to be infli&ed upon any Officer for making a falfe and untn Mufter ; and the Penalty and Forfeiture (hall be levied and recover* in the fame manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this A to be levied or recovered : Provided always, that every Non Comm (ioned Officer or Private Soldier who (hall inlift any Recruit, fin at the Time of fuch inlifting, enquire the Chriftian and Sumu and Place of Abode of fuch Recruit, and either take the fame do* in Writing, or give the fame to the Non Commiffiooed Officer coi manding the Recruiting Party to be fo taken down : Provided all that it (hall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace to difcharge a; Perfon who (hall have haftily inlifted, and who (hall apply to him declare his Diffent within luch Four Days as aforefaid, upon Pa raent of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit c claring his Diffent under this A&, notwithftanding no Officer, N Commi(Honed Officer, or Private Soldier belonging to the Recni; ing Party (hall be with the Recruit, if it (hall appear to fuch Mag trate upon the Examination of fuch Recruit, or of any other Perk that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where fuch Recruit * inlifted, or that fuch Recruit could not procure any Non Comm Honed Officer belonging to fuch Party to go with fuch Recruit befc the Juftice of the Peace ; and the Sum paid by fuch Recruit up his Difcbarge (hall be kept by the Juftice of the Peace, and paid wb demanded to any Perfon belonging to the Recruiting Party eutid thereto demanding the fame: Provided always, that in every a wherein any Perfon (hail have received Inlifting Money, and (hall ha abfeonded or have abfented himfelf from the Party as aforefaid, fo tl it (hall not be poffible immediately to apprehend him, and bring h before a Magiftrate, the Officer or Non CommilHoned Officer coi manding the Party (hall produce to the Magiftrate before whom tbefl cruit would regularly have been brought for Atteftation, a Certifies of the Name and Place of ReHdence of fuch Perfon, and the Mag trate to whom the Certificate (hall be produced (hall, after fatisfpi himfelf that the Perfon who had abfeonded cannot be found and a prehended, tranfmit a Duplicate thereof to His Majesty’s Secret? at War, in order that in the Event of fuch Perfon being afterwar apprehended and reported as a Deferter, the Falls of his havii received inHfting Money, and having abfeonded, may be afeertaim before he be finally adjudged to be a Deferter as having been do inlifted.

LXXXII. And be it further ena&ed, That any Perfon who fin voluntarily furrender or deliver himfelf up as a Deferter, from at Regiment or Corps of His Maiefty’s Regular or Militia Forces, < who, upon being apprehended for Defertion or any other Offenc (hall in the Prefence of the Magiftrate confefs himfelf to be a Deferti from any fuch Regiment or Corps, (hall be deemed to have been dul inlifted and to be a Soldier, and (hall be liable to ferve in any fuc Regiment or BattaHon or Corps of His Majesty’s Forces, as H: Majeftv (hall think fit to appoint, whether fuch Perfon (hall have bee ever a&ually inlifted as a Soldier or not.

, LXXXIV. And be it further enaded, That no Mattering land (hall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who (hall, after tfi puffing of this A&t inlift as a Soldier in his Majesty’s Land Servke



A.D.i8n.

S2° GEO. III.

C. 22.

«3

nnlda fuch Apprentice (hall have been bound to him in England for the full Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Four* tew when fo bound ; and if in Ireland for the full Term' of Five ^Yeanatthe Jeaft, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when fo hound, and unlefs fuch Matter (hall, within One Calendar Month after fnA Appreo tice (hall have abfconded or left his Service, go before joaeJuiiceof the Peace or Magiftrate, and before fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad annexed marked (G.), and produce the Certificate of ibeb Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of his having taken fuch Oath, which Certificate fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate is hereby *ve in the Form in the Schedule to this Aft annexed

XCII. And be it further enafted, That every Gaoler to whom Gaolers to give tty Notice (hall have been given that any Perfon in his Cuftody for Notice of Expi* mj Ofleoce is a Soldier liable to ferve His Majesty on the Expira- rat,on Iwpri* twof his Imprifonment, (hall give One Months Notice to the Se- sSdfiei^0* enctary at War before the Day on which the Imprifonment of fuch will expire, according to his Commitment or Sentence of the Period of Expiration of fuch Imprifonment.

XCV. And be it further enafted, That when and as often as any where Corps Regiment or Company (hall be relieved at any Station or Place beyond beyond Seas the Seas, in order to their return to Great Britain or Ireland, it (hall	to	re-

ttd may be lawful for any Officer or Officers, thereunto authorized by ^ Menw j&e Officer commanding in Chief at fuch Station or Place refpeftively, ehoofe may b# fonlift as many of the Soldiers belonging to fuch Regiment or Com- inlifted, *<;. fuuy, returning to Great Britain or Ireland, as (hall be willing, and who (hall appear to be fit for Service, and to incorporate them in any Regiment or Company which (hall be appointed to remain ; and fray Soldier fo inlifted (hall be and is hereby deemed to be dif-ehwgedfrom the Regiment or Company in which he before ferved ; mi the Occafion of bis quitting fuch former Corps (hall be recited k theklifting Certificate ; a Duplicate, or an attelted Copy whereof, fell be delivered to fuch Soldier, to proteft him from being anyway* aolefted upon Sufpicion of his having deferted.

* XCVII. And whereas feveral Soldiers, being duly lifted, do 1 afterwards defert, and are often found wandering, or otfierwife ab-* Jeoting themfelves illegally from His Majefly’s Service/ It is hereby further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Con- jufticts may tabk, Headborough, orTytbingman, of the Town or Place where commit De* aay PeTfbn, who may be reafonably fufpefted to be fuch a Deferter, fritters.

8bQ be found, or for any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty’s Service to apprehend, or caufe fuch fufpefted Perfon to be apprehended, ttdtobring or caufe him to be brought before any Juftice of the Peace, firing in or near fuch Town or Place, who hath hereby Power

?) marine fuch fufpefted Perfon ; and if by his Confeffion, or the dUmoiqr of One or more Witnefs or WitneUes upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of fuch Juftice of the Peace, it (hall appear or be (bond that fnch fufpefted Perfon is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, fuch Juftice of the Peace (hall forthwith caute him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he (hall be found, or the Houfe of Comedos, or other publick Prifon in fuch Town or place where fuch DeJsster (hall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in cafe fuch Defer-

G a



>gle ter

84

C. 22.

A.D.iJi

51* GEO. HI.

Taking up Deferter*

Reward

Concealing

Deferter*

Penalty.

ter (hall be apprehended within the City of London or Wefimm/Ur, Places adjacent; or to the Provoft Martial in cafe fuch Deferter ft be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Fla* adjacent, and tranfmit an Account thereof in the Form prescribed the Schedule annexed to this A61 marked (N.), to the Secretary War for the time being in London \ or if the Deferter be apprehenc in Ireland\ to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor Governors thereof, to the end that fuch Perfon may be removed an Order from the Office of the faid Secretary at War, or Chief Gov nor or Governors, and proceeded again (I according to Law ; and t Keeper of every Gaol, Houfe of Correction, or Prifon, in which fu Deferter (hall at any time be confined, (hall receive fuch Subfiftec for the Maintenance of fuch Deferter during the time that be ft continue in his Cuftody, as by His Majesty’s Regulations is or ft from time to time be direded in that Behalf, and the Keeper of eve Gaol, Houfe of Correction, or other public Prifon of the City, T01 or Place, at or ip which the Party or Perfon conveying fuch E ferter (hall halt on the March, (hall, and he is hereby required receive and confine every fuch Deferter, who (hall be delivered in his Charge and Cuftody by any Non Commiffioned Officer or Sold who (hau	fuch Deferter under any lawful Order, Wi

rant or Au ^ e on the Road from the Place where he w apprehended, to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, witbo any other Warrant or Authority for fo doing than the Produdic of the Warrant of the Juftice of the Peace, on which fuch Defert (hall have been taken, or fome Order from the Office of the Secretai at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland^ and (hi be entitled to One Shilling for the fafe Cuftody of the faid Defert while the Party or Perfon conveying him (hall halt on the Mard any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XCV1II. And, for the better Encouragement of any Perfon 1 Perfons to fecure or apprehend fuch Deferters from His Majeftj Service, be it further ena6ted by the Authority aforefaid. That (in Juftice of the Peace (hall, upon receiving an Authority from tl Secretary at War in Great Britain, or an Order given under Authority of the Chief Governor or Governers of Ireland, alfo i his Warrant, in Writing, to the Colle&or or Colle&ors of the L Tax Money of the Parilh or Townlhip in Great Britain, where Deferter (hall be fo committed, or being charged with being a' ferter as aforefaid, or in Ireland, to the Colle&or or Colle&ors of Majesty’s Revenue in the Diftrid where any Deferter (hall be committed, or being charged with being a Deferter as Aforefaid, paying out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arifen or to at in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, into the Hi of fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall apprehend or caufe to be ap] hended, any Deferter from His Majesty’s Service, the Sum of Tw« Shillings for every fuch Deferter as (hall be apprehended and q mitted; which Sum of Twenty Shillings (half be fatisfied by ( Colledor or Colledors to whom fuch Warrant (hall be direded, i allowed upon his or their Account.

XCIX. Provided always, and be it enaded, That if any Pet (hall harbour, conceal or affift any Deferter from His Majeftv't I vice, knowing him to be fuch, the Perfon fo offending (hail lot for every fuen Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon 0

AJ).i8u.

C. 22.

•s

52* GEO. III.

vidian, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, Diftrefc. before any of His Majesty’s Judices of the Peace, {he dud Penalty of Twenty Pound* (hall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of (neb Jaftice of the Peace, by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; One Moiety of the faid Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Colonel or other Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which any fuch Delexter did belong ; and in cafe any fuch Offender, who (hall be confided as aforefaid of haefeourrog, concealing or affiding any fuch De-farter, IbQ not have fufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Didrefs maybe made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded againd him or her pc»dty* for fuch Offence, or (hall not pay fuch Penalty within Four Days after fach Convt&ion, then and in luch cafe fuch Judice of the Peace (fall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or n	.

Mainprize, for the Space of Six Months: Provided alfo, that if any ci«hes°Lc. of Perfoa dull knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwife receive Soldiers’or from any Soldier or Deferter, or any other Perfon upon any Account Defcners, &c. or Pretence whatsoever, any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any Meat, Drink, Beer or other Pro-vifion, provided under any Regulations relating thereto, or any fuch Articles belonging to any Soldier or Deferter, as are generally deemed Regimental Neceffaries, according to the Cudom of the Army, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by Dedu&ions out of hia Play, or caufe the Colour of any fuch Clothes to be changed, the Perfon Co offending (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum Pen*hy« of Five Pounds ; or if any Perfon (hall buy or receive any Oats, Hay,

Straw or other Forage, provided for the Ufe of any Horfe or Horfes, belonging to His Majesty’s Service, from any Dragoon, or other Soldier, knowing him to be fuch, or (hall move, procure, counfel, foficit or entice any Dragoon, or other Soldier, knowing him to be Buying Oats, focb, to fell or otherwife difpofe of any fuch Oats, Hay, Straw or Hay, or Forage othcT Forage as aforefaid, the Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit, for provided for His every fuch Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds 5 and upon Conviction, Majesty’s Scr-by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before any of His Majedy’s JufHces of the Peace, the faid refpe&ive Pe-nakies of Fire Pounds, and Five Pounds, (hall be levied by Warrant under the Hand of fuch Judice of the Peace, by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One Moiety of the faid How levied, firft mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and One Moiety of the faid lad mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and the Refidue of the faid refpe&ive Penalties to be paid to the Colonel or other Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which any fuch Deferter or Soldier did belong; and in cafe any luch Offender who fhall be convi&ed as aforefaid, of having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any fuch Meat, Drink, Beer or other Provmons, or any fuch Articles generally deemed Regimental Neceflaries, or of having caufed the Colour of fuch Clothes to be changed, or of having bought or received any Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage, provided for the Ufe of any Horfe or Horfes belonging to His Majedy’s Service from any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be fuch, or of having moved, procured, counfeUed, foliated or enticed, any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be

86

C .32.

A.D.l8llv

Imprifonment.

Juftices granting Exteafion of Furlough on Account of Sicknefs, &c<

Prmifo.

Profifa

lufticfesof Peace, granting Exten-fion of Furlough, empowered to order Parifli

$*PG£0. III.

fuch# to fell or otherwife difpofe of any fuch Oats, Hay, Straw or otlier Forage, as aforefaid, contrary to the Intent of this Ad, ihall not have fufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered againft him or her for fuch Offence, or (hall not pay fuch Penalties within Four Days after fuch Conviflion, then and in fuch cafe, fuch Juftice of the Peace (hall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Main-prize, for the Space of Three Months, or caufe fuch Offender to be publicly or privately whipped at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice.

‘ CL And whereas Soldiers, abfent from their Regiments on Fur*

*	lough granted to them by their Commanding Officers, are fome-

*	times prevented by Sicknefs or other unavoidable Cafualty from 1 returning to their Duty before the Expiration of the time limited

*	by fuch Furlough, and Doubts have anien whether, in fuch cafesj

*	the Extenfion of a Soldier’s Furlough by a Juftice of the Peace be

*	fan&ioned by legal Authority, and effedual for preventing fuch

*	Soldier from being apprehended upon Sufpicion of his having de-

*	ferted his RegimentBe it further enaded, That any Infpeding Field Officer ftationed on the Recruiting Service, or any Onicer of the Rank of Captain, or of fuperior Rank, ftationed within the Dif-trid, or in cafe there be no fuch Officer a9 aforefaid within a con* venient Diftance, that any Juilice of the Peace may, and he is hereby authorized to grant, in Writing under his Hand, an Extenfion of Furlough to any Non CommifUoued Officer or Soldier applying for the fame, on Account of Sicknefs or other Cafualty, which (hall, on due Euquiiy, appear to reuder fuch Extenfion neceffary \ and that every iucli Officer or Juftice of the Peace, who (hall grant to any Non Cammiffioncd Officer or Soldier an Extenfion of Furlough as aforefaid, (hall immediately certify the fame, with the Caufe of its being fo granted, to the Agent of the Regiment to which fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier (hall belongj and that fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, during the Period to which his Furlough (hall have been fo exteuded as aforefaid, (hall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwife molefted on the Ground of his having deferted the Regiment to which he (hall appear by his Furlough to belong, or of criminally abfenting himfelf from the fame : Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained (hall be conftrued to exempt any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, whofe Furlough (hall nave been fo extended as aforefaid, from being proceeded againft and punifhed according to the Provifions of this Ad, (hoiud it thereafter appear that fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier had obtained the Extenfion of his Furlough by falfe Reprefentation made to fuch Officer or Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid, or in applying for and obtaining the fame had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Difcipline s Provided alfo, that no fuch Furlough (hall be extended by any Juftice of the Peace for any longer Period than One Month, unlefs with the Approbation of the General Officer commanding in the Diftrid where fuch Soldier (hall be.

Cl I. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That in ah cafes in which any Exteniion of Furlough (hall be granted as aforefaid in England, and upon the Requeft of any fuca Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier to whom the fame (hall be granted, it (hall be lawful



Google

4-D.iffi 2.

52* GEO. in.

C.22.

87

■I fortk Juftice of the Peace mating the fame, or where the fame U he granted by airy fuch Officer as aforefaid, for any Juftice of fcc Ptace, upon the Production of a Certificate in Writing from Wi Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order b WritiBg under his Hand upon the Churchwardens and Overfeers of ft* Fdorof the Parifh, Townfhip or Place, wherein fuch Non Com-feiffiaoed Officer or Soldier (hall refide, requiring them to pay to fuch Sfto Comniffioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money directed ia ftueh Order, not exceeding what the Pay of fuch Non Commiffioned OScer or Soldier would amdunt to for the Period to which fuch Fur-iMgk fluO be extended as aforefaid; fuch Juftice of the Peace taking fstfticularCare to ftate upon the Furlough in Words the Amount fo flue&ed by him to be paid, and the Periods from and to which the fame has been ordered to be iflued, both inclufive, corroborating the Ntement of his Signature, and further, fpecifying upon the Order fen the Parifh Officer the Date of the Furlough originally granted, and the Name of the Commanding Officer by whom figned; and the \fmat fb authorized (hall be paid accordingly, upon Production and Delivery to him of fuch Order, by any fuch Parifh Officer out of any Maneym his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor ; and the Sob fo advanced by fuch Parifh Officer fhall, upon the Produ&km tod Delivery of fuch Order to the Colle&or of Excife of the Diftrid mbs which fuch Parifh, Townfhip or Place fhall be fituated, or any Perfbn officiating for fuch CoUe&or, be repaid to fuch Parifh Offi-B«r, to be applied to the Relief of the Poor, by fuch Collector of Bacifr or other Perfoo out of any publick Monies in his Hands, and fae fame fhall he allowed in his Accounts, and fuch Orders of Juf-fhall be taken as Cafh in the Payment of Duties of Excife

Officers to advance Pay.

Hot* re-im-burfed.

leceived by him ; and all Sums of Money fo advanced out of any Duties of Exdfe (hall be repaid to the Account of the faid Duties by the Agents of the Regiments to which the Men to whom the fame iuSL hue been paid mall refpe&ively belong, to any Perfon or Per-rJsas authorized by the Commiffioners of Excife in England, or any Three or more of them to draw for and receive the fame: Provided always, that if any Juftice of Peace fhall not think fit to make fuch Older for pay*0!? an7 fuch Money as aforefaid, he fhall ftate his Reafons fbrfucb Refufal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough.

CIII. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That m all cafes ia which any Extenfioo of Furlough fhall be granted as aforefaid in Scotland, and upon the Requeft ofany fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier to whom the fame fhall be granted, it fhall be lawful to the Juftice of the Peace granting the lame, or where the fame fhall be granted, by 3ny fuch Officer as aforefaid, for any Juftice of the Peace upoa the rrodu&ion of a Certificate in Writing from fuch Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order in Writing, under his Hand, upon the Colle&or of the Excife of the Diftria wham fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier fhall refide, or the IVrfcir officiating for fuch Collc&or, requiring him to pay to fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money dire&ed in foch Order, not exceeding what the Pay of fuch Non Commiffioned Ofeer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which fuch Fur-bogh iuB be extended as aforefaid, fuch Juftice of the Peace taking paitkobr Care to ftate upon the Furlough m Words the Amount fo direfted by ham to be paid, and the Periods from and to which the

G 4	fame



Agents of Regiments to repay Money fo advanced.

Juftice* of Peace granting Extenfion of Furlough in Scotland empowered tdotdri Collectors of Excife to advance Pay to Soldiers.

88

C*22»

A.D.l8l

Agents of Regiment* to repay Money advanced.

Cotnmiflane* upon making up Accounts, or returning from Foreign Service, to uke Oa'Jn

Officers/Storekeepers^. embezzling, Icc. Military Stores

Ac. tried by Conn Martial.

Penalty.

Diftrefi.

Committal,

$2*GEam,

fame has been ordered to be iffued, both inclufive, corroboration tl Statement by his Signature, and further fpecifying upon the Old to fuch Collector of the Excife, or other Perfon officiating for hk the Date of the Furlough originally granted, and the Name of t| Commanding Officer by whom figned, and the Sum fo authorix (hall be paid accordingly upon Production and Delivery to him fuch Order by fuch Collector of Excife or other Perfon, out of al public Monies in his Hands, and the fame fhall be allowed in his A counts, and fuch Orders of Juftices (hall be taken as Ca(h in t Payment of Duties of Excife received by him; and all Sums Money fo advanced out of any Duties of Excife (hall be repaid to t Account of the (aid Duties by the Agents of the Regiments to whi the Men to whom the fame (hall have been paid (hall refpedively 1 long, to any Perfon or Perfons authorized by the Commiffiooen Excife in Scotlandy or any Three or more of them, to draw for a receive the fame : Provided always, that if any Juffcice of the Pea (hall not think fit to make fuch Order for paying any fnch Money aforefaid, he (hall (late his Reafons for fuch Refufal in Writing the Back of the Furlough.

CVII. And be it further ena&ed, That'all Commiflaries, up making up their Accounts, and alfo upon returning from any Foreij Service, (hall take the Oath deferibed in the Schedule to this A annexed, marked (M.), which Oath, if taken in any Part of t United Kingdom, (hall be taken before fome Juftice of the Peace Magiftrate, and if taken on Foreign Service, before the Officer coi manding in Chief, or the Second in Command, or the Quarter Mail or Deputy Quarter Mailer General, or any Affiftant Quarter Maft General of the Army to which he (hall be attached, who (hall 1 fpe&ively have Power to adminifler the fame.

CVII I. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforebi • That every Commiffion Officer, Storekeeper or Commiffary, or E put)' or Affiftant Commiffary, or other Perfon employed in the Coi miffariat Department, or in any manner in the Care or Diftributv of any Money, Provifions, Forage or Stores, belonging to H Majeity’s Forces, or for their Ufe, that (hall embezzle or fraudulent milapply or caufe t6 be embezzled or fraudulently mifapplied, or (hi knowingly or wilfully permit or fuffer any Money, Provifions, Forag Arms, Clothing, Ammunition or other Military Stores to be a bezzied or fraudulently mifapplied, or to be fpoiled or damaged, ok be tried for the fame by and before a General Court Martial, and (hall be lawful for fuch Court Martial to adjudge any fuch Perfon be tranfported as a Felon for Life, or for any certain Term of Yeai or to fuffer fuch Puuifhment of Pillory, Fine, Imprifonmeot, Di miffal from His Majesty’s 'Service, and Incapacity of Serving B Majesty in any Office Civil or Military, as any fuch Court (hall thic fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, or that fu< Perfon (hall forfeit Two hundred Pounds, and that fuch Perfon flu in Addition to any other Puniffiment, make good, at his own £l pence, the Lofs and Damage fuftained, to be ascertained by fuch Cou Martial; which (hall have Power to feize the Goods and Chattels ( the Perfon fo offending, and fell them for the Payment of the (z Two hundred Pounds, and fuch Lofe and Damage: And if fufficiei Goods and Chattels cannot be found and feized, then the Perfon i offending (hall be committed to Prifoa or the Common Gaol, thei



Google

AJXiftii.

C. 22.

89

S2oGEO.ni.

to mum (in Addition to any other Puirifhment or Imprifonment) far Six Montbt, without Bail or Mainprise, and until ne (hall pay lack Deficiency; and after the laid Sum dull be recovered and lened, the fame fhall be applied and difpofcd of as His Majesty (hall direft lad appoint.

CX. And be it further erased by the Authority afortfaid, That, from aad after the (aid Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight handled and twelve, no Paymafter General, or Pay matter of the Army, Paymafter of the Marines, Secretary at War, Commiffaiy, Mater Matter, Paymafter of a Corps or Diftri&, or any other Officer whatfbever, or their Under Officers, (hall receive any Fees, or mate any Deductions wbatfoever, out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty’s Army, or from their Agents, which (hall grow doe from and after the faid Twenty fourth Day of March One thoofrnd eight hundred and twelve, other thau the ufual Deductions allowed by His Majesty’s Regulations; and fuch other neceffary De-haEbom as (hall from time to time be required to be made under any A& of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made or directed by Hit Majesty, under His Royal Sign Manual.

CXI. And, for the Encouragement of the due and well Clothing of the Troops, be it hereby further ena&ed. That the Lord High Trea-furer, or the Commtffioners of the Treafury for the time being, may, if be or they fee convenient, at the End of every Sir Months, iffue the Money due for the Clothing of the feveral Regiments, Troops ud Companies : And the Paymafter General for the time being is hereby dneded to notify the Receipt of the Money to the Secretary at War, who (hall immediately grant his Warrant for the Payment of the proper Sum or Sums to fuch Perfon or Perfons only as have a regular Alignment from the Colonel or Commandant or Perfon authorised by him to make fuch Affignment.

CXII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Paymafter, Agent or Clerk of any Garrifon, Regiment, Troop or Company, (hall un-tarfafty detain or withhold, for the Space of One Month, the Pay of ay Officer or Soldier, (Clothes and all other juft Allowances being dedafted) after fuch Pay fhall be by ^iim or them received ; or if any Oficers having received their Soldier’s Pay, fhall refufe to pay each Non Commiffioned Officer and Soldier their refpe&ive Pay when it fraQ become due, according to the feveral Rates eftablifhed by His Majesty’s Orders, then upon Proof thereof before a Court Martial, u sforriaid, to be for that Purpofe duly held and fummoned, every loth Paymafter, Agent, Clerk or Officer, fo offending, fhall be dii-cbargrdfirom his Employment, and fhall forfeit to the Informer, upon Cootiftion before the faid Court, One hundred Pounds, to be levied uriortfaid, and the Informer, if a Soldier, (if he demands it) fhall aad be is hereby discharged from any further Service; any thing io this Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXI1I. And, for the better Execution hereof, and that a true and regnhr Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents of the fcioal Garrifous, Regiments and Independent Troops and Companies, tW hod Agents are hereby required and dire&ed to obferve fuch Orta and Directions as mail from time to time be given by His Hajefty, under His Sign Manual, or by the Secretary at War for tie time being, by Hi9 Majesty’s Command, or by His Majesty’s Chief Governor or Governors ot Ireland\ or by the Lord Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury for the time being; and if any

D Agent

Application of Forfeiture.

Paymafter, Icc. making Deduction out of Officer! or Private Men*s Pay.

Exception.

Treafury may UTue Money due for Clothing.

Paymafter General to pay Clothing Money to Affignees.

Paymafteri, Agents, Sic. detaining Pay.

Penalty.

Agents difobey-ing Orders.

ioogle s

[Rates of Subfiflcnce increased\ poft. e. 43. This jf8, except.the ClovJ and Schedule above inferted, is Jm'dar to 51 G* 3. c, 6.]

	CAP



1

>O

OP

SCHEDULE (N.)

DESCRIPTION RETURN of committed to Confinement at	on	the	Day	of

as a Deferter from the	Battalion	of	the	Regiment	of

Age.	Size.		Complexion.	Colour of		Marks.	Probable Date of Inliftment, and in what  Diftritf.	Probable Date of Defertion, and from whence.	Name, Occupation, and Addrelis of Perfon by whom apprehended.	The Particulars in Evidence againft the Prifoner, and whether he confefled him-felf a Deferter in the Prefence ofthe Magiftratewho committed him; whether he appears to be in a State of Health to be removed,f
	Feet.	Inches.		Hair.	Eyes.					
										

I do hereby certify, that the Piiloner has been duly examined before me, as to the Circuai-fiances herein ftated, and has declared in my Prefence that he	a	Deferter	from	the

before mentioned Corps.

■■ —	—	,	.	. — Signature of Magistrate.

----.	...	.	Signature	of	PrUbner.

f If a Military Medical Officer be at the Place, he will infye& the Deferter, upon the Application of the Magistrate.

P

werv	iiimo

CAP. XXIII.

ACt for the Regulating of His Majesty*9 Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[20th March 1812.]

ton. And it is hereby further enafted and declared, That no Court Martial 'which {hall have Power to (it by virtue of b A(bill confift of a lefs Number than Thirteen, whereof none be under the Degree of a Commiflioned Officer 5 except Courts irtial to be holden on any Officer, Non Commiflioned Officer or Irate Marine, who may be ferving on Shore in any Place beyond the m and out of His Majesty** Dominions or out of the Eajl Indies, ubich cole any General Court Martial may confifl of any Number kiefs thaa Seven, and the Prefident of fuch Court Martial (hall not *nder the Degree of a Field Officer of Royal Marines, unlefs where & Field Officer cannot be had ; in which cafe the Marine Officer It in Seniority to fuch Field Officer, not being under the Degree a Captain, (hall prefide at fuch Court Martial; and that fuch nn Martial (hall have Power and Authority, and are hereby rebed to administer an Oath to every Witnefs, in order to the Exa* ration or Trial of any of the Offences that (hall come before

ED.

CIV. And be it further ena&ed, That in all Trials of Offenders General Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this Aft, every Seer prefeat at fuch Trial, before any Proceedings be had there-take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelifts, be-fc the Court and Judge Advocate, or his Deputy, (who are hereby lorixed to adminifter the fame) in thefe Words ; that is to fay, ^©U ffiall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence which fhall be given in the Matter now before you, iCtwrui our Sovereign Lord the King’s Majesty and the Prifoner Brbe tried.	So	help	you	GOD.’

f jf. B. do fwear. That I will duly adminifter Juftice, according lio an Alt of Parliament now in force, for the Regulation of His rajcfijys Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, and according to he Rules and Articles made in purfuancc of the faid A A of rar-ament for the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion, and other primes therein refpe&ively mentioned, without Partiality, Favour r Affe&iou ; and if any Doubt (hall arife (which is not explained ry the (aid AA of Parliament, or the faid Rules and Articles) ccording to my Conscience, the beft of my Underftanding, ana he Cuftora of War in like cafes : And I further fwear that I will uot divulge the Sentence of the Court until it (hall be approved by the Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commif* fiosni for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the Hasted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; neither will I, apon any Account at any time whatfoever, difclofe or difeover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, rolefe required to give Evidence thereof as a Witnefs, by a Court af Juftice, in a due Courfe of Law.

• So help me GOD.* And

General Court Martial not to confift of lefs than 13, except in cafes where ferving beyond Seas, &c.

Oaths by Menu bersof General Courts Martial.

Oaths.



Judge Advocate fworn.

Oath.

In Sentences of Death, what Number of Officers (hall concur, Icc.

Hours of Trial.

Courts Martial may fentenee Offenders to tmprifonment, lie.

Penslty.

Pay forfeited during lmpri> fenment.

C.23.	52* GEO. in.	A.D.i(

And To fooit as the faid Oaths (hall have been adminiftered tq refpe&ive Members, the Prefident of the Court is hereby authoi ana required to adminiiler to the Judge Advocate, or the Perios ciating as fuch, an Oath in the followuig Words:

4 J A. B. do fwear, That I will not upon any Account, at any 4 whatfoever, difclofe or difeover the Vote or Opinion of any € ticular Member of the Court Martial, unlefs required to € Evidence thereof, as a Witnefe, by a Court of Juitice, in 1 1 Courfe of Law.	So	help	me	G(

And no Sentence of Death (hall be given againft any Offend* any fuch General Court Martial as aforefaid, unlefs Nine 01 prefent, or where the Court Martial (hall confift of Seven Menj unlefs Five Officers prefent (hall concur therein; and if there bej Officers prefent than Thirteen, or Seven refpe&ively, then the J ment (hall pafs by the Concurrence of Two Thirds of the Of prefent; and no Proceeding or Trial (hall be had upon any Ofi but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Mornfe) Three in the Afternoon, except in cafes which require an imnw Example.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it flu lawful for any General or other Court Martial to fentence any Commi(honed Officer or Private Marine to Imprisonment in Houfe of Correction, Common Gaol or Public Prifon; sum Gaolers and Keepers of fuch Houfes of Corre&ion or Prilboi receive into their Cuflody and keep in Confinement, for fuch til they (hall be refpe&ively required fo to do, any Non Commifi Officer or Private Marine who may have been fentenced to Imp ment by any General or other Court Martial, and (hall pnn proper Place for the Confinement of any fuch Non Commiffioned cer or Private Marine, according to the Sentence of fuch C during the Period of his Imprifonment, upon receiving an Ori Writing from the Commanding Officer of the Divifion at which General or other Court Martial (hall have been held ; and Gaoler and Keeper of a Houfe of Correction or Prifon who refufe to receive and to confine any fuch Non Commiffioned 0 or Private Marine in manner as aforefaid (hall forfeit, for every Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recoverei ACtion of Debt or Information for the Ufe of His Majesty.

XVI.	And be it further enaCted, That every Non Commifi Officer or Private Marine, to be imprifoned as aforefaid, (hall j all Right to any Pay, from the Day of his Commitment, durinj time of fuch Imprifonment; and alfo that, during the Contim of any fuch Imprifonment, the Gaoler or Keeper of fuch Pri| Houfe of Correction (hall receive the Sum of Nine pence per Diet of the Subfiftence of fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Private rine, during the time that fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or P( Marine (hall continue in Cuflody, which faid Sum the Lords ( miffioners of the Admiralty are hereby authorized and requiri caufe to be paid by the Paymafter of Royal Marines to the Gaoler or Keeper aforefaid, upon receiving an Application in Vfi to their Secretary, figned by any Juitice of the Peace for the Co or Riding in which fuch Gaol, Prifon or Houfe of Contdion be locally fituate,' together with a Copy of the Order under v



.D.i8i2.

93

5 GEO. III.	C.23.

e {aid Non Commiflioned Officer or Private Marine was confined : rovided always, that it fhall be lawful for the Lords Commiffioners Provifo. the Admiralty for the time being, if they fhould think fit, to order le Iffue and Payment of the Surplus of fuch Pay, or any Portion hereof, or of any Arrears thereof, to or on account of fuch Non Com-aSootd Officer or Private Marine during or after the Expiration of he Period of his Imprifonment.

XVII. And be it enabled, That the Party tried by any General The Party tri«4 ^ourt Martial to be held as aforefaid, fhall be entitled to a Copy of entitled to Copy fee Sentence and Proceedings of fuch Courts Martial, upon Demand **€"*5*,ce "jr hereof made by himfelf, or by any other Perfon or Perfons on his behalf (he or they paying reasonably for the fame) at any time not Doner than Three Months after fuch Sentence, whether fuch Sentence le approved or not; any thing in this A& to the contrary not with-- ending*

XX. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Officer or Private Deferters be-Man, in any of His Majefly’s Dominions beyond the Seas, or elfe- yondSea,&c. where beyond the Seas, commit any of the Offences for which he* ““y h« ***** tnav be liable to be tried by Court Martial by virtue of this Ad, and “***■

Shall efcape and come or be brought into this Realm, before he be lied by a Court Martial for fuch Offence, and (hall be apprehended br the fame ; fuch Officer or Private Man fhall be tried for the fame, a if the fame Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XXIV. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That if any Perfons accufed Marine Officer, Non Commiflioned Officer or Private Man, (hall be of capital Crimes, iccufed of any capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence againft &c* ddiJr#e!fd Lne Perfon, Eftate or Property of any of His Majesty’s Subje&s, rhich is punifhable by the known Laws of the Lana; the Com* 8	*

landing Officer or Officers of every' Company or Party is and are hereby reauired to ufe his and their utmoft Endeavours to deliver over fuch acculed Perfon to the Civil Magiftrate ; and (hall alfo be aiding and affiftmg to the Officers of Juftice in the feizing and apprehending fuch Offender, in order to bring him to Trials And if any fuch Commanding Officer (hall wilfully negle& or refufe, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, to deliver over any fuch accufed Per-{on to the Civil Magiftrate, or to be aiding and affifting to the Officers of Juftice in the apprehending fuch Offender; every fuch Officer fo offending, and being thereof convi&ed, before any Two or more Joftaces of the Peace for the County where the Fa£t is committed, by the Oath of Two credible Witnefles, (hall be deemed and taken to be tpfo faQo cafhiered, and fhall be utterly difabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty’s Service ; provided the faid Convi&ion be amrmed at the next Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the laid County, and a Certificate thereof be tranfmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the next Court Martial.

LX. And be it further ena&ed, That every Gaoler, to whom any Notice given to Notice (hall have been given that any Perfon in his Cuftody for any Secretary of Offence is a Marine, and liable to ferve His Majesty, on the Ex- Admiralty of pcarioo of his Imprifonment, fhall give One Month’s Notice to the Secretary of the Admiralty before the Day on which the Imprifon- P meet of fuch Perfon will expire, according to his Commitment or Sentence, of the Period of Expiration of fuch Imprifonment.

LXIII. Pro-



A.D.iff

p’GEO.Iir.

Perfon* haftily LX III. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared, Tl inlifting re-	from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand d

lieved.	hundred and twelve, when and as often as any Perfon or Perfoni I

be inlifted as a Marine or Marines in His Majesty’s Service, he they (hall, within Four Days,but not fooner than Twenty four Hj after fuch Inlifting refpe&ively, be carried or go with fome On Non Commiffionea Officer or Marine belonging to the Recruil Party by which he fhall be inlifted, or with the Perfon employd the Recruiting Service with whom he fhall have inlifted, before < Juftice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or C Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate, refiding in or being 1 to or in the Vicinity of the Place where fuch Perfon or Perfons I have been inlifted, and not being an Officer of Royal Marines, before fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate he or they fhall be at Lib to declare his or their DifTent to fuch Inlifting 5 and upon fuch claration, and returning the Inlifting Money, and alfo each Perfor diffenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges pended or laid out upon him, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo inlifted i be forthwith difeharged and fet at Liberty in the Prefence of f Juftice or Chief Magiftrate ; but if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall re; or negled, within the Space of Twenty four Hours, to return pay fuch Money as aforelaid, he or they fhall be deemed and takej be inlifted, as ir he or they had given his or their Affent thereto fore the faid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate; and if fuch Perfon Perfons fhall declare his or their having voluntarily inlifted himfeli themfelves, then fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate fhall, and he is her required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that fuch Perfon Perfons is or are duly inlifted ; fetting forth the Place of the Bit Age and Calling of him or them refpe&ively (if known), and that Second and Third Se&ions of the Articles of War, for the better ( vemment of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore w read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath of delity mentioned in the Twelfth Se&ion of the faid Articles of W and alfo the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annex marked (A.) 5 and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo to be certif as duly inlifted, fhall refute to take the faid Oath of Fidelity beh the faid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate, it fhall and may be lawful ! fuch Officer, from whom he has received fuch Money as aforefi to detain or confine fuch Perfon or Perfons until he or they fhall ta the Oath before required j and every Officer of Royal Marines t( fhall a& contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon Proof thereof, up Oath made by Two Witneffes, before a General Court Martial to Penalty.	thereupon	called,	fhall	for	fuch	Offence be forthwith cafhiered a;

difplaced from fuch his Office, and fhall be thereby utterly difabt ' to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment with Provife.	this Kingdom, or in His Majesty’s Service : Provided always, thi

every Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine who fhall inlift at Recruit, fhall at the time of fuch inlifting enquire the Chriftian ai Surname and Place of Abode of fuch Redi uit, and either take t\ fame down in Writing or give the fame to the Non Commiffione ProviTo.	Officer commanding the Recruiting Party to be fo taken down* Prc

vided alfo, that it fhall be lawful for any Juftice of the‘ Peace t difeharge any Perfon who fhall have haftily inlifted, and' who fha apply to him to declare his DifTent within luch Four Days as afore

Diltatd by Google	w



*95

5 20 GEO. IIL

C. 2^,24.

iud, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by ~~7 Recruit declaring hit Diflent Under this Ad, not with Handing no ” «r, Non Comxaiffioned Officer or Private Marine belonging to the urting Party lhall be with the Recruit, if it (hall appear to fucb Masftrate upon the Examination of fuch Recruit, or of any other Wk that the Recruiting Party have left the Place where fuch Seem wm udifted, or that fucb Recruit could not procure any Non Coaoifiooed Officer belonging to fuch Party to go with fuch Re*-cnrit before the Juftice of the Peace ; and the Sum paid by fuch Re* trait updo has Difcharge (ball be kept by the Juftice of the Peace, and pad when demanded to any Perfon belonging to the Recruiting Party mbtfed thereto, demanding the fame: Provided always, that in every Provifo.

Cafe wherein any Perfon (ball have received Inlifting Money, and (ban km abfconded, or have absented himfdf from the Party as aforefaid, fe tbt it (hall not be poffible immediately to apprehend him, and kfeg km before a Magiftrate, the Officer or Non Commiffioned Ofiqcr commanding the Party, (hall produce to the Magiftrate, be*

(me wkm the Recruit would regularly have been brought for At-trfaios, a Certificate of the Name and Place of Refidence of fuch lUaMod the Magiftrate to whom the Certificate (hall be produced,

M,	after fadsfying himfelf that the Perfon who had abfconded eaamt be found and apprehended, tranfmit a Duplicate thereof to the Loidi of the Admiralty or their Secretary, in order that in the Event of fbch Perfon being afterwards apprehended and reported m a Debtor, the Fads of his having received Inlifting Money, and having abfconded, may be aJcertained before he be finally adjudged to be iDeferter as having been duly inlifted.

LXVI. And be it further enaded,Tbat no Mafter (hall be entitled Mailer claiming to dam any Apprentice who (hall, after the pafling of this Ad, iwlift Apprentices to m 1 Royal Marine in His Majesty’s Service, unlels fuch Apprentice uke *hc 03th flnltat been bound to him in England for the foU Term of Seven Yean, sot having been above the Age of Fourteen when fo bound,	*

aod if in Ireland, for the full Term of Five Years at the leuffc, not hsviw been above the Age of Sixteen when fo bound, and unlefs fechMafter (hall, within One Calendar Month after fuch Apprentice (hall have abfconded or left his Service, go before feme Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, and before fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (B.), and produce the Certificate of fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magnbate of his having taken fuch Oath, which Certificate fuch Juftiee of the Peace or Magiftrate is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Ad annexed marked (C.)

(Tki/ JSt except the Claufet above inferted, it Jtndlar to 51 G.3. r.9.]

CAP. XXIV.

An ACt for railing the Sum of Six millions feven hundred and eighty nine thoufand fix hundred and twenty five Pounds by way of Annuities*	[25thMarch 1812.3



Google

$2° GEO. III.

A.D.1S1

CAP. XXV.

47 0.3. Seff. I.

continued.

Exception.

51 G3.C.IS.

49 O.3.C.30.

48 G. 3. c.32.

A& repealed, &c.

An Aft to continue9 until the Twenty fifth Day of March C thoufand eight hundred and thirteen9 an Aft for regulat the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Su from Ireland.	[25th	March	i8i|

*	TT THE REAS the Aft hereinafter mentioned has by Expenei

*	W been found ufeful and beneficial, and it it expedient that I

*	fame fhould be further continued in manner hereinafter mentiond Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tf poral, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and bri Authority of the fame, That an Aft made in the Forty feventh Y of Hit prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to provide n ejfedually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on tie Exports* of Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing Britijh Plantation Suga be wareboufed in Ireland, until tbe Twenty fifth Day of March ( thoufand eight hundred and eighty and which, by an Aft made in I lad Seflion of Parliament, was continued until the Twenty fifth I of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, (hall be and 1 fame is hereby further continued from the faid Twenty fifth Day March One tnoufand eight hundred and twelve, until and upon 1 Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and tl teen, except only fo much of the faid recited Aft of the Forty fe?a Year aforefaid, as relates to the allowing Britijh Plantation Sugar be warehoufed in Irelandy and which, under the Provifions of an / made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign! continuing the faid Aft of the Forty feventh Year, is direfted to warehoufed under the Provifions of an Aft made in the Forty eig) Year of His prefent Maiefiy’s Reign, for permitting Goods tmpori into Ireland to be warehoufed or Tecured without the Duties due the Importation thereof being firftpaid.

II. And be it further enafted. That this Aft, and the Aft here continued, may be amended, altered or repealed by any Aft to palled in this Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. XXVI.

An Aft to indemnify fuch Perfons in the United Kingdom have omitted to qualify themfelves for Offices and Empk ments, and for extending the Times limited for thofe Pi pofes refpeftively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March 0 thoufand eight hundred and thirteen; and to permit fu Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and I Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attf nies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before c Firft Day of Hilary Term One thoufand eight hundred a thirteen.	[25th	March 1811

C A

L.ooQle

.D. 1812.

52* GEO. IIL

97

O.27.

CAP. XXVII. q Aft for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked in Ireland for Foreign Service to return to their Homes.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS when any Part of His Majeity’s Forces are em* barked io Ireland for Foreign Service, the Wives and ChiU dies of the Soldiers fo embarking for Foreign Service are frequently Ht to rrtflrn to their rcfpeftive Homes, and it is expedient and (oR that Ptovifion (hould be made for enahling fucb Wives and Chddres io to return ;* Be it therefore enafted by the King's Mod Kcefeot Majcfty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords lirRsal and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament ieaMed, sad by the Authority of the fame, That upon any Regi-Ifit, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, being embarked in Ireland t FwctgD Service, the Commanding Officer thereof (hall caufe a ttBii or Returns to be made out of all the Wives and Children of f Soldiers belonging to fucb Regiment, Battalion, Corps or De-Anoft, who fkati be left at the Place of Embarkation, and who r drfiroos of claiming the Allowances refpeftively authorized by 1 Ad for the Purpole of enabling them to return to their Homes; t bid (ay, either one Return for the Regiment, Battalion, Corps Detachment, or feparate Returns for each Company, Rating the teal Places to which they are refpeftively to proceed, and whether Greet Britain or Ireland refpeftimy, and (hail tranfmit a Copy of ty foch Return to the Under Secretary for the Military Departs K at the War Office in Dublin CaRle, and (hall alfo give to every k Wife a Duplicate of fuch Part of fuch Return as mall apply to kWife aqd her Family of Children refpeftively, certifying thereof tor hit Hand that the Perfoo to whom fuch Certificate is given is t Wife of a Soldier in his Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detach* wt, aod that fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, is m about to embark at fuch Port of Embarkation for Foreign Ser-e; tad if the Home or Homes to which any of the faid Women Children (hall fo defire to return (hall be in Great Britain, theu fuch mmanding Officer (hall caufe a farther and feparate Return to be made out of all fuch Women and Children as (hall fo defire to urn to Great Britain, and (hall tranfmit the fame to the Secretary War in London.

IL Awl be it further enafted, That each Wife to whom any fuch riicate (ball have been delivered as aforefaid (hall forthwith take >uok to fame neighbouring Jufiice or Magiftrate, who (hall make I s Route for her, and fill up and fign and deliver to her a Certi-m (pedfyiag the Place to which fuch Woman, or Woman and Hd or Children, is or are going, and her Route, that (he may re-fe feck Allowances as are authorized by this Aft not exceeding to peace fer Mile.

i!L And he it further enafted. That upon Produftion of fuch ttifieate to the Perfon afting as Poft Mafter in the City, Town or Me, at which fuch Embarkation (hall happen, and afterwards in f Place mentioned in fiich Route and through which fuch Woman d Children (hall pafs, every fuch Perfon fo afting (hall, out of any ibfic Honey in his Hands, pay her an Allowance not ctceeding fiCto.III.	H	tho

.	Digitized	by	Google

A Return of Wives and Chili dren of Soldiers left at Embarks^ tion, aad transmitted to War Office,

Certificate ft veil to Wife,

produced to A neighbouring J u ft ice, who (ball make out Route to receive Allowance*

Pod Matters w pay Allowances,

A.D. i8

Poll Mailer Ge* neral of Ireland to allow fuch Payments, and Money repaid by Agents,

In Dublin Application made to Agent in firft lufUnce.

Certificate delivered up up 03 receiving laft Allowance,

How conveyed Home if Relidence in Great Britain.

Price paid for

Conveyance

certified.

G.27.	52* GEO. III.

the Rate per Mile fpecified in fuch Certificate as aforefaid, for Number of Miles to the next City, Town or Place, to which (he 1 be going as mentioned in fuch Route, not exceeding Eighteen M and he fhall indorfe on fuch Certificate the Money fo paid, and I feribe the fame and take a Receipt from the Woman for the I without Stamp, fubferibed with her Name or figned with her M; fpecifying the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment to url her Hufband belongs, fo that the Defcription on the Receipt may* refpond with the Defcription in the Certificate £0 produced to hie aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Sum £0 advanced by f Perfon fo ading as Pod Matter (hall be allowed in his Accounts the Pott Matter or Pott Matters General of Ireland, and all Si of Money fo advanced and allowed in Account (hall be repaid by Agents of the Regiments to which the Soldiers belong whofe W and Families have been forelieved, or by any other Perfon to be pointed for that Purpofe by the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfc the Under Secretary for the War Department, to the Recc General of His Majesty’s Pott'Office in Ireland.

V.	Provided always, and be.it ena&ed, That in the City of Du every fuch Woman (hall in every Inttance apply to the Agent of Regiment to which file (hall belong, and not to* the Pod Mailer Penon ading as fuch, and fuch Agent (hall and may pay «nd~adra in any cafe iuch Money, and indoiie and fiibfcribe fuch Certificate aforefaid, and (hall be allowed fuch Sum (o paid in his Accounts, 1 every fuch Tndorfement fhall be of the fame Force, Validity J Effed, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been dooc b Perfon ading as the Pott Matter in manner aforefaid.

VJ. And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Woman (hall the latt Place of receiving any Allowance under this Ad, anteced to her Arrival at her Home, if fuch Home (hall be in Ireland, dob up the Certificate fo given to her as aforefaid, to the Perfon ft vancing fuch Allowance to her, who (hall tranfinit the fame tq Pott Matter or Pott Matters General, and the fame (hall be by. Pott Matter or Pott Matters General tranfmitted to the Under $ tary for the War Department in the War Office in Dublin Cattls

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if the Home or Plal which any fuch Woman (hall defire to proceed (hall be in ( Britain, fuch Woman together with her Children, if any, duf forthwith taken free of all Expence in a Tranfport to any convcfl Port in Great Britain, if the fame can then conveniently be doocJ if not, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Colonel or <1 Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to v fuch Woman (hall belong, to agree for the Pafiage of every 01 fuch Woman and her Children to any convenient Port or Plai Great Britain, in any Veil'd that may then be in fuch Port of1 barkation, and alfo for her and their Maintenance during fuch Pal at any Price not exceeding for a Woman that ufually paid fqi fame railage for a Soldier, and fo in Proportion for.Children acfl ing to their refpe&ive Ages ; and. the Price fo agreedon beia$ tided by fuch Colonel or Commanding Officer, (hall be duly pal the Paymafter of the Dittrid in which fuch Port (hall be, out of? Public Money in his Hands; and fuch Certificate, together 1 the Receipt of the Matter or Commander of fucb Vefltl, (ball I

CjOO^Ic	^	j

I. IS12.

51® GEO. Ill,	c	27.	99

iest Voucher for fiich Payrn after, awd thereupon fee (hail fee en-to charge the Amosnt in hit Account with tie general Agent, rid Vsscfeer bring annexed to fack Charge.

[II. And be it farther cna&ed, That if (itch Port (ball not be How certificate aiortly fituate for fuch Purpose, or if fuch Pafcge cannot fe£ filled up. aed u afoidhid, then the Commanding Officer granting fach ifiefte U fuch Woman at aforefaid, ihull infert therein the Mame be Port is Ireland from which ft (hail be on the whole moft «r ad eligible that fuch Woman with her Children, if awy*

Id fad hr the Pnrpofe of repairing to her Home in Great th, mi thereupon any Jaftiee of the Peace to whom fuck wi AaU apply m manner afore foki (ball fell up her Certificate aft bid for fuch Port, and thereupon fuch Woman Hiatt be fupplietl the Means of repairing to fuck Port, and the Expence thereof bt defrayed by the fcveral Perfons a&ing as Poft Maftera ftt erafoefttd ia all refpeds.

I Aid he it farther enaded, That if by any Accident *ffy fbefi In what cafe m or Women and Children, (Hall have been left at fuch Place nc* ®*etuni ahrhdon or at the laft Quarters of fneh Regiment, Battafiort xnadc*

TO5, or at any Place on the March from fuch laft Quarters to Pace of Embarkation, and that the Requifites aforefaid (hall ire been performed, or that any fucH Woman or Women and ret (hall have been omitted from fuch Lift as aforefaid, then 1 every fach cafe it (hail and may be lawful to and for the dor other Officer commanding where fuch Woman or Women 'biHmi (hall have been fo left, to make out fach Return as ia before mentioned of fuch Woman or Women and Children, and sferit the feme to the War Office m Dublin Caftle as aforefaid,

1 give to every foch Woman fuch Duplicate at aforefaid, and rtranfmk foch further Return, if neceffary, to the Secretary at * London, and every fuch’ Return and Duplicate refoe&ively writhe fame Force and Effect in all Refpects as if done in cr mi by the Perfou hereinbefore for the like Purpofe men-

Asd be it further en*6bed, That when fuch Woman (hall have if Perfbtwcan-

I ft the Port or Place appointed for her Embarkation, then if not be conveyed

(ball be any Tranfport m or near to fnch Port about to proceed *" a Tranfpdrt, a

eoavenient Port in Great Britain, fuch Woman with her Child	*

rl&rn.if aay, fhaH Be received on board the fame, and conveyed VeffeL

i to faeh Port m Great Britain, free of all Expence; and if

ft* not be a convenient Opportunity of fending over fuch

m tad Children in that manner, tlien i£ (hail be lawful for the

nl or other Officer commanding at fuch Port or Place to agree

ePjflage of every or any fuch Woman and her Child or Ghil-

if ay, ia any other VefTel, and to certify the Price fo agreed

ill Maser in all refpeds as is hereinbefore hi that refoedl

•ad, sod foch Price • (hall in like manner be paid by the Pay-

pof feeh DiftriS, and (hall be charged by and allowed to him

^Certificate of fuck Commanding Officer, and the Receipt of

bier or Commander of foch> Velel in manner afotefeid in alt

hf md fuch Diftri£t PayrmUter (hall alfo receive from fuch

a the Certificate fo grafted to her by fuch Magiftrate as afore-

rtfell annex the fame, together with fuch Certificate and Re-

to his Account, in fupport of fuch Charge therein.

H 2	XI.	And



IOO

A.D.181

C.27.	52*	GEO.	HL

Allowance in cafe of Delays arifing from unavoidable Ciufes.

thiplicAe of Certificate produced to Juflice on Arrival at any Poet, See.

51 G.3.1.106.

XI. And be it further enaded, That if by contrary Wind*, want of a Veil'd ready for foiling, or by the Sicknefs of herfelf or any of her Children, or by any other reafonable Caufe, any h Woman (hall be detained more than One Night at fuch Port or PI of her Embarkation, or at any Place in her Journey, from the fign of her Certificate by a Magiftrate as aforefaid, Jo ner Arrival at ft Port, or at her Home, if in Ireland, then and in every fuch cafe, ft Woman (hall and may apply to any Juflice of the Peace who (] thereupon examine into the Fads on Oath, and if fatisfied of Truth thereof fhall give fuch Woman an Order to receive from Perfon then ading as Poft Mailer as aforefaid, if on her Journey,; if at her Port or Place of Embarkation, then from fuch Difirid F mailer, the Sum of Six pence a Day for the Maintenance of her! and the Sum of Three pence for each Child ihe ihall have with 1 and fuch Payment ihall be made to her accordingly, fo long as (hall be fo unavoidably detained, and no longer; and fuch Oi with the Receipt of fuch Woman ihall be a Sufficient Voucher every fuch Payment; and every fuch Sum fo paid being fo i vouched ihall be allowed and finally difeharged m manner afore refpedively.

All. And be it further enaded, That when any fuch W01 (hall have arrived at any fuch Port in Great Britain, then if (he foiled from the Port of Embarkation of her Regiment, ihe ihall t the Duplicate fo then given to her as aforefaid to any Jullice of Peace at or near fuch Port, and if ihe ihall have failed from other Port to which (he ihall have been iranfmitted by or under Certificate of a Jullice of Peace as aforefaid, then (he ihall take i Certificate to any Jullice of the Peace at or near fuch Por Great Britain at which (he ihall have fo arrived, and thereupon ihall receive from fuch Jullice of Peace in Great Britain fuch I tificate, and by and under the Authority thereof ihe and her ChOi (hall be traofmitted to her Home mentioned therein, in the fomcl ner in all refpeds as if fuch her Port of Arrival had been the P01 Embarkation of her Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and that! Jullice of Peace in Great Britain had given her fuch Certifi under and according to the Terms of an Ad made in the lad Sc of Parliament, intituled An A3 for enabling the Wives and Fat of Soldiert embarked for Foreign Service to return to their Homes.

XIII. And be it further enaded. That when the Home of fuch Woman ihall be in Ireland, the Certificate of the Juftk the Peace to whom ihe (hall take her Duplicate as aforefoid, lk iq the Form here following, or in any otner Form of Words of fame Purport and Effed; that is to Uy,

Form of Certifi- « T A. B.n JuCtice of the Peace for the County of

fat* l^Jfide,,ce *	(or	County of the City or Town of

“ k*	*	(iii the cafe may he,) do hereby certify, That from the Doom

*	produced to me it appears that C. D. the Bearer hereof,

*	Wife of E• F. a Soldier in the	Regime

‘	lately	embarked	for	Foreign	Service,

4 that (he is entitled to on Allowance of

4 Mile from this Place to her Home at	througt

4 Towns of	Given under my Hand at

4 this	Day	of	in	tbe

1	*



A.D. i8ii.

ioi

52* GEO. in.

C.27,28.

Acd if the Home of fucli Woman (hall be in Great Britain, then all Form if Grt* rfter the Words * Foreign Service* (hall be omitted; and in the Place Briuin* rf the Words fo omitted, thefe Words following (hall be ufed; that is to ixj, * and that her Home is at	in	the	County

*	of	in	Great	Britain, and that in order to

4 embark for Great Britain (he is entitled to an Allowance of

4	per	Mile	from	this	Place	to	the Port of

1 through the Towns of	Given	under	my Hand

4 at	this	Day	of

*	in the Year	»

cap. xxvm.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the lad Seflion of Parliament, miking Prorifion for the Families of Militia Men in Ireland.

[20th April 1812.]

4 TTTHEREAS by an Aft pafled in the laft Seflion of Parlia- 51 0.3. C.7I 4 V» ment, intituled. An AQ to make Provifion in certain Cafes * far tie Wives and Families of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and 4 Privates ferving in the Militia of Ireland ; it w, among other things, \ %.

4 enacted, that every Serjeant, Corporal, Private or Drummer in the 4 Jrj/b Militia, defirous of obtaining for his Family the Allowances in 4 the (aid Aft mentioned, (hall make and fubferibe a written Decla-4 ration in the Form therein fet forth before the Commanding Officer

I	of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps for the time being to which 4 he ihall belong: And whereas it may happen, that when any 4 Regiment of the (aid Militia is ferving out of Ireland> certain Ser-‘jeauts, Corporals, Drummers or Private Men of fuch Regiment 4 my remain in Ireland, attached to and ferving in fome other Regi-

4 meat of Militia than that to which they belong ;* Be it therefore When any Regi-eroded by the King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the went of Militia Adnceand Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com- '*out °f bods, u this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of offieer^aH^ive the feme, That in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and a certifccate on for the Colouel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment to Behalf of Men which any fuch Militia Man (hall belong, when thereto required, to remaining in give and uga a Certificate in Writing, in the Form following ; that jj^j^*1*^**

U to by,	Regiments.

II	if. B. Colonel or Commanding Officer [as the cafe may be"\ of Form.

4 the	Militia, do hereby certify*

‘that C.D. £a Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private ballotted

4 Mao, Subftjtute or Volunteer, as the cafe may beJ in the faid * Mika, and now attached to the	Regiment

4 of Mina, was called out into aftual Service, and did on the 4 Day of	march	fronv	the	faid County, Town, City

1 or Pbce [as the cafe may be.~\ And I do certify that the faid C, D.

4 octet deierted from the faid Regiment of Militia while the fame 4 remained in Ireland, and that the faid C. D. was married after his 4 Enrollment with the Confent of his Commanding Officer, accord-4 »g to Law, or heforc Enrollment [as the cafe may be.f Prodded always. That if fuch Militia Man (hall have been married dwmg the Abfence from Ireland of the Regiment to which be be-? longed, the latter Claofe relating to his Marriage (hall be ©ipitted

H 3	and	^



C.28.

A.D.i8i

52® GEO. III.

2nd fuch Certificate (hall be forwarded by Rich Colonel or Co minding Officer to the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of 1 Regiment, Battalion or Corps in Ireland, to which fuch Militia N (hall be then attached, and in which he (hall be then fenring.

Declaration of Militia Men required by 5iG.3.c.78.$a. fubferibed at Foot of Certificate.

Form of Certificate thereon of Commanding Officer of Regiment in Ireland.

II.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be la* for any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man fo remain in Ireland, defirous of obtaining any Allowance for his Family un the faid recited Aft, to make and fubferibe the Declaration in faid recited Aft mentioned, at the Foot of the Certificate be; before mentioned before the Commanding Officer of the Rrgnw Battalion or Corps to which fuch Serjeant, Corporal, Drummei Private (hall be attached, or in which he (hall be ferving at the t of fo making and fubferibing fuch Declaration.

III.	Ana be it further enafted, That the Commanding OH before whom fuch Declaration (hall be fo made and fubferibed, I at the Foot of the faid Declaration give and fign a Certific2t Writing in.the Form following 5 that is to fay,

$ T A. B. Colonel or Commanding Officer [jj the eafe may It,'

*	* the	Regiment	of	Militia, do ha

*	certify that C. D. a Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private,

*	the cafe way lef] in the	Regiment	of	Miiitia

*	attacned to, and ferving in the faid Regiment under my Comm 4 hath this Day made and fubferibed the above Declaration be 4 me; and that the faid C» D. never deferted fince he firil bee 1 attached to, and ferved with the faid Regiment fo now under

*	Command/

And if fuch Militia Man (hall be married after the Regiment tow he belonged had left Ireland, then there (hall be added to fuch I tificatc thefe Words following, to wit, * And that the faid C 4 married after he became attached to the Regiment under my C 4 mind, with the Confent of the Commanding Officer tbenroi 4 the time being or thefe Words, ‘ And that the faid C. D.

14 produced to me the Certificate of the Commanding Officer of . <	Militia,	dated	the	Day	of

4 in the Year	and	certifying	that the faid C

'	4 was then attached to the faid Regiment, and did on that Day 1

4 with the Confent of the faid Commanding Officer. Dated thi 4 Day of	in the Year	/

Alt fuch Deck- IV. And be it further enafted. That every fuch Declaration, rations and Cer- the Certificate at Foot thereof, (hall be attefted and counterfigoe titicates ffiall be ^ Adjutant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of MiHti Adjuunuwho* which the Militia Man making fuch Declaration (hall be fo atuu (hall keep Re- or with which lie (hall he ferving, and fuch Adjutant (ball kt aiders thereof. Book or Regifter containing {be Names of all the Serjeants, Corp Drummers and Privates fo attached to, and ferving with fuch 1 ment. Battalion or Corps, who (hall have made fuch a Declan alphabetically arranged, and (hall from fuch Declarations auA t ideates fo delivered to lum, enter in fuch Book oppofite tl Name of each Man, whether be is (harried or a Widower, and' any and what Child or Children, with the Date of fuch Dedad and the Name or Names, Age or Ages of fuch Child or Cl •refpeftively at the time making fuch De^laratiou, and \m



51° GEO. HI.

C.zi.

103

51 G.3. c.71

£dteice bf foeh Wifev Child or ChMrenj as Rated in fuch Decfara-

r *W. And be it further enafted, That every Adjutant to whom fuch Adjutant Hull Declaration ami Certificate (hall Be fo delivered, and aHb every Aa- re-deliver Cer-jHtant to whom any Detlaration and Certificate fhafl have been d^- tificate end D«-jfefcfcA is in the find recited Aft mentioned, after he (hall have attefted Mmtirivbn to cmraterfigned the fame refpeftiVely, and noted the Contents be tranfmjttedto ‘lifted a fnch Book ik aforefaid, and as in the faid recited A A his Family,

- Dfcltiooed Trfpeftiveiy, (hall Forthwith deliver fuch Declaration and Chtfficite reipeftiVely, to the Man having made fuch Declaration, in drier that he may cdufe the fame to be tranfmitted to his Family ;

thing m tbe laid recited Aft to the contrary fti arty drife hot-TOtfiftanding.

1 VI. And be it farther enafted, That fuch Declaration and Cer- Declaration and Bfcatc fo made and attefted in manner in this Aft direfted, and tlte Certificate pro-BNSil Matters add Things therein contained, fhall be enquired into ce**eJ on. “ FAM proceeded on in the fame manner in all refyefta, and mall be of	Icclt

the fame Force ind Effeft to all Intents and Purpofes, to entitle any lafci Militia Man fo attached to, or ferving with any Regiment, or Corps, and'his Family, to dU and every the fatne Benefits, wancts. Payments and Advantages, and on all the fame Terms Conditions as are by the faid recited Aft now given and provided and for any Militia Man and his Family, after a Declaration, Cerate and Atteftation, according to the Forms and Manner ih the Aft direfted and fet forth.	,

r 1 VIL And whereas it is by the faid recited Aft provided, that no | * Wife of any Militia Man, ndr any other Perfon on Behalf of filch

*	Wife, or of the Family of any fuch Militia Man, (hall be entitled

*	receive at any one Time more tHah' Onfe Month's Allowance to

*	fbcb Wife and r amily, under and by virtue of the faid Aft : And

*	whereas many Militia Men who wbufd have beeii enabled td make

*	a Declaration, and have been entitled to obtain a Certificate and

*	Atteftation thereof in manner hereinbefore mentioned, immediately

*	after the paffing of the faid recited Aft, have been prevented from

fo doing by tHe want of the Provifionshereinbefore contained Be Jufiicesmay en-1 k therefore' efiafted. That it (hall and may be lawful'to and for the quite into Cir-fcjttfbce of the Peace who fhall firft order Payment of the Sums cumftanceswhich TOdwcd by Law to the Family of any Militia Man obtaining any fuch Certificate a9 is hereinbefore fet forth, and fuch Jnftice is hereby untjer retnted required to compare the time of the Marriage of aoy fuch Militia Aft.

Man, as mentioned in his Declaration fo made In Forth aforefaid, with the time of Matching from his County as ihehtiotied in the Certificate of the Commanding Officer df the Regithen.t fo which he ftnd upon fuch Comparifon, and alfo by Examination bn [ ©*binto the^Fafts of the cafe, fuch Juftice (hill proceed to afebr-F^fii fthen foch Family might have entitled themfelves to any and ftfiit Allowance finder ana by virtue of the faid recited Aft, in dfirtbe Commanding Officer and Adjutant bf fuch Regiment had dm been m Ireland, fo as t6 grant the heceffafy .Certificate and Atteftation.

VIIL And be it further ertafted, That fuch dfiftice of the Peace On Juftkrcscer-’ftitf accordingly certify the Period and Amount of filch Allowance dfyihg Amount fHhe Foot of the firft Order, to be gnfen by him as in the faid re- ^owa,lcc0Q cited Aft mentioned, and thereupon fuch Family (hall be entitled td 1 eiI

H 4	p



r Order,

receive

I©4



52° GEO. III.

A.D. tJ

Families (hall

tecchre prtnrious Monthly Allowances.

Return, Ac. shade by and to Adjutants of Regiments to which Militia Men are attached.

51 G. 3. c. 78.

49 <*.3. § *•

receive from the Perfons, and out of the Funds in the laid Aft tioned, the Amount of all fuch previous Monthly Allowances! would have been due to fuch Family, in cafe they could have enul themfelves to receive the fame, not exceeding in the whole 4 ./Vjnount of Six Months* Allowance in any one Cafe.

IX. And be it further enafted, That fo long as any foch ] M*n (hall J>e fo attached to, or ferve in Ireland, in any Reg Battalion or Corps of Militia, other than that in which he was < ally enrolled, and which (hall be ferving out of Ireland, all aod < Return or Account direfted by the laid recited Aft to be made j fuch Militia Man to the Adjutant of his Regiment, or to the Pei afting as fuch, (hall be made to the Adjutant of the Regiment, ] falion or Corps, to which he (hall be fo attached, or with which I (hall ferve, or to $e Ferfon afting as fuch ; and that fuch Adjuti pr Perfon acting as fuch (hall keep fuch Regifter for all Men fo 1 tached pr ferving with fuch Regiment, and make fuch Entries therei and make and lend all the fame Returns relative to fuch Men fo a iacned and ferving, as is by the faid Aft direfted concerning tt Adjutant of the Regiment in which fuch Militia Man (hall be enrolfa and every Return fo made to or by any fuch Adjutant or Perfon z( ing as fuch under tins Aft, (hall be of fuch and the fame Force a Eflcft refpeftively, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as R turns made to or by any Adjutant purfuant to the Provifions of 11 faid recited Aft.

4 X. And whereas by the faid recited Aft of the laft. Scffion < * Parliament, it was, among other things, enafted. That an Aft mat in the Forty ninth Year of His prcfent Majesty, intituled Jin A

A A rejK iloJ,

to make Provifton in certain Cafes, for the Wives and Families ballotied Men^ Subjlitutes and Volunteers, ferving in the Militia

Cei tain Allow-inees continued to be pod to fathers, Scq. of Men in Militia at timeofpalliug 4<y G. 3. c. 86. %uth Aa rears.

Ireland, (hould be repealed, fave fo far as the fame repealed ar 4 former Aft of Parliament, or any Claufe, Matter or Thing thereii 4 Ana whereas by the faid recited Aft of the Forty ninth Yesr,

4 was, among other things, enafted. That certain former Afti ft

*	making PrQvifion for tne Wives and Families of Militia Men 1

*	Ireland (hould be repealed, fave as to any Allowance to any Fath 4 Mother, Brothers or Sifters of any Militia Man, who (hould 1

*	ferving in the faid Militia at the time of the paffing of the fo

*	Aft v For the obviating of any Doubts with refpeft to ^he fo laft mentioned Allowance, Be it declared and enafted. That all u every Allowance and Allowances to any Father, Mother, Brothers! Sifters of any Militia Man who was ferving in the faid Militia at tl time of tbe paffing of the faid recited Aft of the Forty ninth Y« (hall be paid under the Provisions of the feveral Acts recited in t\ faid Aft of the forty ninth Year, any thing in the faid recited A< of the (aft Seffion of Parliament, or in any other Aft or Afts to th contrary not with (landing ; and \bat all Arrears of fuch Allowanct due at the tjme of tbe pacing of thif Ad\ (hall be paid within On Month after th? pafting of this £ft, by tbe Colleftor of the Baroni Cefs, or by tbe Collcftors of Excife within their refpeftive Diftnd upon the Receipts of the Parties entitled to fuch Allowances, in* fuch Sums (hall be allowed in tbe Accounts of the feveral and rcfpcc tive Colleftors accordingly.

XI. And be it further enafted. That this Aft may be altered amended or repealed, curing the prcfent Scffion of Pai Lament.

‘ ' ’ •	*	’	   '	CAP



Google

A.D.

52° GEO. HI.

C. 29,30.

1 oS

CAP. XXIX.

An A& to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland.

[20th April 1812.]

( VTTHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws relating to the 490*3. c.iao.

• W Militia of Ireland mould be amended in manner hereinafter 5* G.3. c. 118.

« contabed ;* Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s Moft Excellent Mairibj, by and with the Advice and Content of tne Lords Spiritual asa Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That of the Number of Perfons to exceedm$ be raifed for the Militia of any County, County of a City, or County One Fourth of :>f a Town in Ireland\ by volunteering, it (hall be lawful for His Number of Msgefty. or for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or	t#

Governors of Ireland, for the time being, to dire& that fuch Propor-	^	**

tim as be or tb ex (hall think fit, not exceeding One Fourth Part of tudJ^wards. tie wbok Number of Perfons to be raifed in each Year for fuch Cansty, (ball confitl of Boys of the Age of Fourteen Years, and upwards, and of fuch Height as His Majesty or the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, may direct, who (hall be raifed by Beat of Drum.

II. And be it further ena&ed. That whenever any Regiment, or Commander in Pat of a Regiment of the Militia of Ireland (hall be out of Ireland, C»»ief tojiercife ihen and in every fuch cafe, all and every the Rights, Powers and Iriib ^ Authorities relating thereto, which there (hall be Occafion to exercife M»litia out out of Ireland by the Commander of His Majesty’s Forces, (hall and of Ireland as may be ufed, exercifed and enjoyed by the Commander in Chief of Officer eom-Hk Majesty*s Forces in Great Britain, as fully and effe&ually, to •ma«nd!!?/0rCef all Intents and Purpofes, as the fame might or could then be exercifed ,n re by the Officer commanding His Majesty’s Forces in Ireland, if fuch Regiment or Part of a Regiment were then in Ireland.

CAP. XXX.

Aa Acf to provide for regulating the Warehoufmg of Spirits diftilled from Com in Ireland, for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable thereon ; and to transfer the Cuftody of Spirits fo warehoufed, from the Commif-Boners of Cultoms and Port Duties in Ireland, and their Officers, tq the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Irelandt and their Officers,	[2pth	April 1812.]

‘ ITT HE REAS under and by virtue of the Laws now in force

*	VV in Ireland, certain Ads, Matters and Things, relating to

*	the Warehoufing of Spirits dillilled from Com in Ireland\ for 4 Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excife payable (thereon, are placed under the Care, Management and Dtredion

*	of the Contmiffiowers of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, and 1 of the Officers appointed by and acting under the (aid Commifiion-‘ m ; And whereas it is expedient that fuch Ads, Matters and 1 Things (hail hereafter be transferred to and placed under the Care, 4 Management and Direction of tlie Commiflioners of Inland Excife 4 asd Taxes 10 Ireland, and of the Officers appointed by or a&ing 1 under the (aid lad mentioned Commiflioners Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice



Google



io6

C.30.

520 GEO. HI.

A.D.iir

DiAllkrsmay warehoufe Spirits under Dire&ions of Conuniffionen «f Exrii'e.

Provifo.

and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, this prefent Parliament aflFehibied, arid by the Authority of the fa^ That, frofn and aftet the Expiration of Ten Days after the pafG of this A&, any former or other A6t or A6fcs to the contrary then in any wife notwithftanding, it (hall and may be lawfu} for e* Diftiller or Maker of fuch Spirits, who is or (hall be licenfed to k| any Still exceeding One Hundred Gallons Content, to wareho his Spirits for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of 1 cife chargeable in Ireland thereon, according to the Provilions of 1 A61, ana fubieft to fuch Rules and Regulations as the faid CJ tniffioncrs of Excife (hall From time to time dire6l or order, m i of His Majesty's Warchoufefc or Stores, to be provided by the i Commiffioners of Excife, at any Port in Ireland in which, or in Diftri6t in which fuch Port (hall be fituated, any Still exceediug ( hundred Gallons Content for the diftilling of Spirits (hall be lices by the faid Commiffioners of Excife : Piovided always, that no Spi of a Strength lefs than a Strength equal to One to Ten over Hvi meter Proof, by fuch Hydrometer as (hall be approved of bv

Commiffioners for executing the Office of the Lord High Treafj

of Ireland (hall be fo warehoufed ; and that all fuch Spirits (hall contained in Calks of not lefs than One hundred Gallons Conti and that there be marked on the Head of each Calk, in Letterl Figures cut therein, the Number of Gallons of Spirits in fuch Cl and the Strength of the Spirits contained therein, at the time of Storing thereof.

II. And be it further ena6ted, That when and as often as Diftiller (hall intend to warehoufe Spirits for Exportation, he (ball j houfc Spirits, Notice in Writing to the Officer or Officers of Excife who (hal and none (hall be placed over the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller, and alfo to the Ex moved into Storekeeper at the Port of Exportation, of fuch his Intention! Warehoufe with- which Notice (hall be fet forth the Number and Content in Gall

Diftiller tb give Notice of Intention to wire-

cut Permit.

of each Calk which fuch Diftiller intends to warehoufe, and the 1 and Hour of the Day on which fuch Diftiller intends to commence Removal of fuch Spirits to the Warehoufe or Stores, which 1 (hall not be more diftant than Six Days, not* hearer than Three £ from the time of fuch Notice : Provided always, that no Remora any Spirits for fuch Purpofe (hall be allowed wifhont a Permit c taining fuch Particulars as (hall be directed by the faid Commiffioi of Excife, which Permit (hall be a fufficient Prote&ion for Removal of fuch Spirits; and if any fuch Spirits (hall be fouiH conveying frofn the Stores of any Diftiller to any of His Majel Warehoufes or Stores, and if the Carrier or Perfon conveying fi Spirits (hall not, oft Demand of any Officet of Cuftoms or Ex< produce fuch Permit authorizing the Removal of fuch Spirits, lame (hall be forfeited and may be feized by any fuch Officer; no fuch Removal (hall take place on any Excife Office Holiday, commence at any Time of the Day before the Hour of Nine in Forenoon or after the Hour of Two in the Afternoon.

Officer 10	III. And be it further Cna6ted, That the Officer of Excife to iri

tend Removal of focb Notice (hall have been given in manner aforefaid, fhaH attera cp,nis,f T? J-ue Stores of every fuch Diftiller at the Time mentioned a* afore ^mon ^ in fuch Notice, and foch °fficer (ha11 continue there until the W* of the Spirits for which fuch Notice has been given (hall be remo •out of the Stores of fuch Diftiller under Permit as afwtfaid; 1

F«nalry.



Google

AJ).i8ia.

52° GEO. III.

C.jo.	*07

that immediately after the Removal of fuch Spirits, fuch Officer ffiall

'-ake Stock on luch Diftiller, ancj fet forth in the Stock Book the Decreafe occafioned by the Removal of all fuch Spirits : And in cafe Notntmdvmg Whoie or any Part of the Spirits, for the Removal of which a ^P*1***

Perrr.it (hall be granted as aforefaid, (hall not be delivered into His Majeiy’i Warehoufes or Stores within the time prefcribed in the Strength, Permit or Permits for conveying the fame, or in cafe fuch Spirits when fa delivered fhall not be and remain of the fame Strength and Quality ia every refpedf of which they were at the time of the grant-^ oifuch Permit or Permits (except in cafes of unavoidable Ne-l Hkj, proved to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioner9 of Excife, or any Three of them), the Diftiller of fuch Spirits, for the Removal of which out of his Stores a Permit (hall have been granted as aforefaid, ji lor every Gallon of Spirits not fo delivered, or which fhall not

the Strength and Quality aforefaid, forfeit the Sum of Ten Penalty. Shillings, and (hall alfo forfeit One Gallon of Spirits for every Gallon > deficient inQuantity ; and it fhall be lawful for the Officer of Ex-t. :e to feizeand take out of the Stores of fuch Diltiller, One Gallon of Spirits for every Gallou which fhall be fo deficient ; and it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, to withdraw and annul any Licence before that time granted to fuch DuliUer, if they ffiall think lit fo to do.

IV.	And be it further enaCfed, That immediately on the Arrival Storekeeper to fuch Spirits under proper Permit at His Majesty's Warehoufe or take Account

the proper Officer fhall gauge and take an Account of every and the Strength of the Spirits contained therein, and fhall enter an Account thereof in a Book to be by him kept for the Purpofe; and thereupon the Storekeeper fhall receive the lame without Delay :r,u> His Majesty’s Warehoufe or Stores, and fhall deliver to the Dif-' 'or or Perfon requiring the fame for the Ufe of fuch Diftiller, a Receipt for fuch Spirits, fpecifying the Number of the different Cafks, v.<:h their Gauge, and the Quantity and Strength of the Spirits ' ntained in them, with the Day of the Month and Year when - ich 6pint$ were ftored, and any Marks which may be put on i :ch Calks by fuch Diftiller for diftinguilhing the Spirits to be his Property. ^

V.	And he it further enadted, That fuch Receipt fhall be deli- Such Receipt pver within a reasonable Time, by every fuch Diftiller, to the delivered by

in charge of the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller, and fuch Officer fhall immediately return to fuch Diftiller a Copy thereof, ftgned by Credit far l.imLcli ; and upon the Delivery of fuch Receipt, and not before, it feme in Charge be lawful for fuch Officer to dedu& from the Number of Gal- agaitift DtAillef\ of Spirits with which fuch Diftiller fhall have been charged or c urxeabtr with Duty, the Number of Gallons fo warehoufed, and mom the Charge of Duty againft the Diftiller, to the Collector Excife, for the remaining Number of Gallons, which fhall be a V- againft fuch Diftiller accordingly j and every fuch Officer annex to fuch Return the Storekeeper's Receipt, as his Voucher for osviog made fuch Dedu&ion as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That fuch Spirits which fhall be Spirits not ror varchoufed fhall not be taken or carried out of the Warehoufe moved out o€

RtofVS rvn anv Armiint whaffm»vpf. nthprwifp tKan in Mniinpr atlri Wjrehoule,ex-

VII.	And





log

A.D. 1812.

Notice bv DHtiU ler of taking out 8pints for Exportation.

Decreafe in Strength or Quantity of Spirits while warehoused.

Penalty.

Bond of Diftilkr on Exportation.

Certificate thereof by Collector.

On Production of Collector** Certificate of Bonding, Storekeeper (ball fend Spirits oo.boerd with s Permit, and under Care of ap Officer.

C.30.	52° GEO. HL

VII.	And be it further enaffced, That fo often as any Diftilki warehoufing Spirits in Ireland, or any Proprietor of fucb Spirits ft warehoufed, (hall he deiirous of (hipping for Exportation aoy QuanUrj of fuch Spirits, fuch Diftiller or Proprietor (hall deliver to the Storekeeper, Five Days at leaft before the time when he intends to ihi| fuch Spirits, a Note in Writing, requiring fuch Storekeeper to dehwi fuch Cafks as fuch Perfon may intend to export, fpecifymg the Ntnn her of Cafks, and the Quantity of Spirits intended to he fhipped, ai fet forth in the Receipt given to fuch Diftiller by the Storekerpe at the time when fuch Spirits were admitted into the Warehouse 01 Stores, and mentioning the time when fuch Diftiller or Proprietor pro pofes to fhip fuch Spirits, and the Name and Deftination of the Shi] or Veffel in which inch Spirits are intended to be exported ; and i (hall be lawful for the Officer attending the Warehoufe or Stores frofl which fuch Spirits are to be taken, before the Delivery thereof fros fuch Warehoufe or Stores, to mark every Cafk of fuch Spirits witl fuch Mark as the faid Commiffioners of Excife (hall dirc&; An< if any Spirits fo intended for Exportation (hall, after having bw received in His Majesty’s Warehoufe or Stores, and before thei affcual Exportation, he altered in Quality, Quantity or Strength except by Decreafe occafioned from Leakage, Wafte or Accident all fuch Spirits, and the Cafks containing the fame, (hall be forfeited and may be feized by any Officer of His Majesty’s Revenue 0 Cuftoms or Excife.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That before any fucb Spirit fhall be delivered out of any fuch Warehoufeor Stores for Export ation, the Diftiller or Proprietor intending to export the fame, iKaB with One or more fufficient Surety or Sureties, give Bond to Hi Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, in Double the Value of fuch Spirit and of the Excife Duty which would be due and payable thereon i fuch Spirts were taken out for Home Confumption (which Bom the Coue&or of Excife of the Diftrict is hereby authorized and ri quired fo to take) conditioned that fuch Spirits fhall (the Danger of the Seas or Enemies excepted) be exported to and landed at fad Port as fhall be fpecified in fuch Bond, without Alteration in Qualir or Quantity, except what may be occafioned by Leakage, Wafte a Accident, and fhall not be landed in any other Place, nor reknded ii Ireland; and fuch Colle6tor of Excife fhall fign and give to fuel Diftiller or Proprietor a Certificate of fuch DiftillePs having entertt into fuch Bond.

IX.	And be it farther enabled, That upon the Diftiller or Pro prietor of fuch Spirits, or fome Perfon on Behalf of fuch Diftilkr « Proprietor, producing to the Storekeeper of the Warehoufe orStorr the Certificate from Hie Colle&or, that fuch Bond and Security batl been given, the Storekeeper of fuch Warehoufe or Stores fhall delive fuch Spirts as fhall be mentioned in fucli Certificate to be exported and fuen Storekeeper fhall caufe the faid Spirits to be fent under tb< Care of a propeT Officer, at the Expence of the Diftiller or Pro

Snet or, to the Quay where the Ship or Veffel fhall be ftationed, then > be delivered into the Cuftody of the Shipping Officer of the Cuftoms on fuch Quay, and fhall at the fame time grant a Permit fa the Quantity fo fent, in which Permit (hall be alfb mentioned th< Pate when the Spirits were warehoufed, and fuch other Particulars the Commiffioners of Excife (hall direft *nd appoint (which Perm*

(M

v^ooQle

A.D.i8i2.

5a0 GEO. III.	C.30.	109

y Aall be a fuffident Protedion for the Removal of fuch Spirits) ; Not producing f mi if aor fuch Spirits (hall be found conveying or carrying from F«nnit,&c.

!aaj of His Majesty’s Warehoufes or Stores to the Quay, to be Jhippcd for Exportation, and before their a&ual Shipment, and if | the Carrier or Perfon carrying the fame, ,or the Perfon in whofe ) Caiody the lame (hall be, (hall not, on Demand of any Officer of Caftom or Exciie, produce fuch Permit authorizing the Removal of r foeh Spirit*, the dune (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any foch Officer; and all fuch Spirits (hall remain in the Care and Caflody of the Shipping Officer on the Quay until (hipped or ex-ported; and all fuch Spirits (hall be (hipped in the fame Ca(ks in which they were originally warehoused, with the Marks, Numbers ami Notes of the Contents thereon, except in cafes of damaged or kaky Calks, which may be changed with the Leave of the Com-■iffiooen of Inland Excife and Taxes, or of the Chief Officer of the Fort, and like Marks (hall be cut on the Head of each new Calk as had been cut on the leaky or damaged Cafk; and all fuch Spirits ffisD be (hipped only in fuch Vefiels as, by Law, Spirits of Irifb Manufacture may be (hipped for Exportation, fubjed to all Regularises, Forfeitures and Penalties, in refped of relanding or unftupping the feme, as are or may be contained in any Ad or Ads refpecting Spirits dripped from Ireland for Exportation to Great Britain or enewbere, and as are not contrary to the Provifions of this Ad.

X	And be it further enaded. That if any Diftiller fo warehoufing Spirits taken Spirits for Exportation, or other Proprietor thereof, (hall defire to out for Home take the lame, or any Quantity thereof not lefs than Five hundred Confumption in Gallons, out of His Majesty’s Warehouse or Stores, for Home Con- 55rt,‘” . (caption, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Diftiller fo to do, on Quam,tief* paying to the Colledor of Excife for the Diftrid, the full Amount of the Duty of Exciie on Spirits, payable in refped of fuch Spirits, for the Quantity which each and every fuch Cafk contained at the rineof its being wareboufed, together with a Sum, after the Rate of Ta Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year, on the Anouat of the laid Duties, from the Expiration of Four Calendar Matfht after the Day of (taring fuch Spirits, till the time of taking the feme out for Home Confumption ; and upon the Produdion of the CoUedor’s Receipt for fuch Duty to the Storekeeper, it (hall be tarhil for him to discharge the Calks mentioned in the Colie dor’s Receipt, and to deliver a Permit for the Conveyance of the fume to the DUriQer or Prcmrietor thereof, or to fuch Place as fuch Driller w Proprietor (hall dimed or require, which Permit (hall be a fufficient	-

Pittman for the Removal of fuch Spirits; and if any fuch Spirits Is&be found conveying or carrying, and if the Carrier or Perfon. con-veyhg the fame, or the Perfon in whofe Cuftody the fame (hall be,

Watt, on Demand of any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, produce (bdi Permit authorizing the Removal of fuch Spirits, the fame (hall hr (bricked* and may be foised by any fuch Officer.	Penalty.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That Spirits fo warehoufed may Warehouf& he moved* at the Defire of the Diftiller or Proprietor thereof, from Spirits may be His Majeffiy*t Wareboufe or Stores at any one Port, to the like removed from ■	“	“	*	~	'	'	Port to Port.

^

WiKpoafe or More, at any other Jrort as atorementioned, under Regulations as the ihid Coromiffioners of Excife (hah order in *Sg& thereof.

XII. And

Dtftilier may XII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for t\ weekly view and Diftiller or Proprietor of any fuch Spirits fo to be lodged m ai W« houft *U Warehouse or Stores as aforefaid, in the Prefence of the Stor are 0 e* keeper, who is hereby required to attend at all reafonable times f that Purpofe not oftener than once a Week, to view, rttambc at (hew for Sale, fuch Spirits, or any Part thereof, and to examine tl Rate of the Cafos, and to prevent Leakage or Damage theteiir.

After Four	XIII. And be it further enaded, That if any Spirits (hall remai

Time at m Majesty's Warehoufes or Stores, after having been receive Commiflionm therein under the Provifions of this Ad, for more than Four^Cnlendj may allow.	Months, or fuch further time as the faid Cocnmiffioners of Excife, c

Spirits ware-	any Three of them (half appoint, on fpecial Application made to then

IvouTed (hall l>e (hall jmd may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, or any Thre of them, to dired, that fuch Spirits (hall be publicly fold, giving °	*	*	Seven Days public Notice thereof; and the Produce arifing from fuel

Sale fhaR be applied in the Firft Place to the Difcharge of alt thi Duties thereon, computing fuch Duties on the Number of Gallon which each and every Calk contained at the time of its being ware bouCbd, without any Allowance forWafte or Leakage, together wit! a Sum, after the Rate of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Found* b} the Year, on the Amount of the faid Duties, nrom the Expiration ol Four Calendar Months after the ftoring of fuch Spirits, until the Sale thereof; and the Remainder, after dedu&ing all Expence oi Warehoufing and Sale, (hall be paid over' to the Diftiller of fitch Spirits.

Drawback al- XIV. And be it further enaded, That on the Exportation of any lowed on Export- fuch Spirits which (hall have been warehoused in manner aforefaid, no ation of Spina. Drawback or Allowance whatever (hall be given or paid, other than and except a Drawback of Ten pence Brittjh Currency upon every Gallon of fuch Spirits, as and in lieu of the Duty paid on the Malt ufed and confomed in the making of fnch Spirits, or other than and except fuch other Drawbacks which (hall or may by Law from time to time hereafter, as Occafion may require, be granted, given or allowed ; which Drawback is hereby required to be paid and fatisfied on fuch Export, fubjed to all Rules and Regulations in force iu Ireland refpeding Drawbacks.

Regulations in XV. And be it further enaded, That fo much of an Ad, made

46	G.3. c.88. in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent M^efty's Reign, intituled An

47	G. 3. Se .2. jq to provide for the regulating andfecuring the Collision of the Duties as to warehoufing on Spirts diflilled in Ireland, and the warehoufingof fuch Spirits for Spirits, repealed. Exportation ; and alfo fo much of another Ad, made in the Forty

feventh Yiear of His faid Majesty’s Reign, for amending the faid Act of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, as relate to the warehoufing of Spirit* diddled in Ireland for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable in Ireland thereon, (hall be and the fsme are* hereby repealed.

Recovery of' XVI. And be it further enaded, That all and every the-Fme^ Penalties. Penalties and Forfeiture* inflided by this Ad, (hall be paid and recovered in Britj/h Currency, and (hall and may be fned for and recovered, levied'and applied, in fuch Manner and’ Form, and^y fuch Ways and Mean*, and with fuch Powers and Authorities ware fre-fcribed, direded and appointed in and by an Ad of Parliament 14 6c 15 Car. a. made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Year* 06 the Rag* (I.) SriT.4* c. 8. of Hi* late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled An AS for the

4.

A Bh

kjOOQle



5*° GECX IH.	C. 30,31,

the Extifi qr new Impofl upon Hu Majcfly, hi* Heirs and Sw? wfors9 affording to the Booh of Rates thetein iffertfid ; or in and by a? jEft, made io the Forty ftxth Year of Hislprefen* Maiefty** Reign* wtisultd An A& to provide for the better Execution (rf the fevered Ado 46 G. 3. c. 106. rdafing to the Revenue*) Matter4 and Thing* under the Management of the Qemmfoners of Cuftoms and Port Dufies, and of the Commi/fionero of behind Exeife and Taxes in Ireland * or in and by any other Ad or Ad* in force in freland relating to FI is M^jefty’s Revenue of Eyifr, as fully and effe&ually, to aH, Intents, Conftrpdion* and Rwpofrfi, as if the lame were particularly rpentioned and exprefled and re-esa&ed in this Ad ; with like Remedy pf Appeal to and for AppeiL tbe Party or Parties who (hall think him? her or tbem^lves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid Ads, or any Ad or Ada in force in Inland, cehting to His Majesty’e Revenue of Excife ia provided.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad maybe amended. Ad altered, Ac. abend or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be made m this patient Scfea of Parliament.

CAP. XXXI.

Aa Aft to repeal an ASt made in the Thirty ninth Year of die Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An AB againjl lewd and wandering Perfons pretending themfelves to be Soldiers or Mariners.	[aoth	April	1812.3,

‘ YT7HEREAS it is expedient that an Ad made in the Thirty,

‘ II ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An AS 39 Eli*, c. 17.

*	ogasmfl lewd and wandering Perfons pretending themfelves to be Soldiers repealed.)

*	ir Mariners, fbonld be repealedBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Patimcot aflembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That the laid Ad (hall be and the lame is hereby repealed.

CAP* XXXII.

An Ad for the Relief of Infant Suitors4n Courts of Equity, entitled to Stock or Annuities in any of the Public or other Funds, aansferrable at the Bank of EnglandL

[20th April 1812.]

*	WHEREAS Inconvenience has been experienced from the ‘ ff Want of Authority/ in, the Courts of Chancery and Ex-

*	chooser to dired for the Ufe of Infonta the Payment of the Di-S udods of Stock belonging to fuch Infants, and Handing in their

times m the Books o£ the Governor and Company of the Bank of ‘ Eojisnd :* May R therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it may be undid; and be it enaded' by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty,

If aid with the Adrian and Cortlent .of the .Lords Spritual and tcupool, and Codunoos, in thisprefept Parliament aflembled, and kj tk Authority of the fipune. That, from and after the pafling of Court of Chan-tlniAd, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Courts of Chan- eery or Exche-enmd Exchequer refpediveVy, in any Caufe depending or here- quer may order afartebcf dtpeodiag in the (aid Courts refpe&iveJy, to order and ^,v,|*en!?s °* fad dl or any Dividends due and belonging or hereafter to become hud bekagwg to aoy Infant or Infonts, Parties to any fuch Caufe, fantJj to be paid

on



Google

XI2

A.D.i8i:

to Guardians Maintenance Infants, &c.

Public Aft.

46G.3.C.X *wa*»ued.

C.32,33.	52°GEO. III.

for on any of the Public or other Stocks, Funds or Annuities whatfoH °f transferrable or which fhall or may hereafter be made transferable the Books of the Governor and Compimy of the Bank of Ertglat {landing in the Name or Names of fuch Infant or Infants, and to whi fuch Infant or Infants 16 or are beneficially entitled, to be paid to a Guardian or Guardians of fuch Infant or Infants refpeftively, or any other Perfon or Perfons, according to the Diurretion of fu Courts refpeftively, to or for the Maintenance and Education, otherways for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Infant or Infants; fu Guardian or Guardians, or other Perfon or Perfons, to whom fa Payment is direfted to be made, being named in the Order direfti fuch Payment; and the Receipt, Acquittance or Difcharge of fa Guardian or Guardians, or other Perfon or Perfons fb named for ft] Dividend or Dividends, or Sum or Sums of Money, as (hall be ordered and directed to be paid to them, or any Part thereof, (hall as good, valid and effe&ual, at all times and to all Intents and Pi poles whatsoever, both at Law and in Equity, to and for the fi Governor and Company of the Bank of England, againft fuch Inf or Infants to whom fuch Dividend or Dividends, Sum or Sums Money have been or (hall be due and belong, his, her or their Exa tors. Admin id ra tors or Affigns, as if fuch Receipt, Acquittance Difcharge, had been actually figned by fuch Infant or Infants, afi he, (he or they had aftually attained his, her or their Age of Majorii and were capable by Law of figning and giving the fame ; and t! this Aft (hall be, and is hereby declared to be a full and complete ] demnity and Difcharge to the faid Governor and Company of t Bank of England, their Officers and Servants, for all Things done permitted to be done purfuant thereto; and this Aft (hall be deera and taken as a Public Ad to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

cap. xxxm.

An Aft to continue, until the Expiration of Six Months afi the Conclufion of the prefent War, an Aft made in the F01 fixth Year of His prefent Majesty, for permitting the Impon tion of Mads, Yards, Bowfprits and Timber for Naval Pi pofes, from the Britijh Colonies in North America, Duty fr<

[20th April 18r.

*	IT THERE AS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Exj

*	W rience been found ufeful and beneficial, and it is expedk

*	that the fame (hould be further continued Be it therefore enaft by the King’8 Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice a Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in tl prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fart

17. That an Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majeft] Reign, intituled An A3 to permit, until the Firfi Day of January C thoufand eight hundred and nine, the Importation of Mafis, Yards a Bo*wJpr'Us,or of Timberfit for Naval Purpofes, from the Britifh Colon \ in North America Duty free; which faid Act was by Two Ads the Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His pitfe Majesty continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March Onetho land eight hundred and twelve, (hall, from and after the faid Twen fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundredjmd twelve, be a

t!



Google

AJ). i8it.

52* GEO. III.



tie l*me is hereby further continued until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclufion of the prefent War.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Aft for altering and amending an Aft made in the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the Relief of Debtors, with refpeft to the Imprifbnment of their Perfons, and of an Aft made in the Thirty ninth Year of His ptefent Majesty, for making perpetual an Aft made in the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majesty, for the further Relief of Debtors ; and for other Puipofes in the faid Aft expreffed. [20th April 1812.]

1	an Aft was pafled in the Thirty ninth Year of

• YV the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 for

4 making perpetual an A3 made in the Thirty third Tear of the Reign	^

1 mf His prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 for the further Relief of 4 Vtkers with rcfbeB to the Imprifonment of their Perfons ; and to Debtors who Jhall continue in Execution in Prifon beyond a cer-

•	ton Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the A3,

4 to nude Difcovery of and deliver upon Oath their EJlates, for their

4 Creditors Benefit: And whereasin the faid Aft made in the Thirty ^ G

•	third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, the Benefits of an

•	Aft palTed in the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His late 3*0, *

•	Majefty King George the Second, intituled An A3 for the Relief of * ’ ***** 1 Debtors with refped to the Imprifonment of their Perf on/, and to oblige

4 Debtors who Jhall continue in Execution in Prifon beyond a Certain 4 Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Ad, to 1 nude Difcovery of and deliver upon Oath their EJlates for their Crt-1 &tori Benefit, were extended to divers Perfons not mentioned in

•	the faid Aft made in the Thirty fecond Year of His late Majesty

•	King George the Second 1 And whereas the Provilions of the faid 4 Afts made in the Thirty fecond Year of His late Majesty and in 1 the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty refpec-4 troiy require, that Debtors and others confined in any County or

•	other Gaol above the Space of Twenty Miles from Wefiminjler 4 Hall, or the Court or Courts under the Procefs whereof any fuch

•	Debtors or others are confined, defitous to avail thrmfelves of the

•	Benefits of the Provifions of the faid Aft, (hould apply by Petition 4 tofuch Court or Courts, and authorize fuch Court or Courts, on f bring fatisfied as therein mentioned, to order orcaufe fuch Debtors 4 or others fo petitioning to be brought to the Aflizes which (hall •beholden for the County or Place where he, /he or they fliall be

•	ioprilbned, and further require that the Matter of the faid Petition 4 iwdd at the time of the Aflizes held for the County or Place 4 where he, (he or they /hall be imprifoned, be heard by the Jndge •of Affize on the Crown Side: And whereas there are many Gaols 4 feuate within local or particular Jurifdiftions, for which no Aflizes 4 are ever or feldom if ever held, or at which Aflizes there may be 4 no Jndge of Aflize on the Crown Side, and other Gaols at con-4 fiderable Diftances from any Place where Aflizes are ufually held,

4 by reafon whereof fuch Debtors and others as are confined therein 1 and would be efitftled to the Benefits of the faid Afts cannot avail

52 Geo. III.	*	I	4	themfelve*



Google

A.D.i8i

Debtors may be brought before J udices at General Seffions in-ftead of a Judge of Affize, &c.

Brovifions of recited A<fts extended to this Aft.

C34.	$29	CEO.	Hi.

*	ttienlfelrtt thereof in the rtanner intended by the faid Adi: A € whereas great Hardfhip arifes to fuch Perfons therefrom, andi

*	defirable to give them Relief in the Premifes; and that fuch Co

*	or Courts, on being fatisfied as aforefaid, (hould be further aotl

*	rized to order or caufe all Debtors and others entitled to the ]

*	nefit of the faid Ads, or any of them, petitioning as aforefi

*	to be brought up, and the Matter of their Petitions heard bef

*	the Juft ices afferabled at any General or Quarter Seffions of

*	Peace to be holden within the Diftaoce of Twenty Miles of 1

*	Gaol in which any fuch Debtors or others may be confined

it therefore enadted by the King's Moft Excellent Majcfty, by 1 with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the I thority of the fame. That, from and after the paifingof this Ad( (hall and may be hwful for fuch Court or Courts to order fi * Debtors and others to be brought up before any Juftices of the Pc aflcmbled at any General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace, which ll be mentioned in any Petition of any fuch Debtors or others tc holden for any County, City, Liberty, Franchife or Jurifdift within the Diftaoce of Twenty Miles of the Gaol wherein fi Debtors or others fo petitioning (hall be confined, inftead of order fuch Debtors or others to be brought up before a Judge of Affizd all cafes where fuch Court or Courts (hall think proper fo to do, i fuch General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace mall be holden eil| nearer in point of Diftance from fuch Gaol or of Time than 1 Affizes at which fuch Judge of Affize would be prefent would holden 5 and the Juftices fo aflembled in General or Quarter Seffii before whom any fuch Debtors or others /hall be brought in p fuance of any fuch Order, are required to hear and determine I Matter of fuch Petition, and do and perform all other fuch Matt and Things to the fame Effed and in the fame manner, as neat may be, as by the faid recited Ad of the Thirty fecond Year His late Majcfty King George the Second, the Judge of Affixe the Crown Side is required to do and perform; and all Orders mi by fuch Juftices (hall be as valid and eftedual as if the fame had b made in the Court or Courts out of which Procefs againft fu Debtors or others had iifued, and the fame (hall be made Reca of fuch General or Quarter Seffions, and Copies thereof (hall fri thence be tranfmitted figned by the Perfon prodding at fuch Gene or Quarter Seffions to the Court or Courts out of which Procefs 1| iflued againft fuch Debtors or others, to be a Record of fuch Coi or Courts, and kept among the Records thereof; and all Ena ments, Provi(ions, Directions, Powers, Authorities, Pains, Penalty Liabilities, Benefits, Advantages and Protections or Indemnities the faid Ads or either of them contained, applicable to any Matter Thing to be done before any Judge of Affize or by any Perlbn in o\ dience to any Order made, the Authority of the (aid Ads or eith of them, or othervrife under or in purfuance of any Provifions in t! faid ACts or either of them contained, (hall be and the fame 2 hereby declared refpedively to extend to and comprehend and be a plicable to all like Matters and Things by this Ad authorized to 1 done before any fiich Juftices fo aftembled in fuch General or Quart! Seffions, or by any Perfon in obedience to any Order or Orders ma< under the Authority of this Ad or otherwife^ under or in pu 11	iuaiM



A.D.iti2.

* *5

52* GEO. m.

C-34. 35-

/sauce of any Provision thereof, or authorized to be done by virtue thereof, in as full and ample a manner as if aH and every the Ckufes and Provisions in the laid recited A&s or either of them contained, touching every Matter and Thing which might be done under the laid recited Ads or either of them, had been fully and diftin&Iy tv-waded and fet forth in this Ad, with apt Words to make them Part of and applicable to this Ad.

1	* IL And whereas by an Ad palled in the Thirty fecond Year of 3*	*•	c-

*	the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An A3 for thi Re- * a4#

*	hef of Debtors with refpeS to the Imprifonmcnt of their Ptrfons, and 4 to obBgt Debtors whojhall continue in Execution in Prifim beyond a 4 certain Time* and for Sums not exceeding <what are mentioned in the 4 A8, to make Difcoroery of and deliver upon Oath their EJlates for their

*	Creditors9 Benefit, it is, amongft other things, provided, that no

0	PerSbn or Perions who had then taken or Should thereafter take the 4 Benefit of any Ad for the Relief of Inlolvent Debtors, Should

*	lave or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Ad, or 4 he deemed to be within the Meaning thereof, So as to gain any i* D&barge, unlefs compelled by any Creditor to difcover and deliver

*	up ha or her Eftate and EfFe&s: And whereas it is expedient that

*	the Said recited Provisions in the faid Ad (hould be repealed Be

it eaaded by the Authority aforefaid, That the Same Shall be and is r*p*a)ed« hereby repealed.

CAP. XXXV.

Ad to prohibit all Intercourfe between t\\e Ifland of Jamaica

1	and certain Parts of the Ifland of Saint Domingo.

i	[20th	April 1812.]

*	WHEREAS it is expedient that all Intercourfe between the 4 W Ifland of Jamaica and certain Parts and Places of the 14 Ifbnd of Saint Domingo Should ceafe and determineBe itenaded hr the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and safest of the .Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in lbs prefcnt Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

Tint, horn and after the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, no Britijh Ship or Veflel Shall, for any Purpofe Ur under any Pretence whatever, Sad from any Port or Place in the Iflmd of Jamaica to any Port or Place in the lflaod of Scant Do• miugo, nor from any Port or Place in the Ifland of Saint Domingo to my ton, or Place in the Ifland of Jamaica, except 88 is hereinafter waded, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of any Such Ship or •Vtfid, together with her Cargo, Guns, Furniture, Ammunition,

Ththkaod Apparel.

IL Asd be it further enadcd, That no Foreign Ship or Veflel, whether laden or in Ballafl, Shall come into any Port in the Ifland of hmeka, if fucb Ship or Veflel Shall have come from, or Shall in the CmrSe of her Voyage have touched at any Port or Place m the Ifland of Sant Domingo ; and if any fucli Foreign Ship or Veflel fliall land my Pevibo from on board the Same, or Shall continue in any Port or Hahoar of the (aid Ifland of Jamaica, for Forty eight Hours after MstkefhaU be given by the principal Officer of the Cuftoma resident *the Port to depart therefrom, fuch Foreign Ship or Veflel Shall

I a	bt

Intercourfe be. tween Jamaica

and StJDominga prohibited.

Exception.

Ptnaky

Hew long Foreign Vefleli. having touched at StDomiago fuffered to remain in Porta of Jamaica.

Penalty.



tl&

FrovHb for that Part of St.Do-ming«> under Spani(h Gt>-verument;

And for Hit Majesty's Ship* •f War.

Veflel*, fcc. lw-ble to Forfeiture, may be feized by any Cotr minder of His Majesty*s Ships of War, itc. and may be fued for in manner d^retfed by 49 G. 3. c. 107.

How Forfeiture* difpofed of.

4 0.3- c. 15-

Proof on Owner.

G.3J.	$*°GE0.IIT.	A.D.1S11

be forfeited, together with her Cargo, Guns, Furniture, Arams nition, Tackle and Apparel.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That notbingi this Aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to tl prohibiting of any Intercourse which may be carried on by any La or Laws now in force between the faid Ifland of Jamaica and an Port or Place in the faid Ifland of Saint Domingo, which now i* 1 (hall be in the Pofleflion of, and under the Dominion of the fyttj Government, while the fame (hall continue in and under fuch rofii fion and Dominion.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing inti Aft contained Shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevents of His Majesty's Ships or Vefiels of War from failing from any Pa or Place in the faid Ifland of Jamaica to any Port or Place in t! faid Ifland of Saint Domingo, nor from any Port or Place in the fa Ifland of Saint Domingo, to any Port or Place in the faid Ifland Jamaica.

V.	And be it further enafted. That all Ships, Veflels and Gooc liable to Forfeiture under the Proviflons of tnis Aft, (hall and mi be feized by the Commander of any of His Majesty’s Ships or Veff< of War, or any Commi(Boned, Warrant or Petty Officer by hi fpecially authorized, or by any Officer of His Maiefty’s Cuftoni and fhall and may be fued for and profecuted, in fpcu and the lil manner, and by the fame Ways and Means, and fubieft to the lil Rules and Direftions, as any Forfeitures incurred in the Britijb Col nies or Plantations in America, by force of any Aft of Parliame relating to the Trade and Revenues of the faid Colonies or Plan! tions, may now be fued for and profecuted in purfuance of an A pa{Ted in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeft intituled An Ad for the more ejfcBual Recovery of Penalties and Fc feitures incurred in the Britirn Colonics and Plantations in Amend and fuch Ships, VefTels and Goods, fhall be lodged and depofited the Cuftody of the Officers mentioned in the faid Aft, and fhall i fubjeft to the other Proviflons thereof, in like manner as if the fat were herein repeated ; and the Commanders or Officers of any Shi or VefTels of War, and the Officers of the Cuftoms, in making a| profecuting any fuch Seizures, fhall have the Benefit of all the Pi vifions made by any Aft of Parliament for the Proteftion of Offic* feizing and profecuting any Ships, VefTels or Goods, for any Offcn again ft any Aft of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues the Britijb Colonies or Plantations in America.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the Forfeitures incurred i this Aft fhall go and belong to fuch Perfon and Perfons, and in fu< Shares and Proportions as any Forfeitures incurred in the Brb\ Colonies or Plantations in America now go and belong to, and mi now be distributed and applied under and by virtue of a certain A& Parliament made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His prefei Majesty, for granting certain Duties in the Britijb Colonies aua Pk tations in America, and for other Purpofes.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Ship or Veffcl, < any Goods laden thereon, fhall be feized under the Provifions ©f th Aft, and any Difputc fhall arife whether the faid Ship or Veflel ha failed, or the Goods laden thereon had been brought from any Port* Place in the Ifland of Jamaica to any Port or Place in the Ifland 1

Sai



52° GEO. ra.

C.35,36.

117

Saha Domingo, or from any Port or Place in the Ifhrnd of Saint Domingo to any Port or Place in the I Hand of Jamaica, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, in fuch cafe the Proof thereof dull he upon the Owner or Claimer of fuch Ship or Veflel or Goods, and not upon the Officer .who (hall feize or Hop the fame 5 and in cafe no fumcient Proof /hall be given by the Owner or Claimer -offach Ship or VefTel, or the Goods laden thereon, of the Port or Pbce from and to which fuch Goods had been brought and fuch Ship or Veiy did really and bona Jide fail, then fuch Ship or Veflel (hall, without any further Proceeding, be taken and held to have failed, and the Goods laden thereon /l^all be taken and held to have been brought from one of the faid Iflands to the other, contrary to the Provi/ions of this Ad; any JLaw, Cuftom or Ufage, in any of the Colonies or ^flaotations to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

► VJIL And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Ships or Veflels, ^ wry Goods whatever, (hall be feized as forfeited by virtue or in poduance of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful for the Comraif-iooert of the Cuftoms in England, or any Four or more of them, on J&bnce being given to their Satisfaftion that the Forfeiture arofe '^without any fraudulent Proceeding, or Delign or Intention of Fraud 1 jpthe Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Ships or Veflels or Goods, hy any Writing (igoed by them, or any Four of them, to order the ■woe to be reftored to fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, in fuch manner sad on fuch Terms and Conditions as under the circumflances of the cafe /hall appear to the faid Commiflioners to be juft and reafonable, jjktd as they (hall think fit to direft ; and if the faid Proprietor or mupnetors (hall comply with the Terms and Conditions prefcribed by pbe (aid Commiflioners, the fame /hall be reftored accordingly 4 and p dull not be lawful for the Officer or Officers who (hall have feized inch Ships, Veffels or Goods, or any other Perfon or Perfons what-|twr an his or their Behalf, to proceed in any manner for the Condem-thereof; but if fuch Proprietor or Proprietors /hall not comply *fch the Terms and Conditions prefcribed by the faid Commil-^iosRi, fuch Officer or Officers /hall be at Liberty, and he and they rfcaad are hereby authorized to proceed for the Condemnation of fuch tafcipt or Veflels, or Goods, as if this Law had not been made : Pro-lUided always, that if fuch Proprietor or Proprietors (hall accept the iTenns and Conditions prefcribed by the faid Commiflioners, fuch rPtoprietor or Proprietors (hall not Have or be entitled to any Recommence or Damages on account of the Seizure or Detention of fuch Ships or Veflels or Goods, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the fame; any Law, C.uftom or Ufage, to the contrary notwith-fasfing.

Commiflioners of Cuftoms may reft ore Forfeiture on Conditions, if proved that it was incurred without fraudur lent Defign.

Proven,

CAP. XXXVI.

An Aft for granting additional Duties on Mahogany not imported from the Bay of Honduras, and for reducing the Duties on certain Species of Wood imported from the faid Bay.

[20th April 1812.}

4 TJTTHEREAS it is expedient that additional Duties of Cuftoms 4 W (hould be impofed upon Mahogany not imported direftly 4 from Bermuda, or from any of the rtahama Iflands, or not imported 4 dprtdly from the Bay of Honduras, and on any Mahogany being

I 3	4	the



C. 3

5 a6 GEO. III.

A.D. 181

Additional Duty on Mahogany herein dcfcnbed:

To be <ecured by Bond.

43 0.3. c.13*.

War Duty payable Six Months after Ratification of Definitive Treaty.

Duty paid on Mahogany taken out of Warehouse after July s» i8n, although imported before that Day.

How Duties levied.

tJnmanufa&ored Wood imported from Bay of

Honduras to pay

* the Growth of any other Country or Place ;* Be it therefore enadi by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice ai Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tk prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Th from and after the Fifth. Day of July One thoufand eight hundn and twelve, there fhall be raifed, levied, collected and paid unto H Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, the feveral additional permanei and temporary or War Duties of Cuftoms on Mahogany imported ini Great Britain, not being imported dire&ly from Bermuda, or froi any of the Bahama Hlands, or not imported direCtly from the Ba of Honduras, and on any Mahogany being the Growth of any othc Country or Place, as the fame are refpeCtively inferted, deferibed an fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A..).

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That the additional Duties hereb1 impofed may be fecured by Bond under the Regulations of an Ac paffed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty intituled An A3 for permitting certain Hoods imported into Orea Britain, to be fecured in Warehoufesy without Payment of Duty.

III.	And be it further enaCted, That fo much of the faid addi tioual Duties of Cuftoms hereby impofed, as fall under the Title oi Defcription of Temporary or War Duties, (hall be paid and payabh during the Continuance of the prefent War, and for Six Month] after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That the laid additional Duties of Cuftoms (hall be charged and payable on any Ma-hogany enumerated or deferibed in the laid Table hereunto annexed marked (A.), which having been warehoufed or otherwife fecured under the Authority of any ACt of Parliament, without Payment of Duty, (hall be taken out of any fuch Warehoufe or Place where the fame (hall have been lodged or fecured for the Purpofe of being ufed or confumed in Great Britain, after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, notwithftanding fuch Mahogany may have been imported into Great Britain before the faid Fiftii Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That the faid additional Duties of Cuftoms hereby impofed (hall be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid and recovered, in fuch and the like manner and by the fame Means, Ways and Methods as any Duties of Cuftoms of a like Nature are managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid and recovered, and under and fubjeCt to the feveral Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, ReftriCtions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines or Forfeitures for any Offence whatever committed againft or in Breach of any Aft or ACts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the palling of this ACt, made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation and improvement thereof; and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Directions therein contained, (ball be in full Force and EffeCt as to the faid Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if they were at large repeated and reloaded in this Ad.

VI.	And whereas it is expedient that the Duties of Cuftoms pay-able on certain unmanufactured Wood imported into Great Britain, dire&ly from the Bay of Honduras, (hould be lowered; Be it therefore



Google

AJLiSii.

52»G5aiJL

0.35,37.



ended. That, from and after the Fifth Day of Julg Qne thou- fame Dury « Vt hundred and twelve, any unman ufa&ured Wood not being ■It enumerated ox defcribed, and on whjjph the Duties of c^ooie°i. mi due on the Importation are payable according to the Value thcm( being of the Growth and Production of the Briti/i Limits nahii the Province of Tucatan in the Bav of Honduras* (hall and may be imported into Great Britain dire£Uy from the faid Bay, on Pay-meat of inch and the like Duties only as are due and payable on un-jnwfWhnrd Wood of the like Description of the Growth and Pro-da$k» of the Britifb Colonies or Plantations in America j any Law,

Ctfog or Ufage to the contrary uo twit branding.

VIL And be it further enadted, That all ponies arifing from How duty time to time from fuch of the faid Duties hereby impofed (the necef- applied, hry Charges of railing and accounting for the fame refpe&ively excepted) (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Mjnety’ft Exchequer at Wejlminfter* and (hall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the Duties impofed by an Ad pafled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, mtknfcd An AS for repealing the feveral Duties of Cujloms chargeable 49 O. $. c. 98. m Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof* are rdpedively directed to be appropriated and applied.

TABLE to whicK this A & refers. TABLE (A.)

A Table of additional Duties of Cuftoms payab)c ob Mahogany imported into Great Britain.	Permanent  Duty.	Temporary or War Duty.
Mahogany not imported diredly*] horn Bermuda or from any of the Bahama I Hands, or not imported dire&ly from the Bay of Honduras, or being the Growth of1 any other Country or Place, the Ton,containing Twenty Hundred Wright J	* t.  top	£ t. d.  P * 3 4

CAP. XXXVII.

An Aft for fettling and fecuring a certain Annuity on Eari WeBmgton and the Two next Perfons to whom the Title of Eari Wellington ihall defcend, in Consideration of his eminent' Smites.	[20th	April	1812.]

( Moft Gracious Sovereign,

‘ YI7HEREAS Your Majesty, by Your mod; Gracious Meffage 1 W to the Houle of Commons, has been pleafed to declare 4 tint Your Majeftr, having tafceo into Your Royal Consideration the (omest apd fignal Serversperformed by General Lord Vilqount 1 Htfapon m the Couffc pf a	5^9its



Google

1*0

A.D.iSr

jo G.$. Ci8*

Annuity of a.oool. granted in Additfoa to that under JO G. 3. c. 8.

Pay a We Quarterly.

Debenture* vn'xfe forth at Exchequer for Payment.

C.37.	5a*	GEO.	III.

*	in the Campaigns in Spain and Portugal\ and being defirous to roa

*	the Senfe You entertain of Services fo honorable to the Brit 4 Arms, and fo eminently beneficial to the Interefts of the Natio

*	have conferred upon General Lord Vifcount Wellington and t 4 Heirs Male of his Body the Rank and Dignity of an Karl of t 4 United Kingdom, by the Name, Stile and Title of Earl WelRngfo 4 and Your Majefly being further defirous of granting to the Earl 4 Wellington a Net Annuity of Two thoufand Pounds, in additi 4 to the Annuity already granted by Parliament, and fubjed to t

*	fame Limitations impofea in that Grant, recommended it to yo 4 faithful Commons to enable His Majefly to grant and fettle fu 4 Annuity, and to make fuch further Provifion as aforefaid, as m 4 be thought mofl effedual for the Benefit of General the Earl 4 Wellington and his Family ;* We, Your Majefly’s moil dutiful a loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in P liament afiembled, duly confidering Your Majefly’s Mofl gracic Intention, $0 mofl humbly befeecn Your Majefly that it fcnay enabled 5 and be it enaded by the King’s Mofl Excellent Majefl by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tn poral, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and 1 the Authority of the fame, That in Addition to the Annuity alreai granted to the faid Earl, then Vifcount Wellington, by an A (El pifl in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His pfefent Majefly, intituled v Jiff for fettling and fecuring a certain Annuity on Vifcount Weilingtc and the Two next Perfons on whom the Title of Vifcount Welling*

Jhall defeend, in Conjideration of hit eminent Services, one other A nuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thoufand Pounds of lawf Money of Great Britain, fhall be ifluing and payable out of 11 charged and chargeable upon the Confolidated Fund of Great Brito\ (after paying or referviog fufficient to pay all fuch Sum and Sums Money as have been direded by any former Ad or Ads of Parliame to be paid out of the fame) but with Preference to all other Pq meats which fhall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable 0 of the faid Fund, and the fame fliall from time to time be paidQiu terly, free and clear of all Taxes and Dedudions whatfoever, Manner and Form following; that is to fay, to the faid Earl If ling ton, for and during the natural Life of the faid Earl WelltngH and from and after his Deceafe, unto the Two next fucceeding He Male of the Body of the faid Earl Wellington, on whom the Tit) Honour and Dignity of Earl Wellington fhall defeend, for and durii their natural Lives 5 which faid Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum fill commence and take Effed from the Fifth Day of January Ol thoufand eight hundred and twelve ; the Firfl Payment to be col puted from the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundr and twelve, until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundq and twelve; and from thenceforth fhall be paid and payable at tl Four ufual Days of Payment in the faid Year; that is to fay, tl Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of OBobcr, the Fifth Dayj January, and the Fifth Day of April, in each and every Year^ even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enaded, That it fhall and may lawful to and for the Commifiioners of His Majefly’s Treafury I being, and the High Trcafurer and Under Treafurer of the I chequer, and Commifiioners of the Treafury for the time being,

tl

v^,ooQle

AD. 1812.

in

ja’GEO.ni.

C-37-

are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hawds, to dired the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now wad for the time being, to make forth and pafs Debeiftures from rime to time for paying the faid Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two tboufand Pounds, in mauner as aforefaid ; and as the lame (hall irwa time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken tor paying the fame or any Part ikereof; which (aid Warrant and the Debentures to be made forth md pafScd thereupon (hall be a fufficient Authority to the feveral and refpe&rvt Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the faid Annuity or yearly Rent or Sam to the hid Earl Wellington, and the Two next fucceeding Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Earl Wellington, at the relpedive Quarterly Feift Days in this Ad before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that Behalf.

IIL And it is hereby further enaded, That after figning of fuch Annuity not Warrant the fame (hall be good, valid and effedual in Law, according d«termwable. to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Ad, and fhaU ■ot be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demile of His Mweiy (whom God long preferve), or of any of His Heirs or Suc-reflor5, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the faid Com-ndEtonert of the Treafury or the Lord High Trealuer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That the Commiffioners of the No Facto be Treafury now being, and the High Treafurer of the Treafury for the *"•

time being. Chancellor and Under Treafurer, Chamberlain and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Miniftera of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof now and for the tine being, (hall and they are hereby authorized and ftridly enjoined aad required to do, without Fee or Reward, all fuch Ads, Matters ad Things as are hereinbefore direded and required, or (hall be ne-ceStrj to be done and performed by them or any or either of them, in order to render this Ad and the feveral Payments hereby direded, dfedual

V.	And be it further enaded. That the Acquittance or Acquit- Acquittance of

tances, Receipt or Receipts of the faid Earl Wellington, and	,	gtoa

Two next fucceeding Heirs Male of the Body of the laid Earl Wei-

Eagton on whom the faid Title (hall defeend, (hall be a good and (efficient Difcharge for the Payment of the faid Annuity or yearly Sum without any further or other Warrant to be fued for or obtained in that Behalf 5 and that the faid Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, aad wry Part thereof, (hail be free and clear from all Taxes, Im. pofitioas and other Charges whatfoever; and in cafe any of the Officmof the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer (hall refufe or regkdto pay the faid Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, or to do any Ad necefiary to enable the faid Earl Wellington and the Two next fucceeding Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Earl Wei-lugtto 00 whom the faid Title, Honour and Dignity of Earl Welling• tn Hull defend, to receive the fame, then the faid Earl Wellington, aad t.ie Two next fucceeding Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Earl t 00 whom the laid Title (hall defeend, may from time to

•	CjOO^Ic

Annuity not be aliened.

Provision

48 G.3. C.tll.

49 G.3.C.4©.

c.37,38.	52° geo. ui.

time fuc, profectite and implead Inch Officers or any of them, tkj Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, by Bill, Plaint or Acboa < Debt, and (hall and may recover Judgment and fue out Executing thereupon againil fuch Officers refpeftively, their Heirs, Execute or Adminiftrators, for fo much of (uch Sum 9f Sums of Money the due aod owing- upon the faid Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or q Part thereof, as (hall have been in the Hands of the Officer or 01 cere of the Receipt of the Exchequer at the time or times wba Demands (hall have been legally made of the Payment of the fcj Annuity, yearly Rent, or Sum, or any Part thereof as afordaid, c for the Refuial or Negleft to do any Aft neceflary to be done by iuc Officer or Officers refpeftively.

VI.	And be it further eeafted. That tne faid Annuity, yearly Real or Sum of Two thaufand Pounds, (ball be and the fame is by ffi Aft veiled in the (aid Earl Wellington* and the Two next fucceedttj Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Earl Wellington to whom th faid Title, Honour and Dignity of Earl Wellington dull defeend; an the fame or any Part thereof (hall not at any time or times hereaftt be aliened, conveyed, difpofed, charged or encumbered by the hi Earl Wellington or by either of the Two next fucceeding Heirs Md of the Body of the laid Earl Wellington on whom the laid Title (ha] defeend, for any'' greater or larger Eflate or Times than during th natural Life of the Perfon fo aliening, conveying, difpofing, chugioj or encumbering the fame, fo as to prevent the fame from defeendiaj to the next or fucceeding Heir Male of the Body of the (aid £al Wellington to whom the faid Title of Earl Wellington (hall defend according to the Limitation aforefaid.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Aft for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia ii

England.	[20th April	1812.

*■ TTFHEREAS the Local Militia, as by Law edablifhed, hi < VY been found of the utmoft Importance to the internal Defeno

*	of this Realm : And whereas it is neceflary, in the prefent Circum ‘ (lances of Europe, that the faid Force (hould be permanently main ‘ tained; And whereas the Laws now in force for regulating tb<

*	Local Muitia require Amendment; and it is expedient that fomc oi 4 the Provifions contained in the feveral Afts relating to the fame

*	(hould be repealed, and others of them continued and amended, aw| 4 that new Provihons (hould be made; and it would greatly tend totb^

*	better Execution thereof if the Whole of the faid Provifions weri

*	comprized in One Aft of Parliament: And whereas it is neceflary c for the Purpofes aforefaid, that certain Afts and Parts of Afts novr 4 in force (hould be repealedBe it therefore enafted by the King’ll Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of toe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, aod Commons, in this prefent Parliament a{Ten»bledf and by the Authority of the fame. That an Ad* palled in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 for enabling His Majesty to ejlabljfh a permanent Low Militia Force, wider certain Rejlri3ions,for the Vefence of the Realm; and alfo Three feveral Afts, pafled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, relating to the Local Militia, the odc intituled An A3 to amend and render more effeSual an 4&> Mf**,B

the



D.i8i2.

52* GEO. III.

C. 38.

,23

Ljl Se/Jton of Parliament, for enabling His Majejly to ejlablijh a moment Local Militia Force, under certain ReJlri8ionsy for the De-

of the Realm ; the other intituled An A8 to amend fever al Ads ^ c. 82. in the lajl and prefent SeJJions of Parliamenty relating to the Local i:id; and the other intituled An A3 to prevent the enlijiing of q c.120 Militia Men into the Regular Militia of any other County or iriry than the County or Stewartry to which they belong ; and and alfo fo much m . ,of another Aft, paflcd in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of 50 G. 5. e. 35. ::' j pre:	t Majesty, intituled An A 8 to amend fever al A8s relating a* relate* to

e Local Militia of Great Britain, as relates to the Local Militia, 1-ocal Militia, and the fame are hereby repealed; and that the Local Mi-railed by virtue of the faid Aft of the Forty eighth Year afore- n<^oaffeft lhali, rrom and after the palling of this Aft, be fubjeft to all the Commiffioni# non and Regulations thereof: Provided always, that the re--Uag of the faid feveral Afts hereby repealed, or any or either of iJl not affeft any Commiffion already granted under or by -i- of the faid Afts, or any or either of them, but that ail fuch ■ or.-s to whom any fuch Commiffions (hall have been granted, fhall : may act in the Execution of this Aft, in like manner as they it have afted in the Execution of the faid former Afts, or any :r of them : Provided alfo, that fo many of the Serjeants, Cor- Militi* di. Drummers and private Local Militia Men as are now ferving now ^ i.ie feveral Counties, Ridings and Places aforefaid, fhall be liable continue to ferve _oriiinue to ferve in the fame Manner and for the fame Length of as if Aft had taey ought to have ferved if this Aft had not been made, and not becn roade*

11 be liable and fubjeft to the fame Penalties, Pains, Fines and rfeitures for any Offence which they may have refpeftively com-* tied previous to the palling of this Aft, in the fame manner as if 1 Offence had not been committed till after the paffing of this Aft ;

I from tune to time, in every cafe where it (hall beneceflary to fup-Deficiency in the Number of private Local Militia Men of any -ty. Riding or Place, the Man or Number of Men required to ; y foch Deficiency (hall be raifed, provided and enrolled, and fhall i ra the manner and for the time direfted by and under and ac-rding to the Provifions, Rules and Regulations of this Aft.

And be it further enafted, That the feveral Lieutenants of Coun- Lieutenants , in the Abfence of the Lieutenant, the Vice Lieutenant or any fhall appoint Deputy Lieutenants duly authorized by His Majesty, fhall Officers, full Power and Authority, and are hereby required from time to to conftituie and appoint fuch Perfons as they fhall think *fit9 g qualified as hereinafter is direfted, and living within their re-; vc Counties, Ridings and Places, or within fome adjacent Coun-R dings or Places, to be Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors . r tv r Officers, qualified as hereinafter direfted, to train, difeipline - ccmiraud the Perfons to be fo armed and arrayed according to the - % Orders and Directions hereinafter mentioned, and fhall certify His Maj lly the Names and Ranks of all fuch Officers fo to be 1 ^ted; and in cafe his Majesty fhall, within Fourteen Days after Certificate (hall have been laid before Him, fignify His Difappro-of any of the Perfons fo to be appointed, it fhall not be lawful 1 .e faid Lieutenants to grant a Commiffion to any Perfon fo dif-• ed, but Commiffions (ball be granted to all fuch Perfons who not be difapproved by His Majesty ; and the Officers fo appointed be Xocal Militia, to be armed and arrayed as hereinafter direfted.

fhall



Google

AJD.iSi

C.38.

52® GEO. III.

Rank in Local Militia of Officers who have ferved in

elementary Militia.

(hall rank with the Officers of His Majesty’s Regular Milim Rank cf Officers, youngeft of their Rank : Provided always, that no higher Rank 11 be given in any Regiment of Local Militia than that of Lieutea Colonel Commandant, except in Cafes where the Commandant fl have ferved with the Rank of Colonel in His Majesty’s Reg! Forces, or Regular or Supplementary Militia or Fencibles, or be Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of any County, lieutenant	IIL	And be it further enaded, That all Officers of Local Mil

Colonels Com- holding the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, (hall ti 10 com~ Rank of and command all other Lieutenant Colonels ferving io CoLnebUlenant Local Militia, notwithftanding the Commiffion9 of the I Lieutenant Colonels (hould be of a prior Date to the Commifi of fuch Lieutenant Colonels Commandant 5 and that Officers of Local Militia (hall rank with the Officers of Yeomanry and Voluri Corps, according to the Dates of their refpedive Commiflions: I vided always, That every Officer of Local Militia, who (hall h held any Commiffion in any Volunteer Coras at the time of his coming an Officer of the Local Militia, (hall be entitled to rank 1 the Officers of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, according to Date of his Commiffion of the fame Rank in theVolunteers.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That any Po who (hall have held the Rank of Colonel of any Regiment or 1

nave tervea 1 ta^on Regular or Supplementary Militia, and who may be Regular^cM^Sup- pointed to the Command of any Regiment or Battalion of h '	Militia to be raifed by virtue of this Ad, (hall rank as Colo

according to the Date of his Commiffion, in the Local Militia; every Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of any County, as long as (hall continue to ad as fuch, who (hall be appointed to the Comm of any Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia as aforefaid, (hall n as Colonel, according to the Date of hit Commiffion in the h Militia $ and every Perfon who (hall have ferved in the Regxilai Supplementary Militia as a Commiffioned Officer, and by reafot the Rcdudion of fuch Militia (hall have ceafed to hold fuch Ra (hall, if appointed to a like Commiffion in the Local Militia, r according to tbe Date of his firft Commiffion: Provided alw that no Officer holding the Rank of Colonel in the Local Mil (hall be entitled to or receive any greater Pay or Emolument thau 1 of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant.

V.	And be it further enaded. That no Commiffion of any Off in the Local Militia, already granted or to be granted by aoy L tenant or Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, (hall be vacJ by reafon of the Revocation, Expiration or Difcontinuance of Commiffion by which any fuch Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant Deputy Lieutenants as aforefaid was or were appointed.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That the Lieutenant of ci have Chief Com- County, Riding or Place, (hall have the Chief Command of

k***1 Docal Militia within the County, Riding or Place, to which b 1 ,u*	appointed.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That all Perfons to be pointed Officers of the Local Militia, in purfuance of this & (hall be qualified as follows; that is to fay, every Perfon to be pointed a Lieutenant Colonel (hall be feifed or poftefled eithei Law or Equity for his own Ufe and Benefit in Pofleffion of a Ft

2k

Commiffion* net revoked by Re« vocation of Power of Grantor.

Lieutenant to

Qualifications of Officer*



Google



i *S

J2° geo. in.

C. 3I

9	Copyhold or Cuftomafy Eftate for Life, or for the Life of his e, flie having a Freehold, Copyhold or Cuftomary Eftate for or for fome greater Eftate, or of an Eftate for fome long 9 of Years, determinable on One or more Life or Lives, in No, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and .Hereditaments, in Env-t Waits or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly fee of Six hundred Pounds, or (hall be Heir Apparent of fome |pft who (hall in like manner be feifed or poffefled of a like Eftate of the yearly Value of One thoufand two hundred : and every Perfon fo to be appointed a Major, fhall in like (tor be feifed or pofTefTed of a like Eftate as aforefaid of the dj Valoe of Four hundred Pounds, or fhall be Heir Apparent of F Perfon who fhall in like manner be feifed or pofTefTed of a like Ms aforefaid of the yearly Value of Eight hundred Pounds;

Perfon fo to be appointed a Captain, fhall in like manner be pfleffed of a like Eftate as aforefaid of the yearly Value of aud fifty Pounds, or fhall be Heir Apparent of fome • fhall in like manner be feifed or pofTefTed of a like Eftate of the yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds, or fhall j&fDmkger Son of fome Perfon who fhall be, or at the time of jpfatth was in like manner feifed orpoflefled of a like Eftate as Aid of the yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds, or fhall him-be poffefled of Real or Perfonal Property to the Amount in the rfe of Two thoufand five hundred Pounds ; and every Perfon fo ^appointed Lieutenant fhall in like manner be feifed or pofTefTed iJflae Eftate as aforefaid of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds,

^aB be poffefled of a Perfonal Eftate alone to the Amount of pn hundred and fifty Pounds, or feifed or pofTefTed of Real and find Eftate together to the Amount or Value of One thoufand Jmadred Pounds, or fhall be Son of fome Perfon who fhall be ■ time of his Death was in like manner feifed or pofTefTed of a *e as aforefaid of the yearly Value of Sixty Pounds, or t be or who at the time of his Death was pofTefTed of a 1 Eftate alone to the Amount of One thoufand five hundred or feifed or poffeffed of Real and Perfonal Eftate together Amount or Value of Two thoufand Pounds ; and that every k fo to be appointed an Enfign, fhall in like manner be feifed or of a like Eftate as aforefaid of the yearly Value of Twenty pris, or fhall be poffeffed of a Perfonal Eftate alone to the of Four hundred Pounds, or feifed or pofTefTed of Real al Eftate together to the Amount or Value of Eight hun-or fhall be Son of fome Perfon who fhall be or at the f ids Death was in like manner feifed or poffeffed of a like i aforefaid of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or who or who at the time of his Death was pofTefTed of a Per-i alone to the Amount of Eight hundred Pounds, or feifed I of Real and Perfonal Eftate together to the Amount or ► of One thoufand two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that Provfc who fhall have held any Commiflion in His Majesty’s Army, or in the Regular or Supplementary Militia, or in Regiment, or who fhall have transferred himfelf toge-khis Corps or any Part thereof, from the Volunteers into 1 Militia with His Majesty’s Approbation, fhall be eligible qualified to hold the lame Rank in the Local Mmtia,

although



i a 6

C. 38*

5a0 GEO. III.

A.D. 18

Leafet for Live* of 3coLper Ann. deemed equal to Qualification hereinbefore required of iool. per Ann. and fo proportionally.

Effetes granted for »0 Yean, of an annual Value equal to Value of Eftites required for Qualifications fufficient.

although not qualified as hereinbefore direded; any thing m this to the contrary notwithftandtng.

VIII.	Provided always, and be k further enaded, That tbeia diate Reverfion or Remainder of and in Manors, Meffuages, La Tenements or Hereditaments, which ave leafed for One Life, 01 Two or Three Lives, or for any Term of Years determinable 1 the Death of One Life, or of Two or Three Lives, on referred R< and which are to the Lcflee or Letters of the dear yearly Vah Three hundred Pounds, (hall be deemed equal to an Eftate bet before required as a Qualification of the early Value of One how Pounds, and fo in Proportion to the feveral other Qualificadon quired by this Ad.

IX.	And be k further enaded, That a Perfon poffefled ia Lai Equity, for his own Ufe and Benefit in Pofleffion, of an Effete a certain Term originally granted for Twenty Years or more, a annual Value (over and above all Rents and Charges payable out i in refped of the fame), equal to the Value of fuch an Eftate required for the Qualification of a Commiffioned Officer of tbe L Militia refpedively, and fituate as aforefaid, (hall be, and is h« deemed and declared to be fufficiently qualified to ad in the Ei tion of this Ad.

X.	And be it further enaded, That no Perfon (hail bereifte appointed to a higher Rank in the Local Militia than that of Lk

**im Vrr*' nant> unt»I ^ A™ have delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace of delivered to °n County, Riding or Place, for which he (hall be appointed, or (is Abfence of the Clerk of the Peace) to his Deputy, a fpecific icription in Writing, figned by himfcif, of his Qualification, tfe the Parifh or Parifhes m which the Eftate or Eftates which for* Qualification, is or are fituate, if the fame be a Real Eftate; 0 the fame be a Perfonal Property, then of the Particulars of 1 Perfonal Property; or if the Qualification arife from Service it Majesty’s Regular Forces, Regular or Supplementary Militia Fencibles, or Volunteers as aforefaid, then of the Particulars of I Service; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy fhall tranl to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place, a Copy of 1 Description ; and no Commiffion granted after the paffing of this J for a higher Rank in the Local Militia than that of Lienten fhall be valid, unlefs it be declared in tbe Commiffion that tbe Oft to whom the Commiffion is given hath delivered in his Qualifies] as above direded.

XI. And be it further enaded, That the Clerk of die Peace every County, Riding and Place, (ball, and he is hereby required enter the Qualifications tranfmitted to him, according to the Du

No Officer fu-perior to a Sub-

Clerk of the Peace who (hall tranfmit Copy to County lieutenant.

Clerk of the Peace to enter

Qualifications

upon a Roll, and tjong thj8 ^d, upon a Roll to be provided and kept for t

m mfrrr in	n	^	r	.	.	.	..	 f	.	.	_	*	.	_

to infert in Gazette Dates of Commiffions, Jkc. and tranfmit

Purpofe, and to caufeto be inferted in The London Gazette tbe Di of the Commiffions, and Names and Rank of the Officers, toget with the Names of the Officers in whole Room they are appoint

every January to in like manner as Commiffions in the Army are pubtifbed from the Vi

Secretaiy of State. Certificate of Qualifications So be laid be lore Parliament.

Office ; and he is hereby authorized to charge the Expence of ft Infertion in the Gazette for each Commiffion to the Treafwer the County, Riding or Place, who is hereby direded to pay tbe fast and the faid Clerk of the Peace or bis Deputy fhall, in the Month January in every Year, tranfrnit to One of His Majesty’s Princij Secretaries of State a Certificate in the Form in Schedule (A.) tfa

t!



AD. i$14.

fftOBaOL

C.38.

I27

bfe been fo left with him ; and every Com mi f-iOfecer, not having already taken and fubfcribed the Oaths, and toa6ty related and fubtctibtd the Declaration, as required by this A&, (fall, at feme General Quarter Seffion of the Peace, or in One dff&M^ftj'sCouitsia^ Record at Wejhn'tmfler, within Six Months sfcer *k paling of this A6k, if he ihafi have been appointed before ***** of this ACt, or if not appointed till after the paling of life Aft, then within Six Mouths after he fhall have accepted his OMaftba, lake the Oaths appointed to be taken by «a A&, pafled fetk ftt Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Firft, btiMbd, A AS far the farther Security of Ait Majesty’s Perfon and 1 G.i.Staix Geoetumot, and (he Sitccafion of the Grown in the Heirs of the late c*x3*

Pdoceft Sophia, Prota/hemts ; mod farnttingmfkiag the Hopes of

An fnkoded Prints of Waw, and bis open and fecret Abettors ; ana

lib by « Ad patted in the Thirty f fxth Year of the Reign of His 4 G. 3. c.55.

pda* Majety, intituled jAi ASfar altering the Oath of Abjunstmn, tSu*

mi he dfarante ; send for amending fo roach of an AS of the Seventh

Tdr ef Her late Majefiy Queen Arme, intituled An AS for the Im-

prttneet of the Union of He Two Kingdoms, tu, after the Time therein

mdkd, requires the Delivery of certain Ufa and Copies therein mm-

timed to Pcrfoms rndiBed of High Troafm or M'rfpnpon of Treafon ;

mi fail alk> make, repeat and fubfcribe the Declaration m the find

Ad of the Firft Year of Ring George the Firfl, dire&ed to be made, 1 g. i. Scat, 2.

ftpeatrd and fubfcribed by aU Officers, Ohril and Military.	c. 13.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon fhall execote Perfonsi&inj toy of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Colonels, Lieu- who are unqua-Satart Colonels, or Majors, not being qaalifiedus afarefaad, or without « who brvhg delivered in fach fpectfic Description of his Qualification as is }?*vc	.

krembefete required, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay the Som QVJ[ufiCa"iOB^r A One hundred Pounds; and if any Perfon fhall execute any of the Freer* hereby dire&ed to be executed by Captains, not being qua-fifed as aforefaid, or without having delivered in fuch fpecific Defection of hw Qualification as is hereinbefore required, every fuch ftrfoa Audi forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Moiety Penalty. wkreof'fWl go to the Die of the Perfon who fhall foe for the fame, and m every A&ion, Suit or Information, brought againft any Perfon fcr ading as Cofoael, Lieutenant Colonel, Major or Captain, not king qualified as hereinbefore dire&ed, the Proof of his Qualification Onus probandt till lie upon the Perfon agarbrft whom the fame is brought: Pro- Provifo. tided always, that nothing in this Ad contained fhall re ft rain or

Ct* any Pfeer of the Realm, or Heir Apparent of any fuch Peer, king appointed Or *&ing as a Commiflioned Officer in the Lo-alltthia, within -the County, Riding or Place, wherein fuch f^er, or Heir Apparent of fuch Peer, (hall have fome Place of Refidenoe, dthcngb be may not have the Qualification hereinbefore required ; or to nttge any Peer^of this Realm, or Heir Apparent *)f fuch Peer, wk fhall be appointed a Commiflioned Officer as afore&id, to lovr with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding or Flao* for which he (hall be appointed, any Qualification in Writing a aforefaid.

XHL And be it further ensded, That His Majesty, his Heirs Hb Majcfty may ltd Soccefibrs, may from time to timeus He and they ?fhall think dire& County fit,lgBife His and their Pleafure to His and their Lieutenant of any lieutenants to C<Wy, Riding or Placebo<d»fplace all or any Officers 'in the Local dlfpUce Officers.

Militia;



Google

AJD.rt

rat

Number of Prw race Men.

JnjUni,

C.38.	GEO.	III.

Militia; and thereupon His Majeily’s refpe&ive Lieutenants | forthwith difplace fuch Officers, and appoint others within the S County, Riding or Place, with the like Qualifications, and under fubjedk to the like Provifions and Reft rid 10ns, to ferve in their $n aIV. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for Majesty to order and dired that a Number of private Men not exej ing the Numbers herein fpecified for each Comity refpe&ively, (ha enrolled to ferve in the Local Militia at fuch Periods and in J Counties, and in fuch Proportions in any fucb Counties, Dif$ or Parts thereof, as His Majesty by any Warrant or Warrants ® His Royal Sign Manual (hall fpecify, order and dired, in that Bd according to the Provifions of this Ad; that is to fay. For, County of Bedford One thoufand two hundred and lixty eight; the County of Berks Two thoufand two hundred and forty touri the County of Bucks Two thoufand three hundred and ninety for the County of Cambridge One thoufand nine hundred and taj four; for the County of Cbejlert with the City and County o( City of Chejler, Three thoufand five hundred and forty; for! County of Comwall Two thoufand five hundred and eighty eij for the County of Cumberland Two thoufand four hundred and fo for the County or Derby three thoufand feven hundred and fifty; for the County of Devon, with the City and County of the Exeter, Six thoufand and forty eight > for the County of Dorfet,] the Town and County of the Towa of Pool9 One thoufand fill dred and forty four; for the County of Durham One thoufandj hundred and fixty eight; for the County of EJfem Four thod nine hundred and feventy fix ; for the County of Gloucejler, whl City and County of the City of Gloucejler, and the City and Cq of the City of Briflol, Four thoufand fix hundred and fifty two 5 the County of Hereford Two thoufand and eighty ; for the Counl Hertford One thoufand nine hundred and twenty ; for the Coj of Huntingdon Six hundred and thirty fix ; for the County of J with the City and County of the City oi Canterbury, Five thofl one hundred and eighty four 5 for the County of Lancajler \ thoufand feven hundred and fifty fix ; for the County of Leiccftr j thoufand five hundred and feventy two ; for the County of Lin with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, Five thou four hundred and feventy two 5 for the County of Middlcfex j clufive of the Tower Divifion, commonly called The Tower & lets). Twelve thoufand one hundred and fifty two ; for the Co] of Monmouth One thoufand one hundred and twenty ; for the Coj of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, I thoufand eight hundred and thirty fix ; for the County of Norths ton Two thoufand eight hundred and ninety fix ; for the Coun$ Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of JV cqftle upon Tyne, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy Two thou fix hundred and ninety fix ; for the County of Nottingham, with Town and County of the Town of Nottinghamt Two thoufand hundred and fifty fix 5 for the County of Oxford Two thoufandj hundred and twelve ; for the County of Rutland Three hundred thirty two ; for the County of Salop Three thoufand nine ham and fixty four; for the County of Somerfet Six thoufand two 1 dred and twenty four; for the County of Southampton, with Town and County of the Town of Southampton-, Three thoufand

hand)



A.D.iBi2.

St GEO. III.

c.3a.



hundred; for the County of Sufford, with the City and County of iheQ'Xx of Luhjtflzf, Four thoufand five hundred and thirty two 5 for the County of Suffolk Four thoufand one hundred and fixty eight; for the County of Surrey Five thoufand three hundred and forty four ; for the County of Suffex Three thoufand two hundred and twelve ; for the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, Three thoufand four hundred and twelve 5 for the County of Wtjinsnhmd Nine hundred and feventy two 5 foF the County of Wvtder, with the City and County of the City of Worcejler, Two thoafod four hundred and fixty four; for the County of Wilts, Three tfiodaod fix hundred and fixty eight 5 for the Well Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of Turk, Nine tbott&sd feven hundred and fixteen ; for the North Riding of the faid Coofity Three thoufand fix hundred and forty four ; and for the Eaft Riding of the faid County, with the Town and County of the Town of Kmyfion uf*n Hull, Two thoufand two hundred and fifty fix 5 for the Comity of Anglefea Five hundred and twelve ; for the County Waite of Erulmck Eight hundred and fixteen ; for the County of Cardigan Nine hundred aud feventy fix ; for the County of Carmarthen, with theCoaoty Borough of Carmarthen, One thoufand fix hundred and twenty; for the County of Carnarvon, Five hundred and twelve 5 for the County of Denbigh One thoufand three hundred and feventy ■fix; for the County of Fiint Eight hundred and four ; for the County tiGlfmorgan One thoufand fix hundred and twelve ; for the County #f Merioneth Four hundred aud eighty four; for the County of Jdentgemery One thoufand one hundred and fixteen ; for the County jtf Pembroke* with the Town and County of the Town of Haver-ftrkutfi. Eight hundred and four ; aud for the County of Radnor, five handled and fixty.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That where the Where Qur*j Nwnfcer of Local Militia fo fixed and fettled for any County, Riding now fixcd j»,e<« ur Place as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Number adually ferving l^n {J,uJTher tor. fiich County, Ridir.g or Place, at the time of pa fling this Ad, Excei/to^on-8* the Excels over and above the Quota fo fixed as aforefaid, (hall con- tinue to t'erve. jmqe to ferve in the Local Militia of their refpedive Counties, until

the Expiration of the Period for which they were originally enrolled ;

icy thing in this Ad to the contrary notwithftanding; but that no When Vann-

Vacancies arifing in the Local Militia of fuch County, Riding or des t’upplicd.

Place, fhall be fupplied until the Number of Men ferving in fuch

County (hall be reduced below the Number fo fixed as aforefaid, as

toe Quota of fuch County, Riding or Place.

XVI.	Aud be it further enaded, That when the Number of Local Where Qut*

VChtia Men fo fixed as aforefaid for any County, (hall be greater now fixed 1* than the Number adually ferving for fuch County, at the time of *Jcat*r th]nT pafiog this Ad, no further Enrolments of Men for the Local Militia	now

of fiich County (hall take place, beyond what may be neceflary to ferving, no fur-Jceep the feveral Regiments complete to their Eftablifhments, fo long ther Enrolment ai the Number of Men ferving m fuch County (hall, in Addition to (hall take place sad together with and including the effedive Yeomanry and Volun- jong as Lgcal tew* (erring in fuch County, (exclufive of Supernumeraries above the VolumeJrs to-Eftablifliment of fuch Coips ferving without Pay), amount to Six geusr equal fix Tunes the original Quota or the Militia of fuch County fixed under an Times the A6t paiTed in the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majesty, 1 elating Militia

to the Militia of England; Provided always, that when and io ofteu G* 3-c- 9°

52 Gxo. III.

C. 38*

5 20 GEO. in.

A.D« 1812«

Prerifcw

Volunteer* may transfer Services to Load Militia.

Oath.

Bounty.

Volunteers fo tr.mfcferriiig not liable to ferve in Regular Militia.

Bounties to Volunteers certified, &c.

as the Number of effeftive Yeomanry and Volunteers in any fi County as aforefaid (hall be reduced by the difbanding or difconti ing the Services of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, rcafon of the effeftive Numbers of any fuch Corps being* dimi a Number of Local Militia Men not exceeding in Amount foch ficiency fhall be forthwith ballotted and enrolled under this A the Number of the Local Militia of fuch County fhall be eqmt^ the Number fixed as aforefaid for the Quota of fuch County n' this Aft : Provided always. That no Vacancy arifing in any G of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, by reafon of the effe6fcive Nlfli bers of fuch Corps being diminifhed, fhall be fupplied as afore&R by Ballot for the Local Militia under this Aft, unlefs fuch Vacant fhall not have been fupplied by the entering of any Men into fat Corps within Six Months after fuch Vacancy occurring in fi Corps.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That in all cafes in which Number of Local Militia Men fo fixed by this Aft as the Quota any County fhall be greater than the Number aftually ferving fuch County, it fhall be lawful for the Members of any Corps Volunteers, within the Ages limited by this Aft, and not having m than Two Children under the Age of Fourteen Years, as may bel firous of forming Part of the laid Local Militia to be railed o this Aft, to transfer themfelves, with the Approbation of His M; ‘ under the Direction of the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, to come and form Part of the Local Militia under this Aft of the ~ or Part or Divifion of the County to which fuch Corps fhall upon fuch Terms and Conditions as to His Majesty fhall feem fit f all Volunteers fo permitted to transfer their Services, fhall tberei forthwith be enrolled without Ballot in fuch Local Militia, and the Oath hereinafter required to be taken by Perfons ballotted this A6>, and if aftually ferving as fuch on the Twelfth Day May One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and having conftantly tinued to ferve fuch fince that Period, fhall be entitled to a Boa of Two Guineas, and to the fame Allowance for Neceffarirs as of Local Militia Men are entitled to under this Aft, and fhall be d and taken to be Local Militia Men to all Intents and Purpofes.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no fon who fhall transfer himfelf as a Member of a Volunteer Corps the Local Militia, and fhall be thereupon enrolled in the Local Mifi fhall be liable to be called upon to be enrolled to ferve in the BLcgi Militia, by reafon of his having been ballotted and entered for 1 Regular Militia, during the Period of his having been a Member a Volunteer Corps; any thing in any Aft or Afts to the contrt notwithflanding

XIX.	And be it further enafted. That whenever any fuch Bo«»4 fhall become payable to any Member of a Volunteer Corps fo ferriog himfelf as aforefaid, the Deputy Lieutenant or Juflice at* ing the Enrolment and (wearing in of fuch Men, fhall fign a Cw cate of the Amount of the Bounty fo to be paid, and to whom,* for what Parifhes or Places ; and the Clerk of the Subdivifton M ing fhall forthwith tranfmit fuch Certificate to the Secretary at W5! and draw upon the Agent General for the Amount of Bounties fified to be (o payable.

xx. aA



J).l8l2.

52" GEO. in.

C.38

XX. And be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for Hi* to permit any Volunteer Corps of Yeomanry or Artillery to Mtfcr themfelres into the Local Militia, upon fuch Terms and wfttioos as to their Eftablifhment, and as to Allowances for Horfes Accoutrements, or other Things, and as to Pay, as His Mijefty ■Wb*a, and to be attached to the Local Militia of the County bcfeui fuch Corps (hall ferve, in fuch manner as His Majesty (hall Ijeks Provided always, that no Vacancies arifing in any fuch Corps rXfeomanry, fo transferred as aforefaid, (hall be fupplied by Ballot Jer this Ad ; but all fuv;h Vacancies which (hall not be fupplied by •entering of any Men into fuch Corps, within Six Months after fuch Casey occurring in fuch Yeomanry Corps, (hall be fupplied by Bal-L for the L >cil Militia of the County to which fuch Yeomanry bmthail be attached.

XXL And be it further enaded, That all fuch Powers, Provifions, Be% Regulations, Claufes, Matters and Things contained in the of the Forty fecond of His Majesty, or in an Ad parted Ae Forty Gxth Year of His prefeot Majesty, or in an Ad palled i? r Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majesty, or in any other Ad ■Hog to the Militia, as relate to the appointing and holding General I Subdivifion Meetings of Lieutenancy, or to the making out Lifts ^ which to ballot, or to the Mode of baliotting, (hall, as far as (ame are applicable and can be applied to and for the Purpofes of this Ad into Execution, and are not hereby altered, varied led, be ufed, exercifed, applied and put in force with refped Local Militia, in as full and ample a manner as if the faid Provifions, Rules, Regulations, Claufes, Matters and Things re-ena&ed and repeated in this Ad.

II. And be it further enaded, That the refpedive Clerks of iivifion Meetings (hall, a3 foon as conveniently may be after Subdivifion Meeting (hall have been appointed, give Notice in of the Time aud Place of Meeting to fuch of the Deputy nts who (hall be rdident within fuch Subdivifion, and alfo to CboKnandin|r Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, at-ked to fuch Subdivifion, by Notice addrerted to the Adjutant, and Account of the (everal Days fixed for receiving Lifts, and for balling and for inrolling the Militia Men within fuch Subdivifion ; Khali, ms foon as the Militia Men are inrolled, likewife tranfmit to (Colonel or other Commandant, or to the Commanding Officer as khid, in manner aforefaid, a Lift, fpecifying the Names, Trades, I ofual Places of Abode, of all fuch Local Militia Men as are bled.

XXIII. And be it further enaded, That the Men to be raifed Aar this Ad lhaii be ballotted out of and from the Perfons between ■ A^esof Eighteen and Thirty, returned in the Lifts now exifting, dl may hereafter he made and returned or amended and cor-br the railing of the Militia un;ler any Ads relating to the of England; and it (hall be lawful for His Majesty, if He (hall fit, to order and dired the making out any new Lifts, and in Oafes as to Age or otherwife, and in fuch Form as may be & expedient for the Purpofe of carrying this Ad into Execution. IV. And be it further enaded, That on making out or amend-any Lifts after the palling of this Ad, of Perfons fit to ferve Local Militia, every Perfgn who (hall wilfully xtegled to appeal

£ 2	'9,tl	y	owithin

f3i

Yeomanry and Artillery Corps may transfer Services to Local Militia*

Proven of

42 U. 3.C.90. 46O.3. c.91. and 49 O.3.C.8S. See. applicable to the Local Militia, extended to this Act.

Subdivifion Clerks to eive Notice of Meeting to Commanding Officers of Regiments.

Men ballotted from Militia Lifts.

Perfons neglecting to appeal.

A.D.iSi

J32	C.38.

52* GEO. m.

>

Penalty.

jtfo Pei Ton under 30 to he SpecutlCouiUkle.

Deputy Lieutenants may require Attendance of Conftables.

Imprisonment.

Two Juftice* tnay appoint Deputies ro Quakers for carrying At> into £xecution.

within the time appointed for that Purpofe, (hall forfeit for eve (uch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pouuds, nor lefs th| Twenty Shillings, at the Difcretion of any Two or more Depu Lieutenants or Juftices of the Peace or Magiflrates, and on Noopa ment thereof be imprifoned, at the Difcretion of any Two or mo Deputy Lieutenants or Jultices of the Peace or Magiflrates as afot faid, for any time not exceeding Fourteen Days.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That no Perfon (hall be a pointed or ad as a Special Conftable for the Purpofe of aflifting the making out any new Lifts, or otherwife in aiding in the Exec tion of this Ad, who (hall not be above the Age of Thirty Years.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for I Deputy Lieutenants within any Subdivifion, or any Two or more them, or for any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Juftice of t! Peace, from time to time to iffue their Order or Warrant under thi Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of the Conftable, T thingnujn, Headborough or other Officer of any Parifh, Ty thing Place within fuch Subdivifion, for the Purpofes of this Ad, at fai Time and Place as in fuch Order or Warrant (hall be exprefTed 5 a) if any fuch Conftable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Offia (hall refufe or neglect to appear according to fuch Order or Warraj or if any Chief Conftable or other Officer of any Hundred, Raj Lathe, Wapentake or other Divifion, or any Conftable, Tythingma Headborough or other Officer of any Parifh, Tything or Place, fhi refufe or negled to comply with fuch Orders and Directions as he flu from time to time receive from the faid Deputy Lieutenants, or ai Two or more of them, or from any One Deputy Lieutenant and 0| Juftice of the Peace in purfuance of this Ad, or {hall be guilty of ai Fraud or wilful Partiality or grofs Negled in his Duty, the fa Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or fuch 0| Deputy Lieutenant and One Juftice of the Peace, are hereby ei powered and required to commit the Perfon fo offending to the Col mon Gaol, there to be kept without Bail or Mainprize for the Spa of One Month, or, at their Difcretion, to fine fuch Perfon iu any Su not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor lefs than Forty Shillings.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That if ai Chief or other Conftable, Headborough, Tythingman or Overfa {hall be of the People called Quakers, (and certified to be fo by Tv Perfons of the People called Quakers) and (hall negled or refufe perform the Duties required by this Ad, it fhall be lawful for ar Two Juilices of the Peace ading for the Divifion within which fu< Quaker fhall be fuch Officer as aforefaid, and they are hereby r quired, in all cafes where the circumftances of the cafe fxiall in the Judgment render it expedient and neceflary for the due Execution 1 the Frovifionsof this Ad, by their Order under their Hands and Seal to appoint a fit and proper Perfon to be Deputy to fuch Quaker, f< the Purpofe only of carrying this Ad into Execution ; and every Pe fon fo appointed Deputy as aforefaid fhall have and exercife all tl Powers, Authorities and Jurifdidions given by this Ad to fuch Offia for whom he lhall fo ad, and fhall do and perform all the like Duti< and Offices, under the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as ai hereby impofed for Negled of Duty of any fuch Officer as aforefai< in like manner in every refped as the Perfon for whom he fhall fo *ji4 when? an Appointment of any Deputy (hall be fo mafic* the prir

	cipl

L.D.I&I2.

52° GEO: III.	C.38.	13J

bat Chief Conftable. Headborontrh, Tvthingman or Overfeer (being

e of the People called Qualm) (hdl be, and he is hereby dif-lar^ed from the Performance of any Duty required of him by this Let, and from all Penalties incuired for Negled thereof after the time f !uch Appointment.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for Twoormore be Deputy Lieutenant?, at their Subdivifion Meetings, to add to- Places and Lift*

whenever they (hall think it neceflary, any Two or more raay he added Parifhes or Tythings, or to add any extra parochial Place or Places

0	any Parifh or Parilhes, Tything or Tythings adjoining thereto, for a# together he Parpofes of this Ad ; and alio to add together the Lifts of fuch as if they were

i-s, Tythings and Places aforefaid, fo as to make the Choice Officers of iam»

1	Local Militia Men by Ballot within every fuch Subdivifion as PariftV and (hall tfml and impartial as poffiblc ; and where any Parifhes, Tythings ,n

i Places fo added together (hall lie in different Hundreds, Rapes/ Order oTDeputy Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divifions within the fame County, Lieutenants. Riding or Place, to dired in what Hundred* Rape* Lathe* Wapentake or other Divifion, the fame (hall be confidered for the Purpoles of this Ad; and thefaid Deputy Lieutenants (hall proceed upon the Lifts lb added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned for One Parifh, or for the Pari (It to which any extra parochial Place (hall have been added as aforefaid ; and the Conftables, Tyumen, Headboroughs or other Oflice-s of Parilhes, Tythings and ^ces fo added together, fhall adt together in the Execution of this as if they were refpectivdy Officers of one and the fame Pari(h >r Tything; and all fuch Conftables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs Ltd Officers fo as aforef id atting together by virtue of this Ad, (hall their Meetings under this Act in the Parifh or Tything which hall be named firft in fuch Order of Deputy Lieutenants 5 and if any Deputy Liente-Differenee or Difagreement (hall arife between the Officers of any n.uitstohear Tything or Place, or between the Officers of different Parilhes jnd determine e Tythings, touching the Execution of this A&, the Deputy Lieu- between^riflx t ruuits acting in and for the Subdivifion where fuch Difference or officer*. Difagreement (hall happen, (hall at any Subdivifion Meeting, and they are hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and make fuen Order therein for the better Execution of this Ad, as to them (hall m meet ; and fuch Orders (hall be final and conclufive.

XXIX.	And be it further enadted, That the feveral Claufes, Pro- Act to extend to rifions* Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, in extra parochial this Ad contained, (hall be conftrued to extend to every extra parochial ^*55* ad<,ed^° Place added to any Parifh or Tything for the Purpoles of this Ad, where noCon-Zi fully as if the (aid Directions and Provifions had feverally and re- (tables or Over-lpectively been cxprefsly applied to extra parochial Places, and where feers.

re (hall be any extra parochial Place or other Place wherein no Coa&ables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or Overfrers of the Poor have been or are appointed, or ad, the refpedive Conftables, Tything-men, Headboroughs or Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh or Parilhes, or Tything or Tythings refpedively, to which fuch extra parochial or other Place (hall have been added by the Deputy Lieu** tenants as aforefaid, may and (hall ad as Conftables, Tythingmen,

Headboroughs or Overieers of the Poor refpedively for fuch extrt| parochial or other Place in the Execution of this Ad, and may and -1 do, perform and execute ail fuch Ads, Matters and Things :nn, relating to the Execution of this Ad, as fully and amply, and

K 3	with



Google

*34

AiD.tSi

Prorifo.

Pfovifo.

Clerks of Sub-divifim Meetings to trtnimit Copies of Rolls to Clerk of General Meeting.

Penalty.

General Meetings may alter Subdivisions and Allotment of Men In each Divifion.

Ar Second Sub-divifion Meeting, Deputy Lieutenants (hall appoint dumber of A Ten lo fcrve for each Parifli^ &c., and (hall order Notice to b« given thereof and * f next Meeting, and	*

eaufc Number to he balloited, £c.

C.38.	52* GEO. III.

with all fuch and the like Powers in every Refpeft, as if fuch eU parochial or other Place was within and made part of fuch Parilh Ty thing : Provided always, that if any Rate or Rates (hall be to made for any Parifti or Parifties, or Tything or Tythtngs, and a fuch extra parochial or other Place jointly, fuch Rate or Rates ft be diftinftly made for the Purpofe of this Aft, and for no other Pi pofe whatever : Provided alfo, that every fuch feparate Rate (hall a may be made, raifed and levied, as well in fuen extra parochial other Place, as in any fuch Parifti or Tything aforefaid, in like maw as any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor,

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That the Clerks of all Si divifion Meetings (hall within Fourteen Days after every SubdiviH Meeting, tranfmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the Coun' Riding or Place* fair and true Copies of fuch Rolls as (hall be figs at fuch Subdivifion Meeting 5 and if any fuch Clerk (hall omit or 1 gleft to make fuch Return as aforefaid within fuch Period at afw laid, or (hall knowingly or wilfully make any falfe Return, fuch Cle (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch Offence, the Sum of Twee Pounds,

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That the Lieutenant or Vi Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, together with any Thi or more Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or io t Abfence of any Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant) any Five or more D puty Lieutenants may, at any General Meeting, alter the appoint Subdivisions within fuch County, Riding or Place, if they (hall ( Occafion, and alfo may alter the eftabliftied Allotment of the Nw ber of Men in each refpeftive Hundred, Rape, Lathe, WapentaJ or other Divifion, to ferve in the Local Militia, towards railing tl Number of Local Militia Men by this Aft direfted to be raifed for foi County, Riding or Place, according to the Numbers contained inti refpeftive Certificates received from the feveral Subdivifion Meeting regard being had in fuch Allotments and Apportionments to ti Number of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers ferving in each fa Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake and other Divifion.

XXXII.	And he it further enafted, Ttiat the Deputy Lieut nants affembhd at their Second Meeting within any Subdivifion ft? appoint wliat Number of Men (hall ferve for each Parifti, Tythir and Place, within fuch Subdivifion, regard being had in fuch Aj point men t tq the Number of effeftive Yeomanry and Volunteers fer mg in each fuch Patifti, Ty thing or Place, in Proportion to the Nun ber lafl appointed, in the manner hereinbefore direfted, at a Geuer Meeting to ferte for each Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake l other Divifion ; and (hall appoint another Meeting to be holden with] Three Weeks from the Day on which fuch Meeting was lioldeu wilhi the fame Subdivifion, and (kail iffue out an Order to the Chief Cof liable or other Officers of the refpeftive Hundreds, Rapes, Lathe Wapentakes or other Ditifions, requiring them to give Notice to th Conftable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer of ever Parifti, T.ything or Place, within their refpeftive Hundreds, Rape? Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divifions, of the Number of Men (i appointed to ferve for fuch Parifti, Ty thing or Place, and of th Time and Place of the next Subdivifion Meeting ; and the faid Dt puty Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or any One Deputj Lieutenant, and One Juilice of the Peace, affembled in purfuaoceo

fafj



-AJ).i8i2.

i3S

52° GEO. III.

C.38.

Such Appointments, (hall caufe the Number of Men appointed to ferve as aforefaid to be chofen by Ballot out of the Perfor.s between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty, returned in the Lifts now exifting, P* which may hereafter be made and returned, or amended or cor-BBCfced, for the railing the Militia under any Ads relating to the Militia mi EagLsufj and (hall appoint another Meeting to be holden within Weeks in the fame Subdivision, and (hall iffue out an Order the Chief Conflables or other Officers of the refpedive Hundreds, ‘fepea, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divifions, to dired the C011 ft able, Tythmgman, Headborough, or other Officer of every Parifh, Ty tiling mrPUce, to give Notice to every Man fo chofen to ferve in the Local Jfifea, to appear at fuch Meeting, which Notice (hall be givcu or left 0t his Place of Abode at lead Seven Days before fuch Meeting ; and pheh Con liable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer, ftiall at* pawl fuch Meeting, and make fuch Return upon Oath of the Days Mn fuch Notice was ferved ; and every Perfon fo chofeu by Ballot jRd* epon fuch Notice, appear at fuch Meeting, and if, on Exarai-Wttha, found able and fit for the Service, and approved of in manner fordoafter direded, (hall then and there take the following Oath ; it to fay,

*	J vf. B. do fincerely promife and fwear, That I will be faithful

*	and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George; and |p that I will faithfully ferve in the Local Militia of

within Great Britain, for the Defence of the fame, dur-| ing the Time of Four Years, for which I am enrolled, unlefs I (hail ' "be foooer difeharged/

every fuch Perfon (hall be then and there enrolled (in a Roll to then and there prepared for that Purpofe) to ferve in the Local ~‘tia of fuch County, Riding or Place, as a private Local Militia 1, for the Space of Four Years.

|- XXXIII. And be it further enaded, That every Man enrolled $0 Jerve in the Local Militia, (hall, before fuch Enrolment, be examined upon Oath before the Deputy Lieutenants, as to his Refi-deuce, Age and Family, and the Oath fo adminiftered to him (hall be the Words, and according to the Form and Effed in the Schedule go this Ad annexed, marked (B) ; and if any Perfon ftiall refufe to fo examined, fuch Perfon may, at the Dilcretion of any One or more Deputy Lieutenants or Juftices of the Peace, be imprifoned for any time not exceeding One Week, and (hall notwithilanding be liable to be enrolled to ferve in the faid Local Militia, if he (hall appear to the Deputy Lieutenants or Juftices to be a fit and proper PmOB to be fo enrolled.

XXXIV. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the pafing of this Ad, if any Perfon whatfoever (hall infure, or take or agree to take any Money for the Infurance of, or be any ways coaceroed in any Company, Society, Partnerfhip, Club or Office, for thelafurance of any Perfon or Perfons, or for the infuring or indem-“fa* each other again ft or for the paying any Money for or towards the difeharging of any Fine or Penalty, for any Perfon or Per-Jbos who may be bauotted to ferve in the Local Militia, or (hall pay or engage to pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Volunteer to fcve in Difcharge of any County, Divifion or Pariih, beyond the Sum of Two Guineas to be paid to fuch Volunteer as hereinafter direded,

K 4	every



Google

Periwu efiofen by Ballot to take

Oath.

Men before Enrolment examined upon Oath at to R elide nee, See. refufing to be ex* trained. Punilhment.

Peifont infuring.

Penalty.

No Pert on bal-

lottetl allowed to find a Subiliuite.

Volunteers may be received with Confent of Inhabitants of any Place, and a Rate eftablifhed for paying them Bounties not exceeding Two Guineas each.

Apptal.

No Ballot fltall take place where Ptrfons fhall voluntarily enrol tfcemlcUe*

C.3&.	520	GEO. III.	A. D. 1812]

every fuch Perfon as tforefaid {hall forfeit, for every fuch Offence, tb

Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXV.	And be it further enabled, That no Perfon ballotted t

ferve in the Local Militia (hall be allowed to find or provide any Sal ftitute to ferve in his Stead ; any thing in this or any other A&l the contrary notwithftanding.	-

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That if the Churchward* or Overfeers of the Poor of any Parilh, Tything or Place, (hall,** the Confent of the Inhabitants taken at a Veftry, or at any ath Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, for the calling of which Veil or Meeting Three Days public Notice (hall be given, fpecifyingti Caufe of calling fuch Veftry or Meeting, provide and produce toll faid Deputy Lieutenants, or anv l'wo or more of them, at any Sal divifion Meeting for choofing the Local Militia Men by Ballot, a Volunteer or Volunteers, being of the fame County, Riding or Plat or of fome adjoining Parifh or Place, who (hall be examined and.4 proved, as is hereinafter mentioned, fuch Volunteer or VulunteedL examined and approved (hall be then and there fworn in and enroll to ferve for fuch Tertn, and On the fame Conditions as is herembefi provided in cafe of Perfons chofen by Ballot; and the faid Depd Lieutenants (hall caufe dnly futh Number of Perfons to be choien)l| Ballot out of the Lift returned for fuch Pari(h, Tything or Place, l| (hall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to ierve for {u^l Parilh, Tything or Place; and if any fuch Churchwardens or OvcH feers (hall give to fuch Volunteer or Volunteers any Sum or Sus of Money not exceeding Two Guineas each, to ferve in the Lm Militia for fuch Parifh, Tything or Place, it thall be lawful for fu Churchwardens or Overfeers to make a Rate upon the Inhabitsi of fuch Parifh, Tything or Place, according to the Rate then tna for the Relief of the Poor, which Rate (being approved by any Ji tice of the Peace) it (hajl.be lawful for fuch Churchwardens or Ovi feers fo colled, and to reimburfe themfelves fuch Sum or Sums Money as they (hall have paid to fuch Volunteer or Volunteers aforefaid, and the Overplus (if any) (hall be applied as Part of t Poor’s Rate; and if any Perion (hall refufe to pay fuch Rate, it ib be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace, upon Complaint thereof ma by any fuch Churchwarden or Overfeer, by Warrant under his Hai and Seal, to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offendei Goods and Chattels, returning the Overplus (if any) after the fi Rate and the Charges of fuch Dillrefs and Sale (hall be paid ; bj no Perfon who (hall be then ftrving in the Local Militia, nor ai Perfon ferving either perfoually or b/’Subftitute in the Regular M litia, (hall be liable to pay any fuch Rate : Provided always, thaf any Perfon (hall think himfelf aggrieved by any fuch Rate as afon faid, fuch Perfon may appeal to the next General or Quarter Se fions, in like manner as is provided in the cafe of Appeals again Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That in 3II cafes in whip a Ballot (hall be direded under this Ad for the Local Militia, ad any Perfons between the Ages pf Eighteen and Thirty five YeaflJ of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches and upwards, am5 fit foq Military Service, and not having more than Two Children under tMj Age of Fourteen Years, (hall voluntarily enrol themfelves under thilj Ad, to ferve according to the Provifions of this Ad, if the Perfon?

5



A.D.i8i2.

137

$2* GEO. HI.

Ib^voliwtarily enrolling tbemfelves (hall amount to the Number to be enrolled by Ballot under any Apportionment in any fuch Parifh, then 00 Ballot (hall take place in fuch Parifh; and if the Perfons fo voluntarily enrolling tbemfelves as aforefaid, (hall not amount to the Number required t© be enrolled by Ballot in any fuch Parifh, then the Number of Perfons fo voluntarily enrolling tbemfelves fhall be deduced from the Number required to be enrolled by Ballot, and the Remainder only (talbe ballotted for in fuch Parifh ; and all Perfons fo voluntary wwiiintr tbemfelves fhall take the Oath required by this A& to betakrfi by Perfons ballotted, and fhall ferve in the fame manner and voder the feme Regulations, and be fubje& to the fame Provilions, as if they had been ballotted for under this A6t: Provided always, that Provifo for no Seaman or Seafaring Man fhall be enrolled in the Local Militia as Seamen, a Vuionteer.

XXXVIII. And be it further enabled, That no Peer of this Certain Perfons Xtaki, nor any Perfon being a Gommiflioned Officer in the Regular exempt from or in His Majesty’s other Forces, or in any one of His Service.

Ciftiesor Forts, nor any Officer on the Half Pay of the Mny, Army or Marines, nor any Non Cummilfioned Officer or private Maa ferving in the Regular Militia, or in any of His Majesty's ether Forces, nor any Perfon being an effective Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, and duly returned as fuch, nor any Perfon being a Refident Member of either of the Univerfities, nor any Clergyman, rot any Teacher or Preacher in Holy Orders or pretended Holy Orders, or petending to Holy Orders, (not carrying on any Tilde or exercifing any other Occupation for his Livelihood, except that of a Scboolmafter,) having taken the Oath9 and made and fub-fcribed the Declaration required by Law from the Teachers- or Preachers of Congregations of diffentihg Protettants, dnd being bona jide the Teacher of uny Congregation wHofe:Place of Meeting fhail .. hare been doly regJftered at lea il Twelve Months previous to the General Meeting appointed to meet in OQohet for the Purpofes of this A&j nor any'GonffeiWe or other Peace Officer net being a fjperial ConftaWe; nor any Seaman or Seafaring Man, nor any Perfoh raftered, trained or doing Dutyi or employed in any of His Ma-jefty*« Docks Or Dock Yards for the Service thereof, Or employed or mattered io His Majesty’t 8ennCe in th£ Towerof London, Woolwich Warren, the feverai Gun Wharfs at Portfmoutb, or at the feveral Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Stofehoufes belonging to His Majesty, under the Direftion of the Board of Ordnance, nor any Perfon being friee of the Company of Watermen of the River Thames, nor any poor Man who has more than Two Children bom in Wedlock, nor any Perfon receiving his Education on an eleemo-fymry Foundation, (hall be liable to ferve in the Local Militia ; and so Fcrfoo having ferved perfbnally in the Regular Militia, or addition Force, or provided any Subftitute, or for whom any Subftitute his been provided, or paid any Fine for not ferving or finding a Sub-ftttote in the Regular Militia, or fuch additional Force as aforefaid,

Mbe liable to ferve in the Local Militia until Four Years after the Expiration of his* Period of Service, if he fhall have ferved in Perfon, or Six Year* after the Period at which fuchSubftitute fhall have been enrolled, or Foot Years after having paid any fuch Fine ; and that nQ Moo haring paid any Fine hr upon whom Diftrefs has been made for ay Fine for not ferving in the Local Militia) fhall be liable to ferve

until



Google "

Perfons enrolled in Local Militia exempt from Service in Regular Militia i*i Two Years.

Perfons exempt nevcrthelefs liable to ferve in Regular Militia if they neglett to attend Training.

Provifo for Member* of Friendly Societies.

Allowances to Wives and Families.

C.38.	$2°	GEO.	III.	A.D.181

until the Expiration of Two Years from the Period of having pa fuch Fine or fufFered fuch Diflrefs. (\SVe pojl. c. 116.3

XXXIX. And be it further enafted, That every Officer, Non Co miflioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man enrolled and a&oa ferving in the Local Militia at the Time of palling this A&, ffiall entitled to and have Exemption from ferving iu the Regular Milit and fhall not be liable to be ballotted to ferve in the Regular Mili for Two Years from the Expiration of their prefent Period of & vice in the faid Local Militia: Provided always, that all Perfc who may hereafter be enrolled to ferve in the Local Militia, fhall 01 be entitled to and have Exemption from Service in the Regu Militia, and fhall not be liable to Je ballotted to ferve in the Regui Militia for One Year from the Expiration of their Period of Scrr. in the faid Local Militia : Provided always, that no Perfon fhall entitled to claim any Inch Exemption under this Ad, who fhall o produce a Certificate ligned by the Commanding Officer of the Ra ment of Local Militia to which he fhall belong, or in cafe of 1 Removal from the County in which he may have been original enrolled, then by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, BattaTi or Corps in which he may have been fubfequently ferving, that attended at the laft Period of annual Training and Exercifc, or tl he was prevented by lllnefs or bodily Infirmity, fo certified to 1 Commanding Officer at the laft Period of Annual Training a Exercife, or that he was abfeut by Pcrmiffion of his Commands Officer.

XL. And be it further ena&od, That any Perfon enrolled a ferving in the Local Militia who fhall have claimed Exemption fn Service in the Regular Militia, fhall neverthelefs be compellable ferve in the Regular Militia, in cafe he (hall not afterwards attend t Periods appointed for the Training and Exercife of the Local Mili during the time for which he may be enrolled to ferve iu fuch La Militia (unlcfs prevented by any Infirmity incapacitating him forS vice) ; apd the Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps Local Militia to which he may belong, fhall certify fuch Ablei from Training and Exercife to the Clerk of the Subdivifion for whi he fhall have been before ballotted to ferve in the Regular Militia, w fhall make the fame known to the Deputy Lieutenants afTembled their next Subdivifion Meeting, and fuch Man fhall then and th< be .enrolled to ferve in the Regular Militia ; or if he fhall not tb appear, fhall be liable to any Penalties impofed upon ballotted Perfij not appearing to be enrolled in the Regular Militia.

XLI. And be it further ena&ed,That no Member of any Friern Society, ferving or entering to ferve under this A &, fh?U by fuch & vice be excluded from fuch Society, or be fubjeft to the Forfeiture any Benefit to which he may be otherwife entitled under any Rul of fuch Society 5 or to any Fine or Penalty impofed by fuch Socid for Nonattendance ; any thing in any fuch Rules to the contnu notwithftanding.

XLI I. And be it further enabled, That whenever any Corps Local Militia fhall be afTembled for the Purpofeof being trained u exercifed, or for the Suppreffion of Riots, or for the Suppieffioo 1 Rebellion or Invafion, all Perfons enrolled therein who fhall join c fuch affembling, and fhall have Families unable to fupport themfeta (hall, during the Period of their being fo aficmbled as afprefaid, 1

entitle



Google

AD l8l2*

*39

$*• GEO. III.

0*38.

•titled to fuch and tbs fame Relief to their Wives and Families, and

ad^r fuch and the like circumftances, and fubjed to the fame Regu-Regulations and Provifians, as the Wives and Families of Men bal* (Red to ferve in the Regular Militia of Great Britain are entitled to, pder an Ad paffed in the Forty third Year of His prefent Majesty, [totaled An A cl for confolidating and amending the federal Laws for Relief for the Families of Militia Men of England, when wiled** into a dual Service ; or any other Ads relating to the Relief f the Wires aud Families of Men ferving in the Regular Militia of 6sst Britain ; and for that Purpofe all the Rules, Regulations, and povifioos, Powers, Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures in the lad Rationed Ads refpedively contained, (hall extend and be conftrued p extend to the giving fuch Relief as aforefaid as fully and effedually pif the fame were herein enaded : Provided always, that all Sums Money which (hall be advanced and paid to the Wives and Fami-offucb Men, (hall, upon delivery of a quarterly Account of the at thereof, certified and figned by Two Juftices of the Peace County in which fuch Relief (hall be given, be repaid to the *r or Overfeers, or Parilh Officer or Officers who (hall have |faflced the fame, by the Receiver General of fuch County, out of y public Money in his Hands, and (hall be allowed in the Account toe faid Receiver General: Provided always, that whenever any rpsof Local Militia (hall be aflembled for Training and Exercife, P^rfous enrolled therein, having Families unable to fupport them-Ives as aforefaid, (hall be entitled to Relief for their Wives and lilies, notwithftauding fuch Families may be refident in the Place Te the Regiment may be aflembled.

^XLIII. Aud be it fuither enaded, That if through the Negled "Miftakc of any Chief Conftables, Couftable6, or other Officers, or any other Caufc, the full Number of Men appointed by any lifiiion fhould not be duly inrolled at the Meeting appointed for Purpofe as before direded, then the Deputy Lieutenants at their Meeting, or any Two or more of them, or any One Deputy tenant, aud One Juflice of the Peace, may and tney are hereby pquired immediately to caufe the Lifts to be amended, ar.d to pro-ped to a frefli Ballot, and to adjourn their Meeting, or appoint other peetiegs, and repeat the amending of the Lifts as may be neceflary pd expedient for carrying the Purpofcs of this Ad duly and fully po Execution; and it (hall be lawful for any One Deputy Lieute-pot or Jutlice of the Peace to adminifter the Oath hereinbefore required to be taken by Perfons to ferve in the Local Militia, to any prfoo ballotted, or to any Perfon offering as a Volunteer under the Dirc&oin* of this Ad, fuch ballotted Man or Volunteer having been to, examined and approved as is hereinafter mentioned; and fuch deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Peace is hereby authorized to lad require the Clcik of the Subdivifion for which every fuch Pwfeoby whom the faid Oath has been before him taken is to ferve, toearoltbe Name of every fuch Perfon fo having been duly examined tod approved as aforefaid, together with the Date of the Day on Hick tbe Lid Oath was fo adminiftered to him, in the Roll of fuch JLbdmdon.

. XLLV. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon ballotted ferve in the Local Militia under this Ad, (hall, after Notice given |p him, or left at his ufual or Jail Place of Abode, of his having

been



Google

43 G j. c.47.

Provifo.

Deputy Lieutenants may caufo Lids to be amended, and proceed to frefh Ballot, and may adminifter Oaths,

Perfons ballot*J not appearing U» be enroftod, fined.

■penalty.

pines paid to Clerk ofSuMi-vifion Meetings, and paid into Bank to Account of Agent General.

Fines to exempt for Two Years only.

Perfons im-prifotied compel* lable to ferve Four Years.

Perfons claiming Exemption on Payment of 20I. or ioi. to fign a Declaration of Income.

Falfe Declaration.

Penalty.

Such Perfons to fjgn Declaration . that they have not ini u red.

been fo ballotted, refufe or neglect to appear within fucb Period an^ at fuch Place as (hall be appointed for that Purpofe within the Sub divifion for which he (hall have been fo ballotted, (which Times anj Places (hall he appointed by the Deputy Lieutenants in their refpec tive Subdivifions under any Order of the Lieutenant of the Countv and Notice thereof given by the Conftablcs of the feveral Parifhes by putting up the fame on Churches, Chapels, or other confpicuou Places), and be enrolled under this Adt, and take the Oath to fervi under this Adt, fuch Perfon (hall forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds or if a Perfon not having or receiving any annual Sum of Money, Pro fits, Gains, Allowances, or other Income whatfoever, amounting ii the whole to Two hundred Pounds, clear of ail Outgoings, Taxe or Reprizes, the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if not amounting ii the whole to One hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes o Reprizes, the Sum of Ten Pounds ; and every fuch Fine fhall bi paid to the Clerk of the Subdivifion Meetings, who (hall on Receip thereof give a Certificate, without Fee or Reward, of the fame beinj paid, which Certificate (hall be counterfigncd by focne Juftice of thi Peace or Deputy Lieutenant, and (hall, within Twenty one Dayi after the Receipt thereof, pay the fame into the Bank of England u a feparate Account of the Agent General for the Local Militia, foi the Purpofes of the Local Militia of Great Britain, being furniihe^ with a Receipt for the fame, and the Payment of fuch Fine fhall exi empt fuch Perfon from being ballotted and enrolled under this Ad for Two Years and no longer; and fuch Perfon (hall be liable to b< ballotted and enrolled in the Year next but one after that in which he fhall have been fo ballotted as aforefaid, and in like manner to ferve oi pay fuch Fine as aforefaid, and fo in each Second fucceeding Year [Amended^ Pojl. c. 116.]

XLV. And be it further enadted, That any Perfon imprifoned foj the Nonpayment of any Fine for not appearing to be enrolled, or fot refufing to take the Oath, or for refufing or negledting to attend an annual Period of Training and Exercife, (hall be compellable to ferve for the full Period of Four Years after the Expiration of fuch Im-prifonment.

XEVI. And be it further enadted, That every Perfon claiming to be exempted from Service under* this Adt, upon Payment of the Fine of Twenty Pounds, or Ten Pounds, inftead of Thirty Pounds, (ball fign a Declaration that the Amount of his Income does not exceed Two hundred Pounds or One hundred Pounds as aforefaid, as the Cafe may be, and (hall deliver the fame to the Deputy Lieutenants before whom he (hall appear to claim fuch Exemption, or produce a Certificate to the like Effedt, allowed by any Commiffioners under any Adt relating to the Rates and Duties arifing on Property, Pro-feflions, Trades and Offices, or to any Allowances made on any fnch Rates and Duties, within Twelve Months previous to the Produdtion of fuch Certificate; and every Perfon who (hall make any falfe Declaration in relation to any fuch Claim, (hall forfeit and pay for fuch Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds in Addition to fuch Fine.

XLVII. Provided alio, and be it further enadted, That every Perfon claiming to be exempted from Service under this Act upon Payment of Fine as aforefaid, and every Perfon who (hall be liable to the Payment of any Fine under this Adt, for not appearing to be enrolled in the Local Militia, (hall be fummoned and required to

appear

CjOOQ Le

A.D.1812.

52° GEO. III.

C.38.

*4*

appear before fome Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Peace, and (ball be required by the Deputy Lieutenant before whom he (ball appear to claim fuch Exemption, or by fuch Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Peace before whom he (hall be fo fummoned and required to appear as aforefaid, to fign a Declaration that he hath not dire&ly or indirectly, by any Policy, Premium or Promife of any Policy or Prembta, or by any Engagement, infured himfelf a gain (I fuch Fine or any Pan thereof, and that no Perfon or Perfons hath or hare dhrtdy or indiretlly, in Confideration of arty Sum of Money or Promife of aoy Sam of Money, or Gift or Reward, or for any valuable Cofifideration whatever, undertaken, engaged or promifed in any way to indemnify him therefrom, or from,any Part thereof, or to repay to him, or to any Perfon or Perfenson his Behalf, or for his Ufep Benefit or Advantage, the faid fine or any Part thereof; and in cafe i*y Perfon fo claiming to be exempt, or fo fummoned or required to appear as a fore fi id, (hall refufe fo to fign fuch Declaration, or fo to appear according to fuch Summons or Requifition, or (hall make any faHe Declaration in that Behalf, every fuch Perfen (hall, upon Con- Refuting to fig* riftjoo thereof before Two Juftices of the Peace, forfeit Three Times 2T falle the Amount of fuch Fine; and in Default of Payment thereof, fhall *UOn’ be confined in any Houfe of Correction or Common Gaol for fuch County, for any Period not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of fuch Penalty 5 and (hall be liable personally to ferve in the (aid Local Militia for the full Term of Four Years^ after the Expiration of fech Imprisonment, or the Payment of fuch Penalty.	Pspalty.

XLVII1. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for Deputy Lieute-tht Deputy Lieutenants of any County in any cafe in which it (hall nant* may make appear to them t« be neceflary or proper, by reafon of any Quotas new Apportion-M Local Militia of any Divilions of any County, or of any Pari(hes Quotas^re * of any Divifion, being found by any Returns now made or which found not to be nay hereafter be made, not to be in Proportion to the*relative Num- in Proportion t« her* of Men liable to ferve in the Local Militia in fuch refpedtive Di- Numbers liable fifions or Parifhcs, or by reafon of any Alteration which may have 10 ®*rvc# taken place in the Number of the effective Yeomanry and Volunteers iming for fuch Divifion or Pari(h, to make any new Apportionments, and afceTtain and fettle any Quotas of Local Militia, as to any Divi-fines of any County, or as to any Parilhes in any Divifion, by any sew Apportionment as to fuch Divilions, or as to the Parifhes in any Dirifion, according to the relative Numbers of Men liable to ferve in the Local Militia : Provided always, that all Quotas of Local MiBtia which (hall have been fettled and afeertained for any Divifions, ok for any Parifhes of any Divifion, (hall remain and be deemed to be the proper Quotas of fuch Divifions and Parifhes refpe&ively, unlefs wd nstO die Deputy Lieutenants (hall deem it neceffary to alter and AuUkre altered the fame, and fettled any new Quotas under this Ad,

XLIX. And be it further erta&ed. That, if the Lift of any New Litis mad* Purfh, Tything or Place (hall be loft or deft rayed, it (hall be lawful «*t if *n7 ML for the (aid Deputy Lieutenants, pr any Two or more of them, -to ede a new Lift in fuch Parifh, Tything or Place to bo made and Warned to them, at their next Subdivifion Meeting, in the fame aasner as the Lift loft or deftrojed was made, and ought to have kt& returned to them by Direction of the General Meeting.

L. And



A.D.iSit

Quakers or UnitedBrerhren, on Production of certain Certificates, ihall not he enrolled, but (hall be adjudged to pay a Proportion of Fines on Perfons b U Jotted and not appearing

Provifo.

Perfons having more than One Refukncc.

1‘erfrns to ferve in Militia of County in which Paiith Church fituate.

Juflices may order Payment of Cofts for levying by Diftrefs where Quakers refufe to pay Rates for providing Volunteers.

C.38.	5	a*	GEO. 111.

L. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon being one of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unitas Fratnm iff United Brethren, who (hall be ballotted under this Aft, (hall prodosM before the Deputy Lieutenants of any Subdivilion Meeting, or sol Two Deputy Lieutenants or Juflices of the Peace, a Certificates der the Hands of Two or more refpeftable Houfekeepers, being 4 the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unit as Fratnm « United Brethren, refident within the County or Place of Residence dl fuch Perfon, and dated within Three Months immediately precedtog the Day on which fuch Certificate (hall be produced as aforefaid, ac knowledging fuch Perfon to be one of their Perfuafion, fuch Perfa (hall not be enrolled ; and it (hall be lawful for any fuch Deputy Lieutenants or Juftices to adjudge any fuch Perfon to pay fuch Proportion of fuch Fines as are by this Aft impofed on Perfons ballotted and not appearing, as to fuch Deputy Lieutenants or Judices may appear to be proper, according to the Situation in Life and Property of fiich Perfon ; and the Amount of Fine fo adjudged by fuch Do puty Lieutenants or Jufiices, may be levied by Diftrefs and Sale oi the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon, by Warrant under then Hands and Seals (the Overplus, if any, after dedufting of reafonabfc Charges, being rendered to the Party) ; and if no Goods or Chattel* can be found whereby the Sum fo impofed upon fuch Quaker oj United Brother can be levied, and the Deputy Lieutenants or Jufiicn (hall neverthelels upon Inquiry be fatisfied that fuch Quaker or United Brother is of fufficicnt Ability to pay fuch Fine of Ten Pounds, the^ it (hall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the PeaceJ if he (hall think fit, to commit fuch Quaker or United Brother fcfl Prifon, there to remain for any Time not exceeding One Month, uiH lefs fuch Sum (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied : Provided always, that no Quaker or United Brother fo committed as aforefaid ftaB be confined among Felons,

LI. And be it further enafted. That every Perfon liable to ferv^ in the Local Militia, having more than One Place of Refidence, (ha3 ferve for the County, Riding or Place, where his Name (hall have been firft inferted in fuch Lift as aforefaid ; and the Clerk to the Sub-1 divifion Meeting to which fuch Lift (hall he returned (hall, if fuck Perfon requires the fame, grant a Certificate gratis under his Hand, that fuch Perfon’s Name was inferted in fuch Lift, and fpecifying the time when fuch Lift was made and returned.

LI I. And be it further enafted, That where any Parifh (ball lie in Two or more Counties or Ridings, the Inhabitants of fnch Parifh (hall ferve in the Local Militia of the County or Riding wherein the Church belonging to fuch Parifh is fituated ; and that fuch Parifh (hall, for all the Purpofes of this Aft, he deemed Part of fuch County or Gliding.

LIII. And it further enafted, That where any Rate (hallhavp been made for the providing of Volunteers according to the Directions of this Aft, and the Churchwardens and Overfeers (hall make Coir-! plaint to a Juftice of the Peace, that any Quaker or Quakers has refilled to pay the Sum or Sums of Money he or they (hall be rated at, fuch Juftice (hall order fuch Cofts and Charges to be paid for levying fuch Diftrefs as he (hall think reafonable, not exceeding Ten Shillings on each of the faid Quakers where there are no more than Two, ?md where there are a greater Number than Two, not exceeding 8	n .	Fro;

vjOOQ 1C

«A.D.i8i2.	.52° GEO. IIL	C.38.

Five Shillings on each of the faid Quakers: Provided always, that no Man dull be deemed, taken and accepted to be a Quaker within the meani&g of this Act, unlefs he (hall produce, before the Deputy Lsatenaots at fome of their Subdivifion Meetings, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more reputable Houfekeepers being of the People called Qu iiers* refident within the faid County, Riding or Place, and dated within the Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which it fhali be produced as aforefaid, acknowledging fueh Maato be One of their Perfuafion.

LJV. And be it further enabled. That no Man (hall be approved or enrolled to ferve in the Local Militia under this A£t, either as a haBottfd Man or Volunteer, until he (hall have been carefully examined by fome Surgeon of competent Skill, and (hall have been de-dand and reported by fuch Surgeon to be neither ruptured, lame, maimed nor afflicted with any Diforder that may render him unfit toferre, hut to be in every refpedt able and fit for Service ; and the Deputy Lieutenants aflembled at their Subdivifion Meetings, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Jdbcf of the Peace, (hall in all cafes before they proceed to enrol any Man for the Local Militia, caufe fuch Examination to be carefully made; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Deputy Lieutenants, or the iaid Deputy Lieutenant and Jufticeof the Peace, and they are hereby empowered and directed to require the Attendance of any Surgeon of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Local Militia of the Coocty, Riding or Place for which any Man is to be enrolled, if any {&di Sargeon is within a reafonable Diftance, and can conveniently be had, or otberwife to require the Attendance of any other competent Surgeon for that Pnrpofe 5 and a reafonable Allowance, not exceeding One Guinea (hall be made to the Surgeon performing fuch Examination, for every Day he (hall a&ually attend for that Purpofe, and (hall be paid to him in like Manner as other Allowances are dirtfodto be made and paid to Subdivifion Clerks under this A&.

LV. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever it (hall appear to 2sy Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Juflice of the Peace aflembled at any Subdivifion Meeting, that any Perfon chofen by Ballot to ferve in the Local Militia is unable to ferve from any permanent lllnefs, Debility or bodily Infirmity, or is not of the full Height of Five Feet two Inches, or is not approved upon Examination, by a Surgeon according to the Direction! of this A&, fuch Deputy Lieutenants or fuch Deputy Lieutenant aud Juftice of the Peace (hail and are hereby empowered and required to dilcharge fuch Perfon, and immediately to amend the Lift fm the Place for which fuch Perfon (hall have been ballotted, and to oak another Perfon to be chofea in his Stead, by Ballot, according to the Directions of this Act.

LV1. And be it further enadted. That the Deputy Lieutenants in ibfir kveral Subdivifions (hall, as foon as they (hall have enrolled the Number of Men required in their Subdivifion, divide the Men fo enrolled into as many Clafles of the Description hereinafter mentioned, 2s (hail be found among fuch Men ; that is to fay, in the Firft Clafs they (ball put ail the Men having no Child or Children living 5 and in fl* Second Clafs, all the Men not having any Child or Children

a under the Age of Fourteen Years 5 and in the Third Clafs, all eo having any Child or phildren. One of whom only (hall be

under

V

M3

Whs deemed a Quaker,

No Man enrolled until examined and approved by Surgeon.

Allowance to Surgeon.

Deputy Lieutenants may drT-chi rge Peiions chofen by Ballot who are unfit.

Deputy Lieu tenants to clafs Men enrolled, and make out Lift, a Copy Clerk of Subdivifion fhali transmit to Cleik to General Meetings to be entered.

Google

A.D.i8n

Xlen becoming unfit to ferve difchirged; hut if done by the Comma Dding Officer only, it niuft be confirmed by Depurv Lieutenants before others are ^allotted for.

Vacancies oc-cafioned by Death, ice. filled up by a Crelh Ballot.

Meetings of lieutenancy to fix by Eallot OWer in which Subdivifions, ftc. (ha 1 ftjftd as to fup, lying Deficiencies on account" of Ap-pointtatnt of

C.3&.

5 2

GEO. HI.

under the Age of Fourteen Years ; and in the laft Cixfs, all the Mi hot included in any of the former Descriptions ; and (hall forth* make out a Lift of fuch Claftcs, according to the Form in the Sol ,dule to this A6f annexed, marked (C), and within Three Days ti the completing thereof, the Clerk of fuch Subdivifion Meeting & tranfmit to the Clerk to the General Meetings an exa&and true Cof of fuch Lift, made out in fuch Form as aforelaid, to be by hicuentcn in a Book to be kept for that Purpofo.

LVII. And be it further ena£tcJ, That whenever any Local K litift Man, after having been fworn and enrolled, Hull become unfitf Service, it (hall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandos* \ the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which fuch Local Militialll (hall belong, together with any Two or more Deputy UeuteMl or One Deputy Lieutenant and One Judice of the Peace of A County, Riding or Place to which fuch Regiment, Battalioc I Corps belongs, if the faid Regiment, Battalion or Corps (hallthl be within the faid County, Riding or Place, or for the Co!oed< other Commandant only, if the faid Regiment, Battalion or Coq (hall be abfent therefrom, to difeharge fuch Local Militia Man fft his Regiment, Battalion or Corps 5 but another Man (hall uot.| ballotted for in the Room of fuch Local Militia Man fo difeharc* Until fuch Difeharge (hall be confirmed under the Hands of Ti or more Deputy Lieutenants or One Deputy Lieutenant and ft Juftice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place to which tci| Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, aflembled at any Meetings the Subdivifion for which fuch Local Militia Man was enrolled^ at any General Meeting for the County, Riding ot Place as aforefaj

LVII I. And be it further enacted. That when any private Mill Man (hall, before the Expiration of the Term for which be wasa ferve, die, or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in tl Local Militia,1 or enter or inlift into His Majesty’s Regular Force Navy or Marines, or as a Subftitute or Volunteer in the Regular M litia, or be difeharged in manner aforefaid, as unfit for Service, ori miffed in purfuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, the'Coins or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps 1 which fuch private Man (hall belong, (hall certify the Vacancy, occ fioned by fuch Death, Appointment, Entering, Enliftmeiit, Ditch*] Or Diftmffal, (as the cafe may be) to the Clerk to the General Mm ings, who (hall forthwith tranfmit the faid Certificate to the Depsl Lieutenants of the Subdivifion for which fuch private Man Hull tari been inrolled, and fuch Deputy Lieutenants (hall immediately upfl the Receipt of fuch Certificate, caufe fuch Vacancy to be filled a by a frefh Ballot for a Local Militia Man to ferve according to tl Provifions of this A&; except in fuch cafes as are in this A< excepted.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That it (hall b lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants at any Genera Meeting, and they are hereby required to afeertaia and fix by Balk) the Order in which the refpe&ive Subdivifions, Hundreds and Pari&e in their refpe&ive Counties (hall (land as to the fupplying any Def ciencies or Vacancies that may exift or arife therein by reafon of tb Appointment of any Perfons ferving in the Local Militia of any foci Countv to be Seijeants or Corporals, and (hall immediately after tb fame mall be fa ascertained and fixed, caufe fuch Subdivifions, Hun



.D.i8i2.

*45

52° GEO. III.

0.38.

ds and Parifhes refpe&ively, to be entered in fuch Order, in a Lift Be prepared for that Purpofe ; and fuch Vacancies (hall be fupplied ■ch Subdivilions, Hundreds and Parifhes, in the Order in which ftaU bare been entered in fuch Lift as aforefaid, and not by the bet for which the Men fo promoted (hall have ferved.

X And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any private Local Man (hall be appointed a Non Commiflioned Officer or Drum-aay Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, in the of any Non Commiflioned Officer or Drummer reduced to the Ballot (hall take place in the Pariffi or Place for which Ijprifate Man fo appointed was then ferving, in confequence of racancy occafioned by fuch Appointment, fo long as the Non Ruffiooed Officer or Drummer fo red iced (hall continue to ferve Regiment, Battaliou or Corps of Local Militia.

IP' nd be it further ena&ed, That any Two or more of the |ty Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Juftice

*	Peace, at tbeir feveral Subdivision Meetings, (hall and they achy required to ballot for Local Militia Men, in the Room

Local Militia Men a&ually ferving, whofe Terms of Service expire before the Twentieth Day of November next enfuing the £ of fuch Subdivifion Meetings, and (hall at a following Meeting bolden as foon as conveniently may be, proceed to enrol the allotted Men as aforefaid; and the Commanding Officer of any nest, Battalion or Corps, is hereby empowered, from time to to difeharge any Man of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, time of Service will expire before the Twentieth Day of No-

•	next enfuing, and to receive any other Local Militia Man in i, who (hall have taken the Oath, and been enrolled according

Dire&iooa of this A&5 and every fuch Man fo difeharged be entitled to the fame Immunity from further Service as if id Imed his full Terra.

HI od be it further ena&ed, That if any Servant whatever, by the Year or otherwife, (hall be enrolled as a Local Militia by firtue of this Ad, fuch Enrolment (hall not vacate or refeind Jootrad or alter the Engagement between fuch Servant and hi9 ft or Miftrels, or Employer or Employers, uulefs the Local Mi-►f the County, Riding or Place for which fuch Servant (hall be (hall be embodied or called out by His Majesty, or ordered (b in purfuance of this Ad, or unlefs fuch Perfon fo enrolled leave the Service of his Mafter, Miftrefa, or Employer or Em-t, for the Purpofe of being trained and exercifed in purfuance Ad,ud (hall not return again to the fame Service at the End Period of Training and Exercife, or as foon after as rea-«ay be, allowing to his Mafter, Miftrefs or Employer or an Abatement from his Wages in Proportion to the Du-d hk Abfence from his faid Service, to be fettled by a Juftice Race in the manner hereinafter mentioned ; and in every fuch where any Difpute (hall arife between fuch Servant and his or Miftrefa, or Employer or Employers, touching any Sum » of Money due to luch Servant for or on Account of his performed before the time of his Departure from Service, under of the faid Enrolment, or by being called out to join Militia in which he (hall have been fo enrolled, or touching itoement to be made by fuch Servant by reafon of his Ab-{lGto.111.	L	n	fence,

VjOOQlC

Perfons to be Serjeants or Corporals.

No Ballot to be for a Piivate appointed a Non-com miffiored Officer or Drummer m Room of One reduced to the Ranks.

At Subdivifion Meetings Men' ballot ted for in Room of thofe whofe Terms <-f Servicewillcxpire before Nov. ao next enfuing. and fuch Men difeharged ami others received.

Enrolment of Servants (hall not vacate Contracts with Matters. Provifo.

Difpute touching Wages under 2d. Juftice may fettle it, and may, grant Warrant for levying Money by Dif-trefs if not paid.

»4 6

A.D. 181

C.38.	52’	GEO.	III.

*

Two Deputy Lieutenants or a Juftice may order Money agreed to be given to Volunteer, to be paid him on Enrolment.

Local Militia permitted to inlifl*

Serjeant, Sic. no: permitted.

fence, for the Purpofe of being trained and cxercifed, it (hall at may be lawful, on Complaint made thereof to any Juftice of the Pea for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Town Corporate or Plac where fuch Mafter or Miftrefs, or Employer or Employers (hall inh bit, for fuch Juftice to hear and determine every fuch Complair and to examine upon Oath every fuch Servant, or any other Witn^ or Witneffes, touching the fame, and to make fuch Order for tl Payment of fo much Wages to fuch Servant in Proportion to t| Service he has performed, or fuch Abatement from his Wages Proportion to the Duration of his Abfence from his Service, in cal where the Party (hall difagree, as the cafe may require, and as to fu< Juftice (hall feem juft ana reafonable, provided the Sum in queft.14 do not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in cafe of Kefui or Non payment of any Sums fo ordered to be paid by the Space Seven Days next after fuch Determination, fuch Juftice may and fha iflue forth his Warrant to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale of tl Goods and Chattels of luch Mafter or Miftrefs, or Employer or Et ployers, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after Pa; ment of the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale.

LXill. And be it further enaded, That if any Chttrchwardei or Overfeers of the Poor fhall have engaged any Perfon to ferve ; a Volunteer as aforefaid, and fuch Churchwardens or Overfeers ftw have agreed to pay to the Perfon fo engaged, a certain Sum for fuC Service, it (hall be lawful for Two Deputy Lieutenants, or any Or Juftice of the Peace, and they and he are and is hereby required, aft< fuch Volunteer has been examined by a Surgeon, and approved a< cording to the Directions of this Ad, and enrolled by the Deput Lieutenants in purfuance thereof, to order fuch Sum of Money as (ha appear to them or him to be clue to the Volunteer fo engaged, to h immediately paid to him on fuch Enrolment, in the Pretence of fud Deputy Lieutenants.

LXIV. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for an Perfon ballotted or enrolled to ferve, or ferving in the Local Milit} under this Ad, to enlill or enter into His Majcfty’s Army, Nav1 or Marines, or as a Subftitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militi of the fame or fome adjoining County, at any time, except durinj fuch Portion of the Period of being aflembled for the Purpofe u annual Training and Exercife under this Ad, as His Mftjcity fits! by any Order made in that Behalf preferibe; and the Enliftingol Entry of every fuch Man fhall be immediately certified by the Office with whom fuch Man fhall have enlifted or entered* to the Office! commanding the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militir from which fuch Man fhall have enlifted or entered ; and all Vacann l arifmg by any fuch eulifting or entering as aforefaid, fhall be fupplrrt in like manner as any other Vacancies in the faid Local Militia Provided always, that no Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of any Re giment of Local Militia, on permanent Pay as fuch, fhall be entitld to his Difchargc, or be allowed to enlill into the Army, Navy 01 Marines, or Regular Militia, or to engage himfelf as a Subftitate 01 Volunteer in the Regular Militia at any time, whether the Regiment to which fuch Non Commiflioncd Officer or Drummer fhall belong* fhall be aflembled for the Purpofe of annual Trailring and Exercife or not, unlefs with the Confent in Writing of the Commanding Officer of hid Regiment given for that Purpofe.

XLV. Pro-



*47

52* GEO. m.

C.38.

LXV. Prodded always, and be it further enaded, That nothing Apprentice* not is tint A & contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to au- permitted to thorite any Apprentice ballot ted under this Ad to enlitt in the Army,

Miry* Marines, or to enter as a Subftituteor Volunteer in the Re£u- r* lwM3ku, or to enter as a Volunteer in the Local Militia, or, bcinfc aMntberof a Volunteer Corps, to transfer himfelf into the Local M3ku without the Confent of his Matter; provided alfo, that no Ballot, Enrolment and Service under this Ad, fhall extend to make void or ii any manner to affed any Indenture of Apprenticefhip or Csrtiad of Service between any Matter or Servant, notwithttanding aoyCofesaiit or Agreement in any fuch Indenture or Contrad; and mSemx under this Ad of anj Apprentice or Servant fhall be denrd or conttrued or taken to be an Abfence from Service, or a fcfckofaay Covenant or Agreement as to any Service or Abfence IraStrrice, in any Indenture of Apprenticefhip or Contrad of Ser-fkej mt thing contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament, or Law: or laws, or Deed or Indenture of Apprenticefhip, or Contrad of Serace to the contrary notwithftanding.	4

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That all Va- Vacancies filled Otars arifing in the Local Militia by fuch enlifting at aforefaid, or ,UP notwichftand* frD&harge, Abfence, Dcfertion, Death or Expiration of Service, Bj|^lpcnfion M be filled up according to the Provifions of this Ad : Provided Volunteers al-dpirs, that it fhall be lawful at any time before the Local Militia lowed to enter oCaay Cooaty fhall be completed to the full Amount fpecified in this until Local Aa as the Quota of fuch County, and alfo at any time thereafter coin“ win any Vacancies Atall arife in fuch Local Militia, for any Perfons plctc<1, between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty five, of the Height of Ibe Feet Two Inches, and not having more than Two Children under Fourteen Years of Age, who fhall be approved of in the manner fcmhefose dineded, (as well Members of Volunteer Corps as others) imbatarSy to enrol themfelves in the Local Militia of fuch County, aceer&^to the Provifions of this Ad, until the full Number of Meu Miked by virtue of this Ad in fuch County fhall be completed.

LXVII. And be it further enaded. That in all Cafes in the Exe- Lieutenant*, codon of this Ad, when any Matter or Thing is dired“d to be Deputies and *sq«ired of or examined into, upon the Oath of any Witnefs or 1 “faces,audio* Witneffes, before any Lieutenant of any County, or any Deputy ^OathL ™ Lteateoaot or Lieutenants, or Jullice or Juftices of the Peace, any fuch Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Jullice or Juftices of the Peace, is or are hereby authorized to adminiltcr fuch 0*th to any Witnefs or Witnefies ; and that all other Oaths to be take* in purfuance of this Ad, fhall and may be refpedively ad-nmafaetdby any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenant.

LXVJIL And be k further enaded, That the Local Militia of How Regiments the fetetal Counties, Ridings and Places aforefaid, fhall be formed of Militia (hall iota Companies, which fhall not confift of more than One hundred b$;fognjd and aid twenty, nor of lefs than Sixty private Men, and that to each of 0 lc€rw factiCompanies there fhall be One Captain, and One Lieutenant and OneEnfigo ; and that where the Number of Men raifed for any Canty, Riding or Place, is fufficient, the Local Militia thereof fhall beforoed into One or more Regiments, confiding of not more than Twfct nor of lets than Eight fuch Companies ; and^where the Number Men railed m any County, Riding or Place, is not fufficient to fan a Regiment, the Local Militia thereof fhall be formed into

- L 2

[e

A.D.iSi

14a	C.38.	ji*	GEO.	III.

a Battalion, confiding of not more than Seven nor of lefs than E fuch Companies; and where the Number of Men raifed is J County, Riding or Place is not fufficient to form a Battalion of fuch Companies, the Local Militia thereof (hall be formed m Corps, confiding of not lefs than Three fuch Companies ; and! the Field Officers of fuch Regiments, Battalions and Corps refl tively, (hall in no cafe exceed the refpeftive Numbers and Ranks) lowing ; that is to fay, in every Regiment confiding of not left i Eight hundred private Men, One Lieutenant Colonel Command! One Lieutenant Colonel and Two Majors; in every Reginaf Battalion confiding of not lefs than Four hundred and eighty Men, One Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, One Lieutenant Cd and One Major ; and in every Battalion confiding of lefs than 1 hundred and eighty private Men, One Lieutenant Colonel and 1 Major; and in every Corps confiding of Three Companies, One I tenant Colonel or Major, and no other Field Officer: Provided ahl that no Colonel or Field Officer in the Local Militia (hall be a Catf of a Company: Provided alfo, that every Battalion confiding ofT| Companies or fipwards, may have One Company of Grenadiflf Light Infantry, to which Two Lieutenants (hall be appointed nit of One Lieutenant and One Enfign 5 and that every Regiment! have One Company of Grenadiers and One Company of Light) fantry, to each of which Companies Two Lieutenants (hall bei pointed indead of One Lieutenant and One Enfign: Provided! that to every Company confiding of Ninety private Men or upsrtl there may be Two Lieutenants and One Enfign, or Three It tenants, as the cafe may be.	J

HisMajeftymay LXIX. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful fbrj any Num- Majedy, by any Order fignified by His Majedy’s Secretary of SI See. fervin ^n^ t0 ^ireft any Number of Officers, Non Commiffiooed Officers i Local Militia at Corporals, aftually ferving in any Regiment, Battalion or Corpl Time of palling Local Militia, at the time of paffing this Adi, to be retained (tat Ad, to be re- the Continuance of the prefent War, or for fo long a time during] tamed, although Continuance thereof as His Majedy (hall think fit, as Officers, exce^PrTor Commiflioned Officers, or Corporals refpeftively of fuch Regin t'*on preferibed" Battalions or Corps, although by reafon thereof the Number of for any Regi-	cers, Non Commiflioned Officers and Corporals refpedively ol

ment,&c.	fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, (hall exceed the Proporti

Officers Non Commiflioned Officers and Corporals refpeftively feribed for any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militi this Aft; and all fuch Officers, Non Commimoned Officers and porals fo retained as aforefaid, (hall be entitled to fuch Pay, Ec ments and Advantages as other Non Commiflioned Omens Corporals refpeftively are by Law entitled unto 5 any thing m Law or Aft to the contrary thereof notwith dan ding.

Officers retained LXX. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enafted, That the Ofl beyond Propor- fQ retained who (hall exceed the Proportion of Officers refped to* facce ed^o^* preferibed for any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, (hall fuccen Vacancies. Vacancies which may occur in fuch Regiment, Battalion or ( relpeftively, according to their refpeftive Ranks, and beginning the elded Officer of each Rank refpeftively.

In cafes of Regi- . LXXI. And be it further enafted, That where the Local N mems being re- of any County, (hall, previoufly to the pafling of this Aft, ha**1 duced, Officers fided of Two or more Regiments, Battalions or Corps, and any

	I

AD.i8i2.

149

52* GEO. III.

C.38.

or more of foeh Regiments, Battalions or Corps, (hall fin confequcnce may he appointed of the Redu&ou ofthe Quota of Local Militia for fucn County under to other this Ad) be reduced, it (hall in every fuch cafe be lawful for His mfDU*

Majefty to order and dired that any Number of Field Officers, and Omm together with the Adjutant and Quarter Mafter, who* were fernagatthe time of patting this Ad, fhall and may be appointed by the Lieutenant of fuch County to ad as Field Officers, Officers, Adjutant or Quarter Matter refpedively, in any other Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia within the faid County, and (hall condone to ferve in any fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which they may be fo appointed, although by reafon thereof the Number of Officers in fuch Regimeut, Battalion or Corps may exceed the Proportion of Officers prefcribed for any Regiment, Battalion or Cops of Local Militia under this Ad ; and all fuch Officers fo ap-poifited and retained as aforefaid (hall be entitled to fuch Pay, Rank,

Emolument and Advantages, a3 other Officers of the Local Militia are added to, and (hall fucceed to Vacancies which may occur in foch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, according to their refpedive Risks, beginning with the eldeft Officer of each Rank refpedively 5 any thing in this Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXII. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for His His Majesty Majesty, many cafe in which more than One Regiment, Battalion or order *

Corps of Local Militia is ordered to be raifed in any County, to	10	***

(bed the Lieutenant, Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of v e fech County to divide fuch County, for the rurpofes of this Ad,

■to fuch Number of Divifions as there are Regiments, Battalions or Corps to be raifed in fuch County, Regard being had to the Number of Perfons liable to ferve and the Eftabliffiment of each Regiment, ad aO other circumttauces of local Convenience ; and from and after iach Divifion, each of fuch Divifions of fuch County fhall fupply all Vacancies arittng in the Regiments, Battalions or Corps refpedively bdoaffBg to fuch Divifions : Provided always, that luch Divifions and afi Apportionments made in purfuance thereof may be from time to time varied or altered, as Occafion may require.

LXXUI. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for In what cafe Hb Majesty in every cafe for which no fpecial Provifion is made by H“ this Aft, to caufe the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, jCliLtTa tobe*™ to be formed and regulated in fuch manner as to His Majesty fhall feem formed, ficc. meet, in regard to the Number of Regiments, Battalions or Corps, cooformmg in every cafe, as near as the Proportions of Men will admit, to the Eftabliffiment with refped to Regiments, Battalions, Corps and Comnsies, in this Ad particularly direded.

LXXIV. Aud be it further enaded, that it fhall he lawful for the In what cafe Lkstewt of any County, Riding or Place, to ad as Commandant County Lieute-of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia for fuch County, ”am may ,a<a a* Riding or Place, for and during fuch time as there fhall not be any Cosunudant appointed to fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and where the Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, fhall take the Command of any Local Militia of the faid County, Riding or Place,

bd Lieutenant (hall be entitled to the Rank of Colonel, but fhall rat receive any higher Pay than that of Lieutenant Colonel Com-nMdmt: Provided always, that no Lieutenant of any County, Ri-disg or Place, fhall ad as Commandant of more than One Regiment, Battdbaor Corps, at One time, excepting in thofe cafes in which fuch

1*3

Lieutenant

[e



Local Militia Officers accept* ine Commiflions of fame Rankin any other Regiment how to rank.

When Commandant ahfeut from G. B., His Majeffy may direct Officer next in Command to att, who lli all be verted with fame Powers till Commandant rttall return and notify his Arrival,

Officer next

in Command (hall within Seven Days after atfuming the Command, notify Abfcnce of Commandant to County Lieu-tenant, and to

Lieutenant may have transferred his Services to the Local Commandant of more than One Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer

LJCXy* And be it further enabled, That every Officer of Local Militia Regiment, Battalion or Corps, beiug duly cjuali who may have accepted or (hall accept a Commiffion or Appointr of the fame Rank in any other Local Militia Regiment, Battd or*Corps, and (hall thereby vacate his former Commiflion, fhal} -tinuc to rank in the general Service according to the Date”of Commiflfon or Appointment of the fame Rank in the LocaJ Mil fo vacated as aforefaid.

LJk^VI. And be it further ena&ed. That when any Colored other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of L< Militia, (hall be abfent from Great Britain, and until he (hall re! to Great Britain, and {hall have notified his Arrival to the Clerk of Peace of the County, Riding or Place to which fuch Regiment, I talion or Corps, {hall belong, and to the Commanding Officer ; Adjutant thereof, it {hall be lawful for His Majesty, by Wan under His Sign Manual, to direct and order that the Officer i> in Command, who {hall be refidmg in Great Britain, lhall in all c; a£t and ferve as the Commandant of fuch Regiment, Battalion Corps ; and all Powers and Authorities which might have been ercifed by fuch Colonel or other Commandant, fo abfent as aforett while refident in Great Britain, lhall be veiled in and exercift ti the Officer next in Command in fuch Regiment, Battalion or Cor who {hall be relident in Great Britain, and from and after ifluing I faid Warrant as aforefaid, all Matters and Things which ought to tranfadled and done by any other Perfon or Perfons with fuch Coloi or other Commandant wbilil refident in Great Britain, {hall t ran fa died and done during the time aforefaid, with fuch Officer next in Command as aforefaid, who {hall be tefiding in Great Br/tai and all Money diredled to be ifTued or paid to or to the Order fuch Colonel or other Commandant for the Ufe of fuch Regime* Battalion or Corps, {hall be ifTued and paid to or to the Order of fir. Officer next in Command as aforefaid ; and all Adis, Matters ai Things, done by and with fuch Officer fo next in Command afqrclaid, during the time aforefaid, which are or fhall be autborizi or required to be done by or with fuch Colonel or other Commands when in Great Britain, {hall be as good an<i valid as if done by < with fuch Colonel or other Commandant ; and during the Abfert from Great Britain of the Colonel or other Commandant of fucli Ij giment. Battalion or Corps, and until be {hall return to Great Briiq and notify his Arrival as aforefaid, the Officer next in Command, fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who Ifiall be refiding in Grtt Britain, lhall appoint the Quarter Matter to fuch Regiment, Battalj or Corps, in the fame manner as fuch Colonel or other Qommancfc might have done: Provided, always, that fuch Officer fo next i Command as aforefaid, who fball.alFume the Power* fp given to lu as aforefaid, in confequence of the Abfcnce from Great Britain of I Colonel or other Commandant,1 fhall, within Seven Days after i ftal) a flu me any fuch Powers, notify the Abfence from Great 2j[V//g of fuch C6l6nel or other Commandant to the Lieutenant of tq County, Riding or Place, and.alfo to the Secretary at \tfar: Proving alfo, that if any fuch Coloriel or other Commandant as aforefaid, (h# have given any Orders for Qlothing qr other Necd^arigs, or for

1	1	coutreraeuti



Google

S2» GEO. Ill,

C.38.

Secretary at War.

Orders given by Commandant for Clothing or Accoutrements completed, and Moncv paid, though he may leave G. B. *, as (half Orders given by Officer next in Command during Abience ot Commandant, though he may retun*.

coutrexnents, which ought to be provided for the life of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in due Courfe, or in purfuance of any Older by proper Authority, and if before fuch Orders (hall be completed, or after the fame (hall be completed, and before the Money (ball beilfaed for the fame, fuch Colonel or other Cominandaut (hall kite Gnat Britain % the Orders fo given by fuch Colonel or other Comeaadant (hall nevertheless be completed, and the Money to be iflned in rcfpect thereof (hall be paid to the Order of fuch Colonel orothrrCommaxMlant,not\vUhftandiug his Abfcfict from Gnat Britain as ijbrrhki; and in like manner if any Officer fo next in Command as afodaid, (hall, in confluence of the Abfcnce from Great Britain of bis Colonel or other Commandant, and under the Authorities given to him as aforefaid, give any Orders for Clothing or other Necef-fencSjor for Accoutrements, which ought to be provided for the Ufe oHus Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in due Courfe, or in purfuance ofwr Order by proper Authority, and before fuch Orders (hall be competed, or after the fame (hall be completed, and before the Money whirii ought to be iffued (hall be idued for the fame, the Colonel or other Commandant (hall return to Great Britain, and notify his Ar-nial as aforefaid, the Orders fo given by fuch Officer fo next in Com-®»d as aforefaid (hall be completed, and the Money to be iffued in rrfpeti thereof (hall be paid to the Order of fuch Officer, notwith-fiadi&g the Return of fuch Colonel or other Commandant as

aibftfaxL

LXXV1I. And be it further ena&ed, That His Maiefty may and fall appoiut One proper Perfon, who (hall have ferved in fome of Ha Majdty’s other Forces, or in the Militia while embodied, for the Term of Five Years at the leaft, to be an Adjutant to each Re-gisest, Battalion and Corps of Local Militia; and fuch Adjutant, if appointed oat of His Majesty’s other Forces, (hall, during his Service in the Local Militia, preferve his Rank in the Army in the fame Mnaer as if he had continued in that Service ; and it (hall he lawful fortW Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, on the Recom-meoditsM of the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, fauahoQ or Corps of Local Militia, raifed within fuch County, Ri-dtog or Place, to appoint the Adjutant of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to ferve with the Rank of Captain, provided fuch Adjutant fall have ferved Five Years as a Comimllioned Officer in the Regular or Local Militia while embodied, or in His Majelly’s other Forces, or in the Volunteers, although fuch Adjutant may not have the Qua-OhatioD required by this A£t for Captains : Provided always, that no inch Appointment to the Rank of Captain (hall be valid, unlefs in the Liniment granting the fame it be ipecified in what Regiment,

QatUiknor Corps of the Militia, while embodied, or of His Majeily’s other force?, fuch Adjutant hath lerved, and what was or were the Bate or Dates of his Commiffion or Commiffions: Provided alfo, that ia Adjutant fo appoiuted to ierve with the Rank of Captain,

Mrbf virtue of the Date of fuch Appointment as aforefaid, or othenrik, be entitled to rank above or to command any Captain of a Company in the Local Militia: Provided alfo, that no iuch A^-jjtaat fadl, by reafon of any (uch Appointment a3 aforefaid, be en-to receive any greater 01 other rav or Allowances than thol'e flf Adfcittinta

”	I,	+	LXXVIII.	And



His Majelty to appoint Adjutants from the Army or Militia, who (hall preferve their Rank in the Army, and may be appointed to the Rank r-f Captain after 1 ive Years Service, though not qualified.

No Adjutant fo appointed to the Rank of Captain (hall command a Captain of a Company, or be entitled to greater Pay thta Adjutant.

C.38.

52* GEO. III.

A.D. 181

To Corps of cot Ms than Two Companies a Surreon may be appointed, &c.

la what cafe Surgeons, to receive Pay and Allowance of Surgeon* of Infantry, and holJ CommiHion at Subalterns.

Quarter Mafler

appointed, &c.

No Adjutant, Sec appointed v'ap-tain of Company, nor any Cq>Uin of Company appointed Adjutant, 8c c.

Hall Pay Officer! ferving niny receive He if Pay

LXXV1II. And be it further enaded, That, in erery Regina

Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, confiding of not lefs than Companies, it (hall be lawful for the Lieutenant of fuch Con Riding or Place, with the Approbation of His Majefly, to app One fit and proper Perfon, who (hall have pafled an Examinatioa Surgeons Hall, or at the College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, and1 ccived*his Certificate accordingly, to be Surgeon of fuch Reginq Battalion or Corps 5 and every fuch Appointment (hall recite i Certificate of the Perfon fo appointed, and an attefted Copy thrt (hall be tranfmitted to and filed with the Clerk of the General Me ings; and every fuch Burgeon (hall, while the Local Militia to whi he (hall belong are difembodied, receive Fifteen Shillings per Day! every Day of his Attendance during any Exercife of fuch Lq Militia under this Ad, and One Guinea for every Day that he I attend the Enrolments at the Subdivifion Meetings; fuch lad 9) tioned Attendances being certified by any Deputy Lieutenaif Lieutenants of fuch Subdivifion Meeting to the Receiver Geneid the County, Riding or Place, to which fr.ch Local Militia (haH) long*; and every fuch Surgeon fo appointed a3 aforefaid, (hall, dot the time of the Local Militia to which he (hall belong being embe A receive the Pay and Allowance of a Surgeon of Infantry in Majesty’s other Forces, and be fubjed to the like Rules, Reftrii

and Diredions, in every refped, as far as the fainejmay be applies

ty, Ridiq

and it (hall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County Place, to which fuch Regiment or Battalion (hall belong, on the! commendation of the Colonel or other Commandant tne eof, to j to fuch Surgeon a CommiHion as Lieutenant or Enfign in fuch ] ment or Battalion ; but no fuch Surgeon (hall be capable of re« any Pay in refped of any fuch CommiHion in fuch Local Mi during the time of his being fuch Surgeon as afprefaid.

LxXIX. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful( the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion Corps of Local Militia, with the Approbation of His Majefly, appoint One fit and proper Perfon to be the Quarter Mafier of a fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps refpedively ; and it (ball be If ful for the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place, for wtf fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps (ball belong, on the Recomroenl tion of the Colonel thereof, to appoint fuch Quarter Mafter to fcf with the Rank of Lieutenant or Enfign, although fuch Quad Mafter may not have the Qualification required by this Ad I Lieutenants or Enfigns refpedively: Provided always, that W Quarter Mafter (hall not be capable of holding any Commiffiosi receiving any Pay in refped of any CommiHion in any Company is d Local Militia, during the time of his being fuch Quarter Mafter! aforefaid.

LXXX. And be it further enaded, That no Adjutant, Surgtt or Quarter Mafter in the Local Militia, (hall be capable of be» appointed Captain of a Company, nor (hall any Perfon holding ft CommiHion of Captain of a Company be capable of being appoints Adjutant, Surgeon or Quarter Mafter of Local Militia.

LXXXI. And be it further enaded, That no Officer who 11 a titled to Half Pay (hall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit fbcj Half Pay. during the time he (hall ferve as Colonel, Lieutenant Ce lonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, Enfign, Adjutant, Quarter Made

Goggle

153

52° GEO. ni.

C.3I.

r Surgeon in the Local Militia, but that the feme (hall neverthelefs ontinne; and in dead of the Oath ufually required of Half Pay Offi-«n to eotitle them to the Receipt of their Half Pay, every fuch Jficer fo entitled to Half Pay, and fenring as aforefeid, (hall take the Wowing Oath:

1 T A.B. do fwear. That I had not, between the ►A	and the	any

or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, I* bcfides my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced	in

w	late Regiment of	fave and ex-

f apt my Pay as [Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major Captain, k Lfrotenaot, Enfign, Adjutant, Quarter Mafter or Surgeon, as tbc iufe may be], for Terving in the Local Militia.’

padthr taking of the (aid Oath (hall, without taking any other Oath, p faficirnt to entitle fuch Perfon to receive his Half ray.

LLXXXII. And be it further ena&ed. That Serjeants, Corporals 1 Drummers, (hall be appointed to the Local Militia, in the fol-nris? Proportions ; that is to fay, there (hall be One Seijeant and be Corporal to eveiy Twenty private Men; and there (hall be Two frxmmere to every Company, with an Addition of One Drummer r each Flank Company of Regiments or Battalions confiding of he or more Companies as aforefaid; and all Sexjeants, Corporals id Drummers, not being retained on permanent Pay at Head Quarts io the manner hereinafter directed, (hall take the Oath herein-ffore directed to be taken by Perfons chofen by Ballot to ferve the Local Militia ; and that all Seijeants, Corporals and Drummers, ko mar have confented or been engaged to remain on Permanent tj at Head Quarters as hereinafter dire&ed, (hall take the following mh; that is to (ay,

H A B.do fincerely promife and fwear. That I will be true and I faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, raod that I will faithfully ferve in the Local Militia within Great Ijriten, for the Defence of the fame, until I (hall be legally dif-|xforged.’

hod all fuch Seijeants, Corporals and Drummers receiving permanent fiY as fuch from any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, (hall be deemed b be engaged, and (ball be compellable to ferve in fuch Regiment, Mttafion or Corps, until they (hall be legally difenarged, and when

tinsdual Service (hall be new clothed once in Two Years : And Colonel or otheT Commandant of every Regiment, Battalion or fCorpi, confiding of Two or more Companies, may appoint a Seijeant ^pKajpr, and the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, !Wb£oa or Corps, confiding of Three or more Companies, may appoint a Drum Major: Provided always, that no Perfon who (hall , -keep ay Houfe of publick Entertainment, or who (hall fell any Ale *4* Wine, or any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail, (hall ; capable of being appointed, or of ferving or receiving permanent ’ftjr as an Adjutant, Quarter Mafter, Seijeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer in the^Local 'Militia.

LXXXIll, And be it further ena&ed, That any Serjeant, Cor-

Col or Drummer, whether upon permanent Pay or otherwife, may Acharged by the Colonel or other Commandant, and the faid Cdond or 0 ther Commandant may appoint any proper Perfon in the

Room

VjjOOQIC

on taking following

Oath.

Proportions of Non Comroiflion Officers and Drummers.

Oath to be taken by Non Commif-fion Officers and Drummer* on permanent Pay.

Seijeant Majors and Drum Majors appointed; but no Publican (hall ferve as Serjeant, See.

Commandants may difeharge Seijeants, Stc. and appoint others.

*5 4

Extra Drummers kept as Lifers or Mud. dans, at Expence of Regiment,

Local Militia when embodied entitled to Fay, See, as Regular Militia.

Local Militia entitled to Allowance for Ncccffaries.

His Majesty may put Local Militia under Command 0/

general Office**;

C.38.

52° GEO. III.

A.D.184

Room of every Serjeant, Corporal find Drummer, who (hall defert, be difTmifled or difeharged, all which Seijeants, Corporals I Drummers, fo appointed, (hall take (lie like Oath as i» hereiob ' required to be taken by Serjeants, Corporals and Drunamcr*1

tively.

LXXXIV. /\.nd be it further enad<'dt That in cafe HUMajd Lieutenant for any County, Riding pr Place, or the Colonel or c Conmpindant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local I (hall be defirous of keeping up a greater Number of DrummerHll is hqcin directed to be employed as Fifers or Muficians for the i of any fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and (hall be defray the Expcnce of fuch additional Drummers, it (ball and may! lawful for fuch Lieutenant or Colonel, or other Commandant, toreif in their refpedive Regiments, Battalions or Corps, any Number} the Drummers employed or to be employed as Fifers or Mufieil therein, over and above the Number cllablifhed by this Act, «r* any time hereafter to engage any additional Number of lVumiMfst ad as Fifers or Mqfivians m their refpedive Regiments, Battalioan Corps; and all fuch Drummers fo retained or in future engaged! ferve in any fuch Corps as Fifers or Muficians, (hall he cer* Drummers of Local Militia within the Meaning of this Ad, to} Intents and Purpofes what foever, and (hall be fubjed to the hi Orders, Regulations, Penalties and Punilhments, as other Dntnw* of Local Militia are by this Ad fubjed, and (hall continue to fak as Drummers fo long as they (hall receive the fame Pay and CfotM as other Drummers have, or better Clothing in lieu thereof, anil longer.	*!

LXXXV. And be it further rnaded, That the faid Local when drawn out and embodied (hall be entitled to the feme Pay* Allowances, for themfelvcs and Families, according to their refpedl Ranks, as His Majesty’s other Militia Forces when drawn out* embodied.

LXXXVI. And be it further enaded. That every Per&Mi eoiok to ferve in the Local Militia under this Ad (hall, upon being aftf bled for Training and Exercife under this Ad, be entitled to a St not exceeding Ten Shillings and Six pence for the Firffc Year oft Service,.and Five Shillings and Three pence for, each fucqeeding Y<* of Service, to be paid to the Captain commanding the Company I which fuch Man (hall belong, for tbe Purpole of providing and ktt| ing up fuch NecefTarics for fuch Pcribn as may be lpecified in tv Order from His Majelly’s Secretary of State to that Efted; atulJ fuch Sums of Mouey (hall, at the Couclufiop of each Period of Ea ercife or Service as aforefaid, be accounted for, by the Captain com roanding each Company, to the Quarter Mailer of the Re^naal Battalion or Corps to which fuch Captain (hall, Wong; and ihcE* hduc, if any, paid to fuch Quarter Mailer, who fhaii account forth fame, to the Secretary at War: Provided always that no pejrfoaittl be entitled to receive any Allowance for Neceflaries* who. (ball have been prefent during the whole of the Period of Annual. Ewdi LXXXVIL And be it further euadted, That it.(hall he.Wftdfa Mfyefty, to put: the Local Militia enrolled under thia aflernbled for Training or Exercife in time of War, or.when embodk as hereinafter motioned in like manner as the Regular Militia wiw embediedi. undef Cpmmaml of fuch Gep/erai Q%*r*o£Iiii Be

jub



*55



520 GEO. III.

C-3»-

grip Forces, as His Majesty (hall pleafe to appoint; any thing in J|if Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

TAJCXVUI. And be it farther enatted, That it (hall be lawful His Map#y to order and direct that the Local Militia to be raifed ggkr this 4c£> (hall be called out within their refpettive Counties in $|£tYear» at fuch times, in fuch manner, and in fuch Proportions and Bad? fach Regulations as His Majesty (halldireft in that Behalf, for & juipole of being trained aud exercifed, Regard being had to the fieaj Circum fiances of each County, and to the Seafons moft im-gytant to the Courfe of Induftry and Cultivation within the fame; ajyl the Periods and Places for fuch Exercife lball be appointed by pf Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the feyeral Counties, with .tjf Approbation of His Majesty : Provided always, that no Local fia Men under this Adt (hall be trained or exercifed any greater er of Days in the whole in each Year than Twenty eight entire exclusive of Days of arriving at and Departure from aud f*wbi8g to and from the Place appointed for Exercife (for which extnDays the Pay and Subfiftence allowed to His Majesty’s Forces oiMarchfhall be allowed) ; and no fuch Local Militia (hall be ordered to march for fuch Training and Exercife out of the County mtiiii which any fuch Local Militia (hall have been enrolled, uulels a hereinafter directed.

LXXXIX And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for Hu Majesty, by any Order notified by His Secretary of State, upon the Application of the Lieutenant of any County in which the principal Town or T°U'ns of fuch County (kali not afford fufficient Accommodation for the Quartering of the Local Militia of the County, during the Training and Exercifing of fuch Local Militia, or in any cafe in which it in^y be more convenient with refpedt to the Refidence of the per tons enrolled in fuch Local Militia, and to the Diftajice which fuch PerfoDS may have to march for the Purpgfe of being trained and exercifed, to authorize and aUpw, and to order the Local Militia of (ach County, or any Regiment^ or Regiment thereof, or any Dt> fedbaent or Company of any fuch Regiment, to be marched into any a^iaipg County for the Purpofe of training and exercifing * any tbiagin this, A& to the contrary oo.twithftandmg.

XC. And be it further enadfcecb That when the Lopa) Militia of my County ftuJJ have been fo calfed out ibr. the Porppfe of being trained and, ejcercifed, it (hall, he lawful foi! hhs Majesty by any Order q§Rk Priori pal, Secretary of State, at anytime that He may think $t, to order and, direct any Part or Proportion of fuch Local Militia to he difauffed, and its Exercife tP he difcontinued; mid from time to time again to direct the alfifipbfiug of, any fuch Local Militia, or my Part or Proportion thereof* for the Pbrpofe of being trained and e^rohd, as to *His Majesty may feem neeeffary, according to the Robs mi Provifions in this AA contained.

XCl And be it further enabled. That in.cafe any Pcribn enrolled to (me as a ^riyate in the Local Mfiitja under, this A^ (hall be de? itv^ofrcmqwg from Ooc County to another. County, at any time ftrtkge* durlpg the Period of his. Service, it (haU be lawful for him fo to toupon giving Notice in Writing.to hift Commanding Officer, who the ume to the Lieutcnant.or Deputy Lieutenants, or the dtrkfftthtLieiilepancy, ofjtju? County to which fuch Local Militia Ru touoii to tcmpxe.; and svgy.Yuch. Locals	Man fix re-

moving, 

and may order it to be called out yearly to be trained.

Men not to be trained for mote than 28 Days in a Year, nor be ordeied to march from County in which enrolled.

In what cafe Local Militia may be marched into adjoipipg County,

HU Majesty qa*y difmifs any Part of fuch Militia Men, and dif-continue Training, 5cc.

Men may remote firoro One County to another;

Penalty*

but not during Period of training.

Men not ap» pearing.

Penalty.

C.38.

5 2° GEO. in.

A.D

,,

Lord Lieutenant, Sec. may call out Local Militia for Sup-preffion of Riots.

When focalled ' out, deemed aflembled for Training, and fame notified to Secretary of State ; but not to be kept fo aflembled orare than 28 Days in' One Year.

moving, (hall foe received into the Local Militia of the County, if tl be any Local Militia enrolled in fuch County ; and if not, into Local Militia of fome adjoining County to that to which he (hall 1 removed, and (hall continue to ferve therein for the Remainder of Term for which he (hall have been enrolled 5 and every fuch L Militia Man who (hall not prefent himfelf to the Deputy Ueutefl of fome Subdivifion in fuch County or fuch adjoining Court aforefaid, for the Purpofe of being enrolled in the Local 1! thereof, and who (hall not tranfmit to the Commanding Officii the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from which he (hall have within One Month after the Expiration of fuch Annual Trains Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalia Corps into which he may have been received, of his having been 1 trained and exercifed in fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, (hall feit double the Sum which fuch Perfon would have forfeited i had not appeared to be trained and exercifed in the Local MditS which he was b&llotted under this Ad; and every Perfon who again remove, or who (hall proceed to any other County, than tfctf which he (hall have firft given Notice, (hall in like manner again Notice, and tranfmit Certificates as aforefaid : Provided always, { it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon enrolled to ferve as a Local litia Man to remove from One County to another County, during time that the Regiment to which he belongs (hall be affemb without having firft obtained the Confent of his Commanding OS expreffed in Writing.

XCII. Provided always and be it further enaded, That it (hafl lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or for the Vice Lieutenant of County, or for the Sheriff of any County, or, in the Abfeoce of Lord Lieutenant and Vice Lieutenant and Sheriff of any County, any Two Juftices of the Peace, and One Deputy Lieutenant, to < out and affemble the Local Militia, or any Part of the Local M3! of fuch County, for the Suppreffion of any Riot or Tumults in ft County, or in any adjoining County 5 and every Perfon then inrol in the Local Militia fo called out as aforefaid, who (hall not |app and join his Regiment within fuch Time and at fuch Place as (hau fpecified in any Notice or Notices put upon Churches, Chapels other confpicuous Places, or otherwife publickly given, (hall be fi jed to the fame Penalties and Forfeitures as are contained in this A for not appearing when the Local Militia (hall be affembled Training and Exercife : Provided always, that it (hall be lawful any Juffice or Deputy Lieutenant to remit the Whole or any Part any Fine or Penalty incurred for not appearing, upon Proof that Perfon not appearing was prevented by Abfence, or any unavoidaB caufe from receiving fuch Notice, or appearing as aforefaid 5 aj all fuch Local Militia, when fo called out and affembled on fuch Si vice as aforefaid, (hall be deemed to be affembled for Training u Exercife under this Ad \ and all Provifions relating to the Lod Militia when affembled for Training and Exercife (hall apply to tl Local Militia called out upon fuch Service as aforefaid, and all Da of fuch Service (hall be deemed Part of the Days of Training ai Exercife under this Ad: Provided always, that when any Local b! litia (hall be fo called out as aforefaid, the fame (hall be immediate notified to One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, fij His Majesty’s Approbation thereof: Provided alfo, that no fndf

Local

Google



157

52° GEO. III.

C.38.

Local Militia {hall be liable to be kept aflembled upon any fuch Ser-fice for any longer Period than Twenty eight Days in any one Year ; pd if any fuch Service (hall arife after any fuch Local Militia fhall have been trained and exercifcd for the full Period of Twenty eight Day? in fuch Year, then and in fuch cafe the Days of fuch Service finll be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exerciiing of the iucccediug Year.

XCIII. And be it further ena&ed, That any Perfon able and fit to fene, being a Seijeant on the Eftablifhment of Chelfea Hofpital, or an Out Penfioncr on the Eftablifhment of the faid Hofpital, and being appointed to ferve as a Serjeant in the Local Militia, may Jtad (ball receive the Allowance to which he is entitled on the ment of the faid Hofpital, together with his Pay from the faid Local Militia ; and any Perfon who fhall have faithfully ferved %a permanent Pay as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, in the Local MBtia for Twenty Years, or any Perlon who having previoufly ferved a Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man in the Regular Army,or as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in the Regular Militia, Hull by Service in the Local Militia make up on the whole fuch Period of Twenty Years Service in the Army, Militia and Local Militia taken together, and who fhall be difeharged on account of Age or Infirmity, fhall, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or Other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he Hongs, and the Lieutenant, or Two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding or Place to which the faid Regiment, Bat-f(oa or Corps belongs, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Abfeoce of the faid Lieutenant) on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant, and Three or more Deputy Lieutenants sf fuch County, Riding or Place, be entitled to Examination at the IUfu Board, and be capable of being placed on the Eftablifhment of the faid Hofpital at the Penfion of Five pence per Diem, if the iad Board fhould judge him deferving thereof.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That, during fuch time as any Local Militia fhall be affembled for the Purpole of being trained and fensdbd, or for the Supprefiion of any Riot or Tumult as aforefaid, all the Claufes, Provifions, Matters and Things contained in any Adfc of Parliament which fhall then be in force for the punifhing Mutiny ar»d Defertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their bittltasj and in the Articles of War made in purfuance of fuch A&,. shall be in force with refpedt to fuch Local Militia, and to all the Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of tht fame, in all Cafes whatfoever, but fo that no Punifhment fhall ex-tefkdtoLife or Limb; and' that it fhall be lawful for the Officer awttding and prefent with any Detachment or Divifion of Local Militia called out to exercife under any of the Provifions of this Adi, oot bring under the Rank of Captain, to order, when he fhall think it aeceflary, a Regimental Court Martial to be held for the Trial of nee committed by any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or prime Man under and during his Command; and if a fufficient Number tif Officers fhall not be prefent to conftitute fuch Court Martial, it flail be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Bat-tabon or Corps of Local Militia, to which any fuch Detachment or Dirifion of Local Militia fhall belong, and he is hereby required upon Application made to him by the Officer commanding fuch Detachment

LnOOQlC

Serjeants of Chelfea Hofpital ind Out Pen-fioners, may receive Allowances therefrom, together with Pay in Local Militia. Serjeants, Sc c. having ferved in Local Militia ao Years may receive Chellea Penfion.

During Time of Exercife, Mutiny A£l and Articles of War how far in force.

Officer commanding any Divifion of Local Militia called out to exercife, not being under Rank of Captain, may aider Courts Martial to be held, and Commandant of Regiment, on Application, (hall order a fufficient Number of Of*

A.D. i8u:

158	C.38.	GEO.	III.

ficers to attend, but Sentence fhall befub-tnitted to Commandant,

Offences committed during Training may be tried afterwaids.

Notices ofTime* and Places of Kxercile lent to tSubdivificn Meeting?, who fbulliffueOiders tc*r calling out Men; Notices iidvertifed and :dKxeri ori CiwrcK Doors, diffident.

merrt or DMfitfn for that Purpofe, to order a fufficient Mnrnteri Officers of proper Rank to attend for the Purpofc of affifting at foi Court Martial, who fhall forthwith attend the fame, and affift 1 Meftibfcrs thereof; and the Sentence of every foch Ccnlrt Mail fhall in every cafe he fubmitted to the Colonel or Other Commandant the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which fuch Detachment or 1 vifion (hall belong, or (in his Abfence from the County, Riding 1 Place) to the Senior Field Officer within the fame, for bis Apprmfl thereof, who fhall caufe fuch Sentence to be put in Execution, not gated or remitted as he (hall in his Difcretion think heft for the Q& vice: Provided always, that every fuch Court Martiat which xdl 1 have been afTerhbled for the Trial of any Offender as aforefaid, dnril the Period of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, being aflembled ( Training and Exercile, or for the SnpprefTion of Riots or Tucoofe may continue to fit not with (landing the Difmiflhl of the Regimes Battalion or Corps, to which the Members compofing the Col Martial may belong.	*

XCV. And be it further ena&ed, That every Officer, Non Co4 miffioned Officer, and Private Man of the Local Militia, who !hd( during fhe Period of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to whid

he (hall belong, being embodie d or a (tumbled for Training and £# ~	ts	and Tumults, have been gullfl

erCife, or for the Supprdlion of Riots and Tumults, have been gu of any Offence againft any Ad of Parliament in force for the Pun] irtent of Miitinv and D*efertion, or any Articles of Weir made in (NR ftiaUce of any* fnch Ad, and fhall have been put under Arreft for, 4 ihall hav^ been reported to any Officer of his Regiment, Battalion 4 Corps, t&have committed fuch Offence before the Difembodyrog l) Difmiflal of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, may be tried by >4 General or Regimental Court Martial confiding of Officers of tM Militia or Local Militia, and if found guilty may be pnnifhed IA fuch Offence, although the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to vdsA fuch Officer, Non Commiflioncd Officer or Private Man fhall belong fhall not then be embodied or afTembled, in like manner as any Office^ Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, or Private Man of the Local Militl niay be tried during the Period of the Local Militia being embodied.’ XCVI. And be it further enaded, That Notices of the Times ad Places of Exercifc of the Local Militia Men to be raifed by virtue 4 this Act fhall, by Order of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or (is .the Abfence of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant) of any Three W puty Lieutenants, be fent by the Clerk of the General Meetings H tire Clerks of the feveral Subdivision Meetings in the rcfpe&ive CotrtN tiefc, Ridings and Places: and fhdll be atfvertifod by the Clerk df the General Meetings Three TitfieB irt the County Paper, or if ity County fhall hdve no Paper, then in tfie Paper of feme adjoirior Cofrnty, and the Deputy Lieutenants, at feme Subdiviflon Meeting tb bd held for carrying this A& into Execution, after the Receipt of thd faid Notide'si (hall caufe the Men ferving for fuch Subdivide* be catted out in fuch Order and Courfe as fhall have been notified by the Clerk of the General Meeting® as aforefaid, and for that Pm* plbfe fhall ifue Orders to the Chief Conftables , of other Officer* d the feveral Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Dm* fitoris refpe&ively, with Dit£&ions to forward the fame to the Co»* Rabies, Tythmgmen, HeadboroUghs artd other Officers within their refpeftive Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Dirifiont,

which

google

*

A.D.i3j2.

^2° GEO. III.

C.38.

*59

: a n Conilabks, Tythmgmen, Headboroughs and other Officers, bail caofc inch Notice as aforefaid, to be affixed on the Door of the .'hcrcbesor Chapels belonging to their refpetftive Parifhes, Tvthinga places, or (ifany Place (hail have no Church or Chapel belonging hereto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of fome Parifh,

Vi ; or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice fo advertifed or Ibxcd Miforekiid, (hall be deemed a fufficient Notice to every Ferfon '-.rotted by virtue of this Acf, notwithftanding any Omiffion in the

of written Notices in manner hereinafter directed ; and luchf ConftaMes t#

'V , fy* hingrneri, Headboroughs and othcrOfiicers, arc hereby give written - i nio to give Notice in Writing to the feveral Local Militia Notices to Men *mo (hall be called out to be trained and exercifed at fuch Times lo*ue»d.

Fbces reipe&ively, by ferving them perfonally, or by leaving the it their ufoal Place of Abode, to attend at the Time and Place .T iv-ooed ia fncli Order ; and all fuch Local Militia Men (hall duly si the Time and Place of Exercife according to fuch Notices rr't^edwdy.

^Vlf. And be it further enabled, That the Clerks of the feveral Clerks of Sub'll Meetings in every County, Riding or Place, (hall, within divifion Meet-jpnc? of Ten Days after the Receipt of fuch Notices as aforefaid, jn?s 10 fen<* row the Clerk of the General Meetings, caufe a full and trite Lift*	en-

tying the Name and Date of the Enrolment of all the Perfons place of*™6 fd (within each Subdivifion refpc&ivoly ) to ferve in fuch LoCal Ererafe, to ind the Time and Place of Exercife to be tvanfmitted to the Commanding t>-rruanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local’ 0|hccrs»&c* for which fuch Perfons have been enrolled by virtue of this A r or to fuch Perfon as fhall be appointed by (\ich Commanding ■ r to receive the fame, and (hall in like manner caufe a Dupli-«f fuch Lift to be tranfmitted to the Adjutant of the faid Regi-Bettalion or Corps.

. /III. And be it further enabled, That the Pay of every Per- When P.iy of HVi to ferve in the Local Militia of any Cdunty, Riding or Men called out mien not embodied and called ont into aftoal Service, and to Erercife,to Bail be called out for the Purpofe of being trained and exercifed i, dial I commence upon the Day on which fuch Perfon fliall^ i»*e Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Divilion to Ik Ihwl belong, and Uot before.

X. And be it further cna&ed. That, in cafe any Local Mi- Local Militia

ftrall on hi* March to the Place udiere he (hall be ordered Man falling fick

■ ••Jfofthc annual Exercife, be difablcd by Sicknefs or other- «n March how

r* iViU be lawful for any One Jtiftice of the Peace of the County, r“,ieveJ*

!£or Plice, of 3ttv Mayor or Chief Magiftrate of any City,

'• or Plate where fuch Man (hall then be, by Warrant under his

d »d Seal, to order* him fuch Relief, as fuch Juftiee, Mayor or

r Mjpfti it . fhall think reafonable, and the fame fhall be given

’ -('Tti* ■ of the Parifh, Tvthing or Place where fuch Local

a M . (hall then be; and the Officers giving fuch Relief fhall,

* produ-cinan Account of the Expences thereof to the Quarter

i.roi t K- Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which fuch Local Mi-

Man (hall belong (fuch Account being firft allowed under the

had of a Jutlice of the Peace), be re-imburfed fuch Expences by

: Quarter Milter, who fhall be allowed the fame in fuch Accounts*

C. And be it further enacted, That it {brail be lawful for all Magiftrates may

or, Ib i ;s and ether Chief Magiftratcs, and for ail Conftables,

,,	6	7	rP	.	*	Militu when

o	1	ythmjrir "

Gooore

>

{men,

A.D. i8ii*

called out to annual Exercife, and when not embodied may order Lodgings, &c. for Non Commitfioned Officers and Drummers.

Jufllces to grant Warrants for impreffing Car* riages for Local Militia on its March.

Rates paid for Carriage*

C.38.

52* GEO. III.

Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Peace Officers of Citioqi Towns, Parifhes, Tythings and Places, and (in their Default or fence) for any One Judice of the Peace inhabiting within or

any City, .Town, Pariffi, Tything or Place, but for no others, 1

they and he are and is refpe&ively hereby required to quarter billet the Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers, and vate Men ferving in the Local Militia at the Times when they be called out to annual Exercife, in Inns, Livery Stables, Ale Ho Victualling Houfet, and all Houfes of Perfons felling Brandy, Si Waters, Cyder, Wine or Metbeglin, by Retail, upon Applk made to any fuch Mayors, Bailiffs or other Chief Magidrates, or any Conflables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Peace O"* by His Majesty's Lieutenant,or by the Colonel or other Comm Officer of the Local Militia, of the County, Riding or Place they (hall be fo called out to Exercife as aforefaid; and when Local Militia is not embodied, nor called out to Exercife as afore all Mayors and other Chief Magidrates and Officers aforefaid, or their Default or Abfence) any One Judice of the Peace as afoi may, and they and he are and is hereby refpedively required to and provide convenient Lodging, with Fire and Candle in fuch Hod| as aforefaid, for the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Loci Militia on permanent Pay.	<

CI. And be it further ena&ed, That when the Local Militia (hi be called out to be trained and exercifed, or for the Supprefliofe4 Riots or Tumults, any Judice of the Peace of any County, Ridi or Place being thereunto required by an Order from the Lieu tea* or from any Deputy Lieutenant of fuch County, Riding or Places from the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any Regimd Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Dividen of Local Militia, bei within fuch County, Riding or Place, may and fhall iflue his Want to the Chief Condables of Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakeii Dividons, or to the Condables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or ot Officers of the feveral Panflies, Tythings or Places, from, throq near, or to which any fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachtn or Dividon of Local Militia, fhall be ordered to march, requiring th to provide fuch fufficient Carriages to convey the Arms, Cloaths, i coutrements, Ammunition, and other Stores, with able Men to dr fuch Carriages, as fhall be mentioned in the faid Order; and in 0 fuch fufficient Carriages and Men cannot be provided within any fs| County, Riding, Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, Divide Parifh, Ty thing or Place, then any Judice of the Peace for any 4 joining County, Riding or Place, may and fhall, upon fuch Order i afore laid being fhewn unto him, iflue his Warrant to the Chief Cq dables, Condables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers < any Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, Dividon, Parifh, Tythq or Place within fuch adjoining County, Riding ,or Place, tor tl Purpofes aforefaid, to make up fuch Dedciency of Carriages ai Men ; and fuch Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant or Colonel, or othl Commanding Officer, requiring fuch Carriages and Men to be pfl vided as aforefaid, fhall at the fame time pay to every fuch Chief Col dable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer, for the Ufe I the Perfon or Perfons who fhall provide fuch Carriages and Men, 4 Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Five Horftd and any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horiqj



Google

161

S2° geo. m.

C.38.

W1 refpc&rptlj travel; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile i«y fucn Cart with Four Horfes (hall travel, and fo in Proportion for any Carriages drawn by any lefs Number of Horfes or Oxen 5 for vhkh refpe&ive Sums every Chief Conftable, Conftable, Tything-naa, Headborough or other Officer receiving the fame, is hereby mnnied to give a Receipt to the Perfon paying the fame 5 and every foch Chief Conftable, Conftable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Oficer, (hall order and appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons having Car-rij^ within their refpeftive Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, Bnioos, Parilhes, Tythings or Places, as they (hall think proper, to jraridc aod fumifti fuch Carriages and Men, according to the War-rat afordaid ; and every Perfon fo ordered, is hereby required to pro-ride aod fizrnifh the fame accordingly for One Day’s Journey, and no mm; and in cafe any fuch ChiefConftables, Conftables, Ty thing, ■a,HeadboToughs or other Officers, (hall be at any Charges for fuch over and above the Money which (hall be fo received by dm as afore faid, fuch Overplus (hall be borne by every County, or Place, where fuch additional Expence (hall be incurred, and be repaid to them without Fee or Reward by the Treafurer of every (sch County, Riding- or Place out of the publick Stock.

Cll. And be it further ena&ed, That, when any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, or any Detachment or Divifion thereof as afaredud, (hall be aftembled for the Purpofe of being trained and emtifed, it (hall be lawful for tlie Captain or Commanding Officer of my Company, to put the Local Militia Men of his Company under Stoppages, not exceeding Four pence per Day, for the Purpofe of wilding them with Linen, and alfo with fuch other Neceflaries, as ml be fpecified in any Order from the Secretary of State to that ESe&, and for defraying the Expence of repairing any Arms which felfcate been broken or damaged by any fuch Local Militia Man’s Netted : Provided always, that every fuch Captain or Commanding Oncer fall account with each Local Militia Man for fuch Stoppage, sad riser having dedu&ed what (hall have been laid out and paid for Neerfcnes, and for repairing the Arms as aforefaid, (hall pay the Sum reariring (if any there (hall be) into the Hands of the Local Militia Mas to whom tne fame belongs, before fuch Local Militia Man (hall be tfmiffed from fuch Training and Exercife.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That the Colpnel or other Com-jconding Oficer of every Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Local {M$tia, as often as his Regiment, Battalion or Corps (hall be called foot to Exercife as before dire&ed, and within Fourteen Days from theme ofaflembling, (hall and he is hereby required to return to the Limtenatof the County, Riding or Place to which the fame belongs, a true State of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and a Duplicate thmri to the Clerk to the General Meetings, to be filed ; and all fach Lift] (hall flat? the Numbers a&ually prefent, adding thereto the Kaats of thofc that have been abfent without Leave of the Com-naodmt, or without tranfmitting Certificates of ill Health; and where the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, (hall be fo ordered to be trained and exercifed in Parts or Proportions fuccef-manner directed by this Ad, the Officer commanding every Wa'hst oT Proportion for the Time being (hall, within Seven Days litortbeaflembling of fuch Part or Proportion, make a Return of the Statesf the Local Militia exercifed by him or under his Command 52Gto.HI.	M	^	^	1 ^	to

vjOCK^lC

If Expence ex-cecd Rates, Overplus repaid bv County Treafurer.

Local Militia Men when called out to Exercife put under Stoppages for providing them with Linen, See.

Returns of Local Militia when called out to he exerciled, to be made by the Colonel, Sec. to the County Lieutenant, &c.

AJD.iSt

i6s

C38.

j2« GEO. lit.

Penalty.

to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion Corps, to which the Local Klilitia fo exercifed (hall belong, on R of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every fuch Omiffion 5 and the Cole or Commanding Officer receiving fuch Return (hall, within Foot* Days after all the Returns of Men belonging to his Regiment, ^ talion or Corps, who (hall have been fo aftembled, (hall have IJ received by him, tranfmit a General Return to the Lieutenant off County, Riding or Place, to which fuch Local Militia (hall beki and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk of the General Meed* to be filed; and in cafe any Officer (hall refufe or negled, for Th Months, after the time herein appointed for making uich Retain* to do, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of H Pounds.

CIV. And be it further enaded, That the Captain or Coma* ing Officer of every Company of Local Militia called out to exc* under this Alt (hall, during the time of fuch Exercife, make oaf corned and accurate Return of the State of the Claffes of the I belonging to his Company, arranged according to the Form ia j Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (D.), fpecifying the fa* Particulars therein mentioned, and the Subdivifion to which e* General Ret urn K fuch Man (hall belong, and (hall deliver or tranfmit. the fame tel end tranfmit Adjutant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or, where their | be no Adjutant, to the Commmanding Officer of the Local Ml of the County, Riding or Place, to which fuch Company dnl| long; and fuch Adjutant or Commanding Officer (as the cafe* be) (hall, within One Month after every fuch Exercife as aforj prepare and make out a general and accurate Return of all ■

___________Claffes, according to fuch Form, and with fuch Specificauoij

menu therefrom, aforefaid, and (hall tranfmit the fame to the Clerk of the G<* Cl«.rk to Gene- Meetings, and (hall alfo tranfmit to the Clerks of the Subdnfl Meetings, within the County, Riding or Place, to the Local Mi of which he (hall belong, Extrads of fuch Return, contain^ State of the Claffes of Men belonging to their refpedive Subdir and fuch Subdivifion Clerks (hall forthwith conned the Boo Enrolment of their refpedive Subdivifions, fo as to correfpoud rately with fuch Return; and the Clerk to the General M< (hall forthwith, upon Receipt of fuch Return as aforefaid, and Two Months after the Expiration of fuch Excrcife as afor make out and tranfmit to One of His Majesty’s Principal Sccrr of State, corred Abilrads of all fuch Returns as aforefaid mad in the Form in the Schedule marked (E.), to thisAdaone and every Perfon fo required as aforefaid to make any fuch Re who (hall wilfully refule or negled to make the fame in manner faid, at the Period hereby required for that Purpofe, lhali, for fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

CV. And be it further enaded, That every Local Militia (not labouiing under any Infiimity incapacitating him) who (b appear at tlie Time and Place appoiuted for his being excrcifa cording to the Dircdions of this Ad, (Notice having been puM and given a* by this Ad required) (hall be deemed a Defcrtet if not taken until after the time of any fuch Exercife, (hall ferfa pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and alfo every Local Militia who, having joined the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to wbi belong^ or any Company or Companies, or Dctachjnrat or Di

Negled

Penalty.

Captains of Companies to make •ut Return for Adjutant, or where none, for Com mend ing Officer, who (hall make out a

fame to Clerk of General Meeting, and necef-fary Extrads to Clerks of Subdivifions, who Hull corred their Books of Enrol-

ral Meeting to tranfmit to Se-cretaryof St.no an AbArad of Returns.

Penalty.

Wen not appearing at Ex ere he, or abfenting.

Penalty.

^CjOO^lC

1

C. 38.	163

Exercife, and (hall not be taken until after the time of fuch Exercife,

(hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if fuch Pe- Penalty, nally fluH not be immediately paid, the Juft ice of the Peace before whom any Local Militia Man (hall be convifted of any fuch Offence,

(hall commit fuch Local Militia Man to the Houfe of Correftion to hard Labour, or to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space not exceeding Three Months, and ■ot kfs than Fourteen Days, or until he (hall have paid the faid Amity.

CVI. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Local Militia Men aWentinf Man (hall defert or abfent himfelf from his Duty, and (hall not lhenlfelve^» tetani and voluntarily furrender himfelf to the Adjutant or other	uke™wfthuj

Ofieer, Coramiffioned or Non Commiffioned, commanding at the Three Months, City, Town or Place where the Arms of the Regiment, Battalion others balloted w Corps to which he (hall belong, (hall be depofited, or (hall not be f°r* tikes within the Space of Three Months from the time of his fo ddertsg or abfenting himfelf, then upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belonged, to the Deputy Lieutenants, at any of their Meetings for the Subdivifion for which fuch Local Militia Man was carolled, fuch Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Juftice of the Peace are hereby required to bold a Subdivifion Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Perfon to ferve and be returned to fuch Regiment,

Battalion or Corps, in the Room of fuch Local Militia Man ; and	re*

wcafe fuch Local Militia Man (hall at any time thereafter return or be taken, he (hall, notwithftanding any Perfon (hall have been chofen fcrvj* ° ** in bis Room, be compelled to ferve in the fame manner and for the few Term, as if no Perfon had been fo chofen in his Room.

CVII. And be it further enafted, That all Mufkets delivered for Muflc’tsmarked* the Service of the Local Militia (hall be marked diftinftly in fome tidbit Place with the Letters (L M), and the Name of the County,

Riding or Place to which they belong ; and in cafe any Local Militia Selling, &c.

Mjq Stall fell, pawn, or lofe or wilfully damage any of his Anns, Arms, &c. or

Cloatbs, Accoutrements or Ammunition, or neglcft or refufe to

Trtnniwhen required to do fo the fame in good Order to his Captain, Order.1'

or to the Perfon appointed to receive the fame, every fuch Local 5

Militia Man (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum

not exceeding Three Pounds ; and if fuch Local Militia Man (hall Penalty.

not immediately pay fuch Penalty, the Juftice of the Peace before

whom he (hall be convifted (hall commit him to the Houfe of Cor-

re&ioQ, to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three

Mouths, or until he (hall have paid fuch Penalty.

CVUI. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon (hall Buying Local ksotrisgiy and wilfully buy, take in Exchange, conceal or other. M,l|lU A*rns> wife improperly receive any Local Militia Arms, Cloaths or Accoir- *c* troBttti, or any fuch Articles belonging to any Local Militia Man is at generally deemed Regimental Neceffaries, or may have been fptrified as fuch in any Order from His Maiefty’s Secretary of State tothatEffcft, being provided for the Soldier, and paid tor by the m<*y allowed under this Aft for providing Neceffaries, or by D$-drihm out of bis Pay, or any publick Stores or Ammunition whatever Mrntl for tbe Local Militia, upon any Account or Pretence

M 2



ycy(bfotfoever,

A.D.i8i2

Penalty.

Imprifomr.ent.

When Local

Militi 4 not embodied, how Adjutant*, See. may be tried.

Commandant of Corps to which Offender belong* may order any refidentOffi-cf rs of Local .Militia of County touflift at a C\*r.rt Martial, but not entitled to Ray. Sentence not put in Execution until confirmed by Colo:.el, Sec.

Non ermmif-tward Officers,

C.38.	52* GEO. IIL

what foe ver, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad the Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offiroc the Sum of Ten Pounds ; and if fuch Offender (hall not immediate^ pay fuch Penalty, and (hall not have fufficient Goods and Chattel whereon to levy luch Penalty, the Juttice before whom he or (he (hd be convi&ed (hall commit him or her to the Common Gaol, there I remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Six Montb or uutil he or (he (hall have paid the faid Fine, or (hall caufe fud Offender to be publickly or privately whipped, at the Diferetiu of fuch Juftice ; and it (hall be lawful for the Juftice before who* any fuch Offender (hall be convi&ed, to order him to be detanw in Cuftody until a Return (hall be made to the Warrant of Diftrek

C1X. And be it further enacted. That every Adjutant, Quarta Mafter, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major ami Draft mer of the Local Militia retained on permanent Pay at Head Qurt ters as hereinafter diredted, (hall be at all times fubiedtto any Afl which (hall be in force for punifhing Mutiny and Delertion ; and fa the better Payment.of the Army and their Quarters, and to tk Articles of War, under the Command of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs; and it (hall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, to dired the holding of Courts Martial as hereinafter dire&ed, for the Trial of any fuch Serjeant Major, Seijeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Dramaei of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, by either a General 4 Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence againft the faid Add Articles of War, committed during the Time fuch Regiment, B*» talion or Corps (hall not be embodied or affembled for the purpofc of Training and Exercifc, and for the Trial of any Serjeant, CoP poral, Drummer or private Man of fuch Regiment, Battalion « Corps, who (hall have deferted while the faid Regiment, Battalias or Corps was embodied, and (hall not have been apprehended till afa it (hall have been difembodied, but fo that no Pu»i(hment (hall extol to the Lofs of Life or Limb.

CX. And be it further ena&ed. That, if a fufficient Number el Officers to form a Court Martial cannot be found, it (hall be lawftf for the Colonel or other Commandant, and in his Abfence for the Senior Field Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to vrhidj the Perfon on whom fuch Court Martial is to be held, (hall belong, to order any Officers of the Local Militia of the County, Riding a Place to which fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps (hall belong, ad ally relideut within the Town where 'fuch Serjeant Major, Segea Corporal,.Drum Major or Drummer is to be tried, or within Fift Miles thereof, to attend and aflift as Members of fuch Court Mart who (hall thereupon attend at the time required, and aflift acco ingly, but no Officer (hall be entitled to receive Pay for any ft Attendance: Provided always, that no Sentence ol any Court M tial held as aforclaid on atiy Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Dn Major or Drummer, or private Man as aforclaid, (hall be put iu Ej cution, until it (hall have been con tinned by the Colonel or oft Commandant, or by the Field Officer by whofe Order fuch Coi Martial was affembled.

CXI. And be it further enabled, That any Serjeant, Corporal I Drummer of the Local Militia, may, by Sentence of a Court Alft



1

-A.D. 1312.

$2° GEO. III.

C.38.

i6s

hal, be reduced to the Condition of a private Local Militia Man, &c. nwy ha to ferve as fuch during any time not exceeding Fifteen Months, in reduced, cafe the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, (hall not then be embodied or called out into a&ual Service; and in cafe the Privates if not Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs {hall be then em- ieltoed,dii-bowed or called out into adtual Service to ferve as aforefaid, until the chained.

bodying of the {aid Regiment, Battalion or Corps, after which time or at the End of the faid Fifteen Months, as the cafe may be, if net regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a Non Commiffioned Officer or Drummer, he {hall be difeharged from the Service : Pro. ridfd always, that in cafe any Serjeant , Corporal or Drummer ferving ou permanent Pay lhall have been reduced by Sentence of a Court Martial to ferve as a Private Man, fur any Period not exceeding Fif. tec& Months, fuch Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer lhall not by fuch Redudion be releafed fro in his Engagement, as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, but (hall at the Expiration of the Period of his Re-do&on be again liable to ferve as Inch until legally difeharged ; nor ihill any fuch Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, during the Period of fech Reduction, be at Liberty to enlifl or enter into His Ma-•?s Regular Forces, Navy, Marines or Regular Militia, unlefs with the Confent of his Commanding Officer fpecified in Writing.

CXI I. And be it further enacted, That it lhall be lawful for any Court Martial Court Martial afTembled for the Trial of any Serjeair, Cor- way lenience to poral, Drummer or Private M m of the Local Militia, to fentence L^^or Rrgu-aov fuch Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man to ferve in LuMUiib;

Be Local Militia, for any Period, not exceeding Four Years, over and above the Period for which he may be already enrolled ; or to fentence any fuch Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man to ferre for any Period not exceeding Three Years, in the Regular J' the County ; and fuch Man fhall thereupon be enrolled to fenefaracy fuch Periods, and fhall be, to all Intents and Purpofes,

CDttfofered a Militia Man during fuch Period ; and it fhall alfo be or to Impri&n* lawful for any General or Regimental Court Martial, by whom any ro<nt* focb Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man may have been ftntesced to Imprisonment, to adjudge any fuch Serjeant, Corporal,

Vnumner or Private Man, to be imprifoned in any Houfe of Correction, Common Gaol or publick Prifon of the County, for any Period net exceeding Twelve Months.

CX1II. And be it further cna&ed. That all Gaolers and Keepers Gaolers to roof Prifons, (hall if required fo to do by any Prefideqt of a General or ceive Prifoner*

: Regimental Court Martial afTembled for the Trial of any Setjeant, when required i Corporal, Drummer or Private Man of the Local Militia,treceive into their Curtody, and confine for fuch time as they lhall be refpec-litriy required fo to do, any fuch Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Prime Man who may have been fentenced to Imprifonment by any • fech General or Regimental Coqrt Martial; and every Gaoler ana X?eper of a Prifon whq fhall refufe to receive, and to confine, any fuch Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man, fhall forfeit for Penalty, rv-ry :uch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds : Provided always, tha^ Vxaitta*

I during the Continuance of any fuch lmprifonment, the Gaoler or Keeper of fuch Gaol fhall receive the full Subfillence of fuch Ser-f J«f, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man at the Rate of Six pence f-r Day for his Maintenance, during the time that fuch Serjeant,

Corporal, Drummer or Private Man, fhall continue in Cuftody ;

M 3	which

CjOOQ 1C

A.D.i8u.

Commanding Officers may im-prifon Men previous to Court MartiaL

Arms, Sec.when Local Militia not embodied to be kept in Place appointed by Commandant with Apptoba-tion of County Lieutenant, to be under Care of Quarter Mailer.

His Majesty may order a Proportion of Serjeants, See. to remain on permanent Pay.

Commandant of Corps may agree sv'th Non Com-mlflioned Officers, See. to frrvc o»t reduced Pay, who (ball take thefo.lown g

C.38.	52°	GEO.	III.

which Sum of Six pence $'r Day (hall be paid by the Quarter Mailer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which any fiich Seijeantj Corporal, Drummer or Private Man may belong, and (hall be chargw and allowed in his Accounts.

CXIV. And be it further enabled, That in all cafes in which tl^ Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detach ment of Local Militia fhall deem it neceffary to confine any Serjeant; Corporal, Drummer or Private Man of the Regiment under his Coni mand, in order to hrs being brought to Trial before a Court Martial it lhall be lawful for fuch Commanding Officer, by Warrant unde his Hand, to commit fuch Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Privat Man to the Cuftody of the Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifun, Gad or Houfe of Corredion, who (hall receive into his Cuftody andconfia fuch Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man accordingly, fad Gaoler receiving the full Pay of fuch Seijeant, Corporal, Dimasa or Private Man, for his Maintenance during the time he may eon tinue in fuch Confinement: Provided always, that no fuch Seijeani Corporal, Drummer or Private Man (nail continue in Confincmeni in order to his Trial by Court Martial more than Light Days, 0 until a Court Martial can conveniently be aflembled.

CXV. And be it further enabled, That the Arms, Accoutrement Clothing, and other Stores, belonging to every Regiment, Battalia or Corps of Militia, when not embodied, (hall be kept in fuch cook nient Place as the Colonel or other Commandant (hall dired, wit the Approbation of the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place and that the Quarter Matter to fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corpst Local Militia, (hall have the Charge and Care of fuch Arms, Accoi trements, Clothing and other Stores, under the Superintendence 0 the Colonel or other Commandant ; and it (hall be lawful for tti General Meeting of Lieutenancy for any County, Riding or Plad to order and dired a convenient and proper Place for the Purpofe 0 keeping fuch Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores to Is provided or built, if no fuch convenient and proper Place can b found, the Hire or Coft of which Place (hall be paid for by the Trfl furer of fuch County, Riding or Place, out of the County Rates.

CXVI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for HI Majesty to order and dired that fuch Proportion of Serjeants, C01 porah and Drummers, not exceeding One Half of each Rank, tej gether with the Adjutant, Quarter Matter, and Staff Serjeants, 0 each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, (hall remain on permanent Pay at the Head Quarters of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, as Hi Majesty (hall order and dired.

CXVII. And be it further enaded, That in every cafe in whicl His Majesty, by His Secretary of State or otherwife, (hall hare 01 dcred and direded, or (hall hereafter order and dired, that the Ser jeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia allowed t| remain on permanent Pay, (hall be reduced in any Proportion beloii One Half of each Rank as hereinafter (pccified refpedively, it (W be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion 01 Corps, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenantt or Deputy Lieutenant ading for the Lieutenant, in cafe the Lieutel nant lhall be abfent, and of His Majesty’s Secretary of State, to agrtt with the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of his Regiment, Battalioi or Corps, or any of them, or with any other Perfons willing to engage



AD*i8i2.

5a0 GEO. III.

C.38.	1*7

to fare as fuch, notwithflaoditig the Number fo willing to engage J tmj exceed the Half of each Rank, to ferve as Serjeants, Corporals * and Drummers upon any reduced Pay, during the Periods of the Regi-nrot. Battalion or Corps not being embodied or aflembled for Exer-cife,io fiich maimer as to the Number of Days’ Pay to be allowed, or the Reduction of any Proportion of the Pay per Diem, as (hall be authorized by the Secretary of State in that Behalf; and every Ser-i jent. Corporal and Drummer, agreeing to ferve as fuch upon any fuch J reduced Pay as aforefaid, (hall take the following Oath before fome Depaty Lieutenant or Juftice of the Peace of the County, or Magi-me of the Place to the Local Militia of which be (hail belong 1 which Oath every fuch Deputy Lieutenant, Juitice of the Peace or Magiftrate, is hereby authorized to adminifter; that is to fay,

* 1 A- B. do engage to ferve as a [Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, Oath* « as the c	in	the	Local	Militia	of	until

«I (hall be	rged,	upon the Terms of receiving

< daring fuch Periods as fuch Local Militia (hall not be embodied or «ifleabled for Exercife.*

[	Afld every fuch Oath (hall be reduced to Writing, and figned and at-

tried by the Deputy Lieutenant, Juftice of the Peace, or Magiftrate , adminidering the fame, and delivered to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer (hall belong, and a Duplicate thereof (hall, if required, he given to the faid Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer ; and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drurpmer fo engaging to ferve on fuch reduced 1 Pay as aforefaid, (hall be compellable to ferve in tbe Local Militia for , tbe full Period of bis Service, in the fame manner as if he had received tbe foil Pay of his Rank therein, and (hall be fubjeft to the Pro-vifions contained in any Aft of Parliament which (hall be then in force for the Puni(hment of Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the better I Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War Bade in purfuance thereof; and it (hall be lawful for any Command-sgOficerof Local Militia who ihall engage any Serjeants, Corporals i»d Drummers to ferve upon fuch reduced Pay, to retain fuch Number of Sejjeants, Corporals or Drummers as fiiall be allowed by His Majesty’s Secretary of State in that Behalf, fo as that the whole Aroouot of fuch reduced Pay (hall not exceed the Amount of the full Pay of tbe Number allowed in any fuch Order of Reduftion as afore-laid; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary OOtwithfUndiug.

CXV1II. And be it further enafted, That the Quarter Matter, NonCommlf-aadall tbe Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, on permanent Pay in fi n Officers to trery Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Local Militia, (hall con- ru le within a . bttiy be refident within the City, Town or Place, where the Arms	Dl^nc®

Woogipg to fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps are kept, or within Arms are^kepn Oae Mile thereof, excepting when on Furlough as hereinafter direfted, a„dbe under or vben ordered to be ablent on Military Duty, under this Aft, or Command of for the Purpofe of railing br enlifting Men for the Regular Militia or Adjutant ; and HaMajefty’s Regular Fcrceg, (which Abfence (hall in no cafe be Monthly Re-far awre than Three Months in any One Year, nor (lull any greater state made to Naober than One Fourth Part of fuch Serjeants, Corporals and Secretary of Drainers be abfent at any one Time) and fuch Serjeants, Corporals State, &c. ted Drummers (hall be under the Command of the Adjutant, who

M 4

(hall



Google

A.D. 1812J

Serjeants, Jrc. if nbfent without Leave.

Penalty. Adjutant abfent without Leave, or for more than Three Months in the Year, except in Sii knefs; and when abfent, the Serjeants, &c. to be under Command of Quarter Matter, &c.

Serjeants, &c. may be ordered to raife Volunteers for Regular Forces or Militia.

Method of pro-ceeding when Information is received of Refidence of l«ocal Militia Man who (hall rot join at annual Esercife, or (hail deiert during it, and not b? apprehended.

C.38.	*a*GEO-III.

(hall be conftantly refident within the faid City, Town or Place, <* within Two Miles thereof, (unlefs as hereinafter provided), and dud a& in fuch Command under the Orders of the Colonel or other Cos* mandant of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps ; and that the Adjd tant, and, in his occafional and unavoidable Abfence, the Seijen Major, or (where there is no Serjeant Major) the Senior Serjen (hall make Monthly Returns of the true State of the Serjeants, Cqtj porals and Drummers of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps fevendlyi to His Majofty’s Secretary of State, to the Lieutenant of the Coootyy and to the Colonel or other Commandant of the faid Regiment, Bah talion or Corps, in Default of which, on each fuch Negle6t, fad Adjutant or Serjeant Major (hall be fubje& to fuch PunUhmeat m a Court Martial (hall adjuge; and that no Seijeant, Corporal of Drummer, (hall be abfent from fuch City, Town or Place, witboot a Regular Furlough or Licence in Writing, figned by his Coload or other Commandant; and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummeq who (hall abfent himfelf without luch Furlough or Licence, (hall (or* feit all Pay during the time of fuch Abfence, and be liable to be apprehended and punifhed as a Deferter ; and fuch Adjutant (half never abfent himfelf from fuch City, Town or Place, without Leave of the Colonel or other Commandant of fuch Regiment, Battalion orj Corps, nor for more than Three Calendar Months in One Year, except in cafes of Sicknefs : Provided neverthelefs, that whenever fudri Adjutant (hall be abfent with fuch Leave as aforefaid, then fuch? Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, (hall be under the Command 06 the Quarter Matter or Seneant Major, or of fome Serjeant who fhaflt be appointed by the faid Adjutant, with the Approbation of the faii-Colonel or other Commandant, to a61 as Serjeant Major during the* Abfence of fuch Adjutant or oftheSeuior Serjeant, when the Corp*f has not any Adjutant or Serjeant Major.	«

CXIX. And be it further enatted, That it (hall be lawful for Hh> Majefly at any time to order and dire& that the Serjeants, Corporal*3 and Drummers of the Local Militia retained on permanent Pay it, Head Quarters as aforefaid, (hould be employed within their Tefpedin^ Counties under the Command of the Adjutant in raifing Volunteer! ■ for His Majesty’s Regular Forces or for the Militia: Provided always, that no fuch Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, who (hall have ■ confented to receive any reduced Rate of Pay during the Period of 1 the Regiment to which he belongs not being embodied or aflembkd ' for Exercife, (hall be compellable to be employed on fuch Service ■ in any other Town or Place than that in which the Arms belonging to fuch Regiment arc kept, without his Confent fpecified in Writisg.

CXX. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Local Militia Man I (hall not join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, Detachment or | Divifion to which he belongs, at the time of annual Exercife; or (hall ! defert during the time of annual Exercife, and (hall not be apprehended before the Expiration of the time appointed for fuch Exercife, and if the Commanding Officer, or the Adjutant of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or the Commanding Officer of the Company, Detachment or Divifion to which fuch Offender belongs, (ball receive Information of the Place where he (hall be or reiide, any fuch Commanding Officer or Adjutant may, by ‘Writing under his Hand, deferibe the Perfon of fuch Offender, and alfo certify that he did not join the Regiment; Battalion; Corps; Detachment or Dirifion, at



Google

A.D. i8n.

52 GEO. III.	C.38.

the Time of annual Exercife, or that he deferted during the time of influal Exercife (as the cafe may be), and fend the lame by a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps or to the Senior Serjeant when there is no Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Corps, of the County, Riding or Place wherein fuch deader is fuppofed to be or refide 5 and the Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Senior Serjeant, to whom filch Certificate (hall be feat, feaf! forthwith direct a Party of the Seijeants, Corporals or Drwwm of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, to iSk in apprehending fuch Offender, and in conveying him before feme Juftice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Divifion, wherein fccb Offender (hall be apprehended; and if by his Confeffion, or the Telimony of any Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, or the Knowledge of fuch Juftice, it (hall appear or be found that fuch ftdba h guilty of fuch Offence, fuch Adjutant, Serjeant Major or Senior Serjeant as aforefaid, (hall order a Party of the Serjeants, Cor-pofsb or Drummers under his Command, to convey fuch Offender to the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Milixia of the next County, Riding or Place in the Way to the County, Riding or Place, to which fuch Offender belongs, and de-|f?r him into the Cuftody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of fuch Ae^'inrot, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant as aforefaid, who fell caufe him to be conveyed in like manner to the Adjutant or fenout Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Ser-of the Corps of the next County, Riding or Place, and fo in manner until fuch Offender (hall be delivered into the Cultody •f the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant as aforefaid, of the Corps to which he klongs, who (hall take him before a Juftice of the Peace, to be ink with as this Aft direfts in cafes of Local Militia Men deferring or ahiomag themfelves from their Duty when not embodied or called out into aaoal Service ; and from the time of his being fo apprehended« aforefaid, until he is brought before fuch Juffice of the Peace as aforefaid, fuch Offender (hall be fubfifted at the Rate of Six pence per Day frdm the Stock of the County, Riding or Place to which fach Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, for which Sub-iftence fuch Juftice is hereby required to make fuch Order upon the Treafarer of the County, Riding or Place; and if any Serjeant, Cor- Method of pro-pond or Drummer, retained upon permanent Pay, (nail defert from p^n*^*1* the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, it (hall be fD^d lawful tor toy Headborough, Conftable or other Officer of the Town cd to be Non or where any Perfon who may be reafonably fufpefted to be Commiflloned fuch Defcrter (hall be found, to caufe fuch Perfon to be apprehended Officers or aad taken before any Juffice of the Peace living in or near to fuch	71*

Towa or Place, who is hereby empowered to examine fach fufpefted ave certc Peifea; and if by his Confeffion, or the Teftimony of any Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, or by the Knowlege of fuch Juffice, it (hall appear or be found that fuch lufpefted Perfon is fuch Deferter, fuch Juffice (hall forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he (halt be found, or the Houfe oi Comdion er other publick Prifon in the Town or Place in or near to which fuch Deierter (hall be apprehended, there to remain wul he (hall be demanded by fome Perfon or Perfons authorized



Google



#r

A-D. ill

17P	C.3*,	52s	CEO.	III.

Gaolers to receive the Snh-fiftence of Defer-ters while confined, but no Jee.



fuck I

ittfH

He*ll

to receive him ait lrercinafter directed, and (hall tranfmit an At thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County* or Place, to which fuch Deferter belongs; and the fuch Gaol, Houfe of Corre&ion or Prifon, (hall receive Subfiftence of fuch Deferter at the Rate above fpecined Maintenance, during the time he (hall continue in his Cuftc fltall qot be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of fonment ; and fuch Clerk of the General Meetings, receW Account, (hall immediately ttanfmit a Copy thereof to the ( or Commanding Officer or the Regiment, Battalion or Cor County, Riding or Place 5 and alfo to the Adjutant or 1 commanding the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of ment, Battalion or Corps retained on permanent Pay at the He ters; and wl*ere there are more than One Regiment, Batt Corps in any County, Riding or Place, fuch Clerk (hall fa Copy to each of the Colonels or other Commandants or Con Officers of fuch Regiments, Battalions and Corps, and alfo 1 the Adjutants or Officers commanding Serjeants, Cc Drummers, retained on permanent Pay at their refpe&ive . ters, within his County, Riding or Place ; and the Colonel < manding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to wha Deferter (hall be found to belong, or the Adjutant or Of~ manding fuch Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of fuch Rc Battalion or Corps, (hall and he is hereby required, inure receiving fuch Copy as aforefaid, to fend any Serjeant, Cc Drummer, or any Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Dr bis Regiment, Battaliou or Csrps, to the Place where fuch fhall be fo confined, and (hall alio fend by fuch Serjeant, Co Drummer, or the Serjeant commanding fuch-Party of Serjea porals or Drummers, an Order, under his Hand, to the Keej laid Gaol, Houfe of Corre&ion or Prifon, requiring him fuch Deferter to the Perfon or Pcrfons therein named, wk hereby required to do ; and the Serjeant, Corporal or Dt whom fuen Deferter (hall be fo ordered to be delivered, in only (hall be fent on fuch Doty, (hall apply to the Adjutant -jeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or to tfco Setjeant of the Corps of the County, Riding or Place wh Deferter (hall be fo confined as aforefaid, and fuch Adjutant, 1 Major or Serjeant, (hall order a fufficient Party of the Seijeaattfcil porals or Drummers under his Command, to affift in rnim j mn Deferter, and he (hall be conveyed to the Adjutant, or Seneaatjl of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant of thf || to which he belongs, in the fame manner as before dinrded 1 fpe& to the conveying of private Local Militia Men to the A£| or Scijeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, oral Serjeant of the Corps to which they belong; and fuch Adjntm Serjeant Major or Serjeant, (hall take fuch Deferter before aJal of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place to which he hflM who (ball forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the Comnoo Cl Houfe of Corre6iiou or other publick Prifon of fuch County, Ril or Place, where he (hall remain, without Bail or Mainprise, a Court Martial can and (hall be fummoned, and held for the T»| fuch Deferter, according to the Provifions of this A&, when he be delivered to the Perfon or Pcrlbns named in any Order to bt i!|

t*A

rh*f



Google

AJJ.lfia.

S2• GEO. III.

C.3&.

PUrpofc, under the Hand and Seal of the Officer by whnfe ' vrity fuch Court Martial (hall be fummoncd, requiring the De-of fuch Deferter ; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Prifons (hall lired (o to do by any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, era-^ # is conveying any fuch Local Militia Man or Serjeant, Cor-ford or Drummer To offending to the Regiment, Battalion or Corps which he belongs) receive into their Cuftody, and coniine fuch flfcle for foch time as they fhall be refpettively fo required as sot exceeding Forty eight Hours ; and every fuch Gaoler •rXaprrof any Prifou who (hall refufe fo to do, (hall forfeit the fciw Forty Shillings ; and all fuch Serjeants, Corporals and Drum-4m% while they are employed in executing fuch Duty as aforefaid, fo all other Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local «Sto while on any March, or employed on any Duty upon which asy be commanded by any legal Authority, fhall be bilfetted 4fkt wanner, as Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers belonging to 7’* other Forces, employed in apprehending and conveying {Misters, are to be billetted.

CXXL And be it further ena&ed, That the Juflice of the Peace whom any Deferter fhall be brought, (hall and may upon the Convi&ion of any fuch Deferter either before a Jultice M the Peace, or by Sentence of a Court Martial, iffue bis Warrant fetfce Quarter Mailer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which Deferter (hall belong, or to the Commanding Officer, requiring Quarter Mailer or fuch Commanding Officer to pay out of the iogent Fund of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, the Sum of twenty Shillings to the Perfon who (hall have apprehended fuch Wfrter; and fuch Quarter Mailer or Commanding Officer is hereby foborized and required to pay the fame accordingly on Demand, u CXXII. And be it further ena&ed. That if any Perfon (hall febour, conceal or affifl any Deferter, knowing him to be fuch, the Won fo offending (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence, the Sum of |i*e Pounds.

CXXIII. And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafe9 of a&ual fotfion of any Part of the United Kingdom, or of the Appearance 4 as Enemy in force upon the Coaff of any Part of the United Jjsgdom, and in all cafes of Rebellion and Infurrcftion, it (hall be fer&l for His Majesty, by any Order in Council or Proclamation, to few sot and embody fuch Local Militia, or any Part or Proportion fenof, and to direct all or any of fuch Local Militia Men to be Wtekd to any Part of Great Britain for the Prevention and repelling durfoch Invafion, or for the Suppreffion of any Rebellion or Is-fennot* and to keep and continue fuch Local Militia fo embodied feny Period His Majesty may deem requifite, not exceeding Six Wtcki titer the Enemy (hall have been prevented or repelled or drives fern the Coafl, or after fuch Rebellion or Infurre&ion (hall bvebctsfuppreffed; and from the time of any Regiment, Battalion • Corpsof Militia being called out and embodied as aforefaid, until tk foe dull be returned again to its own County, Riding or Place, *d dilembodied by His Majesty’s Order, the Officers, Non Com* rafeord Officers, Drummers and private Men of every fuch Regi-aett, Battalion or Corps, (hall be fubjeft to all the Provifions contained b any A & of Parliament which (hall be then in force for puA&ag Mutiny and Defertion ; aud for the better Payment of the

Army

Google

>7i

Gaolers to re-reive and confine. Defer ters.

Penalty.

Serjeants. .Vc. conveying De-ferter?, or on any March to be billettecL

Perfons apprehending Defer-ters to be paid so*, by Warrant of Juft ice before whom convicted.

Concealing, &c. Deferters.

Penalty.

Hi i Majesty nmy order i.ocal Militia to be embodied in cafes of Invafion, fee. and direct them to he marched into any Part of G. B. j and while fo embodied, (lull be fubjeft to Mutiny ACt aud Articles of War*

'

*7*

Local Militia not to he ordered out of G. B.

Proclamation for Meeting of parliament.

When Local Militia ordered to be drawn out, County Lieutenants to iflue Orders.

Jfotice to attend.

Local Militia Officers not to fit on Trials of other Forces nor contraxiwife.

Local Militia M?n not marching in purfuance of Order.

C. 3®*

s%° geo. nr.

A.D

'.ttaj

Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in fuance thereof; and all the Provifions contained in every fuck and Articles of War, (hall be in force with refpetl to the Militia, and (hall extend to all the Officers, Non Commiffioned cers, Drummers and private Men of the Local Militia, whj bodied as aforefaid, in all cafes whatfoever.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, Thatoi the Whole nor any Part of the Local Militia dirc&ed by this A be raifed and maintained, (hall on any Account be carried or H to go out, of Great Britain.

CXXV. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever His fhall caufe the Local Militia to be drawn out and embodied as faid, if the Parliament fhall then be Separated by fuch Adjour or Prorogation as will not expire within Fourteen Days, His * may and fhall iflue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the P< within Fourteen Days, and the Parliament fhall accordingly fit upon fuch Day as fhall be appointed by fuch Proclamai continue to fit and ad in like manner, to all Intents and if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the fame Day.

CXXVI. And be it further enaded, That the JLieutenai every County, Riding and Place, or (on the Death or Reimni any fuch Lieutenant, or in his Abfence from his County, Ridii Place) any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any C from His Majesty for drawing out and embodying the Whole * Local Militia of fuchCounty, Riding or Place, fhall be direde^ forthwith iflue his or their Order to the Chief Conftables, or Officers of the fevrral Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or( Divifions within their refpedive Counties, Ridings and Places, Dire&ions to forward the fame immediately to the Conftables, thingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers of the feveral Pat Tythings and Places within^their refpe&ive Hundreds, Rapes,Li Wapentakes and Divifions ; and fuch Conftables Tythingrnen, t boroughs or other Officers, are hereby required, upon Receipt tlrt forthwith to caufe Notice in Writing to be given to the feveral 1 Militia Men, or left at their ufual Places of Abode, within, refpe&ive Parifhes, Tythings or Places, to attend at the Ti Place mentioned in fuch Order.

CXXVI I. And be it further enabled, That no Officer fei the Local Militia fhall (it in any Court Martial upon the Tti any Officer or Soldier ferving in any of His Majesty’s other F< or in the Regular Militia ; nor fhall any Officer, ferving in a His Majesty’s other Forces, fit in any Court Martial upon the of any Officer or Soldier ferving in the Local Militia: Pi always, that nothing in this Ad (hall be conftrued to prevent! Officer of the Regular Militia from fitting in a Court Martial ^ the Trial of any Officer or Soldier ferving m the Local Militia. "

CXXVIII. And be it further enadea, That if any Perfon ofl faid Local Militia, ordered to be drawn out and embodied as afbrekj (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to ferve M Local Militia Man), fhall not appear and march in purfuanmj fuch Order, every fuch Local Militia Man fhall be liable to befl prehended and punifhed as a Deferter, according to the ProvifiosW any Ad which (hall be then in force for puniming Mutiny and m fertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quart*

an



52* GEO. III.

C.38.

*71

«ad of the Articles of War, made in purfuance of the fame; and if pjr Perfon Ihall harbour and conceal any fuch Local Militia Man, N$en ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforefaid, knowing lim to be foch Local Militia Man, every fuch Perfon (hall, for every fech Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds. CXX1X. And be it further ena&ed, That, from the Date of His Order in Council or Proclamation as aforefaid, for drawing •at the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, into a&uu Soviet, the Officers and Men of the Local Militia of fuch County, ffidiqg or Place, (hall be entitled to the fame Pay as the Officers and Met of His Majesty’a Regular Militia, and no other 5 and if any 80s Coomiffioned Officer, Drummer or private Man of the Local IBtia (hall be maimed or wounded in fuch a&ual Service, he (hall entitled to the Benefit of Chelfea Hofpital with any Non Cspdffiooed Officer, Drummer or private Man belonging to any of y’g other Forces.

CXX£. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the Tty of every Officer, Seijeant, Corporal, Drummer and private Man, *ho flail not join his Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Mi-Bkt on the Day appointed for that Purpofe, (hall commence only loco the Day of his joining fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, sdefcfuch Officer, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Man, (hall live been prevented from joining on the Day appointed as aforefaid If SickDefs or any other inevitable Necefiity, to be proved to the jStofcdion of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion br Corps; in which cafe fuch Officer, Seijeant, Corporal or Drum* l»r, or private Man may, by Order of his Commanding Officer, be fcexrated with for his Pay from the Date of His Majelly's Order h Council or Proclamation as aforefaid.

CXXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That the Pay of every Per-fas enrolled to ferve in the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Pbce, after fuch Local Militia (hall have been embodied and called S«t into a&ual Service, (hall commence upon the Day on which fuch Terfon Ihall join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he (hall Wong, and not before : Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants or Ju dices of the Peace by whom any fuch Perfon (hall have been fo enrolled, to order and dire& an Allowance to be made to fuch Perfon, for the Purpofe of enabling him to pro-tied to and join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he may Wong, not exceeding the Rate of the Pay of fo many Days as would enable him to march from the Place where he was enrolled to the Pha where the faid Regiment, Battalion or Corps may be (lationed, to be tabulated at the Rate of not lefs^ than Ten Miles per Day, •tdnWttfual Number of halting Days ; and the faid Allowance of Payiy he advanced to fuch Perfon at the Time of his Enrolment by rbc Clerk of the Subdivifion Meeting, under the Order of the Deputy Lieutenants or Juftices aforefaid, or One of them, and (hall be repaid to the faid Subdivifion Clerk by the Receiver General of the Land Tax, on tbe Produ&ion of a Certificate to that E(Te6t, figord by the faid Deputy Lieutenants or Juftices, or One of them 5 and tbe (aid Receiver General (hall be allowed for the fame in his Accents accordingly,

CXXXII. And be it further enabled,‘ That when the Local Mibttt of say County, Riding or Place, (hall be ordered out into

actual

VjOOQlC

Concealing.

Penalty.

Local Militia when ordered et be drawn out, entitled to Pay aa Regular Militia; ami entitled to Chelfea HofpitaL

Pay of Officers and Men who (ball not join on Day appointed, unlcft prevented by Neceflity, Ihall commence only ftom Day of joining.

Pay of Men in. rolled after Local Militia embodied, when to commence. Allowance at Time of Enrolment to enable them to march. Paid by Clerk of Subdivilion, who (hall be repaid by Receiver General of I .and Tax.

When Local Miliiia ordered oat, Receiver

C. 3^.

520 GEO. III.

A.

General of Taxes (hall pay to Captain of every Company One Guinea for the Ute of each Man, and alfo for each Recruit as eady as may be after he has joined, to be laid out for his Advantage.

D.id

Captains to account with Men for fame.

Whet Regiment is out of its County, a Lift of Men whole time fhall be within Four Months of expiring and w ho llu.il be willing to continue in Serv ice, and for what Price, (hall arcei tain Periods be trantmitted

hy Commanding Otfker to Clerk

f,\ (■fnn.il

Mevti.uiJ.

Signing Litl binding.

When Regiment ot L jcal Mil.tia is Alfem-bleil for Training, Commanding Office* (hall in*kc out Lift of Men who are

a&ual Service, the Receiver General of the Rates and Duties u the Management of the Commiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes fuch County, Riding or Place, (hall and is hereby required f<l with to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of e Company of Local Militia fo ordered out, the Sum of One Gl for the Ufe of every private Local Militia Man belonging ti Company; and the faid Receiver General (hall alfo pay to 0 Captain or other Commanding Officer of a Company as afoni the Sum of One Guinea for every Recruit as early as may be I fuch Recruit (hall have joined his Company, while out in actual)* vice as aforefaid (all which Money fo paid by the faid Receiver* neral (hall be allowed him in his Accounts); and the Monej received by any Captain or other Commanding Officer, or fo d thereof as fuch Captain or Commanding Officer (hall think prd (hall be laid out by him, agreeably to the Orders which he receive from the Colonel or other Commandant, in the manner i Colonel or other Commandant (hall think mod advantageous fot rcfoe&ive Local Militia Men ; and fuch Captain or Cornmaw Officer (hall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of the Ml next enfuing that in which he (hall have received fuch One Gu as aforefaid, account to fuch Local Militia Man how the faid I of One Guinea hath been applied and difpofed of, and (hall, at time of fettling fuch Account, pay the Remainder of the Money" any) to the faid Local Militia Man.

CXXXITI. And be it further enabled, That, whenever any fi giment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, (hall be embodied, a abfent from the County, Riding or Place to which it belo igs, t Commanding Officer of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Loc Militia, fhall apply to every Man whofe time (hall be within Fo Months of expiring, and who in his Judgement, and after an E amination by the Surgeon of the Regiment, Battalion or Corp (hall dill be fit to ferve as a Local Militia Man, and inquire if he willing to continue in the Service for fuch Term as any Man wl (hould be then ballotted to ferve would be futye& to, and for vrh Price or Sum, not in any cafe exceeding Two Guineas, he will fo co tinue; and fuch Commanding Officer (nail, on the Fird Day of tl Months of January, March, May, July, September and Aoveml refpe&ively, or as foon after as conveniently may be, tranfmit t the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Riding or Pla< to which his Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia b longs, a Lid of all fuch Men in fuch Regiment, Battalion or Coq of Local Militia as he (hall find willing to continue in the Servic on fuch Terms as aforefaid, and which Lid (hall be (igned by ever fuch Local Militia Man as aforefaid, and fhall be made in the Fon in the Schedule marked (F.) ; and that the figning of the faid Lr (hall be binding upon the Perfons figning the fame, to all Intents an Purpofes ivhatfoever.

CXXXIV. And be it further ena&ed. That whenever an Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia (hall be affemble for the Purpofe of Annual Training and Exercife, the Commanding Officer of Rich Regiment, Battalion or Corp3, (hall apply to ever Man ferving in fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, whofe time wil expire in the Courfe of the enfuing Year, who may be of the Heigh fpecified in this Aft, and between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty

	a'"

MXtsu.

$z* GEO.lir.

C 38-

id who io his Judgment, and after an Examination by the Sur* poo of the Regiment* fhali be fit to ferve as a Local Militia Man* id who (hall not have more than Two Children under Fourteen Years* ad enquire if be is willing to continue his Service for fuch Terra, as ny Man who (hould be then ballotted to ferve would be fubjeft to, and br what Price or Sum, not in any cafe exceeding Two Guineas* he till fo continue, and fuch Commanding Officer mall as foon after at eositcnicDtly may be, tranfmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Riding or Place, to which his Regiment* Battalion •r Cops belongs, a Lift of all fuch Men in fuch Regiment, Battalion fr Corps; which Lift (ball be figned by every fuch Local Militia Mas as aforefoid, and (hall be made in the Form in the Schedule parked (F.); and the figning of fuch Lift (hall be binding ou the Pevfoas figmng the fame, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, CXXXV. And be it further enafted, That the Clerk of the Gene-fal Meetings of every County, Riding or Place aforefaid, fhali as {ban after the Receipt of fuch Notices as the fame can be done, tradhat to the refpe&ive Clerks of the Subdivifion Meetings, for the Ufcof the Deputy Lieutenants acting in fuch Subdivifions, correft Extrads of fuch Returns, fpecifying in every' fuch Extraft the Men that /hall have been enrolled for the Subdivifion to which the Clerk, to whom any fuch Lxtraft is fent, (hall belong; and thereupon in cafe the Regiment* Battalion or Corps (hall not be embodied, it fhali be lawful for fuch Deputy Lieutenants, if they (hall think fit, to canfe the Men willing to continue to ferve as aforefaid, to be enrolled as Volunteers for the particular and refpeftive Parifhes or Places for which they (hall have been originally enrolled to ferve, and in every fuch cafe to dire& and require the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor of fuch Parifh or Place, to pay fuch Bounty or Bounties to be given to fuch Men fo engaged, immediately upon their Enrolment; ana in cafe fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps fhould then be embodied* then to caufe fuch Men to be enrolled as Volunteers in fuch manner as aforefaid, and to order and direft the Churchwardens or Omfcers as aforefaid to remit fuch Bounty or Bounties to be given to fsch Men to the Paymafter of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in which fuch Men (hall be then ferving, who fhali forthwith pay or account to the faid Men refpeftively for the fame,

CXXXV I. And be it further enafted, That any Perfon who fhali lave been enrolled to ferve in the Local Militia, and whofe Term of Service (hall be prolonged in the manner herein direfted beyond the Term of Four Years, (hall be entitled to the fame Allowance for ^eeeffaries, and all other Allowances which are by this Aft direfted to be showed during the Firft Year of their Service to Perfons enrolled in the Local Militia, and fhali in like manner be entitled to fuch Allowances, fo often as the Term of Service of any Perfon fo enrolled to ferve in the Local Militia fhali be prolonged as aforefaid.

CXXXVIL And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon fworn •ad enrolled in the faid Local Militia, (not labouring under any Infirmity, incapacitating him to ferve as a Local Militia Man) fhali not wids due Diligence join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia o( tie.County, Riding or Place, for which he (hall be fo fworn and emAed, (in cafe fuch Regiment, Battalion cn Company (hall then be OtMied) according to fuch Order, as (hall be given him in that re-

' fpeft



*75

willing to continue Services,

Clerk of General Meeting? (hall tianfmit to Clerk of Subdivifions Extra&s of Return* andDeputy Lieutenants may caufe Men willing to continue to be enrolled as Volunteers, and require Parilh Officers to remit Bounties to Paymafter.

Allowance Men ivlmie Term of S'ervlci is prolonged.

If any Man enrolled (hall not join, or if any of them,or any Serjeant, kc (hall delert or abfeot himlelf. Proceedings.

A.D.iSl

If His Majesty flull nrder Local Miltia,or Proport i(»n thereof, to be embodied, County Lieutenant, fee. (hall ifTue Ins Oder to Clerk* of Sub-4ivifiom,to make «wt Lifts of l'tr-fons en* oiled. Duplicate Copy made for Deputy Lieutenants, and another tranfmi:-ted to Clerk of

c.38.	52°Gfib.m.

fpeft by the Ideutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or any of them, \ by any Officer of tbe faid Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or by ij other Perfon authorized to give fuch Order; or if any Perfon fiiJ in any embodied Local Militia, or any Serjeant, Corporal or Dnj Jner, (hall defert or abfent himfelf from his Duty 5 every fuch { leant, Corporal, Drutomer or private Local Militia Man ftwH liable to be apprehended and punifhed, according to the Proviik* any Aft which (hall be then in force for the puni(hing Mutiny 1 Defertion $ and for the better Payment of the Army and their Ql ters, and of the Articles of War made in purfuance of the fame,* may by a General Court Martial be adjudged to further Servioj the Local or Regular Militia for fome Period to be limited, 4 Service in His Majeftv’s other Forces, without Limitation astejj Period or Place of fuch Service according as the Court Martial btl whom he (hall be tried, (hall think fit to direft 5 and in cafe tiJ Court (hall adjudge fuch Local Militia Man to ferve in HisMaOT other Forces, and fuch Sentence (hall be approved by His Mot it (hall be lawful by Order under the Hand of the Secretary at IB or his Deputy, to caufe fuch Man, if found fit for General Senf on Examination by a Surgeon of His Majesty’s other Forces, M entered as a private Soldier, to ferve in fuch Regiment or CorpH His Majesty's other Forces as (hall he direfted in fuch Order, sa^j be forthwith conveyed either to the Head Quarters of the Rtgig{ or Corps in which he (hall be fo entered, or to fuch other fhall be direfted in fuch Order; and (hall, from the lime of hu bd delivered over to be fo conveyed as aforefaid, be fubjeft and liable all tbe like Penalties and Punilhments contained in any Ad the* force for puni(hing Mutiny and Defertion, as if he had been oq nally inlifted for general Service, or for the Regiment or Corps which he (hall be fo ordered to be entered as aforefaid.	1

CXXXVIII. And whereas it may be expedient that on Proportion of the Local Militia, and in fuch of the Counties, Rtdii and Places as (hall be fpecified in any Order of His Majesty, Qtfi be drawn out and embodied in the Firft Inftance, and that the m pointrrent of the private Men noceflary to conftitutefuch Propordj (hould be made or decided by Ballot or othenvife as is hcrcnwM mentioned in each Subdivifion or Diftrift, without aflembling tfc# previoufly out of the Subdivifion or Diftrift to which they lxloag Be it therefore enafted, That the Lieutenant of every County, SI ing or Place, or (in cafe of Vacancy, or in the Abfence of tbe Lai tenant from his County, Riding or Place) any Three or more Dq*6 Lieutenants, to whom any Order of His Majesty for the Purpfi of embodying the faid Local Militia, or fuch Part or PropaM thereof as His Majesty (hall have judged neceflary and ordered toll embodied, (hall have been direfted, (hall, as foon after the Recdjft thereof as conveniently may be, iflue his or their Order to the Cknl of the feveral Subdivifion Meetings in fuch County, Riding or Pilot to prepare and make out a full and true Lift, containing theNOTl of all Perfons enrolled to ferve in the faid Local Miiitia by virtu of this Aft, within each Subdivifion refpeftively, and arranged I# cording to their Claftes as hereinbefore mentioned, before a to be fpecified m the fyd Order of the Lieutenant or Deputy LklIS tenants as aforefaid, and which Day (hall not be later than Tfo# Days after the Date of fuch Order; and the faid Clerks (hall, wklw t7	lLt



12.

5 a* GEO. III.

C.38.

177

fce tine fixed by fiich Order, prepare and make out fuch Lifts fccordmgly, aad alfo Two Duplicates thereof, One of which Du-fcate* (hall be fur the Ufe of the Deputy Lieutenants at their ffge&we Suhdirilioa Meetings, and the other Duplicate thereof (hall e tranfnmted to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Ufe of k* Lietxteaaat of the County, Riding or Place, or the Deputy Lieu-KBaots who (hall have ifTued fuch Order as aforefaid.

CXXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Lieutenant ■f Deputy Lieutenants as aforefaid to whom His Majesty’s Order M be deeded, (hall at the time of ifluing his or their Order herein-kht mentioned, dire& the Clerk of the General Meetings to ad-■rtfle the Time and Place of aflembling the Local Militia in the Jhwty Paper, or if any County (hall have no Paper, then in the Paper f me adjoining County, and (hall alfo iflue his or their Order for Jfafekkg all the Men of the faid Local Militia within their refpe&ive mfinfions, or at fuch Place or Places within their refpeftive Counties, Ridings or Places, and in fuch Proportions as to the faid Lieu-naat or Deputy Lieutenants as aforefaid, (hall appear mo ft expe-iirut, ca the Day or Days to be fpecified in fuch his or their Order, is the Chief Conftable or other Officers of the feveral Hundreds, tapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divifions within fuch County, tiding or Place, with Dire&ions immediately to iflue Precepts con-armabie thereto to the Conftables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or dher Officers of the fereral Parifties, Tythings and Places within the iid Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes and Divifions refpec-irdy; and fnch Conftables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Sfictn, are hereby required upon Receipt thereof forthwith to caufe Notice in Writing to be given to the feveral Men of the faid Local Ifiiitia, or left at their ufual Places of Abode, within their refpec-ite Parifhes, Tythiwga or Places, to attend within their refpe&ive Sabdirifions or Diftri&s, at the Time and Place mentioned in fuch Offer, aad (hall alfo caufe fuch Notice as aforefaid to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their refpeCfive Parifhes, Tubings or Places, or (if any Place mall have no Church v Chapel belonging thereto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel tffbme Parifh, Tything or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice fesdrertifed or affixed as aforefaid, (hall be deemed a fufficient Notice to emy Perfon enrolled by virtue of this A&, notwithftanding any Ottifioo in the Delivery of written Notices in manner herein di-nrird; and all fuch Local Militia Men (hall duly attend at the Time aad Place appointed in fuch Notices refpe&ively.

CXL And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon of the faid Local Mffitia not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to fan* at a Local Militia Man, (hall not appear in purfuance of fuch Oifer^ or, appearing, (hall not abide the Orders of the Deputy Lieutenant* attending in purfuance of this Ad, every fuch Perfon (hall be drifted a Delertcr, and if not taken previoufly to the Completion of the Ballot at which fuch Perfon ought to attend in purfuance of this Aft, (hall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and (hall be deemed mi takes to be a Perfon liable to be embodied within the Intent aod feeing of thb Ad, and to ferve according to the Dire&ions herein cataiasd, over and abate the Number to be chofen by Ballot at afordad.

jaGKO.ni.	N	CXLI.And

General Meetings ;

alro ifTne Order! for affembling Men within their refpe&ire Subdivifions, and in fuch Proportions as (hall appear mod expedient ; and Conftables ftull caufe a written Notice to be given Men to uttcnJ, and No* tices of Time and Place adver-tifed and affixed upon Church ^ Doors.

Men not nppear-ing, or not a bid-ing th? Otdc:s of the Deputy Lieuten.v ti. Pt-na’t;.



*78

County Lieutenant, See. to appoint Firft Sub-divifion Meeting for balloiting, and Time and Place lor afltm-blm^ Men cho-len, of uh;ch Deputy Lieutenant (hall give Notice, and lhall cuufe a Proportion of Men to be ballotted for, and their Names marked on Lid which is to be called over, and Names of Per-fonscholen returned to County Lieutenant, See. and Time and Plaoe of being embodied declared, and Men not chofen dil-charged from further Attendance.

Deputy Lieutenants may correct Claires.

C. 38.	52°	GEO.	III.	A.D.iSii

CXLI. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Lieutenant 1 Deputy Lieutenants as aforefaid of every County,Riding or Pbcq any Three or more of them, fhall appoint the Firft Meeting, ti holden by the feveral Deputy Lieutenants of the fame County, Ri or Place within their refpe&ive Subdivifions, or at fuch other I! or Places as fhall have been appointed as aforefaid, on the Dayl tioned in fuch Order as aforefaid, for aflembling the Men of the Local Militia, in order to their being chofen or ballotted to I according to the Diretfions of this Ad, and (hall alfo appoint Time ana Place of afTembling fuch of the faid Men as fhall be foe fen or ballotted within their refpedive Counties, Ridings or Pin in order to their being embodied; of which feveral Appoints! the refpedive Deputy Lieutenants (hall have Notice ; and Men enrolled on the Lift of every fuch Subdivifion or Liftrid, 4 appearing in purfuance of fuch Order on the Day fo to be appoistf (hall be then muftered by the faid Deputy Lieutenants, and I faid Deputy Lieutenants (hall at fuch Meeting proceed in the mM by this Ad direded, to caufe a Number of the Men fo appearis be chofen or ballotted for, according to the Diredions of this, equal to fuch Proportion of the complete Number that had bet ought to be enrolled by virtue of this Ad, on the Lift of fuch 1 divifion or Diftrid, as (hall or may be fpecified in His Majs Order for drawing out and embodying any Part or Proportion ol Local Militia as aforefaid, and to caufe the Names of all the Pei chofen and ballotted to be marked on the Lift of fuch Subdivifia Diftrid; and when the Choice and Ballot (hall be concluded* faid Deputy Lieutenant (hall caufe the Lift of fuch Subdivifkl Diftrid to be publickly called ; and as the Name of each Perfoo! tained therein (hall be read, (hall then and there declare whether! Perfon is or is not (as the cafe may be) chofen or ballotted os fuch Lift in the manner hereinbefore provided 5 and the Names a the Perfons fo chofen and ballotted, (hall be returned to the It tenant of the County, Riding or Place for which fuch Perioaa enrolled, or to the Deputy Lieutenants who (hall have given i Order as aforefaid; and the Perfon6 fo chofen and ballotted flul embodied to ferve according to the true Intent of this A6k ; and faid Deputy Lieutenants (hall openly declare to the Men, who been fo chofen or ballotted, the Time and Place of their afietnbl in order to their being embodied ; and all and every fuch Perfoa Perfon who (hall have been declared to be fo chofen or ballot (hall immediately proceed and repair to, and (hall duly attend at Time and Place fo to be appointed and declared, in order to the! liis being embodied accordingly ; and all and every fuch Period Perfon as (hall be fo declared not to have been fo chofen or ballot as aforefaid, (hall be difeharged from further Attendance in puriuai of fuch Order as aforefaid.	*

CXLI I. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That it I be lawful for the faid Deputy Lieutenants, in their feveral Sul vifion Meetings, and before they proceed to choofe or balloti hereinbefore mre&ed, to revife and corre& the Names of the I contained in fuch Clafs or ClafTes, according to the feveral Cbaa or Alterations that may have taken place nnce the laft Revifal! Corre&ion thereof.	'I

CXLIII. Aid



.1). 1812.

179

52’GEO. III.	C.38.

C X LIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty think fit to draw out and embody a Part or Proportion only the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, the Deputy .tenants in their feveral Sufcdivilions fhall, before they proceed to ofe or ballot for the private Men who are to form fuch Part or •portion, examine the ClafTes of the Defcriptions hereinbefore -itioned* entered according to the Provifions of this A6f, and in y Cafe in which the Part or Proportion of the Militia required to :’led out in fuch Subdivifion fhall equal the Number of Men con'd in fuch Firft, or Firft and Second, or other fucceeding ClafTes .. ir Order, then and in fuch Cafe the Men contained in fuch Clafs ClafTes, as the Cafe may be, fhall be forthwith chofen without any ot ; and when the Proportion of Men fo required as aforefaid, be lefs than the Number of Men contained in fuch Firft Clafs, loch Proportion fhall be ballotted for out of fuch Clafs only, and er : and when the Proportion fo required as aforefaid, fhall ex-. the Number of Men contained in the Firft, or Firft and any fuc-:; .g Clafs or ClafTes in the Order in which they fhall fo ftand as n-faid. the Deputy Lieutenants fhall firft chooTe all the Men in Lrft Clafs, or Firft and next fucceeding Clafs or ClafTes, until - Proportion fhall be as near as may be completed, and fhall then d to ballot in manner directed by this Atl for the Remainder *.he Proportion fo required as aforefaid, out of the Clafs imme-r-ly following the laft Clafs that fhall have been wholly taken : rds making up fuch Proportion as aforefaid ; and the Deputy . tenants fhall proceed in like manner for fupplying of any further : or Proportion of Local Militia, in cafe any further Part fhould fterwards ordered by His Majesty to be embodied, and {hall, dur-the whole of the time that a Part or Proportion only of the J Militia fhall remain embodied, fupply all Vacancies, as they arife, in fuch Part or Proportion, out of the ClafTes as they i in Sacceffion, and fhall in no Cafe proceed to ballot for the -lying of any Vacancy out of any Clafs, until all the Men con-m the preceding Clafs or ClafTes, who fhall be able and fit to Local Militia, fhall have been choTen for that Purpofe. XLIV. And be it further enabled. That whenever the Local or any Part or Proportion of the Local Militia of any ntv. Riding or Place, fhall have been ordered to be drawn out .bodied in purfuance of this A6t, in cafe any of the Perfons led in any Subdivifion of fuch County, Riding or Place, the Militia whereof fhall be fo ordered to be drawn out and em-as aforefaid, fhall make Default either by not appearing in nuance of any fuch Order as aforefaid, or by Defertion or Abfence m Duty, and fuch Perfon fhall not be taken within the Space of e Months from the time of fuch Default, then a Vacancy fhall

*	declared by the Deputy Lieutenants, at their Firft Meeting to be

n for the Subdivifion for which the Perfon fo making Default rolled, r, xt after the Receipt of the Certificate of fuch Default, :: n or Abfence, under the Hands of the Officer commanding

*	Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which fuch Perfon belonged, id the Vacan cy thus occalioned fhall be forthwith filled up by a \rfti Ballot within the Subdivifion aforefaid.

YLV And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon enrolled virtue of this A6t, and not chofen or ballotted as aforefaid, who

N 2	fhall

vjOOQ LC

When Hi* Macfty fhall order only Part of any Militia to be embodied, Deputy Lieutenants (hall examine ClafTes, and if Number required (hall equal Firft, or Firft and Second, or fucceeding, Claftes in their Order, the Men containcdtherein (ball be cholen without Ballet; but if lefs than the Firft Clafs, the Number (hall be ballotted for thereout, and if more than that and any fucceeding Clals in Order, fuch ClafTes (hall be firft chofen, and Remainder ballotted for out of next Clals to the la It wholly taken, &c.

If any Perfon enrolled in any Subdivifion of a County, Local Militia whereof (hall be ordered to be embodied, (hall defert or be a blent, and (hall not he taken within Three Months, Vacancy filled up by frelh Ballot.

Any Perfon enrolled and not chofen, not

A.D.iSrl

180

having a Child under 14, may he accepted as a Volunteer.

Men attending at Ballot and not being chofen, Allowance, Sc c.

Clerks may draw upon Receivers General, by Order of Deputy Lieutenants, &c. for Money to pay Allowances.

Clerks when required, to make out Accounts of Monies received aud paid, to be examined and allowed.

HiaMajefty may order Remainder of Local Militia to be embodied.

County Lieute-lUHt, SiC. tO

C.38.

520 GEO. III.

(Kail not have any Child or Children living under the Age of Fomfl Years, (hall offer himfelf as a Volunteer, to be drawn out and ed died in the Room of any Perfon fo chofen or ballotted, it fbd lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at any Meeting, to accept i Volunteer in the Room of fuch Perfon fo chofen or ballot ted as afi faid, and fuch Perfon fo accepted fhall ferve as if he had himfelf I fo chofen or ballotted in manner aforefaid.

CXLVI. And be it further enaded, That every Man of tbe Local Militia who fhall appear and attend at the Ballot to be ta as hereinbefore direded, and who fhall not be chofen or ballotte aforefaid, fhall be entitled to an Allowance, after the Rate of Shilling per Diem, during the time he fhall be neceflarily empfc from Home, in going to, and continuing at, and returning fro* Place to be appointed for fuch Ballot, not to exceed Three Day be paid by the Clerk of the Subdivifion or other Meeting in m fuch Men fhall be enrolled ; and on the Certificate of the Nooefc Men fo paid, under the Hands of fuch Deputy Lieutenants and tices of the Peace refpedively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant there attend, then of any One fuch Juftice of the Peace as afbvt the Receiver General of iuch County, Riding or Place, (hall re-kd) to the faid Clerk the Sums fo paid, out of any Monies in his H of any Aid granted by Parliament by way of Land Tax.

CXLVI1. And be it further enacted, That the refpe&ivtCl of the Subdivifion or other Meetings fhall be and they are hi authorized and empowered to draw on tbe Receiver General a Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place, for fuch Sum or! of Money as fuch Deputy Lieutenants and J11 dices of the F refpedively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant fhall attend, tin One Juftice of the Peace fhall, by any Order under their or hi fpedive Hands or Hand, direct and appoint, which Sum or Sun Money fhall be applied by fuch refpedive Clerks for paying Allowances hereinbefore directed to be made; and the Recei] any fuch Clerk, together with fuch Order, fhall be to the Receiver General of the Land Tax a fufficient Difcharge foe Payment of fuch Sun* or Sums of Money, and be allowed k Account.

CXLVJII. And be it further enaded, That the Clerk of Subdivifion or other Meeting fhall, when required by fuch Dt Lieutenants and Judices of the Peace, or where no Deputy I tenant fhall attend, then by One Juftice of the Peace, make oa Account of the refpedive Sums of Money by him received and j in purfuance of this Ad, to be by them examined, allowed and fig ana the Account fo examined, allowed aud figned, fhall be aa hereby direded to be the proper Voucher and Acquittal of i Clerk for the Application and Difpofal of fuch Money.	1

CXLIX. And be it further enaded, That nothing herein < tained fhall be conftrucd to debar His Majeity from ordering tbe j maiuderof the faid Local Militia, or fo many of the KcmaiuderoF faid Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, as Hi* Mai fhall in his Wifdom think proper, to be drawu out and emboJ whenever the Occafiou fhall require, according to the Provjfians | feribed by this Ad.	j

CL. And be it further enaded, That whenever His M;«jffty m think fit to draw out and {inbody any further Proportion of t



I 8 1 2

51* GEO. III.

C.38«

l8l

sal Militia of any County, Riding or Place, it fhall be lawful for Lieutenant of fuch County, Riding or Place, or Three or more embodying Firft t y Lieutenants as aforefaid, and he and they is and arc hereby Proportion. cxi% ely required to caufe fuch further Proportion to be drawn A-id embodied as His Majelly fhall order; and in fo doing fuch ;utenants and Deputy Lieutenants refpe&ively, and alfo all and iy the Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officers aforefaid re-v lively, (hall purfue the Rules and Dire&ions hereinbefore pre-"bed for drawing out and embodying t!ie Firft Proportion thereof.

CLI. And be it further enadted, That, if during fuch time as any	al*T'J®1

t of the Local Militia which fhall have been drawn out and em- fl,aj|^,tin^t,a ed for Service, fhall continue embodied. His Majesty (hall deem embodied, His spedieot that the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, Majelly may : y Part thereof, which fhall not at fuch time be a&ually embodied erderany.not service, ihould be drawn out iu order to be muftered, trained and	to	**•

died, for a limited time, inflead of being fo embodied for Service, mrdiag to the Provifions of this Acl, it (hall be lawful for His ajefty to direct the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of all or any the faid Counties, Ridings or Places, to caufe the faid Local Mi-a hoc squally embodied, or any Part thereof, to be drawn out, in - to be muftered, trained and exerci d, in fuch Proportion, and fuch time, and at fuch Place or Places, as fhall be appointed, with Approbation of His Majcfly, by t! ? lieutenant or Deputy Lieu-arrts, in manner as is hereinbefore ci *c<fted for training and exer-ng the difembodied Local Militia ; and the fame fhall be muftered, ed and exercifed accordingly.

ZLfl. And be it further enafted, That whenever the Whole of When the whole Local Miiitia of any County, Riding or Place, is ordered to be LocsU Militia of >odied, all the Officers, Non Commilfioned Officers and Drum- orXrId\obeS m of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Local Militia of embodied, all S County, Riding or Place, fhall immediately join the Regiment, Officers, &c. ttalion or Corps to which they refpeftively belong, at the Time flialljo*n; and I Place appointed for the embodying fuch Local Militia; and £hcn Part,fuch ?never the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, is themT** His Jed out and embodied by Detachments or Divifions, under any Majesty (hall der of His Majesty for that Purpofe, purfuant to the Provifions lireft. this A&, it fhall be lawful for His Majesty to order and dire& the tion and Defcription of Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers d Drummers, w ho fhall accompany fuch Detachments or Divifions Men, and the refpe&ive Eflablifh merits of fuch Detachments or rvifiocs, and alfo to regulate the Numbers and Duties of all fuch Seers, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, as (hall remain within . c o County, Riding or Place, for ihe muttering, training and £e*ci&Ag of the Remainder of the private Local Militia Men thereof, i the Service may require, and to His Majesty may feem moft fit id convenient.

CLII1. And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for His Majesty hi Majesty from time to time, as He fiiall think fit, to difembody ’ Part or Proportion of any Local Militia of any County, Riding andembody f Place, embodied under this A<ft, and from time to time again to them, out and embody any fuch Local Militia fo difembodied as or any Proportion thereof, as to His Majesty fhall feem vi • . >rdirg to the Rules and Provifions of this A&.

N 3



CUV. And

Google

A.D.i8t

Local Militia when difem-bodied l'uhjed to lame Orders only as before being drawn out.

In cafe of Inva-(ion or Rebellion, His Majesty may, by Proclamation, in-create Local Militia, not exceeding Six Times the Quota of Regular Militia, and County Lieutenants and Deputies (ball apportion Number, and proceed to raile and enrol Men, at fuch time as (hall be fpecified in Proclamation.

4* G.3.C.90.

When fuch additional Number of Local Militia is raifed, His

C.38.	5 2° GEO.	III.

CLIV. And be it further enaded, That when the Local Mifil or any Part thereof, having been fo drawn out into a&ual Sere as aforefaid, (hall be again duly difembodied, and the Officers 1 Men thereof difmirted to return to their feveral Places of Aba the Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and prin Men, (hall be fubjeCt to the fame Orders, Directions and Engq ments only, as they were fubjed to under the Provifions of this A before they were fo drawn out into adual Service as aforefaid \

CLV. And whereas it may be expedient that, in all cafad adual lnvafton, or of imminent Danger thereof, and in cafe of Rd| lion, His Majesty thould be empowered to encreafe, without Dell the Number of Local Militia Forces, for the more effectual Prod tion and Defence of this Realm; Be it therefore enaded, Tiia (hall be lawful for His Majesty (the Occafion being firft corns* cated to Parliament, if the Parliament (hall be then fitting, or dec* iu Council and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament flulf then fitting or in being), to order and dired, by His Royal Pro4 mation, that in Addition to the Number of Men required by! under the foregoing Provifions of this Ad, to be raifed by i feveral Counties, Ridings and Places herein mentioned, there ftaS) forthwith raifed and enrolled in the faid feveral Counties, RkM and Places, any Number of Men as will, in Addition to and im ther with and including the effedive Yeomanry and VoluaW ferving in fuch County or fuch Divifion, or Part of fuch Coal together with the Local Militia raifed for fuch County under! Provifions of this Ad, make the whole Force of fuch County edi to Six Times the original Quota of fuch County, under an A parted in the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majesty : PronJ always, that fuch effedive Yeomanry and Volunteers (hall beexj five of Supernumeraries ferving without Pay above the Eftilri) ment of fuch Corps who (hall have been enrolled after the Firil £1 of April One thoufand eight hundred and eight; and the Lie* nants and Deputy Lieutenants refpedively of the faid Couuti Ridings and Places (hall, immediately on the iffuing of any (s Proclamation, aflemble and forthwith proceed to apportion the Ns ber of Men required to be railed in their refpedive Counties, Rids| and Places, among the feveral Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapf takes or other Divifions, and alfo among the feveral Parifties, Tythk or Places therein refpedively ; and (hall thereafter proceed to n and enrol fuch Men, at fuch time or times as (hall be fpecified fort* Purpofe in fuch Proclamation ; and all the Powers, Provifions, Rqp lations, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clam Matters and Things in this Act contained, relative to the Led Militia, (hall be applied, pradifed, enforced and put in Executis for the railing, training and exercifing, and for the embodying a calling out into adual Service, fuch additional Number of Loci Militia as aforefaid fo ordered and direded to be raifed and enroflee in as full and ample a manner in every refped, as far as the famed be applied and put in force, as if the faid Number of Men fo add! to the Local Militia had been included in the Number of Men re quired and direded to be raifed by virtue of this Ad.

CLVI. And be it further enaded, That whenever His Majesty (hall caufe fuch additional Number of Local Militia as aforefaid tc be raifed and enrolled, ®r drawn out and embodied as aforefaid, if tb(

Parliament



Google

D.iSiz.	520 GEO. III.	C.38.

Lament iTiall then be fcparatcd by fucli Adjournment or Proroga-1 as will not expire within Fourteen Days, His Majesty may and 1 ifTue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within irteen Days, and the Parliament (ball accordingly meet and fit ' . fucli Day as (hall be appointed by fuch Proclamation, and con-je to lit and a& in like manner to all Intents and Purpofes as if it 1 flood. adjourned or prorogued to the fame Day.

JL.VII. And be it further enadted, That it (hall be lawful for is Majesty from time to time (whenever he (hall deem it expedient reduce the Whole or any Part of fuch additional Number of >cal Militia as aforefaid, by his Royal Proclamation to declare h Reduction accordingly ; and in cafe fuch additional Number Local Militia a3 aforefaid or any Part thereof, (hall be then embed) to difembody the fame, or any Number of private Local !ntia Men equal thereto, without regard to whether fuch Men were ed and enrolled in purfuance of any Proclamation for railing fuch ditjooal Number of Local Militia as aforefaid, or were enrolled fore, and were ferving at the time of the ifluing thereof; and the I!Oitia Men fo difembodied as aforefaid, or fo many of them may have been enrolled and not embodied at the time of ifluing h Proclamation, (hall neverthelefs remain liable to ferve for the ?ective Periods for which they (hall have been refpe&ively enrolled erve, and (hall, during fuch Periods, fupply all the Vacancies that f a rife in the refpe&ive Pariflies or Places, or United Parilhes or ces, for which they fhall have been fo inrolled, whenever called an fo to do ; and the Deputy Lieutenants of the refpe&ive Sub-iftwn (hall, from time to time, caufe any Mail or Men, as the e may be, that may be required for fupplying any Vacancy or cancies in the eilablifhed Local Militia that may arife for any rilh or Place, or United Parities or Places, in their refpeftive Sub-ifioiit, to be taken from their refpe&ivc Clafles as aforefaid, or dotted as the cafe may require, according to the Proviflons in this /red, relating to the taking Men for the Local Militia Clafles, until all the Men fo remaining liable, and that (hall be to ferve, (hall have fupplied fuch Vacancies: Provided always, it no Ballot fhall take place for the railing and enrolling any p to fupply any Vacancy that may arife from any Pari(h or Place, long as the fame can be fupplied from any Men, or by any 1:, then enrolled for fuch Parifh or Place that (hall remain liable i be fit to ferve: Provided alfo, that no Man fo remaining liable {erve as aforefaid for any Parifh or Place (hall be called upon or liable to fupply any Vacancy arifing for any other Pari(h or Place,

. r'.iat for which he (hall be originally enrolled to ferve under the rovifloas of this A6t.

CLYIII. And be it further enabled, That all the Powers given ad Provifions made by this Ad, with refped to the County of Trtbwmberland and the Local Militia thereof, (hall extend to the woof Berwick uponTweed and the Liberties thereof (except only tmkI Cafes where by this Ad it is otherwife expreisly provided w); and that out of the Perfons returned in the Lifts for the faid •wn of Berwick upon Tweed, a Number of private Local Militia-La (hall be chofen by Ballot to ferve for the faid Town, in the ame Proportion with the private Local Militia Men appointed to rve for the other Hundreds, Wards and other Diviftons within the

N 4	faid



*83

Majefty fhall iflue a Proclamation for Meeting of Parliament.

His Majesty, by Proclamation, may reduce and difembody fuch additional Number of Local Mi-litia; and Privates fo difembodied or thofe enrolled and not embodied, fhall re* main liable to ferve for Period for which enrolled, and fhall fupply Vacancies, and no Ballot lhall take place whil-Huch Vacancies can he fuppliedfrom them, but they fhall not he liable to l'upply Vacancies for any other Place than that for which originally enrolled.

The Powers given with re-fpedt to Northumberland to extend to Berwick upon Tweed ; and if Perfons can be found there with requifite Qualifications, Chief Magi-

184

ft rate fltal! appoint proportionate Number of Officers to Men, and they fhall join Local Militia of Northumberland.

Governor of Ifle pf Wight to appoint Officers, See. of tliat Local Militia, which (hall be railed as and deemed Part of Local Militia of County of Southampton.

Certain Places deemed Parts of Counties, fub-jed to Authority, icc. of lieutenant? of those Counties.

C.33.	52° GEO. III.	AJD.il

faid County of Northumberland; and if Perfons can be found i the faid Town and Liberties thereof with fuch QualihcatioKl required for Officers, the Chief Magiflrate of the faid Town ol wick upon Tweed (hall appoint fuch Number of Officers of the 1 Militia as (hall be proportional to the Number of Local Militit which the faid Town fhall raife as their Quota towards the! Militia of the County of Northumberland; and the Lieutenant! faid County, and Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officeh Perfons acting in the Execution of this A61, for raifing and! ing the Local Militia within the faid County, are hereby aotbi and required to put this A£f into Execution within the faid' and the Liberties thereof, but fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch Pel as are infli&ed upon Deputy Lieutenants and other Officers i Local Militia for a&ing not being duly qualified ; and that the Militia Men to be cholen for the faid Town fhall join the Loa litia of the County of Northumberland, and he exerctfed togeiM (hall then, and alfo in time of actual Service, be deemed Parti Local Militia of the County of Northumberland.

‘ CLIX. And whereas the ordering the Militia of the j 1 Wight has always been in the Governor or Lieutenant Gd * of the faid Ifland ;* Be it therefore ena&ed, That after the ber of Perfons which the faid Ifland is to furnifh to the Local I of the County of Southampton (hall have been appointed, at k A6t is directed, by His Majefly’s Lieutenant and the Deputy tenants, or by the Deputy Lieutenants of the faid County it the Governor of the faid Ifland fhall appoint the Officers 1 Local Militia to be raifed in the faid Ifland, which Officers 1 Local Militia fhall be qualified in the fame manner, and are I empowered and required to a& in the Execution of this Ad, i fame manner and under the fame Dire&ions, Provifions and Pei as Officers of the Local Militia in the feveral Counties are bj Adi fubjedl to ; and the Local Militia of the faid Ifland (kail be in the fame manner as the Local Militia of the County of Sod tony and fhall be deemed a Part of the Local Militia of th County.

CLX. And be it further ena&ed, That, for the feveral Puroi of this AA, the Conflablery of Craxkty which is a Parcel of County of Durham, furrounded by Part of the North Riding of County of Turk, fhall be deemed to be (Unite within and Pan of faid North Riding; and that Part of the Pariffi of M*ker> wl Hes in the County of Cornwall, fhall be deemed to be fituate wit and Part of the County of Cornwall; and that the Town Parifh of Wokingham fhall be deemed to be fituate wit bio and! of the County of Berks ; and that the Hamlet of Cole/kili (hill deemed to be fituate within and Part of the County of 2ft* and that the Hamlet of Saint Thomas's Chatle fhall be dferatc be fituate within and Part of the County ot 1Storks ; and that Townfhip of Filey fhall be deemed to be htnate within and Part the Eaft Riding of the County of Fork ; and that Tkreafwodl be deemed to be fituate within and Part of che Parilh of Ward bury, in the County of Flint; and that the Porifh of Saint Mar called Stamford Barony in the Suburbs of the Borough and Town Stamfordy on the South Side of the Waters called Wellandy fhali deemed to be fituate within and Part of the County of Lncok, 5f	CLXI.	A



Google

JLD.I&12.

52*0X0.111.	C.38.	i6j

CLXI. And be ft further enafttd, That the fereral Towns and Places hereinbefore mentioned, and deemed to be fituate within and Part of the fereral Counties, Ridings and Places aforefaid, for the Purpofes of ibis Aft, fhall be fubjeft to the Jurifdiftion and Authority of tbe Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Jufticcs of the Peace, and other Officers of the refpeftive Counties, Ridings and Places, within which fuch Towns and Pieces are hereby deemed to be fituate; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXli. And be it further ewafted, That the Number of private Cinque Ports,

Men to be bailotted and enrolled for the Local Militia under this *c-Ad, within the Cinq we Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, (hall not exceed One thoufand Men.

CLXIII. And be it further enafted, That tbe Warden of the Warden of Cincoe Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, and in his Abfcnce his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, (hall within their refpeftive in £XcCution. ** Jun&irtioas put ioto Execution this Aft, and ufe and excrcife all tbe Powers and Authorities contained in this A ft, for the Purpofe of carrying the fame iAto Execution, and railing the Men to be prodded and railed within their refpeftive Jurifdiftions under this Aft, and all the Powers, Provifions, Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament, and hereby made applicable to the railing the faid Local Militia, or in this Aft, fhall be ia full Force for the Purpofe of railing the Local Militia within the Cinque Ports; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXIV. Provided alfo. That it fhall be lawful for tire faid War- Warden, *c. to den, and the faid Mayors* Jurats, Magiftrates or Deputy Liente-	for"each

rants, at a General Meeting to be holden as foon as may be after of pom any Ballot (hall have been direfted for the raifing of any Local Milan within the Ciuque Ports, and Lifts fhall have been 'returned for that Purpofe, to appoint the Number of Men to be raifed in pwfoanct of this Aft for each of the faid Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Liberties, and the feveral Members thereof refpeftively; and the Number of Men fo apportioned Ihall be raifed, bailotted tor and fwora in, purfuant to the Provifions of this Aft.

CLXV. And be it further enafted. That the Mayors, Jurats or Mayorr, kc. of other Magiftrates for the Time being, of each of the Cinque Ports, Cinque Pons, Two ancient Towns and their Liberties, and the feveral Members *c* ma-v a<^ >s thereof, fhall and may aft as Deputy Lieutenants for the Furpofes n^^andWsr-of this Aft 5 and that it (hall be lawful for the Warden of the faid den may appoint Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, to appoint other qualified my other Perfotis qualified in the manner direfted by an Aft made Peribnstoadt, mtbe Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, *C‘G ; Q 4* Ad for amending tbe Laws relating to the Militia in England, 41	9

md for augmenting the Militia, to aft in like manner as Deputy Lieutenants within the fame: Provided always, that the faid Warden may, with the Concurrence of any Meeting of Deputy Lieute-suiu, authorize the faid Mayors, Jurats and Magiftrates or Deputy Lieutenants, within fuch Ports, Towns, Liberties and Members, to iise their Orders to tbe refpeftive Conftables within the fame, to ittori within a limited time Lifts of all Persons liable to ferve in dfc Local Militia for fuch Port, Town, Liberty and Member refpec-twdy, id the manner required by this Aft, and by the faid Aft of



C.38.

jr GEO. III.

A.D.181 z

A l ocal Militia from Miners of Cornwall and Devon.

Warden of Stannaries, by Order of His Majesty, to procure all Matters to be done touching the Tinners.

4* G. 3. c. 7*. to extend to this A£h

Number of Local Militia ill Tower Hamlets. Powers of 37 G. 3. c.25. and 75, &c. to extend to this

A a.

43 G.3. c. 82.

the Forty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, 01 any Aft relating to the Militia of England, and may appoint fucli times as may appear to him to be neceffary and proper for t.hc Returns and Notices to be made and given, conformably to the Directions of the faid recited Aft and this Aft; and for the holding other Meetings, and doing all Ads, Matters and Things, which maybe neceffary for carrying this Ad into Execution within the Cinque Ports.

CLXVI. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for His Majesty to order and dired a Local Militia to be ballotted and enrolled from among the Tinners or Miners of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, not exceeding Eight hundred and twenty five private Men.

CLXVI I. And be it further enaded. That the Warden of the Stannaries in Great Britain fhall refpedively, in Obedience to His Majesty’s Orders to be iffued for that Purpofe, which His Majeftr is hereby empowered to iffue, procure all Matters to be done touching the Tinners of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, according to the Cuftoms of the Stannaries and Privileges-of the Working Tinners, as are hereby or by any Ad or Ads relating to the Tinners or Miners of Cornwall, or to the Militia, required to be done by the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants aforefaid, touching other Per-fons refiding in the faid Counties of Devon and Cornwall not entitled to the Benefit of fuch Privileges 5 and fuch Warden, Special Deputy Warden, and other Officers of the Stannaries, fhall have fuch and the like Powers and Authorities to do and execute all and every the Matters and Things which fhall be fo required to be done as aforefaid, as the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of the feveral Counties have for fo doing the feveral Matters and Things hereby required to be done by them refpeftively.

CLXVIII. And be it further enafted, That all and every the Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Authorities, Matters and Things contained in an A ft paffed in the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled, An Ad for repealing an Ad made in the Thirty eighth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled, An Ad for raifing a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom, during the prefent IVar ; and for the more effcdually raifing and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain, relative to raifing and regulating a Body of Miners within the Stannaries, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, fhall in all cafe9 in which other Provifions are not made by this Aft, be applied, praftifed, and put in force, in all refpefts, for raifing the Local Militia Men to be raifed out of the Tinners and Miners within the faid Stannaries under this Aft, as fully and effeftually as if the faid Aft and this Aft were confolidated into one Aft.

CLXIX. And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direft a permanent Local Militia to be ballotted and enrolled under this A ft in the Tower Hamlets and* Liberties of the Tower, not exceeding Four thoufand four hundred and eighty private Men, and fuch Local Militia fhall be ballotted and enrolled at fuch Period as His Majesty fhall by any fuch Warrant as aforefaid, direft 5 and all and every the Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Authorities, Matters and Things, contained in Two Afts made in the Thirty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, or in 1 of	any



Google

AJX1812.

187

$2° GEO. III.

C.38.

my other Ad or Ads relative to railing the Militia of the Tower Hamlets and Liberty of the Tower, together with all Claufes,

Powcts, ProviGons and Authorities contained in an Ad made in the Yorty third Year of His prefent Majefly, intituled, An AS to enable Hu Majejly more ejfeQually to raife and ajfemble in England an additional Military Force for the better Defence and Security of the Untied Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Profecution of the IVar, for rnteg the Men to be railed therein under that Ad, ftiall be applied, pradifed and put in force in all refpeds, for raifing the Men to be railed therein under this Ad, as fully and effedually as if the £bd Ads and this Ad were confolidated into one Ad.

CLXX. Provided always, That nothing in this Ad contained IVoviio for fhall be conitrued to extend to repeal any of the ProviGons of the 37^. }.c 15. laid Two recited Ads of the Thirty feventh Year aforefaid, other an<1 than as any new and additional Fines, Penalties and Powers in this Ad contained may be applicable and neceffary for the raifing the Men by this Ad direded to be raifed in the Tower Hamlets.

4 CLXX I. And whereas for the different Rapes in the Counties of Snffex and Eall Kent, there are no Peace Officers who can ad 4 officially for fuch Rapes : And whereas the Rapes in the faid 4 Counties are the moll convenient Diftrids to be appointed as the

*	Subdivifions for the Deputy Lieutenants to execute the feveral 4 Purpofes direded by this Ad, and do contain within theirBoun-4 danes feveral Hundreds, to each of which there is a Peace Officer 4 belonging : And whereas the Boroughs and Tythings over which 4 there are Headboroughs, Tythingmen or other Peace Officers, are 4 uncertain iu their Boundaries, and often include Parts of various 4 Parishes, from which great Inconveniences arife both in ballotting ‘ for the Meo to be drawn by Lot for the Service of the faid Militia,

4 and alfo in the Payment of the Money direded to be paid by the 1 Parifhes to thofe who may be allotted to ferve : And whereas it 4 would be more expedient that the ballotting for Men to ferve in the

*	faid Militia for the Counties of Suffix and Kent (hould be by the 4 Divifion of Parifhes, to which Divinon there are no Peace Officers

Be it therefore enaded, That the Churchwardens and Overfeers of Churchwardens thePoorof the feveral Parifhes in the faid Counties (hall, for the Pur- and Overfecrsin pofes of this Ad, be deemed the Officers of fuch Parifh, and (hall Suflex and Kent be invefted with the fame Powers and Authorities and be liable to have the fame Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Conftable, Tything- ft iblcs^i^otlicr* man, Headborough or other Officer of any Parifh, Tything or Place, places, is invefted with, or fubjed and liable to by virtue of this Ad.

CLXXII And be it further enaded, That every County, Hun- Counties, c dred or Parifh for which the full Number of Men required by any *a!:h Mantlc". Order of His Majesty under this Ad (hall not have been ballotted period*-1 c*n*m and enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of February fucceeding fuch Oder, if given Three Months before fuch Fourteenth Day of February, or in which any Deficiencies or Vacancies arifing in fuch Local Militia fhall not be filled up before the Fourteenth Day of February after the fame fhall have arifen, if the fame fhall have arifen Three Months before fuch Fourteenth Day of February, fhall be fobjed to a Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man remaining Pen-lty. deficient.

CLXXII I. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That every Pro\ »!<>.

Pariffi or Place in which fuch Fine fhall have arifen and in which

fuch

C.J8.

52’GEO. III.

A.D.18U

ConO.iMcs to make Returns, And akertain Deficiencies to be lupplied.

Penalty.

Commandants of Regiments fhall tranlmit to Quarter Seflions Certificates ot' Number of Deficiencies.

Juftices upon Receipt ot Certificate fhult make AilefT-ment.

Such AflefT-ments upon Counties to be made on each P.iri'.b, proportional1 v to Number of Men it is required to raile.

When Deficiency fhall arife in any paiticular

fuch Deficiency (hall be thereafter fupplied, (hall be entitled to dedi or have a Return of Two third Parts of any fuch Fine of Fif Pounds for every Man enrolled before the Fourteenth L>ay of Mi and One third Part of every fuch Fine of Fifteen Pounds for Man enrolled before the Firft Day of Aprils after any fuch Fine have fo arifen as aforefaid.

CLXXIV. And be it further enabled, That the Conftablesa other Officers of all Pariihes and Places for which any Local Man fhall be ferving, (hall make diligent Enquiry as to all Men e rolled in the Local Militia, for the Parifhes or Places for which tfe fhall refpeftively be Conllables, and fhall, before the Fourteenth Dl of November in each Year, return to the Clerk of the Subdivifi within which fuch Parifhes or Places (hall be, a true Account of i Perfons ferving for fuch Parifh or Place in the Local Militia, fpedl ing fuch as fhall have died or left their refidence, and whether I Perfons not then tefiding in fuch Pariffi or Place fhall have whsi left fuch Parifh or Place, or fhall dill retain any Houfe, Refidence Lodging, in fuch Parifh or Place, and alfo the Place to which f« Perfons fhall have gone as have changed their Refidences, if* the fan can be afeertained ; and every Conftable who (hall negleft: or reW to make any fuch Return, or fhall wilfully make any falfe Retail (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds-

CLXXV. And be it further enafted, That the refpe&ive Col mandants of tire Regiments of Local Militia in England (hall, witK Fourteen Days after the Fourteenth Day of February in each Yea tranfmit to the Clerk of the Peace to be laid before Juftices of ti Peace or Magiftrates affembled at the feveral General Quarter Sefioi of the Peace next after the Firft Day of March in each Year, Cel tificates of the Number of Men then remaining deficient in their n fpeftive Regiments, diftinguiffiing the Period for which fuch Defkiq cies or Vacancies have cxifted, by what Caufe occafioned, and ft what Diftrid, Divifion or Pariffi.	*

CLXXVI. And be it further enafted, That the Juftices of ti# Peace and Magiftrates of every fuch County, Riding and Pfocb aflemblcd at the General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be he$ next after the Firft Day of March in each Year (hall, upon the ceipt of the aforefaid Certificate of the Commandant, which ~ cate he is hereby required to tranfmit to the Clerk of the Peace fuch County, Riding or Place, in order to be laid before the Juftices and Magiftrates refpeftively at fuch Seffions, rate and the faid Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Man as aforefaid upon every fi Countv, Riding or Place.

CLkXVlI. And be it further enafted, That the Juftices Magiftrates aforefaid in making any fuch Rate and AflTeflment up<*f the Whole of any County, Riding or Place, (hall apportion ttfj Sums fo to be affeffed as aforefaid, and rate and afiefs the fame npot the feveral Parifhes and Tythitigs in fuch County, Riding or Place, it the fame Proportions in which the Men for the Local Militia are required to be raifed by fuch Pariffies and Tythings refpe&ively, according to fuch Apportionment as may have been made thereof in pur* fuance of this Aft, or to the laft Apportionment that (hall have been made of Men to be raifed by each Parifh and Tything.

CLXXVIII. And be it further enafted, That when in any County, Riding or Place, fuch Deficiency of Men (l^aQ arife from

the



520 GEO. III.	C.38.	189

ibe Default of aoy particular Parifh or Tything, or Parises or ParifliorPa-

Tythings, in fuch County, Riding or Place, in not railing the Pro-	\	*

portion or refpeciive Proportions of Men required to he raifed by any ma(je thcrt. Jju

iuch Parifh or Ty thing, or Parifhes or Tythings, then and in fuch

ciies ihe laid JuAices and Magiftrates, in making fuch Rate and

AfTefTment as aforefaid, fhall rate and aflefa all and every fuch Sum

and Sums of Money upon fuch Parilh or Tything, or Parilhes or

Tythings, that (hall have fo made Default as aforefaid, in Proportion

to the Number of Men by which each of fuch Parifhes or Tythings

M fall Ihort of the Number of Men required to be raifed therein.

CLXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That the Jufticea and Ma- Jufticesto tranf-giftrates of the fereral Counties, Ridings aud Places, where any fuch *"«* Amount of Rate and AfTefTment lhall be made as aforefaid, (hall, immediately Sums afTcir<d to after the Firfl Day of April next fucceeding the making of any fuch cierk^who (hall Rate and AfTefTcnent as aforefaid, tranfmit or caufe to be tranlmitted give Notice to the fereral Amounts of the Sums fo atfelTed upon the feveral Parifhes Overfecr* of and Tythings, to the refpe&ive Clerks of the Subdivilion to which P,,or* who lhall Parifhes or Tythings refpe&ively belong, and alfo a Duplicate thereof PJY Money out to the Secretary at War; and fuch Clerks of Subdivilion lhall within °	001	te#*

Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, caufe Notice thereof to be given to the refpe&ive Overfcers of tlie Poor of the feveral Parifhes and Tythings upon which any fuch Rate or AfTefTment fhall have been made as aforefaid; and fuch Overfeers fhall, within Fourteen Davs after fuch Notice as aforefaid of fuch Rate or AfTefTment, pay the Amount of the Rate or AfTefTment made upon their refpedtive Panflies or Tythings, out of any Money in their or any of their Hands, of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor ; and if they or any of them (hall not have fufEcient of fuch Money for that Purpofe, then fuch Orerfeers fhall and they are hereby required to make a Rate fuffident to fatisfy fuch Rate and AfTefTment: and it fhall be lawful for the [aid Orerfeers to levy and colle£t the fame in fuch manner as Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, or any other Rates made for the Purpofes of this A&, may be levied and colle&ed.

CLXXX. Provided always, and be it further cna&ed, That when- Ov.-rfrers mny trer any Sum fhall have been fo afiefled upon any Parilh or Place for Men certified to be deficient upon the Fourteenth Day of February, certain'Periods, it (hall neverthelefs be lawful tor any Deputy Lieutenant ailing for the Subdivifion in which fuch Parifh may be fituated, in all cafes in which any Man fhall have been fubfequently enrolled to fupply fuch Deficiency, to certify to the Clerk of fuch Subdivifion the Date of fuch Enrolments refpe&ively; and if it fhall appear from that Certificate that fiich Men were enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of Mircb or the Firft Day of April, it fhall be lawful for the Clerk of fuch Subdivifion and he is hereby required to remit to every fuch Psik fuch Two third or One third Part of fuch Fine refpe&ively 21 if hereinbefore dire&ed to be returned to fuch Parifh tor every Man enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the Firft Day of April refpe&ively ; and the Overfeers of the Poor of fuch Parifh itt hereby authorized to make a Dedu&ion of T wo thirds or One third Part of fuch Fine (as the cafe may be) from the Amount of thf AHment made upon fuch Parifh for every Man fo certified to have Wa enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the Firft Day difyri/refpe&ivcly.

CLXXXI. And



A.D.18;

190

Clerk of Subdivifion on receiving fuch Money fhjll remit lame to Agent General, who lhall pay thereout Bounties to Volunteers railed within a ceitain Period.

In Places where no County Rates, AfTefT-ments how raifed and paid.

Lying in Two Counties, A f-feftments how paid.

c.38.	52*	geo.	in.

CLXXXI. And be it further cnafted, That the Clerk or Cta of Subdivifion receiving any fuch Sum or Suras of Money, A within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, remit the Amen thereof to the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account ofi Agent General for the Local Militia; and during the Period Three Months from fuch Firft Day of April next fucceeding t making of any fuch Rate and AfTefTment as aforefaid, it (hail lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant of the Subdivifion of the County, Riding or Place, within which fuch Parilh, Ty thing Place (hall be fituate, to raife any Volunteer or Volunteers for fd Local Militia, in lieu of fuch Man or Men as (hall be fo defied: as aforefaid, and to agree with every fuch Volunteer for a Bern: not exceeding the Sum of Two Guineas; and the Deputy Lie tenant before whom any fuch Volunteer (hall be duly examined, 1 proved, fworn and enrolled to ferve in the Local Militia, (hall tra mit a Certificate of fuch Inrolment to the Agent General, ar upon the Produ&ion to the faid Agent General ot fuch a Certifies under the Hands of fuch Deputy Lieutenants as aforefaid, of fuch Volunteer having been duly examined, approved, fworn 21 enrolled to ferve in the Local Militia, and of a Certificate under ti Hands of the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion < Coiys of Militia of fuch County, Riding or Place, of fuch Ml having joined his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, the faid Age General (hall, and he is hereby required under the Direction of tS Secretary at War to pay out of fuch Money in his Hands as afor faid, any Sum of Money not exceeding the faid Sum of Two Goins for each of fuch Volunteers as aforefaid.

*	CLXXXII. And whereas there are feveral Cities, Towns « ‘ Places which do not contribute to the Payment of the faid Rat

*	called The County Rate, and Doubts may arife whether fuch Citie

*	Towns and Places, can be legally rated or afiefTed towards th

*	Payment of the Rate or Aflefiment to be laid in purfuance 0

*	this A6tBe it therefore ena6ted, That in all cafes where x\ Local Militia (hall not be raifed within any City, Town or Place, rx rated to the County Rate, the Proportion of the faid Sum of Fi teen Pounds per Man, to be borne by fuch City, Town or Plac (hall be raifed, levied and collc&ed within fuch City, Town or Plan by a feparate Rate or A(Te(Tment, in like manner, by the Overfed of the Poor, and by fuch and the like ways ibid means as the Ran for the Relief of the Poor can or may be raifed, levied and collected and fuch Overfeers of the Poor (hall from time to time pay over tl fame to the Clerk of the Subdivifion with which fuch City, Tow or Place (hall be joined or united, for the Purpofe of railing th Local Militia.

*	CLXXXTJI. And whereas there are fome Towns which lie i •Two Counties or Ridings, and Doubts may arife whether fuc

*	Towns are obliged to pay to both Counties or Ridings towari

* railing the faid Money Be it therefore further enacted. That wher any Town lies in Two Counties or Ridings, or Part thereof ic; County, and Part in a Riding, the Proportion of the faid Money ti be paia for fuch Town, in lieu of raifing the Local Militia as afore faid, (hall be paid to the Clerk of the Subdivifion of the County 0 Riding wherein the Church of fuch Town is fituate.

CLXXXIV. Ac*



Goo<; :e

AD.i8ii.

52 GEO. III.	C.38.	191

CLXXXIV. And be it further enaded, That if any Sum of Afltflmem for Money which ought to be paid by any City, Town or Place, not p,#cc where no rated to the County Rate as aforefaid, (hall not be paid to the County ****** . Clerk of the Subdiviiion as aforefaid, before the Firft Day of June "t^ubdilrfion * in every Year, the Juftices of the Peace for fuch County, Riding before June 1, or Place, fliall, at their Dext Mtdfummer Quarter Seffions, and they yearly, how are hereby required (by their Warrant, direded to anyConllable or levied. Tytbiagman of every fuch Partfh and Divifion) to caufe the Sum due from fuch Pariffi under this Ad, by reafon of fuch Men not being rai£d as aforefaid, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods ana Chattels of the refpedive Overfeers of the Poor of every fuch Parilh and Divifion, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after fuch Money, and the reafonable Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale, (hall be fully paid and fatisfied; and all foch Overfeers of the Poor (hall be re-imburfed the Money fo levied on them refpedively, by the fame ways and means as Over-fern of the Poor are re-imburfed the Money by them expended for the Relief of the Poor by the Laws now in being, and may make a Rate for that Purpofe if neceflary.

CLXXXV. And be it further enaded, That the Agent General When AfTeiT-into whofe Hands or to whofe Account any fuch Money fhall be mcnt “P00 *nY paid, (hall give a Receipt for fuch Money to the Perfon or Perfons ^licc ,irfa,d to. paying the fame, which Receipt (hall be a fufficient Difcharge for it b/in-™ * luch Payment; and that when the whole Sum direded to be raifed demnifiedfor not ra any County, Riding or Place as aforefaid, fhall be paid into the railing its Quota. Hands of the Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, in purfuance of this Ad, fuch Payment (hall be a full Difcharge and Iodemnihcation to fuch County, Riding or Place, for the Failure or Negkd in railing and training the Number of Men in the Local Militia for the Year in refped whereof fuch Payment (hall be made 5 and the Money fo paid into the Hands of the faid Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, (hall be applied to the Purpofes of the Local Militia, and (hall be accounted for yearly to Parliament.

CLXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That Clerks of Subdi-erery Clerk of Subdiviiion to whom any fuch Money (hall be paid v,n°n deuin as aforefaid, (hall be allowed for his Pains and Trouble the Sum of of MoneyThey One Penny in the Pound, upon the whole Sum fo by him received recci\ e, and fliall asd paid ; which Allowance every fuch Clerk of Subdiviiion is hereby make a like Al-authorizedto detain in his Hands out of the Money fo received by loanee to High him, before Payment made to the Agent General as aforefaid 5 and Conftfa*,lc* every High Conftable, Petty Conftable, Churchwarden and Over- as they^allbe* leer of the Poor, who (hall ad in the railing and colleding of the faid concerned in Mooey, (hall refpedively be allowed and paid by fuch Clerk of Sub- colleding. dmfioo, as a Recompence for their Trouble therein, the Sum of One Penny in the Pound of all fuch Money, in the raifing and colleding whereof they (hall refpedively ad as aforefaid; and fuch Clerk of Sobdivifion is hereby authorized and required to dedud the fame out of the Money fo received by him as aforefaid, and to pay the refpec-tive Proportions thereof to fuch High Conftables or other Officers aforefaid.

CLXXXVII. And be it further enaded, That the Clerk of the Clerks of Peace foot for every County, Riding or Place, (hall and he is hereby to rajarcd, within Fourteen Days next after the General Quarter Sel- CeniLat°es?e-foo of the Peace to be held next after the Twenty fifth Day of ce{,ett from

December, Commandants of vjOOQ 1C

19?

Regiments, and where not delivered, to certify Inch Omillion to Secretary at War, and to certify OmifTions of Juft ices in proceeding to raiie Aloney to Secretary at War, who ftiall compel them to do f*.

If 15I per Alan

not railed in any Place, and paid to Agent General, the Solicitor of Treafnry to compel its being done.

Negleft of Duty in Clerks of Peace, &c. Penalty.

Penalty.

Solicitor of Treafury to pro-

C.3&	5t* GEO.III.	A.JXttij

December, yearly, to tranfmit to the Secretary at War a Copy fig* by fuch Clerk of the Peace, of every Certificate which he (hall h* received from the Commandants of the feveral Regiments of Los Militia in fuch County, Riding or Place as aforefaid ; and whe fuch Certificate (hall be omitted to be delivered, the Clerk of ti Peace fhall certify fuch Omiffion to the Secretary at War, and tki fuch Clerk of the Peace hath certified the fame to the Juflices j fuch General Quarter Selfion, and required fuch Juflicea to pro* according to the Dire&ions of this Ad, and fuch Clerk of the Pea fhfdl alfo certify what Proceedings have been had at fuch Gene* Quarter Sefiions, in relation to the afTeffing and raifing of the £1 Money, where the Local Militia fhall not have been raifed ; and) cafe fuch Juflices fhall omit, negled or refufe to proceed to raife t) laid Money, according to the Dire&ions of this Ad, then the Cla of the Peace of fuch County, Riding or Place, fhall and is herd required within Fourteen Days next after fuch General Quart Sefiion of the Peace, to certify to the Secretary at War, fit Omiflion, Negled or Refufal of fuch Juflices, and the Names of il Juflices who fhall be prefent at fuch Sefiion ; and the Secretary! War is hereby empowered and required, on Receipt qf fuch Certii cate, forthwith to give Dire&ions to the Solicitor of the Treafiu to proceed by all fuch legal ways and means as fhall be mofl effi&a and expeditious, to compel fuch Juflices to pay due Obedience \ this Ad, and to caufe the faid Money to be raifed, colltded is paid.

CLXXXVIII. And be it further enaded, That if the faid of Fifteen Pounds per Man, to be raifed and paid in any County, Riding or Place as aforefaid, fhall not be levied, collect and paid into the Hands of the Agent General, or to his Accod at the Bank, in maimer hereinbefore direded, the Solicitor of tlj Treafury is hereby required, forthwith upon Knowledge or Infon* tion thereof, to proceed, by all fuch legal ways and means as flu be mofl effedual and expeditious, to compel the levying and ca leding of fuch Money and the Payment thereof into the Hindi i the Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, as aforefaid.

CLXXX1X. And be it further enaded, That if any Clerk < the Peace fhall refufe or wilfully negled to receive, deliver, fil make, record or tranfmit any fuch Certificates as aforefaid, accon ing to the Diredions and true Meaning of this Ad, every fuc Clerk of the Peace fo offending fhall, for every fuch Offeree, forfc and pay the Sum of One hundred pounds, and fhall alfkj forfeit h Office, and be rendered incapable of having, receiving or heddia any Office of Trufl, Civil or Military, under the Crown ; and if an Clerk of Subdivifion, Chief Conftable, Petty Conilable or otbj Officer who ought to a& and affifl in the railing and colled ing of tl faid Money, fliall wilfully omit or neg ed or refufe to ad or affi therein, according to the Diredion and true Meaning of this Ac every fuch Clerk of Subdivifion fo offending fhall, for every fuc Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Fou*4m a* every fuch Chief Conftable fo offending fhall, for every fuch Ofeua forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds ; and every fuch Conftable and other Officer fp offending fhajl, for every fuch Qffenci forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and the Solicitor0 the Treafury fhall and be is hereby required, when direded fo t

d



>D.i81 2-

193

520GEO. III.	C.38.

by the Secretary at War as aforefaid, with all due Diligence, to Tecute with Effeft all fuch Juft ices of the Peace, Clerks of Sub-and other Officers, who lh 11 omit, negleft or rcfufe to per-m the Duty required of them tefoeftively by tin's Aft, touching g, coflefting and paying of the faid Money 5 and in cafe (tor of the Treafury (hall wilfully omit or delay to proceed aiaft any fuch .Indices of the Peace, Clerks of Subdivifion or other Bicm aforefaid, he (hall, for every fuch Off e, forfeit ar.d pay Sura of Five hundred Pounds.

CXC. And be it further enafted, That every Perfon who (hall re and	I,	whofe	Afleffment	in	any Kate to be made or

the Purpofe of the Payment of any Fines under this Aft, ll be made on any Property not exceeding in annual Value, ac-dkg to the Valuation on which fuch Rate (hall be made, the Sura unds, (hall be wholly exempt from fuch Rate; and b Perfon whofe Afleffment (hall be made on any fuch Pro-rtr, exceeding in U Huai Vahit? as aforefaid Inch Sum of Twenty •undi'fliail by reafon of fuch Service be exempt as to fuch Property tW Amount of fuch Sum of Twenty Pounds, and he rated in fuch * cufy to the Amount by which fuch Property (hall exceed fuch iuaZ Sum of Twenty Pounds as aforefaid ; and if any Perfon (hall ik himfelf or hcrfelf aggrieved by any fuch Rate as aforefaid, fuch fell may appeal to the next General or Quarter Seffions, in fuch •ner as is provided in cafes of Appeal againil Rates for the Relief he Poor.

.MCI. And beit further enafted, That every Cleikof Subdivifion (hall, if required fo to do by the Deputy Lieutenants Wed at any General or Subdivifion Meeting, give Security by i to Hh Majefly, with Two fufficient Sureties, in fuch Sums as Deputy Lieutenants (hail fix, for duly accounting for and remit-:*all Moan paid into his Hands under the Provifions of this Aft. JXCII. And be it further enafted, That every Clerk of Subdivi-t Meetings (hall keep an Account, in the Form to this Aft ailed, marked ( H.) or in fuch other Form as may from time to time direfted for that Purpofe by the Secretary at War, of all Fines, cities and Forfeitures from time to time received by him, and of all Sums allowed to any Individuals, Counties, Hundreds Paridies, by reafon of any Fines or Penalties, or Parts of any ti or Penalties, being remitted under the Provifions of this Aft ;

the Deputy Lieutenants or Juftices attending at the time of any li Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture being impofed or remitted, or any Pe of them, (hall and they are hereby required to certify the fame be correft, and the Clerk of Subdivifion Meetings (hall verify the ne upon Oath, which Oath any One Deputy Lieutenant or tlice of the Peace is authorized to adminifter, and (hall tranfmit Secretary at War fuch Account made up to the Twenty -V of December in each Year, or to fuch other Period as the ctacy at War fliall direft.

CXCIIL And be it further enafted, That every Clerk of Subdi-»ct Meetings (hall and is hereby required within Seven Days after Twenty fourth Day of March, June, September and December,

; -lively in each Year, or oftcucr if required, to tranfmit an Ac-; -A to the Secretary at War for the time being, of all Sums re-■ *‘d by him and remitted to the Bank of England, to the Account ;2Glu III.	O	‘ Of



fecute Juftices, &c. for Negleft. Penalty.

Perfons ferving under Aft exempt in Whole or in Part from Rates made for Payment of Fines.

AppeaL

Subdivifion Clerks to givt Bond.

Subdivifion Clerks to keep Account of Fines, See. and tranfmit fame-to Secretary at War.

Subdivifion Clerks to iranl mit to Secretary at War Accounts of Money remitted to Agent General, verified on Oath.



<2-3*.

$2* GEO. nr.

A.D. 1*1:

Nfglefttng to make Returns and to give Notices, kc.

Penalty.

Provifo.

Commiffions not to vacate Seats in Parliament.

Voters going to E!t&ions of Members.

Non Commif-(ioned Officers, fcc. not liable to ferve as Peace Officers.

Married l.ocal Militia Mon may fet up in any Place in G.B. as Soldiers may under 24 G. 3. SefT. a. c. 6.

No Stamp Duty •r Commiflicns.

of the faid Agent General, for the Purpofes of this Aft, upon Oath before One Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Pei which Oath any fucli Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Pe* hereby authorized to adminifter, and made in the Form of the Si dule to this Aft annexed, marked (1.) or fuch other Form as 1 from time to time be prescribed in that Behalf by the Secretary War.

CXCIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That in alii in which it is in this Act direfted and required that any Retuaj Lift fhould be made, or any Notice given, or any Fine, Peui Forfeiture or other Money remitted by any Clerk of the Peace,« any Clerk of General or Subdivifion Meetings, or by any Odj or by any Colonel Commandant or other Officer of Li cal Mfl every fuch Clerk of the Peace or other Perfon as aforefaid, who! omit, negleft or refufe, or wilfully delay making any fuch Retaf Lift, or giving any fuch Notice, or remitting any fuch Fine, PeJ Forfeiture or other Money as aforefaid, in the manner direftedbyf Aft, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the SumofTw# Pounds : Provided always, that nothing herein fhall be conflroci extend to any cafe in which any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture 4 already be impofed for any fuck Offence by the Provifionsof^ Aft.

CXCV. And be it further enafted, That the Acceptance f Commiffion in the Local Militia fhall not vacate the Seat of | Member returned to ferve in Parliament.

CXCVI. And be it further enafted, That no Officer, Noti( miflioned Officer, Drummer, or private Man of the Local 1 fhall be liable to any Penalty or Punifhment for or on Aca his Abfenceduring the time he fhall be going to vote at any E of a Member to ferve in Parliament, or during the time he i returning from fuch Election.

CXCVI I. And be it further enafted, That no Serjeant, CotjJ or Drummer of the Local Militia, or any private Man, fromtbet of his Inrolment until he fhall be regularly difeharged from the U Militia, fhall be compelled to ferve as a Peace Officer or ParifhOl

CXCVIII. And be it further enafted, That every Perfon bif ferved in the Local Militia when drawn out into aftuai Sol being a married Man, may fet up and exercife any Trade in any ft or Place within Great Britain, without any Let, Suit or MoldbJ of or from any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, for or by reafbf ufing orexercifing fuch Trade, as freely and with the fame Provifi| and under the fame Regulations, and with the like Exception refpeft to the Two Univerftties, as any Mariner or Soldier ett may do by virtue of an Aft paffed in the Twenty fourth Yen His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An AB to enable fvcb Ojk Mariner j and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Serv'tce, fl the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Me a, Jim Second Tear of His prefent Majcfly's Reign> to exercife Trades; md fuch Local Militia Man fhall be liable to be removed out of any £ Town or Place, until he is become chargeable to the Parifli.

CXCIX. And be it further enafted. That no Commiffon gnw before the palling of this Aft, or which fhall be granted after I palling of this Aft, to any Officer in the Local Militia, fhall be4 ieft to any Stamp Duty.

CC. A



Google

L 1&12.	Ji* GEO. III.	C.3S.	19^

C. And be it further ena&ed, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders Bills for Pay rn for the Pay or Allowance of the Local Militia, and aifo all an<* Allowance, s. Drafts and Orders, by which any Sums of Money or Fines *c.drawnonun» remitted to the Bank of England, or the Agent General, or any amp ****** ■Ton or Perfons authorized by the Secretary at War to receive mey 00 Account of the Local Militia, may and (hall be drawn » undamped Paper ; and no fuch Bill, Draft or Order, fhall be A by reafoo of not being fo drawn or written on damped Paper ; r thing m any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary not with-ding.

JCI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and For* how Penalties ires by this Ad impofed, which (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty recovered, and tods, (hall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Informa- how applied.;

I, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wejlmtnjler, or the Bats of Great Sefiion in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of Counties Palatme of Cbefler, Laneajler and Durham (as the cafe £1 require) wherein no Effoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of pr or more than One Imparlance (ball be allowed ; and that all es. Penalties and Forfeitures, by this Ad impofed, which (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, (hall, on Proof of the rnce either by voluntary Confeffion of the Party, or by the Oath,'

)ne or more credible Witneffes, before any Juftice of the Peace of County, Riding or Place where the Offence (hall be committed, erred by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, Diftrd* Warrant under the Hand and Si al of fuch Juftice, rendering the rplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting th? Charges of fuch I refs acd Sale, to the Perfon whofe Goods and Chattels (hall p been fo diftrained and fold ; and for Want of fufficient Diftrefs, i Juftice is hereby required, in all cafes where no particular time ^ommitiDent is hereinbefore directed, to commit fuch Offender to Common Gaol of the County, Riding or Place where the Offence imprifonmeot#

1 have been committed, for any time not exceeding Three Months ; the Money arifing by all fuch Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures,

Application whereof is not otherwife particularly directed by Act, fhall be remitted to the Agent General for Local Militia, the Bank of England, to be placed to his Account, and to be applied and accounted for in the manner hereinbefore directed, lefped to Fines affeffed upon the Parifhes for Deficiencies.

Ill- And be it further euaded, That in all cafes in which it Certificate of this Ad directed that any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture (hall be Amount of cef* ted to any Subdivifion Clerk, or to the Agent General, or to ta,n l>®naltie* kr*k of England, to be placed to the Account of the faid Agent gecretar ml, it (hall be lawful for any One or more Deputy Lieute- war! * ^

, Juftices or Magiftratcs by whom any fuch Fine, Penalty or iture may have been impofed, for any Offence committed againft let, and he or they is or are hereby directed and required within Days after fuch Fioe, Penalty or Forfeiture may have been im-to tranfmit to the Secretary at War a Certificate of the Amount :h Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, in the Form of the Schedule to Kti annexed, marked (G.)

will. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons Witnefles »ot^ fom mooed as a Witnefs or Witneff s to give Evidence before attending dufticts touching any of the Matters relative to this Ad, either t Pan of the Profecutor, or Perfons accufed, and (hall neglect or

Q 2	Digitized	by

i?6

A.D. il

Penalty*

Cenvt&ions.

Form.

Certiorari.

Limitation of Ad ions.

General I flue.

Treble Cortf.

Provifiom relating to Counties to extend to Riding*, and

C.38*	£2°	GEO*	III*

itfufe to appear at the Time and Place, to be for that Porpofi pointed, without reasonable Excufe for fuch his, her or their Ne or Refufal, to be allowed of by fuch Juftices before whom the P cution (hall be depending, that then every fuch Perfon (hall f< for every fuch Offence any Sura not exceeding Five Pounds, t» levied and paid in fuch manner and by fuch means as is direded; the other Penalties.

CCIV. And be it further enaded, That the Juffice or Jui before whom any Offender (hall be convidcd as aforefaid, (hall c the faid Convidion to be made out in the manner and Form fol ing, or in auy other Form of Words to the fame Effed, mutdiit tand'u ; that is to fay,

4 gE it remembered, That on the	Day	of

4	in	the	Year	of Our Lord

4	in the County of	A. B. of

4	was convided before me C. D. or before us, C. D. and

4 F. Two of His Maiefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the (aid Cooi 4 redding near the Place where the Offence was committed :

* that tne faid A. B. on the	Day	of

4 now laft paft, did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in t « cafe made and provided [here Jiate the Offence againft the A8:] 1 € I or we do declare and adjudge, that the faid A. B. hath foHd « the Sum of	*

CCV. And be it further enaded, That no Order of Conud made by any Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, or br? Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any One Deputy Li tenant together with any One Juftice of the Peace, or by any Juf or Juftices of the Peace, by virtue of this Ad, (hall be remowJ Certiorari out of the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Town orPJ wherein fuch Order or Convidion (hall have been made, into 1 Court whatfoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari (hall fuped Execution or other Proceedings upon any fuch Order or Convitt fo made in purfuance of this Ad ; but that Execution and 01 Proceedings (hall be had and made thereupon, any fuch Wi Writs, or Allowance thereof notwithftanding.

CCVI. And be it further enaded. That if any Adion flu brought againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in fyance of this Ad, fuch Adion or Suit (hall be commenced withi Months next after the Fad committed and not afterwards, and be laid in the County, Riding or Place where the Caufe of ( plaint did arife, and not elfewnere ; and the Defendant or Deferl in every fuch Adion or Suit may plead the General I flue, and this Ad and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to b thereupon ; and if the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defei in any fuch Adion or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ft nonfuit, or discontinue his, her or their Adion or Suit aftfl Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if, upon Deni Judgment (hall be given againft the rlaintiff or Plaintiffs, the fendant or Defendants (hall have Treble Coils, and have the like medy for the fame as any Defendant hath in other cafes to Cofts by Law.	"	j

CCVII. And be it fuither enaded, That all Provifmns, fl tions, Claufes, Matters and Things whatever in this Ad cootJ relating to Counties, (hall extend and be conftnied to extend I

digitized by VJjCJOvIVC	Dji|

AJ).i$i2.

>97

520 GEO. III.	C.38.

Ridings, Shires, Divifions, Cities and Places ; and all Provifions Diredioos, Claufes, Matters and Things in this Ad contained, relating to Hundreds, (hall extend and be conftrued to extend to all Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes and other Divifions in or of any fuch County, Riding, Oivifion, Shire, City or Place; and all Provifions, Dirrdions, Claufes, Matters and Things in this Ad contained, relating to Panflies, (hall extend and be conftrued to extend to all Townfhips, Tythrrgs aod Places, and to all Extra parochial Places united therewith, for the Purpofes of any Ad relating to the Militia; and all Powers by this Act given to any Conftable (hall extend to all Ty-thagroen, Headboroughs, Peace Officers and other Perfons ading 25 Conftables in any Counties, Hundreds, Parifhes and Places in which there (hall be no Conftable, as fully and amply as if they were federally and refpeftivelv repeated in every fuch Provifion, Diredion and Claufe, and with relation to every fuch Matter or Thing.

CCVIII. And be it further enaded, That any Perfon taking a falfe Oath in any cafe when an Oath is required to be taken by this AB, (hall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly convicted, be liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Perfons convided of wilful and corrupt Penary are fubjeft and liable to.

CCIX. And be it further enaded, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

£Scc as to Scotland,pojl. c. 68.]

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

Schedule (A.)

^	Clerk of the Peace for the County

of	do	hereby certify, That the Officers below

[pecified, ferving in the	Battalion of Local

Militia, have left with me their Qualifications as direded in the Eleventh Seftion of the Ad for amending the Laws relating to the

Colonel.

Lieutenant Colonel.

Major.

* Captains.

| - Lieutenants.

.■

| ■ Enfigns.

J

Schedule (B.)

FORM OF OATH.

do make Oath, That I arri by my and have been ufually refident in the in the County of	tb^t

0 3	I	am

Local Militia.

Trade a Puiih of

rebtin|to Hundreds to extend to Rapes,

See.

Powers given to Conftables to extend to Tything-men, See.

Perjury.

A£i altered, Stc.



ipS	C.38.	52*	GEO.	III.	A.D.181*.

•I am unmarried [or, have a Wife living, as the cafe may he] ; and that I have no Children, [or, not more than Two Children born in Wedlock] ; and that I have no Rupture, nor ever was troubled with Fits, and am no ways difabled by Lamenefs or otherwife, but have the perfect Ufe of my Limbs ; and that I am not a Seaman or Seafaring Man. As witnefs my Hand at	the

Day of	One thoufand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at	this	Day	of

One thoufand dght hundred and Witnefs prefent.

SCHEDULE (C.)

SUBDIVISION of	in	the	County	of

RETURN of Inrolment, dated the	Day of

Parishes.	NAMES OF Me N.		Date  of  Inrolment.	Age.	CLASSES.			
	Ballotted.	Volunteers.			Uh | 2d.		3d-	Laft.
A.  B.	S. Jones.	Tho. Gray.	June lit. 3d.	22 2 6	X  1		X	i  1
Totals.								I  1  1

Signed A. B. Clerk to Subdivifion Meeting.

SCHEDULE (D.)

RETURN of the	Company	in	the	of	the

Local Militia of the County of	dated	the	Day	of	I

Hundred  or	Parilh.	Names of Men Servin.		Age.	CLASSES.			
Divifion.		Ball. tted.	Volunteers-		ift.	ad.	3d. |	| Laft.
H.	B.	S. Jones.	—	32		X		
M.	C.	—	T. Gray.	24	X			
Totals.	1							

Signed A. B. Captain of	Company.



SCHEDULE

A.D. i8it.

5 a* GEO. m.

C.38.

ij»

SCHEDULE (E.)

RETURN of Private Local Militia Men ferving for the County of Dated tbe Day of									
Dduipbosof  WftL	No. of each.	Years of Service unexpired. | No. in each Clafs.							
		I.	2.	3*	4.	1.	2.	3-	Lait.
ft  t  Ballotted  Volunteers									
Totals.									
A.B. Clerk to General Meetings.									

SCHEDULE (F.)

Dated the	Day	of

Name of tfael Names of County. t the Men.  1 J		Of the Parifh of	Of the Hun. dred or other Divifion of	Time of Service expires on	Sum for which they are willing to it! VC.	Signature of Confent.
L	A. B. C.D.	p.  Q-	H.  I.			A.B.  C.D.

SCHEDULE (G.)

THIS is to certify. That I	{or, we, the cafe may bc~\ One {or

of Hia Majesty’s Juftice* of the Peace {or, Deputy Lieutenants, at the cafe waj if] did, on the	Day of	laft	paft, levy upon

C. D. the Sum of	Pounds, being the Amount of Fine impofed

[tm fpccify the Offence] under the Ad for amending the Laws relating to the Loal Militia of England. Dated this	Day	of

(Signed) A.B. Juftice.

o 4	SCHEDULE



loo

5 2° GEO.IIL

A.D.181

C.38.

SCHEDULE (H.)

ACCOUNT of PENALTIES impofcd and remitted by the LIEUTENANCY.

Date when Impofed.	Name of Perfon.	Penalty of  £.i°- f°r  Pci Ions worth more than £200. per Aunum.	Penalty of £ic for Perlona worth more than £ iro, per Ann. and not exceeding £200.	Penalty of1 Remit r ^ c 1 itnnce ot /.TO. for L. ,  Fines &c.  lerlfn* (allowed worth left ,b h  ,h*n/,o°- Lieute-  IwrAnn- Inancy.		Net Sum impofed.	Remarks.
			'				

Deficiency in the Subdivifion of	in	the County of	as	jx

Return herewith annexed, figned by the Commandant, dated the	bm

Men at £	per Man £	paid	to	the	Clerk	of	Subdivide)

Meetings for	on	the

We do certify t that the above Account is truly andjuftly fiated to the bef of our Knowledge and Belief.

----------Deputy Lieutenant.

----------Magiftrate.

SCHEDULE (I.)

QUARTERLY ACCOUNT of the Clerk of SUBDIVISION MEETINGS

Date when received	c  a  tj  3* -d  V. V  O -V «  s  M  *	Penalty of  £30. for Perlons worth more than £200. per Annum.	Penalty of £20. for Perlons worth more han £ico. and not (xceeoing £200.	Penalty of f 10 for Pei fons worth lefs than £ 100. per Annum.	'o £  c j? < «■	Date when remitted.		•5^  Wj tl  Si  E*  <
							Bv Remit, "y tance to tlie / B.ink of l-.ngland. \  By Remit-tance to the/ Agent Ge-f neral. J |	I’

Sworn before me

Day of	181

-------Deputy Lieutenant

or Juftice.

Clerk of

I hereby certify upon Oath, that the above i« a juft and true Account of all Sums received by me as Clerk of the Subdivifion Meetiup or the County of	between	the

Day of	and	the

Day of	to	the	bell	of	my

Knowledge and Belief.

---------Signature.

the Subdivifion of the County of



Google

CAP.

A.D. i8i2

52® GEO. in.

201

CAP. XXXIX.

An ASt for the more effedual Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Veffels on the Coaft of England.

[20th April 1812.]

4 TTJ'HEREAS Ships and Veffels have frequently been wrecked,

*	W and many Lives and much Property have been loft, from

*	the Ignorance or Mifcondud of Perfons taking charge of fuch Ships,

*	or Veffels as Pilots: And whereas the Corporation of Trinity Houfe 4 of Deptford Strond have, as well by Ufage for more than Three 4 Centuries, as by Grants from the Crown, and under the Authority

4 of an Ad pa (Ted in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majeftr 5 C. a. o.ao.

*	King George the Second, been empowered to appoint Pilots, Loadf-f men or Guides, to conduit Ships or Veffels into and out of and upon

*	the River of Thames, through the North Channel to or by Or ford*

4 weft, and round the Long Sand Head, through the Queen’s Channel

*	or other Channels into toe Downs, and from and by Orfordnefs, and 4 op the North Channel, and up the Rivers Thames and Medway, and 4 the feveral Creeks and Channels belonging or running into the fame;

4 and to make fuch Orders and Conftitutions as fhould be needfal for

*	the wholefome Government of Seafaring Men, and Maintenance and

*	Increafe of Navigation, and of all Seafaring Men within the faid 4 River of Thames ; in purfuance of which Powers she faid Corpora-‘ lion have from time to time appointed a fufficient Number of Pilots 4 for the Purpofes before mentioned: And whereas there hath been,

4 time out of Mind, and now is, a Society or Fellowfhip of Pilots of 4 the Trinity Houfe of Dover, Deal and the IJle ofThanet, who have 4 had the Pilotage and Loadmanage of all Ships from the faid Place*

4 op the Rivers Thames and Medway, which laid Society or FeHoW-

4 {hip have been confirmed by various Alts of Parliament for regus. 3O.i.c.ij.

*	feting the Pilots of the Society or Fellowfhip of Pilots of Dover, 7 Gi.Sum.

4 Deal and the IJle of Thanet, commonly called Cinque Port Pilots i C'2 q

4 notwithftanding which, many Perfons not having Licence or Ao^ qSeC 4 thority, or competent Knowledge or Experience have taken upon d**.

4 themfeives to alt as Pilots for conducing Ships or Veffels to- and 4 from and upon the faid Rivers, to the great Hazard of fuch Ships 4 or Veffels, and their Cargoes, and the Lives of their Crews: And 4 whereas the Provisions of the faid Ads have been found inadequate 1 to the Regulation of Pilotage, and the Prevention of fuch Mifchfeft^

4 and it is therefore neceffary that further and more effedual Regular 4 tioos fhould be made for that Purpofc, and that ad the Provifion*

1 and Regulations relating to the feveral Descriptions of Pilots afore-4 laid fhould be repealed : And whereas Alts of Parliament Have been 4 paled for eftabhfhing feparate and peculiar Jurifdidioas in relation 4 to Pilotage in certain Ports, and on different Parti of the Coaft: df 4 Esfland, which, by reafon of the fame being limited, have been,

1 foond infufficient to anfwer the good Purpofes intended thereby:

4 and it is therefore neceffary that more effedual Regulations fhould

*	be made in relation to Pilotage on the Coaft of England1: And 4 whereas an Ad was paffed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reigd

1 of His prefect Majcfty, intituled An AB for the better RegtifathH of 4ftO,3.c.<04v

*	Pikfs, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Veffels navigating the BHtiuf

4 Sm, which is tfow aear expiring 5 and it inexpedient that the fame

4 fhould.



Google

A.D.i8

S«2

48 G.3.C.IM. continued.

Provifions in A6b relating to Pilots, repealed.

Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford (hall licenfe fit Per-fons as Pilots, within certain Limits;

like Powers to Lord Warden of Cinque Pons, Ac.

Exceptions.

C.3J.	52* geo. m.

c fhould be continued, with Alterations and Amendments, as is h<

*	inafter ena&ed: And whereas it is neceflary for duly enforcing!

*	Laws refpe&ing Quarantine, on which the Health of His Majdl r Subie6ts efTentially depends, that the Names and Places of Reftda

*	of all Pilots in England fhould be known by thofe whofe Duty ft

*	to convey Information refpe&ing thofe Laws from time to time

*	them:’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it may be ( aded ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s Moll Excellent Majesty,! and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Te poral, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by f Authority of the fame, That the faid Ad, palled in the Forty eigb Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, fo far as the famerriai to any Rates of Pilotage due or to become due, or to any Penalty Forfeiture incurred or to be incurred, or any other Ad, Matter] Thing done or to be done before the Commencement of the OperatJ of any of the Provifions of this Ad, in relation to any fuch Mitti as aforefaid, (hall be and the fame is hereby continued ; and that; and every the Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Penalties, Forfehun Matters and Things relating as well to Pilots appointed by the ft Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond, as to Pilots oft Fellowlhip of Dover, Deal and the ljle of Thanet, and to the Pilotti by and Regulation of all fuch Pilots as aforefaid, and alfo as to tl Condud of all Perfons in Matters of Pilotage within the Jurifdifii of the faid Corpo /ation of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strong a the Liberty of the Cinque Ports, which are contained in any Ad < Ads of Parliament heretofore made, (hall be and the fame are herd repealed.

II. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the pafis of this Ad, it (hall be lawful for the Mailer Wardens and Affiftasi of the Guild, Fraternity or Brotherhood of the Mod Glorious an Undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement in the Parifti of Deptjtt Strond in the County of Kent, (commonly called The Corporation 1 Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond) and they are hereby required 1 appoint and licenfe, under their Common Seal, fit and competei Perfons, duly /killed as Pilots, for the Purpofe of condu&iog a Ships and VefTels failing, navigating and palling up and down, \ upon the Riyers of Thames and Medway, and all and every d feveral Channels, Creeks and Docks thereof or therein, or leadic or adjoining thereto, as well between Orfordnefs and London Brill as from London Bridge to the Downs, and from the Downs Wei ward as far as the IJle of Wight, and in the Engli/b Channel from tl IJle of Wight up to London Bridge : And, that from and after tl palling of this A 61, it fhall be lawful for the Lord Warden of tl Cinque Ports, and Conftable of Dover Caftle, or bis Lieutenant f< the time being, and they are hereby required to appoint and licenfe! and competent Perfons, duly /killed as Pilots, for the Purpofe of coi dudting all Ships and VefTels failing, navigating and paffing from tl Weftward up the Rivers Thames and Medway ; that is to fay, froi Dungenefs up to London Bridge and Rocbefer Bridge, and from tl Buoy of the Brake to the Weftward; that is to fay, from the hi Buoy to the Weft End of the Owers; all which Vefleis fhall b conduced and piloted by fuch Pilots fo appointed and licenfed, an by no other Pilots or Perfons wbomfoever; and alfo fave and excep as well all Colliers as alfo all Ships and VefTels trading to Norwaj

go

CjOoq le

A.D. i8t2.

105

5 2* GEO. m.	C.39.

awf to the Cat teg at and Baltic, and likewife round the North Cape, 2od into the White Sea ; and fave and except all conftant Traders inwards from the Ports between Boulogne inclufive and the Baltic, foeh Ships and Veflela having Britijh Remitters, and coming up the North Channel by Orfordnefs, but not otherwise 5 and likewife fave and except all coafting Veffels, and all Irijh Traders ufing the Navigation of the River Thames as Coafters : Provided always, that it (hall be lawful after the patting of this Aft, for any Pilot or Pilots heretofore appointed by the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deft/orl Strmd, or by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and CoirtfabJe of Dover Cattle for the time being, or bis Lieutenant for tlie time being, to pilot or coniduft any Ship or Vcffel within fuch Lim ts as fuch Pilot or Pilots might lawfully have conduced and piloted the fame before the patting of this Aft, under and by virtue of tbe Licences or Authorities granted to fuch Pilots refpeftively as aforefaid; which rei'peftive Licences (hall continue in force notwith-ihcding this Aft, fo that fuch Pilots refpeftively do in all things conform themfelves to the Provifions of this A61, and the Rules and Regulations to be eftablifhed under the fame.

III.	And he it further enafted, That, from and after the patting of this Aft, the refpeftive Rates or Prices hereinafter enumerated in the Table marked (A.) in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, may be lawfully demanded and received by any Pilot licenfed by the hid Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strand, for the piloting or condufting of any Ship or Veffel from Place to Place, as expreflied in the faid Table, and that no greater Rates or Prices, or other Reward or Emolument (hall, under any Pretence whatever, be demanded, folicited or received, than fuch Rates or Prices.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That each and every Pilot already appointed, or to be appointed by the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Stroud, under the Authority of this Aft (except only fuch Pilots as (hall be appointed by the laid Corporation upon their receiving Certificates of Examination, by any Sub Commiflioners of Pilotage as hereby direfted) ttiall from time to time, and at all times hereafter, pay or caufe to be paid to the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they lhall appoint to receive the fame on their Behalf^ the Sum of Three Guineas in the Month of January yearly, which Payment fhall be accepted by the faid Corporation in Lieu and Satisfaftion of arid for all the ancient and accumftomed Duties payable by fuch Pilots to the faid Corporation, under the Provifions of an Aft patted in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, or any ether Statute or Charter whatever, and (hall be applied for the Ufe and Benefit of the Poor of the faid Corporation, (after firit defraying thereout the Expences incurred by the faid Corporation from time to time in carrying this Aft into Execution) ; and in cafe fuch anuual Payment (hall not be duly made by the faid Pilots refpeftively, it flail be lawful for the faid Corporation to fufpend the Perfons fo making Default from afting as Pilots, until due Payment (hall he cade of fuch annual Sums.

V. And be it further enafted, That no Perfon (hall be licenfed by the tad Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond, as a Pilot for the Rivers of Thames or Medway, or the Channels leading thereto •r therefrom, under the Provifions of this Aft, who (hall not have 11	*	ferved



Google

Rate* demanded

by Pilots.

Pilots to pay annually Three Guineas to Corporation of Trinity Houfo.

5 G. 3.C.S*

Penalty,

No Perfon, licenfed as a Pilot by Trinity Houfe, except as hereift

A-D.il

fpecified, nor take charge of a Ship drawing more than 14 feet Water.

Penalty.

No Cinque Port Pilot (hall take charge of Ship till he has been admitted.

Penalty.

Pilots of lower Clafs allowed after certain Period of Service to take charge of Ships of greater Draught than heretofore in Abfence of Pilots of higher

fV*

C.39.	5	20	GEO.	III.

ferved as Mate for Three Years on board a fquare rigged Vefle (hall not have been in the a&ual Command of a fquare rigged V for One Year, or who fhall not have been employed in the Pilot 1 vice of the Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond for a Years, or who fhall not have ferved an Apprenticefliip of Five t to fome Pilot Veffel licenfed under this Ad; and that no Pc (hall be fo licenfed, or be allowed until after Three Years Lto and Service, to take charge as a Pilot of any Ship or Veffel drat more than Fourteen Feet Water, in the Rivers Thames or Md\ or any of the Channels thereof, until fuch Perfon fhall have 1 licenfed, and fhall have a&ed as a Pilot for Three Years under Is Authority, on Pain of forfeiting Ten Pounds for every fuch Gfe ms well by the Perfon ading as fuch Pilot, as alfo by the Mjfe Commander, or other Perfon having charge of fuch Ship or V< who fhall permit any fuch Perfon to, take charge as a Pilot of fame, contrary to the Provifion aforefaid.

VI. And be it further enaded, That no Perfon fhall, from after the palling of this Ait, take Charge of any Ship or Veffd a Pilot belonging to the Society or Fellowfhip of Pilots of Dt Deal and the Ijle of Thauel, commonly called Cirque Port Pi before he fhall be examined by the Mailer and Two Warded by Four Wardens of the faid Society or Fellowfhip for the 1 being, touching his Abilities, and fhall be approved and admitted the Society or Fellowfhip of the Trinity Houfe of Dover, Deal the Ijle of Tbanet, by the Lord Warden ot the Cinque Ports Conflable of Dover Caftle for the time being, or his Lieutenant the time being 5 and if any Perfon fhall prefume to ad as a I belonging to the faid Society or Fellowfhip, without liaviug bee examined, approved and admitted as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon i for the Firit Offence forfeit Ten Pounds; for the Second, Twr Pounds; atid for every other Offence, Forty Pounds.

VIL And be it further enaded, That no Perfon belonging Pilot to the Society or Fellowfhip of Pilots of Dover, Deal and Ijle of Tbanet, commonly called Cinque Port Pilots, (hall, front after the palling of this Ad, be allowed to take Charge as a Pits any Ship or Veffel drawing more than Eleven Feet Six Inches Wa until he fhall have been licenfed and aded as a Pilot for Three Yi or of any Ship or Veffel drawing more than Fourteen Feet Wi until he fhall have been licenfed and aded as a Pilot for Two Y more, making Five Years in the Whole, or of any Ship or Vj drawing more than Seventeen Feet Water, until he fhall havel licenfed and aded as a Pilot Two Years more, making Seven Y in the Whole 5 and at the Expiration of fuch Period of Seven Y< fuch Pilot fhall be again examined as to his Fitnefs and Compete] and if he (hall be approved of in fuch Examination and licenfed* ( be authorized and allowed and entitled to take Charge of any Sj or Veffels of any Draft of Water; Provided always, that in cafi the Abfence of Pilots who have been licenfed and have aded ft i for the Terms of Three Years and upwards, Five Years and upw* and Seven Years and upwards refpedively, the Pilots in tbek» Claffes may take Charge of Ships drawing more Water than he* before fpecified for their refpedive Years of Service, and (hall an fuch Cafe be liable to any Penalties for fo doing ; nor fhall thf pf the Ships who may take any fuch Pilpt on board in the Abb



D. 1812.

205

5 20 GEO. til.

C.3?.

he Pilots of the upper ClafTes, nor the Owners of fuch Ships, be verable for any Lofs or Damage, nor fhall any Owner or Owners Ship or VefTel, or Ccmfignce of Goods, be prevented from overing any Lofs or Damage upon any Contia& of Infurance of r fame, or upon any other Conti a& relating to any fuch Ship or tficly or any Cargo on board the fame, by reafon of fuch Pilots 107 fo employed in their Ship*; in the Abfence of the others: Pro-frays, that in any fuch Cafe the proper Flag (hall be kept png, within the Limits and Distances hereinafter mentioned, and for t Period of One Hour after the Veffel fhall have been at Anchor, is in this A<£t provided for Cinque Port Pilots coming on board of I within fuch Limits ; and the Matter or Perfon commanding y Inch Ship or Veffel (hall be fubje& to the Penalties and For-Inres by this A61 impofed for ncgle&ing to keep a Pilot Signal bg accordingly, although he fhall have agreed to take any luch bt of a lower Clafs, in cafe of no other Pilot coming on lx>ard 5 ■ any Pilot having fuch Licence as fliall qualify him to take Change Sty fuch Ship or VcfTel on board of which any fuch Pilot ot a Clafs fhall fo be, fhall be entitled within fuch Time, Limits I Diftance as aforefaid, to fuperfede fuch Pilot of a lower Clafs. ail. And be it further ena&ed, That the Matter, and fuch ardens of the faid Society or Fellowfhip of Pilots of the Trinity Ife of Dover, Deal and the IJle ofThanet, as fhall be appointed 1 time to time to examine into the Skill and Ability of any Perfon bis being firtt admitted as a Pilot into the faid Society or Fellow-p, or after he fhall have been ficenfed and ferved for Seven Years, take the Oath marked (C.) in the Schedule hereunto annexed, be admiuiftered unto him by the Regifter of the Court of Load-nage, who is hereby authorized to adminitter fuch Oath.

'X. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the patting of • A A, the refpeftive Rates or Prices hereinafter enumerated in the ble marked ( B.) in the vSchednle to this A& annexed, may be law-y demanded and received by any Pilot licenfed by the Lord Warden Cinque Ports and Conftableof Dover Cattle for the time being, r'his Lieutenant for the time being, for the coudu&ing of any Ship Veffel from Place to Place, as exprefled in the faid Table; and no greater Rates or Prices, or other Reward or Emolument,

, under any Pretence whatever, be received, than fuch Rates or

Provifo.

Trinity Houles of Dover, &c. appointed to examine Pilots.

Oath.

Rates demanded by fuch licenfed Pilots.

X. And be it further cna&ed, That a proper and fufiicient Number Vilocs of the Cinque Ports, not lefs than Eighteen at any one time, ii SuccefSon, from time to time, without Intermiffion or any .iFary Delay, fhall, at all fcafonable times, by Day and Night, ply at Sea, or be afloat, between the South Foreland and igecefs, to take Charge of Ships and Veflels coming from the “ward; and proper Signals fhall be eftablifhed, to be made at and Signal Houfes now erefted, or which may be ere&ed on corn-ling Situations near to Dover, to give Notice of Fleets of Veflels mg from the Weftward ; and upon the making of any Signals, ig Notice of the Approach of any Fleet from the Weftward, all ue Port Pilots not on Duty at the time fhall, according to fuch 3 and Regulations, as to Number, Rotation or dtherwife, as have or fhall be made in that Behalf, forthwith prepare to go afloat, and w ^«w^WIl iIMIC i.w ^ with fuch Ships and Veflels, on

pain

vjOOQIC

A fufficient Number of Cinque Port Pilots to ply; upon making Signals of Fleets from Weftward, Pilots to prepare to go off.

20 6

C-3 9-

52* GEO. III.

A.D.il

Penilty.

Mailers of Ships from Weftward not having Cinque Port Pilot, to difplay Signal for one, and facilitate his

^’cgledh&c.

pain of forfeiting, in cafe of Negleft herein, for the firft 01 the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for the fecond the Offender fh fufpended from a&ing as a Pilot for Twelve Months, and for the Offence (hall forfeit his Licence to ad as ftich Pilot, and (hall b4 dered thereby incapable of acting thereafter as a Pilot*

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Mafler or other ? having the Command of any Ship or Veffel coming from the ward, and bound to any Place in the Rivers of Thames or Ma not having a duly qualified Cinque Port Pilot on board, fhall, c Arrival of fuch Ship or Veffel off Duugenefs, and until (he fhall paffed the Buoy of the Brake, or a Line to be drawn from So* getting on board. Caftle to the laid Buoy, (unlefs in the mean time (he fhall h;

ceived a proper Cinque Port Pilot on hoard) difplay and keep the ufual Signal for a Pilot to come on Board; and if any qualified Cinque Port Pilot fhall be within hail, or approaching within Half a Mile, with the proper diflinguifhing Flag or flying in his Veflel or Boat, the Mafler or other Perfon havic^ Command of fuch Ship or Veffel fhall, by heaving to in proper or fiiortening fail, or by all practicable means confiflently wit! Safety of the Ship or Veffel, facilitate fuch Pilot getting on I and fhall give the Charge of piloting his Ship or Veflel to luch G Port Pilot; and every Perfon commanding any fuch Ship or \ who fhall not difplay and keep flying the ufual Signal for a Pi come on board, from the time fuch Ship or Veffel fhall have a off Dungenefsy and until the Veffel fhall have paffed the Buoy q Brake in a Line to be drawn from Sandown Caflle to the faid (unlefs in the mean time a duly qualified Pilot fhall have coi board) or who fhall decline to take any fuch Cinque Port Pik board, or to give fuch Charge of his Ship or Veffel to fuch Pik who fhall not heave to, fhorten fail or otnerwife facilitate fuch coming on hoard as aforefaid, cor.fillently with the Safety of the or Veffel, fhall forfeit and pay double the Amount of the Sum would have been demanded for the Pilotage of fuch Ship or and fhall forfeit the further Sum of Five Pounds for every Fifty Burthen of fuch Ship or Veffel: Provided always, that fuch addil Penalty of Five Pounds for every Fifty Tons, fhall not in any cate fued for or recovered, unlefs the Corporation of the Trinity Hoi as to all cafes in which Pilots licenfeu by or under the faid Corpc tion fhall be concerned, or unlefs the faid Lord Warden for thet; being, or his Lieutenant for the time being, fhall licenfe and authoi by written Certificate the Proceeding for fuch additional Penalty, to all Caufes in which Pilots by or under the faid Lord Wardeu II be concerned : Provided always, that if any Ship or Veffel bounc Cinque Port Pi- the Rivers Thames or Medway fhall anchor any where in the Doi ots may repair between the South Foreland, and a Line drawn from Sandown Cz anchor, within* anc* l^e South Buoy of the Brake, having any licenfcd Pilot ot certainDilUnces than a Cinque Port Pilot on board, it fhall be lawful for a Qm Port Pilot to repair on board the fame, at any time before fuch S or Veffel fhall have been at an Anchor One Hour with the Signal a Pilot flying, and to take Charge of her up the faid Rivers, but otherwife.

• XII. And whereas great Convenience to Trade will arife by j • ting an End to the Ufage of Cinque Port Pilots quitting Ship . Veffels at Crave/tnd, or elfewhere in the Thames or Medway,

Penalty.

Provifo.

Pr^vifo.



Google

AJD.lSl*.

520 GEO. III.	C 39.	207

4 their DifcretionBe it therefore enaded, That, from and after Cinque Port the palling of thi* Ad, if any Cinque Port Pilot, taking Charge p‘l<** quitting «f any Ship or Veffel into the Thames or Medway, (hall quit fuch Ship* before^ Ship or Veffel at Gravefend, or in any other Part of the Thames, or Content ot * in any Part of the Medway, before fuch Ship or Veffel lhall have Matter, arrived at the Race to which fuch Ship or Veffel is bound in the faid Riven Thames or Medway refpe&ively, without the Confent of the Captain or other Perfon having the Command thereof, unlefs fome other duly qualified Pilot lhall with fuch Confent come on board, and lhall take the Charge and Condud of fuch Ship or Veffel for the Refidue of the Pilotage to be performed, every fuch Pilot lhall forfeit Penalty, ibr every fuch Offence, all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for having conduded or piloted fuch Ship or Vcflld into the Risers Thames or Medway, and lhall alfo be fubjed to fuch other Penalty or Punifhment as, by virtue of any of the Provifions of thia Ad, or of the Rules and Regulations to be eftablilhed in purfuance hereof, any Pilot lhall be liable to for quitting a Ship or Veffel before (he (hall arrive at her Place of Deftiuation.

* XIII. And whereas the Pilots of the Cinque Ports are divided 4 into Two Claffes, called the Upper and Lower Book Pilots : And

•	whereas the permitting Cinque Port Pilots of the Lower Book to

•	take Charge of Ships which heretofore would only be taken by Pilots

•	of the Upper Book, will diminilh the Profits of the Upper Book 1 Pilots, and increafe the Profits of the Lower Book Pilots j and it is

•	therefore reafonable that Compensation fhould be made by the Lower

•	Book Pilots to the Perfons who are at this time Upper Book Pilots

Be it therefore ena&ed, That it lhall be lawful for the Court of Load- Court of Load-manage from time to time to fettle the Amount of the Dedudions to manaSe to fettle be made from the Rates received by Lower Book Pilots for taking u^e^Book”t# Charge of Veffels of greater Draft of Water than they could hereto- pjjots hy the fore by Law take, and in what Proportions, and how and in what Lower Book manner, and to whom the fame are to \)e paid, and how the fame fhall Pilots, be applied in making Compenfation to theprefent Upper Book Pilots for the Loffes they may fuftain by fuch Lower Book Pilots taking Charge of fuch Veffels as aforefaid ; provided that fuch Dedudions fo to be fixed a6 aforefaid, fhall from time to time be diminifhed and decreafed as the prefent Sixty four Upper Book Pilots fhall die, be fuperannoated, or difeontinue to ad as Pilots; and that fuch Deductions (ball be taken and accepted in lieu of all other Allowances or Contributions whatsoever from the faid Lower Book Pilots, except Trinity Money, Clerks Fees, and for Widows.

XIV. And be it further enaded, That all Perfons licenfed to ad Rules to be is Cinque Port Pilots fhall from time to time, and at all times here- padeSfCm<lue after, be fubjed to the Regulation and Government of the Lord ort P ot8‘ Warden of the Cinque Ports and Conftable of Dover Caftle for the time being ; and the Mafter and Wardens of the faid Society or Fel-Jowihip of Pilots of Dover Caftle and the IJle ofThanet, and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, Conftable of Dover Caftle for the time bring, his Lieutenant for the time being, and the Deputy Lieutenant for vie time being, or either of them, with the Affent of the Commif-booer? of Loadmanage or the major Part of them prefent at an Aifombly commonly called a Court of Loadmanage, 10 be held by the hid Lord Warden or his Deputy, fhall, within Four Calendar Months after the paffing of this Ad, proceed to make and (hall make

fufficient



A.D.i

Bye-Laws.

Privy Council.

Decifion of Privy Council, final.

C.39.	52° GEO. III.

fufficient Rules and Orders for enforcing the due Obfervance c Provifions of this Ad by all Cinque Port Pilots, and for pnoi for the good Government, conftant Attendance, and Regulation fuch Pilots, as well relating to the Services of the faid Pilots in off to and taking Charge of and conduding and navigating Majesty's Ships and Veflels, and the Ships and Veffdsin His Maj Employ, and alfo all Ships and Veflels whatever and wherd within the proper and ufual Limits of fuch Pilots, or wherein (hall for the time being a£l or be, and for effedually fecuring the formance of all the Duties and Services of fuch Pilots at all t and from time to time to annul, alter or amend all and every of or of any exifting Rules or Orders, or Bye-Laws, and to make other Bye-Laws, Rules and Regulations, as they fhall deem fi proper ; and all fuch R ules and Regulations hereafter to be made before the fame are allowed to take Effcft or become binding o Perfon or Perfons whatever, be forthwith printed and traufmitt the Cuftom Houfe in London, and there hung up in fomc confpn Place in the Long Room of the laid Cuftoms; and Notices ftu publifhed in the Gaxelte, and alfo put up at the Cuftom Houfes w the Cinque Ports, of fuch Bye-Laws, Rules and Regulations, o Alterations thereof for Infpedion, for One Calendar Month, in < that any Perfons interefted therein, whether as Owners or Made Ships, or Pilots or otherwife, may tranfmit to the Lord Wird the Cinque Ports or his Lieutenant, any Objections which they have thereto, for the Purpofe of the fame being altered orconfin and if no Objedion to the Rules and Regulations fo made or al fhall be propofed by or on the Behalf of any Perfon or Perfons w the Space of Thirty Days after the Notices fhall have been give: made public in the manner hereinbefore provided, they fhall haw fame Force and Effed, to all Intents and Purpofes, as all other 1 and Regulations for the Governance of Pilots within the Jurifdi of the Cinque Ports have 5 but if an Objedion fhall be made, t< Lord Warden or his Lieutenant, by or on Behalf of any Perfi Perfons, to any Rule or Regulation, or to any Alteration in any or Regulation, of which Notice fhall be given as aforefaid, w Thirty Days after the Publication thereof, then and in fuch cat Operation thereof fhall be fufpended until Reference fhall be ha His Majesty's Mod Honourable Privy Council, who are hereb] thorized and empowered to hear, as well any Perfon 4who fha deputed by the Court of Loadmanage, as by the Perfon or Pe objecting, and finally to decide as to the confirming, alterin rejeding fuch Rules or Regulations, which Decifion of the I Council fhall be final and be binding on all Parties ; and Copies th« fhall be delivered to every Member of the faid Society, and alfo to e new Member of the faid Society on his Eledion ; and a Copy or trad thereof fhall be at all times in the PofTeflion of every Pilot bd ing to the Cinque Ports, as well thofe already admitted and licenfe all others hereafter to be licenfed as fuch Pilots ; and it fhall be la in fuch Rules and Regulations to eftablifh Rates of Payment 01 fuch Surplus Earnings of the Lower Book Pilots, as may arife i their being allowed to take the higher ClafTes of Ships in the AM of Pilots of the Upper Book, under the Provifions of this Ad, for better Support and Maintenance of the Upper Book Pilots, and Penalties and Forfeitures for the enforcing fuch Rules and Reg

t

v^.ooQle

jU).i8i2.

5 2° GEO. III.	C.39.	109

lions, and better ordering of the faid Pilots, and for fufpending or depriving any of the faid Pilots of their Licences for breaking luch Rules or Orders, or omitting to do any thing required by the fame to be done, or for afting in any wife contrary to fuch Rules or Orders.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if fuch Rules Sueh Rules rot and Regulations in relation to Cinque Port Pilots (hall not be made dulv m'4£,e ard and tranfiuittcd as aforefaid within Four Calendar Months after the pafTtn^ of tbit Aft, or if fuch Rules and Regulations, when made and council Vo order traiifmrtted, (hall appear to be in any material Point erroneous, infuf- pioperRuleno bekut or defective, it (hall be lawful for any Owner of Ships, or other be drawn up and Pcifxa interetled in the Matter of fuch Rules or Regulations, to apply diftributed. to Hit Majefiy’s Muft Honourable Privy Council, who (hall thereupon caufe proper and fufHcient Rules and Regulations to be drawn up for the Purpoles aforefaid, in cafe no fuch Rules and Regulations (hall hare been made and tranfmitted as aforefaid, or (hall amend, correct or enlarge any fuch Rules and Regulations as (hall have been made and traofmitted; which Rules and Regulations fo made or fo amended, colleded and enlarged, (hall be diftributed, publifhed and made ufe of, ia fuch manner as His Majesty’s faid Privy Council (hall in that Behalf appoint and direft; and the fame (hall take Effeft from fuch time as in the (aid Rules or Regulations (hall be exprefled in regard to the Commencement thereof.

4 XVI. And whereas, under the Provifions of an Aft pa(Ted in the 3 G.x. e.ij*

4 Third Year of His late Majesty King George the Firft, the Number § 5*

1 of Pilots of the Cinque Ports was to be One hundred and twenty at 4 the lead, and it has been found by Experience that the faid Number 4 u inadequate to the increafed Trade and Navigation of this King-4 dom ; and by an Aft: palled in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign 48 0.3.C. 104.

4 of Hisprefeot Majesty, the Number of fuch Pilots were increafed to S l5*

One hundred and forty;’ Be it therefore enafted, That Twenty Cinqrc Port Pilots more (hall be added whenever fuch further Ad- Number of torn (hall be direfted to be made by an Order of His Majesty’s Cmque Port Privy Council, upon Application made to His Majesty in Council for	incr**f«h

that Purpofe by the Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Stroud; and that a further Addition of Twenty Cinque Port Pilots (hall be made to the Number above mentioned, increafing the whole Number to One hundred and eighty, by the like Authority, whenever fuch laft mentioned Addition (hall be applied for, by the Corporation cf the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strand, to His Majesty in Council. Increafed Num*

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That whenever the increafed berkeptup. Numbers of the faid Pilot3 (hall refpeftively take place as hereinbefore provided, the Numbers fo increafed (hall from thenceforth be kept up from time to time by the Appointment of Pilots in Succefiion as often as mj Vacancy or Vacancies (hall happen by Death, Incapacity or After Defini-DiinuEon; provided, that after the Conclufion of a Definitive Treaty tive Treaty of of Peace with France, no Vacancy (hall be filled up as aforefaid, with- Peace with otttafpecial Permiffion in that Behalf given by His Majesty’s Privy Council, upon the Recommendation of the faid Corporation of Trinity Permiffionof * Houle, unlefg the N umber of Pilots (hall at any time, by Death or privy Council, ttherwife, be reduced below One hundred and forty, in which cafe tbc Vacancies (hall be filled up from thenceforth from time to tinpe fo * wt to exceed One hundred and forty in the whole.

1 XVIII. And whereas certain Harbours near The Downs have ' krone much frequented as Places of Safety, and Ships and Veffels 51Gio.HL	P	« lying



Google

a;o

c.39.

5-2° GEO. IIL

A.D.18U

Pilots to qualify themfclvcs to coiviulbatMlluiU conduct Ships into and out of Bomfgate, &c.

‘ lying in or failing through The Downs are oftentimes compel

*	to run for thofe Harbours, aud it is therefore neceffary to flj

*	Provifion for the Pilotage of fuch Harbours ;* Be it therefore a&ed, That all Pilots whofe Licences or Warrants (hall authei them to pilot Ships or Veflcls from any Place to the Wcftward, Of London Bridge, (hall qualify themfclves, and (hall be examined ■ their Qualification and Ability to conduct any Ship or Veffid i and out of Ramfgate Harbour, and the Harbours of Z)cw, Sand* and Margate, and (hall be obliged to pilot any Ships or VefleJsl and out of the faid Harbours ; and if any fuch Pilot (hall refofc

Penalty.

take charge of or conduct any Ship or Veffel into or out of a^

Rites for fuch Pilot jge.

Pilotage demanded as fo<n as Ship moored.

Trinity Houfe of Deptford llull appoint Kul) Commifti oners of Pilotage to eiamine Pe rfons to id at Pilots.

the faid Harbours, fuch Pilot (hall forfeit all Pay and which he might otherwife be entitled for the Pilotage of any Ship or VefTel, and (hall be fubjed to fuch Fine or other Puuidi as (hall be eftablifhed in that Behalf by the Rules and Regulation! the Corporation or Society to which fuch Pilot (hall belong.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enatied. That f» licenfed Pilot who (hall take Charge of and condud any Ship or^fc into or out of Ramfgate Harbour, or into or out of Dover, Samdb or Margate, (hall be entiilcd to and (hall receive for fuch Pilots and after the Rate of Five Shillings for every Foot of the Draa of Water of the Ship or Veflel fo piloted and conduced by him i or out of any fuch Harbour, if Inch Ship or Veflel (hall have I piloted and conduced into or out of the fame in moderate Wt but if under any Circumllances of Diftrefs, then fuch Pilot (half entitled to fuch further Sura of Money, to be calculated according tiie Extent and Circumllances of fuch Diftrefs, as the Commir of Salvage, eftablifhed under the Lord Warden of the Cinque (hall, upon Application either of the Pilot, or Owner or Matter of! fuch Ship or Veflel, upon enquiring into all fuch circum(lances, dko and fuch Commiflioners (hall, and they 3re hereby required, upon*; fuch Application made, to enquire into all fuch circnmftauces. Ml determine the Amount of tire Sum f) to be^ paid for the Pilotage any fuch Ship or Veflel into the faid Harbours refpedively : Prori always, that on the Arrival of any Ship or Veflel, and as foon (hall be moored in any of the faid Harbours, it (hall be lawful for Pilot to demand the Pilotage due to him as aforefaid, and to quiti Ship njrtlnvith.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond, and they are h by required to appoint from time to time (as often and for ft Periods as they in their Difcretion (hall think fit) proper and c tent Perfons at fuch Ports or Places in England as they may requifite (except within the Liberty of the Cinque Ports, and all other Po.ts and Places within or for which Provifion (hall have fei made by any Ail or Ads of Parliament, or by any Charter Charters for the Appointment of Pilots), not to exceed Five noe“ than three Perfons at each Port or Place for which any fuch Ap ment (hall be made, which Perfons fo to be appointed (hall be Sub Cominiflioriers of Pilotage, and (hall take the Oath in theScM hereunto annexed, marked (D.) for the faithful Difcharge of Duty ; and fuch Perfons fo to be appointed (hall and they are hi authorized (fo long as their refpedive Appointments (haU not he yoked or fuperfeded* by the Appointment of other Perfons in tfail

Phcesf



Google

211

A.D. *8n.	$2# GEO. III. C.39.

Places) to examine into the Qualification of Perfons to act as Pilots

for fuch refpeftive Ports and Places, and the adjoining Coafls, fpeci-

fiedin their refpeftive Appointments as aforefaid ; and it (hall be lawful On Certificate

for the faid Corporation, upon their receiving a fatisfaftory Certificate, of being qua-

onder the Hands of any Three of the Perfons fo to be appointed,	2rant

where the whole Number of any Port or Place {hall confitl of Four or lccnccs*

Fite, md by any Two where the whole Number (hall confift of Three, that the Perfon examined as aforefaid is duly qualified to aft for fuch Port or Ports, and the adjoining Coafls, to give a Licence to fuch Prrfon to aft as a Pilot within the particular .Limits (describing the ferae) for which he (hall have pafied fuch Examination; which Licence (hall be granted in the Firft Inflance for One Year, and fhall afterwards, from Year to Year, be fubjeft to Renewal and Confirmation, or otherwife, at the Difcretion of the faid Coiporation of Trinity Houfe: Provided always, that fuch Sub Commifiioners as have been Sub Commif-already appointed under the Authority of the faid Aft of the Forty f»->ners already eighth Year of His prefent Majesty, fhall continue to aft in the fame aPP°*uted t0 Banner as if they were appointed under this Aft.	continue.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it farther enafted, That it fhall be Trinity Houfes

lawful for the Corporation of the Trinity Houfe of the Ports of Hull of Hull and and NewcaJIle refpeftively, to appoint Sub Commiffioners of Pilotage Newcaille may to examine Pilots and give Licences for Pilots for piloting Ships and aPPn,nt*b»»b Veffels into or out of any Ports, Harbours or Places, within the	umer,•

Limits of their refpeftive Jurifdiftions ; any thing in this or any Aft

or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing Ships brought

is this Aft contained (hall be conflrued to prevent any Ship or Veflel inr° P°rt by which fhall be brought into any Port or Ports in England by any lM	*

Pilot duly licenfed, from being afterwards removed in fuch Port or

Ports by the Mafler or Mate, or other Perfon belonging to any fuch certainPurpofei.

Ship or Veflel, and having the Command thereof, or if in Ballad, by

any other Perfon or Perfons appointed by any Owner, or the Mailer,

or any Agent of the Owner, for the Pnrpofe of entering into or going

out of any Dock, or for changing the Moorings of fuch Ship or

Veflel.

XXIII. And be it further enafted, That when and as foon as the (aid Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond fhall have Hcenfed Pilots for any particular Port or Ports, and the refpeftive Coafts near the fame as aforefaid, they (hall caufe Notice of fuch Appointment to be publifhed, by fixing up fuch Notice in Writing at the Trinity Houfe, and at the Cuflom Houfe in London, and alfo at the lefpeftrre Cuflom Houfes of the Ports for which, and the Coafls near the fame, fuch Appointment fhall be made; and ihall alfo, afterwards, caufe fach Notice to be publifhed in the London Gazette, and in One or more Newfpapers circulated in that Part of the Country where the Ports (hall refpeftively be fituated, which Publication in the London Gazette (hall be good and firfficrent Evidence of the Notice having lew given ; and from and after a time or times to be limited in the fod Notices, which fhall not in any cafe, or in relation to any Ships •r Veflels whatever, be lefs than Six Weeks from the Publication thereof a* aforefaid, and (hall be proportionably more, at the Difcre-fiorioT die find Corporation, in relation to Ships and Veffels engaged k Foreign Voyage* at the time of fuch Publication, all Ships and uufiag, navigating or paffing into or oat of the faid refpeftive P 2	Port*,



Notice of Appointment of Pilots fixed up at Trinity Houfe, 5tc. after which no other Pilot (hall a£t.

A.D.181Z.

C.39.

J 2* GEO.m.

pilots fufpended or de| rived of Licence, att'ng.

Penalty.

Pilots fo fuf-pended, tec.

Appeal

Owners or Maf-

ters of Ships m t aniwera le for Lofs, nor C011-lignees prevented Irom recovering lnlurance, lor want of Pilots, It.

Owners not

liable f< r more than Value of Ship and Freight.

Provifo for Ships of Hi*

A1 <tj; Ity ; snu lor Velftls net exceeding 6c Tons.

Owner* not liable for l.ofs ax.iing from In*

Ports, or upon the Coafls thereof, (hall be conduced and piloted by fuch Pilots only as (hall be fo licenfed as aforefaid, and by no other Pilots whomfoever.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon fufpended, or adjudged to have forfeited his Licence as a Pilot, (hall, during the Time of fuch Sufpei.fion, or after fuch Adjudication, take upon him-felf to conduct any Ship or Veffel, except in cafes of Diftrtfs, and io cafes where no licenfed Pilots can be found, fuch Perfon (hall be liable to all fuch Penalties, to be recovered and applied in like Manner and Form as are provided by this Adi againfl. any Perfon who (hall con-dudl or pilot any Ship or VefTel without ever having been licenfed as a Pilot.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enadled. That every Pilot who (hall be fufpended, or adjudged to have forfeited hit Licence, and every Perfon who, having complained of any fuch Pilot, fliall be diffatisfied with ..he Adjudication made upon the Matter of fuch Complaint by the Corporation, Society or Perfons who (hall have Cognizance of fuch Complaint, may appeal to His Majefly’s Privy Council, who (hall thereupon hear the Appeal, and confirm or annul any former Determination or Adjudication in the Premifes, or at their Difcretion make any particular and fpecial Order relating thereto, and to the Matter of fuch Appeal, as the cafe may require.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no Owner or Mafter of. any Ship or VefTel (hall be anfwerable for any Lofs or Datnage, nor (hall any Owner or Owners of any Ship or VefTel, or Coniignee of Goods, be prevented from recovering any Lofs or Damage upon any Contract of Infurance of the fame, or upon any other Contrail relating to any Ship or VefTel, or any Cargo on board the fame, by reafon of no Pilot being on board of any fuch Ship or VefTel, unlefs it (hall be proved that the Want of a Pilot fhall have arifen from any Refufal to take a Pilot on board, or from the wilful Negle6t of the Mailer of the Ship or VefTel, in not heaving to or ufing all practicable means confiflently with the Safety of the Veffel, for the Purpofe of taking on board any Pilot who fhall be ready and offer to take Charge of fuch Ship or Veffel.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no Owner of ary fuch Ship or VefR.1 fhall be liable, in any fuch cafe, for any Lofs or Damage beyond the Value of fuch Ship or Veffel and her Appurtenances, and the Freight due or to grow due for and during fuch Voyage wherein fuch Lofs or Damage may happen or arife.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, fhall extend or be conflrued to extend to auy Ships or Vefleib belonging to His Majefly, his Heirs and Succeffors, as to their being compelled to take Pilots on board.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That none cf the Claufes, Provifoes, Penalties or Regulations of this A£t, (hall extend, or be conflrued to extend, to any Veffel not exceeding the Burthen of Sixty Tons, having BrUtfh Regiflers, nor to any Mafter or Owner of any inch Veffel in refped thereof, or of the navigating of the fame in any Channel, River, Port or Place whatever.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That no Owner or Mafter of any Ship or Veffel fhall be anfwerable for any Lofs or Damage, nor fhall any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vefiel, or

Confignee



52* GEO. III.

C.39.

Confignec of Goods, be prevented from recoverihg any Lofs or Damage upon any Contract of Infurance of the fame, or upon any other Contraft relating to any Ship or Veflel, or any Cargo on board the fame, for or by reafon or means of any Negleft, Default, Incom-peteucy or Incapacity of any Pilot taken on board of any fuch Ship er Veflel, under or in purfuance of any of the Provisions of this Aft.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That nothing in this Aft con-tuned (kail be conftrued to extend to deprive any Perfons of any Remedy, by Civil Aftion againft Pilots or other Perfons, which they to^ht have had if this Aft had not been parted.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the taking away, abridging, defeating, impeaching or interrupting of any Grants, Liberties, Fran*-fchifes or Privileges heretofore granted by any Charters or Afts of fttbament to the Pilots of the Trinity Houfe of the Town of Kingf-fm #pen Hull, or the Trinity Houfe of NewcaJIle upon Tyne, or to

any Authority to the Corporation of the Trinity Houfe of ford Strondy within any Ports or Diftrifts having feparate JuriL ms in Matters of Pilotage, under any Aft of Parliament or Charter; or to alter or repeal any Proviiions contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to the Pilots of any Ports or Diftrifts in (elation to which Provifions (hall have been made in any Aft or Afts if Pailnroent, as to Pilots or Pilotage, or the Pilotage within the Limits preferibed by any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to Pilotage for fuch Ports, or to the Burthen of Veffels navigating to #r from fuch Ports.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing h this Aft contained (hall extend to prevent or hinder the Mafter or Kate of any Ship or Veflel, or Owner or Part Owner, reliding at Devrr, Deal or the IJle of Thanety from condufting or piloting his Wrn Ship or Veffel up or down the Rivers Thames or Medwayy or fisto or out of any Port or Place within the Jurifdiftion of the Cinque fbrtj.

XXXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for any licenfed Pilot to fuperfede any Perfon not licenfed b a Pilot in the Charge of any Ship or Veflel within the Limits of lies Licence : And every Mafter of any Ship or Veffel who (hall contone to aft himfelf as a Pilot, or who (hall continue any unlicenfed Perfon, or any licenfed Perfon afting out of the Limits for which he b qualified as a Pilot, after any Pilot licenfed to aft within the Limits b which fuch Ship or Veffel (hall then aftually be (hall have offered Intake Charge of the Ship or Veffel; and every Perfon affuming or •totalling in the Charge or Conduft of any Ship or Veffel without ibdag duly licenfed to a6t within the Limits in which fuch Ship or VefcHhall aftually be, after any Pilot duly licenfid and qualified to •ft in the Premifes (hall have offered to take charge of fuch Ship or

(hall refpeftively forfeit for every fuch Offence a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor lefs than Twenty Pounds.

! XXXV. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the EjGnporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strondy and they are hereby authorized and required to eftablifti, vary and alter, from time to ^ tile as ctrcumftances (hall render the fame heceffary, regular Rates tipflotage in relation to all Pilotage performed in any River, Port ft Race, or upon any Coaft whatever, by any Pilot or Pilots who

P 3	Awll

vjOOQ 1C

2(3

competency of Pilots, Sec.

Remedy by .Civil Adieu.

Provifo for DiHrids having feparate Jurisdiction ;

and for Mafleri, fee. refiding at Dover, Sec. piloting their own Ships.

Licenfed Pilots may fupeti'edc unlicenfed ones, Matters continu. inr unlicenfed Pilots, &c.

Penalty.

Trinity Houfe of Deptford to eftablitti Rates of Pilotage, which fhall be hung up at Cuf-tona Houfes.

A.D.i*t2.

Majority of Pilots or Owners of Ships, dif-fatisfied with the Rates. Appeal.

Trinity Houfe may make Bye-L.iws, and annex Penalties to breach of them.

Bye-Laws to be

£m£tHned by Chief Jullice of K.B.OX C.P.

C.39.	5 2° GEO. III.

fhall be licenfed by the faid Corporation, upon their receiving Certificates of Examination from any Sub Cornmifiioners of Pilotage hereby directed to be appointed 5 which Rates (hall be regulated by and proportioned as well to the Size and Draught of Water of the VefTels, as to the Diftance piloted, the Detention and Refponfibdity of the Pilot, and fuch other circumitances as the faid Corporation may think tit to take into Confideration in fixing aud eftablifhipg fuch Rates ; of which Eftablifhment or Alterations of Rates of Pilotage, Notice fhall be given by hanging up printed 'rabies thereof, corrected from time to time as Variations therein (hall be made, at the feveral Cufiom Houfes at the Ports to which the laid Rates fhall apply.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if the major Part in Number of the Pilots who fhall be licenfed by the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Dcptjcrd Strond, for any particular Port or Place, in confequence of their receiving Certificates of Examinations as aforefaid, fhall be difiatkfied with the Rates fo eitablifhed or altered, or in cafe any Owners of Ships or VefTels, interefted in any fuch Rates, fhall be diflatisiicd with fuch refpe&ive Rates, it fhall be lawful for fucli Parties refpe&ively to appeal to the Lords of His Majesty’s Moft Honourable Privy Council; and it fhall be lawful for any Committee of fuch Privy Council, calling to their Aififtance any fuch Pcrfons as they may think fit, to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Appeal or Appeals, and to fettle, alter and regulate fuch Rates as to them fhall appear to be expedient, in cafe the Matter of fuch Appeal fhall in the Difcretiou of the faid Committee of Privy Council appear to require the making any Orders therein.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That all Perfons licenfed to ad as Pilots, or in Pilot VefTels, by the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe, by virtue of this Ad, fhall from time to time and at all times hereafter be fubjed to the Regulation and Government of the Matter, Wardens and Afiiftants of the faid Corporation, who are hereby authorized and empowered, as well for iniuring the good Condud and conflant Attendance of fuch Pilots upon their Duty, as for enforcing the general Purpofes of this Ad, from time to time to make and frame all fuch Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinance*, as they fhall think fit, therein fpecifyiug and direding alfo what annual or other Sums fhall be paid by any fuch Pilots to the Sub Commiflioners of Pilotage, for the Examination of fuch Pilots, and for granting and renewing or confirming their Licences from time to time ; aud it fhall be lawful for the faid Mailer, Wardens and Afiiftants of the faid Corporation refpedively, to annex fuch reafonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of fuch Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Ordinances, when made, as to them fhall feem expedient in that Behalf, and from time to time to annul, alter and amend, all or any of the exifting Bye Law's, and to make fuch other and new Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Ordinances, as they fhall think proper, fo as fuch Bye-Laws, Rules, Regulations and Ordinances, be made conformably to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, and fhall not be repugnant to the Laws of this Realm : Provided always, that no Bye-Laws hereafter fhall have Force or Effect before they fhall have been examined, fan&ioned and approved by the Chief Juftioc of His Majestys Court of King’s Bench, or by the Chief Juft ice of His Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas, the San6tion and Approbation of either of which Chief Juftices fhall be verified under his Hand and Seal; a»4

all



D.1812,

520 GEO.IH.

C.39.	115

tad every foch Bye-Laws* Rules, Orders and Ordinances, when fo te and confirmed ms aforefaid, (hall be obferved and kept, and put Execution, and have the fame Force and EfFeft and Operation, to Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were refpcftivdy enafted by i Ad.

KXXVTII. And, in order that all fuch Bye-Laws, Rules and Re- Copies of pro-bkdoiB, may be previoufiy examined by the Parties interefted therein, p^d Bye-Laws it farther enafted, T hat Copies of all fuch propofed Bye-Laws, t”n^m^ted '? del and Regulations, (hall be tranfmitted to His Majesty’s Privy an^v^o|^^c_ atari, and to the Commiflioncrs of Cuitoms in London, Three f,oners of Cuf-fcarfar Mouths before the fame (hall be fubmitted to fuch Chief toms, fcaceas aforefaid ; and the CommilRoners of the Cuftoms are hereby Copieshung up. asrtd upon the Receipt of fuch Copies, to caufe the fame to be Med and hung up, as foon as the fame can be done, in the feveral ftan Houfes of the principal Ports in Great Britain, to be open to rMpeftion of all Perfons interefted therein at all feafonable times ;

I Notice (hall be given in the Gazette, of fuch Bye-Laws being fo Bjrup for Infpeftion as aforefaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enafted, That all Copies of fuch Bye- Copie* of Bye-mt. Rules, Orders and Ordinances, as (hall be fo made and con* Laws confiimed, ted as aforefaid, (hall be printed, and (hall be hung up in fome hung up. die or confpicuous Place in the feveral Cuftom Houfes of the *3 in England within the Limits for which the Pilots refpeftively

3	be licenfed 5 and alfo at the Trinity Houfe in London

£L. And be it further enafted, That every Perfon who (hall apply Perfons applying a Licence to aft as a Pilot by virtue of this Aft, (hall, before for Licenies 10 ' Licence (hall be grahted to him, execute a Bond in a penal Sum, execute Bond the Difcretion of the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Dept-	Oh-die nee19

4 Strand, or the Society or Fellowlhip of Pilots of Dover, Deal	w*

L the IJU of Tbanet, in an Amount not exceeding One hundred

tods, to be paid to the faid Corporation or Society, their SucceL iaod Affigns, with a Condition fubjoined thereto for better fecuring » due Obedience of fuch Pilot to the Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, filiations and Ordinances made in purftiance of the faid Aft, or •eb dull be made and framed purfuant to this Aft ; which Bond B be capable of being given in Evidence in any Court of Law or ■trt without being damped according to the Laws relating to * Stamp Duties : Provided always, that all Ikmds given by Pilots Irr any former Aft, (hall continue in force and be deemed to be (A under this Aft, ur.lefs new Bands (hall in any cafe be required the laid Corporation or Society rcfpectively, in which cafe new ads (hall be given.

XLL And be it further cnafted,That all Bye-Laws, Rules, Regu- Bye-Laws,** dsasaodOrders made under the faid recited Aft of the Forty eighth under former ttrafintiaid, and in force under the fame at the time of the palling t0 ftbtt Ad, (ball remain and continue in full Force until the fame (hail raatmUrdor allowed under this Aft, or other Bye-Laws, Rules and egthtMMs (ball be made under this Aft in lieu thereof 5 and fball Mod are hereby declared to be good and valid Bye-Laws, Rules (I Regulations and Orders, under this Aft, as fully as if they had kftnade ueder the Authority of the fame ; any thing hereinbefore tifc&r (aid recked Aft to the contrary notwithftandmg.

SUL And be it further enafted. That the Mafter or Perfon Marten of

any Ship or Veflel bound to the River Thames, and Veflels boundt*



which

A.D. itn

the Thames refusing to Stand-gate Creek to pay full Charges of Pilotage, &c.

Pilots quitting Ships at Stand-gate Creek before Arrival.

Penalty.

Pefcription of Pilot iodoifed • on Licence, &c.

Pilot* keeping Public Houfes, Sec. or offending againft the Revenue Law*,&c.

c.39.

52° GEO. III.

which (hall repair to Standgate Creel for the Performance of Qoai tine, (hall pay the full Charges of Pilotage up to Grave/end or Su 1 gate Creek or other Place appointed for the Performance of Quai tine ; ’and every Pilot conducting any fuch VefTel to Standgate Cil (hall be entitled to Eight Shillings per Diem, for the Days he (ball obliged to remain on Quarantine.	*1

XLIII. And be it further enafted, That if any Pilot taking Chad of any Ship or VefTel into the Rivers Thames or Medway, (hall« fuch Ship or Vefiel at Standgate Creek before fuch Ship or VeffeliH have arrived at the Place to which fuch Ship or VefTel is boo**# the Rivers Thames or Medway refpeftively, without the Conte**! the Captain or other Perfon having the Command thereof, nnlefs£| other duly qualified Pilot {hall come on board, and (hall take-Charge and Conduct of fuch Ship or VefTel for the Rebdue ofi Pilotage to be performed, every fuch Pilot (hall forfeit, for every! Offence, all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for fad conduced or piloted fuch Ship or Vefiel to Standgate Creek* (hall alfo be fubjeft to fuch other Penalty or Punifhment as by vi of any of the Provifions of this Aft, or of the Rules and RcgubtJ to be eflablifhcd in purfuance hereof, any Pilots (hall be liable to; quitting a Ship or Vefiel before (he (hall arrive at her Place of Defti tion.

XLIV. And be it further enabled, That a particular Defcriptia the Perfon of every Pilot fhall be written in or upon, or indorfed 00 Back of his Licence ; and every Captain or Mafier, or other PeS having the Command of a Ship or Vefiel, on receiving a Pilot on b (hall infpeft his Licence; and if he fhall have Reafon to think fuch Pilot is not the Perfou to whom the Licence was granted. Captain or Mafier, or other Perfon having the Command of fuch or Vefiel, is hereby required forthwith to tranfmit a Copy of i Licence to the Corporation or Perfon* by whom fuch Licence have been granted, Rating the Date thereof, together with fuck count and Defcription of the Perfon producing fuch Licencr Warrant, as may lead to the Difcovery of the Offender.

XLV. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the of this Aft, if any Pilot licenfed by virtue of this Aft, or ot duly licenfed, fhall keep or be concerned in keeping either by or any Agent or Servant or other Perfon, or fhall in any interefted m the keeping of any Public Houfe or Tavern, or of public Entertainment, or in the felling of any Wine or Spin! Liquors, or Tobacco or Tea, (unlefs fuch Pilot fhall have been concerned or intereiled in the fame before the Firil March One thoufand eight hundred and tight, and fhall be d thorized, by the Corporation or Authority under which fuch (hall aft, to continue in fuch Bulinefs or Employment) ; or if ^ Pilot licenfed as aforefaid fhall be convicted of any Offence againft tl Law or Laws relating to the Revenues of Cufloms or Exciie, or ft be concerned in or fhall wilfully connive at any indireft Practice*' Frauds againll the Revenues of Cufloms or Excife, or thall proett abet, connive at or participate in any Deilruftion, Spoil, Com! went. Fraud, Exaftion or corrupt Practice, relating to Ship* 1 Veflels, or Perfons in Diflrefs at Sea or by Shipwreck, or relating I the Tackle, Apparel or Furniture, or the Cargoes of fuch Ship*! Veflels, or relating to the Crew or Paffengers belonging thereto,*



Google

AJD.1812.

217

520 GEO. III.	C.39.

die Monies, Goods or Chattels of any of them, then and in every fuch cafe every Pilot (hall (over and above all other Punifhments, Punifoment. Mnl&s and Penalties, for fuch Offences) be difunded from being a Pilot, or foall be fufpended from ading as fuch, at the Difcrction of the Corportabn or other Authority from which fuch Pilot’s Licence was derived.

XLVJ And be it further enaded, That no Perfon fhall take Pilot aft'mg be-Chargr of any Veflel, or in any manner ad as a Pilot, or receive any fore or until Li* Cocpeniation for a&ing as a Pilot, unlefs he fhall be authorized there- cen*c re^iftered; to by fome lawful Licence, nor until fuch Licence fhall have been ^^Licence in* rrgiftered by the principal Officers of the Cuftom Houfe of the Place Cuftody,«cc. at or neared to which fuch Pilot fhall refide, (which Officers arc hereby required to regifter the fame without Fee or Reward), nor without having his Licence at the time of his fo acting in his Per-iosal Cuftody, ready to be produced, and which he (hall actually produce to the Mailer of any Ship or Veflel, or other Perfon who fhall be defirous of employing him as a Pilot; nor fhall any Perfon, although duly liccnied to ad as a Pilot, ad in that Capacity out of or beyond the Limits expreffed in his Licence, or beyond the Extent of bis Qualification therein exprefled, unlefs in the Cafes in this Ad fpeofied, of Pilots of a lower Clafs a .ing in the Abfence of Pilots of higher Clafles ; 011 Pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Thirty Penalty.

Pounds, nor I fs than Ten Pounds, for the Firft Offence, and for any Secoiid or fubfequent Offence, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor lefs than Thirty Pounds.

XLVil. And be it further enaded. That on the Death of any Death of Pilot, Pilot, his Executors and Adminiilrators, or One of them, or the Per- Llcence re-foo or Perfons to whofe Hands the Licence of fuch deceafed Pilot turne<1 to ^or" (ball come, fhall, without wilful Delay, tranfmit fuch Licence to the |K>raUoa* Corporation, Company or Perfons by whom fuch Licence was granted, on Pain of forfeiting for any Neglcd therein, or for Refufal to deliver the fame when lawfully demanded, a Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Twenty Pounds, nor lefs than Forty Shillings,

XLVIII. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for Corporations the laid Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond, and alfo authorized to for the faid Society of Fellowfhip of Pilots of Dover, Deal and the llce?le Velp1.s JlbofTbanet, and alfo for all other Corporate Bodies or other Per- i^AuVndance** tons having lawful Authority to appoint Pilots within the Limits of at Sea,&c. their refpe&ive Jurifdidiens, to licenfe Veffels of fuch Size and Description as (ball appear to them to be proper for the Purpofe of baring Pilots conftantiy in Attendance in fuch Veffels at Sea ; and for the better Support of fuch Pilot Veffels, it fhall be lawful for any Number of Pilots licenfed by virtue of this Ad, or otherwife lawfully berated, with the Confcnt of the faid Corporate Bodies, or Perfons by whom refpedively fuch Pilots have been or fhall be appointed as afonrfaid, to conflitute a Joint Stock Company or Companies, for the providing and maintaining of fuch Pilot Veffels; which Companies, and the faid Veffels (hall at all times be fubjed to fuch Rules ud Regulations as fhall from time to time be fandioned and approved is that behalf by the faid Corporate Bodies, or Perfons by whom re-Ipetiively fuch Pilots fhall refpedively have been licenfed.

XLIX. And be it further enaded, That every Pilot Boat or Vef- How Pilot Boats R or other Boat or Veffel in the Pilot Service of any Corporation fitted, or Society eftablifhed by Law in relation to Pilotage, or of any Per* Name and

font



218

A.D. 1S1

Number of

])fincip;<l Pilot painted thereon.

Penalty.

Carrying dif-tinguifiimg Flag, without Pilot.

Penalty.

Pilots declining to take Charge of Veflels, or exalting more than allowed Fee, Sec.

C.39.	$2* GEO. Ilf.

fons authorized to aci as a Pilot by fuch Corporation or Sockl /hall at all times and on every Statiou, be fitted with Black Sadi and have the upper Strake next the Gunwale painted Whke, a (hall, while afloat, carry a Yar.e at the Maft Head, or elfe a Flag <■ Sprit or Staff, or in fome other equally confpicuoua Situation ; whil Vane or Flag Hull be of large Dimenlions, proportioned to the Sa of the Boat or Vefiel carrying the fame, and fhall be Half Red Half White, in horizontal Stripes, of which the uppermoft fhall \ White; and the fame fhall at all times be kept and preferred is clean and diffindl Condition, lo as to be eafily difeemed at a prop and fufficient Difiance ; and every fuch Boat or Vefiel fhaU alfo has the Name of the principal Pilot thereof for the time being, paiatt m broad White Letters, of Three Inches in Length, on a Blag Ground on her Stem, and on each Bow fuch Number as fhall bed preffed in the Licence of fuch principal Pilot ; which Name Numbers fhall not be hid or concealed by any Perfon, at any tim on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds for fuch Omifid O Evnfion, to be paid by fuch principal Pilot, who (hall at all tkJ be anfwerable for the due Obfervauce of the Matters aforefaid, 1 every Perfon on board fuch Boat or Vefiel; and every other Bof not in the Service of any Corporation or Society, carrying off a Pflij (hall exhibit a fimilar Flag on a Sprit or Maft, to diftinguifh that t has a Pilot on board.

L. And be it further enabled, That if any Boat or Vefiel, * having a licenfed Pilot on board, fhall, without lawful Authors] cany fuch dillinguifhing Vane pr Flag as aforefaid, the Owners Owners or the Mailer or other Perfon having Charge of fuch Bd or Vefiel, difplaying or carrying any fuch Vane or Iftag, (hall, m every iuch Ofllnce, forfeit and pay a Sum of One hundred Poum

LI. And be it furtherenadied, Thai every Pilot licenfed by virfa of this Adi. or othcrwil'e duly licenfed, who fhall, when difengagfl or on any frivolous Pretexts, decline to take Charge of aur Ski or Vtfiel, unlefs fuch Caufe fhall be fliewn by the Pilot at ■ juftify his not taking Cliarge of the Ship ; or who fhall dec lice, * being required by any Captain of any of His Majefiy's Ships, 4 by any Officer of the Society or Fellowlhip to which fuch P3i fhall belong, or the Matter or other Perfon having the- Charge 4 any Ship or Vefiel, to come on board of any Ship or Veffel; or wtf fhall decline, when required by any Commiflioned Officer ia Hi Majesty’s Navy, or by any principal Officer of His Majesty’s Cd toms, or by any Perion or Pcrfons interested as Principal or A^Ci for or on Behalf of any Ship or Vefiel wanting a Pilot, to go off * and take Charge of any Ship or Veffel, when it fhall be fafe fo 0 do ; or who (hall exadt or demand or bargain for any greater Fee 0 Reward, or any greater Price or Hire for Pilotage, than fuch a are or lhall be allowed by fuch Rates or Rules at are or (hall 1 we after be legally eftablifhed in that Behalf; or who fhall in any wifi delay going on board any fuch Ship or Veffel, or taking Cbargt thereof when on board or alongfide thereof; or who fhall quit avj fuch Ship or Veffel, or decline the piloting thereof after be has beci engaged or after going alonglide thereof, without Leave of thl Captain of any of His Maje fly's Ships, or of the Owner, Ma&tr, Captain or Perfon having the chief Command of any Ship or Vefiel or before the Service (hall have beca performed for which he w»

hired



erf; or (baU by Druukent efs rendtT himfelf incapable of conduit-£**y Ship or VefTel, or (hall negligently or wilfully run any Veflrl Short, or lefcr the fame, or do any Injury to the-fame or to the ckie or Furniture thereof; or who (hail lend his Licence to any licrnled Pedoc, to enable or aflift him towards af.iiug or claiming ad asaitraded Pilot ; (ball forfeit, for every fuch CffL-i.ee, any im not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor iefs than Ten Pounds, d fnall be liable to be dffinifled from being, or fufpended ftom i;Dg as a Pilot, at the Difc/etion of the faid Corporation of nmtf Houfe of Deptford Strand, or at the Difcretion of fuch her Corporate Body, or Perfon or Perions, by whom fuch Pilot is hemied.

LI I. Aad be it further ena&ed. That in cafe any Pilot, licenfed r \iitue of this A&, (hall employ or make ufe of, or (hall compel require any Perfon having the Command or Charge of any Ship Vefid, to employ or make life of any Boat, Anchor, Cable* iwter or any other Matter or Thing, in or for the Service or pre* edd Service of fuch Ship or Veffcl, beyond what lhall actually and iafde be neceffary and proper for the Ufe thereof, with Intent ere by to enhance or increafe the Charge or Expenfe of Pilotage or Hot AMance of fuch Sliip or Veflel, whether for the Gain and rnoiurnm of fuch Pilot, or for the Gain or Emolument of any her Perfon or Perfons whomsoever; then and in every fuch cafe the rrioa fo offending (hall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fifty Dundsnor kb than Ten Pounds, and (hall alfo be liable to be de-uedof bis Licence, or to be fufpended from atting as a Pilot for limited time, at the Difcretion of the faid Corporation of Trinity We of Depijlrd Strand, or other Authority by which he is or ill be been led.

Llll. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon licenfed > ad as a Pilot by virtue of this Adi, or otherwife duly licenfed, r any Perfon not being a Pilot, but a&ing under pretext or colour f Pilotage, (ball wilfully and knowingly condutl, lead, decoy or rtray »y Ship or VefTel into Danger, in any manner not already rovided agaiail by any Statute or Statutes ; or (hali unneceffarily r improperly cut any Cable or Cables of or belonging to any Ship r Veflrl, or caufe or procure the fame to be cut uu ieceffurily and uproperly; or if any fuch Perfon (hail, by wilful Mifreprefenta-m of any Circumdances upon which the Safety of any Ship or ittie! (hall appear materially to depend, for the time being, obtain ff endeavour to obtain the Charge and Conduct of any fuch Sliip or Mid;then aod in every fuch cafe the Perfon fo offending, or who Ihilaidin, procure, abet or connive at the committing of any fuch Ofbce or Offences, (hall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor lefs than Twenty Pounds ; aud in cafe the Pcrioo fo offending (hall be a Pilot, he (hall be either difmiffed W beiag a Pilot, or fufpended from s&ing as fuch for a limited period, at the DifcretioR of the Corporation or other Authority by whom fuch Pilot was licenfed.

UV. Aad be it further enacted. That if ary fuch licenfed Pilot Vefid or Boat (hall run before any Ship or Veffel not having a P3ot on brard, for the Purpofe of directing the Courfe of fahttipor VefTel, until a Pilot can be put on board, the Pilot on tik Pilot Veflel, or the Perfon having Charge of her, (hall be

entitled



Penalty.

Pilot* employing

or requiring Majteis to employ

beyond necef-Gry.

Pennlty,

Conducing any Veflelinto Danger, or un-neceflarily rutting Cables, Lc.

Penalty.

Pilot Boat run*

ning before Vii-fels not having

Pilot on board

220

A.D. t&J

Taking Pilot to Sou

Pay.

Surplus Rates of Pilotage on Ships not having Britith Rcgifters, paid to Receivers, and made Fund for Relief of infirm Pilots.

Account thereof bid before Parliament.

How Pilotage of Ships not Foreign recovered.

How Pilotage of Foreign Ships recovered.

c.39.

52" GEQ. III.

entitled to the full Pilotage, for the Diftance run, until a duly lk Pilot fhall be put on board, as if fuch Perfon had been a6 board fuch Ship and had the Charge of her as a Pilot.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Pilot (hall be 1 Sea by the Commanding Officer of any of His Majefly’a Skrif by any Mailer of any Ship or Veffel in the Merchant SerriceJI out his free Confcnt, except in cafe of abfolute and ur Neceffity, and in fuch cafe every Pilot fo taken to Sea and receive Ten Shillings and fix Pence per Diemy until he returned to the Port or Place where he was taken on board, til he fhall have been difeharged from the Ship for a fuf to have enabled him to return there.

‘ LVT. And whereas it is expedient that the Surplus Ra

*	Pilotage, impofed by this A& on Ships not having Br ‘'

€ giflers, Ihould be applied for creating a Fund for fuch

*	longing to the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond\ and

*	Fellowfhip of the Cinque Ports, as fhall be fuperannuatc it enadted, That all fuch Excefs of Rates as aforefaid, wh pertain to the Eftablilhment of the Trinity Houfe, (hall be j a Receiver or Receivers, to be appointed in that Behalf by 1 Corporation, at fome Place or Places convenient for the 1 fuch Payment, within the Port of London, and fhall be applied! faid Corporation in the manner hereinafter dire6ted ; and if 1 extra Rates of Pilotage fhall pertain to the Ellablifoment Cinque Ports, then the fame (hall be paid to a Receiver or Re to be in that Behalf appointed by the Lord Warden and the^ of Loadmanage, at fome convenient Place or Places for the] ment thereof, within the faid Port of London, ai d* (hall be 1 by the faid Court in the manner hereinafter in that Behalf that is to fay, in both cafes to create a Fund for the better» and Maintenance of fuch Pilots as fhall become incapable charging their Duty, from advanced Age, or from any Ac permanent Infirmity ; to be applied and diftributed in fucb'i ner, and under fuch Rules and Regulations as the Corporation* Trinity Houle of Deptford Strond, and the Lord Warden Court of Loadmanage of the Cinque Ports, fhall refpe&rvely 1 and provide; of which Receipts and Appropriations the faid ~ rations and Courts refpe&ively fhall annually lay an Account I Parliament, within Twenty Days after the Commencement ofi Seffion.

LVII. And be it further enabled. That all Sums of Money 1 fhall become due to any licenfed Pilot, for Pilotage, foall and 1 recovered from the Owners or Mafters of Ships or VefTels, or! the Confignees or Agents thereof, not being Foreign Ships or W who fhall have paid or made themfelves liable to pay any other C3l for the Ship or Veffel in the Port of her Delivery, and foall aod j be levied in fuch and the like manner, according to the Amoi any fuch Sums of Money rcfpe&ively, as any Penalty or Pc may be recovered and levied under and by virtue of this A&, ~ thereof being made in Writing at leaft Fourteen Days before Levy.

LVIII. And be it further enabled,' That the Confi^ Agents of all Foreign Ships and VefTels, who fhall have paid 1 gaged to pay any Charge whatever in relation to fuch Ship



Google

221

812.	52^	GEO.	III.	C.39.

(hall be liable to the Payment of, and (hall pay all Sums for ; due to the Pilot or Pilots who (hall have piloted fuch Ships els, on Proof being made within Fourteen Days after fuch e (hall have been performed, on the Oath of fuch Pilot be-y Jbftice of the Peace, that the fame has not been paid by iptain of fuch Ship or Veffel, if Payment thereof (hall be led from any fuch Conlignee or Confignees within Twenty one hereafter; and if any fuch Sum or Sums which (hall fo become od (hall be fo demanded as aforefaid, (hall not thereupon be ben aiid in fuch cafe the Sums of Money fo due for Pilotage, recoverable in like manner as any Penalty under the Sum of r Pounds may be recovered by virtue of this Ad ; and fuch Confignee* of jeesor Agents of Foreign Ships or Veffels are hereby autho- Foreign Ships id empowered to retain in their Hands refpedively, out of any may retain which they may have received or (hall thereafter receive for or ont of fuch Foreign Ship or Veffel, or the Owner or Owners , fo much as (hall be fufficient to pay and difeharge fuch Piiot-d any Expences attending the fame.

L And be it further enaded, That the Mafter of every Ship Mailers of cl which (hall be piloted or conduded by any other Perfon VelTcls piloted ' duly licenfed Pilot, within any Limits for which Pilots have *"? ot*Jc' (hall be appointed by any lawful Authority, (hall forfeit pilot/** * the Amount of the Sum which would have been demandable Pilotage of fuch Ship or Veffel, and (hall likewife forfeit an ui Penalty of Five Pounds for every Fifty Tons Burthen of Penalty, lip or Veffel, if the Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford as to cafes in which Pilots licenfed by or under the faid ation (hall be concerned, or the faid Lord Warden for the •ing, or his Lieutenant for the time being, as to all cafes in the Cinque Port Pilots (hall be concerned, (hall think it pro-U the Perfon profecuting (hould be at Liberty to proceed t Recovery of luch additional Penalty, and certify the fame ling: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad (hall extend Exception, ed to Penalties any Mafter of any Ship or Veffel (not anchor-bin the Limit? of any Port or Place for which Pilots are or r appointed) who (hall ad himfelf as Pilot in palling up and he Er.glijL Channel or elfewhere, in palling by any Part of the f England in the Courfe of any Voyage, or within the Limits Poit or Place to which his Ship belongs, not being a Port or o relation to which Provifion hath heretofore been made by % or Ads of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters for vpointment of Pilots, or who (hall employ any Perfon as a or who (hall ad himfelf as fuch for the Condud of his Ship M, in any cafe where and fo long as a duly qualified Pilot M offer Afliftance or make a Signal for that Purpofe : Pro- Prorifo.

that this Act (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend feaoy Perfons from aflifting any Ship or Veffel in Diftrefs at In* or Place, nor (hall fubjed fuch Perfons, or any Mafter of bap or Veffel employing fuch Perfons, to the Penalties of this nrefped of fuch Afliftance given during this Diftrefs of fuch or Veffel, or in confequence thereof, or under any Circum-% which (hall have rendered it neceffary for fuch Mafter to fafclf of the beft Afliftance which at the time could be procured;



Google

Reporting to Pilot* n falte Account of Draught, kc. of Veflels, kc. Bounty. Penalty.

Penalty.

Haw Controverts rcl'jK^f-Draught of W iter ol Veflels fettled.

Names of Pilots Inferted in Report of Ships coming into Port of London, and reported to Trinity Houfe. Like Reports of Veflels clearing outwards.

Penalty,

C.3 9*

52° GEO. III.

A.D.fft

cured ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in aayl notwithftauding.

LX. And be it further ena&ed. That every Perfon havii^ Command or Charge for tl>e time being of any Ship or VefW,' fhall report or be privy or confenting to any other Performs ing to any Pilot taking the Charge of fuch Ship or VefTel, Account of the Draught of Water of fuch Ship or VefTel, * feit and pay for every fuch Offence, in addition to the Pa the full Rate of Pilotage to the P.Vot entitled thereto, di Amount of fuch Pilotage; and any Perfon having the Cor Charge for the time being of any Ship or Veffel, or having tereft, Share or Property therein, who fhall fraudulently 2 Marks on the Stem or Stcmpoft thereof, denoting the Drai Water, or fhall be privy to and confenting thereto, fhail 1 fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds

LXI. And, in order to prevent or fettle Controverfies cooflfl the Draught of Water of Ships and Veflels which fhall be fr«( to time on the River Thames (not having Brittjb Regiffers) further ena£ed, That whenever any Difference about the Eft of Water of any Ship or Vefiel fhall arife between the Mi other Perfon having the Command of any fuch Ship or Vefld tny Perfon who fhall have piloted the fame into the fa:d Rw who fhall be required to pilot the fame therefrom purfuant I Directions of this A6t, the faid Corporation of Trinity Hot fome proper Officer or Perfon appointed by them, fhall ad«M the Draught of Water of fuch Slop or VefTel, and fhall fetd determine the fame between the Parties, upon Application mi either ©f them to, t lie faid Corporation within Twelve Hoon fuch Ship or Vefiel fhall have arrived at her Moorings in the ! or before the Cargo thereof fhall be begun to be unladen, or 1 fuch Ship or Vefiel fhall quit her Moorings on any outward Vo» for which Admeufurement the Officer or Perfon making the fhall be paid One Guinea if the Ship or VefTel fhall be below the Pool, and Half a Guinea if above the Pool, by the Ped quiring fueft Admeafurcment, or making Application for tti to the faid Corporation.

LXII. And be it further enacled, That every Matter or Perfon having the Command for the time being of ?mv Ship or1 required to be piloted according to the Dire&ions of this A&, on coming into the Port of London, and in making the Entry 0 port of hi6 Ship or VefTel inwards, infert or caufe to be intert Rich Entry or Report, the Name of the Pilot or Pilots emploj engaged by him or by the Owner of fuch Ship or VefTel to pill fame into the faid Port of London ; and which Infertion flM made (without Fee or Reward) by the proper Officer of the Cal in the faid Entry or Report, who fhall alfo report th? fame ft Corporation of the Trinity Houfe monthly 5 and alfo that the cipal Searcher or Clearing Officer of the Cuttoms at Gra^oefast demand and take the Name or Names of the Pilot or Pilots Ships or Veflels clearing outwards from the Port of Londm]m fhall tranfmit Monthly Lifts of fuch Names to the faid Corn« of the Trinity Houfe, on Pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceedtnf Pounds, nor lefs than Five Pounds, to be paid by every Perfon' fhall negled to comply with the foregoing Regulations refpe&iw

LXII1. &



223

812.	52°	GEO.	III.	C39.

fIL And be it further cm&ed. That the Matter of every Ship d, not having a Briti/h Remitter, who (hall nut furnifh or give ime of tl»e Pilot or Pilots who (hall have been employed to ib Ship or Veffel into ihe Port of London* (hall be deemed to ailed aid been navigated into the faid Port without a Pilot, allbeliabk* to pay the fame or the like Pilotage for fuch his or Veffel, for and in rcfpe& of the Dittance which he fhall or (31?navi^ted and failed up the River Thames, or the Channels £ thereto without a Pilot, as he would have been liable to pay *3ot had been employed by him ; and the fame fhall be paid Collector appointed by the Corporation of Trinity Houfe, all go toward the Fund by this Adi eilablilhed in relation to irplas Rates of Pilotage: Provided neverthelcfs, that in all where due Proof (hall be made to the Corporation of tho jf Houfe, at any time within Three Months after any fuch nt, that 2 Pilot was in any fuch cafe regularly and duly em-a»d paid, then and in any fuch cafe the Sum or Sums of which (hall have been fo paid, (hall be returned to the Per* Ptrfons who (hail have paid the fame, or any other Perfon font by him or them duly authorized and empowered to re* he feme.

IV. And be it further ena&ed. That Lifts of the Chriftian and r»es. Ages and Places of Refidence, of all Pilots in England\ rith the Dates of their Appointments, on or before the Thirty 'av of December One thou land eight hundred and twelve, be irted to the Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Slrond> ir Court Houle in London, diflinguifhing the Limits within fuch Pilots ^re appointed to adt respectively, and thencefor-rom time to time as each Appointment of a Pilot fhall take and aifo Duplicates of luch Lifts to the Commiffioners of the ds in England, annexing to the Lifts to be tranfmitted to the t Houfe, the Rates of Pilotage, and alfo Rating the Rules pgulttions made and eilablilhed in relation to fuch Pilots, in ich Rules and Regulations fhall have been made by any other ritytban by Act of Parliament, or by the faid Corporation of r Houfe of Deptford Strand; and the fame, when fo completed, p tranfmitted as afonefaid by the refpedtive Bodies Politic and •ate, and other Perfons authorized to appoint Pilots in any: of Harbours or Rivers, or 011 any of the Coafts of England, om fuch Pilots fhall have been appointed refpedlively ; and the udies Politic and Corporate, and other Perfons authorized to t Pilots as aforefaid, fhall and they are hereby required to it to the laid Corporation of Trinity Houfe, at their faid Houfe in London, annually, on the Thirty lirft Day of De-or within One Calendar Month afterwards, a Lift corrected tkfeid Thirty firft Day of December annually, of the Names UfMeoces of the Pilots within their feveral Jurifdi^ions, and ffacbAlterations as may have been made (if any) in the Rules fgubtions for governing Pilots within their refpeC* < - D:ftri6to. XV. And whereas by Two Ads patted in the Forty fifth and tyfixth Years of His prefent Majesty, for the more effectual hnnance of Quarantine, Pilots are required, on going on board* (Mfridug from Foreign Parts, in certain cafes, to give Informant the Commanders thereof, refpe&ing Proclamations and 7	* Orders



Matters of Foreign Ships not giving Name of Pilot, deemed to have tailed without one, and IhaU pay Pilotage.

Lift of Pilots tranfmitted to Tfinity Houle and CommU-fioners of Cultoms.

45	ft*3 c.roi § 16.

46	G.3. c.98.

C-3 9-

52* GEO. III.

A.D.I8U

Commiffioner* of Cuftom* to tranfmit to principal Officers at feveral Ports in

Port.

*	Orders in Council relative to the Performance of Quarantine, whi(

' renders it neceffary that Notice of fuch Proclamations and Oi ’

*	which may have been iffued fubfequent to the Departure from

*	land of fuch Ships, fhould be previoufly communicated to all

*	throughout England * Be it further ena&ed, That the faid miflioners of the Cuttoms (hall, within One Month, from the firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and t tranfmit to the principal Officers of the Revenue under their Mi

England^Names, ment at ^e ^eVera^ Ports in England, the Names and Places of See. of Pilot* re- dcnce fuch Pilots, in the Lifts fo tranfmitted to them, as (hitt fiding within	fide within the Limits of each Port refpedtively, and fo from thf^

Limit* of each forward the Name of each Pilot of whofe Nomination they Ihafli ceive Notice from the proper Authority, in order that the faid p cipai Officers at the feveral Ports may be enabled to commtuK to every Pilot within the Limits of the Ports refpe&ively all I clamations or Orders in Council refpetiing the Performance of ^ rantineby Ships arriving from infe&ed Places, which the faid Ofiei are hereby required to do.

LXVI. And be it further enadted, That all Adis of Pariiam! and all Claufes, Provilions, Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Pd ties and Forfeitures, contained in any Adt which in any manner rt to the Regulation of Pilots or Pilotage within any River, Pot Harbour, or within any local Limits fpecified in any fuch Adi, Ch or Provifion, and in which any Reference is made to the faid Adfc the Forty eighth Year aforefaid, or in any manner apply thereto* vary or alter any of the Provifions thereof as to Pilots or Pflol within any fuch Limits, (hall continue in full Force, not with Ham the Repeal of the faid Adt of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid,4 be deemed to refer and apply to this Adt, and (hall be fo con&d as if the fame were particularly referred to in this Adi; any thug this Adi to the contrary notwithftanding.	*

LXVII. And be it further enadted, That all the Pi

All A£ts relating 10 Regulation of Pilots extended to Act

. 48 G.3. c.104.

Prefervatlon of

Beacons, 8 hlix. Claufes, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained in an Adi patted

c.13.

Riding by, &c. any Beacon.

Penalty*

39 G.j. c.lxix.

Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, or any *>ther Adts made and in force for the Prefervalion of Beacons and Marks, fhall extend and be conftrued to extend to all Veffeki^ appointed to exhibit Lights therein for the Prefervation of Shipcl Veftels at Sea, and to all ^Perfons removing, injuring or deftr fuch Veffels or Lights ; which Offences may be laid and trio any County in England.

LXVI1I. And be it further enadted, That every Perfon who ride by, make fall to, or remove, or wilfully or negligently rim <

^pr run foul of any Veffel appointed or placed to exhibit Ligh any Buoy or Beacon belonging to the faid Corporation of Tii Houfe of Deptford Strond, or belonging to or placed by any 1 Corporation having lawful Authority to place the fame, lhall f for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nerjv than Ten Pounds, together with the Expence of replacing ori ing good any Damage occafioned by fuch Mifcondudl.

* LX1X. And whereas by an Adi paffed in the Thirty ninth \

*	of the Reign of His prefent Majetty, intituled An A3 far j

*	ing more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of

*	the Dock Mailer or Dock Matters appointed by the IVtfL i 4 Dock Company, under and by virtue of the laid Adi, have \

Poa

v^ooQle

~±J.l o 1 2.

22$

52° GEO. III.	C39.

aod .Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving ' removing of all Ships and other Veflels, Lighters ana Craft, as fcall l>e within the Diftance of Two hundred Yards from any En-rance out of the laid River there into the Works of the faid Com-jany, as to the time or times and manner of their Entrance into, g in or going out of or from the fame: And whereas the Powers -Q to the faid Dock Matter or Dock Matters, under and by Be of the faid recited Aft, have not been found fufficient to him and them to enforce Obedience to his and their Orders : Directions to Pilots having the Charge or Direction of navigat-iiips and Veflels within the aforefaid Diftance of Two hun-•i Yards of the refpe&ive Entrances into the faid Docks from River Thames Be it therefore cnadted. That, from and after - pafEng of this Aft, if any Pilot or Pilots having the Charge or ->a of navigating any Ship or Veflel within the aforefaid ee of Two hundred Yards from the refpeftive Entrances into :ar : Docks from the River Thames, and either intended to go or having recently come out of the Docks, Bafons, or other of the faid Company, ttiall neglcdt or refufe to obey fqch 'd-rrs or Directions as ttiall or may from time to time be given to .'5uot or Pilots, by the faid Dock Matter or Dock Matters, and by virtue of and agreeably to the Powers vetted in him and n by the faid recited Aft, touching or relating to the mooring, mooring, moving or removing of fuch Ships or Veflels fo being the Charge or Direction of fucli Pilot or Pilots as aforefaid 5 and in every fuch cafe every Pilot fo offending, (hall forfeit and Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor lefs than Twenty Pounds 1 ery fuch Pilot (hall be liable to be difmifled from being a Pilot, fpended from afting as fuch, at the Difcretion of the Corpora-or other Authority by whom fuch Pilot was liccnfcd.

.X. And be it further enafted. That the Corporation of the Houfe of Deptford Strondy and the Court of LCadmanSge of -. Ports, and all other Corporations for managing or directing in any Part of England, under the Authority of any Act of rient or Charter, (hall annually, within one Month after the rft Day of January in ever)1' Year, tranfmit to the*Office of the Rc-01 the Sixpenny Duty in the Port of London, S'Lift of all the . L of every Defcription employed by them or by Perfons under Authority for the Purpofes of Pilotage, with the Number of ind Boys belonging to or ferving in any fuch Veflel.

. XI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and re=>, which are by this Act impofed, or which (half be im-any Bye-Law made under the Authority thereof, the man-levy big whereof is not herein otherwife exprefsly directed, wliich not exceed Twenty Pounds, or in refpeCt of which the Party -ting (hall proceed for any Sum not exceeding Twenty hich in all cafes it (hall be lawful for him to do, with the lent ct the Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Detiford Strondy or faid Lord Warden for the time King, or his Lieutenant for me being, in the cafes in this A61 before mentioned, notwith-g a greater Penalty might otherwife be recoverable, may he and recovered within Six Calendar Months after the Offence .ace# committed, or within fuch other time as is hereinafter in 1 Behalf directed, before any Juttice or Juftices of the Peace for 52 G*o. III.	Q	ih«

Pilots not obeying Orders of Dock Matter of Wett India Doc* Company.

Penalty.

Lirt of Pilot VefMs and Number of Hands transmitted to Receiver of Sixpenny Duty in London.

How Penalties not exceeding Twenty Pound* recovered.



22 6

Imprifonmenr.

Hgw Penalties aVvovc Twenty Pounds recovered.

Picvifo.

C.39.	5	20 GEO. III.	A.D.1I1

the County, City, Divifion or Place, where the Offence or Oil (hall be committed 5 or if committed by any Pilot, before any J of the Peace or Maeidrate of theCiry, Town or Port, to whi^l Pilot fhall belong ; or if committed by any Owner or Mailer< Ship orVeffel, by any Jullice of the Peace or Magillrateof the1 ty, City, Town or Port, at which fuch Owner or Mailer (bafli or to which the Ship of fuch Owner or Mailer (hall beloej if committed by any Pilot of the Trinity Houfe of Deptforil or of the Cinque Ports, or by any other Perfon, on any Part < Sea from Orfordnefs to the Mouth of the River Thames, or fires genefs to the Mouth of the River Thames, or upon the Riven 2 or Medway, then by any Jullice of the Peace of the Cowl Kent, Surrey, EJfex or Middlefex, or by any Magiftrate of tk of London; and fucli Jullice and Judices is and are hereby empdl and required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to grant 1 rant to bring before him or them fuch Offender or Offender!, I Time or Place in fuch Warrant fpecified 5 and if on Coovifl the Offender or Offenders refpe£lively, on his, her or their feflion, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Wi«| Witnelfes upon Oath (which Oath fuch Jullice or Jufticcs i are hereby empowered to adminifter), fuch Fine, Penalty or Fi ure, (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall and may be lawful to a fuch Jullice or Juflices to commit every fuch Offender to the mon Gaol or Houfe of Corre&ion for the County, City or 1 where fuch Offender (hall be convi6led, there to remain whhotf or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months lefs than Twenty one Days, unlefs fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfc and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, Ihi fooner paid.

LXXII. And be it further ena&ed, That all Fines, Peuall Forfeitures, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, by this Al pofed for any Offence or Offences committed agair.ft this Ad, which the lowed Penalty being lefs than Twenty Pounds, 3 gt Sum may be awarded than Twenty Pounds, and in which the profecuting fuch Offence (hall, with the Confent of the Corptfj of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond, or of the faid LordWl for the time being, or his Lieutenant for the time being, in the! in this A& before mentioned, proceed for any greater Sumj Twenty Pounds, (hall and mav be recovered, with full Ccflsofj by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of Majedy’s Courts of Record at lVeJlminJlert wherein no EffoignJ te&ion. Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance m allowed, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Offe* Offences Ihsdl be committed, or within fuch other time as is bq after in that Behalf direded ; and in any fuch cafe or cafe« it Hd lawful to fue for the full Penalty or Penalties, and it (hall aH lawful for the Jury giving the Verdift, to award any Sum, od than the Sum fpeciiicd as the lowed Penalty, nor greater thq Sum fpecified as the highed Penalty, for the Offence for whid Aftion, Bill, Plaint or Information, is or (hall be brought: Pd always, thatjn cafe the faid refpe&ive Periods of Six Calendar ■ and Twelve Calendar Months, or either of them, within wliicH Penalties or Forfeitures, are to be fued for as aforefaid, IhaflS cafe or cafes clapfe and run out before any Profecution hereby!

	'

327

52® GEO. in.

C-39-

&

tad direded fhall have been commenced for the Recovery of Roes, Penalties or Forfeitures 5 and if it (hall in manner herein-mentioned be made to appear, as foon after as the Circumftances cafe (hall reafonably admit, that the Commencement of the »U» has been delayed by the Reafon of the Ab fence of any or Parties, whether offending or complaining, or by the Ab of any neceffary 'Witnefs or Witneffes 5 then upon fuch Cir „	being	Rated by Affidavit in Writing, made before any

»: of any of His Majesty’s Court9 of Record at Wejhninjler, it dfcreupon be lawful for any fuch Judge or Judges to order or liorize the Commencement of fuch Profecution within fuch further 2s fuch Judgje (hall think fit to limit in that Behalf; and in fuch ,the Profecution or Profecutions fo ordered or authorized (hall and be commenced and profecuted within the time or hefpedive times sited, in like manner and with the like Effed in all refpeds as if 1 Profecutions had been commenced and profecuted within the faid k£bve Periods of Six Months and Twelve Months hereby limited. LXXill. Provided always, and be it fuither enaded, That nothing » contained (hall extend to affed or impede the Jurisdiction of the at of Loadmanage, as far as refpeds the Pilots appointed under Authority of the faid Court; and provided alfo, that nothing in Ad contained (hall extend, or be conflrued to extend, to affed or the Jurifdidion of the High Court of Admiralty.

XIV.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe any Perfon ft whom a Warrant (hall be iffued by any Juftice or Jultices, or after any Convidion for any Offence againft this Ad, (hall go into or refide or be in any other County, Riding, Divifion, It, Liberty, Town or Place, not within the Jurifdidion of the jjpftice or Juftices granting fuch Warrant or Warrants, it (hall be for any Juflice of the Peace pf the County, Riding, Divifion, f Liberty, Town or Place, into which fuch Perfon mall efcape, before or after Convidion, and they and every of them are required, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Hand Writing Juftice or Juftices granting fuch Warrant or Warrants, to inks or their Name or Names on fuch Warrant 5 and the fame, fb indorfed, lhall be fufficient Authority to all Peace Officers execute fuch Warrant in Yuch other County, Riding, Divifion, , Town or Place, out of the Jurifdidion of the Juftice or Juftices _ the (aid Warrant; and any Juftice or Juftices refpedively, the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before or them within their refpedive Jurifdidions, may proceed to hear determine the Complaint, in the fame manner as if it had origin -aiifen within his or their refpedive Jurifdidions, and may dired Offender or Offenders to be carried to the Juftice or Juftices granted the original Warrant, to be dealt with according to Law. LXXV. And be it further enaded. That One Third of all Fines I* Penalties to be levied in purfuance of this Ad, or under any Bye-w made in purfuance thereof, by whomfoever incurred, (hall go to Perfon who (hall inform or fue for the fame, and the Remainder of ifach Fines or Penalties (hall he paid and applied to the Fund of the Jmity Houfe at Deptford Stroud, and fhall be applied, after de-iftong thereout the Expences of carrying this Ad into Execution, jWltt manner, and for the like Purpofes as the other Funds of the WHC'crpontioo are by Law or Ufage applicable, iu cafe fuch Fines V	Q	2	or

Google

Provifo for Court of 1 .oad-manage and Court of Admiralty.

Juftice of any County into which an Offender lhall eft ape, rmv indorfe original Warrant, vrh’ch (hall authorize Peace Oihcer* to execute it, &c.

Application of Penalties*



A.D.ijf

WitnelTes not appearing.

Houfe of Cor-redion.

Perjury.

Conviction.

Form.

5 2b 6TEO. 111.

or Penalties (hall be incurred by Pilots licenfed by the {aid < tion, or by any other Perfon or Perfons, in relation to any ! wherein fuch laft mentioned Pilots (hall be in any wife con and in cafe fuch Fines or Penalties (hall be incurred by Pilots 1 Cinque Ports, or by Pilots under any other Jtrrifdi&ion or An ‘ or by any other Perfon or Perfons in relation to any Matters ' Pilots (hall be in any wife concerned, then the remainin Thirds of fuch laft mentioned Fines or Penalties (hall go to fu as hath been or (hall be eftabli(hed by the Perfons having the ] tion of the Cinque Port or other Pilots, and (hall be applied^ Ufc of fuch relpedfve Funds, after defraying out of fuch Fu Penalties the refpedive Expences incurred in carrying* this Execution.

LXXVI. Arid be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfo^ (hall be fummoned as a Witnefs before any Juftice or Juftice*! Peace, (hall refufe or negled to appear at the time by fuch Sui* appointed, having no juft Caufe for fuch Neglect or Refufal, ■ be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices, on Proof of fuch Su having been ferved, and of a Tender of reafonable Expences J been made to fuch Perfon on his being ferved with fuch Su to iffue his or their Warrant, under his Hand and Seal Hands and Seals, to bring fuch Perfon before him or them ; Appearance, or on being brought before any Juftice or Juftic Perfon (hall refufe to be examined on Oath concerning the 1 without having fome juft Caufe for fuch Refufal, it (hall be\ for fuch Juftice or Juftices, by Warrant under his Hand and f their Hands and Seals, to commit fuch Perfon to the Houfe i redion of the County, City, Divifion or Place, where an Perfon (hall be apprehended, there to remain for any Time 1 ceeding Six Months nor lefs than Fourteen Days, as any fuch J or Juftices (hall dried.

LXXVII. And be it further enaded, That every Per in any Examination upon Oath under the Provifions of thavj (hall wilfully give falfe Teftimony, or a falfe Account of the I fworn to by him, (hall be liable to be profecuted for the fu lndidment, and if duly convided of falfe fwtfaring in the Pri (hall be fubjed and liable to fuch Punifhments, Difqualificatxi Difabilities, as any Perfon would be fubjed or liable to for i and corrupt Perjury in any other cafe by the Laws and Stati the Realm.

LXXVI IT. And, for the more eafy and fpeedy Con vie Offenders againft this Ad, be it further enaded, That all an Juftice and Juftices of the Peace, before whom any Perfon convided of any Offence againft this Ad, (hall and may ca Convidion to be drawn up according to the following Formal Words to the like Effed ; videlicet,

!BE it remembered, That on the	Day	of

*	in the Year of our Lord	Jl.	B.	is	con

€ before me [or, us]	One	[or, Two, as the c3

*	£?] of His Majesty’s Juftices of the Peace for the

€ \Jherc Specify the Offence, and the Time and Place *when and I

*	commiitedy as the cafe may be] contrary to an Ad, paffed I 4 Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of King George the Thin

v^ooQle

518 GEO, IH.

C.39.

22$

d	infcrt.the Title of this Aft"] and I [or, we] dp ad-

, that he oath therefore forfeited the Sum of {here infert the Oiven under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and J the Day and Year .firft above written/

10	Certiorari, or other Writ or Procefs for the Removal of Certiorari. Conviction, or any Proceedings thereon, into any of His Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, (hall be allowed or

■L

*1X- And be it further enacted. That it (hall and. may be Appeal.

and for any Perfoq or Perfons fo convicted by any Juftid?

Bees of the Peace before mentioned, of any Offence or Of-again ft this Ad, or againft any Rule, Order or Bye-Law' n purfuance thereof, within Three Calendar Months next ich Convi&ion, to appeal to the Jufticeaofthe Peace affembled general Quarter Seinons holden for the County, City or Place the Matter of Appeal (hallarife, firft giving Ten Days Notice Notice. Appeal to the rerfon or Perfons appealed againft and of the * thereof, and within Fourteen Days next after fuch Notice, g into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for Recognizance, oaoty. City or Place, with fufficient Sureties conditioned to :h Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court ; and fuch Juftices (hall, upon due Propf of fuch Notice been given and Recognizance entered into, hear and determine Uter of fuch Appeal, and may either confirm or quafh and be faid Convi&ion, and award fuch Cofts to either Party, as Cofts. m fhall feem juft and reafonable; and the Decifion of the faid § therein {hall be final, binding and conclulive; and no Pros' to be had or taken in purfuance of this Ad, (hall be quafhed Want of Form, ited for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or Certiorari. her Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majestys 1 of Record at Wejlminjler or elfewhere; any Law or Statute contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XX. And be it further enaded, That if any Suit or Adion Limitation of e brought or profecuted againft any Perfon or Perfons for any A&ions. done or to be done in purfuance of this Ad, in every fuch be A6Hon or Suit (hall be commenced within Six Calendar is next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and >e laid or brought in the County, City or Place, where the of A£tion antes, and not elfewhere; and the Defendant or dants in fuch Adion or Suit may plead the General Iffue, General Ifllie. rnilty, and give this Ad and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at ‘rial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pur-t and by the Authority of this Ad ; and if it (hall appear fo done, or if any fuch Adion or Suit (hall be brought after the Trained for bringing the fame, then the Jury (hall find for the adant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plantiffs (hall be-nonfmted, or fuffer a Difcontinuance of his, her or their Adion dions, or if a Verdid (hall pafs againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Demurrer, Judgment (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or tiffs, the Defendant or Defendants mall have Treble Cofts, and Treble Cofts. have fuch Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defend-pth or have for Cofts of Suit in other cafes by Law.

QQLXL Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded and Provifo for City That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend, or be of London.

’	*	Q	3	conftrued

*		Google

230

C«39*	j2*GfeO.	in.

conftrued to extend, to prejudice or take away any Ri Authority or Jurifdi&ion of the Mayor of the City of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City in and upon the River Thames aforefaid.

Public Aft* LXXXII. And be it further cna&ed, That thi* deemed and taken to be a public Ad, and fhall be } Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others,; fpecially pleaded.

£& altered, &c. LXXXIII. And be it further ena&ed, That tU altered, amended or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to b* prefent Seffion of Parliament.	,

I

\

i



Google



SCHfi

filiations

FROM	-t	  18 Feet.
	£ t. d. ii6 i 3  - l
The Downs - -	t  r4 4  i9 7 5,
Standgate Creek -	.854
	Two Limii

8!

led the Fla



}

f

»

! Ships not halProvifions added £ !0 £^rmbers refp the Cinque Poi



1EDUL



OATy Sub Co

*	T A. B. do Impartially

*	and	Vefle

*	Sand Head, Limits ivi

*	Harbours ; Sj thereof i

Gb^JfS?to l^ard> oth

4 tion, Fee or \t Behalf.

eftabliflied by this Aft.



19 Feet.	20 Feet.	21 Feet.	22 Feet.	23 Feet.  and  upwards.
£ s. d.	£ 1. d.	£ x, d.	£ x. d.	£ x. d.
19 0 0	22 I O	24 5 0	26 9 2	28 13 3
2142	24 5 I	26 9 2	28 13 3	3° l7 4
23 B 3	26 9 2	28 13 3	—	—
8 16 4	9 7 4		—	

ts is to be paid.

g Staffs on ]

£

5

A

*3

2

5

4

3

2

i.: o o

o

o

2 10

To all the feveral Rates above mentioned (hall be .e&ively Notice (hall be given by the Lord Warden of

yer Trip for the whole Diffance from Gravefend to London, and in Proportion for any Part of this Diftance.

.E (D.)

mmiflioners for Pilotage.

examine into the Capacity and Skill of Is into the Roadftead, Port or Harbour, and upon thin which the Perfon examined is intended to aft as to the Corporation of Trinitv Houfe of Deptford er than fuch Fee or Reward as is allowed by the

So help me GOD'.tj00Sle ■

52* GEO. in.

233

C. 40.

CAP. XL.

An A£k to make Provifion for a limited Time refpefting cer-tain Grants of Offices.	[20th	April 1812.]

•	TT THERE AS, on account of certain Proceedings depending in

•	VV Parliament, it is expedient to eftablifti the Provisions 4 hereinafter mentioned refpe&ing certain Grants of Offices for a

•	limited time Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament a&mbJed, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the pafling of this A€t until the Twenty eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, no Public Office, Place or Employment, (hall be granted in Reverfion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorfhip, or for Two or more Lives in Succeffion, by Hit Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, or by any Board or Department of Government ; and that during the time aforefaid no Office, Place or Employment, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Common Law or Equity, (hall be fo granted fave as hereinafter is excepted.

II And be it further ena&ed, That every Grant or Appointment which may hereafter be made contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A& .'hall be to all Intents and Purpofes void $ and that alb Salary and Emoluments received under any fuch Grant or Appointment (hall and may be recovered by Information at the Suit of His Majesty’s Attorney General in the Court of Exchequer, to the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors: Provided, that nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to make void any Grant of any* Office, Place or Employment, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Law, which (hall be made by any Chief Judge, Officers or Officer of any fuch Court, being fuch Chief Judge, Officers or Officer at the time of pafting this Adfc 5 or to make void any Grant of any Office, Place or Employment, in any fuch Courts which (hall hereafter be made by any other Perfon or Perfons having at the time of palling this Ad the Riffht of granting any fuch Office, Place or Employment, if fuch Office, Place or Employment was vacant at the time of paffing this Aft, or which (hall be made by any other Officer or Officers of the faid Courts not being, fuch at the time of paffing this Ad, but becoming fuch by virtue of Appointments hereafter made by the Perfons refpeftively who at the time of paffing this Act are the Chief Judges, Officers or Officer of fuch Courts: Provided, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or he conftrued to extend to foe or render valid and effectual any Grants hereafter to be made by any fuch Chief Judges, Officers or other Perfons as aforefaid, of Offices in Reverfion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivor-flap, or for Two or more Lives in Succeffion, which Offices had not before been granted in Reverfion or for joint Lives with Benefit of Sanriforlhip, or for Two or more Lives in Succeffion, nor to make

dany Grants which fuch Judges, Officers or Officer, or other h>§ refpe&ively would not have been entitled by Law to make if this Aft had not paffed : Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to make void any Giants of any Offices, Place* or Employments, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Law, which ffiall be granted by His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, in Reterfion, or for joint Lives' with Benefit of Survivorfhip, or for

Q 5	Twq



Google

Until Feh. a8, 1814, no Public Offict granted in Reverfion.

Grants contrary, void.

Provifo for Grants of Offices in Courts of Law*

52° GEO. in.

A.DVfRiu

Two or more Lives in Succeffion, upon the Requeft or Recommend^ ation of the Chief Judges or Officers of His Majesty’s faid Court* AnH for Ap-	being fuch at the time of paffing this Aft, and which Offices, Placed

pointmcnt of	or Employments have been heretofore fo granted upon fuch Re-

Afiiitantsto qUe{^ or Recommendation: Provided alfo, that this Aft (hall not |andSJ ° SaK be ta^en to prohibit the Appointment of Affiftants and Succeflbrs to the Parochial Clergy of Scotland.

45G.3.C.47.

31G.3. c.19.



CAP. XLI.

An Aft to amend and continue until the Twenty fifth Day <J March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, an Aft of the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majesty, for appointing Commifiioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure and the Conduft of the Public Bufinefs, in the Military Departments therein mentioned ; and another Aft, of the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majesty, for continuing and extending the fame to Public Works executed by the Office of Works and others.	[20th	April 1812.]

*	YYTHEREAS an Aft was patted in the Forty fifth Year of the 1 VV Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An AQ to appoint

*	Commiffxoners to enquire and examine into the Public Expenditure) 1 and the Conduct of Public Bufinefs, in the Military Departments 4 therein mentioned, and to report fuch Obfervations as Jhall occur to 4 them for correcting or preventing any Abufes and Irregularities, and 4 for the better conducing and managing the Bufinefs of the faid De-4 partments ; to continue in force for Two Tears, and from thence 4 unfd the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next 4 Cejfion of Parliament; which faid Aft was continued by fubfequent ‘ Ads until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight

*	hundred and eleven: And whereas by an Aft, patted in the laft

*	Seffion of Parliament, intituled An Ad to continue, until the Twenty 4 fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, an A3 4 of the Forty fifth Tear of His prefent Majefiy, for appointing Cm-r mifioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure, and the Condud of 4 the Public Bufinefs, in the Military Departments therein mentioned, 4 and to extend the fame to Public Works executed by the Office oj 4 Works and others ; the faid recited Aft was continued until the

*	Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and

*	twelve, and extended to an Enquiry into the Expenditure and Con-4 duft of the Bufinefs in the Office of Works, and into the Execution

*	of other Public Works therein mentioned : And whereas it is 4 expedient that the faid recited Afts, and all the Powers therein 4 contained, fo far only as the fame were extended by the faid laft

*	recited Aft, and relate to an Enquiry into the Public Expenditure 4 and Conduft of Bufinefs in the Office of Works, and into the lixe-4 cution of other Public Works in the faid laft recited Aft particularly 4 mentioned, fhould be revived and further continued ; and that the

*	fame Humid be carried into Execution by other Commiffioners 4 named or referred to by the faid recited Acts:* May it therefore plcafe Your Majesty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted br the King’s Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Confent



Google

$2* GEO. HI.	C. 41,42.	ajj

Coofent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That the (aid recited Afts, and all the Powers and Provifions therein how far con-

contamed, fo far only as the fame were extended by the ibid left reeked tinuadtill March

Ad, and relate to an Enquiry into the Public Expenditure and Con- a5* 1813.

dud of Bofinefe in the Office of Works, and into the Execution of

other Psbiic Works in the faid lad recited Adi mentioned, (hail bo

and the feme are hereby revived and further continued in full force

from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred

and twelve, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight

hundred and thirteen, and the fame (hall be put in force and carried

into Execution by the Comroiffioners appointed by this Ad, inftead

of the Commiflioners named or referred to in the faid recited Ads.

II. And be it further ena6ted, That Cities Templeman, Henry Commiflionew Peterj, Charles Bofanquet, Benjamin C. Stephenfon and L. Brad- appointed. Jhavj Efquires, (hall be and they are hereby conftituted Commiflioners for carrying into Execution the Purpofes of the faid recited Ads, as the fame are revived and continued by this Ad 5 and (hall have, ufe and exercife ail the fame Powers, Provifions and Authorities, in con* doffing the Enquiry into the Office of Works and into the Exe* cation of fucb other Works as aforefaid, as the Commiflioners named or referred to in the faid recited Ads had ufed or exercifed for the Purpofe aforefaid under the Provifions of the faid recited Ads or either of them.

ILL And be it further enaded, That all Powers, Provifions, Pe* Powers of re-nalties and Means of recovering the fame, Claufes, Matters and cited Atf» «-Things contained in the faid recited Ads relative to the Enquiry	t0	*

into the Offices and Departments therein mentioned, (hall relate to the Commiflioners appointed under this Ad, and (hall be and be put io force and be applied by them, as far as the fame are applicable, to the conducting the Enquiry authorized to be made into the Office of Works, and into the Execution of fuch other Works as aforefaid, io the fame manner and as fully and efFedually to all Intents and Purpofes as the fame related to, andf put in force and applied by the t Commiflioners named or referred to in the faid recited Ads.

CAP. XLII.

An Aft for amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Pilchards exported until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

[20th April 1812.]

‘ TT7HEREAS by an Aft made in the Thirty*eighth Year of

*	W the Reign of His prefent Majefly King George the Third,

*	intituled An A3 for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties 38 G.3* **^9* 1 io the CommiJJioners of Excife ; and for repealing the Duties on Salt, § *•

*	and the Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties paid thereout ; and ‘ for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties 4 thereon ; an additional Bounty of One Shilling and Six pence, given

4 and granted by an Aft made in the Thirty firft Year of the Reign 31 G.3» c*45* ‘aforefaid, for every Calk or Veflel of Pi chards containing Fifty 4 Gallons, and fo in Proportion for a lefs Quantity thereof, ex-' ported from any Port or Place in Great Britain into Parts beyond * the Seas, was repealed ; and by the faid Aft of the Thirty eighth 38 &-3- * 89*

« Year $ 3-



Google

52* GEO. III.

A.D.1812.

39 G.3.&65. »*•

38 0.3. c.89.

«3-

3y G.3. C.6.J.

5 *•

43 G. 3. c.69. $ch« C. Bounties.

45 G.3. c.ioa.

4S 0.3. e.69.

Year aforefaid, a Bounty of Seven Shillings wasgiven and granted for every Calk or Veffel of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallon s». which fhould be duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyooff the Seas ; and by an A61 made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign aforefaid, an additional Bounty of One Shilling and Six pence was given and granted for every Cafk or Veffel of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallons, which fhould be duly exported from Greet Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, until and upon the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and five, and for and in refpeft whereof the Perfon or Perfons exporting the fame fhould be entitled to the Bounty of Seven Shillings, under or by virtue of the faid Aft of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign aforefaid : And whereas by the faid Aft made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign aforefaid, a Bounty was allowed on Pilchards (hipped and exported direttly to any of the Britijh Weft India lflands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterraneanf in Cafks of Thirty two Gallons or upwards, in due Proportion to the feveral Bounties then payable, and which by that Aft might become payable for or in refpeft of'Pilchards exported from Great Britain in Cafks containing Fifty Gallons : And whereas by another Aft made in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforefaid, intituled jin AB to repeal the Duties of Excife payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, the laid Bounties were repealed, and tbe following Bounties were given and granted 5 that is to fay, a perpetual Bounty of Seven Shillings for every Cafk or Veffel of Pilchards or Scads containing Fifty Gallons, which fhould be duly exported to Foreign Parts, a temporary Bounty of One Shilling and Six pence for every Cafk or Veffel of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallons, which fhould be duly exported to Foreign Parts, until and upon the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and five, and alfo a perpetual Bounty in due Proportion to the Bounty or Bounties by that Aft payable for Pilchards exported to Foreign Parts in Calks containing Fifty Gallons, for all Pilchards which Ihould be duly Ihipped and exported direftly to any of the Britijh Weft India lflands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterranean in Cafks of Thirty two Gallons or upwards : And whereas by another Aft made in the Forty fifth Year of His faid Maiefty’s Reign, the faid Aft of the Thirty firft Year aforefaid, with the faid additional Bounty therein mentioned, was by Miftake revived from the faid Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and five, and continued for and during the further Term of Seven Years, inftead of continuing the faid Bounty of One Shilling and Six pence per Cafk or Veffel fo given and granted by the faid Aft of the Forty third Year aforefaid : And whereas by another Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign aforefaid, intituled An Ad for extending the Bounty no<wpayable on Pilchards exported to the Weft Indies Indies or Mediterranean to Pilchards exported to any Parts beyond the Seas, the fame Bounties are allowed for every Cafk of Pilchards or Scads, containing Thirty two Gallons or upwards, exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any Foreign Parts as are payable on Pilchards or Scads duly (hipped and exported to any of the Britijh Weft India lflands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterranean, in Calks of Thirty two Gallons or upwards : And whereas it is expedient to

* revive





Google

AD.i8ii.

*37

J*° GEO. HI.	C*4tt	43,44*

4 revive the fad Bounty of One Shilling and Six pence fo given • and granted by the laid Ad of the Forty third Year aforef&id, and 4 to extend the fame in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enabled by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice andConfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June Bounty of n.6d. One Toufand eight hundred and twelve, the faid Bounty of One per c/flc grimed Shffling and Six pence, given and granted by the faid A& of the by 43 ti.3* c.69. Forty third Year of the Reign aforelaid, for every Calk or VefTel of revived and FSchards containing Fifty Gallons, which fhall be duly exported to commued* Foreign Parts, (hall be and ^he fame is hereby revived, and fhall remain and continue m force until and upon the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and fhall, together with the other Bounties by the faid laft mentioned A6t granted or allowed on Pilchards exported, be extended in due Proportion to and paid and allowed for all Pilchards which fhall during that time be lapped and exported in Calks of Thirty two Gallons or upwards to foreign Parts.

CAP. XLIII.

An Aft for increafing the Rates of Subfiftcnce to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[20th April 1812.]

\Tke Rates are the fame as 51 G. 3. c. 28. Continuance of A3 from 24/A March 1812, till 25th March 1813.]

CAP. XLIV.

An Aft for the Ereftion of a Penitentiary Houfe for the Confinement of Offenders convi&ed within the City of London and County of Middlefex; and for making Compenfation to Jeremy Bentham Efquire, for the Non-performance of an Agreement between the faid Jeremy Bentham and the Lords Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Treafury, refpe&ing the Cuftody and Maintenance of Convicts.

[20th April 1812.]

*	TT7HEREAS an Aft paffed in the Nineteenth Year of the *9 G.3. c.74. 4 W Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 to explain

4 and amend the Laws relating to the Tranfportation, Imprifonment9 4 and other Pvnijhment of certain Offenders : And whereas another

*	Aft paffed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent 340.3,

*	Majefty, intituled An Ad for ereSing a Penitentiary or Penitentiary

4 HoufcSf for confining ana employing Convids: And whereas Pe- v 4 nitentiary Houfes have not yet been erefted; but certain Lands 4 and Premifes have been purchafed of the Moft Honourable the ' Marquis of Sali/lvry, at Militant f near Tothill Fields, and a Con-4 veyance thereof made to Jeremy Bentham Efquire, under the Au-1 tbority of the faid laft recited Aft ; and the fame thereby became 1 refted in the faid Jeremy Bentham, as Feoffee, for the Purpofes

*	of the laid Aft s And whereas it is expedient that a feparate Pe-

*	atdtiary Houfe ihould be built, for the Purpofe of confining

« Offenders

t^.ooQle



Appointment of Supervisors.

Lands purchafed vefted in His Msjefty.

Supervisors to ere& Penitentiary Houfe.

34G3.C.84.

4 Offender copvi&ed pf traofportable Offence* \*ithin tie Citj 9$

4 London and the County Afyddlefcx only, or capitally convift^j 4 within the faidj City and the faid County, and pardoned on Coo*

4 dition of being confined under this Aft, upon the (aid Ground an<|

4 PremiXes fi> putchafed and veiled in the faid Jerpny Benthajn if 4 afore(ajdMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefiy that it may enafted; and be it enabled by the King’s Mo ft Excellent Majefiy^ by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temf, poral, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by th^ Authority of the fan^e, That it (hall and ojay be lawful for ^ Majefiy to appoint Three Perfons to carry into Execution the Pur- \ pofe of this Aft, and to be Supervifors of the Houfe and Buildings j to be crewed in purfuance thereof, and from time to time to remote them or any of them, and appoint others in the Room of fuch as (hall be fo removed, or (hall die or refign their Truft; and to allow fuck Supervifors fuch Compenfation for their Expences, occafioned by the Difcharge of their Duty, as His Majefiy (hall deem reafonable, to be paid From time to time by Warrants from the Commiflioneri of His Majesty’s Treafury or the High Treafurer for the time being.

II.	And be it further enafted, That as foon as fuch Supervifors (hall be fo appointed as aforefaid, all the Lands, Houfes, Buildings, Tenements and Premifes fo purchafed by the faid Jeremy Bentkamt or now vefted in him for the Purpofe of the faid Aft of the Thirty fourth Year aforefaid, (hall veft abfolutely, and without any Coar veyance or Afiignmept thereof, in His Majefiy, his Heirs and Suc-ceffors, for the Ufe of the Public and the Purpofes of this A A, free from all Incumbrances created by the faid Jeremy Bent bam or any Perfon claiming under him.

III.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Supervifors, by the Dire&ion and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord High Treafurer for the time being, or any Three or more of the Commiffioners of the Treafury for the time being, to ereft or caufe to be erefted, or contraft and agree with any Perfon or Perfons for the erefting fuch Houfe and other Buildings as (hall be expedient and neceflary for the Purpofes aforefaid, and to do all fuch other Matters and Things as may be neceflary for carrying this Ad into Execution.

4 IV. Afld whereas a Propofal was made in the Year One thou-* fandfeven hundred and ninety two, by the aforefaid Jeremj Bentbam}

4 to contraft with the Lords Commiffioners of the Treafury for the 4 Management of One thoufand Male Convifts in a National Pe-f nitentiary Houfe to be erefted by the faid Jeremy Bentbam for that 4 Purpofe ; and Articles of Agreement, founded on fuch Propofal,

4 were prepared and approved of on Behalf of the faid Lords Com-4 mtffioners of the Treafury, in whom Powers were vefted by the 4 Aft of the Thirty fourth Year of His prefent Majefiy above re-4 cited, to conclude fuch Contrafts and Agreements for the Ereftion 4 of National Penitentiary Houfes under the faid Aft, as they (hould 4 deem neceflary and expedient; but fuch Articles of Agreement 4 have never been executed : And whereas the faid Jeremy Bentbam 4 was appointed Feoffee of the Lands above mentioned under the faid 4 Aft, with a View to the Ereftion of a National Penitentiary 4 Houfe under the faid Contraft, and has been authorized and en-4 couraged to take Meafures for carrying fuch intended Agreement

* into

v^ooQle

AD .ft ft.

*39

$4‘‘GE0.'IfL

into Effe&, and received an Advance df Two thoufand Pounds in the Year One thouftnd feven hundred Sind ninety four for that Purpofe; and the fard Jeremy Bentham dates himfelf to have expended large Sums 6f Money over and above the faid Sum of Two thoufand Pounds, in making Preparations for the Performance of the laid Agreement on his Part, with refpeA to the Plan of the (aid intended Building, the Employment to be therein given to Coorifts, and the Sydem of Management thereunto to be adapted, and to have transferred, and with Enlargements adapted to the Objed df fuch Preparations, an extenfive Sydem of Mechanical Works, of the Invention Of his Brother, Brigadier General Samuel Btnlbam, to whom the fame were fecured by divers Patents, and wbereon a Capital to a condderable Amount, produced by the Sale of divers Edates, had been expended, from which, by reafon of fuch Transference, no Advantage thereafter could nor can now be reaped ; and it is alfo dated by the faid Jeremy Bentham, that the faid Brigadier General Bentham has relinquilhed in his Favour fuch Compenfation as the faid Samuel Bentham might be entitled to in refpeft of the Matters aforefaid: And whereas it is not now deemed expedient that fuch Contradt with the faid Jeremy Bentham ihonld be carried into Effedl, but it is juft and reasonable that the laid Jeremy Bentham fhould be paid the Sums fo by him expended and fhould moreover receive a liberal Compenfation for all Lofs and Damage by him and the faid Samuel Bentham fuftained by Teafon of the Non fulfilment thereof, deducing from fuch Claims any Profits which he may have derived from the Lands of which he has been in Poffeffion as Feoffee under the Appointment mentioned above Be it therefore ena&ed, That Two Perfons (hall Arbitrators far be chofeu Arbitrators for the Purpofe of fettling all Queftions be- fettlingQueftions tween the Public and the faid Jeremy Bentham, arifing out of the faid	liTnt^

Agreement of intended Agreement, one of whom (hall be chofen by the faid Lords Gommidioners of the Treafury, and the other by the laid Jeremy Bentham ; and if the Arbitrators fo chofen fhould not be able to agree on their Award upon the Points referred to them, within Six Months after the faid Arbitrator on the Part of the faid Lords Commiffioners of the Treafury (hall be chofen and notified to the faid Jeremy Bentham, that then and in fuch cafe the faid Arbitrators (hall name a Third Perfon, whofe Decilion thereupon (hall be final ; and that the faid Lords Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Treafury are hereby empowered and required to iffue out of the Consolidated Fund, by Warrant figned by any Three or more of them, the Net Sum fo awarded to the faid Jeremy Bentham, within One Month after the faid Award (hall have been made; and in the mean Time the laid Lords Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Treafury, or any Three of them, are hereby authorized and directed to iffue and pay Net fach Annual Sum as.may appear to them to be equal to the Net Annual Profit of the faid Lands in the Hands of the faid Jeremy Bent-ham : Provided always, that in cafe the making of fuch Award (hall be delayed beyond Twelve Months after the palling of this A£t, owing to any Neglect or Default on the Part of the faid Jeremy Bntbam, no further Payment (hall he made to the faid Jeremy Bentham until fuch Award (hall be made.

V.	And be it further enadted, That th< r ‘1 " *r	°-----

Two of them, (hall contract with proper

240	&44*

52* GEO. III.	A.D.tSi	2*

Penitentiary	Penitentiary Houfe, together with the feveral Buildings and In-

Houfe.	dofure8 thereto belonging, and ihall fuperintend the Eregion of fuch

Houfe and Buildings, and the due Performance of fAch Contrafks as (hall be entered into touching the fame ; and the faid Penitentiary Houfe (hall be made fufficiently large to contain fuch Number of Con* vidb as the Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department (hall approve, not exceeding Three hundred Male Convi6ts. and the like Number of Female Convi&s; and fuch Houfe, or the Buildings and Inclofure thereunto belonging, (hall contain proper Storehoufes, WarehoufeB, Work* Rooms and Lodging Rooms, an Infirmary, a Chapel and Burying Ground, a Prifon divided into airy Apartments, a Kitchen Garden, and alfo proper Airing Grounds, Yards, Offices, and other neceflary Apartments for the feveral Officers and Servants hereinafter dire&ed to be appointed: Provided always, that before any fuch Contra&s (hall be made or entered into by the faid Super-vifors, the Plan of fuch Houfes and Buildings, with the Eftimates of the Expence of ere&ing the fame, (hall belaid before and approved of by the Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department. Appointment of VI. And be it further ena&ed, That when the faid Penitentiary Committee of Houfe (hall be ready, or partly ready for the Reception of Offenders, Management. it (hall and may be lawful for His Majesty, in his Privy Council, to nominate and appoint any (it and difereet Perfons, not being lefs than Ten nor more than Twenty in Number, as and for a Committee to fuperintend the faid Houfe for the Term of One Year then next en-fuing, or until a fre(h Nomination or Appointment (hall take place; and from time to time to remove all or any of the Perfons compofing the faid Committee, and appoint others in their Stead, or in the Stead of fuch as (hall die or refign.

Committee to VII. And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful make Bye-Laws, for fuch Committee, or any Three of them, to hold Meetings, and Rules, &c. to make Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the a (Tern-bling of the faid Committee, and for all Matters relating tothe Meetings of the fame, as well as for the Government of the faid Penitentiary' Houfe, and for receiving, feparating, clafiing, dieting, clothing, maintaining, employing, reforming, managing, treating and watching all Offenders during their refpe&ive Confinement therein, as to the faid Committee (hall feem juft and proper P Provided however, that fuch Bye-Laws, Rules and Orders (hall not begin to have Force until they have been fubmitted to the Juftices of the Court of King’s Bench, and fuch Juftices (hall have fubferibed a Declaration that they do not fee any thing contrary to Law in the faid Bye-Laws, Rules and Orders fo to be made as afore faid; and all fuch Bye-Laws, Rules and Orders fo to be made, (hall be afterwards added to or altered from time to time a9 often as the faid Committee (hall think neceflary, and fuch Additions and Alterations (hall alfo in like manner be fubmitted to the Juftices of the Court of King’s Bench, and confirmed in manner aforefaid.

Appointment VTU. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful of Vifitor. for fuch Committee, or any Three of them, at any of their faid Meetings, to appoint any One or more of their faid Members to vifit the faid Houfe during the Intervals between the Meetings of the faid Committee, and to delegate, if they (hall think fit, Power to fuch Vifitors or any of them to make any Order or give any Dire&ionsin cafe3 of prefling Emergency within the faid Houfe, which might be

made



Google

AJ).i8i2.

*4*

52° GEO. W.	C.44.

aadc or given by the faid Committee if they were fitting • provided that every fuch Order or Direction, together with the Circumftances by which the fame was occafioned, (hall be reported to the laid Committee at their next Meeting.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That, for the Regulation and Appointment of Management of fuch Penitentiary Houfe, and previoufly to the open- ^®cer*>

ing thereof for the Reception of Offenders, there fhall be ele&ed and appointed by the faid Committee, a Governor, a Chaplain, a Surgeon or Apothecary, a Storekeeper, and alfo for that Portion of the Honfo fet apart for Female Convi&s, a Matron, together with fuch Tafkmafters and other Officers, Affiftants and Servants, as the faid Committee, with the Approbation of the faid Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, fhall judge neceifary 5 and lucb Tiflunaflers, Officers, Servants and Affiftants fhall from time to time be removeable by any Order of the faid Committee; and when any Vacancy fhall happen, new Tafkmafters, Officers, Servants or Al-fiftants fhall be ele&ed by the fame Authority; and fuch Salaries, and other Allowances fhall be made to the faid Tafkmafters, Officers,

Servant* and Affiftants as the faid Committee fhall think proper, fobbed nererthelefs to fuch Approbation as aforefaid; and alfo fuch of them from whom the faid Committee may deem it proper to require Security for the due and faithful Execution of their Offices, fhall give fuch Security accordingly as the faid Committee from time to time fhall dire&.

X.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further ena&ed, That it fhall Committee may be lawful for the faid Committee from time to time, with fuch Ap- oScer*!"^* ^ probation as aforefaid, to increase, diminifh, difeontinue or vary the cers*

Number of Officers to be appointed for the faid Houfe in purfuance

of the Dire&ions aforefaid, except by taking away or difeontinuing any of the Offices of Governor, Matron, Chaplain, and Surgeon or Apothecary, to the fame.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Governor of fuch Pe- Governor to be nrtenUary Houfe fhall be a Body Corporate, and fhall fue and be fued a ^°r‘

by the Name of ** The Governor of the Penitentiary Houfe for Lon- lx>ratc* dob and Middle sex.”

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Governor fhall alfo Governor em-

bave Paprer^o make Contra&s with any Perfons whomfoever, for the	Cloth"

Clothing, Diet and all other Neceflaries for the Maintenance and Sup- ingj 9;^ &c< ' port of the Offenders confined in fuch Houfe, for Implements or neceflary for Materials of any Kind of Manufa&ure, Trade or Myftery in which Offender*. Offenders confined in fuch Houfe (hall be employed, fuch Contra&s

being previoufly approved by the Committee ; and alfo to carry on fuch Manufa&ure and Myftery in fuch Houfe, and to fell fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as fhall be there wrought and manu-fedured; and the Governor of every fuch Penitentiary Houfe fhall caufcall Accounts touching the Maintenance of fuch Houfe and the Accounts Offenders therein, to be entered regularly in a Book or Books to be entered, kept for that Purpofe; and alfo the Governor and Storekeeper fhall Duty of Store-each keep feparate Accounts of all fuch Stock and Materials as fhall keeper and be brought into fuch Houfe.for employing fuch Offenders, and fuch '^iknufter. Stock 3nd Materials fhall from time to time be delivered out by the bid Storekeeper as Occafion fhall require to the feveral Tafkinafters, vto (hall refpe&ively give Receipts to fuch Storekeeper for the and (hall diftribute the fame amongft the feveral Offenders to

be





242	C.44.	5a0	GEO.	Ilf-

Book* to be examined.

Committee may examine upon Oath, and may difmiis Offender for Fraud or *ollufiea.

be employed in working thereon 5 and fuch Taflonafters or 1 &ffiftant8 (hall conflantly fuperintend the Work of thefaid Offesi -aad take an Account of every NegleCt of Work or other Mifi viour, and likewife of any extraordinary Diligence or good Behan in any of fuch Offenders, and from time to time (hall report the | to the Governor, who (hall caufe the fame to be entered in a Si to be kept for that Purpofe; and fuch Tafkmafter (hall alfo keep 4 counts of the Quantities daily worked by the feveral Offeoden,! (hall return the Materials, when wrought and manufactured, tol Storekeeper, who (hall give Receipts to the Tafkmaffer fori fame, ana (hall from time to time, with the Privity and Appro! of the Governor, fell and difpofe thereof, and pay the Money# from fuch Sales to the Governor, who (hall be accountable i fame to the Committee, in manner hereinafter mentioned; j faid Governor and Storekeeper (hall keep feparate Accounts tfl Materials fo wrought, manufactured, fold and difpofed of, sad j feveral Sums of Money for which the fame (hall be fo fold, and 1 fold, and to whom, in Books to be provided for thofe Purpofet..

XIII.	And be it further enaCted, That the faid feveral Boobl be kept by the faid Governor and Storekeeper, and the fevenl tries therein, (hall be examined by the faid Committee, and (ha by them compared with the feveral Receipts and other Vond and (hall be verified by fuch Governor and Storekeeper upon C if required, before fuch Committee, and (hall, if approved of by Committee, be allowed and figned by any Three of them; m fuch Committee (hall difapprove of any Articles in fuch Acc« they (hall difallow the fame.

XIV.	And be it further enaCted, That if the faid Committed fufpeCt any fraudulent or improper Charges in any of fuch Acc* of the (aid Governor or Storekeeper, or any Omifiion them they may examine upon Oath the faid Governor, Storekeepei any of the Officers or Servants belonging to fuch Houfe, or a# the Perfons employed about the fame, or any P’erfons of **ho« Neccffaries, Stock, Materials or other Things have been purch for the Ufe of fuch Houfe, or any Perfons to whom any Stoe Materials wrought or manufactured therein, have been fold, or of the Offenders confined in fuch Penitentiary Houfe, or any € Perfons, touching any of the Articles contained in fuch Account any Omifiion thereout, or any thing relative thereto ; and in there (hall appear in any fuch Accounts any falfe Entry, knowi or wilfully made, or any fraudulent Omifiion thereout, or any c Fraud whatfoever, or any Collufion between any Officer or Ofi or Servants belonging to fuch Houfe, or between any fuch 0 or Officers, Servant or Servants, and any other Perfon or Pei in any Matter relative thereto, then, beiides the private Satisfi in Damages which the Parties or Party injured may be entitk recover by Law, the faid Committee may diiraifs any fuch Oififl Officers who (hall to them appear to have been guilty of any falfe Entry, Omifiion, Fraud or Collufion, and appoint anoibe others in his, her or their Stead ; and if the faid Committee ihall fit, they (hall cauie an Indictment or Indictments to be prrfc again (I the Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants fo offending the next Quarter or other General Seflion of thq Peace to be bo for the County, Riding, Liberty, Divifion, City, Corporate

11	1



D. i£iz»

*43

$2° GEO. HI*	C	44.

ce wherein filch Penitentiary Houfe fhall be fituatfcd, Ar for any cr adjoining County; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfois fo in-ted (ball be found guilty of fuch Offence or Offences, he, fhe or :y (ball be pnnifhed by Fine and Imprisonment, or either of them, the Difcretion of the Court.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed; That when the Penitentiary Houfe rrembefone dire&ed to be built, or a Sufficient Part thereof, (hall be .ted and completed for the Reception of Offenders, and proper Offi-n (hall be appointed for the Care and Management thereof, the Said ammittee (hail certify, under their Hands and Seals, to His Ma ly, through the faid Principal Secretary of State for the Home ^nrtxnent, that fuch Houfes are. So fitted and completed, and that h Officers have been appointed ; and after the making of Such rtificate it (hall and may be lawful for His Majelly, with the ivice of His Privy Council, to order that any Perfon who (hall be His Majcfty’s Gaol of Newgate, fentenced to Tranfportation for p Offence committed within the City of London or the County of wUlefcx, or capitally convicted for any Crime committed within City or County, and pardoned by Hi9 Majesty upon the odition of being confined under this AS., to be removed to and wiibiied within the faid Penitentiary Houfe for and during any nanot exceeding Five Years, in cafe fuch Offender (hall have been enced to be tranfported for Seven Years only ; for any Term not reding Seven Years, in cafe he or (he (hall have been fo fentenced Fourteen Years; and for a Term not exceeding Ten Years, in fuch Offender (hall have received Sentence of Transportation Life, or (hall have been capitally convicted.

IVL And be it further enabled. That all Fees on the delivering of Cuftody of any fuch Offender fo ordered to be removed, as 1 ufually been paid and would have been due to the Keeper of the Gaol of Newgate in cafe fuch Offender had been removed in t to have been tranfported, and all reafonable Expences which (aid Keeper (hall incur in every fuch Removal, (hall be paid by faid City of London or County of Middhfex, for which the Court hich the Offender was convicted (hall have been held ; and the per (ball receive the Money due for fuch Fees and Expences from JTreafurer of the faid City or County, fuch Fees and Expences I firft allowed by the Order of the Juitices of the Peace at their rter or other General Seffions of the Peace, who are hereby re-tl to make fuch Order at (hall be ^uft in that Behalf.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That after Delivery of any fuch sder as aforefaid into the Cuftody to which he or (he (hall be fo ted as aforefaid, fuch Governor or other Perfon having the of Offenders under his Direction (hall, during the Term for h bach Offender (hall be ordered to remain in his Cuftody, have ime Powers over fuch Offender as are incident to the Office of a iff or Gaoler; and in cafe of any Abufe of fuch Cuftody, or r Mifbebaviour or Negligence in the Difcharge of his Office, be liable to the fame Punifhment as a Gaoler is now liable to by

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That when any Offender who be ordered to be confined in fuch Penitentiary Houfe (hail be thither in purfuance of the Powers contained in this Act, he befcallbe feparately lodged and wafhed, clean fed and purified, .5* Geo. III.	R	and



Google

Committee to certifv to Secretary of State when InchHoufe Ihall he til for Recept ion of Offenders.

Gaoler's Fees and Expences of Removal how paid.

Power of Governor.

Offenders, when

brought, to be lepar. tely lodged and walhed, and cx *

244

C.44*

5a» GEO. III.

A. D. >8it

amine d by Surgeon.

When H‘f* charged lurmlh-ed with decent Clothing.

Allowances.

Keeping Offend-eri to Ljhour.

Offenders how 1 xlged.

Hours of Work,

Rewards.

and (hall then be examined by the Surgeon or Apothecary, and U continue in fuch feparate Lodging until it be certified by fuch M geon or Apothecary that he or (he is fit to be received amoogtM other Convi&s ; and the Clothes in which he or fhe (hall tbn m clothed (hall be burnt if neceffary, or otherwise (hall be fold and ft] pofed of at the Diferction of the Governor, and the Produce theurf] (hall be accounted for to the Committee aforefaid : and fuch OB' der (hall not be difrnillcd at the End or other Determination of It Term, unlcfs at his own Requeft, if he fhall then labour under* acute or dangerous Diitemper, nor until he can be fafety difcharget| and when fuch Offender fhall be finally difeharged, fuch other Clothing as fhall be judged neceffary and proper by the Com** aforefaid, fhall be delivered to fuch Offender, and alfo fuch $oa# Money for his or her immediate Subfiftence, as the faid Comoittf fhall think proper, fo as fuch Sum fhall not exceed Three Pouofty and if fuch Offender at the End or other Determination of hisorhi Term, fhall procure any reputable Mailer of a Ship, or TradefaR or other fubftantial Houfekeeper, to take him or her into Service,! provide him or her with proper Employment, for One Year thcoa^ enfuing, the fame to be approved by the Committee aforefaid, be* fhe, having fervid accordingly, (hall be entitled at the End of# Year to fuch other Sum of Money, not exceeding the HkeStfiJ Three Pounds, as the faid Committee fhall think fit.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That every fuch Gor the faid Penitentiary Houfe fhnll during the Term for which! Offender fhall remain in fuch Cullody, keep him or hertoLabc of fuch Kind as the Committee before mentioned (hall diiedf appoint ; and if the Work to be performed by any fuch (

(hall be of fuch a Nature as may require pretioua Inflnidion, pit# Perfons fhall be provided to give the fame by Order of the fed CoS mittee, to whom a fuitable Allowance fhall be made.	*

XX.	And be it further enacted, That fuch Offenders u (hill fent to the faid Penitentiary Houfe fhall, during the Hours of U hour, be feparated from each other, or fhall work together in M panics compofed of more or fewer Perfons in Number, m fuchm«i( as the Bye-Laws eflablifhed as aforefaid by the Committee fhaHjt feribe; and that all Offenders not confined in the Infirmity M during their Hours of Reft, be kept entirely feparate and apart fil each other, and be lodged in feparate Rooms or Cfetls.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That fuch Offenders (ha8 employed in Work at the faid Penitentiary Houle every Day ill Year, except Sundays, Chnflmat Day and Go*/ Friday, and I except fuch Days when ill Health will not allovr of their worki and the Hours of Work in each Day (hall be as many as the Sd of the Year, with an Interval of Half an Hour far Broakftfi mil Hour for Dinner will permit, but not exceeding Eight Hours »■ Months of November, Deeember and January; Nine Hoorah ft Months of February and October, and Ten Houis in the reft rfft Year: Provided always, that it fhall and may be lawfol for the M Committee, by a written Order, to permit any Prifoner to laM voluntarily for a longer time than is herein me itioned, upon ■ Conditions as fhall in tne faid Order be expreffed.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed That it flu 11 be lawful fcr®

faid Committee to allow to any of the Offenders confined in theft

• *	.	P«



LD. itiv

*45

j2°GEO. ifl.	C.44.

Penitentiary Houfc, as a Reward and Encouragement, any Part or

Portion of the Profits anting from their Labour not exceeding fuch Proportion thereof as (hall be approved of and allowed by the faid Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department 5 to be expended u fuch manner, and fubje& to fuch Regulations as the f^id Committee Hull dire& and appoint.

XXiJI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the Dividing OflW-feverai Offenders to be fent to the faid Penitentiary Houfe (hall be flri mt0 CUflei. divided into Two Gaffes, which (hall be called the Firft and Second Chiles; for which Purpofe the Time for which fuch Offenders (hall be femally ordered to be confined (hall be divided into Two equal Puts, and during the Firft Part of the Time of the Imprifonment, he or fire Hull be ranked in the Firft Oafs ; and during the Second Part of fuch time, he or (lie (hall be ranked in the Second Clafs; and the Confinement of fuch Offenders as (hall from time to time be ranked in the Firff Clafs (hall be more ftri&, and the Confine-mrst of the Offenders in the Second Clafs (hall be more moderate ; which feveral Degrees of Confinement fo to be affixed to each Clafs fell be fettled by the faid Committee, by Orders of Regulation to be approved of in manner afore faid, but not fo as to defeat or elude the fpecial Rules or Proyifions made and appointed by this A&:

Provided always, that if the faid Committee (hall at any time obferve Ptovifo «r be fatisfa&orily informed of any extraordinary Diligence or Merit in any of the faid Offenders who are ranked in the faid Firft Clafs, it (bail be hwful for the faid Committee to order fuch Offender to be transferred to the Second Clafs, although fuch Offender may not have completed the Period of his or her Imprifonment in the faid ,

Firft Clafe.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if the faid Committee Committee to (hall at any time obferve or be fatisfe&orily informed of any extraor- re^rjOffend«rs dinary Diligence or Merit in any of the Offenders under their Infpec- ftft°extraordi-U tion, who mall be ranked in the faid Second Clafs of Offenders, the nary Diligence. Committee (hall report the fame in Writing to the Principal Secretary

of State for the Home Department, in order that he may recommend fnch Offender to His Majesty as an Obje& of tlie Royd Mercy, in inch Degree and on fuch Conditions as to him (hall feem meet.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed. That every Offender who (hall Offender* he ordered to fuch Penitentiary Houfe (hall, during the time of his

or her Confinement therein, be fed and fuftained with a fufficient

Quantity of coarfe but wholefome Food ; and alfo be clothed with

a cearfe and uniform Apparel, with any diftinguifhing Marks which

nay be deemed ufeful to facilitate Difoovery in cale of Efeape6;

the Whole to he ordered in fuch manner as the Committee aforefaid

Hull from time to time appoint for thofc Purpofes: And no fuch Supplying Of-

O&oder (hall, during the time of his or her Confinement, be per- fe£derJl3I?

nitted to have any other Food, Drink or Clothing, than fuch as (hall clothing. W

be fo appointed; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall wilfully fupply

acy fuch Offender, at any time during the Term of his or her Con-

feemest, with any Food, Drink or Clothing, other than fuch as (hall

be fo appointed, or with any Money, he or file fo fupplying fuch

Ofoder, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Pounds, nor lefs than Forty Shillings.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed. That no Perfon, except the None but Off-

Qfcn, AfJtats or Servants of the Houfe, or fuch Perfon or Per- ccrs to enter R 2	fens	Apartments.



A.D.i8ii,

246

C,44*

52* GEO. III.

Governor may employ Offenders »s Servants.

Officers or Servants fupplying Offender with Money, &c. contrary to Aft.

ions as (hall be authorized according to the Regulation* eftabli(hcd by the faid Committee, (hall be permitted any time to enter any of the Apartments or Court Yards allotted to the Prifoners, or to hold Converfation or Communication with any fuch Offenders.

XXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Governor of the faid Houfe to employ, with the Confent of the faid Committee, any of the Offenders afore-faid, who (hall be ranked in the Second Ckfs as Servants, Overfeers or Affiftants, in the Management of the Works and the Care of their Fellow Prifoners, inftead of being confined to fuch their Daily Labour as aforefaid.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Officer or Semot of fuch Penitentiary Houfe (hall fupply any of the Offenders therein with any Money, Clothing, Provifions or Diet, or with any Spin-tuons Or other liquors whatfoever, except fuch Money, Clothing, Provifions or Diet, or fuch Water and Milk, as the Governor of the Houfe (hall from time to time permit or dire&, and except fuch Diet and Liquors as the Surgeon or Apothecary attending fuch Houfe (hall think proper to order for any fuch Offenders in cafe of Illnefs; and in cafe any fuch Officer or Servant fhall be found guilty of carrying to any fuch Offender, or of knowingly permitting to be carried to any fuch Offender, any Money, Clothing, Provifions or Diet, or Liquors whatfoever, contrary to the Intent of this Aft, fuch Officer or Servant fhall immediately be fufpended by the faid Governor, who (hall report the fame to the Committee at their next Meeting; and fuch Committee (hall enquire thereof upon Oath, and fhall puniffi fuch Officer or Servant by Forfeiture of Office, by any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, and by Imprifonmeut for any Term not exceeding Six Months, or by any one or more of fuch Punilhments as the faid Committee (hall in their Difcretion think proper.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted. That the Chaplain (hallread Morning and Evening Prayers in the Chapel of fuch Penitentiary

£venmgPr.»yers, Houfe, and preach a Sermon both Morning and Evening, on every ^rmonson	^un^ay in the	Year, and alfo	on every Chriflmas Day and Good Fri-

erm	1	day ; and all	the Offenders confioed in fuch Houfe, who (hall not

be difabled by Illnefs, (hall attend the faid Prayers and. Sermons, which (hall alfo be attended by the Refident Officers and by the Servants of fuch Houfe, or fuch of them as can be fpared from their feveral	Employments,	and fhall not be prevented by Illnefs;

and the faid	Chaplain (hall	vifit fuch Offenders, under fuch Regu-

lations as may hereafter be preferibed by the faid Committee, for their moral and religious Education, as well as for their Inftruftioa in Reading and Writing,

XXX.	And be it further enafted. That the Offenders ordered to be confined in fuch Penitentiary Houfe fhall be permitted to walk and air themfelves in the Airing Yards or Grounds belonging.thereto, for fuch ftated time as their Health may require, and the Governor, under the Direftion of the Committee, (hall permit.

XXXL And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any fuch Offender (hall appear to be lick, he or (he (hall be vifited by the Surgeon or Apothecary attending fuch Houfe, and if the Sicknefs be found to be real, the faid Surgeon or Apothecary fhall report the fame to the Governor, who (hall, if the Sicknefs be of fuch a Nature as to require it, order fuch Offender, to be fent to the Infirmary belonging

Penalty, &c.

Chaplain to read Morning and

Sundays, See.

Offenders to walk and air themfelves.

Offenders when Cck, vifited by Surgeon ; and if necefiary fent to Infirmary.



Google

jLD. 1812.

52* GEO. III.	,C-44*	*47

to fuch Houfe, and to be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe as fick; and when fuch Offender fhall have fo far recovered his or her Health, as that the faid Surgeon or Apothecary fhall judge him or her in a proper Condition to quit the Infirmary, and to return to his or her Employment, and the faid Apothecary fhall fo report, the faid Governor fhall order fuch Offender to be brought back to bis or her Lodging Room, and to be again employed in Labourfo far as fhall be confident with the Health of fuch Offender.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Committee, at Committee » ' every Meeting, at which Three of them at the lead fhall be prefent, examine State of Hall inquireicto the State of fuch Hpufe, and fhall once at lead in Houfe, and i»-eyery Month, fee every Offender confined there and not difabled by Accoums-Sicknefs ; and fhall infpe& the Accounts of the Governor and Storekeepers, and alfo examine the Conduct and Management of fuch

Houfe, and the Behaviour of the Officers thereof, and of the Offenders confined therein.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That the Governor of fuch Governor em-Penitentiary Houfe fhall have Power to hear all Complaints touching powered to hear any of the following Offences ; that i9 to fay, Difobedience of any of Complaints, the Orders of the Houfe; Affaults by one Perfon confined in luch

Houfe upon another, when no dangerous Wound or Bruife is given j

profane Curling and Swearing, or indecent Behaviour; Abfenpe from

Chapel, or irreverent Behaviour there ; and Idleness or Negligence

in Work, or wilful Mifmanagement of it; all \vhich are declared to

be Offences by this A& ; and the faid Governor may examine any

Perfons touching fuch Offences, and may determine thereupon, and

may punifh fuch Offences by ordering the Offenders to clofe Confine-	*

raent in a dark Cell, or by keeping them upon Bread and Water only,	►	-

for any Term not exceeding Three Days.

XXXIV.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any Offender who Enormous Of-

fhall be confined in any fuch Penitentiary Houfe, fhall, during the fenders confined Tenn for which he fhall be fo confined, be guilty of any Onencp by Gov«*nor, which the Governor of fuch Houfe is not hereby authorized to	**

punifh, or for which the Punifhment which fuch Governor is U0IIlm, ee* hereby authorized to infli& fhall by fuch Governor be deemed not	.

fufficient, by reafon of the Enormity of the Offenpe or the Repetition

thereof, fuch Governor may and he is hereby required to confine fuch Offender, either in his or her own Lodging Room, or in a darfc:

Cell belonging to fuch Houfe, till the next Meeting of the faid Committee, and fhall *hen report fuch Offence, with the time anjl particular Circumflances thereof, and the Name of the Offender, tp the faid Committee ; and fuch Committee fhall <have Power to enquire of, upon Oath, and determine concerning all fuch Offences fo reported to them as aforefaid, and fhall order fuch Offenders to be punifhe^ by clofe Confinement in a dark Cell, with Bread and Watey only for Suftenance, for any Term not exceeding One Month, or by	,

removing fuch Offenders, if ranked in the Second Clafs into the Firft Clafs, or by any or all of fuch Punifhments; and in cafe of Removal into the Firft Clafs, the Offender fhall from the time of making fuch Order of Removal, go through fuch Firft Clafs, unlefs he or ine be Hbred to the Second Clafs by Order of the Committee, or unleft the ’	"	’	*	*

Term of his or her Confinement fhall be previoufly completed.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed. That whenever by this A& Committee ihoy tk faid Committee or any Three of them, -are empowered or dire&ed adminifter

•	'	R3 ■ to °ath*



A.D.ifcu.

248

Penalty.

Governor to keep regular Books, and Returns to be made therefrom.

Reports laid before the King in Council, and Parliament.

Bye-Laws, &c. reported to the King in Council, and to Parliament.

Zxpences of executing A& laid before Houfe of Commons.

Ferfonsbreaking Prifon or efcap-io*

C.44;	52*	GEO.	in.

to make any Enquiry, or receive any Proof upon Oath, any One of the faid Committee is hereby authorized to tender and adminifter focb Oath 5 and any Three of the faid Committee may fummon or caufe to be fummoned fuch Witneffes as they fhall think meet to appear and give Evidence before them 5 and if any Perfon, being duly nun• moned, (hall refufe or negleft to appear, or being prefent and competent to be a Witnefs, fhall refufe to be fwom, or, being fwom, mall refufe to give Evidence, fuch Perfon (hall forfeit any Sum not lefs than Twenty Shillings nor more than Ten Pounds, at the Difcre-tion of the faid Committee.

XXXVI.	And be it further enadted, That the Governor of the faid Penitentiary Houfe (hall keep a regular Book or Books, in which (hall be entered the Names of all and every the Perfon or Perfons who (hall be in their Cuftody, the Offences of which they (hall have been guilty, the Court before which each Perfon was convi&ed, the Sentence of the Court, the Age, bodily Eftate and Behaviour of every fuch Convidt while in Cuftody; and alfo the Names of all and every the Perfon or Perfons who mall have died under fuch Cuftody, or (hall have efcaped from fucb Place of Confinement, or (hall have been difeharged from thence by Order from One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or otherwife; from which Books Returns (hall be made of the Particulars mentioned above, on the Firft Day of every Term, to His Majesty’s Court of King's Bench, and (hall be verified on the Oath of the Perfon making the fame.

XXXVII.	And be it further enadted, That the faid Committee (hall, at the Beginning of every Sellion, make a faithful Report to thte King in Council, and to both Houfes of Parliament, fpecifying the State of the Buildings, the Behaviour and Condudt of the relpec-tive Officers, the Treatment and Condition of the Prifoners, the

Amount of the feveral Earnings, and the Expences attending every fuch Place of Confinement; and alfo in Matters of extreme or j>rei-fincr Neceffity, (hall and may make a fpecial Report thereof to the Juftices of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, who (hall immediately take Order therein, and regulate or redrefs the fame.

XXXVIII.	And bfe it further ena&ed, That the faid Committee (hall report to His Majesty in Council, and to both Houfes of Parliament, all Bye-Laws, Rules or Regulations made under the Authority of this Adt, and all Alterations therein or Additions thereto, within Thirty one Days after the Commencement of the next Seflion of Parliament, after fuch Bye-Laws, Rules and Regulations, or Alterations or Additions, (hall have been confirmed by the Juftices of the Court of King’s Bench, as hereinbefore is directed.

XXXIX.	Ana be it further enadted, That an Account of the Expences of carrying this Adt into Execution, not hereinbefore fpe-fcially provided for, (hall be annually laid before the Houfe of Commons, and after deducting thereout the Net Profits, if any, arifing from the Earnings of the Offenders who (hall be confined irt the faid Houfe, the Remainder of fuch Expences (hall be provided for in the next Supplies to be granted to His Majesty by Parliament.

XL. And be it further enadted, That if any Perfon who (haD be ordered to be confined in the faid Penitentiary Houfe, (hall at any time during the Term of fuch Confinement, break Prifon, or efcape from the Place of his or her Confinement, or in his of her Conveyance to fuch Place of Confinement, or from the Perfon or Perfons having

the



AJ).i8t7.

fi'GEO. III.

a 44.

U9

the lawful Cuftody of fuch Offender, he or fhe fo breaking Prifon or efcapiog, fitaii be puni/hed by an Addition of Three Years to the Term for which be or (he at the time of his or her Breach of Prifon or Efcape was fobbed to be confined ; and if fuch Perfon fo punifhed PunifluMenr. by fuch Addition to the Term of Confinement, (haU afterwards be couvi&rd of a Second Efcape or Breach of Prifon, he or (he (hall be adjudged gnflty of Felooy, without Benefit of Clergy.

XLL And be it further ena&ed, Tliat if any Perfon (hall refcoe Perfons refaiin^ aay Ofoder who (hall be ordered to be confined within the faid °r attempting 10 ftsstentary Houle, either during the time of his or her Conveyance Offenders* totbefud Penitentiary Houle, or wbidft fuch Offender (hall be in the Gsftody of the Perfon or Perfons under vvhofe Care and Charge he tribe (hall be (o confined; or if any Pcrlon (hall be aidiug or affifting in any fuch Rrfcue, every fuch Perfon fo refeuing, aiding or affixing, (haU be guilty of Felony, and may be ordered to be confined to the faid Hcmfe for any Term not iefs than One Year, nor exceed-Five Years; aad if any Perfon, having the Cullody of any fuch Oifcaderas afbrefaid, or being employed by the Perfon having fuch Cnftody, as a Keeper, Underkeeper, Turnkey, Affiftant or Guard,

M voluntarily permit fuch Offender to efcape, or if any Perfon. vindoever (hall, by fupplying Arms, Took, or Iuftruments of Dif-gwfe, or otherwife be in any manner aiding and a Hitting to any fucii Offender m any Efcape, or in any Attempt to make an Efcape, though no Efcape be a&ually made, or (hall attempt to refeue any Itch Offender, or be aiding and affifting in any fuch Attempt, though bo Refeue be a&ually made, every fuch Perfon fo per-Mttiog, attempting* aiding or affifting, (hall be guilty of Felony; aid if any Ferion having fuch Cuftody, or being fo employed by the Perfon ktrieg fuch Cuftody as afore faid, (hall negligently permit any fuch Offender to efcape, fuch Perfon fo permitting (hall be Punifhment. piky of a Mifdemeanor, and being lawfully convicted of the fame, mall he liable to Fine or Imprisonment, or to both, at the Difcrelkm •f the Court.

• XJLII. And9 to the Intent that the Profecntions for Efcape6, Mode of Trial Breaches of Prifon and Rescues, may be carried on with as little Cooviction. Trouble and Expence as is pofiible, be it further enaded. That any Ofooder efcaping, breaking Prifon, or being refeued in manner afore-may and fhall be tried Wore the Jufticesof Oyer and lerminer or Gaol Delivery, or at the Great Seffions cither for the County' where lie or (be (haU Be apprehended mid retaken, or for the County in which the fad Offence (hall have been committed ; and in cafe of any Pro-fetation for any fuch Efcape, Attempt to Efcape, Breach of Pnfon sr Refeue, either agaioft the Offender efcaping or attempting to efcape, or having broke Prifon, or being refeued, or againft any other ftrioa or Perfons concerned therein, or aiding, abetting or affifting the fame, a Copy, properly attefted of the Order of Commitment to fuch Penitentiary Houle, (nail, after Proof made that the Perfon then in qaeftion before the Court is the fame that waB delivered with fuch Order, be fufficient Evidence to the Court and Jury that the Perfon tben in qveftion was fo ordered to fuch Confinement.

XLIIL And be it further enadfed, That any pecuniary Penalties RecoveryV crested by this A&, for the Recovery of which no Mode is herein- Penalties, before preferibed, (hail be recoverable before Two or more Jufticesof the Peace io the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty, Borough,

R 4	Town



2$0	C.44.. 52* GEO, III. A.D.
General I flue.	Town or Place in which the Offence (hall be committed, on Proof oj the Offence by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefl or Witneffes, or on Confeffion of the Offender; and One Moietjl thereof (hall be paid to the Ufe of the Penitentiary Houfe, and tal other Moiety to the Informer or Informers profecuting for the fame}! and in cafe of Nonpayment, (hall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale dfl the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hindi and Seals of fuch Juftices ; and the Overplus of the Money railed, after deducing the Penalty and the Expences of the Diftrefs and Sale, (hall be rendered to the Owner; and for Want of fufficient Diftrefs, the Offender (hall be fent by fuch Juftices to the Prifua of fuch County, Riding, Divifion, City, Borough, Town or Place* for fuch Term not exceeding Six Months, nor lefs than One Month,, as fuch Juftices (hall think mod proper.  XLIV. And be it further ena£ted, That if any Suit or Adion (hall be profecuted againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this Ad, fuch Perfon or Perfons may plead the Ge-neral Iffue, and give this Ad or the fpecial Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial, to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by the Authority of this Ad; and if a Verdid (hall pafs for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her or their Adion or Adions after Iffue joined, or if, on Demurrer, or otherwife, Judgment (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (hall recover
Treble Coda.	Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendants have by Law in other cafes ; and though a Verdid (hall be given for any Plaintiff in any fuch Adion or Suit as aforefaid, fuch Plaintiff (hall not have Cofts againft the Defendant, unlefs the Judge before whom the Trial (hall be, (hall certify his Approbation of the Verdid.
Limitation of  A&ions.	XLV. And be it further cnaded, That all Adions, Suits and Profecutions, to be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this Ad, (hall be laid and tried m the County or Place where the Fad was committed, and (hall be commenced within Six Months after the Fad committed, and uot otherwife.
Offenders may be removed.	XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That until Provifion (hall be made for the Confinement in Penitentiary Houfcs, of Offenders convided in other Parts of England and Wales than the City of London and County of Middlefexy and fentenced to Tranf-portation, or pardoned upon Condition of being confined in a Penitentiary Houfe, it (hall and may be lawful for His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to order any fuch Offender to be removed from any Gaol or Prifon in which he or (he (hall be confined, and to be imprifoned under the Provifions of this Ad, within the Penitentiary Houfe now to be ereded ; and any Fees which would have been due to the Gaoler or Keeper of fuch Gaol or Prifon, if fuch Offender had been removed in order to be tranfported, and all reafonablc Expences which (hall be incurred in every fuch Removal, (hall be paid by the City or County for which the Court in which the Offender was convided (hall have been held, in the manner in which fuch Fees and Expences are hereinbefore direded to be paid, in the cafe of the Removal of Offenders from His Majesty’s Gaol of ftwugate. .  - XLVII. And
	CjOO^Ic

AD.iBia.

5a® GEO. III.	C. 44,45.	-251

XLVII. And be it further ena&ed. That in all cafes where any Court* may fen-Court or Courts (hall think fit to fentence any Perfon or Perfons tence Offenders ronvi&ed before fuch Court or Courts of Felony without Benefit 10 hard Labour* >f Clergy, to linprifonment as or for the Punifhmcnt, or Part of the Pamfhtneflt for fuch Offence, fuch Court or Courts may, if they (hall think fit fo to do, moreover direct that the Perfon or Perfons (o convicted Aall during fuch Jmprifonment be kept to hard Labour. ,

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this A6t may be A&mayKs altered or amended by any A£t or Ads to be paffed in the prefect altereJ» &c* Sdfioti 0/ Parliament,

CAP. XLV.

An Act to fufpend the Exportation from Ireland to Parts beyond the Seas of Spirits made or diftilled in Ireland frorti Com or Grain, until the Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.	[5	th	May	1812.]

* XI HEREAS it is expedient that the Exportation, from Ire-4 V1 land to Parts beyorid the Seas of Spirits made in Ireland 4 from Corn or Grain fhould be prohibited for a time to be limited Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefly, by aod with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Eighth Day of Spirits made April One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and until and upon horn Corn ««-' the Thirty firft Day of December One thoufaud eight hundred and P°rted* twelve, it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to export, or to eater, or fhip for Exportation, from any Port or Place in Ireland to anj Parts beyond the Seas, any Spirits made or diftilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, and in cafe any fuch Spirits Ihall be exported or entered, or (hipped for Exportation from any Port or Place in Ireland to or for any Parts beyond the Seas, fuch	.	\

Spirits fo unlawfully exported or entered, or (hipped for Exportation, together with the Calks or Packages containing the fame, and alfo -the Ships, Boats or Veffels on board which the lame (hall be laden or exported (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer or Offi- Penalty, ctrs of Cuftoms or Excife; any Ad or Ads, Ufage or Cuftom, to the contrary notwiithftandng.

II. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the Lord Lieutenant Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland may Penn>t at ay time after the Firft Day of 08obcr One thoufand eight hun- s°irit^after dredand twelve, (hall in his or their Difcretion judge it to be for the Oft.ijiSiao Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called or continue * 7/vW, to permit the Exportation of fuch Spirits to Parts beyond Prohibition for the Seas, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for limited Time, the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of /rr-W(or the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, with the Advice of His Majesty’s Privy Council of Ireland, by any Proclamation or Proclamations to be iffued by and with the Advice	•

d the (aid Privy Council, or by Order in Council to be publilhed ktl* Dublin Gazette, to permit and iufftr all aitd every Perlon and Pafoas (hut not any particular Perfon or Perfons) at any time or than not Irfs than Thirty Days from the Date of fuch Proclamation F Order in Council, to export any Xucb Spirit? to Parts beyond the

Seas;



Google

25*

AD.il

Spirits (hipped before Apt il 12, i8i», mot (of fck«4»

Contracts for Spirits for Exportation void#

Central HUfe.

i)ooUe Coftfi

Penalties how levied.

C*45*

52* GEO. III.

Seas 5 or in cafe the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Gov^w Governors of Ireland at any time after the faid Firft Day of fl One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, (hall in his or their Di tion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part o United Kingdom called Ireland, further to continue the Prott of the Exportation of fuch Spirits from the (aid Thirty fed of December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve until ! Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, then and in (belt it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant ori Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, m and they is and are hereby authorifed, with the Advice of Ha: jefty’s Privy Council of Ireland, by any Proclamation or F lions to be ifiued by and with the Advice of the faid Privy or by Order in Council to be publifhed in the Dublin Gi continue throughout Ireland from the faid Thirty firft Dty cember One thoufand eight hundred and twelve until Forty Dajll the next Meeting of Parliament the Prohibition hereinbefore tioned ; that is to fay, that it (hall not be lawful for any Perfc Perfons to export, or to enter, or (hip for Exportation fro® i Port or Place ra Ireland to any Parts beyond the Seas, any * 1 made or diddled in Ireland from Com or Grain naked or non

III.	Provided alfo, and be k enaded, That nothing in tbai contained (hall extend ar be deemed or conftrued to extend to * any fnch Spirits exported from Ireland to any Ruts Seas, if k (hall be proved to the Satisfa&ion of the C bf Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland (fuch Proof befog the Judgment of them the faid Commimoners), that fuch Were a&ually (hipped lor fuch Exportation on or before the T> Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and * any Knowledge of the Proviftons of this A6t, by the Perfon fonsby whom foch Spirits were fo (hipped.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That fo i Perfon flrell tft any time before the paflmg of this Ad have k con traded to fell any fuch Spirits to be exported to Parti k the Seas, fuch Perfon fo having fold or coirtradcd to feQ Cacti I ♦hall not be compelled or compellable to perform or fulfil any Sale or Contrad, nor (hall fuch Perfon be Mile to may Danaj Breach of fuch Contrads, or for negie&ing or refufing to deliver fuch Spirks ; and m cafe any Adkm fhaU be brought any Perfon or Perfons for any Breach of fuch Centred, or gleding or refufing to fell or deliver fuch Spirits, the DefesA Defendants may friead the General IfToe, and at any Trial! had thereupon may give in Evidence this Ad and the fperiil ter, tod that fuch Sale and Delivery were prevented and pro! by the Authority of this Ad } and if the feme (hall appear ai ingly, then the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendant! in fuch cafe, Or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhtill become noil or fuffer a Difcontinuance of the Adion, the Defendant or 0 dants (hall have Double Cofts, and (hall have f jeh Remedy U Covering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants have or kd Cofts o? Suits in any other cafes by Law.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the Penalties and FoAl inftided by this Ad (hall and may be fued for and recovered, fe and applied, in fuch Moaner and Form, and by Inch ways and m

v^ooQle



4

253

52* GEO. III.	C.4$, 46.

Tth fucft Powers and Authorities, as are prefcribed, directed ^pointed in and by an Ad of Parliament made in Ireland> in the reenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty ; Char let die Second, intituled An A3 for the fettling the Excife M & 1S Car. %.

Impojl *j*n His Majefy* his Heirs and Sncctjfors, according 00 Sd£ 4. c.8. r Boot of Rates therein tnferted\ or by any other Law or Laws tee to Hi* Majesty’s Revenue of Excife or Cuftoms in force in Ml> as fully and effedually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if feme were particularly mentioned and exprefled and rfc-enaded Bs Ad, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party Appeal, ftfties who (haH think him, her or themfelves aggrieved or id, as in and by the faid recited Ad or any Law or Laws kg to Hit Majesty*s Revenue of Excife or Cuftoms in force in ■W it provided.

% And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, Ad altered, hied or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent bo of Parliament.

CAP. XLVI.

Ad to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits ftiade r diftilled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on fce Exportation thereof; and to repeal certain Bounties ken to Perfons licenfed to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, ber and Ale by Retail in Ireland.	£$th May 1812.]

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

SITE Your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjeds, the Om&-E¥ mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, f Parliament aftembled, towards raifing the neceflary Supplies, me freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto Your fcjcfty the Duties hereinafter mentionedand do moft humbly jbeh Your Majesty that it may be enaded, and be k enaded by tKsg’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and wfth the Advice and Heat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in lent Parliament allembled, and by the Authority of the fame, within and through that Part of the faid United Kingdom Additional Duty Ireland* there fhaU be granted, raifed, levied, collided, paid 011 tufted, to and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Sufc-tbe (evend Duties hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay : and upon every Gallon of Aaua Vita, Strong Waters Or which, at any time from and after the Eighth Day of Abril raCand eight hundred and twelve, (hall be made or diftilled in fro* Corn or Grain malted or tintaalted, or for Which any ftuH be chargeable by Law, an additional Dtfty of Two nod 6ix pence Brit'tjh Currency, over and above all other payable thereon, under and by Virtue of any Ad or Ads of tat ia force in Ireland, on or immediately before the faid Day of April* and after the feme Rate for any greater or lefs y ; and which foid additional Duty (hall be paid by the firfl or DiftiMer of fuch Spirits.

And be it further enaded, That there (hall alfo be granted, Additional Duty levied, cbllrded, paid and fetisfied, to and for the Ufe of His hi* Heirs and SueedfbrB) the feveral Duties hereinafter Motio&ed; that is to fay:

Goc »Ie

for Stock ia Hand.

*54

Exception.

Additional Duty for wirehoufed Spirits taken for Home Con-fumption.

39 * 40 G.3.

c. 67.

4oG.3.(T.)c.38,

Countervailing

Duty.

JC.46.	520 GEO. III.	AD.

For and upon ©very Gallon of Aqua Viter, Sti mg Waters or <made or diddled in Ireland, from Corn or Graii malted or un* which (hall have been in the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleflioo 1 Diftiller in Ireland, or of any Perfon for the U e of fuch Difti the faid Eighth Day of April, the additional I uty or Sum d .Shillings and Six pence Britiftj Currency, ove and above all Duties which (hall have been charged or paic on fuch Ap* Strong Waters or Spirits, and after the fame E ate for any grtl lefs Quantity:

And alfo for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Fite, j Waters or Spirits made in Great Britain or freland from ( Grain malted or unmalted, which (hall have be n in the Stod tody or Pofleifion of any Importer of, Dealer in, Seller or 1 of Spirits in Ireland, or of any Redlifier, or any Compoffll Spirits, on the faid Eighth Day of April, an additional D Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence Brittfi Currency, 01 above all other Duties which (hall have beer paid on fuck Viter, Strong Waters or Spirits, and after tY e fame Rate 1 greater or lets Quantity;

Provided always, That no fuch Charge of Two Shillings 1 pence per Gallon, upon any Spirits in the Stoc k, Cuftody or lion of any Perfon (hall take place upon or affedl any Perf< (hall not in the Whole have had the Quantity of Thirty Gi Stock, Cuftody or Pofleflion, on the faid Eighth Day 0? Ah that no fuch Charge (hall take place on any Spirits in the & any Compounder of Spirits, which (hall have been aduaD] pounded before the faid Eighth Day of April.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That there (hall alfo be g raifed, levied, colle&ed, paid and fatisfkd, to and for the Ufe Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, for and upon every Gallon 0 Viter, Strong Waters or Spirits, made or di(tilled from Corn or malted or unmalted in Ireland, and which having been warek any of His Majesty’s Warehoufes or Stores in Ireland porfi Law, (hall at any time on or after the faid Eighth Day of be taken out for Home Confumption in Ireland, the Sum a Shillings and Six pence Britijh Currency, and after the fame 1 any greater or lefs Quantity over and above all Duties of Ei . fuch Spirits payable thereon, under or by virtue of any Adis in force in Ireland on or immediately before the (aid Day of April.

1 IV. And whereas it is expedient, purfuant to the Prod

*	the Adis for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland\ thi ' 9 fpedl of the additional Duties by this Adi impofed on

9 made in Ireland, additional Countervailing Duties (houldbe*

*	upon the like Spirits made in Great Britain, and refpedh

*	ported from thence into Ireland, fufficient to countervail I 9 Duties op Spirits made in Ireland under this AdiBe it d enadled, That there (hall be granted, raifed, levied, colled* and fatisfied, to and for the Urn of His Majesty, his Heirs a ceflors, on all fuch Spirits the Countervailing Duties followia and above all Countervailing Duties whatever payable up* Spirits under or by virtue of any other Adi or Ads in fil Ireland at the time of fuch Importation; that is to (ay :



i i.

$2* GEO. IH.

C.4&

*55

d upon every Gallon of Spirits made or di(tilled in Great rom Com or Grain, malted or unmaked, and which (hall ted from thence into Ireland at any time after the faid Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, the Two Shillings and Six pence Britijh Currency, and after : Rate for any greater or lefs Quantity.

Lnd be it further enaded, That for and upon every Gallon of ande or diitilled in Ireland from Corn, malted or unmalted,' which the Duties by Law payable thereon (hall have been id and fatisfied, and which (hall be exported from Ireland to ritem, there (hall be allowed and given a Drawback, equal lot to the Countervailing Duties impofed by this Ad upon lade or diftilled in Great Britain from Com or Grain, malted lied, and imported from thence into Ireland.

\nd be it further enaded, That every Perfon who (hall ex-aay other Place than Great Britain Spirits diftilled in Ireland ora or Grain, malted or unmalted, on which the additional* impofed by this Ad (hall have been fully paid and fatisfied, entitled to and (hall receive for every Gallon of fuch Spirits back equal to the Duty by this Ad impofed on fuch Spirits diftilled in Ireland, provided that all fuch Spirits (hall be of ;th not lefs than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and lid Drawback (hall be over and above all Drawbacks payable by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland on or ira-y before the (aid Eighth Day of April, in refped of fuch .'xported from Ireland to foreign Parts.

And be it further enaded, That all Monies arifing from the granted by this Ad (the neceffary Charges of raifing and the lame being deduded) (hall be carried to and made Part ^onfohdated Fund of Ireland\

, And be ft further enaded, That the faid Duty of Two 1 and Six pence per Gallon on Spirits made or diftilled in from Com, malted or unmaited, impofed by this Ad, (hall ged on every Diftiller in refped of the Quantity of Spirits hail be made or diftilled by fuch Diftiller, or for which any r (hall be chargeable by Law to be computed, afcertained and [, in fuch manner and under fuch Regulations, Diredions wifions as are contained in an Ad made in the Forty (ixth Hisprefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to provide for dating and feeuring the Collection of the Duties on Spirits dtflilled nd, and tie IVareboufing of fuch Spirits for Exportation, or in any other Ad or Ads for granting, regulating or feeuring the on Spirits diftilled in Ireland, or for warehoufing the lame, at all and every the Claufes, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, iws, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of recovering thereof, led, mentioned and contained in the faid recited Ad of the Forty Year afonefaid, or in this or any other Ad or Ads for grant-egohting or feeuring the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland, the warehoufing of any fuch Spirits, (hall be applied and put aftice m making Charges of Duty and other Charges on fuch ler in refped of the faid Duties ot Spirits under this Ad, and refped to the Warehoufing of any Spirits charged with Duty rthh Ad, as fully, and effedually, to all Intents and Purpofes kttr, at if all the (aid Claufes, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions,

Drawback of Countervailing Duty on Spirits exported from Ireland to G. B.

Drawback of Duty on Spirits exported to any other Place than G. B.

Duties carried f

Confolidated

Fund.

Duty charged as by 46 G.j. c.88.



Google

Regulation for taking an Account of Stock of Spirits In hand.

Penalty.

Diftiller*, kc. to deliver at Excife Office an Account of Stock in hand, verified on Oath, within Thirty one Days after paf-flng AR.

tiona, Provifions, Penalties and Forfeitures hiad been exprekl peated and enaded in this Ad.	,

IX.	And, in order to fecure the laid re pe&ive Duties of i Shillings and Six pence by this Ad impofed on every Gallon a fits, as well Briiifb as Irj/b, id the Stock, C uftody or Poffeff every Diftiller or Importer of. Dealer in, S< Uer, Retailer and tifier of Spirits in Ireland, be it further eo ided, That any 0 Or Officers of Excife in Ireland (hall and mi y by gauging or wife, take an Account of the Quantity of all fuch Spirits Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Diftillei or Importer of, \ in. Seller or Retailer of Spirits, or of any R< differ of Sprits4 land, or of any Perfon for the Ufe of any fi tch Diftiller, Is Dealer, Seller, Retailer or Redifier refpedn ely, on the (aid Day of April, and alfo of all fuch Spirits not compounded, the faid Eighth Day of April (hall be in the Stock, Cuftody fcfliQn of any Compounder of Spirits in Ireland} and every la cer or Officers (ball make a Return in Willing to the Excife of the refpe&ive Diftrids in which fuch Spirits fha&j been, on the faid Eighth Day of April, of th? juft and true Q of all fuch Spirits, and of the Amount of tie faid refpedive of Two Shillings and Six pence ter Gallon tlureon refpedivdy able qver and above the Duty theretofore paid or payable t‘ and fuch Return (hall be a Charge on every fuch Perfoo tiyely; and if any Officer or Officers of Excite (hall not, mand made by him or them at any Warehoufe, Storehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, of or belonging to any Diftiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller or Retailer, Rediffer or f

Sunder, or at any Place where any Spirits belonging to any iftiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Con “ (hall be, be admitted therein, or (hall not be fuffered to Account of all Spirits therein, or if any fuch Diftiller, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, or Perfon the Cuftody or Pofleffion of fuch Spirits, (hall negled or it (hew to fuen Officer all the Spirits in every fuch Warehoufe or Place, fuch Diftiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Ref Compounder or other Perfon, into or at whofe Warehoufe or Place fuch Officer or Officers (hall not be admitted, or (hall i fuffered to take an Account of all Spirits therein, and every Diftiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier, Coe or other Perfon who (hall refufe or ncgled to (hew or be (hewn to fuch Officer or Officers all fuch Spirits as aforefeid, for every fuch Offence or Default refpedively in any of the aforefaid, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

X.	And be it further enaded, That every fuch Diftiller, ter, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, who faid Eighth Day of April (hall have had in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleffion, (other than His Majesty’s Wareho Under His Majesty’s Locks) or in any Store Room, Shop, Vault or other Place, or in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Perfon, for his, her or their Ufe, any Spirits whatever, whids be liable to the faid refpedive additional Duties of Two Shilki Six pence per Gallon, by this Ad granted, (hall, wkhia Thi Days from and after the paffing of this Ad, deliver at the Oi Excife of the Diffrid in which fuch Spirits (hall have bqca ©a

15	fi



A.D.iftn.

52° GEO. III.

C.4 6.

*57

ad Eighth Day of April, a juft, true and particular Account in igniting of the Quantity of all fuch Spirits, which on the laid Eighth hy of April (hall hare fo been in* the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleflion f fuck DiftiBer, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Re&ifier, Com-rounder or other Perfon in every fuch Warehoufe, Store Room, ihop. Cellar, Vault or other Place, or in the Cuftody or Pofteffioa >f any Perfoo for his, her or their Ufe, defcribiag the Places where Lhe fame (hall refpe&ively be or may have been, and the Situation thereof; aad every fuch Diftiller. Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer,

Redder, Compounder or other Perfon delivering fuch Account, (hall »ake Oath, or if a Quaker a foie mo Affirmation, before any Chief Commififoner or Sub Commiifioner of Excife, that fuch Account s a true, juft and perfect Account of all fuch Spirits as aforefaid, ahkh Oath or Affirmation any fuch Commiffioner or Sub Commit* fioaer is hereby authorized to adminifter ; and every fuch Diftillcr,

Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Re&ifier or Compounder, who fhallnegied to deliver or caufe to be delivered the Accounts hereby refoedively required, within the refpe&ive Times aforefaid, or who fhatU negled to make fuch Oath or Affirmation, or who (hall deliver or cattle to be delivered any falfe or untrue Account, (hall forfeit the Sam of One hundred Pounds 5 and all fuch Spirits of which fuck Pentlty.

Account (hall uot be delivered within the Times aforefaid, or of which any falfe or untrue Account lhali be delivered, (hall be for* feitcd, and (hall and may be feized by auy Officer or Officers of His Majesty’s Revenue of Cufldms or Excife in Ireland.

XI. And be it further enatied, That every Perfon liable to the (aid Duty charred on additional Duties of Two Shillings and Six pence per Galkin on fuck higheft Return*. Spirits, (hall be chargeable and charged with the laid Duties upon the Returns or Accounts to be made and delivered by the Officer of Excife, or by fuch Perfons refpe&ively under this AcI, according to fuch of the uid Returns or Accounts as (hall produce the higheft Amount of Duty, and that every fuch Perfon fhall pay the faid Duty accordingly; and when no Account (hall have been delivered by any Dtftiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Re&ifier or Compound* er, the Return made by tlte Officer (hall be a conclufive Charge on fuch Diftiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Re&ifier or Compounder; and that every Perfon fo charged (hall, within Three Calendar Months next after the faid Eighth Day of April pay to the CoUc&or of Excife of the Diftritt all fuch Duty as (hall be due by fsch Perfon for or on account of the faid additional Duty, or ia Default of Payment thereof within the time aforefaid, every fuch Perfon fo making Default (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, Penalty, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount for which fuch Perfoo (hall be fo charged as aforefaid.

XII. And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon fo chargeable Spirits notre-vrkh the (aid additional Duty, and a&ually charged therewith pur- mowed uolefo hint to the Provifions aforefaid, who (hall remove any Spirits after Duty paid, or

•	> ..	....	.	m	l. •	•	1	.	*	m	Kilnnni

the hid additional Duties foall have been eha thereon as afore* wuhoui

ind, without having paid and cleared off the tdditional Duties, oris whole Stock Account kept by any Officer of Excife, there (hall aypear to have been any Decreafe of fuch Spirits, without having taxed from the proper Officer or Officers a Permit or Permits tattling the Removal of the Spirits fo deficient, (hall forfeit and pay 1 Sum of Twenty Pounds, together witha Sum equal to Double Penalty.

the



2,8

C-4&

JivGEO.HL

A.D. it

rrovifo.

Na Permit unlcffc alt Duties paid.

Additional Duty on Spirits carried Coattwiie, ftc. landed on or after the 8th of April.

Penalty.

In -cafes of Con-trad, Delivery of Spirits not claimed unlefs Buyer pay Duty;

the Amount of the additional Duty chargeable on fach Sped Provided always, that whereas by reafon of Q uantities of Spin ing fold or ufed by Retailors of Spirits in Quantities fo fmall i to require a Permit for the Removal thereof, Deficiencies may i between fuch Stock Account and the a&ual Quantity of Sp -the Pofleflion of fuch Retailer, the faid Penjlty for a Decn Stock (hall not be infli&ed on any Retailer in ;my eafe in wfapckl Retailer fhall fatisfa&orily prove that fuch Decreafe was folelyS fioned by the Removal of Spirits out of fuch Retailer’s Stod Quantities fo fmall as not to require a Permit for fuch RemuvaLj

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon fhallq fold or fhall fell any Spirits chargeable with the fak\ additional f and fhall be defirous of removing fuch Spirits, no Permit ft granted for the Removal thereof unlefs the faid additional 1 hereby impofed, and aU other Duties due thereon, (hall have! previoufly paid.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That alii fuch Spirits Removal of which from any Place in Ireland to any other Place 1 in the fame, either Coaftways or by Canal or Land Carriage, a ( Cocket or Permit (hall have been granted before the faid E Day of AprtU and which fhall arrive at the Place of its Defti on or after the faid Eighth Day of Aprils hall on its Arrival I chargeable with the laid additional Duty of Two Shillings a pence for and upon every Gallon thereof, and after the fame Ri any greater or lefs Quantity ; and the Officer or Officers of fhall make a Return thereof in Writing to the Collector of Ex the Diftrid, in like manner as is herein directed with refpeCt Return to be made by any Officer or Officers, of Spirits k] Stock, Cuftodyor PofTeflion of any Perfon on the faid Eighthf of April; and the Diftiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, f tifier or Compounder into whofe Cuttody or Pofleflion fuch £ fhall come on or after the faid Eighth Day of ApriU fhall be ch with and pay the additional Duty for the fame ; and every Pedal charged fhall within Three Months next after the Arrival of ( Spirits, pay to the Collc&or of Excife of the Diftn& all fuch T as fhall be due by fuch Perfon for and on account of fuch $f or in Default of Payment thereof at the time aforefaid, every I Perfon fo making Default fhall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pot together with a Sum eaual to Double the Amount of the Dot which fuch Perfon (hall be charged as aforefaid, and no other < Cocket or Permit fhall be granted for the further Removal of 1 Spirits, until the faid Duty on the full Quantity of Spirits the Removal of which a Coafl Cocket or Permit fhall be requ fhall be previoufly paid.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon who (ha charged with the additional Duty’ by this A& impofed upon J Spirits in his, her or their Stock, Cuftody or Pofleflion, fhall f fold or contracted to fell any fuch Spirits to any Perfon or Pcd and (hall not have delivered the fame to the Buyer thereof, before! faid Eighth Day of April, then and in every fuch cafe the Buy the faia Spirits fhall not be entitled! to claim the Delivery of Spirits without firft paying the additional Duty which fuch S fhall have been chargeable or charged with, or fhall have paid j fuch Spirits under the Provifions of this A§.

XVI.



AJ).i8i2.

*59

Sv GEO. in.

C4 6.

XVI.	And be it farther enaded, That if any Perfon who (ball he charged with the additional Duties by this Ad impofed upon Spirits, in his, her or their Stock, Cuftody or Pofleflion, (hall on or after the faid Eighth Day of Aprils have fold orcontraded to fell any fuch Spirits to any Perfon or Pcrfons, and (hall have delivered the fame to the Buyer thereof, then and in every fuch cafe the Buyer of the faid Spirits (ball pay to the Seller the additional Duty which fuch Seller ftull have been charged with, or (hall have paid for fuch Spirits under this A&.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That in all cafes when any Duties payable under this Ad, by any Dilliller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder for or on account of fuch Spirits in his or her Stock, Cuftody or Pofleflion, or in the Cuftody of any other Perfon for his or hrr Ufe, (hall be unpaid at the time when fuch Duties are by this Ad made due and payable, it (ha)l and may bo lawful for the Calledor of Excife of the Diftrid, or other Chief Officer in Charge of theColledion of the Diftrid, by Warrant under Ms Hand and Seal, to empower any Perfon or Perfons to take and ffiftrain any Goods or Chattels in the Ufe, Cuftody or Pofleflion of filch Dilliller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Com-poonder owing fuch Duties, and to caufe the fame to be fold by public Audion, and if after Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from fuch Dilliller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, together with the Cofts and Expences of finch taking, diftraining and Sale, there (hall be any Surplus arifing horn the Sale thereof, fuch Surplus (hall forthwith be tendered and paid to fuch Dilliller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redifier or Compounder, or his or her refpedive Reprefentatives : Provided always, that when any Spirits (hall be fo taken and diftrained, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Diftiller, Importer, Dealer, Seiler, Re* taikr, Redifier or Compounder, or his or her refpedive Representatives at any time or times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to obtain Rerpiits for conveying all or any Part of fuch Spirits upon bis, her or their paying to the Colledor or other Chief Officer atortfeid, towards difeharging the Duties fo due and payable, the real Value of fuch Spirits as he, (he or they (hall defire to remove, and tbe brae may be removed accordingly, and a proper Permit or proper Permits (hall on due Application be given for the fame, in like manner as if no fuch Diftrefs bad been made.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral Duties and Drawbacks by this Ad granted, allowed and made payable, an^l all Penalties and Forfeitures under thi3 Ad, (hall be raifed, levied, col-kded, paid and allowed, fued for, recovered and applied, in the feme manner and under fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch ways and methods, and according to fuch Rules ajid Directions, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, direded and ex-iprefled fqr the raifing, colle&ing, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties and Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Ad made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fi ft eeath Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Soond, intituled Jin Ail for the fettling the Excife or new Iwpojl upon

Majcfjy his Heirs and Succejjfors, according to the Book of Rates fttrnnitferted; or in and by an Ad made in the Forty fixth Year cfHnprefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to provide for the JlC|O.I!If	8	better



Google

If Spirts delivered Buyer to pay Duty.

Duty on Spirits in Stock unpaid levied l*v Diftrefs, &c.

Duties and Draw backs how levied and paid.

M k 1 e Car. *. (1.) Self. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

A.D.(8if.

a 66	C.46, 47. 5a0 GEO. IIL

jo G. 3. c. 46. Bounty by recited Ad to ceafe. Exception.

JUSt. altered) &c.

better Execution of the feveral Ads relating H the Revenues, Matter1 and Things under the Management of the Cornmifioners of Cujforn end Port Duties, and of the Commtffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes k Ireland ; or in and by any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife or either of them, ai fully and effeftoally to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were herein expreffed and enafted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the faid recited Aft made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His iateMajefty King Charles the Second, or any other Aft o r Acts as afbrefaid, a provided.

* XIX. And whereas an Aft was made in the Fiftieth Year of € His prefent Majetty’s Reign, intituled An AS for encouraging tk € Confumption of Malt Liquor in Ireland, the Provifions of which Ad • have not proved beneficial, and it is expedient to repeal the fame;* Be it therefore enafted, That the faid recited Aft of the Fiftieth Year aforefaid, and all and every Bounty by the faid Aft granted, and all and every the Claufes, Articles, Matters and Things in the faid Aft contained, fhall, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, ceafe and determine, ?md fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed, fave and except fo hr as relates to the Payment and Allowance of any Bounty to which any Perfon licenfed to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale «nd Cyder by Retail, fhall, under the Provifions of the faid Aft, be or Ihall have been entitled for the Quarter of the Year ending on the fed Twenty fifth Day of March, or for any preceding Quarter of a Year, and the obtaining of the proper and neceffary Accounts, Retnnu $md Certificates for the vouching or receiving any fuch Payment, an£ alfo fave as to any Offence which fhall have been or may be commit-ted againfl the faid Aft, and any Proceedings to be taken for the Punifhment of any Perfon or Perfons offending againft the faid Ad.

XX. And be it further enafted. That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be made in this prefeat Seffioo of Parliament.

C A P. XLVII.

An Ad to revive and continue until the Thirty firft Day d December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, fo muft of an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefenl Majefly to prohibit the Diflillation of Spirits from Corn oi Grain in the United Kingdom, as relates to Ireland.

[5 th May 1812/

49 G.3. «.y.	* TTTHEREAS it is expedient that an Aft made in the Fort]

*	W ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intitule^

*	An AS to prohibit the Diflillation of Spirits from Com *or Grain i\ 4 the United Kingdom for a Smiled Time, fhould be revived and con € tinued for a time to be limited, as far as the fame regards Ireland;

80 far as refpefts Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by an Ireland revived with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and continued. an(j Comm0ns, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by th Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Fourth Day of One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, the faid Aft fhall be and tli

fata



AJ).i8ij.

52® GEO. ni.

C.47.

261

fi* i» hereby, as far as the fame regards that Fart of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and as far as the fame is not altered by this »retired, and (hall remain and continue in force from thenceforth until and upon the Thirty firfi Day of JDecember One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.

II. Prodded always, and be it further enabled, That in cafe the Lard Lieutmot or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the hme being, at any time after the Firfi Day of OSober One thoouod eight hundred and twelve, (hall in his or their Difcrctiop judge it to be for the Benefit of that Part of the United Kingdom called Jr dandy to permit the Diflillation of Spirits from Oats, Barley or any other Com or Grain (^heat excepted), or from Malt, Flour V Bran, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Proclamation or Proclamations to be ifluedby and with the Advice of His Majefly’s Privy Council in Ireland, of hr Order io Council to be publifhed from time to time in The Dublin Gautk, to permit and fuffer all and every Perfon and Perfons (but sotany particular Perfon or Perfons) in Ireland, at any time or times tot leu than Thirty Days from the Date of fuch Proclamation qr Order ia Council, to make Worts or Wafh for Diflillation, and to SM Spirits from Oats, Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, (Wheat excepted) or from any Malt, Flour or Bran ; or in cafe the Lord lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, at any time after the faid Firfi Day of OQober One thoq-faad eight hundred and twelve, (hall in his or their Difcretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, further to continue the Prohibition of the {Mutation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, from the faid Thirty firfi Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament, then and in fuch die it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the tiiqe being, by Proclamation or Proclamations to be ifiued by and with the Advice of HisMajefty’s Privy Council in Ireland, or by Order in Council to \x publifhed from time to time in The Dublin Gazette, to continue throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the Dud Thirty firfi Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, until Forty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, the Prohibition hereinbefore mentioned; that is to fay, that throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, during the Coo-timnceoffuch Prohibition, no Worts or Wafh for Diflillation fhall be made, and no Spirits (hall be diililled from Oats, Barley or any othtrCom or Grain, or from Malt, F»pur or Bran, or any Mixture with the fame.

Ill Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That it fhall and mqy be lawful to and for all and every Dilliller and Diftillers, and Maker ' Makers of Spirits in Ireland, at any time on or before the ‘ueenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, ^o liato Spirits all the Worts, Wafh and Siuglings brewed or made 1 Malt, Corn or Grain which fhall on the (aid Fourth Day qf 1 jwiOoe thoufand eight hundred and twelve, be in his, her or their UwJfQT Pofftffion, and all Worts or Wafh or Singlings, which ™wer the faid Eighteenth Day of May One thpufend j?ight hun-b 2	'	<	dred

Lord Lieutenant, after Odt. I, 1812, miy permit DiftiUatioii of Spirits front Guid. and may afterwards continue Prohibition for a limited lime.

Worts, See. already brewed to We difliUed on of before May 18, 1812, Jtc.



Google

A.D.i8n.

*62	047,48. 520 GEO.	III.

dred and twelve, be found by any Officer or Officers of Excife, or be in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of any fuch Diftiller or Diftillers, or Penalty.	Maker	or Makers of Spirits in Ireland\ (hall be forfeited, and maybe

feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and no Diftiller or Dif* tillers^ or Maker or Makers of Spirits in Ireland, (hall diflolve, mix or brew any Sugar for the making of Worts or Wafh for extracting Spirits, until the Expiration of Four Days after the faid Eighteenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, on Pam of for-Penalty.	feiting the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

Penalties how	IV. And be it further enafted, That	all and every Fine, Penalty

recovered. and Forfeiture inflifted by this Aft (hall and may be fued for anil recovered, levied and applied in fuch Manner and Form, and by fuch ways and means and with fuch Powers and Authorities as are preferred, direfted and appointed, in and by an Aft of Parhameat made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign 14 & 15 Car. 2. of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled jfnddfor (I.)SelT.4. c. 8. fjjg fettling the 'Excife or new Impojl upon His Majefly, his Heirs aU Succejfors, according to the Bool of Rates therein infer ted, or by any other Law or Laws relative to His Majesty’s Revenue of Excife oi Cuftoms in force in Inland, as fully and effpftually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were particularly mentioned and exprefied and Appeal. „ re-enafted in this Aft, with like Remedy of Appeal, to and for the Party or Parties who (hall think him, her or themfelves aggrievedot injured as in and by the faid A6t of Excife, or any Law or Lawi relating to His Majesty’s Revenue of Excife or Cuftoms in force in Ireland, is provided.

Contrails for V. And whereas there may have been Contrafts made by Diftillen Delivery of in Ireland with other Perfons for fuch Spirits to be delivered al Spirits during future times after the faid Fourth Day of May ; Be it therefore Prohibition void. ena(c^e(i> That all Contrafts or Bargains made by any Diftiller with any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, for any fuch Spirits to be delivered at any time during the Operation of this Afci, (hall be and are hereby declared null ana void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

Adi titered,&c.	VI. And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered

amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this prefenl Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. XLVni.

An Aft to provide for the regulating and fecuring'the Colleftioj of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland from Com, maltei or unmalted, in Stills of and under One hundred Gallon Content.	[5th	May	1812.

*	TTTHEREAS it i9 expedient, for the more effeftual Suppreffio

*	V v of illicit Diftillation of Spirits, to make Regulations forth

*	Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland from Cor

*	malted or unmalted, in Stills of and under One hundred Gallon € Content; and for the Encouragement of licenfed Diftillers, ha?in|

*	and ufing fuch Stills, to exempt fuch Diftillers of and from all an ‘ every the Regulations in any Aft or Afts of Parliament whatevci

*	relating to the Trade of a Diftiller, fave only as are herein coi

*	tained Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Exeellei Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritu and Temporal, and Commons, this prefent Parliament affcmblei



8i2.	52*	GEO.	III.	C.48.	263

the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Eff)>ira-TtfiDay* after the patting of this Ad, nothing contained in * made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great and Ireland, in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majesty's intituled An A8 to provide for the regulating and fecuring the 46 G 3. c.88. m tf the Duties on Spirits dijlilled in Ireland, and the IVare-of fuel Spirits for Exportation ; or in an Ad made in the Forty Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to 47 G.3. Self. a.

« dS made in the Forty Jixth Tear of His prefent Majejly, for c. 17.

Idling andfecuring the Collection of the Duties on Spirits dtjltlled

id; or in Two ieveral Ads made in the Forty eighth Year

prefent Majesty’s Reign, the one intituled An A8 to grant to 4g G. 3. c. 78.

jtfy Duties upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made

td in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exfrorta-

eof; and the other, intituled An Ad to amend the feveral 48 G. 3.081.

tin regulating and fecuring the Colled ion of the Duty on Spirits

in Ireland ; or in an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His .

Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to amend the feveral Ails 49 G. 3.0.99. regulating and /retiring the Collection of the Duties on Spirits m Ireland, and for the regulating the Sale of fucb Liquors by or in Two feveral Ads made in the Fiftieth Year of His 50 G. 3. c.ij. Vfajcfty’s Reign, the one intituled An Ad to grant to His	99-

Duties upon Spirits made or dijlilled in Ireland from Corn, to 'tain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof to make further £h)g layc aJ ons for the Encouragement of liccnfcd Dijlillers, and for herein. r the Laws relating to the Dijlillery in Ireland ; and the ituled An Ad to amend the feveral Ads relating to the making and the granting of Permits and Certificates, and the Regula-Braziers, and of Perf ons employing more than one Still in Ire-all extend or be conftrued to extend, fave as hereinafter men-0 any Diftiller who (hall be licenfed to have or keep a Still der One hundred Gallons Content, purfuant to the Provifions tet

rorided always, and be it enaded, That fo much of the faid Duties under ted Ad, paffed in the Fiftieth Year aforefaid, as impofes. 50G.3.C 15. s Duties on Spirits to His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflora, f°r£*main and remain with refped to Diitillers licenfed under this Ad,

>rce to all Intents and Purpofes, as if this Ad had not been

Provided a!fo, and be it enaded. That if any Difliller, having Diftillers * prone of the patting of this Ad a Licence in force to keep any ient *j.ten.,1e|! !,*?

►r under One hdndrcd Gallons Content, (hall be defirous of ig to work the fame, or in lieu thereof a Still of the like. fuch Licence, u the fame Diflillery, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch to continue to work fuch Still, and for the Commiflioners d Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Four of them, from time to grant to fuch Perfon a Licence to keep any Still of '• Content in the fame Diftillcry, fpecifying in every fuch that the fame is granted to a Diftiller, who had, at the time tailing of this Ad, a Licence in force to keep a Still of or lae hundred Gallons Content, and the Place where the fame to (0 bcenfed to be kept; and every fuch Diftiller (hall be land chargeable with Duty, and (hall be under and fubjed to tttry the Rules, Regulations, Pruvifions, Rdl rid ions, Penal-S *	ties

vjj1	IC

A.D. i8it

t&4

0* 48.

j i° GEO. III.

ComfAtffioiien

of F.xcile may licenfe Stills from 44 ro TOO Gallons Content.

No Perfon to keep a Still with* out obtaining Licence.

No Still to ex-cetd 100 Gallons Content. Minors being DiO tilers, made liable to A61.

tics and Forfeitures contained in any A& or A6U of Parfiamart force in Ireland, at or immediately before the paffing of this * tb aU Intents and Purposes whatfoever, as if this AA had not made.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the E; tidn of Ten Days after the palling of this A6t, it fhall and lawful for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in 7/

Or any Four of them, to grant a Licence to any Perfon or Pei Ireland, to keep and ufe any one Still, the Body whereof, vlritl Head or any other Appendage thereto, fhall be capable ofcc any Number of Gallons not left than Forty four Gallons, and with the Head or any other Appendage thereto, fhall not excel hundred Gallons Content, in any Place in Ireland where the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or anv Four of fhall deem expedient, towards effe&uating the Purpofes of this

V.	And be it further enaded, That no Perfon or Perfons (ha&l keep or make ufe of any fuch Still for diddling Spirits in IrJ( without having Bril obtained a Licence for keeping, and ufioff fame, from and figned by Four of the CommifQoners of Inland El and Taxes in Ireland, and every fuch Licence fhall continue in until the Twenty ninth Day of September next after the Date tl or until the Twenty ninth Day of September Two Years next the Date of fuch Licence, in cafe the Perfon requiring fuch Lk fhall defire the fame: Provided always, that Perfons in Partna carrying on tlie Bufineft of diddling, fhall not be obliged to uh more than One fuch Licence.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon or Perfons under this Ad, fhall be licenfed to keep or ufe at the fame ti Still exceeding One hundred Gallons Content.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That this A61, and all h\ tions therein contained, fhall extend and be condrued to ate any Perfon under the Age of Twenty one Years, in whole for whofe Ufe and Benefit any Didillery fhall be exercifed, or carried on ; and fuch Perfon fhall be liable to all Duties of bn account of fuch Didillery, and to all Penalties and F< under this Ad, as fully to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch were adult and of full Age.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That, for the Purpofeof

mating Contents ing the Duty on Spirits, the Content of any Still licenfed urn df Still	Ad	fhall be edimated according to the Quantity of Liquor

fuch Still, including the Head thereof, and every Appendage to Still or Head of any Kind or Sort whatfoever,, whereby fuch br the Head thereof, or any Part thereof, fhall l»e conneded, or any way communicate with the Worm as high as the Stoat* afeend, and until the Top of the Head, or any Appendage tab Still or Head, fhall turn downwards, and form an Angle of Ftt five Degrees, fhall be adually capable of containing ; and if any fi bf the Content fpecified in the Licenee of or under Sixty five GiN fhall exceed by Two Gallons the Content fpecified in fuch LM as being the Content of fuch Still, or if any Still of the Cm fpecified in the Licence of or under One hundred Gallons deeding Sixty five Gallons, fhall exceed by Four Gallons the Cow fpecified in fuch Licence as being the Content of fuch Still, tbeD tiller or Diitillcrs fhall forfeit a Sum of Twenty Pounds forr*J

Gift

Mode of eftl-

St 11 exeedtag

Content licenced.

Penalty.



Google

AD. iJu.

Si9 GEO. III.	C.78.	*65

GaBoo which the Concent of fuch Still (hall exceed the Cootent (pecihed in the Licence as the Content of fuch Still, and fuch Still 4all be forfeited and may be feized.

IX.	Aid be it further ena&ed, That every Still (hall be of the Still* to be mad# Proportions following 5 the Diameter of fuch Still, to be taken in !n ,^°Portio01 the wideft Part of fuch Still, and in that Place of fuch wideft Past lcreuL

as (hiD be mod remote from the Bottom of fuch Still, (hall be to the Altitude of fuch Still ascertained in a perpendicular Line from the Centre of the Diameter fo taken to the Bottom of fuch Still, in the Proportion of not more than Three to One ) that is to fay, for emy Inch of fuch Altitude, fuch Diameter (hall not exceed Three Inches, and fo in Proportion ; and that the Diameter of the Bottom of fuch Still to be taken in an horizontal Line, (hall not be equal to the greateft Diameter thereof taken as aforefaid, and (hall not be left than Three fifths of fuch greateft Diameter, nor (hall the Bottom of any fuch Stiil be otherwife curved than inwards or towards the Body of fuch Stiil; and if any Diftiller (hall have, keep or make ufe of ariy Still, the Proportion of the Diameter and Altitude whereof (hall be contrary to this Ad, every fuch Still (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized, and the Diftiller (hall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Penalty.

Pounds.

X.	And be it further enaded. That every Perfon requiring fuch Per fens requir-

Lkence, (hall fign and deliver to the Colle&or or other Chief Officer “5 Licence (hall in charge of the Colle&ion of the Diftritit, an Account in Writing	wi?

to be entered and regiftered in the Office of Excife of the Diftrid in tion of DithllTry which fuch Still is to be kept, containing his, her or their Name or Still*,Scc. Uten-Names, and Place or Places of Abode, and the Place where the Dif- fils and Stores. tiUery containing fuch Still is or (hall be fituated, and of the Still,

Still-bead and Worm, intended to be kept there, and the Number of Gallons which the Body of fuch Still is capable of containing, and *Ho the Number of Gallons which fuch Still is capable of containing, together with the Head thereof, and every other Appendage thereto included, fcparately fet forth ; and (hall alfo in like manner fign and deliver an Accouut in Writing to be fo entered and regiftered as afordakl, of all Coppers, Vats, Keeves, Backs, Coolers, Veffell,

Pipes, Sbutes, Trunks and other Utenfils whatever to be ufed in fuch Dilldkiy, and alfo of the feveral Stores, Apartments and Places wherein any Part of the Buiinefs of fuch Diftillery is to be carried on, or wherein any Materials for diftilling of Spirits or any Spirits are to be krpt or ftored 5 and in eveiy fuch written Account, the Perfon making the lame (hall diftinguim the Still, Still-head and Worm, and iMoCTery Copper, Vat, Keeve, Back, Cooler, Veflel, Pipe, Shute,

Tnwk and other Utenfil whatever, and alfo every fuch Store, Apart-went and Place, by feparatc Numbers relating to each Article in arithmetical Progreffion, beginning with Number One; and upon (uch Still, Still-bead and Worm, and upon every fuch Copper, Vat,

Xme, Back, Cooler* Veflel, Pipe, Shute, Trunk and Utenfil, and aflospoothe outfide of the Door of every fuch Store, Apartment and Pbce, (haU cauie to be painted with an Oil Colour in Black upon a White Ground, or in White upon a Black Ground, and (hall keep Aaron (b painted the Number thereof refpe&ively, in Conformity **h fuch Account; and that the Surveyor of Excife, within whole 4ney fuch Diftillery (hall be fituate, (hall, at the Bottom of every hd Account, before the fame (hall be delivered to or received by the

S	4	Collector



266

A.D.i8i2

Four Com mi f-fioners may refute or withdraw Licence with Approbation of Treafury.

Diftillers not to be Rect ifiers < r Compounders.

Penalty.

BiftiUer in what c-lies c nly to fell Spirits.

Penalty.

C.4*.	520 GEO. III.

Colleftor or other Perfon in Charge of the Colleftion of the Diftrifti certify the Truth of fuch Account by figning his Name thereto and thereupon the Colleftor of Excife or other Pjrfon in Charge a aforefaid, (hall file fuch Account in the Office of Excife of the Dif trift, and enter and regifter the fame in a Book to be kept for tba Purpofe, and (hall grant a Certificate of fuch Account and Regiftrr by giving a Copy thereof figned by him ; and before any fuch Li cence (hall be granted to any Perfon to keep any Still, fuch Perfol fhall produce to the faid Commiffioners of Excife the faid Certificatf of the Colleftor or other Perfon in Charge of the Colleftion ; an< fuch Perfon applying for fuch Licence, fhall alfo with Two fuflicient Sureties, to be previoufty approved of by the Colleftor of Excife* or other Perfon in Charge of the Colleftion of the Diflrift within which" fuch Diftillery is fituate (fuch Approbation of the faid Sureties to be certified by fuch Colleftor or Perfon fo in Charge as aforefaid) enter into a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, in a Penalty after the Rate of Ten Pounds for each Gallon of the Content of the Still to be licenfed, the Body and Head inclufive, conditioned for the Payment of all fuch Sum and Sums of Money as fhall he chargeable by Law on fuch Perfon for the Duties do Spirits or Strong Waters diftilled by fuch Perfon, or with which fuch Perfon (hall be charged under and by virtue of this Aft, of any other Aft or Afts in force or to be in force in Ireland, relating to the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland

XI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Four of them, to.refufe to grant a Licence to any Perfon or Perfons whatever to keep any fuch Still, or to withdraw the Licence granted for any fuch Still: Provided always, that the Approbation of the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or of the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, be firft had and obtained for every fuch Refufal or withdrawing of any fuch Licence.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon licenfed as a Diftiller under this Aft (hall reftify or compound any Spirits, and that k fhall not be lawful for the laid Commiffioners of Excife to grant any Licence to reftify or compound Spirits to any fuch Dif-tiller fo licenfed under this Aft, or to any Perfon in Truft for or on the Account of fuch Diftiller; and if fuch Dikiller fhall reftify or compound any Spirits, or fhall be direftly or indireftly concerned or engaged in the reftifying or compounding of Spirits, the Licence of fuch Diftiller under this Aft fhall be and is hereby declared to be void, and the Still, Still Head and Worm, and every Copper, Vat, Cooler, Back or other Veffel or Utenfil whatever for diflilling, and all Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wafh, Pot Ale* Malt or Com,

* and all Materials for making Spirits found in the Poffeffioa of any fuch Diftiller, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That no Diftiller licenfed under this Aft fhall fell or deal in any Spirits not diftilled by fuch Diftiller, or be entitled to obtain any Licence to fell or deat in the fame ; and if any fuch Diftiller fhall receive or fell, or deal in any Home-made or Foreign Spirits, by Commiffion or otherwife contrary to this Aft, fuch Diftiller fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One 'hundred Pounds. •

Q



Google

XIV. And

jU).i8ii*

5*0 GEO. Ill,	C.4&	267

XIV.	And be it further ena&cd, That no fuch Diftiller (hall have Diftiller* not to my Share in, or be in any manneT concerned in the Sale of Spirituous have Share in Liquor* by Retail; and if any Diftiller (hall, contrary hereto, have ReWli Spuits. any Share in, or be in any manner concerned in fuch Sale, every fuch

Diftiller (kali, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hun- Penalty, dred Pousds.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Diftiller licenfed under Diftiller* not to this Ad, (hall brew or make any Liquor from Corn, malted or un- brew Liquor malted, other than Pot Ale, to be diftilled by him ; and it (hall be Corn other lawful for any Officer of Excife to charge all Liquor made or brewed 1 tn 01

from Corn, malted or unmalted, in the Pofleflion of any fuch Diftiller, in the fame manner as Pot Ale or Wa(h for the Purpofe of diHilling ii by this Aft chargeable ; and in cafe any Pot Ale or Liquor brewed or made from Com, malted or unmalted, (hall be found in the Pof-feffi a of fuch Diftiller not duly declared by him, fuch Diftiller (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with the Sum of Penalty.

Twenty Shillings for every Ten Gallons of fuch Pot Ale or other Lquor: Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for every fuch Dif- ProvKb. tiller to have in his Dwelling Houfe, a reafonable Quantity of Beer arid Ale for the Ufe of himfelf and his Family, fuch Ale or Beer not haring been brewed by fuch Diftiller.

XVI.	And be it further enadted, That no Diftiller licenfed under Diftiller* not to this Act (hall make, extraft or diftih, any Low Wines or Spirits diU.il from Sugar from MolafLs or Sugar, or from any Molaftes Wa(h or Sugar Wafli Waih,

or Sweet Water or any Mixture with the fame ; and if any fuch Diitiikr (hall make, extract or diftil, or caufe to be made, extracted or diftilled, any Low Wines or Spirits from Molaftes or Sugar, or from any Molaftes Wafh or Sugar Wafh or Sweet Water or any Mixture with the fame, or (hall make or prepare any Wort or Wafh from Molaftes or Sugar, or any Mixture with the fame, every fuch DiftOler (hail forfeit One hundred Pounds; and all Molaftes Walh or Penalty.

Sugar Wafh prepared from any of the aforefaid Materials, or from any Mixture with the fame, and all Low Wines and Spirits made, extra&ed or diftilled therefrom, (hall be forfeited and may be feized ; and upon the Trial of any Information for the faid Penalty or for any of the faid Forfeitures, fuch Diftiller (hall be convifted, unlefts due Proof (hall be made by fuch Diftiller that the Wafh, Low Wines or Spirits, in refpeft of which fuch Information (hall be brought, was not made, extrafted or diftilled, from any Molaftes or Sugar, or Molaftes Wafh or Sugar Wafh or Sweet Water.

XVII.	And be it further enadfed, That if any Diftiller, licenfed UfingStill,&c. coder this Act, (hall have or keep, or make ufe of any Still, Still not regiiUred 5 Head, Worm, Copper, Keeve, Vat, Cooler, Back, Pipe, Shute,

Trunk or other Veflel or Utenfil whatever, or any Appendage or Apparatus whatever, communicating or connected, diredtly or indirectly, with any Still, Still Head, Worm or Copper, or any Part thereof refpc&ively, fuch Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Ket've,

Vat, Cooler, Back, Pipe, Shute, Trunk or other Veflel ^or Utenfil,

Appendage or Apparatus, not having been fet forth, numbered, entered and regiftered as aforefaid; or if any Diftiller fhall have, keep or having or <* sake ufe of any Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Keeve, Vat, ufin2 Still, *c. C*kr, Back, Pipe, Shute, Trunk or other Veil'd or Utenfil, or olher th.nr«U*. «T Appendage or Apparatus-whatevef, communicating or conne&ed Vw nL wdfly sr indire&ly with any Still, Still Head; Worm or Copper, tj°e and RcgiU

or try #



261

Feuilty.

Dtftillen not to keep more Worms thin Stills.

Stills hivinc more thin One Worm.

Penalty.

Coppers ufed u Stills forfeited. Penalty. Apparatus rendering Copper capable of being ufed in Diltilla-»on.

Penalty.

Diftiller s to fet Still* and provide l'altenings, Locks and Keys.

Penalty.

Otmenfions of Coppcisj

C. 4^*

ji# GEO. III.

A.D.1I

or any Part thereof refpedively, otlier than ucb aa fall ba«|

Jet forth in fuch Account, Entry or Regiftr , without having| Four Daye Notice in Writing to the ColTe&o or other fuperia cer of the Diftridt, and to the Surveyor and C anger, in charge 1 her or their Diftillery, and without an Accoui t thereof being f delivered, entered and rcgiftered in manner a! >refaid ; fuch 13 (hall forfeit for every fuch Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper,] Keeve, Back, Cooler, Pipe, Shute, Trunk or< tber Veflel or Appendage or Apparatos, the Sum of On« hundred Pom every fudh Still, Still Head, Worm, CoppeVat, Keeve, Cooler, Pipe, Shiite, Trunk or other Veffel >r Utenfil, Ap or Apparatus, (hall be forfeited, and may b< fcized by any ( of Excife.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no fuch DiAdler| have or keep any greater Number of Worm* of a Still Worm of a Still, or (hall ufe with any our Still more Worm 5 and if any greater Number of Worm* >f a Still (hall be! in the Diftillery of, or in any other Place belonging to or 00 by any Diftiller, than One Worm, every fuch Worm of a 1 found, and ?dfo every Still with which more than One Won he ufed, or to which there (hall be more than One Arm, (hall I feited and may be feited, and the Diftiller in whofe Poffeff fuch Worm or Worms, or Still (hall be found, (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any Diftiller under this A& (hall ufe any Copper in his Diftillery, for aay( Purpofe than boiling or warming Water, or fmall Worts of 1 ceding Brewery, mixed with Water, or if by means of any App or Apparatus annexed to or ufed with any Copper, or by 1 any Device or Contrivance whatever, any Copper (hall be o with the Body or Head or Worm of any Still, every fuch and Still, and the Head and Worm thereunto belonging, forfeited and may be feized ; and fuch Diftiller (hall alfo foi Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and if any Apparatus (hall be fa the Pofleflion, or in the Diftillery of any Diftiller, which migbt 1 fuch Copper or Coppers capable of being ufed in Diftillati Diftiller (nail forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Diftil

fet every Still ufed or kept by him in Brick or Stone with i and (hall from time to time provide fuch Faftenings, Docks and^ to the Head and Cocks of the Still, and to the Furnace Door til and (hall keep the fame in good and fufficient Order, m fuch as (hall be approved of by the Surveyor of Excife in charge i Diftillery, or other fuperior Officer of Excife, or (hall pay Faftenings, Docks and Keys, as (hall be provided by fuch , or Officer ; and if any fuch Diftiller (hall ufe or keep any Still 1 fet in Brick or Stone, or (hall uegled to provide, repair or ] fuch Faftenings, Docks and Keys, within fuch time aa (hall quired by fuch Surveyor or other fuperior Officer of Excifc, 1 lucli Diftiller (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every] Offence.	j

XXI.	And be it further enaded. That if any fuch Diftiller | make ufe of, or keep in any Diftillery any Copper or Vefiel for 1 ing or boiling Water* or brewing Pot Ale* the Diameter



AJD.i8n.

j2° GEO. III.	C.48.

0 the Mouth (hall be left than the Diameter thereof in any other Part ff fucb Copper or VefTel, or (hall have or keep any fuch Copper or itfher Veffel fet or placed io any manner other than in fuch Situation hot? to be foe.

Sa that the Still or Place where fuch Still (hall be fet or (hall ftand, fall be in u direct a Line as the Building will permit, between the Place where fnch Copper or other Veffel (hall be fet or ftand, and the Place where the Worm-tub (hall be fet or (hall ftand, every fuch (Wror Veffel (hall be forfeited and may be feized, and the Dif-tflferra whole DitliHery any fuch Copper or Voflel (hall be found, or any fuch Copper or Veffel (hall be fet or placed in any Situation other dae is aforefaid, (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Penalty, fech Offence.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That if any fuch Diftiller (hall How Coolers taany Diftillery make life of any Cooler which (hall not be ferewed fattened and ac-4owi or otherwife faftened to Beams, firmly fixed at both Ends in commodated to the Walk of the Building, or in fome other firm and fubftantial man- 0®cejr* uerf or fall aker the Level or Dipping Place of any Cooler or Back

in ftdi Diftillery, or the Beams that fupport the fame, after it (hill bare been fo fixed as aforefaid, or (hall fuffer the fame to be altered without having previoufly given Four Days Notice thereof to thfc Surveyor or Gauger in charge of fuch Dillillery ; or if fuch Diftiller (hail ufe any Cooler through or acrofs the Centre of which there (hall not be erected and conftantly kept fixed Lengthways, from one End to the other, a firm Frame or Stage of Wood at leaft Eighteen Inches n Bmdth, and of Thicknefs fufficient to prevent the fame' from bending, wherefrom the Officer of Excife mby gauge the Liquor in loch Cooler; or if there (hall not be a firm Hand-rail of length of fuch Stage, conveniently placed in refpeft thereto, every Diftiller fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.	Penalty.

XXIII.	And be it further enadVed, That every fuch Diftiller (hall Spirit*,&c. ffiaH keep all Spirits diftilled, and all Wa(h, Pot Ale, Singlings and Low be kept in Stores Wines, m the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller, or in fome Store or Stores *n or adjoining is or adjoining to fuch Diftdlery, regiftered in manner hereinbefore t0 Diftillery. mentioned ; and all Spirits, Wa(h, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines,

which (hall be found in any Store or Stores not fo regiftered, (hall be forfeited and may be feized, and the Diftiller or Diftillers, Or other Pcrfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall belong, (hall, for every Gallon of fuch Spirits, and for every Ten Gallons of Wa(h or Pot Ale, and for tvny Three Gallons of Singlings and Low Wines, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings.	Penalty.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded. That all Spirits ftored in the Caflcs containing Store or Diftillery of any Diftiller, (hall be kept in Calks of the Size Spirit* Couten* or Content of not left than Sixty Gallons each 5 and if any Calk (hall

be found in any fuch Store or Diftillery containing Spirits which (hall be of any left Size or Content, fuch DifttHer (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every fuch Calk.	Penalty.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful Officers em-forany Officer of Excife, at all Times, as well by Night as by Day, powered to enter to enter ioto every Houfe, Diftillery, Still-houfe, Out-houfe, Store

led Place whatsoever, of or belonging to or made ufe of by any fuch e ccouu WUct in Ireland, and to gauge, meafure and $ake an Account of «try Still, Still-head, Copper, Keevc, Vat, Cooler, Back, Pipe,

Ski, Trank or other Veffel or Utenftl of anjr Kind, of or belong-



Google

mg

A.D.iSi2.

*7°

C.4*.

5 2° GEO. III.

Obftrulttng

Officers.

Penalty.

Caflcs to be placed conveniently for gauging.

Pensltv.

Diftillers (hall turnilh Officers with Ladders and Hifficitut Lights.

ptnahy".’

Officer may prefer Water in Worm Tub to be tun off.

ing to or kept by any fuch Diftiller, and to gfcuge and take an Account of all Spirits which fhall be from time to time made or diftilled, and of all Malt and Corn, and of all Worts, Wafh, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines and Materials whatfoever, for making or diftilbog Spirits which fhall be from time to time made ufeof by luch Diftiller, and of all fuch Spirits which fhall be from time to time made ufe of by fuch Diftiller, and of all fuch Spirits and Materials for making or diftilling of fuch Spirits as fhall be in any Houfe, Diftillery, Store or Place belonging to fuch Diftiller, and make Returns thereof in1 manner hereinafter mentioned.	j

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Officer of Exeifej or his Afliftant, fhall be hindered, obftruded or prevented by any! Diftiller, or by any Servant or Perfon acting in Employment of fuch! Diftiller, from enttring into any fuch Diftiller)’, or any Houfe, Out-1 houfe, Store or other Place whatfoever of fuch Diftillery, or if any fuch Officer or his Affiftants having entered, fhall be hindered, ob-llru&ed or prevented by fuch Diftiller, or by any Servant or Perfon a&ing in the Employment of fuch Diftiller, or in or upon the Pre* mifes of fuch Diftiller, from gauging any Veffels, or taking any Account of the Stock of Malt, Corn or Spirits of fuch Pifliiler, or of1 any Liquor or Ingredients preparing for or ufed or ready to be ufedj in diftilling in fuch Diftillery, or from feeing the whole Procefa oil diftilling completely finifhed, or from taking an Account of the Li-1 quors diftilled or to be diftilled, or in Procefs of diftilling, or from doing any Part of his Duty, every fuch Diftiller fhall, for every fuch Offence, refpeftively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That everyfuch Diftiller fhall place and keep all Cafks and Vcffels in which any Spirits fhall be ftored or kept, or which fhall be made ufe of in diftilling, in convenient Situations, with their Dipping Place uppermoft and eafy of Accefs, in fuch manner as any Officer of Excife in Charge of the Diftillery fhall reafonably diredk, for the more readily and tffc&uaily taking the Gauge thereof; or in Default thereof, every fuch Diftiller fhall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Cafk or Vcffel not fo placed.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadled, That if any fuch Diftiller on Demand of any Officer of Excife, made at the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller, fhall not furnifh, or caufe to be furnifhed, a ftrong and fafe Ladder with Steps Four Inches broad at the leaft, or fhall not have provided a Hand Rail, or a Rope in Nature of a Hand Rail, conveniently placed with refpeA to fuch Ladder, of Length fufficient to enable fuch Officer to afeend to and examine any Cooler, Back, Worm, Tub or other Veflel or Utenfil in -fuch Diftillery, or fhall not fix fuch Ladder at the Dipping Place of any fuch Cooler, Back, Worm, Tub or other Veflel or Utenfil, where fuch Officer fbaJl require ; or fhall, on any Vifit made by any Officer of Excife, negled or refufe to fupply every fuch Officer, on Demand, with fufficient Lights for the Purpofe of fearching and gauging all the Stock on hand belonging to fuch Diftiller, as well by Day as by Night, every Diftiller fo offending in any of the cafe3 aforefaid, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled, That if any Officer of Excife fhall at any time, when Singlings or Spirits fhall not he running off from a Still, require that the Water contained in the Worm Tub

belonging



agrog- to fuch Still (hall be drawn or run off, the fame (hall be u or run off accordingly ; and if the fame (hall not be drawn or off by fome Perfon in the Diftillery, it (hall be lawful for any Officer to draw or run off fuch Water, or fo much thereof as latt think neceffary ; and if the Water (hail not be fo drawn or off at the Requeft of fuch Officer, the Diftiller in whofe Diftil-fuch Worm-tub (hall be (ituate (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty tads.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Officer of Ex-i fall not be admitted into any Diftillery, after having demanded Buttance into the fame, and declared his Name and Bufinefs, and r having waited for the Space of One Quarter of an Hour after I Demand made, at the Houfe of the Diftiller, or the Gate or-frace Door, or any Window of the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller, ^ Diftiller (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One iwd Pounds.

XXXI. And whereas Diftillers have frequently made ufe of bees adjoining their own Houfes or Diftilleries, for the Purpofe t daodeftinely making, brewing, diddling or concealing their fak, Wafti, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines or Spirits;* For fcedy whereof. Be it further ena&ed, That if the Owner or Oc-jh’of any Houfe, Store or other Place adjoining to or in the gbbourhood of the Dwelling Houfe or Diftillery of any Diftiller, I any Servant of the Owner or Occupier of any fuch Houfe or St, (hall not, on Demand of any Officer of Excife, made in the p-time, admit fuch Officer of Excife, or (hall not allow him to enter fearch fuch Houfes, Store or Place, for Malt, Worts, Wa(h, tAle, Singlings, Low Wines or Spirits, fuch Occupier of fuch ■lie, Store or other Place, (hall in every fuch onfe forfeit the Sum Fifty Pounds.

tXXII. And be it further ena&ed, That if no Perfon (hall attend

topear in fuch Houfe, Store or Place as aforefaid, to give Entrance neb Officer, it (hall be lawful, in the Day-time, for fuch Officer I bis Affiftants, or in the Night-time, for fuch Officer and his BftanU, in the Prefence of a Con ft able or other Peace Officer, R> is hereby authorized and required to be aiding and affifting fcrin, to break open and enter fuch Houfe, Store or Place, and ke Search therein for any Malt, Waffi, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low br< or Spirits, which fuch Officer may have reafonable or pro-

SCanfe to fufpe& to be fraudulently concealed therein: Pro-always, that if upon Search no fuch Malt, Wafti, Pot Ale, IgfiogS Low Wines or Spirits (hail be found, fuch Officer (hall ■tar all the Damages done, or make reafonable Satisfa&ion for the m to the Owner or Occupier of fuch Houfe, Store or Place. rftXXlII. And be it further ena&ed, That if the Houfe, Store or fcce broken open and entered, (hall comfnunicate with the Diftillery* tiay Pan of the Premife3 thereunto belonging, and if fuch Diftiller, If feme Perfon on his Behalf* (hall not on Demand made, give En* fetoce into foch Diftillery to any Officer requiring the fame, every fell Diftfe (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

■ XXXIV. And be it further ena&ed. That whenever any fuch toller (hall intend to brew or mafti any Corn, fuch Diftiller (hall, bwHours at lealt before he (hall brew or mafti any Com, give Notice ••the Officer in Charge of the Diftillery pf fuch Diftiller (by an Entry

Penalty.

Refuting Admit* tance to Officer.

Penalty.

Owner of adjoin* ing Houfe to admit Officer to fearch in Daytime.

Penalty.

If no Perfon appears to give Entrance, Officer may break opcn,&c.

Officer may en« ter DiftiUeriea from adjoining Houfes. Penalty.

Diftiller to give Notice of malh-ing Corn.



C.48.

52‘GEO.III.

JLD.il

Ptiulty.

Pot Ale diftilled in orderin which brewed.

Penalty.

Keeping in Backs of full Content of Still, lefs Quantity of Pot Ale than full Charge of Still.

Penalty.

Jio Allowance for Groutiog.

fry to be made in a Book to be provided by fuch Officer for J Diftiller, and to be kept in fuch Diftillery 1 of the particular f and Time when fuch Diftiller fo intends to brew or mafh toy ( and the Number of Bufhels of Corn, diftin ruifhing whether 1 or unmalted, or Meal intended to be ufed n every fuch Brew MafHing, and alfo the time when fuch Brewi jg will be corapletd the Worts be off; and if fuch Diftiller fhal inteud to makeq cond Mafhing of the fame Materials, with an} Addition thereto® further Quantity of Corn malted or unmaltec, fuch Diftiller ftu| a like Notice ; and fuch Book (hall be caref Lilly kept by lock j tiller, and the faid Entries being made then 111, the (aid Book! within Forty eight Hours after the Erpintion of every Four Weeks or Twenty eight Day*, be deli rered by fuch E fuch Officer; and in cafe any Corn, malted or un malted, i mafbed or brewed in the DiftiUery of any D, ftiljer without f« tice being given by Entry to be made in fuch Book, every fudl tiller (hall, tor every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pop!

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every brewing of V Wafh or Pot Ale, (hall be feparately run off i uto or placed oa f and (hall be therein gauged by the proper Officer within a ra time before the fame Hudl be let into any fermenting Back; 1 Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, (hall be diflilled in the Order in whi lame was brewed 5 and that no newer Wort®, Wafh or Pot Alc| be diftilled while there is any older Worts, Waffi or Pot Ale,c and not diftilled; and that if any fuch WorU, Wafh or Pot J be found in the Diftillery of aoy Diftiller, which (hall not b fo run off into and placed on Coolers, and remain thereon for] fonable time, ^n order that the fame may be gauged acc which (hall have kero brewed longer than any fuch Worts,

Pot Ale, as (hall have been then actually diftilled or diftilling,| fuch Diftiller (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of | Pounds.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&cd. That no Diftiller lie der this A£t, (hall put into or keep in any Back, Cooler or | Veffel, which (hall be capable of containing the full Charge < Still of fuch Diftiller, at any one time, afmaller Quantity of V Wafh or Pot Ale, than the full Charge of fuch Still; nor fhil in any One fuch Back Two or more different Brewings oH Wafh or Pot Ale, or any Part thereof 5 nor (hall put any Low 1 or Singlings into any Veffel, until every other Veffel in luchDifl in which any Low Wines or Singlings (hall have been previoufH (hall be completely filled with Low Wines or Singlings; and] Back, Cooler or other Veffel, in the Diftillery of any DiilUlcr, u found containing any Worts, Wafh, Pot Ale, Law Wines or I lings, contrary to the Regulations of this Ad, fuch E)ifhf every fuch Offence, (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That uo Allowance \

made in the guaging or taking Account of the Contents of any I Vat or other Veffel, for or in refped of any Grouting or G| Corn, or Meal or other Compofition, Matter or Thing added f Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale in fuch Back, Vat pr other Veffel, I fuch Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, are in the Couife of Prrparatif being diftilled.	>

s	xxxvui/



AJLiSii.	GEO,	III.	C*4$.	273

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Officer of Ex- Mode of chsrg-tjfc keeping an Account of Worts, Waflx, Pot Ale, Lovr Wines or i«g from De-fcgbrfcS (hall charge the Diftiller upon any Decreafe of Worts, jfffh or Pot iUe, for a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate A **“ S“1*’ gOoe Gallon of Spirits for every Ten Gallons of fuch Worts,

Wa& or Pot Ale fo decreafed ; and upon any Decreafe of any Low Wines or Singlings, fuch Officer (hall charge the Di(filler for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of T wo Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of fuch Low Wines or Singlings fo decreafed, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity of Worts, WsQi,

Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings refpe&ively ; and when and 9s often any Still (ball be charged with any Waih or Pot Ale, the Officer foil charge the Diftiller for a Quantity of Spirits calculated it the Rate of One Gallon of Spirits for every Ten Gallons of fuch Waffiar Pot Ale, according to the Content of fuch Still, eftimated as in tins A€L is mentioned ; and when and as often as any Still (hall be charged with any Low Wines or Singlings, the Officer (hall charge the DiffiBer for a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Tvo Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of fuch Low Wines or fegbogs, according to the Content of fuch Still eftimatcd as afore-deducting r in both cafes from the Content of fuch Still One eighth ftrt thereof for Liberty for fuch Still to work, and the Officer fhaU ppfct a Return of the Quantities of Spirits and of the Duties thereon msfdingly, and fuch Diftiller (hall pay the Duty fo charged and sctjiraed» and every fuch Dialer (hall, over and above the Quantities iSwtCwd, be charged with and pay Duty for as much more Spirits ap he (hall adually di&il.

XXXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That all W»(h or Pot Ale Pot Ale not dif-phkh foU not be diddled Jit the Expiration pf Six Days, including H]lcd ",thm the Day of brewing and the Pay of diddling the fame, (hall b* curled!* coefidered as Waft-or Pot Ale, npt included in any former Charge agabftthc pi&iller, and fuch Dili iller (hall be charged with Duty is refped of fuch Wadi or Pot Ale, according to the Directions of $bii Ad.

XL. And be it further enabled, That no Diftiller (hall boil, heat Worts not to be or prepare, by means of Fire, any Worts, Wa(h, Pot Ale or other ^eated ***** Liquor, io aery Copper, VefTel or other Utenfil whatever, other than *erme8UlW a Bcenfed Still, after fuch Worts, Wa(h, Pot Alo or other Liquor fo been fermented ; but that aU Worts, Waih, Pot Ale, Liquor pr other Materials foil, after Fermentation, be fairly put intp a Bended Still without having undergone boiling, heating, or asy Preparation by means of Fire, whereby the Procefs of DiftiLtion ny he lhortened or accelerated, or attempted to be (hortened or accelerated, 00 Pain pf forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Penalty, foch Offence.

XLL And be it further epa&ed, That if any Officer of Excife Contents of foil End anr Still at work, an^i the Dilliller or any Perfon employe*!	de~

by foch Diftiller, (hall refufe to declare what fuch Still then contains, p!Le’edinM. k (ball be lawful for fuch Officer of Excife to charge the Diftilier as if foch Still contained Singlings or Low Wines, and fuch Didillor ball pay the Duties by. this A€t chargeable accordingly.

XLU. And be it further ena&ed, That no Liquor (hall be de- What coufidor*! fod as Feints or taken as fuch in any Diftillery, which (hall be of a “ Ft^ts*

|WUr Strength than Eighty five per Centum uuder Proof; and



A.D.i8t!

Decreafe in Feints, Diftillcr chargee'.

Declaration of Stock.

Penalty.

Pot Ale, &c. founft after Declaration forfeited.

Penalty.

Mode of declar ing Stock of Spirits.

Penalty.

Notice to brew Pot Ale and Commencement of working Still.

C.48.	5	2°	GEO.	III.

that in cafe any Liquor declared as Feints (hall be found of a jjrtfte Strength, the fame fhall be charged as Singlings or Low Whw and that no Liquor called Feints, fhall be diftilled or otherwifedi pofed of than by being, at the Option of the Diftiller, fpilleW mixed with Pot Ale or Wafh, in the Prefence of an Officer of Exdffl and that if anyDecreafe fhall at any time be found in the Quanta* of fuch Feints, more than isjuftified by the Quantity fo mixed wft Wafh or Pot Ale, or fo fpilled as aforefaid, in the Prefence of an 01-cer, fuch Diftiller fhall be charged for a Quantity of Spirits in ?Vk portion of One Gallon of Spirits to every Three Gallons of fnck Decreafe of Quantity in fuch Feints.

XLIII. And be it further ena&ed, That as often as any Officer of Excife fhall have entered into the Diftillery, Warehoufe, Store or any other Place belonging to any Diftillcr licerifed under thin Act, fuch Diftiller or fomc Perfon employed on Behalf of fuch Diftilkr, fhall on Demand of any fuch Officer, fhew or caufe to be fhewn to foci Officer, all the Stock on hand of Wafh, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines and Spirits, belonging to fuch Diftiller, and fhall give or caufe to be given to fuch Officer a Declaration of the fame ; that is to fay, that the Stock fo fhewn is all the Stock of Wafh, Pot Ale, Singlmgi or Low Wines and Spirits, of or belonging to fuch Diftiller; and if fuch Diftiller, or fome Perfon on his Behalf, fhall not on Demand made by any fuch Officer, forthwith fhew or caufe to be fhewn fuck Stock, or make fuch Declaration as aforefaid, or if fuch Diftiller or any Perfon fhewing fuch Stock or making fuch Declaration fhal make any falfe or nntrue Declaration of fuch Stock, fuch Diftiller fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit One hundred Pounds; and if any Officer or Officers of Excife fhall upon Search difeover any Wafh, P<A Ale, Singlings or Low Wines or Spirits, belonging tn fuch Diftiller, which fhall not have been duly fhewn or declared, or which fhall be in any Place or Store belonging to fuch Diftiller not regiftcrcd under this A6t, then all fuch Wafh, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines or Spirits fhall be forfeited, and fuch Diftiller fhall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits, and far every-Ten Gallons of Wafh or Pot Ale, and for every Three Gallon* of Singlings or Low Wines, fo found and difeovered.

XLLV. And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Diftiller or Servant, or Perfon in the Employment of fuch Diftiller, who fhall fhew the Stock of fuch Diftiller to any Officer of Excife, fhall count all the Cafks of Spirits and dedaffc the Number thereof, and the Quantity of Spirits contained in each Cafk, to fuch Officer taking an Account of the fame; and in cafe fuch Diftiller, Servant or other Perfon, fhall refufe or neglect fo to do, fuch Diftiller fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if after; fuch Declaration as aforefaid, any of the Cafks which fhall have been declared to contain Spirits, fhall be found to be empty or to contain any other Liquor or Thing fave only Spirits, or a greater or lefs Quantity of Spirits than fo declared as aforefaid, or if more Cafks than One fhall be found not to be full, or if a greater Number of Cafks fhall be found than have been fo declared, every fuch Calk and the Contents thereof fhall be forfeited, and may be feized.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every fuch Diftiller (hall before commencing to brew any Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, and alio before commencing to work any Still in any Year, and fo in like

planner



fli.

52* GBO. III.

C48.	27$

xhrt ha or fl* (hall recommence to brew any Worts, Wafti Lie, or to work any Still after any Difcontinuance thereof in ir, give Six Days Notice in Writing, of which the Day of A faefc Notice to be reckooed one, to the Collector or other fitter io Charge of the Collection of the Diftrid in which the y of Aich DiftiUer (hall be fituate, and to the Surveyor and n Charge of the Diftillery of fuch DiftHler, felting forth the d Hour when fuch Diftiller intends to commence lo to brew wfcany Still refpedively, or to recommence fo to brew any Waft or Pot Ale, or to work anv Still after any Difcon-thereof; and any Diftiller who (hall brew any Worts, Wafh AJe, or who Stall work any Still without having given fuch e Notices, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Doe hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

L Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no other Diililler com* n Monday (hall be mentioned in any fuch Notice for com- fencing and w recommencing to work a Still, and that no fuch Diililler ^c^mencin8 mcace or recommence to work any Still in purfoance of any bee, except on a Monday, and every fuch Still (hall be pre-9 be kept regularly at work from tbe Day mentioned in bee for commencing or recommencing to work fuch Still, vorkisg thereof fliall be difeontinued in manner hereinafter d; that is to fay, every fuch Diililler may from time to Notice.

:oQtinue the working of any fuch Still on giving a Notice in Diftiller dtfeon-of foch his Intention to difeontinue fuch working to the tinuing Work, r or other Chief Officer m Charge of the Coiledion of the and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Diftillery DiftHler, Six Days at the lead previous to the Day men-hndo for difcondnOkig to work, requiring by fuch Notice ShU may be locked on the Day exprefled in fuch Notice, fysg the Day and Hour of the Day at which fuch working cd to be difeontinued : Provided always, that no other Day Provifo.

mentioned in any fuch Notice for difeontinuing to ad that fach Monday (hall be the clofe of a Period of Weeks ar whereof the common Diviforor aliquot Part (hall he Four,

I act be lefa than Four Weeks diftant from the time of com-to work fuch StiH in any Year, nor lefs than Four Weeks rom the time of recommencing to work the fame after any ■uaooe in fuch Year 5 and that the Hour of the Day fpeci-icb Notice ffia11 be fome Hour before Twelve of the Clock at tfech Monday.

II. And be it further enaded, That at the time fpecified On Notice of Notice of Difcontinuance, it (hall and may be lawful for any DUcontiuuance, of Exdfe in Charge of fuch Diftillery, and he is hereby ?M,ccr to fai‘c0 Itoftnpdown and fatten the Head of fuch Still by locking w * e, tad to lock the Door of the Furnace Grate, and to (top ek die difehargiog Cock or Pipe of fuch Still; and if foch Not allowed to lull be pre vented from fo doing by any Perfon at fuch Diftil- do lV’ Dlft,ller rioocmfcqueiice of the Diftdlery being blocked, and no Perfon ^j^nue c ar*** agto give Entrance to fuch Officer, or otherwife, or if fuch tall in any Event not be locked in manner thereby direded, hftiBer (ball continue to be charged with and pay Duty as if •ot given fuch Notice of Difcontinuance as aforefaid, and fuch thiBbe deemed void and of no Effed*

HGii.III.

T

XLVIII. And

	C

A.D.i8u

376	C.48.	5 2° GEO.	III.

Still found warm jttcr Notice of Di&ontinuance.

Penalty.

Diftiller may recommence on giving Notice.

Moothly

Charges.

00 Charges for every Still not

exceeding 65 Gallons Content; and 60 Charges for Stil's exceed ing 65 and not Exceeding 100 Gallons.

XLVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if at any time fuh fequent to Twenty four Hours after any Still (hall have been locM or by any of the Provifions of this A& ought to have been locked, a after the time mentioned in fuch Notice as aforefaid, of difcontiuiift the working of fuch Still, fuch Still or the Works in which it u6 fhall be found warm, the Diftiller or Diflillers in wbofe Poffeffionlfc fame (hall be fo found (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pouodk

XLIX. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Diftiller wti (hall have difeontinued the working of any Still in manner aforcfcii (hall intend to fet at work again fuch Still fo difeontinued, fuch Dfc tiller (hall deliver a Notice in Writing of fuch his Intention to the CA le&or, or other Chief Officer in Charge of the Colle&ion of the Dif tri&, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the DiftiHord fuch Diftiller, Six Days at lead before the Day on which fuch Dif tiller (hall intend to recommence the Working of fuch Still, fpcdfj. ing the Day, agreeable to the Provifions of this A&, and the Hal on which he intends fo to recommence the Working of fuch St3j which Day (hall be a Monday, and (hall not be lef3 than Four Week dillant from the time of the laft Difcontinuance of the Working oi fuch Still; and One of fuch Officers to whom fuch Notice fhall b given (hall attend and open the Locks and Faftenings of fuch Stil accordingly, and (hall charge fuch Diftiller with Duty as herein vided, from the Day mentioned in the Notice for Recommencement d the Working of fuch Still.

L. And be it further ena&ed. That every fuch Diftiller who All not difeontinue working for the Remainder of the Year, purfuanttfl the Provifions of this A&, (hall, during the Continuance of his Ii cence, in every Year be charged with and pay Duty in refpe&oftm Still belonging to fuch Diftiller, according to the Content thereot and according to a certain Number of Charges of Singlings or Lou Wines for fuch Still, and according to a certain Number of Weekl and Days as hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, every fuch Di(| tiller (hall be chargeable and charged for fuch Still for not left tlai Twenty four Weeks or One hundred and fixty eight Days during the Continuance of his Licence in every fuch Year; and that for eta] Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days while fuch Still (hall continoej or (hall be prefumed to continue working, or (hall be chargeable a working under this A&, fuch Diftiller (haU be chargeable and charged with, and (hall pay Duty for fuch Quantity of Spirits as might h< produced according to the Rates in this A& mentioned, from the ieveral Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines hereinafter feverally fet forth, for and in refpe& of Tuch Still, be ing of the feveral Contents following ; that is to fay, from Ninety Charges of L01 Wines or Singlings for every Still not exceeding Sixty five Gallons Content, and from Sixty fuch Charges of Low Wines or Singling! for every Still exceeding Sixty five Gallons Content, and not exceed mg One hundred Gallons Content; and that every ftcb Diftiller (hall, over and above the refpe&ivc Quantities aforefaid, be chargeable and charged with and pay Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates in this A& mentioned) from all Worts, Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, which fuch Dif tiller (hall a&ually diftil within every fuch Period of Four Weeks 01 Twenty eight Days; and every fuch Diftiller (hall a tfo be cbargeablt and charged with and pay Duty for fuch Quantity af Spirits as (hall

be



*77

. 52° GEO. HI.	'C*48«

‘kaftnaDy diftiHed in fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days exceeding the refpe&ive Quantities aforefaid; and the Sur-'jeror and Gauge* in Charge of the Diftiilery of fuch Diftiller, (hall,

AW Return tor every fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight .Days which any fuch Still (hall continue or be prefumed to continue working, or fhall be chargeable as working, make a Return and Charge won fuch Diftiller of fuch Quantities of -Spirits for which • Inch DrfmJer is hereby chargeable with Duty for fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, and every fuch Diftiller (hall fXf the Duty appearing by fuch Return and Charge to have be-cone due and payable.

LI. And be it further ena&ed. That in cafe the Quantity of Spirits Offirerroretuni charged upon any Diftiller in any Year ending on the Twenty ninth Deficiency of Aembtr (hall not amount to the full Quantity of Spirits ? for which fuch Diftiller is by this A& chargeable with Duty within inch Year, being for a Period of Twenty four Weeks or One hun-•dnd and iixty eight Days, according to the Rates aforefaid, the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of the Diftiilery of fuch Diftiller, foal, within Twenty Days after fuch Twenty ninth Day of Sebtem-for, ooke a Return to the Colle&or or other Chief Officer in Charge .<£ the Collection of the Diftri& in which fuch Diftiilery (hall be Abate, of fuch Quantities of Spirits, and of the Duties thereon, as .with the Quantities comprifed in any former Return or Returns of Spirits againft fuch Diftiller, within the Year ending fuch Twenty jvth Day of September, (hall amount to the full Quantity of Spirits for which fuch Diftiller is by this A& made chargeable with Duty,

*fot the Period of Twenty four Weeks, or One hundred and fixty right Days in fuch Year, according to the Rates aforefaid 5 and fuch Return (haft be a Charge on fuch Diftiller, who (hall pay the Duty fpporing by fuch. Return to have become due and payable, within Ten Days after fuch Return (hall have been made, or (hall for every Defouk forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Dou- Penalty*

Me the Duty fo returned and charged.

LIL Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Commiflioners Diftiller (hall be defirous of obtaining a Licence for any Still or Stills, empowered to *aor time between the Firft Day of November in any Year, and	fet**1

dbe Twenty ninth Day of September, in the fucceeding Year, or in cafe up -In Courfe #f say Diftiller being licenfed for a Term longer than One Year, (hall any Year, coaunence working for the Year at any time between the Firft Day of Nwember in any Year, and the Twenty ninth Day of September in tfefocceediog Year, then and in either of the faid cafes it (hall and ray be lawful for the Commiflioners of Excife to reduce the Quantity rsf Spirits for which fuch Diftiller is by this A& chargeable with hity.for and in refpeff of fuch Still or Stills, during any fuch Year,

9 fuch Quantity of Spirits as may reasonably be diftilled in fuch fell or Stills between the time that fuch Licence (hall be fo granted, ir the time when fuch Diftiller (hall fo commence working for the fear, and the Twenty ninth Day of September then next enfuing ; prided that fuch Redu&ion (hall be in the Proportion to the Part of the Year which (hall have elapfed from the Twenty ninth Day of I timber preceding the taking out of fuch Licence, or preceding the OMneiflg to work for fuch Year to the time of the taking out of tW kmc, as Twenty four Weeks is to Fifty two Weeks, and that the taking out any. licence for fuch Still or Stills (hall in all T 2	other



Diftiller after working right Weeks, may difcontinue for Remainder of Year, and have Licence withdrawn.

fcnat,,.

Diftiller on dif-continuing Bufi-nefs on Expiration of Licence, fhall remove his Still

dtherrefpefls be fiibg'eft and liable to all the Rules and Regukirf in this A€t contained.

HIL Provided aifo, and be it further ena&ed, That if aoy Da tiller who tell hatte Worked Eight Weeks or more in any Ob? V I (haU he defirous to difcontimie working for the Remainder of m Year, it tell and may be lawful for fuch Diftiller to difcontiiiut fuH ing accordingly, on giving a Notice in Writiftg of hie Inteutiook* difcontinue working fat the Remainder of the Year to the C betters of Excife, and alfo to the Collector or other Chief Oftr I Charge of the Colledion of the Diftrid,and to the Surveyor or G:g in C harge of the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller, Ten Daya at teM previous to the Day mentionud for fo difcontiiroing to work fen ' Remainder of the Year; ami m fuch cafcs it (hall amd may br kw for the (aid GoanfrHIkvntrs 6f Excife, or any Three of them, tacsG the Licence granted to fuch Diftiller to be ended and determW t the Year ending era the Twenty ninth Day of Sepftmk* then or? eufuiiig; and it (hill dKo be lawful for the faid Ccrmrtiifcaefi t redriee the Quantity df Spirits for which fuch Diftiller teii kf Ad be chargeable with Duty during the Year, to fudh Qaastt? fuck Diftitter tel be drtfgcaffte with during fo May Ptm tfottr Weeks as kick Difofier fhall have actually continued Wsrl' or tel have heCft chargeable as continuing to work, togetherr* fuch further Quantity of Spirit s ns fhall hate been actually djftHr or as fright be produced from all Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wtaa [ BrngRngs, which fuflh Dittller find) have (lifttiled during facto P adcdrdmg to tke Rates ia this A ft fpeeftied; and if at air after the Day menttaAed in any fuch Notice of any fuch DU tor fh difcoutinoing to work for the Remainder of the Year, x fach Dsftflier Audi knew any Worts, Wafh or Pert Ala, or teftH any Waflt, Pot Ale, 8ingfcn^ or Low Wines, or (hall wwi * StiH or Stills in foedi Dmillery, or if after the Day frentrafttd ( fo difcdnrtinuing to work9 any Worts, Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wa or Singlings, (hall be found, or any Still tell be difeovered until n the Dmillery of fuck Diftiller, or fhall be di(covered to k WOrked iflet fuch Notice, fuch Diftiller (hall, for every fuch Oft* forfeit and pay the Stnn of l ive hundred Pounds; and it (hallr.r lawful for the faid Commifiioners of Excife to licenfe ary Pteir ha*e, keep or frake aft of, nor for any Perfon to have, keep of r aft of any Still in the faid Diftillery for the Remainder of fu nor during the Term of Oik Year nett enfwing the Twenty m Day of .Septahbir after fuch Offence (hall have been committed, Licence previoufly granted to fuch Perfon notwithflanding.

LIV. And be k further enabled, That in all cafes where taj P fen (hall, at the Expiration of any Licence granted under tku A difcontinue the Trade and Bufinefs of a Diftiller, or fhall at time during the Continuance of his Licence, difcontinue vrorkiag the Remainder of the Year, in manner herein mentioned, fuch F (haU, within Seven Days after the Expiration of l'uch Licence, or s' fo difeontinuing to work, taufe the Works in which any Still ir Diftillery of fuch Diftiller was let, to be taken down, and ML place ahd remove fuch Still, and fhall alfo difplace and remover-the Worm-tub the Worm belonging to fuch Still, and fhall, sro Seven Days then next following, fend or convey fiich Still, and * Head and Wotm belonging to the fame, to the Excife Office of



Google

'D. lilt

m

$2P GEO, IIL	C.4?*

iiflA fo which fti$ft DiftiJiery (hall be fi*u*|je, there to b* kept Twelv«CaieBdar Months, wlefg tfo fame (hall, within the foi<J rive (>fondar Months, be redefoiered to tfo Proprietor thereof, on being Scenied under ftfefo A4» or foall be difopfed of by fuch Prcv ietor to (foe liceqfod Diftiller, wlifoh it foal! be lawful for foeh pnetor to do ; end fa eafo wy fuck Still or Head, or Worm of a ♦ M WHfou at faid Ejtcife Office for the Space of wore than ^eCaJeodar Months, it (had he lawful for the Collector, or other ef Officer in Charge of the Collection of the DiftriCt, to break reader ufelefs any fufb gtiil, Still Head or Worm, aqd to .c d * Materials thereof to be fojd, a«4 the Produce thereof, after .ding all Expenses of fuch £*ie, and a reafonable Sum for the CHiie Room for the fame, during the fold Twelve Calendar ui« feaH be paid by foch C©Jle<i^ tQ the Proprietor thereof;

<de any Still, Mill Head or Worm, fka.ll be found in the - v, ar in apy other Place « the Occupation of any Perfon ill have fo difcootinued the J3uft#ef? of a Diftiller, at any time tfo jfod of Fourteen Days after the Expiration or Determina*

.< say Licence to foch Diftiller, fuch Still, Still Head or «. /ball be forfeited, and may be foiled, and the Perfon in whofe Mm or on whofe Premises the fame (hall be found, (hall forfeit Penalty.

Sum of One hundred Pounds.

. iVftd he k further enafted, That the Surveyor, Gauger or Officers tp make rOticer af E*cife fo Charge of the HiftiMery of any Dikiller Monthly Re-1 foil be ifornfed under this A&, (hall, within Five Days next turn* °f Duty, tae of every Period of Four Weeks during which any fuch

fell work, or be cwftdened as working under this A&*	”

4e a detain in Writing to the Golie&or of the (aid DiftriCt, or tf Officer in Charge of the Collection of the fame, of the Quanta( Spirits for which fuch Divider fo by this A& made charger -- w;th Duty, and the Duty thereon for fuch Period of Four >*«ks; and fuch Return (hall be a Charge upon every fuch Di&lief Period of Four Weeks ; and every fuch Officer (hall, and he to leave a true Copy of fuch Return fo Writing for fo Hand, with every fuch Diftijler, or at foch Diftiikry,

WO Psin of Meixfag the gum of Twenty Poumfo for every fuch Penalty. w Omiftu.u fa fo doing.

. »■ i. food he it further e patted, That every fuch 1)iiliHer foal 1 alfo Diftiller tp make -‘Cti bis proper Hand, Or under ti\e Hand of fonw Perfon for whom Monthly Kntnr Ldilfor (foil be refoonfihle, wklun Five Days next after the °f.9ujnt‘ty

Period of Four Weeks during >vhich fuch Dilliller foall Xrjeable. •wk nr fo confideced as working u«der tide Ait, at the Excife :-c£ of the District in which the Distillery of fuch Ddlfoer (hall ate, make or cattle to be made a juft and true Entry of tlie r uty < f Spirits for which fuch Dilliller is, under this Ait, charge-lh Duty, ia fuch Period of Four Weeks ; and every Ditlilky* foolfoitgled to make or eaufe to be made fuch Entry wfthiu tlie

aLfffaid, (hall for every Default forfeit the Sum of Twenty Penalty.

together with a Sinn equal to Double the Duty returned by Officer agaiuft fuch Diftiller for fuch Month.

1. And be it further enacted. That every Diftiller (hall be Diftiller charged, rablc aod charged with Duty upon each and every Return and either by Return ip be made by the Officer of Excife, or by fuch Diftiller rtt fofojbid* according to fuqh of the laid Returns or wjthuiio Diya T 3	Entries



28o

from End of Mouth.

Penalty.

In cafe of Dif-pute Officer to verify Return by Affidavit;

and thereupon Return to be a Charge.

Tensity.

Diftiller when allowed to (fifpute.

Errors in Officers Returns amended;

Diftiller overcharged, Com-miffioners to make Allowance ;

Commiffioners to give Notice

O* 48'

52e GEO. m.

A.D.1IUH

Entries refpe&ively, as (hall produce the higheft Amount of 1 and that every Diftiller fo charged, (hall, within Ten Days from j Monday which (hall conclude every Period of Four Weeks d which fuch Diftiller (hall work or be confidered its working! this A&, pay and clear off, 6r cSmfe to be paid and cleared C Whole of the Duty chargeable for fuch Period of FburWo (hall for every Default forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, 1 with a Sum equal to Double the Duty which (hall be fo cb as aforefaid.

LVill. And be it further ena&ed, That as often as any ] (hall arife between any Officer of Excifeand any fuch Diftiller I ing the Amount of Duty charged by the Return of fuch f Upon fuch Diftiller, for or in reipeft of any Quantity of Spiri fuant to this A6t, fuch Officer (hall verify by Affidavit made1! the Collector or other Chief Officer in Charge of the Collefo the Diftritt, or before fome Juftice of the Peace, that the I made by him is true and fair, according to the befl of bisM and Knowledge, and thereupon fuch Return (hall be a Charged the Diftiller disputing the lame ; and if fuch Diftiller (hall notj the Difference between the Amount of the Duty fo returned byl Officer, and the Sum fo paid by fuch Diftiller, within Ten Days! after fuch Return of fuch Officer (hall be fo verified by Affidti aforefaid, fuch Diftiller (hall, for every fuch Default, forfeit T# Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Difference b the Amount of Duty fo returned by fuch Officer and the I paid by fuch Diftiller; Provided always, that no Diftiller (I allowed to controvert or difpute any Return or Charge of Duty I by any Officer, unlefs fuch Diftiller (hall have made a regular F of the Quantity of Spirits by him diftilled, in manner requirt this A6t, and paid the Duty chargeable on the fame, and f fuch his Entry make his Obie&ion to the Return or Charge <3 Officer.

LIX. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Excife (hall at any time neglect or omit to make a Return 1 to the Provifions of this A&, againft any Diftiller, or (hal time have committed any Error in any Return as aforefaid, bv i ing or charging in fuch Return a greater or lefs Quantity of f or a greater or lefs Amount of Duty than ought to have been re or charged by him againft any fuch Diftiller, according to t regions of this A&, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch ( cer, or for any other Officer of Excife, and they are hereby nl tively required to make a Return in cafe no Return (hall harel made, or to re&ify fuch erroneous Return as may have been m as-fpeedily a6 may be convenient, and to report the fame tottel Commiflioners of Excife, and in cafe 6f a Return made by reifrf an Omiflion in the Officer in Charge of a Diftillery, to maketl turn purfuant to the Provifions of this A£f; or if it (hall appetrl the Quantity of Spirits and the Amount of Duty charged fci erroneous Return as aforefaid, againft any Diftiller, was greater u the fame ought to have been, it (hall and may be lawful for tltei Commiflioners of Excife, and they are hereby required to Allowance forthwith to fuch Diftiller of the Amount of J overcharged ; and if it (hall appear that the Quantity of Spin the Amount of Duty charged in any Return agtinft any J



Google

Uh8n.

J2» GEO, III.	C.48.	281*

® lefa thin the fame ought to have been, or in cafe of a Return to Diftiller of

ade as afordiud, by reaion of the Omifllon of the Officer to make **c®c‘c c) *

Return purfuant to the Provifions of this A&, it ffiall and may be

wful for the fax! Coramiffioners of Excife, and they are hereby re-

aired to give Notice to fuch Diftillcr of the Amount of the Duty

stained u fuck Return fo made as aforefaid, by reafon of the Omif-

onof a Return inpurfuance of the Provifions of this Ad, or of the

)efideBcyof the Duty in confequence of fuch erroneous Return;

ad if fuch Diftiller ftiall not, within One Calendar Month after fuch New Return

Notice* /hew fufficient Caufe to fuch Commiftioners of Excife, why and Duty

e Aodd not be charged with and pay the Sum contaiued in fucn dialed,

jfturn or fuch Deficiency, it (hall be lawful for the faid Com mi f-

3octs of Excife to order a Return to be made to the Colledor of the

titoift within which fuch Diftillery is fituate, of the Amount of fuch

)uty or Deficiency, and the Duty fpecified in fuch Return (hall be

Surcharge on fuch Diftiller; and if fuch Diftiller ffiall not upon if not paid within

leaned or within Ten Days next after, pay the full Amount of Ten Da)s after

tch Duty fo furcharged, fuch Diftiller ffiall forfeit the Sum of Ten j^en™and*

oaodsiod a Sum equal to Double the Amount of Duty which ffiall Return a $ur-

e fo retained and furcharged: Provided that no fuch Return ffiall charge.

r 1 Surcharge on any Diftiller, unlefs it ffiall have been made, and

k Amount thereof demanded, within Nine Calendar Months after

le Date of the original Return, or after the Expiration of the Ten

ti within which the fame ought to have been made.

X. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any Diftiller Accidents Com-cenfed ander this A& (hall by any Fatality or unavoidable Accident we been prevented from diftilling any Waffi or Pot Ale within the	1making

mt preferibed by this A£t, it ffiall and may be lawful for the Com- ** OWdnce or* liffiooen of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, on Proof made ) their Safiffa&ioo, that the Fatality or Accident was unavoidable, od oot owing to any Default or Negligence, to abate any Charge f Doable Duty which may have been made on fuch Diftiller in re-*& of fuch Waffi or Pot Ale not having been diftilled within the me aforefaid; and alfo to make any proportionate Allowance to b7 DiftiDer, in Confideration of any Lofs by any Fatality or un-voidable Accident, proved as aforefaid, by which any Waffi, Pot Ik, Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, ffiall have been deftroyed ; od alio to abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Diitiller bfl be chargeable by virtue of this Ad in any Period of Four Weeks, in Confideration of any Fatality or unavoidable Accident,

Kovtd is aforefaid, by which fuch Diftiller ffiall have been prevented twkmginfuch Period of Four Weeks: Provided always, that every fbch Abatement and Allowance be firft approved of bv the Com-fliflboers for executing the Office of Lord High Trealurer of /re-1W, and that no fuch Abatement or Allowance ffiall be made to m Diftiller who ffiall have made any Infurance againft Lofs to be fothiwd by any fuch Fatality or Accident, without regard being kd to the Amount receivable under fuch Infurance.

LXL And be it further ena&ed, That in every cafe where the Decreafe in Wk of Spirits in the Stores of any fuch Diitiller ffiall be lefs than Stock of Spirits* tbtQwatity of Spirits which, by the Stock Account kept by the QStttofEicife, ought to be in fuch Stores, every fuch Diitiller fornsy time fuch Decreafe ffiall appear, ffiall forfeit the Sum of Teo $fc&Bgs for every Gallon of Spirits which ffiall be fo deficient. Penalty.

T 4	LXII.	And



C. 48.

51° GEO. m.



Minute Book? kept in D ftH-lerits.

.Officer to make Entries.

Diftiller to deliver Book to Surveyor.

Penalty.

Spirits fent out lei's than Five Gallons without Permit.

Penalty.

Colle£)or may dill rain for Duties.

EXIT. And be it further enatited, That in the Diiilksy of em\

fuch Diftiller there (ball be fafely kept fuck Mi note Books a* kali delivered to fuch Diftiller by the Gauger or Surveyor in Chagtd fuch Diftdlery, in which Books amy Officer or Officers (hail frontim to time make true Entries of the times when they fhaft leipeffinlj vifit -fuch Diftittery, and of all foch ether Parti col art relative to tfc State and Condition of fuch Diftiitery as fuch Officers hull fade* pedient and neceffary, or as (baM be diire&ed by nay foperior Ofteeri and fuch Diftiller ffiafll within Throe Days after the Twenty tfti Day of December y the Twenty fifth Day of Marti6* the Twwtj fourth Day of June and Twenty owth Day of September refpeffivdj in every Year, deliver up fuch Books to the Surveyor of Enrietha in Charge of fuch Dmisery ; and in cafe wry Dsftdkr to ah■ fuch Book ftiall be tendered by any Officer of Eaerir ft»JI rthk ti receive the fame, or, having received the fame, ffiall sriifiiftf 1m deface, obliterate or alter fuch Book or any Entry therein, or cni the fame to be tern, defaced, obliterated or altered, or ftiall nk or caufe to be made any Entry therein, or in caft any DAJarfl any Perfon employed in the Drftillory of fuck Diftahor, flak KM time when required by any Officer of Ettdfe, negiedl ar vefck 1 prod nee fuch Book, or ftiall negledt to deliver fach Book at the tin aforefaid to the Surveyor of Eitctie,fnch Diftiller fttaft, fareweryfri Offence, fbrfeft the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LXUI. And be it further ena&ed. That If way fuch DiftiBrrftd fend out any'Spirits in anylefs Quantity than Five Gsdlaaa, orlril out being accompanied by a iegal Permit, every fach Diftafcr M forfeit for every Inch Offence the Sum of Fifty Pauods, and ha Spirits and the Calks or Vefteds containing the fame, ffitfikefn feited. and lhall and may be fdeed.

LXIV. And be it further enaded, That in oft odfei wke* tol Duties payable under this A<5t by any fuch Diftiller, fhafthmapai at the Time when fuch Duties are by this A€t made due lad pay able, it (hall be lawful for the Colleger of Eacifo, orutker Cha

Proiluc<* of Sale, how Jilpofcd of.

Diftiller may before Day of Sale obr.iin Permits for Spirits on Payment of Value.

Officer in Charge of the Colle&ion of the Diftraffc ia takkh th Dift Her y of fuch Diftiller fhall be fittwte, by Warrant under k

Hand and Seal, to empower airy Peifon or Perfon ftotdkeadkl t'-riin all Spirits, and all Stills, Still Heads and Won, and all Cafl p ts, and other VefTels and Uterffils fordi Hilling, tried in aoylud JD ftil cry, and all Malt, Corn and other Materials for diftiUiqg, d t^ ca ife the fame to be fold by publick Audbkint; and if after Pq me .t of all D ties and Arrears of Duties due from fiiA DiftiUet together with the Colts and Expeuoesof fuch taking, diftnuoiogao Sale, there (hall be any Surplus-of the Produce arriing from the Sal thereof, fuch Surplus (hall bt* forthwith (entered and paid to fod Dilihler or his Reprefentatives : Provided always, that when s^ Spirits (hall be fo taken and diftrained, it (hall and may be bwft for fuch Diftiller or his Reprefentatives, at any time or times befcw the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to obtain Permits for cot veying all or any Part of fuch Spirits, upon bis or their paying to th Collector or other Chief Officer, towards drfeharging the Duties f due and payable, the real Value of fuch Spirits as he or they flay defire to remove, and the fame may be removed accordingly, and proper Permit or proper Permits, ftiall on due Application be grid for the fame, in like manner as if no Diftrefi 'bid bees made.

LXV. Aim



AAilit.

Jt* GEO. m.	C48.	«t|

JLXV. Aadbe it further ew^ed, Th*t all Still*, StiH Head* and Stills, tec. liable

WcnoM, aad ail Copper*, and all other Veflek and Utenfils for diftil- to Duties &o4

ling, havinjr been ufed in any Diftillery, by what Title or Conveyance Pen,Itl€f*

fomerthetae Audi be claimed, or mi bo wbofe Hands the fame iiall

afeerwards caae, (boll be liable and fubje& to, and are hereby chawed

with all Debts due to the Crown, and Duties of £acife which Audi be

in Anrar and owing by any Perfon, for any Spirits diddled or made

wkhh fuch Didiilery, and ftaU alfo be fubjed to the Payment of all

filch Penalties as (hall have been incurred by any Perfon who (hall

km socapied or safed fccfc Didiilery, for nay Offence agaioff this

M; audit iiall be lawful is ail cafes to levy fuch Debts, Duties,

jbaltks and Forfeitures, by Didnefs aad Sale of fuch Uteohls, as it

would be lawful to do « cafe ti>e Perfon owing fuch Debts and

Dates, or incurring fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, was at the time

fcml Proprietor of fuch Utenfils.

UVL And be k further cea&ed, That if asy Perfon in Ireland Unlicensed Dif* M oake «fo of any StiU, Stdl Head or Worm, for diftdling, or ftaH tilien.

•foe or dfoal any Dow Wines, Sfogliogs or Spirits, or fall brew,

mktorlamxat my Worts, Wafoor Pot Ale wherewith, and with

fe ldcot to didUl Dow Wines, biagUags or Spirits without having

a laemoe in force wsarfmmt to Law Tor AAil Wag, every fuch Perfon

foil be denned aad taken to be guilty of a Mfofenmaor ; and it foaH Mifdtmeanoe.

be hwfol for mj J*uilice of the Peace re&du^r near to the Place where

fob Offcnoc fail hecorwitted, oc JLn format iao on Oath of any fuch

OSwce, So i&e feis Warrant for the Apprefaeafioa of fuch Perfon,

Sad SB E*waatk>B into the Complaint, to commit foth Benfat to Gafofawto aeaaaixi until delivered by AueCourfc of Law; and in safe say ladidtoeiit Audi he found again#: fuoh Perfon, he or foe fall

tif Jfoasts, without basing time to Utaveifo the fame; and it .{ball Wbdfor foe Court by and before whom fuch Perfon fliaU be tried focowtfod, to foftd fuch Pamdimeot on fuch Perfon for the Firft Qfetcn, as may by Law be iniifted on Perfons gutky of Mifoe-moon, mi for fehe Second Offence tofeutence fuch Perfon fo con* Second Offence* dfodSabeiimfpoFtod for the Term of Seven Years.

UfVTL And be it further enacted, That trl Penalties and For*. Recovery and idawumder tthst Adt, fhall be railed, levied, cofle&ed, paid, fund Application of k itcpvcaad—l applied, fo foe i&nue'manner, and under fuch Powers Pon*hw^ aW isriboataes, wnd by fuch ways and methods, and according to /i\V£ ** * kb Udt1 mi Dwe&ians as are appointed, di reded and expnefled ' e krfo ttdxng, ocdle&iog, paying, levying and managing any Duties, arbribe Aeoosaary of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Ad made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Ifajfoy&fog Charles the Second, intituled	Am A8 for tie fettling the

Smm itr im%v	His Majesty> bis Heirs and Sucujfors,

Kwfosglo foe Book of Rates therein infested, or in and by an Ad

aide in the Forty frxth Year«f His prefent Majettv’s Reign, inti- 46G j.e.zofo

tfod dm AS 4o provide for the better Execution of the federal Aids

okbqtotbe Revenues, Masters aad Things under the Management of

dr Cmmifieners of Cufleau and Port Duties, and of the Commiffionert

4 Idmd Eadfe and Taxes in irelaud, or in and .by any other Ad or

ifb is force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and

bob, or either .of them, as fully and effedually, to all Intents and

hqtietf m if the fame were herein ex prefled and enaded, with the

htanedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Patties aggrieved,as ApptsL

m



A.D.iSU

A£t altered, 5cc.

47 G. 3 Sell*.2. c. 60.

43 G.3. c.cxxir.

Per;oJ for pur-thaTtng Legal ^uayt extended.

Certain Pre-... l.^er

c.48,49.	52°	GEO.	m.

in and by the faid recited Aft made in the Fourteent t and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, o any other or Afts as aforefaid is provided.	1

LX VI11. And be it further ena&ed, That this Aft r laybe amendet altered or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be mad in this prefd Sefiion of Parliament*	f

CAP. XLIX.

An Aft to continue the Period for purchafing the Legal Quay! in the Port of London : and to enable the Lords of the Treafury to purchafe Buildings in Thames Itrect, for the* | Purpofe of erefting a new Cuftom Houfe.	•

[5th May 1812.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that the Period within which the

*	W Lord High Treafurer or Lords Commiilioners of Hii

*	Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, were remiired by an Ad 4 palled in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign,

*	intituled An Ad to give further time for purchafing \'be legal Quay

*	and IVarehoufes in the Port of London, to purchafe the legal Quays

*	and Warehouses, Buildings and other Works annexed thereto, and

*	Dwelling Houfes, Premiles or other Works, as particularly men*

*	tioned and described in an Aft pafTed in the Forty third Year of

*	the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to authorize the

*	Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Confoli dated Fund,

4 to be applied in the Improvement of the Port of London, by the Mayort 4 Alderman and Commons of the City of London, m Common Council 4 ajfembledy and to empower the Lords Commijftoners of Mis Mdyfiji 4 Treafury to purchafe the legal Quays between London Bridge and 4 the Tower of London, (hould be further extended ;9 Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, aod Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Period within which the Lord High Treafurer or Lords Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Treafury for the time being, are required to purchafe the faid legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings and other Works, or any Dwelling Houfes, Warehouses, Buildings or Premifes fituate adjoining thereto, ihall be further extended to Two Years from and after the Expiration of the Period to which the lame was extended by the faid Aft of the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majelly’s Reign.

4 II. And whereas the Cuftom Houfe and Buildings and Premifes

*	forming a Part thereof, in the Port of London, have been for fame

*	time found inadequate to the Accommodation of the Trade thereof,

< and are at prefent in a State fo ruinous and dilapidated, that the

*	neceffary Enlargement and Repair thereof could not be made with*

*	out creating a Cbafm in the Difpatch of Commercial Bufinefs,

4 which would be deftruftive to the Merchants of Great Britain, nor

*	yet without incurring an Expcncc which could not be jullihed by

*	the probable Duration of the Building when repaired : And whereas

*	it is therefore expedient to ereft a new Cuftom Houfe in the City

*	of London, and for that Purpofe the Purchafe of certain Premifes

*	fituate in Lower Thames^ Street in ihe Tarifh of Saint D unfans in the

9	4	Ea/l,



Google



5a«GE0.m.

C.49.

aSj

lM has become neceflary*’ Be it further enaded, That it (hall Thames Street be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or Commiflioners of the iwrclufi d t« r Ireafury for the time being, and they are hereby required, within the	new

Period of Two Years next after the paffing of this Ad, to purchafe the federal Owners, LefTees and Occupiers of all or any of the ence> a jury lo~ Dwelling Hodes, Warehoufes, Buildings or Premifes, the Scites of fettle, which w3l be wanted for the faid new Cuftom Houfe, or any Part or Parts thereof, their feveral and refpedive Eftates and Interefts of and in the lame Premifes refpedively ; and for that Purpofe (hall have all necefiary and requifite Powers to contrad with any Perfon or Perfons wbatfoefer for luch Price or Prices aa may be agreed upon; and in cafe of Difference, it fhall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer or the Commiilioners of the Treafury for the time being, ot any Three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to proceed in all refpeds as to empannelling a Jury, receiving Cmeyances, paying Purchafe Money into the Baidt, in cafe of de-fedire Titles, or Refufal to execute Conveyances, and in appropriating Purchafe Money awarded by the Verdid of a Jury or Juries to Corporation* and incapacitated Perfons, and in abiding by any Order or	»

Orders to be made by the Court of Chancery, in calcs of fuch Incapacity, as is by an Ad paffed in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent 46 G. 3. c ?<), * Majesty, intituled An A8 for confolidating and rendering more ejfedual the feveral Ads for the Purchafe of Buildings and further Improve* went of the Streets and Places near to Weftminfter Hall and the Two Houfes of Parliament, provided in fimilar cafes with refped to the Craniniffioners appointed by the faid Ad; provided that the Requi-fitioo, Warrantor Precept for the impannelling of a Jury (hall be under the Hands of the faid Lord High Treafurer or Coramiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, and direded to the Sheriffs of the City of London, inftead of the Sheriffs of Middlefex ; and the laid Sheriffs are hereby authorized, direded and required to impannel, fouanou and return a competent Number of fubftantial and difinterefted Perfons qualified to ferve on Juries not lefs than Forty eight, nor more than Seventy two, to come and appear before the then next Court of General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the faid City of London, or at fome Adjournment thereof, as in foch Warrant or Warrants, Precept Or Precepts (hall be direded and appointed, and to attend fuch Court of General or Quarter Seffions from Day to Day until difeharged by the faid Court; and out of fuch Perfons fo to be impannelled, fummoned and returned, a Jury of Tvebe Men (hall be drawn by the proper Officer of the faid Court, in fuch manner as Juries for the Trial 01 Iffues joined in His Majesty’s Courts at Wcfminjler are by an Ad made in the Third Year of the 3 O.a. c.25.

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Ad

/orffe better Regulation of Juries, direded to be drawn, and the faid

Jury in fettling fuch Price or PriceB fhall confider as well the good

Will and Improvements as any Injury or Damage that may affed any

Inch Perfon or Perfons, either as Owner, Leffee or Occupier, and

vben and fo foon as fuch Purchafe Money as may have been agreed on

«say have been fettled by the Verdid of a Jury or Juries (hall have

beenpatd to the Parties interefted, or into the Bank, as the cafe may

be, tic Premifes in refped of which fuch Money fhall have been fo	L

p^Miall immediately veil in His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors,

ndtfofaid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury,

(hall



Google

*a6

A.D.ilr:

P»rch«r«Moo*y

HilwttfCaH infid it od Puoi«

Certain Payments for Rent tad Rate* of prefent Cuftom Houfe fecuud.

Sx6L 71.3d. paid ▼early in lieu of Parochial Rates for PremiCes in Lower Thames Street

C.49.	52' GEO. III.

fliall he and are hereby empowered and dire&rd 1$ pay W* Pi chafe Money or Monies out of all or any of the Duties# Remand Income, compofing the Fund called The Conjahdeutd ¥**4*

4 III. And whereas the Suss of Two hundred a*d tw«*ty P$a*

*	Twelve Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny is annually p*ig

*	Dire&ioa of the Lords Conacoiffiourr^ of HU	T

*	in refpe& of the prelent Cuftom Houfe, *#d other Premi^. c s 9 tiguous to or connected therewith, which by are *** rn •->

*	aud another Sum amounting to Two hundred and	JW

4 Twelve Shilliiigs and Ten pence Halfpenny, 15	p*y»i**»

9 paid as Rates in refpe& of the Legal Qu^ys in Fro*n of ihf 4 Cuftom Houfe and PremiCes a fore fa id, to the reip«c\*vc 4 of the Parochial and Ward Rjates and AflHbawts #n the *

4 of Tower, aiui in the Parifh of Allh allows Barking, within tW •

*	Ward, and k is expedient, that the Payment of the fame re'u

4 Annual Sums fboukl be continued Be h	furthei

That the refpeftive Annual Sums now paid as j&ftjrefaid# dull y-and every Year for ever hereafter be paid out of Cevfofelaud C*. to the refpe&iwe Colltsflors, for the time being, of tfe# Rai AflefTnseots to whom the fame nefpefbvefy are now paid, Dedu&ion or Abatement whatever, in the fame Parte, Slw^s and v portions, on or at the fame Days or Times and iw the fame

the other Rates or AfleiTraeate of the C*>d Ward and Panflt lively fhali for the time being be paid, fl*d 4**11 be	u	ft

of the Produce thereof.

4 IV. And w hereas by rea/on of the Houfes and other f> -4 in Lower Thames Street aforefaid becoming vefted ifi J4» -4 for the public Purpofes afor.efaid, Dehcieucies will be occmv* ■

4 the Produce of the Parochial and Ward AihffoneifcU awa R«i

*	the Parifh of Saint DunjUn in the Eajh and the Par kb &

4 Mary-at-hill, and the Wards of Tower and BiUiogsgete*

4 the fame are fituated; and k is not coikifteot wkb fcfydfy l"

4 additional Burthen (build be bnpofed ou the faid Ward* i -9 in confequence of the Application of Preroifcs fkuMod tW*

4 Purpofes of general public Utilky ;* Be k therefore further < That, from and after the Compilation of the Pvrcbafe of the 1 ^ rnifes, according to the Provihous of this At\, the i>um <4 t \ hundred and fixteen Pounds vSevcr. Shillings and FU.e peace# the Amount of what was afleifed us tjve Pawchial aod W^wd At m nts and Kates on the laid Houfes ajid Buddings, according laft Afleflments or Rates thereof, made before the pufling of tUt * fhall be paid, and the faid Comnuffioners of the .Cidioms are authorized and dire&ed yearly and every Year for eirer hereaft -pay the refpc&ive Cutic&er or Coiletlors for the time jbeing *.•' fame Rates or AflWTmeDts refpcfiiveiy, suit of Covfoj>da*ed cV-without any Dedu&ion or Abatement whatever, in the fame 1 -Shares and Proportions, on or at the fame Days or Times, in the 1 manner and for the fame Purpofes us the fame or tjhe lilfce reiper | AfTeflments and Rates (hall for the time being be paid# aud &«•* confidercd as Part of the Produce thereof.

9 V. And whereas the prefent Cuitom Houfe heuig pupuc Prop*'

4 is by Law exempt from the Payment of ah Rutes aud Aflehi 4 and the faid PreraiCes in Lower Thames Street about to he 4 chafed under and by virtue of this A&, will be when the bwe

LjOOQle

AJLlli*.	5afGHO.nL	0.49,5a.	*17

• k became public Property alio exempt from the Payment of ill i JUtaft tod Aflefikneats Be it further ena&ed, That, from aod after Th« prefent tad t» kid Fifth Day of April the fkid prefeat Cuftom Houfe, aod after new Cuftom At Ceftykrios of the Purchafe thereof, the faid Pretnifa in Lower H^ufe exempt IhaD be aod be deemed and confidered to be, to all latent! and Forpoks, free and exempt from the Payment of all aod Sfi bum' of Rates and Affcffmsnts, ahhoogh the fame and each and My of tie kid Preonfes may become private Property by the Sale fr Aiptmat thereof to Individuals, any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary ootwithftanding.

CAP. L

An k& to continue until Three Months after the Commence* sent of the next Seflion of Parliament, and amend an A St if (be lift SefBon of Parliament, for making more effe&ual Ikmfigo for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the Realm torn being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the cur-wot Vske of fiich Coin •, for preventing any Note or Bill of die Governor and Company of the Bank of England from being received for any (mailer Sum than the Sum therein Ipecilied \ and for flaying Proceedings upon any Diflrefs by tender of fuch Notes $ and to extend the fame to Ireland.

[5th May 1812.]

1 \I7HEREAS an Ad parted fa the Fifty firft Year of the Reign 510.3. c.117. i W of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A& fir making mart

*	dfanl Pnvifin for preventing the current Gold Coin of the Realm

i bang paid or accepted for a greater Value than the current Value

*	if fink Cm 1 for preventing any 1Vote or Bill of the Governor and

*	bmpaej of the Bank of England from teing received for any fmaUet ‘Station tie Sum therein Jfieeijtedt and for Ihying Proceedings upon

*	eey Dftnjs ky tender of fieck Nous: Aad whereas it 19 expedient 1 tbs the &<1 Ad (horde be continued and amended, and extended 1 to Inland? Be it thotriwre unaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Afcfty, by and with the Advice and Coofeat of the Lords Spiritual tod TitBporai, aad Commons, in this present Partkroent affembled,

tod by tile Authority of the Tame, That, from and after the parting Current Gold d tfca Ad, no Perfofi fball receive or pay, for any Gold Coin law- Coin not received UytiVteoi within the United Kingdom, any more in Value, Benefit, “ pa,d forvmort falter Advantage, than the true lawful Value which fuch Gold e *ue* CAfah or dull by iu Denomination import, whether fuch Value, hoik, ftofit or Advantage, be paid, made or taken m lawful Money,

¥ t pn4 or taken in Great Britain, in any Note or Notes, Bill or Bflb it the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or in toy Silver Token or Tokens, iffued by the faid Governor and Com-

S, or if paid or taken in Ireland in any Note or Notes, Bill or of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or in any Shir Token or Tokens iffued by the faid loft mentioned Governor nl Company, or by any or all of the faid Means, >rhoUy or partly, other Means, Device, Shift or Contrivance whatfoeverj tod retry Perfon who (hall offend herein, * (hall be deemed and ad*

VkfA guilty of a Mifdemeanor $ and being thereof convi&ed by due Mtfdemeanw. Wrfeof L«r, flwtf UtSttSi* Month* Imprifotmcnt, and find Sara.

ties

t^ooQle

In what cafe Ckrk of the

hace to certify Acner Convic-

r

v

Ummeuts not |0 he travericd.



Ofl Profecution it than not be Mceflary to prove the Money good and lawful.



,wr<

C.$q.	52®	GEO.	III.	A.D.181N

ties for hit or her good Behaviour for One Year mon ,to be comput from the End of the faid Six Months; and if the Tame Perfon 9k afterwards be convided a Second time of the like 0 (Fence, fuch R •fon (hall for fuch Second Offence fuffer One Yeai’s Imprifonma and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour foi One Year mo to be computed from the End of the faid laft menl ioned Year; 1 if the fame Perfon (hall afterwards offend againfl tfa is Ad, and & by due Courfe of Law be convided of any fubfeque it Offence, b« (he (hall be iiqprifoned for the Term of Two Yesrs for every fu| fubfequent Offence.	1

II.	And be it hereby further enaded, That if any Perfon {bill convided of receiving or paying any fuch Gold Coii, contrary to tl faid recited Ad or this Ad, and (hall afterwards be guilty of tl like Offence, the Clerk of the Aflize, or Clerk of i he Peace for tk County, City or Place where fuch Convidion was fo had, (hall, 1 the Requeft of the Profecutor, or any other Perfon on His Majesty1 Behalf, certify fuch Convidion ; for which Certificate Two Shilling and Six pence, and no more, (hall be paid; and fuch Certificate being produced in Court, (hall be fufficient Proof of fuch former Con-vidion.

III.	And be it further enaded, That no Perfon againft whoa any Bill of Indidment (hall be found, at any Aflizcs or Seflionsof the Peace, for any Offence againft the faid recited Ad or this AS, (hall be entitled to traverfe the fame to any fubfequent Affizes or Sefiions; but the Court at which fuch Bill of Indidment (hall be found, (hall forthwith proceed to try the Perfon or Perfons againft whom the fame (hall be found, unlefs he or they (hall (hew good < Saufe to be allowed by the Court, why his, her or their Trial (bould be poftponed.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That on any Pro-fecution or Trial of any Offender or Offenders hereafter to be profe-cuted or tried for any Offence againft the faid recited Ad or this Att, it (hall not be neceffary to prove that the Money, Notes, Bills, Tokens, Securities, Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, or any or either of them, received or paid for any fuch Gold Coin, are refpedively good, lawful and current Money of this Realm, or good, valid and effedual Notes, Bills, Tokens, Securities, Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, or that the fame Money, Notes, Bills, Tokens, Securities, Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, are refpedively of the Value they on the Face of them import; but that fuch Money, Notes, Bills, Tokens, Securities, Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, (hall be deemed and taken to be good, valid and effedual refpedively, and of the refpedive Values which on the Face of them they import, until the contrary (hall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the Judge, Juftice or Court before whom fuch Offender or Offenders (hall.be profecuted or tried refpedively; nor (hall it be neceffary in any fuch Profecution or Trial of any Offender or Offenders hereafter to be profecuted or tried for any Offence againft the faid recited Ad or this Ad, to prove that the Gold Coin received or purchafed contrary to the faid recited Ad or this Ad, is the current Gold Coin of this Realm, but the fame (hall be deemed and taken fo to be, if paid or received as fuch, until the contrary thereof (ball be proved to the Satisfadion of the Judge, Jufticc or Court before whom any fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be profecuted or tried.

‘ V. And

VjOOQ le

AJXi$i2.	520 GEO. III.	C.	50.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon (hall, by any Means,

Device, Shift or Contrivance whatfoever, receive or pay in Great Britain, any Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or receive or pay in Ireland any Note or Notes, BiBor Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for Ws than the Amount of lawful Money expreffed therein, and to be thereby made payable ; except only lawful Difcount on fuch Note or Bill as fhall not be exprefTed to be payable on Demand; and every Perfon who (hall offend herein (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and being t hereof couvi£ted by due Courfe of Law {hah be fubjed to a Fine of Double the Amount of the Sum of Money fpecified in fuch Bill or Note, and made payable thereby, and Bull iuffer Iroprifonment for a time not exceeding Two Mouths.

VI.	And be it ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon (hall proceed by Diftrefi or Poinding to recover from any Tenant or other Perfon liable to fucb Diftrefs or Poinding, any Rent or Sum of Money due from foch Tenant or other Perfon, it (hall be lawful for fuch Tenant or other Perfon, in every fuch cafe, in Great Britain, to tender Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or in Ireland to tender Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, expeefled to be payable on Demand, to the Amount of fuch Rent or Sam (b doe, together with the Amount of fuch Cods as (hall have been incurred by fuch Diftrefs, either alone or together, with a fuf-bbeat Sum of lawful Money, to the Perfon on whofe Behalf fuch Diftrefi or Poinding is made, or to the Officer or Perfon making fuch Diftrefi or Poinding on his Behalf; and in cafe fuch Tender (hall be accepted, or in cafe fuch Tender (hall be made and refufed, the Good* taken in fuch Diftrefs or Poinding (hall be forthwith returned to the Party diftrained upon or againft whom fuch Poinding (hall have been ufed, unlefs the Party diftraining or poinding, and refuftng to accept fuch Tender, (hall infill that a greater Sum is due than the Sum fo tendered, and in fuch cafe the Parties (hall proceed as ufual in foch cafes; but if it (hall appear that no more was due than the Sum fo tendered, then the Party who tendered fuch Sum (hall be entitled to the Coft* of all fubfequent Proceedings : Provided always, that the Perfon to whom fuch Rent or Sum of Money (hall be due (hall have acd be entitled to all fuch other Remedies for the Recovery thereof, exdufive of Diftrefs or Poinding, and exclufive of Ejectment for any Forfeiture which (hall have been incurred by Non-payment of fuch Rent, as fuch Perfon had or was entitled to at the time of making fucb Diftrefs or Poinding, if fuch Perfon (hall not think proper to accept fuch Tender fo made as aforefaid: Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained (hall affedt the Right of any Tenant or other fuch Perfon as aforefaid having Right, to replevy or recover the Goods fo taken in Diftrefs or Poinding, in cafe without making fuch Tender is aforefaid he (hall fo think fit.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That in all cafes in which any Sum or Sums of Money is or are required, ordered, dire&ed, decreed or adjudged to be paid, under or by virtue of any Rule, Order, Proof*, Judgment, Decree or otherProceeding of or in any Court of law or Equity or other Court, in any Part oi the United Kingdom, why any Law, Ufage or Pra&ice of any Court, is or arc allowed to bepid for the Haying of Proceedings, by any Party or Parties, Per-foerperfons, to-any other Party or parties, Perfon or Perfons, or

into



289

Notes of Bank of England, or Bank of Ireland, not received or paid for left thin their Value.

Mifdemeanor.

Proceedings for Diftrefs, fcc. flayed if Payment is tendered in Bank Notes.

Provifo.

Trovifo.

Bank of England Notes in G. B.. and Bank of Ireland Notes in Ireland, good Payment to Officers, of any Court, or by Officers out of any Court on any Procefo

A.D.i8it

490 c.jo.	$29gzo.	in.

into any Court* or into the Hands of any Officer nr Officer* of toy Court as aforefaid, fuch Payment of fuch Sum or Stunt of Money a aforefaid, in Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bask ef England, if the fame (ball be made ia Great Britain, or in Nolo 4 the Governor and Company of the Bank of Inland, if the fan* Hal be made in Ireland, the fame refpe&ively being payable on Dnassi to the Amount therein expreffcd, (hall be deemed and taken to W good and fuffident Payments in the Law, of the Sum or Suras fo required, ordered, dire&ed, deemed or adjudged to be paid; and is ail cafes in which any Money (ball be payable out of any fneb Court or Courts, or by any Officer or Officers thereof, or of any of them, h the Discharge of his or their Duty as fuch Officer or Officers, Payment of the Sums fo payable out of fuch Court or Courts, or by fob Officer or Officers, in Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if in Great Britain, or in Notes of the Govern* and Company of the Bank of Irelandr, if in Ireland, ( fuch Note* re-fpedirely being payable on Demand, to the Amount in fuch Nolo expreffcd), (hall be taken and deemed to be good and fuffickat Payments in the Law.

B«nk of England VI11. And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes ia whieb aay Note* in G B. Sum or Sums of Money is or are required to be raifed or levied m Uiul^ote^in^" Execution an7 Judgment or Decree, or by virtue of any Procek Ireland taken by or Procerding whatever of any Court of Law or Equity, or other OfficersofCourtt Court, in any Part of the United Kingdom, or under any Diftrekor levying under	Proceeding for the Recovery of any Rent, or of any Penalty or Fcr-

Proctis.	feiture to be railed or levied by Diftrefs and Sale of any Goods or

Chattels, it (hall be lawful far the Officer or Officers, whokDuty it (hall be to raife or levy fuch Sum or Sums of Money, to accept Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if fuch Money is to be railed or levied in Great Britain, or Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if fuch Money is to be railed or levied in Ireland, fuch Notes refpeflively being payable oa Demand to the Amount in fuch Notes expreffed, in Payment tod Satisfaction of the Sumo fo to be raifed and levied ; and fuckOficer or Officers (hall not be compelled or compellable to pay the Amount of the Sums fo to be levied or raifed, or aay Part thereof, to aay Prr-fon or PeHons, or into any Court, otherwise than jn Notes of tbe Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if in Great Britt», or of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if in Ireland; and after fuch raifuig and levying as aforefaid, it (hall sot be competent by any further Proceeding againft the Party or Perfoi from whom fuch Sum or Sums was or were due, or his Effc&i or Eft ate, to compel the railing or levying fueh Sum or Sums, or fo much thereof as (haU have been raifed and levied and paid ia fuch Notes as aforefaid.

Notes indotied IX. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That io all fuel Sy Perfon paying cafes as aforefaid, every Perfon paying any fuch Notes into any Court, them, and veri- or |nto tjje Hands of any Officer of any Court, in manner aforefaid,

tobeiLnkNote* or to fcn7 ^er^on rai^ng or levying any Money under any Diirek, or under the Authority of any Court as aforefaid, (hall, if required, indorfe the Notes fo paid, and alio fpecify the Caufes, Proceeding or Diftrefs, in or under which the fame (hall be paid, and dull iito, if required, verify the fane to be Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if in England, or to be Notes of the 3	Governor





$2° GEO. HI*

C.50,51.

291

Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if in Ireland, by

lavit, dating, that the Notes fo paid or to be paid are, to the of the Knowledge and Belief of the Perfon paying the fame, lotes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or I the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, as the cafe By be; and every Perfon fo indotfingany fuch Notes (hall be liable pay to the Perfon to whom the fame are paid out of any Court, by aay Officer aforefaid, or under any Diftrefs, the full Amount Foe Sam exprefled in any of fuch Notes which may prove to be i, if any fuch Note or Notes (hall be forged Notes.

Provided always, and be it enafted, That every Perfon who Scotland.

1 commit in Scotland any Offence againft this Aft, which, by the fifions thereof, is conftituted a Mifdemeanor, (hall be liable to £fcne Fine, Penalty and Puniftunent, as are preferibed for the like ce in England.

. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That this Aft Continuance of I Continue and be in force to and until Three Months after the ement of the next Scffion of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LI.

t to provide for the more fpeedy Examination, controul-\ and finally auditing the Military Accounts of Ireland.

[5th May 1812.]

THERE AS the Means hitherto ufed for the auditing of Military Accounts in Ireland, have proved inefficient; and it Klieceihry to make other Provifions for that Purpofe;' Be it there-\ eoa&ed by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with * ’ *» and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and , in this prefeat Parliament affembled, and by the Authority t fame. That it (hall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his His Majesty may \ and Succefiors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of appoint Three to nominate and appoint from time to time fuch Perfons as he ^ ^Xar (hall think proper, not exceeding Three Perfons at anyone Accounts/ frto be Commimonem of Military Accounts in Ireland.

. And be it further enafted, That His Majesty may by fuch Salaries.

1 Patent as aforefaid, grant to the feveral Perfons therein named owing Salaries and Allowances; that is to fay : To the Senior (aid Commiffioners for the time being, who (hall be ftiled the Dommiffiooer, a Salary of One thoufand Pounds per Annum ; and \ other Two Commiffioners a Salary of Eight hundred Pounds ‘ ttm each; which Salaries refpeftively (hall be clear of all Fees dudions, and (hall be paid out of the Confolidated Fund of (^by the Lord High Treafurer, or Commiffioners for executing Ice of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or any Three of fcikbout any other Warrant or Authority for the fame : Pro- Provifo. fdwajs, that in cafe the Perfon at prefent holding the Office “ t of Army Accounts in Ireland (hall be appointed to the Firll Commiffioner, it (hall and may be lawful to and I Perfon to continue to have, receive and enjoy the Salary and ftts attached to the faid Office of Comptroller of Army S in lieu of the (aid Salary of One thoufand Pounds per An-bbeptid and payable in like manner and under the like Autho-ftfah Salary is hereby made payable*

J*GlO.III.	U	III.	Pro-



Google

AJ).i8u.

*9*

Cwnmiffioner* Hoc to tit in Parliament.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Secretary and Officers;

and dired Payment of Salaries, Ike.

Oath of Office.

Oath.

Before whom taken, by Com-mHHonen and Officers.

Quorum.

Reputation fuf-ficient Evidence ef Appointment,

C.5t.	52*	GEO.	III.

III.	Provided always, and be it enafted and declared, That no Commiffioner appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Ad, (hall, during his Continuance in fuch Office, be capable of being ele&ed or of fitting as a Member in the Houfe of Commons.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Govct* nors of If eland for the time being, to appoint a Secretary, and fuch Officers, Affiftants, Clerks and Attendants, with fuch Salaries as he or they (ball think proper, to aid, affift and attend on the (aid Com* miffioners in the Bufinefs of their faid Office, and to follow the Directions of the faid Commiffioners in all things relating to the Bufinefs of the faid Office.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, may allow fuch Sums as to him or them (hall feem fit, from time to time for the Salaries of the feveral Officers, Clerks and other Perfons to be from time to time employed under the faid Commiffioners, and for the incidental Expences to be incurred in their Office for auditing the hfili-tary Accounts, to be paid out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, by the Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, under the Dire&ions of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed. That the faid Commiffioners (o tp be appointed as aforefaid, and all Perfons employed by and a&ing under them, before they (hall enter upon the Execution of their refpeftive Offices, (hall take au Oath, the Form whereof (hall be at followeth; that is to fay :

* J A* B. [addin? the Name of his Office] do fwear. That according 4 to the bell of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impar* 4 tially and truly execute the feveral Powers and Trufts vetted in me 4 by virtue of the faid Office.'

VII.	And be it further ena&cd, That the faid Coramiffioneri re-fpedtively (hall and may take the faid Oath before any of the Barnes of the Exchequer in Ireland, and that the faid inferior Officers and Perfons refpe&ively (hall and may take the fame before the faid Commiffioners, or any of them, and that the faid Barons and Commiffiotiers refpe6tively are hereby authorized to adminifter the fame.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes not otberwife exprefsly dire&ed or provided, all and every Authority vetted or to be vetted in, and all and every A6t and Afts diredleclor authorized to be done by the faid Commiffioners, (hall and may be exercifed and done by any Two of them.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if on any Trial or in any Proceeding whatsoever. Civil or Criminal, Legal o; Equitable, any

r Queftion (hall arife concerning the Appointment o * Qualification of any of the faid Commiffioners, or of any Officer or Perfon under them, or his or their Right to hold, exercife or enjoy fuch Office, it fhall be fufficient to all Intents aud Purpofes, to prove that at the time in Queftion fuch Perfon was reputed to be fuch Commiffioner or other Officer, and it (hall not be neceffary to prove or produce any Appointment or Qualification.

X, And

'

D.I#I2.

520 GEO-in.	C.$t.

X.	And be it farther ena&ed, That the faid Commiflioners (hall xanmie, controul, audit and fettje all Army, Barrack, CommifFariat, nd other Military Accounts of every Deicription, in Ireland, fave tnd except Ordnance Accounts, and alfo fave and except the Baggage, Lodging and Forage Accounts.

XI.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful at toy time, or from time to time, to and for the Lord Lieu-tanst or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to order that the faid Bag-gage, Lodging and Forage Accounts, or any of them, fhall from Mttceforth be audited ana fettled by the faid Commiflioners ; and that from and after the Date of every fuch Warrant the Account or [Uroonts therein mentioned refpe6tively (hall be examined, contacted, audited and fettled by the faid Commiflioners of Military Accounts, and not otherwife.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful far the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of /nU, for the time being, whenever he or they fhall judge the fame expedient, and in fuch manner and under fuch Rules, Orders and Buedions, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go-femor* of Ireland (hall from time to time dire& and eftablifh, to mkr any Perfons concerned in the Receipt or Expenditure of Public Honey, for or on account of any Service or Matter of any Military Jiture, to furnifh due and proper Accounts of the fame to be laid kfbie the faid Commiflioners, to be by them examined and finally djafted and fettled.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiflioners rader this Ad (hall and may from and after the Commencement of his Ad proceed on all and every or any fuch Accounts as aforefaid, ihich (hall be depending and undecided by and before the Comptroller of Army Accounts, or the Commiflioners of tmpreft Accounts, a the feme manner in all refpeds as if the faid Accounts and the Examination thereof refpe&ively had proceeded fo far before them-fcbes; and that all Vouchers, Accounts and Papers in the Pofll-ffion nr Office of the Comptroller of Army Accounts, (hall and may be fended over and delivered to the faid Commiflioners, and (hail remain Q their Office,

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed. That all and every the Ac-samta aforefaid (hall from time to time be examined and audited as dortfeid, as often as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor Sr Governors of Ireland (hall think fit to direct the fame.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That whenever the Auditor Gene-or other proper Officer (hall pay, iflue or deliver to any Perfon

or Perfons whomfoever, Money for Public Services of a Military Ifatait by way of Impreft, or on account, then and in every fuch cafe fcchOfficer (hall, within Three Calendar Months after the Twenty farthDay of December in every Year, and alfo whenever he fhall be tJfcftto required by Notice in Writing from the faid Commiflioners, Or lay Two of them, tranfmit to the laid Commiflioners a Certificate M all and every Sum and Sums fo paid, ifiued and delivered, or [dttrged by him within the preceding Year, or for fuch Period as wd be mentioned in fuch Notice, together with the Name and fcfcrr ption of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame fhall have b*ttmpe65vdy paid, ifloed, delivered or charged, and the faid Com-U a	miffioners



Google

*93

What Accounts Commiflioners lhall audit.

Baggage, Lodging and Forage Accounts au-* dited by Coro-millioaeis.

Perfons receiving Money for Military Fur-pofiss to account before fuch CommitUooer*

Commiflioners may proceed in Accounts begun before Comptroller of Army Accounts, &c.

Accounts audited when Lord LieutenanC (hall direft.

Auditor General to fend Accounts to Commit loners, of Stuns iflued by him.

294	&5i*	52°	GEO.	Ill-	A.D.1S12.

Coramiflionefs fubjedt to Orders of Lord Lieutenant.

Accountants to deliver to Com-miffioners Account of Receipts and Payments.

CoramHBoners to call on Accountants to account.

On Default of

Accouutant, Commilfioners after Notice may proceed peremptorily to audit Accounts in his Office.

miffioners (hail thereupon without any Delay take the fame into Coo* fi deration.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Cotnmiffioners of Military Accounts (hall be fubje& to fuch Regulations not contrary to Law as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being (hall from time to time dire& and eda-blifh; and that it (hall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to make and efiablifti Rules, Orders and Dire&ions for the Purpofes aforefaid.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Perfons liable to account before the faid Commiffioners, (hall within Three Calendar Months at the lated after they (hall be required fo to do by Notice in Writing fubferibed by the faid Commiffioners or any Two of them, deliver into and tranfmit to the Office of the faid Commiffioners an Account Current of all Sums of Money received and paid by them for the Period mentioned in fuch Notice, together with the Vouchers for fuch Receipts or Payments, accompanied by a Schedule of the fame, figned by the Accountant or Accountants.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffionera (hall and may a & often as they (hall think (it, call upon all Account-ants or other Perfons tQ whom or to whofe Order or Care any Public Money for which fuch Perfons (hall be accountable to toe faid Commiffioners, (hall be or (hall have been iflued or entruRed, to account to them the faid Commiffioners for the Receipt, Expenditure or Iffue thereof within a time to be by them limited ; and on the Failure of the Accounts being delivered accordingly within the time fo limited, the faid Commiffioners (hall, in every cafe where they (hall fee Caufe, give Notice thereof to His Majeily’s Attorney General in England or Ireland, His Majefly’s Advocate in Scotland, or His MajeRy’s Attorney General in any of the Colonies or Plantations belonging to the Crown of the United Kingdom of Greet Britain and Ireland, as the cafe may require, in ordqr that fuch Motions, Suits, Bills or Procefs may be made, inRituted, filed or iflued by the faid Officer againft any fuch Defaulter as may be necef-ary to compel him to deliver in his Accounts as dire&ed by the bid Commiffioners, unlefs upon Application of the Parties, Rating fome fpecial and fufficient Caufe of Delay, the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, (hall grant his or their Warrant to Ray the Proceedings for fuch reafooable time or tunes as he or they (hall think fit.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That if any fuch Accountant or Accountants fhall fail to deliver fuch Accounts purfuant to fuch Rcquifition, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, if they (hall think proper fo to do, to caufe a Notice, figned by any Two of the faid Commiffioners for the time being, to be ferved on fuch Accountant or Accountants that the faid Commiffioners will proceed peremptorily to audit the Accounts of fuch Accountant or Accountants, or auy Part thereof, that may be mentioned in fuch Notice, on a Day to be therein mentioned, not ltfs than One Calendar Month from the Service of fuch Notice, and thereupon fuch Com-miffiouers (hall proceed to audit fuch Account or Accounts accordingly, whether any Accounts (hall have been then furniftied as aforefaid or not, or whether fuch Accountant or Accountants (hall attend or not, and the faid Commiffioners (hall charge fuch Accountant or

Account-



. i8n.

52°geo. m.	c.51.	2pj

untants with all Payments made from or under His Majesty’s ’ury in Ireland, to him, hei- or them, as to his, her or their r, and if fuch Accountant or Accountants fhall not produce prove to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Commiflioners any Dif-je, fuch Commiflioners (hall thereupon allow the Whole of the

>	fo charged as a Balance againfl fuch Accountant or Account-Provided always, that it /hall and may be lawful to and for the Provi(o.

[Joramiffioners to poftpone from time to time, as often as they fee good Caufe tor lo doing, the final auditing of any fuch unt.

[. And be it further ena&cd, That the faid Commiflioners or any Commiflioners if them fhall and they are hereby empowered to enquire into all msy inquire into t and fraudulent or improper Pra&ices or other Mifcondu& in ^u^Ex^en-0^ xpenditure. Application, or ordering or accounting for, ifluing diturc ja j)if-bring all and fingular or any of the faid Monies, and they fhafl charge, dude or fuffer to remain or be included in the Difcharge Part Account which fhall be at any time ftated by them, any c of Expenditure which fhall not appear to them to be agree-

>	the Intention or Import of the Trull repofed or legal Powers a the Parties fo accounting.

[. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiflioners Commifliooer* ithout any further Requilition as foon as poffible after their rep°^ t0 lination and proceeding on any Matter committed to their ^ParUamSnu1 ntion, give an Account thereof in Writing under the Hands ils of them or any Two of them to the Lord Lieutenant or Ihicf Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being,

>	to either Houfe of Parliament, and they fhall report there-hatDefe&s, Frauds or Illegalities fhall have been obferved their Proceedings in the Mode of Account or Expenditure, ewife fuch Regulations as they fhall in their Judgment deem at to be obferved and adopted for the better dire&ing, en-and fecuring the honeft, juft and effe&ual Expenditure of [flbes of Money for the faid feveral or firailar Purpofes, or them.

I. And be it further enacted. That in all cafes, where upon Embesxlements, imination of the Account of any Commiffary, Storekeeper, or &c: charged erfon for the Receipt, Expenditure or Delivery of any Public	Comra,‘"

or any Provifions or Stores the Property of His Majefly, ane Commiflioners fhall be of Opinion that any Articles have been led, wafted, loft, damaged or deftroyed by the wilful Mifcon-Negled of any fuch CommifTary, Storekeeper, or other Perry fhall, after the Examination of fuch Evidence as they may leceffaiy to afeertain the Value of fuch Articles, charge the ifeowith fuch Sum as in their Judgment fhall be the Amount Loft which fhall have thereby accrued to the Publick.

III. And be it further enacled, That it fhall and may be Commiflioners for the faid Commiflioners of Military Accounts, or any Two 'na> CJ1|i Parties 1 for the time being, and they are hereby required to call before w^B^oksand he feveral Perfons who have at any time received from His Vow.hers. ftTreafury any Public Money for any of the Purpofes afore-aHb the feveral Perfons to whom any Money has been granted topriated for any of the faid Purpofes, and the Succcffors, to and Adminiftratora of fuch Perfons refpettively, and to 5 them to give an Account of the Expenditure ot the faid U3



A.D.iSit

Commiffiouers may examine on Oath all Parties concerned in Expenditure of Money granted.

Parties in Confinement may be bruinht by Habeas Coijms be-f ore CommiiTioiir ers to be examined*

C.5i.	52*	GEO. III.

Monies, and to exhibit to the faid Commiflioners all fuch Account*, Certificates, Warrants of Expenditure, Books, Muniments or Bill* whatfoever, as (hall touch or concern the Receipt or Expenditure of fuch Money, or the Charge or Difcharge of the Accounts thereof, and as Shall be and remain in their Hands or Cuftody, and to examine upon Oath, (which Oath any One of them is hereby empowered to adminifter) the faid feveral Perfons touching the feveral Items thereof, or any Entries therein, and touching any Matters relative to the Receipt, Expenditure or Non-Expenditure of the faid Money.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Commiflionm, or any Two of them, fhall alfo have full Power and Authority, wd they are hereby authorized and required to call before them, and examine upon Oath all Perfons who have, or who they fhall have rea-fon to believe have any Knowledge of the receiving, expending, difburfmg or in any wife accounting for, entering, paying or managing any of the Monies of which they are or fhall at any time be duly authorized to ftate or fettle Accounts ; and likewife to call before them and examine upou Oatb all Perfons whom they fhall think proper, for the Purpofe of enquiring into the Honefty of the Expenditure of all fuch Monies, whereto any of fuch Monies have been or ought to have been applied, and to fend for and require to be exhibited to them as often as they fhall think proper, all Accounts. Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plans, Papers and Writings of what Nature foever, and in whofoever Cuftody they may be, which in any wife touch or concern the Receipt, Expenditure, Difpofal or Manage-ment of the faid Monies; ana to examine upon Oath (which Oath any One of the faid Commiflioners is hereby empowered to adminifter] all Perfons whom they fhall think proper, touching the State, Cut-tody, Entries or Items in fuch Accounts, Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plans, Papers or Writings.

XXV.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any of the Juftices of His Majeftv’s Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, or of the Barons of His Maiefty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland\ at their Difcretion to grant a Writ of Hdm Corpus to bring up any Perfon or Perfons confined in any Gaol, Prifon or Place of Confinement in Jreland^ to be examined before the faid Commiflioners, or any Two of them, touching any Matter of Account which fhall be then depending before the faid Commiflioners, and every fuch Perfon fhall be fo brought up accordingly, the Sum required by him in every fuch cafe being firm duly tendered, and (hall be brought and detained before the faid Commiflioners, or any Two of them from Day to Day, and from Hour to Hour, as often and as long as they fhall find neceflary for the Purpofes of fuch Examination, and at the-Clofe thereof fhall be carried back to the fame Pnfon or Place of Confinement, or otherwife difpofed of according to Law, aud none of the faid Matters fhall be deemed or taken to be an Efcape ; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commif-fioners to enquire into, afeettain, aud allow the nect fiary Expeoces of fo bringing and keeping every fuch Perfon in fuch Attendance, and of taking him or her back to fuch Prifon or Place of Confinement; and that fuch Expenfes being fo allowed and certified by the faid Commiflioners, or any Two of them, fhall be paid as Part of tbe Expcnces of the faid Office.

XXVI. And



Google

• l812.

*97

52* GEO* HI.

C.51.

CVI. And be it further ena£ed, That it fhall be lawful for the CommiflSoners ^ommiffioners to allow to the Credit of any Accountant, any ma-v alUw Pjy-on any Account of Expenditure that hath been or fhall be in- wriaen'^ouch-d, although no written Voucher of the a&ual Payment of fuch ers. lhaD be produced to them in cafe where upon Statements of the Or on imperfect ooaUnts rendered on Oath, and after fufficient Enauiry the faid Vouchers, tmiffionere (hall be fatisfied that fuch Sums fhall have been adtually properly difburfed for the Public Service; and that all due fence fhall have been ufed by the Accountant to procure fuch her; and whenever a Voucher produced or to be produced by Accountant for any Accounts, fhall be defe&ive from the Want y Certificate or other Document which ought to accompany Voucher, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners upon f to their Satisfaction that the Accountant did not wilfully negleCt ocurefuch Certificate or Document; and that the Sumfpecified t Voucher fhall have been actually and properly difburfed for *ubfic Service to admit fuch Voucher a6 a fufficient Difcharge e hid Accountant, and to allow the Amount of the fame to his it: Provided always, that in all cafes where any Sum exceeding Allowances Vf Pounds fhall be allowed to the Credit of any Accountant, aliove 3d. c°n-• without any written Voucher, or upon an imperfect Voucher, Lieutenant. ^ ‘articular* and Amount of fuch Allowances fhall be fpecified to #ord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ire-in the Statement of the Account in which fuch Allowances may ade, in order that the fame may be confidered and con firmed or awed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go-n of Ireland for the time being, previous to the Declaration j fuch Account.

SVII. And be it further ena&ed, That after the Examination On Examination I fuch Perfons, Books, Papers and other Matters as they fhall OommilTioners proper, the faid Commillioners fhall make full, perfect and juft Accoums and rants or Declarations of the Accounts of all Perfons who are deliver Copy to afl be at any time accountable to them, which Accounts (hall Accountant, tb the Sum and Subfiance thereof in Charge and Difcharge, or fir of Debtor and Creditor, and they fhall caufe to be made a r thereof to be given to the Party or Parties accountable.

XVlll.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any Lord Lieutenant Account fhall have been fo fully examined and audited by empowered to aid Commiffioners, and that any Sum or Item in the Difcharge relieve againft (hall have been difallowed, it fhall and may be lawful to and by^ommiSioL he Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of ers. ml for the time being, at any time within Three Calendar Months the Date of fuch auditing, to order the faid Commillioners the time being to flate, for the Information of the Lord Lieu-Hor other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time the Grounds and Caufe of fuch Difallowances, whereupon the 1 Commiffioners for the time being, or any Two of them, fhall iwitb make a Report under their Hands in Obedience to fuch fcr; and thereupon it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Lord ■•tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the e being, at any time within Six Calendar Months after the Date i*h Report, to order by Warrant under Hand and Seal that every •j fuch Items or Item or any Part thereof refpeftively fhall be ifid thereupon the fame fhall be fo allowed, and fhall be U 4	brought



J$8

Account* audited by Com-mitfioners final.

Relief of Accountants not in Ireland at time of auditing Accounts.

Vouchers deft royed or given up.

Parties fum-moned refufing to attend.

Penalty.

Penalty.

Affirmation of Quakers allowed.

C.5I.

52° GEO. in.

A.D.i«u

brought forward by and allowed to fuch Perfon accordingly in his her next Account.

XXIX.	And it further ena&ed, That where any Account have been fo audited by the faid Commiffioners, the fame (hall be and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, fare only for as the fame may be altered in manner aforefaid by the Lord w tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the being in manner aforefaid.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if at the of auditing any fuch Account by the faid Commiffioners, any Accountant therein (hall be abfent from Ireland\ then and in fuch cafe it /hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord L» or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time at any time within Three Calendar Months after the Return of Perfon to Ireland, to order the faid Commiffioners to ftate the of any fuch Difallowance as aforefaid, and thereupon fuch R<

(hall and may be made by the faid Commillioners, and fuch £ quent Proceedings had, as if fuch Order had been ifTued within time aforefaid.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and maybe ful to and for the faid Commiffioners to deftroy or caufe to be ftroyed any Voucher or Vouchers which (hall remain in their at any time after Fifteen Years from the Date thereof, and alfo it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners on ing an Order m Writing for the Purpofe from the Lord Lieul or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the tune to hand over and deliver up to the Perfon or Perfons mentioned that Purpofe in fuch Order, any Voucher or Vouchers whatf< that may be in their faid Office, and which (hall be fpecified or reeled in fuch Order.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon

fummoned by Precept under the Hand and Seal of the faid fiuners, or any Two of them, to appear before the faid Commii touching any of the Matters aforefaid, to give Evidence or wife, or to exhibit any Account, Certificate, Book, Munintttf Bill, Plan, Paper or Writing in his or her Cuftody, Power or W feflion, according to the Terms of fuch Summons, or to anfweraj1 Qucftion on Oath, which (hall be lawfully propofed to him or her' any of the faid Commiffioners, touching any matter or thing a* they (hall then be empowered to examine into, every fuch Perfon forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every fuch Negled or Re to be recovered by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurifdiftioo any Perfon who (hall fue for the fame; and if any of the faid Ma or any Part thereof (hall have been received by or paid to fuch 1 or to any One to whom fuch Perfon is SuccefTor, Executor ot Adminiftrator, fuch Perfon fo neglecting or refufing (hall not odf5 forfeit the like Sum for every NegleCt or Rcfufal, to be recovered kl like manner, but fuch Procefs (hall likewife ifluc out of His Majeftjft Court of Exchequer againll him or her, upon Complaint madebefof*' the faid Couit, as is ulual againft Debtors to His Majesty, whordMH or negled to account.	I

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes in whidH an Oath (hall be required, >or directed or authorized to be takes ! before the faid Commiffioners, or any One or more of then, the

Affirnidoa

vjOOQLC

12*

2 99

5a0 GEO. HI,	C-51,52.

on of a Quaker (hall be received as and for and in lieu of i, and (hall be of the fame Force? Validity and Effect, to * and Purpofes as fuch Oath,

IV.	Aod be it further enaded, That if any Perfon who (hall ; of this or any Ad or Ads of Parliament, take or make h or Affirmation before the faid Commiffioners, or any of tall wilfully falfely take any fuch Oath or Affirmation, be iwfully convided, he or (he fo offending (hall, for every fuch incur and fuffer fuch Penalties, Pains and Difabilities as Periled of wilful and corrupt Penury (hall then by any Laws

0	Ireland be liable unto 5 or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall procure or fuborc any other Perfon to take fuch falfe Oath

nation, and the Perfon or Perfons fo procuring or fuborning hereof convided, every Perfon fo offending mall, for every ace, incur and fuffer luch Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and es, as Perfons convided of Subornation of Peijury (hall be

1	onto.

V.	And be it further enaded. That if any Officer of any ion, Chanty or Public Eftabliihment whatfoever, (hall refute y negled to obey any Summons or Order iffued by the faid were, or any Two of them, to appear before to exhibit or lay em, any Accounts, Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, pere or Writings, which (hall be in his Cuftody or Poffeffion, wtr upon OaUi any Queition which (hall be lawfully pro-him by the (aid Commiffioners, or any Two of them, every cer (hall, for every fuch Offence, not only forfeit the Penalty ore impofed, but (hall be likewife declared, and (hall be in-f holding his faid Office any longer.

/I. And be it further enaded. That this Ad, and every lad Thing therein contained, (hall begin and have Effed after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months next after ij thereof, and not fooner.

m. And be it further enaded. That this Ad (hall and may ltd, altered or repealed, during the prefent Seffion of Parlia-

CAP. LII.

to provide for the fpeedy and regular Examination and t of the Public Accounts of Irelattd; and to repeal cer-ormer Ads relating thereto.	[5th May 1812.]

HERE A 8 it is expedient that divers Ads relating to the Commiffioners of Impreft Accounts in Ireland mould be d, and that more effedual Provifions fhould be made for the 1 Examination and Audit of the Publick Accounts in Ire-' Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moll Excellent , by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual Dporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affemblcd, the Authority of the fame. That an Ad paffed in the Par-of Ireland, in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of ign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A8 for the due ac-for all Money granted for Publick Works y Charities and It therein mentioned ; and for tie ordering a regular Account in •f oR Monies minified to the Corporation for carrying on the

Inland



Perjury on falfo Oath or Affirmations.

Officers of Corporations , Stc. refuting to attend Summonfes of Commiffioners.

Penalty.

Commencement

of Ad.

Aft amended,

Sec.

13 & *4 G. 3. (!•) c. 16.

300

A.D. iSij

»5 0.J.(I.)

c.63.

38 G. 3.(1.) c. 56. and 46 G. 3. c.95. § 6. repealed.

Hii Majesty may appoint Five Commiftioners ol' Accounts in Ireland.

Salaries.

Commiflioners lhall not Gt in Parliament.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Secretary and Officers;

C.52.	520	GEO.	III.

Inland Navigation, the Trujlees of the Limn Manufacture, the Dubfci Society, the Corporation for paving the Streets of Dublin, and for dim Purpofes therein mentioned; another Adi palled in the laid Parlianfefl of Ireland, in the Twenty fifth Year of His Maiefty’s Reign, to any into further Effedl the laid recited Adi of the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years ; a certain other Adi palled in the laid PaW ment of Ireland, in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Maiefy intituled jin Aft for the better Regulation and Examination of Pdtk Accounts ; and fo much of an A& palled in the Forty fixth Year d His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the more eftQodty regulating and providing for the Relief of the Poor, and the Muttf* ment of Infirmaries aruf Hofpitals in Ireland ; as provides that the Commiflioners of {mpreft Accounts lhall annually audit and fettle the Accounts of the County Infirmaries, and other Infirmaries and Hak pitals of Royal and Public Foundation in Ireland, lhall, ffttf* tad after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months next after the paJfiog of this Adi, Hand and be repealed, fave fo far as the lame relpeiftwty may abolilh any former Office or Authority, or grant aiTy Cottpeflfa* tion or Benefit for or in Confideration thereof, and five as to wf Proceeding for or towards the Recovery of any Penalty, or the Pui nilhment of any Offence, which lhall have been incurred or committed under or againft any of the faid Adis.

II.	And be it further enadled, That it lhall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccelTors, by Letters Patent under the| Great Seal of Ireland, to nominate and appoint, from time to limed fuch Perfons as he of they lhall think proper, not exceeding Five Perfons at any one time, to be Commifliomers for auditing the Public Accounts in Ireland.

III.	And be it further enadled. That His Majesty may, by fuch Letters Patent as aforefaid, grant to the feveral Perfons tberd*| named refpedlively, the following Salaries and Allowances; that iij to fay, To the Senior of the faid Commiflioners for the time being, who lhall be ftyled the Firft Commiffioner, a Salary ot On* thou-fand Pounds per Annum, and to the other Commiflioners a Salary of Eight hundred Pounds per Annum each, which Salaries refpeftively lhall be clear of all Fees and Dedudlions, to be paid out of the Con. folidated Fund of Ireland by the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, ot Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, without further Warrant in that refpedl.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enadled and declared, That no Commiffioner appointed or to be appointed by rfrtue of this Aft, lhall, during his Continuance in fuch Office, be capable of being eledted or of fitting as a Member of the Houfe of Commons.

V.	And be it further enadled, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a Secretary, and fuch Officers, Affiflants, Clerks and Attendants, with fuch Salaries as he or they lhall think proper, to aid, affift and attend ou the faid Com-miffioner8 in the Bufinefs of their faid Office, and to follow the Di-redlions of the faid Commiflioners in all Things relating to the Buh-nefs of the faid Office, fuch Salaries to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

VI. M

L.ooQle

A,D.i8i2.

301

52® GEO. III.	C.5*.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Lord Lieutenant, or *°d direft Pay-ftlcr Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, nient of Salaries, lay allow {uch Sums as to him or them (hall feem fit, from time to

ime, for the Salaries of the feveral Officers, Clerks and other Per-ons to be from time to time employed under the faid Commifiionera, and for the incidental Expences to be incurred in their Office for auditing the Pufcfic Accounts, to be paid out of the Confolidated Fund of Ircl&Jhy the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, under the Dire&ions of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

VII.	And be it further enafted, Tl at the faid Commiffioners fo Oath Office, to be appointed as aforefaid, and all Perfons employed by and under

them, before they ffiail enter upon the Execution of their feveral Offices, (hall take an Oath, the Tenor whereof (hall be as followeth \ that is to fay,

1 | if B. [adding bis Name of Ofieel do fwear, That, according to 4 the bell of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impar-4 tially and truly execute the feveral Powers and Trufts veiled in me 4 hr virtue of the faid Office.*

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners re- Before whom

fpc&ively (hall and may take the faid Oath before any of the Barons	Com-

et' the Exchequer i« Ireland, and that the faid inferior Officers and officer!”

Perfons refpedively (hall and may takethe fame before the faid Com-

uriffionen, or any One of them ; and the faid Barons and Commif-fioners refpe&ivcfy are hereby authorized to adminifter the fame.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed. That in all cafes not otherwife ex- Quorum. prefsly dire&ed or provided, all and every Authority veiled, or to be

veiled in, and all and every Adi and Adis diredled or authorized to W done by the (aid Commiffioners, (hall and may be exercifed and done by any Three of them.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That if on any Trial, or in any Reputation fuf-Proceeding whatfoever, Civil or Criminal, Legal or Equitable, any ficient Evidence Queftioo mall arife concerning the Appointment or Qualification of of Appointment, any of the faid Commiffioners, or of any Officer or Perfon under

them, or his or her Right to hold, exercife or enjoy fuch Office, it fall be Efficient, to aH Intents and Purpofes, to prove, that at the time in quefikm fuch Perfon was reputed to be fuch Commiffioner or other Officer; and it (hall not be necefiary to prove or produce any Appointment or Qua) ideation.

XI.	Asd he it further enadled. That all Sums of Money which Sums iflu*d by fall have been or (hall at any time or times hereafter be granted by Pa^lial^nt Parliament, or iffiied out of His Maie fly’s Treafury in Ireland, for ^oumedfo? the Improvement of any Part of Ireland, by eredling Piers, forming before Com-Ciflds, making Rivers navigable, building Churches, Colleges, miffioners. School?, Gaols, or any other public Works or Edifices, maintaining

Charities, Hofpitals or Infirmaries, widening or forming new Streets,

Roads or Bridges, rendering Harbours more commodious, or efta-tHhiug Coal Yards in any Part of Ireland, or building, erecting.

Baling or promoting any other Works of public Utility, or of a tcbiic Nature, (hall be duly and regularly accounted for before the WCaswuflioners under this A&.

111. And be it further enadled. That the laid Commiffioners (hail Inland NavJga-fontime to time enquire into the Receipt and Expenditure of all p°”jDu

Money

Foundling Hof. pita), 8c c. Dublin and Charter Schools.

Linen Manufacture, Dublin Society.

Public Infirmaries and Hof-pitals.

Matters to be done by or to Commiffioner* of Impreft Accounts (hall refer to Com m illion-ers under ACt. Proceedings before former Commifiioners continued by New Commif-fi oners.

■K

C.J2-

52« GEO. III.

A.D.1812

Money heretofore granted or hereafter to be granted to the tion for promoting and carrying on the Inland Navigation in In and (hall alfo from time to time examine, audit ana fettle the counts of the Corporation for preferring and improving the Port Dublin.

‘ XIII. And whereas the Foundling Hofpital of the City 0

*	Dublin, the Hibernian and Marine Holpitals, Saint Patrick'1 lid

*	pital, and Houfe of Induflry in the faid City, and the Protefba c Charter Schools, are maintained principally by Publick Grants mi

*	Appropriations ;* Be it further enafted, That the (aid CbmmiJ doners fhall alfo from time to time examine, audit and fettle the Ac counts of the refpe&ive Governors, Guardians or Truftees thcreo refpeftively.

‘ XIV. And whereas various Sums have been granted from timt

*	to time, and annual Revenues appropriated to the Truftees of th

*	Linen Manufafture and to the Dublin Society ;9 Be it enacted That the faid Commifiioners fhall examine, audit and fettle from tua to time the Accounts of the faid Truftees and of the faid Society: Provided always, that fuch Examination of the Accounts of the faH Society fhall be made only fo long as the fame fhall receive any Par* liamentary Grants of Public Money, and until the laft of fuch Grant! fhall be fully accounted for and no longer.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffiooers unda this Aft fhall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to exa* mine, audit and fettle the Accounts of the feveral County Infirmaries in Ireland, and of the feveral other Infirmaries and Hofpitals of Royal or Publick Foundation in 1 relandt and of the Receipt and Expenditure, and of the Debts and Credits of all fuch Infirmaries and Hofpitals from time to time refpeftively, as and when the fame fhall be refpeftively given in Charge to the faid Commifiioners by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or when they fhall think proper to examine the fame, and not otherwile or oftener 5 but all Returns required by any A ft of Parliament not hereby repealed, to be made to the Commimoners of Accounts from or relating to any fuch Infirmary or Hofpital, fhall be duly and regularly made to the Commifiioners under this Aft accordingly, and mall remain in the Office of the faid Commifiioners, to be ufed and examined when they fhall be fo required to examine the fame, or when they fhall think proper fo to do.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That any Thing which is by or under the Authority of any Adi not hereby repealed, dire&ed to be done by or to the Commifiioners of Impreft Accounts, or any Number of them, fhall and may be done by or to the faid CommiJ-fioners under this Adi, or by or to the like Number of them refpeftively.

XVII.	And be it further enadied, That the faid Coramiffionen under this Adi (hall and may proceed on all and every Account which fhall be depending before and undecided by their Predecef-fors, the Commifiioners of Impreft Accounts, in the fame manner in all refpedi6 as if the (aid Accounts and the Examination thereof re-fpediively had proceeded fo far before themfelves ; and the Cud Commifiioners under this Aft fhall as to all Matters decided by or before their faid PredecefTors, confider themfelves bound and concluded is the fame manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid Dccifioos had been made by themfelves, and not wither or otherwife.

XVIII. And



kM. itn.	5a0 GEO. Ut	0.5a.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (ball and may be law-H for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor of Ireland for

time being, and for the Lord High Treafurcr or the Commif-boert for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland w the time being, or any Three of them, whenever he or they (hall adge the lame expedient, and in fuch manner, and under fuch Rules, "Men and Directions as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Go-rtrnor or Governors of Ireland (hall from time to time direCt and dUbEfb, to order any Perfons concerned in the Receipt or Expen* lituie of Public Money to fumilh due and proper Accounts of the feme* to be laid before the faid Commiflioners under this Ad, to be )j them examined and finally adjufted and fettled.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing herein oatained (hall extend to authorize the faid Commiflioners, under any rircundboces, to examine or audit any Account properly examinable >y or belonging to the Department of Military or Army Accounts, ad that all and every Voucher and Vouchers, Document or Docu-nents, properly belonging to any fuch Account, which are or (hall >e in the Office of the faid Commiflioners, (hall be handed over and Idheicd op to the Comptroller of Army Accounts, or to the Com* niffiooers of Military Accounts, or to any Perfon or Perfons authored by him or them to receive the fame, and that the fame (hall henceforth be kept in the Office of fuch Comptroller or Commif-ioaers.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners under hit Ad (hall be fubjed to fuch Regulations not contrary to Law, ouchiog and concerning the due Execution of their faid Office, as he Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of 7re-Wfor the time being (hall from time to time dired and eftablifh ; ind that it (hall be lawful for the faid Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to make and eftablilh Rules, Orders and Diredions for the Purpofes aforefaid.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That the Auditor General of HifMajeft/s Exchequer in Ireland (hall, within Two Months after thepaffing of this Ad, and within Two Months after the Fifth Day of Javtary in every future Year, make a Return in Writing to the (aid Commiffioners of all Sums iffued from the faid Treafury on any of the Accounts aforefaid, in the Year ending on the Fifth Day of Jmary next preceding fuch Return.

XXII.	And be it further enaded. That all Perfons who are or boa time to time (hall be liable to account before the faid Commif-foocn, fhall refpedively, within Three Calendar Months at the lateft after the paffing of this Ad, with refped to any Accounts in Ar-mr up to the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and within Three Calendar Months at the lateit after the Fifth Day of January in every future Year, deliver unto or tranfmit to the Office of the faid Commiflioners an Account Current of all Suns of Money received and paid by them for the Public Service vfcbinthe Year ending on the Fifth Day of January next preceding tkfaroMhing fuch Account, whether the faid Sums of Money or any d them were received or paid fur the Service of fuch Year or other-*4,together with uie Vouchers for fuch Receipts or Payments, acot^aaied by a Schedule of tae fame, which Account and Schedule MU figued by the Accountant or Accountants, or by lome Per-

fous

303

Lord Lieutenant or Treafury may order Accounts to be fub-mitted to Com-miflioner*.

Not to extend to Military Accounts.

Commiffioners ftibjed to Order of Lord Lieutenant.

Auditor General (hall annually fend to Cornmif-€ oners Returns of public Money advanced.

Accountants (hall fend in Accounts annually to Commiflioners.



A-D.ifc

Not to preclude the tranfmitting of other Accounts requited.

CommHfioncrs (hall call on Accountants to account, and compel them fo to do by Application to Attorney General, Lc.

On Default of Accountant Commiflioners after Notice may proceed peremptorily to audit Accounts in his Ablence.

C.$2.	$ld	GEO.	III.

fons duly authorized on his Behalf, or if fuch Accountant or Acd| ants be a Body Politic or Corporate, or a Society, or the of any Public Inftitution, then the fame fhall be aothenticrtl the Seal of fuch Corporation, or by the Signatures of Five! faid Trullees, or of Five of the Individuals compofing fuch Sdfl

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it cna^ed. That the Dfl or Tranfmiffion of fuch Account and Vouchers, by anyhfl countant or Accountants, (hall not exonerate the Parties from ing up and delivering or tranfmitting fuch other Accounts H be required of them, by any Determination or Order of ill Commiflioners under this Ad, whether upon or in confiyl the Reference of any Account to them as aforefaid, byttfl Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors bf Irdm\ the Lord High Treafurer, or Commiflioners tor executing til of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or otherwife ; but that 4 Accounts fhall be made up and authenticated according to (It ner and Form aforefaid, and from and to fuch Period as (hit quired by the Order of the faid Commiflioners under this A that Purpofc, and (hall be delivered unto, or tranfmitted to cW of the faid CoinmiflionerR, within fuch time as (hail be fort by fuch Order of the faid Commiflioners.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&cd, That the faid Comal under this Ad fhall and may, fo often as they (hail think! upon all Accountants or other Perfons, or Bodies Politic I porale, or Societies, or Truitees, to whom or to whofe Order! any Pifblick Money, for which fuch Perfons, Bodies, Soci Truftees refpedively (hall be accountable to the faid Commil (hall be or (hall have been iflued or intruded, to account to tl faid Commiflioners for the Receipt, Expenditure or Iffoe t withiu a time to be by them limited ; and on Failure of the Art being delivered accordingly within the time fo limited, the bit jmiflioners (hall, in every cafe where they fhall fee Caufe, tice thereof to His Majefly’s Attorney General in England \ land. His Majesty’s Advocate in Scotland, or His Majeftjft ney General in any of the Colonies or Plantations belong®# Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and IrelaJ, cafe may require, in order that fuch Motions, Suits, Bills or! may be made, inftituted, filed or iflued by the faid Officers; any fuch Defaulter, as may be neceflary to compel him to dd his Accounts as directed by the faid Commiflioners, nnWf Application of the Parties ftating fome fpeciai and lufficient of Delay, the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governori remors of Ireland, fhall grant his or their Warrant to ttaytk ceedings for fuch reafonable time or times as lie or they fbl fit.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any fuch Acco or Accountants (hall fail to deliver fuch Accounts, purfuaut I Requifition, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid 0 fioners, if they (hall think proper fo to do, to caufe a Notice, by any Three of the faid Commiflioners: for the time being, ferved on fuch Accountant or Accountants, that the firidw fioners will proceed peremptorily to audit the Accounts of (be countant or Accountants, or any Part thereof, that may be tiuned in fuch Notice, on a Day to be therein mentioned, nd

"	1

	|



$2* GEO. HI.

C.51.

3°S

iffl One Calendar Month from the Service of fuch Notice; and fcreupon fuch Commiflioners (hall proceed to audit fuch Account r Accounts accordingly, whether any Accounts (hail have been then pmlhedasaforelaid or not, or whether fuch Accountant or Account-Dts (hall attend or not ; and the faid Commiflioners (hall charge uch Accountant or Accountants with all Payments made from or mder HiiM^efty’s Treafury in Ireland, to him, her or them, or to iis, her or thar Order ; and if fuch Accountant or Accountants (hall act produce and prove, to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiflioners, roy Ddciarge, fuch Commiflioners (hall thereupon allow the Whole of tie Sums fo charged as a Balance again ft fuch Accountant or Accountants; Provided always, that it (hall and maybe lawful to ifid for the faid Commiflioners to poftpone from time to time, as rfteo as they (hall fee good Caufe for fo doing, the final auditing of iny fuch Account.

XXVI.	And, in order that it may more plainly appear whether it ii fit that any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Society or Truftees, (hoold receive future Aid from Parliament, or from His Majesty’s Treafury, be it enafted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic ■od Corporate, and all Societies and Truftees, who have received, or whe (hail at any time hereafter receive, by virtue of any Grant or Gnats from Parliament or otherwife, any Sum or Sums of Money WK of His Majesty’s Treafury in Ireland, which (hall not be appro-■lilted by the exprefe Terms of the Grant thereof to feme fpecial Forpofr or Purpofes wholly diftinft from the other Funds of fuch Body, Society or Truftees, (hall, in dating and rendering their Accounts as aforefeid, fet forth and date to the (aid Commiflioners under this Ad, from the time of the fird Grant or Order for any fuch Money, or any Part thereof, a full and exaft Account of all the Funds, Monies, Debts and Credits whatfeever of fuch Body, Society ar Truiees, however derived, or whatever be the Nature, Amount or Particulars thereof; and the faid Commiflioners (hall fettle and audit (aid Account, including fuch Part thereof.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled. That no Money (hall be iflued from His M^edy’s Treafury in Ireland by virtue of any Parliamen-

a Grant, or otherwife to any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies tic or Corporate, Society or Trudees, who (hall ever have rewired any former Money therefrom at any time after the Expiration of the Period within which he, (he or they (hall be liable to render an Account to the faid Commiflioners under this Aft, until fuch Woo orPerfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Society or Truftees, (hall have fird produced, or caufed to be produced to the proper Officer or Officers of His Majesty’s faid Treafury a Certificate ftgoed by the faid Commiflioners, or any Three of them, that he, (he or they hath or have fiimi(hed to the faid Commiflioners a full Account of the lad preceding Sum fo iflued, and of all Sums for which k, (he or they is or are accountable by reafon thereof.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it Grafted, That nothing in Ail A& contained (bail oblige the Commiffiorters to enquire into the Itpendhure of any Money granted for any of the Purpofes aforefaid, pawns to the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred aft®, except where any Grant or Payment made fince the faid time fetoyof the faid Purpofes (hall in their Judgments make fuch Enquiry

ProvttV.

Where Money

granted by Parliament generally Accoun-tjnts fhall ftate Accounts of all their Funds.

Money (hall nut be iflued by Treafury till for T er Sums are accounted for.

Period of coni, mencine Accounts by Com-miffioner*.



3o<S

Mo Deduction allowed from Grants except Pells and Poundage.

Commiflioners may call Parties before them with their Books and Vouchers.

Coromifijoness may examine on Oath all Perfona concerned in Expenditure of Money granted.

f Sic.

C.J2.

$2° GEO. lit.

A.0.A

quiry neceffafy Or ufeful, or except where they fhall othenrifirj neceffary for the Public Service.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That no Money fhall 1 out of any Sum which has been or fhall be granted by Pa‘ and which is to be accounted for before the laid Commifi account of Intercft or Difcount, or of any Dedu&ion from t Sum granted, other than the Dedu&ion of Pells and Pound where a fpecial Power has been of (hall be given to the Gi thorizing them to pay lntereft or Difcount, or tdmakef dudioo, or where it fhall be otherwife dire&ed or allowed! liament, nor fhall any Money be paid out of any fuch Giwt! Expences attending the Application for the fame, or inf| Memorials, Parliamentary Attendance, Or accounting for 4 penditure thereof; and all Sums fo paid fhall be difallowed a out of the Accountants* Difcharge by the faid Commiffioneifcl

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and miyl" ful. for the faid Commiflioners under this A&, or any Three! for the time being, and they are hereby required to call bef the feveral Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Societies a tees, who have at any time received from His Majesty’s Tn Public Money for any of the Purpofes aforefaid, or for j Purpofe which the faid Commiflioners are or fhall be autl inquire into ; and any Members, or Secretaries, or other ( any fuch Body Politic or Corporate, or Society, as alfo t Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Societies and Tn whom any Money has been granted or appropriated for a faid Purpofes ; and any Members, or Secretaries, or other ( any fuch Body Politic or Corporate, or Society, and the i fora, Executors and Adminiftrators of fuch Perfons refpe&itc to require them to give an Account of the Expenditure of I Monies, and to exhibit to the faid Commiflioners all fuch Aa Certificates, Warrants of Expenditure, Books, Muniment! I whatfoever, as fhall touch or concern the Receipt or Expe of fuch Money, or the Charge or Difcharge of the Accounts!) and as (hall be and remain in their Hands or Cuflody, and to i upon Oath (which Oath any One of the faid Commiffioomisi empowered to adminifter) the faid feveral Perfons touching the! Item8 thereof, or any Entries therein, and touching any Mitr lative to the Receipt, Expenditure or Non Expenditure of t Money.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Con or any Three of them, fhall alfo have full Power and Autl they are hereby authorized and required to call before l examine upon Oath, all Perfons who have, or who they I Reafon to believe have, any Knowlege of the receiving, exp difburfing or in any wife accounting for, entering, paying orm any of the Monies of which they are or (hall at any time be c thorized to date or fettle Accounts, and likewife to call befbt and examine upon Oath all Perfons whom they (hall think pre the Purpofe of enquiring into the Honefty, Efficacy and 7 of the Expenditure of all fuch Monies, and into the State i ditiona of the feveral Works f which any of fuch Manic* In or ought to have been applied, and to fend for and require to! habited to them, as often as they fhall think proper, all Act

io

v^ooQle

AJlrti*.

$3® GEO. tit.

C.52.

3*7

Cotificttes, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plans, Papers and Writings, tfvbat Natnre foever, and ra whofoever Cuftody theymaybe, which Many wife touch or concern the Receipt, Expenditure, Difpotal or Management of the faid Monies, and to examine upon Oath {whidh Oath any of the faid Commilfioners is hereby empowered to adnai-nider) all Perfons whom they (hall think proper, touching the State, Cuftcdy, Entries or Items m fuch Accounts, Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plans, Papers or Writings.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may he lawful for the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, and rber are hereby empowered and required to enquire into all corrupt ana fraudulent or improper Pradices or other MifconduA in the Expenditure, Application of, ordering or accounting for HTuing or receiving, all and lingular or any of the faid Monies, and into the Efficacy and due Execution of the Works for which any Part thereof have been or (hall he granted or appropriated, and they (hall not include, or fuffer to remain or be included in the Difcharge Part of any Account which (hall be at any time dated by them, any Article oif Expenditure which (haH not appear to them to be agreeable to the Intention or Import of the Grant to, or Truft repofed, or legal Powcts refted in the Parties to whom fuch Grant has been or (haH lave been made.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the (aid CommidionerB flail without any farther Requidtion, as foon as pof&ble after their Determination and Proceeding on any Matter committed to their Examination, give an Account thereof in Writing, under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and alio to each Houfe of Parliament, and alfo to the Lord High Treaforer or Commilfioners for executing the Office of Lord High Trtafnrer of Ireland, with refpeft to fuch Accounts as (hall have been referred to the Commiffioners under this A6I, by the faid Lord High Treafurer or the Commiffioners for executing the faid Office ; ana the (aid Commiffioners under this Aft (hall report therewith whit Defeds, Frauds or Illegalities (hall have been obferved during their Proceedings in the Mode of Account or Expenditure, or in the Execution of the feveral Works aforefaid, and likewife fuch Regulator other Matters as they (hall in their Judgment deem expedient to be obferved and adopted for the better dire&ing, enforcing and fearing the honeft, juft andeffe£tua) Expenditure of future Grants of Money, for the (aid feveral or fimilar Purpofes, or any of them.

XaXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be brfolto and for any One of the Juftices of Hi9 Majesty’s Courts of Ea^s Bench or Common Pleas, or any One of the Barons of His Mj£fty,s Court of Exchequer in Ireland, at their Difcretion, to grant 1 Writ of Habeas Corpus, to bring up any Perfon or Perfons confined but Gaol, Prifon or Place of Confinement in Ireland, to be exa-rinea before the faid Commiffioners under this A 61, or any Three of fen, touching any Matter of Account which (hall be then depend-•j before them, and every fuch Perfon fhail be fo brought up ac-«wgly; the Sum required by Law in every fuch cafe being firft ^ tendered; and (hall be brought and detained before the faid CoMBSoncrs, or any Three of them, from Day to Day, and from Ho* to Hour, and as often and as long as they (hall find neceflary jiGio. III.	X	fqr

CnmmifGoners may enquire into Frau, dsar.d (hall doc allow undue Expenditure in Difcharge.

Commiflioners (hall report to Lord Lieute nant, the Trea-fury and Parliament.

P.urtiei hi Con. finement may be brought bef< re Commillionfrs by Habeas Corpus tube ex* amined.



308

A.D.1J11.

4fTommifT oners may allow Payments without written Vouchers;

•r on imperfe& Vouchers.

Allowances above 30I. confirmed by .Lord Lieutenant.

Orders of Board

•f Firll Fruits and Certificates •f Bifhops alio* -«d as Voucher;.

fn Framination ommiUionert fh«il make up

C.5:.	5a®	GEO.	III.

for the Purpofe of fuch Examination, and at the Clofe thereof, M be carried back to the fame Prifon or Place of Confinement, or otbenrife difpofed of according to Law, and none of the faid Matters (hall be deemed or taken to be an Efcape ; and it (hall and may be lawful ta and for the faid Commiifioners to enquire into, afeertain and allow the neeeffary Expences of fo bringing and keeping every fuch Perkm in fuch Attendance, and of taking him or her back to fuch Prifon or Place of Confinement 5 and that luch Expences being fo allowed ad being certified by the faid Commiifioners, or any Three of them,M be paid as Part of the incidental Expences of faid Office.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to allow to the Credit of any Accountant any Sub on any Account of Expenditure that hath been or (hall be incurred, although no written Voucher of the a&ual Payment of fuch Sum (hall be produced to tlrcm, in cafes w here, upon Statements of the Accountants rendered on Oath, and after fufficient Enquiry, the (aid Commiifioners (hall be fatisfied that fuch Sums have been adually aid properly dilburfed, and that all due Diligence (hall have been ufed by the Accountant to procure fuch Voucher; and whenevu 1 Voucher produced or to be produced by any Accountant for any Account (hall be defedive, from the Want ot any Certificate or odor Document which ought to accompany fuch Voucher, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiifioners, upon Proof to their Satisfadion that the Accountant did not wilfully negled to procure fuch Certificatt t>r Document, and that the Sum fpecified in the Voucher (hall haw been actually and properly dilburfed, to admit fuch Voucher ssafnft ficient Difcharge of the faid Accountant, and to allow the Amount o{ the fame to his Credit : Provided always, that in all cafes where any Sum exceeding Thirty Pounds (hall be allowed to the Credit of any Accountant, either without any written Voucher, or upon animperfea Voucher, the Particulars and Amount of every fuch Allowance (hall be fpecilied to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor oi Governors of Ireland in the Statement of the Account in which fuch Allowances may be made, in order that the fame may be confidered and confirmed, or difallowed, by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chin Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, previous the Declaration of any fuch Account.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Orders of the Corn* miflioners of Fir ft Fruits in Ireland for the Appropriation of anyj Money which has been heretofore or (hall be hereafter granted to them by Parliament for the building of Churches, together with the Cera’, ficate of the Bifhops of the refpedive Diocefes, fetting forth that the Churches for which fuch Orders (hall have been made have bees properly and fuffidiently built, (hall be allowed as Vouchers for tht Sums contained in fuch Orders; and that upon any fuch Certificate and Order of Appropriation being laid before the Commiffioneri under this Ad, lur any One or more Church or Churches, and ai often as the cafe (hall fo happen, it (hall and may be lawful for thJ faid Commiffioners under this Ad to pafs the Account for the fame, without waiting for the Accounts of any remaining Part of the Suni granted to the faid Commiffioners of Firit Fruits.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded. That after the Examine tion of all fuch Perfons, Books, Papers, and other Matters* as the) (hall think proper, the laid Commiifioners undo* this Ad (hall mak<

12.

GEO. III.	C.52.	30^

fed and juil Accounts or Declarations of the Accounts of Account*, and

•ns, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Societies or Truftees, who	t#

ull be at any Time accountable to them, which Account

tain the Sum and Sub/lance thereof in Charge and Dif-

or by way of Debtor and Creditor; and they ihall caufe a

hereof to be given to the Party or Parties accountable.

IVllL Provided always, and be it eiiaded, That after any Lord Lieutenant xoint Ihall have been fo fully examined and audited by the empowered to noiffioners under thi6 Ad, and that any Sum or Item in the relieve againft p? thereof /hall have been difallowed, it /hall and may be and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or rs of Ireland for the time being, at any time within Three Months after the Date of fitch auditing, to order the faid oners for the time being to ftate, for the Information of the .•atenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland me being, the Grounds and Caufe of fuch Difallowances, m the faid Commi/Iioners for the time being, or any Thvee Ihall forthwith make a Report under their Hands, in Obe* fuch Order; and thereupon it /hall and may be lawful to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Go* f Inland for the time being, within Six Calendar Months Date of fuch Report, to order, by Warrant under Hand that every or any fuch Items or Item, or any Part thereof ly, Ihall be allowed, and thereupon the fame /hall be fo al-d the fame /hall be brought forward and allowed in the next of fuch Accountant.

X. And be it further ena&ed, That when any Account Accounts audita* been audited by the faid Commiflioners, the fame (hall be by Com mi t-condu/ive, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, fave fioners fiml,an4 ras the fame may be altered in manner aforefaid, by the h?Parties utenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland ordering Jfiapon* ne being in manner aforefaid ; and that if in any Account diture. dy Politic or Corporate, Society or Truftees, any Difcharge nil have been difallowed as aforefaid by the faid Commif-nd not afterwards allowed by Older of the Lord Lieu-r other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the I as aforefaid, the fame /hall not be paid or allowed out of i of fuch Body, Society or Truftees; but the Perfon or •ho ordered fuch Expenditure /hall be refpe&ively liable to >d the fame, and /hall and may be fued for the fame, or thereof, by an A&ion of Indebitatus AJfumpfit, either jointly Hy, by the Secretary of the faid Commiffioners; and in it (ball be fufRcient for the Plaintiff to prove the Order of adant or Defendants, and the Disallowance of the Sum fo or any Part thereof as aforefaid.

Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That if at the time of Relief of Ac* ssy fuch Account by the faid Commiflioners, any fuch covntantinotia 2at therein /ball be abfent from Ireland, then and in every fit Ihall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, Account*? Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, roe within Three Calendar Months after the Return of fuch

0	Ireland, to order the faid Commiflioners to flate the Caufe ich Difallowance as aforefaid; and thereupon fuch Report

1	roay be made by the laid Commiflioners, and fuch fubfe-

X 2	quest



B«Q

Voucher* may be deftroyed or given up.

Parties fum-moned refufing to attend, ke

Penalty.

Affirmation of Quakers allowed.

Peijury.

Cja.	5 a* GEO. in.	;A.D.iSif

(jurat Proceedings had, as if fuch Order had been iffued within tie tune aforefaid.

XLI. And bt it further enaded, That it (hall and may be law-ful to and for the faid Commiffioners from time to time to deftroy any Voucher or Voucher*, which (hall remain in their Office at my time after Fifteen Years from the Date thereof \ and alfo that ft (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, on reeling an Order in Writing for the Purpofe from the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to hand over and deliver up to the Perfon or Perfons mentioned for that Purpofe in fuch Order, any Voucher or Vouchers whatsoever that may be in their faid Office, and which (hall be (pc-cified or direded in fuch Order*

XLI I. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon duly fum-moned by Precept under the Hand and Seal of the laid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, to appear before the faid Commiffioners touching anv of the Matters aforefaid, to give Evidence or otherwife, or to exnibit any Account, Certificate, Book, Muniment, Bill, Plan, Paper or Writing, jpurfuant to this Ad, (hall refufe or negled to appear, or to exhibit any of the aforefaid Articles in his or her Cuftody, Power or Poffeffion, according to the Terms offoch Sammons, or to anfwer any Queftion on Oath, which (hall be lawfully propofed to him or her by anv of the faid Commiffioners, touching any Matter or Thine which they (hall therein be empowered to examine into, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every (uch Negled or Refufal, to be recovered by Civil BUI in the Court of proper Jurifditiion by any Perfon who (hall foe for the fame; and if any of the faid Grants, or any Part thereof, (hall have been made to be received by or paid to fuch Perfon who (hall fo refufe or negled as aforefaid, or to any one to whom fuch Perfon is the Succeffor, Executor or Adminiftrator, fuch Perfon fo negle&ing or refufiog (hall not only forfeit the like Sam for every Negled or Refufal, to be recovered in like manner, but fuch Proems fhafi likewife iflue out of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer again!! him or her, upon Complaint made before the (aid Court, as is ufoal againft Debtors to His Majesty who refufe or negled to account.

XLIII* And be it further enaded, That in all cafes in which ai Oath (hall be required or direded or authorized to be taken befott the faid Commiffioners, or any One or more of them, the Affirmatioi of a Quaker (hall he received as and for and in Heu of fuch Oath, am (hall be of the fame Force, Validity and Effed, to all Intents am Purpofes, as fuch Oath.

XLIV. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon who dial by virtue of this or any Ad or Ada of Parliament take or mak any Oath or Affirmation before the faid Commiffioners, or any o them, (hall wilfully or fialfely take any fuch Oath or Affirmation, am be thereof lawfully convided, he or (he fo offending (hall, for ever fuch Offence, incur and fuffer fuch Penalties, Pains and DifabiKtiet as Perfon9 convided of wilful and corrupt Peijury (hall then hr am Law or Laws in force in Ireland be liable unto; or if any PeHon ci Perfons (hall corruptly procure or fuborn any other Perfoh to tak fuch falfe Oath or Affirmation, and the Penon or Perfons fo pro curing; or fuboming (hall be thereof convided, every Perfon fo offend ing (hall, for every fuch Offence, incur and fuffer fuch Penaltici

Forfeitures

I# 12.

5a*GE0.ni.

C.53.

311

nm, Pains and DifabiKties, at Perfons conri&ed of Subornation ury Hull be then liable unto.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Member or Officer Officer* of r Corporation, Charity or Public Eftabb/bment hereinbefore Charities, Ac. »ed whatfoever, /hall refufe or wilfully negle& to obey any ng at* om or Order iffued by the faid Commiffioners, or any Three mom°IJc?>ura* a, to appear before or to exhibit or lay before them any Ac-, Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plant, Papers or ii which /hall be in his Cuftody or Po/Teffion, or to anfwer nth any Queftion which /hall be lawfully propofed to him by i Commiffioners, or any Three of them, every fuch Member cer /hall, for every fuch Offence, not oulv forfeit the Penalty Penalty, cnty Pounds hereinbefore impofed, but mall be likewife dead /hall be incapable of holding his faid Office any longer, ft. And be it farther ena&ed, That this A&, and all and Commencement latter and Thing therein contained, /hall begin and have Effe& °f id after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months next after Sng thereof, and not fooner.

Hi. And be it further ena&ed, That this A& may be amended, A St amended, or repealed, during this prefent Seffion of Parliament.	kc*

CAP. Lin.

t for extending the Time in which Coffee of the Britijh ations may be fold by Au&ion without Payment of the r on Au&ions ; and for making an Allowance of fuch on Coffee (old for which the faid Duty has not been

[5th May 1812.]

HEREAS by an Aj& made in the Forty fecond Year of 4% 0.3. c.pj. the Reign of His prefent Majesty King George the Third, § 3* other things, for exempting from the Au&ion Duty Edates feds bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any i Ship bom any Britijh Colony in America, or from any fthe United States, it is, among other things, ena&ed. That ods, Wares, Merchandize and Effe&s imported in any Britijh r Veffel from any Britijh Colony or Settlement in America, id may be (old by Au&ion free of the Duty impofed by Law tods and Effe&s (old by Au&ion, fubje& to a Provifo, that I in the (aid A& contained fhould extend or be deemed or ted to extend to authorize the Sale of any fuch Goods or 1 free of the faid Duty, unlefs fuch Sale fhould be made withia e Months next after the time when fuch Goods or Effe&s have been fo imported: And whereas it is expedient to allow to time for the Sale of fuch Coffee as is hereinafter men-i bee of the laid Duty:* Be it therefore ena&ed by the Mil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent tods Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Htaflemhled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from r the paffing of this A&, all Coffee fo imported as aforefaid I may be fold by Au&ion free of the Duty impofed by Law band Effe&s fold by Au&ion, at any time whiift the fame tod remain lodged in any Warehoufe or Warehouses under foe of an A& made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of fMajefty, intituled An AS for permitting certain Goods im-X 3	ported

CjOO^IC

Coffee imported from Britifh Colonies may be fold by Auction free from Duty while remaining in Warehoufe under 43 G*3-c. 13a, & c.

A.D.i8ir.

C.53.	5 2° GEO.	in.

Au&ion Duty •llowed for Coffee fold !>y Auction on or fince Jan. 29,1812, while remaining in Warehouse.

To be claimed

within Two Month*.

ported into Great Britain, to be fecured in Wareboufes without Payment of Duty, or any other A^t or Ads of Parliament, relating to the warehoufing of Goods without Payment of the Duties; any thing in the laid Provifo contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftaad-ing.

II.	And be it further enaded, That an Allowance of the Audios Duty (hall be made to the Audioncers for and in refped of allCofiet imported in any Britijh Ship or VefTel from any Britijh Colony or Settlement in jdmericat and fold by Audion on or fince the Twenty ninth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, whilft the fame was and remained lodged in any Warehoufe or W3re-houfes according to the Diredions of the faid Ad made m the Forty third Year aforefaid, cr of any other Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to the warehoufing of Goods without Payment of the Duties, and for and in refped whereof the faid Duty (hall not have been adually paid before the palling of this Ad ; any thing in any former Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithflanding.

III.	Provided always neverthelefs, That no Audioneer (hall have or be entitled to any fucli Allowance for or in refped of any fuch Coffee fold within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in Ln-don, unlefs fuch Audioneer by whom fuch Coffee ffiall have been fold (hall, within Two Months next after the pairing of this Ad, deliver at the Chief Office of Excife in London, to the Perfon or Perfcus appointed by the Commiffioners of Excife to receive the fame, aQ exad and particular Account in Writing of the total Amount of the Money bid at the Sale at which fuch Coffee ffiall have been fo fold, and of the feveral Articles, Lots or Parcels which ffiall have been there fold, and the Price of each and every fuch Article, Lot or Parcel 5 nor unlefs fuch Audioneer, or the Perfon who aded as hi* Clerk at fuch Sale, if any, ffiall at the time of the Delivery of fuch Account make Oath to tne Truth of each and every fuch Account, before the Commiffioners of Excife, or One of them, or before fuch Perfon as the faid Commiffioners of Excife ffiould appoint to receive the fame; nor ffiall any Audioneer have or be entitled to any fuch Allowance for or in refped of any fuch Coffee fold in any Part of Great Britain not within the Limits of the faid Chief Office, ualeb fuch Audioneer by whom fuch Coffee ffiall have been fold (hall, within fuch Two Months, deliver to tiie Colledor of Excife within whofe Collodion fuch Coffee ffiall have been fo fold, an exad and particular Account in Writing of the total Amount of the Mouev bid at the Sale at which fuch Coffee ffiall have been fo fold, and of the feveral Articles, Lots or Parcels which ffiall have been there fold, and the* Price of each and every fuch Article, Lot or Parcel; nor unlefs fuch Audioneer, or the Perfon who aded as his Clerk at fuch Sale, if any, ffiall at the time of the Delivery of fuch Account make Oath to the Truth of each and every fuch Account before fuch Collector of Excife; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife uotwithflauding.





Google

CAP.

JXi8n.

52* GEO. m. CAP. LIV.

C-54> 5S*

313

A ft for continuing, until the Firft Day of Augujl One Jioufand eight hundred and thirteen, feveral Laws relating to the Duties on Glafs made in Great Britain.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS the Laws hereinafter mentioned have by Experience been found ufeful and beneficial, and are near expir" ap indit is therefore expedient that the fame fhould be con-MedBe it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent jtif, by ind with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual * Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, i-by the Authority of the fame, That fo much of an A6t made in ffarty moth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled So’much of s for repealing the Duties on the Materials ufed in making Spread G* 3*c* -Wb® Glafi and Crown Glafs, and for granting other Duties	c*	69

itbxa /, and for the better Collection of the faid Duties, as was, by § 46. further *herA& made in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign aforefaid, continued till •bed until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred A,S* 1*1813. Itwelre, (hall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and Iremain and continue in force until the Firft Day of Augujl Oue jfad eight hundred and thirteen.

f. And be ft further ena&ed. That an Aft made in the Fifty firft J* G.3. c. 69. f «f the Reign of Hi* prefent Majesty, intituled An AS for repeal-	,nued t,u

fb Duty on ihe Materials ufed in making Flint and Phial Glafs ;	U*‘1,1 ***

far grading, until the Firjl Day of Auguft One thoufand eight mini twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof; and for continuing ftmtiing an AS pajfed in the Forty ninth Tear of His Majejlyys , intituled An AS for repealing the Duties on the Materials ufed vtg Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glafs, and for granting Dntiej in lieu thereof; and for the better ColleSion of the faid it which was to remain and continue in force for the Space of \

Rear, to be computed from the Firft Day of Augujl One thou-* *tt hundred and eleven, (hall remain and continue from the _ t Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, t the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and

CAP. LV.

\ to prevent Foreign Goods of certain Defcriptions being ght from the United States of America into Canada /

[ to allow a greater Quantity of Worded Yarn to be ex-Urom Great Britain to Canada. [jth May 1812.] dEREAS it is expedient that Foreign Goods and Com-moditiesnot of the Growth of the Territories of the United \ of America, fhould not be brought from the faid Terri-i by Inland Navigation or Land Carriage into the Province Upper and Lower Canada, to the Prejudice of the Trade carton hy Sea from the United Kingdom to the faid Provinces ;** j^fhetrtore ena&ed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by’ ' I withe Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tera-Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by X 4	tU



AJ>. lira*

3 <4

0.53,56.

5a* GEO. HI.

Whit Goods brought from United States into Can. da. Penalty.

47 G. y Se(T.

c.9.

His Majesty may permit Worftcd Yarn to be exported from 1 .ondon to Lower Canada

»8 G.3. C.3S, *9-

49 0-3.6 3*.



the Authority of the fame That no Goods or Commodities what, foever, except Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of the Territories pf the United States of Amenta* (hall be brought from the Territories of the {aid United States of America by Inland Navigation or Land Carriage, into the Province* of Lower or Upper Canada, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of the laid Goods or Commodities, or the Value thereof, together with the Veffel or Carriage in which the fame (hall be brought ; to be fued for, recovered and diflributed in the like manner as is direfted in any Aft in the cafe of Offences being committed againft the Laws of Cuftoms in any of His Majesty ?s Plantations in Africa or America* 4 JI. whereas the Quantity of Worfted and Woollen Yaw

*	permitted to be exported by an Aft paffed in the Forty feventk Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A8 for allowing the Ex*

*	port alt on annually of a limited Quantity of Worfted Tarn to Canada,

*	is found not fufficient for the Indian Trade in Canada Be it these* fore enafted, That, from and after the patting of this Aft, it Hull and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Exportation of any Quantity of Worfted or Woollen Yarn, not exceeding Twenty thoufand Pounds Weight in any One Year, from the Port of London, to be tranfported to the Province of Lower Canada, in fuch Proportions, at fuch times, in fuch manner, and fubjeft to fuch Regulations and Reftric-tions as (hall be direfted and appointed by His Majesty, by and with the Advice afoiefaid 5 any thing in an Aft pafiiro in the Twenty eighth Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An AS to explain* amend and reduee into One A& of Parliament* federal Lawf now in being for prtventing the Exportation of lipe Sheep, Rome and Lambs, Wool* Woolf els* Mottling*, Short lings* Tan and Wafted* Cruel** Coverlids, Waddings and other flfanufaSures, of pretended Manufactures* made of Woolflight Ip wrought up, or otberms/g put together* Jo as the fame may be reduced to and made ufe of at Woofagain* Mattreffet or Bed* Jluffed <u \tb combed Wool* or Woos Jit for combing* Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clap, front that Kingdom* and from the Ifles of Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney f Sark and Man* into Foreign Parts ; and for rendering more me Quad On jtS paffed in the Twenty third Tear of the Reign of IGmg Henry the Eighth, intituled An A8 for tfjc Winding of Woof* tp the contrary notwithftanding,

CAP. LVl,

Afl Aft to explain suifi amend an Aft patted in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majesty, fpr explaining spid amending an Aft for continuing and making perpetual feveral Duties of One Shilling gnd Six pence in the Pound on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Penfions and Stipends.	[yth	Map	181a.]

*	YT7 HEREAS an Aft patted in the Forty ninth Year of the

*	VY Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An AShr contbtu-

*	mg and mating perpetual feveral Duties of One Shifting and Si* 4 pence, repealed by an AS of nthe I aft Sefion of ParBantear, on Ojfteet

*	and EmphpmenU of Profit dad on Aa*mtu?9 Penfions aud Stipends*

4 and



52* GEO. III.	C.5 tf.

( and thereby grantedfor One Tear, to the Twenty ffih Boy of March ' One thoufana eight hundred and nine, by which it was enaded, that,

1 from and afar the Twenty fifth Day of Marth One thousand

*	eight hundred and nine, there (hould be afiefled, railed, levied and

*	paid, unto sod for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-1 ceffors, soon all Annuities, Penfions, Stipends and other Pay-‘ ments. Salaries, Fees, Wages and Perquifitet, as fet forth in the

*	ScfaUe to the faid Aft annexed, the feveral Rates and Duties 1 rdjxdirely inferted and contained therein ; And whereas another 1 Aa pafed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent 1 Afajedy, intituled An A3 to explain and amend an AS faffed in the 1 Uf8 Sejjum of Parliament for continuing and mating perpetual feveral ' Duties of One Shilling and Sin pence in the Pound\ repealed by an A3 ' of the laf Sefffon of Par Ft ament* on Offices and Employments of Profit,

‘ end on Annuities, Penfant and Stipends ; by which it is jena&ed,

‘ that the (aid Duties of Six pence and One Shilling refpedively 1 (hall be affeffed, raffed, levied and paid in Scotland, for the Purpofes

*	direded by the faid laft recited Ad for and in refped of all Pen*

' fions and Annuities, and for and in refped of all Salaries, Fees,

1 Wages and Perquifites, and for and in refped of all Penfions or < Gratuities for or in refped of which or of any of which the laid f Duties were refpedively charged or chargeable in Scotland prior to

*	the palling of the faid lall recited Ad, by virtue of Two Ads 1 Dtfled in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His faid late Maiefty, ‘.Kiog George the Firfl, and in the Thirty firft Year of the Reign 1 of His laid late Majesty King George the Second, which are

*	therein recited, or by virtue of any Aft or Ads paffed prior to ’ the paffing of the laid laft recited Ad puffed in the then laft f Scffion of Parliament, in the manner in which the fame were re-

*	fpedively railed, afiefled, levied and paid, prior to the pafling of 1 the (aid recited Ad pafied in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign 1 of His prelent Majesty: And whereas Doubts have arifen whether

*	the faid Dudes were to be fubjed to the Exemptions fpecified in

*	1 Schedule annexed to the laid recited Ad paffed in the Forty 1 noth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, which Schedule is f uroexed to this Ad :* fie it therefore declared and enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty. by and with the Advice and Con-fat of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ia this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the lame, Bat the faid Duties were and IhaO be fubjed and liable to the Exemption* fpecified in the laid Schedule, and this Ad, and the Schedule hereunto annexed, (hall be deemed and taken to be a Part ofthe faid Ad paffed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty ; and this Ad and the laid laft mentioned Ad (hall be cootroed together in the fame manner as if this Aft had made Part ofthe fad laft mentioned Aft-

SCHEDULE referred to,

exemptions.

MIT of the Royal Family.

faf Berlbn on tne Staff of His Majesty’s Army \ any CommifBoned * Ron CofnfcifBbned Oficer or Private in the Army, Artillery,

Marines



Google

vs

»*•

50G.3c.54,

Exemptions of Doties of is.64. in the Pound re# gulated by Schedule aa* uexed.

3*6	C.56,57.	52aGEO.	III.	A.D.1812.

Marines or Corps of Engineers, or in the Militia or Volunteers, or

in the Navy.

Any Penlion or Gratuity which His Majesty’s Royal Predeceflors, or His Majcfly, (hall have been, or His faid Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflors, fhall be pleafed to declare in the Warrant, Order or other Inflrument, directing Payment thereof to be intended at Charitable Donations.

Any Office or Employment in any of the Univerfities in Greet Britain.

. In every cafe where any Salary, Wages, Fees, Perquifitea, Gratuities or other Payments payable in refpcd of any Office or Employment of Profit, or any Annuity, Penfion, Stipend or other Payment, fhall have been fpecially exempted from the Payment of Aids and

•	Taxes by any Att of Parliament.

In every cafe, where any Salary, Stipend or other Payment of or m refped of any Office or Employment, or any Proportion of fuch Salary, Stipend or other Payment, which fhall be payable to any

~ Perfon in refped to his having held any Office or Employment, or

■ upon his Superannuation from fuch Office or Employment, fhall have been or fhall be direded to be paid Net or without Deduction by any Order of His Majefly in Council, or by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Commiffionert of His Majelly’s Treafury.

In every cafe where the Charge or Charges of One Shilling and of Six pence refpectively, or of either of them, or any Salary, Stipend or other Payment aforefaid, fhall have been dire&ed to be repaid

1 or re-imburfed to the Party charged with the faid Duty of One Shilling and Six pence refpe&ively out of the Public Revenue, or out of the Contingent or Fee Fund, or Incidents of any Department of Office by like Order of His Majesty in Council, or by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or by Order of the Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Treafury.

Provided always, That the Authority for the Payment Net or without Deduction of any Salary, Stipend or other Payment aforefaid, and the Authority for the Repayment out of the Public Revenue, or out of the Contingent or Fee Fund or Incidents of any Department of Office, of any Charge made or any Salary, Stipend or other Payment aforefaid, fhall be refpe&ively certified by fomt principal Officer in the Department to which fuch Office or Employment belongs, or fuch Payment is made, to be paid Net of without Dedudion, or to be repaid out of the faid Revenue.,

CAP. LVII.

An A St to enable His Majesty to fettle on their Royal High-, nefles the PrincefTes Augufla Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary and Sophia, an Annuity of Thirty fix thoufand Pounds, inftead of the Annuity fettled on them by an Ad pafled in th« Eighteenth Year of His prefent Majesty. [5th May 1812.]

* Moft Gracious Soverefgn,

18 G. 3.0.31.	*	TT	T	HE	REAS an Ad parted in the Eighteenth Year of Your

€ W Majefly’s Reign, intituled An A3 for enabling His Majejly

*	to fettle on their Royal Highnejfes the Princes Frederick Bijhof of

‘ Qfnaburgh^



AD. 1812.

3*7

52? GEO. III.	C.57.

*	O&aburgh, William Henry, Edward, Emeft Auguftus, Auguftus ‘ Fredenck and Adolphus Frederick, an Annuity of Sixty thoufand

*	Pounds per Annum 5 and alfo to fettle on their Royal Higbnejfes the 4 Princeffts Charlotte Augufta Matilda, Augufta Sophia, Elizabeth,

4 Mary and Sophia, One other Annuity of Thirty thoufand Pounds per

*	Annum; and alfo to fettle on His Highnefs Prince William Frederick,

* One other Annuity of Eight thoufand Founds per Annum ; and on 4 Her Highnefs the Princefs Sophia Matilda, One other Annuity of 4 Four thoufand Pounds per Annum : And whereas Your Majesty has 4 been gracioufly pleafed to exprefs Your Ddire to Your faithful 4 Commons, to be empowered to provide for the Ellablilhment of

*	their Royal Highneifes the Princeffes Augufta Sophia, Elizabeth,

*	Mary and Sophia, by an immediate GrantTherefore We Your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, do molt humbly befeech Your Majesty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adlice and Coufent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament afiemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That it lball be lawful to and for the King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, inftead of the faid Annuity in the faid Ad mentioned, by any Letters Patent, or by feveral Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain hereafter to be made, to give and grant to their Royal High* Defies Princefs Augufta Sophia, Princefs Elizabeth, Princefs Mary and ?nnceh Sophia, and to the Survivors and Survivor of them, or to fuch other Perion or Perfons as His Majesty lhall think fit to be named in fuch Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, during the Lives of their fi|id Royal Highneffes, and the Life of the Survivor of them, in Trult for their faid Royal Highnefles, or the Survivors orStirvivor of them, Oue Annuity or Yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Thirty fix thoufand Pounds of lawful Money of Gnat Britain, by the Year, to commence and take Effed from the. Eighteenth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and. twelve, and to be paid and payable by even and equal Portions on the Four moft ufual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to fay, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of Ja/j and the Tenth Day of 0Bober ; the Firft Payment thereof to be made as foon as may be after the palling of this Ad, for the proportionate Part of the Quarter between the faid Eighteenth Day of February and the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twelve; and that fuch Annuity or Yearly Sum of Money lhall w may, by fuch Letters Patent as aforefaid, be given and granted to iffue, and (hall accordingly ifiue and be payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, after paying or referring fufficient to pay all fuch Sum or Sums of Money as hath or have been direded to be paid out of the fame by any former Ad or Ads of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which lhall and may be hereafter charged upon and payable out of the faid Fund.

II. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded. That upon the Death flfaay of their faid Royal Highhefies the PrincelTes, or upon the Marriage of any one of them, and the Payment of a Portion on or in Cflftfideration of fuch Marriage, not lefs than Forty thoufand Pounds StaEag, the Right} Title, Share and Intercft of fuch Princefs fo

dying



His Majesty em# powered to fettle on the Four Prince flea, inftead of Annuity granted by 1$ G. 3. *c. 31* an Annuity of . 36,oooL

Regulations fer dividing the laid Annuity upon the Marriage or Death of any of the PrinoeflW



318	£57,58.	520	GEO.	III.

dying or being married, in and to the (aid Yearly Rent or Annuity of Thirty fix thoufand Pounds, or any Part thereof, (hall ceafe sad determine, and the faid whole Annuity (hall from thenceforth acetue and remain to the Three other Princeffes; and upon the Death or Marriage of any other of the faid Princeffes, and the Payment of x Portion, not lefs than Forty thoufand Pounds Sterling, on or ii Confideration of fuch Marriage, the Right, Share and Intereft of fuch other Princefs fo dying or being married, in or to the (aid Annuity of Thirty fix thoufand Pounds, (hall ceafe and deteimmet and Two Third Parts of the faid Annuity of Thirty fix thoufand Pounds, amounting to Twenty four thouiand Pounds per Am, and no more, (half accrue and belong to the other Two PrincefTes then unmarried5 and upon the Death or Marriage of either of the hud Two lafi mentioned Princeffes, and Payment of a Portion, not lefs than Forty thoufand Pounds Sterling, on or in Confidents of fuch Marriage, the Right, Share and Intend of fuch Princefs of, hi and to the faid Annuity of Twenty (bur thoufand Pounds, (ball ceafe and determine ; and the other of the faid Princeffes then firing (hall be entitled to Twelve thoufand Pouods per Annum, Part of the laid Rent or Annuity of Twenty four thoufand Pounds, and bo more, to ceafe and be determined on her Death or Marriage, and the Payment of a Portion, not lefs than Forty thoufand Pounds Sterling, on or in Confideration of fuch Marriage.

Aateudetydd	III. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid refpe&rve Annuities

■*	(hall	be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Muddy’s Exchequer,

sndfirec from 0llt.0^	fa,<* Fund, and the Auditor of the faid Receipt (hall and

ajj Xaiex °	1$ hereby required, by virtue of fuch Warrant or Warrants, to

make forth and pafs Debentures, from time to time, for paying the (aid refpe&ive Annuities as the fame (hall become due and payaUs without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; and the refoe&ive Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts, of their laid Royal Highneffes, Or of fuch other Perlon or Perfons as (hall be by them refpcArrely authorized and appointed to receive fuch refpe&fre Annuities, or any Part thereof, (hall be a good and diffident Difcharge for the Pay-ifcent thereof 5 and the laid Debentures to be made forth and pafied upon the (aid Warrant or Warrants (hall be a diffident Authority t* the feveral and refpedHve Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the find refpeahe Annuities to their faid Royal Highneffes, during the Continuances of the fame, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for, bad or obtained in that Behalf; and that the (aid refpe&ive Annuities fo to be given and granted, (hall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Affeffinents, and all other Charges whatsoever.

CAP, LVin.

An A£t to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Exdfe on Tobacco to be manufactured in Ireland; and to allow certain Drawbacks in relbeft thereof, in lieu of former Duties of JExcife and Dravroacks*, and to provide for the regulating and feewring the CoHeftito of the laid Duties.

[2oth Map i8t2/J

10	M



AJXrtia.

5 2° GEO. in.

C.5?.

3 V

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Msjefty’s moft dutiful snd loyal Subjeds the Com-toons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Inland, in Paribmeot aflembled, towards railing the neceflary Supplies, have fiedy and voluntarily refblved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties hereinafter mentioned; and do moft humbly beleech Your Majesty that h may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lonk Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Par-hameataftrmbled, and by the Authority of the Dune, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there (hall be mated, railed, levied, collected, paid and fatisfied, unto and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, an Excife Duty of One Shilling and Seven pence Britijb Currency, for and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco which (hall at any time or times, bon and after the Commencement of this Ad, be delivered out of any of His Majesty’s Warehouses, or out of the Cuftody of any Oncer or Officers of the Cuftoms, for Manufadure in Ireland, and lo in Proportion for any greater or leffer Quantity, and to be chvged oo and paid by the Perfon or Perfons to wnom the fame (Ul be delivered for Manufadure; which laid Duty of Excife (hall be in Keo and full Satisfadion of all Duties of Inland Excife granted by any former Ad or Ads of Parliament on Tobacco manutadured in Ireland, or taken out of the original Package for Manufadure in Inland.

II. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, all Duties of Inland Excife impofed on Tobacco manufactured in Ireland by Two feveral Ads, the one made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, mtkuled An A8 to grant to HU Majejly certain Inland Duties of Excife and Taxes its Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in re-bed thereof, in Bat of former Duties of Excife, Taxes and Draw-Uch; and the other in the Fifty firft Year of His laid Majesty’s Reign, intituled jfu AB to grant an additional Duty of Excife on Tmcco manufaBurad in Ireland, (hall ceafe and determine, and be no lower paid and payable, fave as hereinafter provided.

UL Provided always, and be it enaded. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to affed or take away iiy of the Regulations or Provifions, Powers or Authorities, con-tamed in any Ad or Ads in force on or before the Commencement ofthiiAd, for levying’or recovering of all Excife Duties payable oo Tobacco, and Arrears of fuch Duties, which (hall have been inclined or become due on or before the Commencement of this Ad ; and that all and every fuch Regulations and Provifions, Powers and Authorities, (hall be and remain in full force for the levying and recovering the laid Duties, and Arrears of the faid Duties.

IV. Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That all Tobacco which, taring been delivered out of the Cuftody of any Officer or Officers of the Coftoms, or out of any of His Maiefty’s Warehouses, on or Wore the Commencement of this Ad, mall be in the Cuftody or PoSeffion of any Manufadurer or Manufadurers of Tobacco, or other Pefcn or Perfons in Ireland, at any time on or after the Commence->nt of this Ad, (hall be chargeable and charged with the Inland Ewh Duty payable on Tobacco, under and by virtue of any Ad

Doty of ts, tA for every lb. of Tobacco delivered out of Wareboufefov Manufadure.

Excife Duty on Tobacco by 47 0.3. SefT. X. c. x8. and 51 0.3.05*. to ceafe;

but Duties in Arrear, and Penalties incurred, recovered.

Tobacco in Cuftody of Manufadurers, ftc. fubjed to old Duty.



Google

or

59 & 40 0.3.

c. 67.

4oG.3.(!.)c.38.

Tobacco and SnufF imported from Great Britain into Ireland to nay following Countervailing Duties:

Duties.

or Afts in force in Ireland on or before the Commencement of this Aft; and the faid Duty (hall be charged againft and payable and paid by fuch Perfon and Perfons, at fuch time, and in fucb manner, and under and fubjeft to all the Rules and Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, mentioned, expreffed and contained in any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, on or before the Commencement of this Aft, for the charging, paying, levying and collecting of the Inland Excife Duties on Tobacco; any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

* V. And whereas it is-expedient, purfuant to the Provifions of

*	the Afts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland\ that in rr-

*	fpeft of the Duties on Tobacco imported into and manufactured in 1 Ireland, Countervailing Duties fhould be charged upon Tobacco 1 and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain,

*	and imported from thence into Ireland, fufficient to countervail ,* the Duties charged on Tobacco imported into and manufactured

*	in Ireland ;y Be it therefore enafted. That for and upon all Tobacco and SnufF, the* Growth, Produce-or Manufacture of Great Britain, of the feve^al Descriptions hereinafter mentioned, which (hall be imported from thence into Ireland at any time or times from and after the Commencement of this Aft, there (hall be charged, levied, collected and paid the feveral Countervailing Duties following, in lien and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable _upon the Importation of fuch Tobacco and Snuff, under and by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland on or immediately before the Commencement of this Aft ; that is to fay.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco, of tne Growth or Produce of Great Britaint the Sum of Seven pence Three Farthings:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Brilifb manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly known or called by the Name of Spani/h, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence :

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Tobacco or Snuff, being Britijl - man u fa ft u red Shag Tobacco cut. the Sum of Two Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings; Britijb~manufactured Roll Tobacco, the Sum of Two Shillings and Pour pence; i?ri7i]/&-manufafturcd Carrott Tobacco, the Sum of Two Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny; every other Sort of 2?n*/^&-manufac-tured Tobacco not hereinbefore enumerated or deferibed, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence ; ^fr/7/^-manufaftured Rappee Snuff, the Sum of One Shilling and Eleven pence Three Farthings ; Bri-tijh manufactured Snuff called Scotch Snuff, the Sum of Two Shillings and Nine pence ; 2?r/7x/&-manufaftureci Snuff called Brown Scotch Snuff, the .Sum of One Shilling and Eleven pence ; Briti/h-manufactured Stalk Flour, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence Three Farthings s

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every other Sort or Kind of 2?ri/^&.manufaftured Snuff or Snuff-work, not here, inbefore enumerated or deferibed, the Sum of Two Shillings and Nine pence :

All which faid laft mentioned Duties (hall be paid and payable in Britifh Currency s

And



Google

3*1

A.D. 1812.

52* GEO. III.

C.58.

Asd that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of Drawback of Tobacco and Snuff manufadured in Ireland of the like Dcnomin?- Countervailing tioDS, and exported at any time from and after the Commencement ^U£^J»itatloti of this Ad, and for which the Duties payable thereon (hall have ^ fJchTobacc# been fully paid and fatisfied, there (hall be allowed and given a and Snuff from Drawback equal in Amount to* the Countervailing Duties by this Ireland to G. B. Ad granted on Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, in lien of all Drawbacks payable under and by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland on or immediately before the Commencement of this Ad, in refpect of any fuch Tobacco or Snuff exported from Ireland to Great Britain.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That upon all Tobacco and Snuff Drawback »U* manufadured in Ireland from Tobacco, which (hall have paid all lowed on-Export-Duties of Cuftoms and Excife payable on the fame according to Law, ftion of ^°: from and after the Commencement of this Ad, which (hall be ex- t"c^ya^h^rnu ported from Ireland to any Place except Great Britain, there (hall be place except paid and allowed by way of Drawback or Compcnfation for the Duty G. B. charged and paid on the Import of the Leaf Tobacco whereof it

hath been manufadured, and for the Excife Duty charged thereon by Law, the like Sums bf Money a3 are'by this Ad allowed and	,

made payable on all fuch manufadured Tobacco and Snuff exported to Great Britain, according to the Defcriptions and Denominations hereinbefore mentioned and contained: Provided always, that Proof (hall be made on Oath or other wife, to the Satisfaction of the Com-miffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, that all fuch manufactured Tobacco or Snuff- fo exported had been manufadtured from Tobacco, which had theretofore paid all Import and Excife Duties payable by Law thereon.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That all Monies arifing from the Duties carried t# Duties by this Ad granted, the neceflary Charges for colleding and Confolidated paying the fame being deducted, (hall be carried to and made Part of Fund of Ireland, the Confolidated Fund of Ireland.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, fo much of ail Ad made in the Forty eighth	c	§$•

Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An AS to male per-

ftltul and to amend federal Ads for the better regulating the iffuing and granting of Permits and Certificates, for the Conveyance and Pro-uBion offer tain Excifeable Goods in Ireland, as relates to the Removal of any Tobacco out of the Cuftody of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, or from any Warehoufe in which the fame (hall have been lodged and fecured, iuto the Stock of any Manufadurcr of Tobacco ; or to the granting of any Permit for the Removal of Tobacco into the Stock of any Manufadurer of Tobacco, (hall ceafe and determine, and Ihall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

IX.	And, (or the better feeuring the Inland Excife Duties on Regulations as t« Tobacco in Ireland granted by this Ad, be it enaded, That no V«mitrfiir Tobacco (hall at any time after the Commencement of this Ad, be Tobacco* removed out of the Cuftody of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms,

or from any Warehoufe in which the fame (ball have been lodged and fecured, except for Exportation, or into the Stock of a licenled Ma-tufa&urer of Tobacco ; and that whenever fuch Tobacco (hall be in-tewfed to be removed into the Stock of fuch Manufadurer, the Per-which (hall be granted for the fame to the Importer or Whole-

?

- ‘ fals

A«D. i!ti

jl*	C.58.	54*	GEO.	in.

fale Merchant to whom fuch Tobacco (Hall belong, by the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, (hall be lodged with the Exciie Permit Officer, who (hall, under the Proviiions hereinafter mentioned, grant in lieu of fuch Cuftoms Permit an Excife Permit for the Removal of fuch Tobacco into the Stock of the Manufadurer mentioued in fuch Cuftovn Permit; and fuch Tobacco'(hail not be removed out of the Cuftody of the Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, or out of any Warehoufe in which the lame (hall be fo lodged or fecured, until the Manufacturer, or fome Perfpn n his Behalf; (hall hare obtained and produced the (aid Excife Permit to the proper Officer of the Cuftomt No Permit	X. And be it further ena&ed, That no iiich Excife Permit for the

granted until Removal of any fuch Tobacco (hall be granted, until the Duties of Excife impofed by this Ad (hall have been fully paid thereos; oor pais, Ice.	until tjjC Manuftaurcr *o whom fuch Tobacco (half be intended to he

delivered, or fome Perfon on his Behalf, (hall produce to fuch Penait Officer of Excife, the Permit granted for fuch Tobacco by the Officer of Cuftoms, and alfo the Receipt of the Colledor of Excife of the DiftriCt, for the Excife Duty pn fuch Tobacco; nor unlefs fuch Officer of Excife (hall be fuffered to indorfe on fuch Receipt the Quantity of Tobacco for which fuch Excife Permit is required, sod the Date of fuch Permit; and every fuch Officer is hereby required to make fuch Endorfement accordingly ; and in every fuch Receipt (hall be fpecified the Number of Pounds Weight of Tobacco upoi which the faid Duty (hall have been paid, together with the Number and Mark of each Package in which luch Tobacco (hall be contained, diftinguifhing the Weight of each.

Tobacco rc- XI. Anabe it further ena&ed, That if any Tobacco (hall be removed (exccjpt moved out of any of His Majesty's Warehoufes or Stores, or out of f.jr Exportation), tjie cuftody of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms (except for Permit forfeited Exportation) before fuch Excife Permit (hall be granted for the *	* Removal of the fame, all fuch Tobacco fo removed without fuch Ex-

cife Permit (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife.

Certificate from XII. And be it further enacted, That before any Licence be Surveyor, of his granted to manufa&ure Tobacco, any Perfon requiring the feme dull, with the Entry which he is by Law required to make of the fcveril produced befcre Places and Utenfils to be ufed by him Tor keeping or manufa&imog Licence granted. Tobacco, deliver to the proper Officer for granting fuch Licence, s Certificate from the Surveyor of Excife of the Survey within whkh the Manufactory of fuch Perfon (hall be fituate, fetting forth that he has infpeCted the feveral Places and Utenfils mentioned and deferibed in fuch Entry.

Stock in Poflef- XIII. And be it further ena&ed. That whenever the Stock ;of fionof Manufac- Leaf Tobacco in the Poffeffion of any Manufacturer of Tobacco turer, not left (haft be lefc than the Quantity of fuch Tobacco which, by the Stock ^odLAceomt0 Account kept by any Officer of Excife, ought to be in tbePoflcffios of officer. of Manufacturer, every fuch Manufacturer (hall, for every tune Penalty.* fuch Decreafe (hall appear, forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings for every Pound Weight of fuch Tobacco which (hall appear fo deficient.

Tobacco in Cafe XIV. And be it further enaCted, That it fall and may be hirful m»y be weighed, for any Officer of Excife, from time to time when he (hall think it expedient fo to do, to weigh any Tobacco in Cafe, declared to fee intended for Snuff; provided that fuch Tobacco fall have remained

in



AJ).i8i2.

S*° GEO. ID.

C$8.

3*3

in ibch Cafe for the Space of Six Weeks or upwards; any thine in an Ad, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty leventh Year 37^ of Hii prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for regulating and extending the Tobacco trade, and for fecuring the Duties payable upon tbe Import and Manrfadurc of Tobacco, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That all Contrafts, Promifes, Contraa* for Bonds, Judgments or other Securities given or executed by any Per- Sale of Tobacco, foOf where the Whole’or any Part of the Confederation of any fuch where Oniidera-Coa^rad, Promi(e or Security, (hall be for any Tobacco in Leaf or	noth*

Buofedured, which (hall have been fold for a lefs Price by the doBed^ccTviS. Pound Weight than the Import and Excife Duties payable thereon, ‘ together with a Sum of Two pence added thereto, (hall amount to, orfbratfy Tdbacco with which fuch Permits as by this Aft required flaBuot have been granted, (hall be utterly void ; and no Suit (hall be oantaioed thereon in any Court of Law or Equity.

XVI.	Anjl be it further enafted, That if any fuch Tobacco (hall If Tobacco be

be fold for ready ‘Money at any lower Price than as aforefaid, it (hdl fold for a lovver and may belawful for the Perfon or Perfons buying or purchaling Pricc» Buyer fiich Tobacco, to recover from the Seller or Sellers thereof a Sum recover etjaal to the fiill Amount of fuch Tobacco fo fold as aforefaid, to be Seller*^6 r°m filed for and recovered by Aftion in any of His Majesty’s Courts of	•

Record in Dublin, or by Civil Bill in a Court of proper Jurifdidion,

where the Amount of the Sum to be recovered (hall be within the Jurifdktion of fuch Civil Bill Court.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Not to void Con-

coatajoed (hall extend or be con (trued to extend, to make void or trad for bait of defeat any Contraft for or Sale of Tobacco made bona fide under any	under

Execution or Commifiion of Bankruptcy againft the Owner of fuch ruPtc>-Tobacco.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That every Licence to fell Licence in force miDofadorrd Tobacco or Snuff by Retail, which (hall have been till the 15th of granted before the Commencement of this Aft, (hall expire on, aud March*

:be;op longer in force than until the Twenty fifth Day of March next aftef the Commencement of this Ad; and every fuch Licence winch Hull be granted after the Commencement of this Act.(hall be ‘klbrce pntil the Twenty fifth Day of March next after the Date of • fttb Licence, and no longer.

XfX And be it further enafted, That no Tobacco Stalks, whether No Tobacco,&c. oatmfa&ored or unmanufaftured, qr Tobacco Stalk Flour or Snuff- imported jhjo work,(hall be imported or brought mto Irelandfrom any other Place lreknd than America, at any, time after the Expiration of One Calendar Mo^htrtltafter the Commencement of this Aft, nor from any Port penaity. or PJace in Ame^i^a at any tiipe.after the Expiration qf Three Calen-dirlAontlis next after the Commencement Of this Act, in any Ship,

VeM dr Boat whatever, cm Pam of .forfeiting ail fuch Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour find Snuff-work refpeftiyely, with the Caiks, Chefts, Qafes and Oilier Packages refpedively con-'tasTflg^he fame; and alfo the Ship, Veffel or Boat, iu or on board vkitb the feme (hall‘be fo imported or brought, with her 'G-uns, fwaturc, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel; and fuch Tobacco &&t,Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff-work, Hogfheads, Calks, Chefts,

Cafaad other Packages refpeftively, and alfo fuch Ship, Veffel or Bolt, Goat, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, (hall and JiGto. III.	Y	may



Proviso.

Duties, &c. and Penalties bow levied agd paid.

14 ft 15 Car. a. (I.) SeflT. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c.xoL

Appeal.

A£t altered, ftc.

Commencement of Ad.

may be fefeed by any Offieer or Officers of the Cufloms or Excife: Provided always, that in cafe any Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Sulk Flour or Snuff-work, (hall at any time after the Expiration of tbe faid One Calendar Month or Three Calendar Months refpeftively, and before the Fifth Day of OBobcr One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, be imported into Ireland, it (hall and may be lawful far the Importer thereof to land and warehoufe the fame for Exportation only, fubjeft to fuch Rules and Regulations as the faid Commiffioom of Cufloms and Port Duties in Ireland may think fit to make, order and dircft in that Behalf.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Rates and Duties, and Drawbacks, by this Aft granted and allowed, and made payable, and all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures under this Aft, (hall be raifed, levied, collided, paid, fued for, recovered, and applied and allowed, in the fame manner, and under fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch Ways and Methods, and under fuch Rul<s and Direftions, and fubjeft to fuch Regulations and Provifions, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, direfted and exp re fled for the railing, collefting, levying and paying and managing of Duties and Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Aft of Parliament made in Ireland ia the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Cbarlu the Second, intituled An A3 for fettling the Excife or netv Impojl tp$a His Mqjejly, bis Heirs and Succeffors, according to the Book of Rates therein inferted 5 or in and by an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty feventh Year of His prefent Majesty's Reign, intituled An AQ for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for featri** the Duties payable upon the Import and ManufaSure of Tobacco, fare and except fo far as the fame are inconfiftent with the Regulations and Provifions in this Aft contained ; or in and by an Aft mack in tbe Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the feveral A3s relating to the Re* j venues, Matters and Things under the management of the Commifionen of Cufloms and Port Duties, and of the Commifftoners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effeftually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid Powers and Authorities, Rules and Direftions, Regulations and Provifio&s, Penalties and Forfeitures, fave as aforefaid, were herein expreffed ami enafted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the faid Aft paffed in tbe Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Aft or Afts as aforelaid, is provided.

XXL And be it further enafted. That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.	-

XXII. And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall commence and take Effeft immediately from and after the Expiration o^Twentj Days next after the paffing thereof, and nqt fooner.



CAS

A.D. 18i 2*	520	GEO.	III.



CAR LIX.

An Aft for allowing on the Exportation of manufa&ured Plate for the private Ufe of Perfons refiding or going to refide abroad, the fame Drawback as is now allowed on the Exportation of fach Plate by way of Merchandize.

[2Qth May 1812.]

*	TT/'HEREAS by an Ad pafled in the Forty fourth Year of 440,3.0.98,

*	W the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 to repeal

*	the feveral Duties under the CommiJJtoners for managing the. Duties

*	upon. Jumped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Great Britain, and

*	Jo grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof certain Duties ar« Sch, C. im poled on Plate of Gold or Silver which (hall be made or wrought

*	in Great Britain, and upon the Exportation thereof by way of Mer-

*	chaodize to Ireland or ai;y Foreign Parts, a Drawback is allowed

*	of the whole Duties which (ball have been paid for the fame • And

*	whereas the greater Part of Britifh manufactured Plate exported is	.	.

*	intended for the private Ufe of Perfons refiding Qr going to refide

*	abroad ; and it may have a very injurious EfFea in regard to the

*	Export Trade of Hritijh-manufactured Plate if a Drawback is not

*	allowed thereon in the fame manner as for Plate exported by way

*	of Merchandize ;* Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moll

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coufent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affemblrd, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Drawback granted by the faid recited Aft upon Plate exported by way of Mer- Drawback chaodize lhall be paid and allowed to the Manufacturer or Exporter granted by re- * of ali manufa&ured Piste, whether intended as Merchandize or not, *nt^**J*~ provided Proof be adduced to the Satisfa&ion of the Comnuflioners of n	*

Cuftomc that fuch Plate is neW Plate, and has never been ufed ; and intended asMcr« fuch Drawback (hall be allowed under the fame Rules, Regulations, chaodize er oat, Reftriftioos, Penalties and Forfeitures as are now by Law provided

aad eoafted with rjefped to Plate made or wrought n Great Britain,

Bad exported by way of Merchandize.

CAP. LX,

An Aft for altering the Mode of Payment of the Superannuation Allowances in the Department of the Cuftoms in Scotland*	£20th	May	1&12.]

*	TTTHEREAS Two Funds have long been eftablifhed under c YV the Management of the Commimoners of His'Majefty’s 4 Cuftoms in Scotland, for the Benefit of aged aifd infirm or difabled ‘ Officers of that Department, the one called The"efallijhed Super-€ animation Fund,*9 and the other called “ The incidental Superan•

*	nuatiou Fund;” which Funds have been fupported by the Contri*

*	butiona of the Officers of the faid Revenue: And whereas the

*	granting and paying Allowances or Compenfations in the Nature

*	of “Superannuation or retired Allowance or Reward to Perfons in

*	refpea to their having held any public Office or Employment oV

*	been engaged in any public Service, is regulated and controuled by ‘ to Ad of the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled, An A a h‘ direh 1 ffctf Accounts of Increafe and Diminution of Public Salaries, Pen fobs

Y 1	‘and



A.D.iflti.

3*6	C.tSo#

J^G EO.m

4 4»</ Allowances Jball be annually laid before Parliament, and to regu* 4 late and eontroid the granting and paying of fucb Salaries, Penfant 4 <W Allowances (a); and it being expedient that the fmid Two 4 Funds fbould be abolifhed, and that the Monies couftituting the * fame, whether in veiled in the Public Funds or remaining in tbe 4 Hands of any Perfon whomfoever, as Monies received from Coo-4 tributions to the faid Funds or otherwife on account thereof. 4 (houkl be carried to the Account of Confolidated Cuftoms, and 4: be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under that Head ; and 41 that all Payments, Pensions and Superannuation or retired Afiaw-4 incfes to Perfons in refped of their naving held any Office or £m-4 ployment in the Cuftoms in Scotland(hould in future be paid odtof 4 Confolidated Cuftoms, and be charged to the Account of IncidaOs 4 of that Department Be it therefore enaded by the King's Mol Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Fir* Superannuation foment aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, frsoi tomfin Scotland tfK* a^er the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and ■bolifoeH and* twelve, no Contribution or Subscription (hall be taken or received Monies (hereof from- any Officer or Perfon in the Service of His Majesty* s Cuftoms and future Con- in Scotland, on account or towards the Support of the faid Funds; tribot ous paid to md that, from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufad hundred and twelve, the faid Funds (hall be abolifhed ; andth* pay fame into	Monies	that	have	been	received	as	Contributions to the bid

Exchequer u» der Funds or otherwife on account thereof, and which Montes have hen Head of Confo- either vefted in the Purchafe of Stock Handing* in the Books of the

1 >dAfed Cutiorot. Bank of England in the Names of Edward Earl, Richard ElfyIm

Philips and Rtnry Vntch, Efquires, Traders of the Superannuated Officers of the uuftoms in Scotland, or remain in the Hand* of aay Perfons or'Perfon whatever, (hall be paid over to the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Cuftoms in Scotland, or to his Order, and hy him, or fuch Perfons as he fhall appoint, paid into the Receipt of 4 he Exchequer under the Head of Confolidated Cuftoms, for whid Purpofe the faid Truftees are hereby authorized and required to-fcl the faid Stock; and that all Monies that (hall or may have bees received or may hereafter be received by any Perfon or Perfbm whatever as fuch Contributions or otherwife on account of the fisd Funds, and which (hall remain in the Hands or may come into Ike Hands of any fuch Perfon or Perfons -(hall be paid to the'Receiver General^of His Majesty’s Cuftoms in Scotland, and by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under the Head of Confolidated Cuftoms; and that all Payments, Penfions and Superannuations or retired Allowances to Perfons in refped to their having held soy Office or Offices or‘Employment or Employments in the Cuftoms ip Scotland, heretofore paid out of the faid Funds or charged on th? King’s Share of Seizures, (hall be paid out of Confolidated Cuftom^ and be charged to the Account of the Incidents of the'Cuftoms; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage, to the contrary notwith(landing.

(a) [ This is not an A3 of the la/l Se/fion, hut appears to be JO G. $• c* 1,17* which is explained and amended in a particular to which the Prefent A3 does not relate by an Ad^jl G. 3. r. 6o.]

AA shared,Sec* * ii. And be it farther ena&cd, Th.t this Ad may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Ad or, Ada io be made in this prefer Seffioa of Parliament

CAR



Google

AIK Ifti*.

JiP GEO. HI.

Cdi.

3*7

CAP. LXL

An AS to grant an Exrife Duty on Spirits made or diftiiled from Sugar in Inlandduring the Prohibition of Diftilla-Am from Com or Grain there, in lieu of the Excife Duty nour chargeable thereon, and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof.	[9th	June	181a.]

* TXT HE RE AS the Diftillation of Spirits fhom Corn or Grain 1 W in Ireland is prohibited by Law for a limited time:’ Be it therefore eroded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and wiUi the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and, Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That during the time in which the DdUIatioa from Corn or Grain in Ireland (hall be b prohibited* there (hall be railed, levied, collided, paid and fatis&od unto and for the Ufe of Hie Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita* Strong Waters or Spirits, which at any tine or timet during fuch Prohibition (hall be made or diftiiled in Maud from Sugar, by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, or for •which any Diftiller in Ireland (hall be chargeable by Law, the Sum Three Shillings and Eight pence Brit Jo Currency, and no more, is lieu as weU of the Excife Duty ok Five Shillings and Eleven pence Halfpenny Britijb Currency granted on (neb Spirits by an Aft rode in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, iatwnkd Am A3 to- grant to Hit Majt/ly Duties upon Malt made in lidasd, and upon Spirits made or dijltlled in Ireland, and to allow ctrtmu Drawbacks upon the Exportation thereof $ as alio of the Duty 6tt inch Spirits m Proportion to their Strength, granted by an Act Wade in the Forty ninth Year of His pivfent Majesty’t Reign, in-tkalfld An A3 to grant to His Majejly Duties upon Spirits made or IfBkd in Ireland, and upon Brittih Spirits imported into Ireland, end upon Licences to fell Spirituous Liquors in Ireland in Quantities tut left than Two Gallons ; and that for every Gallon of fucb Spirits Wham (hall have been or (hall be diftiiled during fuch Prohibition as ifcreiaxl, and which (hall at any time hereafter be exported from Mood to any Place except to Great Britain, and which (hall not he exported from Wareboufe in Ireland, there (hall be allowed and paid I Drawback of Five Shillings and Ten pence Britijb Currency and as sore.

IL And be it further eroded, That the Duty and Drawback by. this A St made payable and allowable (hall be raifed, levied, col-kftcd, paid and allowed in like manner, and under all fuch Powers, Aathontiet and Proviftons, Rules and Regulations, as are contained k the kid recited Aft: of the Forty eighth Year, with refpeft to the Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits diftuled from Sugar, granted, allowed and made payable under and by virtue of the faid recited Ad, or in an Aft made in the faid Forty eighth Year, intituled An AS to amend the fnxral A3s for the regulating and feeuring the CASion of the Duty on Spirits dijlilled in Ireland, or in any other Mkforce tor the granting, feeuring or regulating of Duties on Ireland, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes •s if the feveral Powers, Authorities and Proviftons, Rules and Re-gahhaMof the (hid Afts had been and were repeated aad r&caafted

^  w

A Duty of

3*. 8d. per Gallon paid for Spirits diftiiled from Sugar, inftead of Dilty granted by

48 O. 3. c. 7*. aud

49 0.3 c.73.

Drawback.

How Duty and Drawback levied aud paid.

48 G. 3. c. 78. 48 G. 3. c. 81.

After whit Rate Officer to charge Diftiller for Decrease of Wafh.

Spirits not exported uidels previoufly ftcu-ied in Ware-koufe, & e.

Peftahy.

Drawback allowed on Export* avion.

A€t altered,&C|

C.6t,6l.	$2°GEO.	III.	A.D.181*.

in this prefent Aft, fave only To far as the fame are altered by this prefent Aft.

III.	And be it further eoafted and declared, That the Officer of Excife keeping an Account of Wafli in the Diftillery of any Diftiller in Ireland (nail, on any Decreafe of Wa(h produced from Sugar, charge the Diftiller for a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wafh fo decreaied, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity of Wafh ; any thing in any Aft or Afts at any time ia force in Ireland to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, and during the Continuance of the Prohibition of Dwik lation from Corn or Grain in Ireland, it (hall not be lawful for any Pcrfon to export or to enter or (hip for Exportation from any Port or Place in Ireland to any Parts beyond the Seas any Spirits made or diddled in Ireland from Sugar, except fuch Spirits as (hall hm been or (hall be fecured in Warehoufes in Ireland, without Pay meet of the Duty of Excife payable in Ireland thereon, according to the Regulation of the feveral Afts in force in Ireland at the time of the palling of this Aft, for regulating the making, diftilling and warehoufmg of fuch Spirits in Ireland, and that all fuch Spirits (hall be entered and (hipped for Exportation from Ireland diretlly from and out of fuch Warehoufes only; and in cafe any fuch Spirits fhall during the Continuance of fuch Prohibition be exported, orfhaD be entered or (hipped for Exportation from any Port or Place in Ireland, other than fuch Spirits as are hereby permitted to be fo exported, or in any other manner than is hereby direfted, fuch Spirit* fo unlawfully exported, or entered or (hipped for Exportation, together with the Cades and Packages containing the fame, and alfo the Ships, Boats or VefTels on board of which the fame (hall be laden or exported, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife ; any Aft or Afts, Ufagt or Cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

V. And be it further enafted. That for and upon fifty Gallon • of fuch Spirits diftilled in Ireland from Sugar, and which (hall be warehoufed in Ireland and exported from thence, there (hall be allowed and given a Drawback of Two Shillings and Two pence Britijb Currency and no more$ which faid Drawback (hall be ib lieu and inftead of all former Drawbacks on fuch Spirits fo warehoufed and exported, and (hall be paid in like manner and under the like Reftri&ions w are direfted *ith refpeft to other Drawbacks on Spirits exported from Ireland, under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland.

, VI. And be it further enafted. That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Adts to be made in this prefect Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LXIL An Aft to enable Coadjutors to ArchbHbops and Biihops in Ireland to execute the Powers of Archbifhops and Biihops refpeftively.	[9th	June	1812.J

*	TT/'HEREAS in cafes of the Illnefs or other Difabflity ef

*	VV Archbiftiops and Bifhopa in Ireland, if has been and »ty

:	.	Digitized	by	Google	‘	*

AJ>.i8ix

C. 62.

329

52° GEO. m.

9 be neceflary that Coadjiitorg to fuch Archbifhops or Bjfhops re-

*	fpefttvel y would be sppginted: And whereas feveral Authorities, j Jurisdictions and Powers, are by feveral Afts of Parliament in force

*	» Ireland, and otherwife veiled, fettled and placed in the feveral

*	Archbifhops and Bifhops of Ireland refpeftively for the time being,

*	and by the Charter of the College of the Holy and Undivided € Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin% the Archbifhop of Dublin € for the time being is (appointed One of the ViGtors of the faid

*	College :* Now, for the preventing of all Doubts and Queflions that may arife whether all or any of tnofe Authorities, Jwifdittions aod Powers may be execated by fuch Coadjutors, be it enafted and declared, and it is hereby enafted and declared by the King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament embled, and by the Authority of the fame. That every Perfon appointed or who (hall or may be appointed Coadjutor for the time being, to any Archbifhop or Bifhop in Ireland, may nfe and exercife at all times according to the Commiffion of fuch Coadjutor as of right belonging to the Bifhop or Archbifhop for the time being to whom he tnalT be Coadjutor, all and every the fame and like Office, Authority, Jurifdiftion and Execution of Laws and Statutes, and afi other Cufloms and Privileges, and (hall and may do and perform aB fuch Matters and Things whatfoever, which the Archbifhop or Bifhop for the time being to whom he ihall be Coadjutor of right might have, ufe or execute, do or perform as belonging to his Office or Dignity, or is empowered or required to do or perform by virtue of any Aft or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland, or by the faid Charter and the Statutes of the faid College or otherwife howfoever, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch Coadjutor for the time being were Archbifhop or Bifhop; and all Office, Authority and JurH-iBaon erercifed by fnch Coadjutor, and all Matters and Things doae and performed by fuch Coadjutor in the Exercife thereof, fhali be as good, valid and effednal, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame had been erercifed, done or performed by the AribbHbop or Bifhop for the time being to whom he fhali fo be Coadjutor as afore fa id.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhali extend or be con ft rued to extend to entitle, authorize or empower any fuch Coadjntor to collate or prefent to aqy Benefice or Ecdefiaftical Preferment or Promotion, in Right of the Archbifhop or Bifhop to whom he (hall be fuch Coadjntor; and that nothing ia this Aft contained (hall extend nor be conftrued to extend to affeft any Rights, Authorities, Privileges or Powers, which by Law de-vobetoor become veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, or in any other Perfon or Perfon* in cafe of the I Anris or other Dif-abflity of any Archbifhop or Bifhop refpeftively ; any thing herefo attained to the contrary notwithftanding.



>



Google

CAP.

Coadjutors may execute Powers of Archbiftiop* and Bilhops for whom they art appointed.

But not to pre-feot to Benefices*

S2° GEO. III.

330	C.	63.

A.D.1812*

CAP. LXIII.

An Aft for more effectually preventing the Embezzlement of Securities for Money and other Effects, lfeft or depofited for fafe Cuftody, or other fpecial Purpofe, in the Hands of Bankers, Merchants, Brokers, Attornies or other Agents.

[9th June 1812.]

4 'TTTHEREAS it is expedient that due Provifion fhould be

•	VV made to prevent the Embezzlement of Government and 4 other Securities for Money, Plate, Jewels and other Pedowl

*	Effedts, depofited for fafe Cuftody, or for any fpecial Puifofe, 4 with Bankers, Merchants, Brokers, Attornies and other AgeoU, 4 entrufted by their Cuftomers and Employers Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-▼ice and Confent of the .Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of

Perfons fubjeft the fame, That if any Perfon or Perfons with whom (as Banker or to Punifliment, Bankers, Merchant or Merchants, Broker or Brokers, Attorney or for Embezzle- Attornies, or Agent or Agents of any Del'cription whatfoever) asy ment of any	Ordnance Debenture, Exchequer Bill, Navy, Victualling or T rajuport

Security forCF Bill, or other Bill, Warrantor Order for the Payment of Money, .Moneyentrufted State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Seaman’s Ticket, Bank Re-totheir Care. ccipt for Payment of any Loan, India Bond or other Bond, or any Deed, Note or other Security for Money* or for any Share or In-tereft in any National Stock or Fund of this or any other Country, or in the Stock or Fund of any Corporation, Company or Society eftablifhed by Adi of Parliament or Royal Charter, or any Power of Attorney for the Sale or Transfer of any fuch Stock or Fund, or any Share or Intereft therein, or any Plate, Jewels or other Peifobd Effects, fhall have been depofited, or (ball be or remain for bfe Cuftody, or upon or for any fpecial Purpofe, without any Authority, either general, fpecial, conditional or diferetionary, to fell or pkdgf fqch Debenture, Bill, Warrant, Order, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Seaman's Ticket, Bank Receipt, Bond, Deed, Note cr other Security, Plate, Jewels or other Perfonal Effects, or to Wl, transfer or pledge the Stock or Fund, or Share or Intereft in the »	Stock	or	Fund to which fuch Security or Power of Attorney (ball

relate, fhall fell, negociate, transfer, affign, pledge, embezzle, feciete or in any manner apply to his or their own Ufe or Benefit, any fuch Debenture, Bill, Warrant, Order, State Lottery Ticket or Certifi-cate, Seaman's Ticket,, Bank Receipt, Bond, Deed, Note or other Security, as hereinbefore mentioned, Plate, Jewels or other Perfonal Effe&s, or the Stock or Fund, or Share or Intereft in the Stock or Fund to which fuch Security or Power of Attorney fhall relate, in violation of good Faith, and contrary to the fpecial Purpofe, for. which the Things hereinbefore mentioned, or any or either of them, fhall have been depofited, or (ball have been or remained with or in the Hands of fuch Perfon or Perfons, with Intent to defraud the Owner or Owners of any fuch Inftrument or Security, or the Perfon or Perfons depofiting the fame, or the Owner or Owners of the Stock or Fund, Share or Intereft, to which fuch Security or Power of Attorney fhall relate, every Perfon fo offending in any Part of the J3	United



AJXiSia-	5**	GEO.	IIL

United- Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, (hall be deemed a?d taken to be guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and, being thereof con-wfted according to Law, (hall be fentenccd to Tranfportation for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, or to receive fuch other Pumfhment as may by Law be inflided on a Perfon or Perfons guilty of a Mlmemeanor, and as the Court before which fuch Offender or Offenders may be tried and convided (hall adjudge.

4 II, And whereas it is ufual for Perfons having Dealings with 4 Bankers, Merchants, Brokers, Attornies and other Agents, to de-4 pofitor place in the Hands of fuch Bankers, Merchants, Brokers,

1 Attornies and other Agents, Sums of Money, Bills, Notes,

1 Diafti, Cheques or Orders for the Payment of Money, with 1 Dtte&ons or Orders to inveft the Monies fo paid, or to which fuch

*	Bilk, Notes, Drafts, Cheques or Orders relate, or Part thereof,

*	in the Purchafe of Stocks or Funds, or in or upon Government or

*	other Securities for Money, or to apply and difpofe thereof in other

*	ways or for other Purpofe9 ; and it is expedient to prevent Em-

*	bezzlemeiit and Malverfation in fuch Cafes alfo Be it therefore

enafied by the Authority aforefaid. That if any fuch Banker, Mer- For preventing

chant, Broker, Attorney or other Agent, in tobofe Hands any Banker* and

Sum or Sums of Money, Bill, Note, Draft, Cheque or Order for ^her*, from dif-

tBe Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be placed, with

any Order or Orders in Writing, and figned by the Party or Parties pr0peny d«i**

who (hall fo depofit or place the fame, to in veil fuch Sum or Sum* fixedwith then*

of Money or the Money to which fuch Bill, Note, Draft, Cheque

or Order as aforefaid (hall relate, in the Purchafe of any Stock or

Fund, or in or upon Government or other Securities, or in any other

way or for any other Purpofe fpecified in fuch Order or Orders,.

(hallmany manner apply to his or their own Ufe and Benefit, any

fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any fuch Bill, Note, Draft, Cheque

or Order for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money as herein-

before mentioned, i n Violation of good Faith and contrary to thd

facial Purpofe fpecified in the Diredion or Order in Writing here- •	•	*

iabefbre mentioned, with Intent to defraud the Owner or Owners

of any fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or Order for the Payment of

any Sum or Sums of Money ; every Perfon (o offending in any Part

of the United Kingdom, (hal. in like manner be deemed and taken

to be guilty of a Mifdemeanor, a*d being convidtd thereof according	f	,

to	1	incur	and	fuffer	uch	runifhment	as	is hereinbefore '

mentioned.

UL Provided always, and be it further enaded by the Authority AA not to pr*. aforefaid. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued vejSt: Perfons re-to extend, to prevent any of the Perfons hereinbefore mentioned from <-«,v,ng Monty- * recetring any Money which (hall be or become adualty due and pay- ueon ur,t,e<* ' able upon or by virtue of any of the Inftruments or Securities hereinbefore mentioned, according to the Tender and EfFed thereof, in (och manner as he or they might have done, if this Ad had not been made.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded by the Authority Uot to extend t# aforefaid, That the Penalty by this Ad annexed to the Commiffion Partner! not of any Offence intended to be guarded againft by this Ad, (hall not P™7 extnior be conftrued to extend to any Partner or Partners, or other enc#*

Pwfci or Perfons of or belonging to any Partnerfbip, Society or Firm, except only fuch Partner or Partners, Perfon or Perfons, as j	(hall



C.<S3<

33*

33*

C.6j.

5 2‘geo. in;

i S11.

Kot to lefTen ary Remedy at Law or Equity regarding Party aggrieved.

(hall actually Commit or be acceffary or privy to the CommHfion of fuch Offence; any thing herein contained to the contrary in airy wife notwithftanding.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That nothing irt this Aft contained, nor any Proceeding, Conviction or Judgment to be had or taken thereupon, (hall hinder, prevent, leffen or impeach any Remedy at Law or in Equity, which any Party or Parties aggrieved by any Offence againil this Aft might or would have had, or have been entitled to if this Aft had not been made, nor any Proceeding, Conviftion or Judgment had beei had or taken thereupon ; but neverthelefs the Conviftion of any Offender againft this Aft (hall not be received in Evidence in any Aftkra at Law, or Suit in Equity, againil fuch Offender; and further, that no Perfon (hall be liable to be cohvifted by any Evidence whatever, as an Offender againft this Aft, in refpeft of any Aft, Matter or Thing done by him, if he (hall at any time previoufly to his being indicted for fuch Offence, have difclofed fuch Aft, Matter or Thing on Oath, under or in confequence of any compulfory Procefs of any Court of Law or Equity, in any Aftion, Suit or Proceeding, in or to which he (hall have been a Party, and which (hall have been bona Jide inftituted by the Party aggrieved by the Aft, Matter or Thing, which (hall have been committed by fuch Offender aforefaid.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby exprefsly enafted and de-clared, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend to or affeft any Perfon or Perfons being a Truftee or Truftees in or aoder any Marriage Settlement, Will or other Deed or Inftrument, or being a Mortgagee or Mortgagees of any Property whatfoever, whether Real or Perfonal, in reipeft of any Aft or Afts done by any fnch Perfon or Perfons in relation to the Property comprized in or affe&ed by any fuch Truft or Mortgage as aforefaid.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That every Perfon who (hall commit in Scotland any Offence againft this Aft, which by the Provifions thereof is conftitnted a Mifdemeanor, (hall be liable to be punifhed by Fine and Imprisonment, or by either of them, or by Tranfportation for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the Judge or Judges before whom fuch Offender (hall be tried and coo-▼idled may direft.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That nothmg herein contained (hall extend to retrain any Banker, Merchant,

from difpofing of Broker, Attorney or other Agent, from felling, negotiating, trans* Securities on ferring or otherwife difpofing of any Securities, Property or other m jQ t y ave £ffe£g a8 aforefaid, in their Cuftody or Poffeffion, upon which they (hall have any Lien, Claim or Demand, which by Law entitles them to fell or difpofe thereof, nnlefs fuch Sale, Transfer or other Dif-pofal (hall extend to a greater Number or to a greater Part of focb Securities, Property or other Effects as aforefaid than fhall be re* auifite or neceflary for the Purpofe of paying or fatisfying fiich Lien, Claim or Demand ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Not to ■ffcA

Truftee* or Mortgagee*.

Punilhment of Perfon* offending in Scotland.

AQ not to ref-train Bankers



Google

CAP.

52° GEO. m.

333

C.64.

CAP. LXIV.

An Aft for extending the Provifions of an Aft of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, againft Perfons obtaining Money by falfe Pretences, to Perfons fo obtaining Bonds and other Securities.	[9th	June	1812.]

« YTTHEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Thirtieth Year of Hi* joG-s-ca*

•	W late Majesty, intituled An AQ fir the more eJfeQual Punijb-

•	went of Perfons no bo (ball attain or attempt to attain PoJfeJJton of

•	Goods or Money by falfe or untrue Pretences, fir preventing tbe un* r lawful pawning of Goods, fir the eafy Redemption of Goods pawned^

4 and fir preventing of Gaming in Public Houfes by Journeymen J*a-

x bosrers, Servants and Apprentices, it was enafted, That all Perfons § l*

4 who knowingly and designedly, by falfe Pretence of Pretences,

4 ihoold obtain from any Perfon or Perfons, Money, Goods, Wares

•	or Merchandizes, with Intent to cheat or defraud any Perfon or 4 Perfons of the fame, or fhould knowingly fend or deliver any Letter 4 or Writing with or without a Name or Names fubferibed thereto,

•	or figned with a fiftitious Name or Names, Letter or Letters 4 threatening to acciife any Perfon of any Crime punifhable by Law 4 with Death, Tranfportation, Pdlory, or any other infamous Puoifh*

4 merit, with a Vrew or Intent to extort or gain Money, Goods,	•

4 Wares or Merchandizes, from the Perfon or Perfons fo threatened 4 to be accufcd ; fhould be deemed Offenders againft Law and the 4 public Peace; and the Court before whom fuch Offender or Of-4 fenders fhould be tried, fhould, in cafe he, fhe or they fhould be 4 convifted of any of the fa id Offences, order fuch Offender or 4 Offenders to be fined and imprifoned, or to be put in the Pillory,

4 or publicly whipped, or to be tranfported as foon as conveniently f might be accoiding to the Laws made for Tranfportation of Feloii9,

•	to fome of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, for

•	the Term of Seven Years, as the Court in which any fuch Offender 4 or Offenders fhould be convifted fhould think fit and order: And 4 whereas it is expedient that the Provifions of the laid Aft fhould

4 be further extended in the manner hereinafter mentioned;* Be it x

therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Mnjefty, by and with

the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That, from and after the paffing of this A6t, all Perfons Obtainiiw' hf

who knowingly and defignedly, by falfe Pretence dr Pretences, fhall

obtain from any Perfon or Perfons, or from any Body Politic or securities.

Corporate, any Money, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or any

Bowl, Bill of Exchangty Bank Note, Promiffory Note or other

Security for tbe Payment of Money, or any Warrant or Order for

the Payment of Money or Delivery or Transfer of Goods or other

valuable Thing, with Intent to cheat or defraud any Perfon or Per-

ioai, or any Body Politic or Corporate of the fame 5 or fhall know- Sending threat*

ttgly fend or deliver any Letter or Writing with or without a Nanie enm<; 15t,e.r% t#

or Names fublcribed • thereto, or figned with a fiftitious Name or in “com*

fcmes. Letter or Letters threatening to accufe any Perfon of any ciimea

Crine jmmfhable by Law with Death, Tranfportation, Pillory or any with an Intent

other infamous Punifhment, with a View or Intent to extort or gain c° extott or gais

Mjf Bond, BjjjjH of Exchange, Bank-Note, Pmnifipry Note or other 01

Security

	.	>■*



Sugar ufed in brewing of Beer or Ale till Nov. i, i8n, on certain Cob,* 4itions.

Notice given to JExcife Officer.

His Majesty, by Jhodarnetibn, may permit Brown or Muf-' eovado Sugar to be ufed till 40 Days after next Meeting of Parliament.

C 63, <54.

fr*GEO. HI.

Security for the Payment of Money, or any Warrant or Order \ the Payment of Money,' dr Delivery 6r Transfer of Goods or < * valuable Thing, (hall be deemed Offendersagainft Law andtbeP Peace, and (hall be liable to be profecuted and puni(hed in like! tier ad if they had knowingly and defignedly, by falfe Preteade I Pretences, obtained Money, Goods, Warts or Merchandise^ fin Uhy Perfon or Perfons, with Intent to cheat Or defraudwuy* PwftaI Perlotrs of the fame, or had lent or delivered fuch Letter or Wij“’ with a View or Intent to extort Money, Goods, Wares <St chandizedi from the Perfon or Perfons fin threatened.

C A P. LXV.

An ASt to allow the Ufe of Sugar in Brewing Beer in

Britain.	[9th June 1 Si 2

1 \\J	by	feveral	A&*	now in force Common

*	VV or Retailers of Beer or Ale are prohibited from ufin# Sod

*	in the brewing or making of Beer or Ale, and it is expedient!

*	allow the UCe of Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer or

*	for a limited time ;* Be it therefore ena&ed by the King** ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent ofJ Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeat liament afleinbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, I and after the paffiug of this Ail, it (hall and may be lawful to nodi any fuch Common Brewer or Retailer of Beer or Ale in Oteat Brk until the Firft Day of November One thoufand eight hundred twelve, to make ufe of Sugar in the brewing or miking of any G or Brewing of Beer, Ale or Worts ; any thing in any AGt or Ad of Parliament Contained to tiie contrary in any Wife notwhhftandP Provided always neverthelefs, that nothing in this A& contained ( extend or be deemed or conilrued to extend to sHlow any Corns Brewer or Retailer of Bper or Ale to make ufe of any Mobiles in 1 brewing or making of Beer or Ale, or any Sugar, except in the St in which the fame (hall have been imported im6 tWs Kingdom, 1 without the fame having been previoufly diluted with Water or < Liquor, or undergone any PrcScefs or Manufa&urc to alter the £i Provided alfo, that no filch Brewer or Retailer, or Brewers or tailers, (hall be at Liberty or be allowed or permitted to make 1 of any Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer, Ale or Worn, 1 he, (he or they (hall have given to the Officer of Excifr, voder 1 Survey he, (he or they (hall be then, Twenty four Honrs [

Notice of his Or their Intention fo to make ufe of focb Sugar, fpecifying in fuch Notice the e*a& Hout and TirfcC of his, her or t beginning to brew or make fuch Guile or Brtwirig of Beer, Ale ( Worts, and the Weight of the Sugat to be made ufe of in the f ing or making of fuch Guile.

II. Provided alfo# and be it further enafted* That ia cab His Majesty, at any time after the Firft Day of Gftober in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve* (hall in His Royal DiTotthm judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of His Kingdom to permit Common Brewers or Retailers of Beer or Ale to make oit of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar in the* brewing or making of Bear, Ale or Worts, then and in fuch cafe it (hail and may be bwfol to aodfor His Majesty, by Hit Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, tv he

v	^	,	iflued

yC.oogle

'

AJXtli?.

GEO. HI.	C .65,66.	3m

f*d by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to be publifhed am time to time in the London Gaxettef to permit and fuflfer all Summon Brewers and Retailers of Beer, Ale or Worts in Great hitmn (bat not any particular Common Brewers or Retailers of leer, Ale or Worts), at any time or times, not lefs than Thirty )sy» from the Date of fuch Proclamation or Order in Council, to rake afc of Brown or. Mufcovado Sugar in the brewing or making >f Beer, Air or Worts, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of ftriuoieut, under, fubjeft and according to the Rules, Reguta-tiou^'&rftndions. and Provifions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures couftdard and provided in and by this Aft.

III. And be it further enafted, That if any Common Brewer or Reftri&ienin Render df Beer or Ale (hall, during the time that this Aft (hall to Ufa of Sugar, xouia or continue in force, make ufe of any Mobiles, Sugar, Honey,

Syvap, Competition or Extraft of Sugar, except Brown or Mufco-rado Sogar, made ufe of in the manner hereinbefore allowed 5 or if wy Common Brewer fhall receive or take into his, her or their Ddbdy or Pofleffion, any Quantity of Mobiles, Honey, Syrup,

Compaction or Extract of Sugar, exceeding Ten Pounds Weight,

every Inch Brewer and Retailer (hall forfeit and lofe for every iuch Penalty.

Office refpeftively the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

iV. And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penaltios Jxm* . Forfeitures by this Aft impofed, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied levied, or mitigated bv fuch Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine,

Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be fued for, recovered, levied or isityited by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt,

Ml, Plant or Information in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wdmnier, or in the Court or Exchequer in Scotland refpeftively; tod that One Moiety pf every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, (hall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succefiors, and the other Moiety tofcim or them who /hall inform, difeover or fue for the fame.

C A P. LXVI.

ftn Aft to explain and amend an Aft of the Fiftieth Tear of His prefent BJajefty, to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices in relpeft of which Security ought to be given, anj for avoiding the Grant of all fuch Offices in the Event of inch Security not being given within a time to be limited dfer the Grant of fuch Offices.	[9th	June 1812.]

‘IT7HEREAS an Aft was parted in the Fiftieth Year of His jog. 3.0.35. 1 tV Majcfty's Reign, intituled An AS to regulate the taking of ' Senates in all QJJicts in reffeS of which Security ought to he given t 1 and for. 0voiding the Grant of all fuch Offices in the Event of fuch

*	Sawrity not being given within a Time to be limited after the Grant

*	free Offices: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Provi-1 ions of the Lid recited Aft to Scotland; and fome of the Enaft.

*	wits of the (aid Aft require to be amended : Aad whereas con-’ttttshle Expence and Inconvenience has been found to attend .the 1 W&enog Memorials of Securities in the Regifter Office of Middle* rjWi>od loch Expence and Inconvenience will be avoided, and .the 1 nyifcs of the laid Aft move ^ffeftually >carried into Execution,

*	jfwftsgifter and Account df the Securities given ip the ieversd

< publv



Google

C.66.

.52* GEO. III.

A.D.i8u

Provifions of recited Act and this Ad extended to Scotland;

But not to extend to Ireland.

Perfons already appointed to give Security.

50 G.3.C.85. §1. as to regiftering Memorials repealed.

An Officer in every Department tD keep Securities.

‘ public Offices of Departments of Government are kept by Perfoa

•	employed for that Purpofe in eacty refpedive Office or Depart*

•	ment, and the State thereof from time to time reported to the ‘ refpedive Heads of Departments* and to the. Lords Commiffioaen 1 of His Majesty’s Treafury Be it therefore enaded by the Kh(’k Mod Excellent Majestyrby and with the Advice and Confent of ik Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this prefent Pallia-ment afTembled, and by the Authority of the fune, That all tbe Pnv vifione contained in the faid recited Ad relative to regiftering Seco-rities, except fo far as tbe fame are repealed or altered by this Ad, and alfo the Provifions of this Ad, fhall extend and be condrued la extend to Scotland', and to all Offices* Departments and Perfons of the like Nature and Defcription belonging to the Government of Scotland, as are fubjed thereto in England•

II.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in the bid recited A d or this A cl (hall extend or be condrued to extend to ar.j Offices or Departments belonging to the Government of Ireland^ nor to any Perfons holding or employed in fuch Offices or Depart* ments, for or in refped of fuch Offices or Departments; any thing in the {aid recited Act or this Ad to the contrary notwithdanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon who before the palling of this Ad (hall have been appointed to* and (ball hold any Office or Employment, or Commiffion Civil or Military* in any Public Department belonging to that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, or any fuch Office or Employment of Pub. lie Trud under the Crown, or wherein he fhall be concerned in the Colledion, Receipt, Difburfement or Expenditure of Public Monies, and who by reafon thereof (hall have been, or (hall be required to give Security with Surety or Sureties or otherwife, and who (hall not before have given fuch Security, (hall, within One Mouth after tbe palling of this Ad, if fuch Perfon fhall then be in Scotland^ within Two Months if he fhall then be in England or Wales, or within Three Months if he (hall then be iu Ireland, or within Six Months if he (hall then be in any other Part of Europe, or in the Wcji Indies or America, or within Nine Months if he fhall then be in Africa, or within Eighteen Months if he fhall then be in the Ed Indies, or in any other Part of Afia% or within Ten Months if be fhall then be on the High Seas (unlefs he fhall fooner arrive in England, Wales, or Scotland or Ireland, and then within Three Months after fuch Arrival) give and execute and enter into a Bond or Bonds, or other Security or Securities in fuch Sum of Money and with fuch fufficient Surety or Sureties, as fhall be approved by the Lords Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, or by the principal Officer or Officers of the Office or Department to which he belongs, for the due Performance of the Trud repofed in him* and for the duly accounting for all the Public Monies cn« truded to him or placed under his Controul.*

IV.	And be it further enaded, That fo much of the faid recited Ad as requires Memorials of Securities given by any public Officers to be made out and regidered with the Regider of tbe County of Middlcfcxt fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

Vv And be it further enaded, That in every Public Office or De-% part ment, the Officers or Perfons belonging to which are required to give Security in manner direded by .the faid recityd A& or by this

AS,





C .66.

33L7

.52* GEO. III.

Aft, fome Perfon or Perfons belonging to fuch Office or Department AaQ be appointed and authorized and required by the Perfon or Per-fcas having the Power, Direction and Controuj over fuch Office or Department, to keep and regifter the Securities relating to the Office or Department to which he (hall belong, and from time to time to report the State thereof in manner directed by this Ad ; and all fuch Securities as aforefaid ffiall be delivered to fuch Perfon or Perfons, to be regiftered under this Ad, within fuch Periods (except whefe othefinfe prescribed by this A6t) and under and iubjed to the fuse Penalties and Forfeitures in cafe of Negled or Omiflion to deliver fuch Securities, as are preferibed in the faid recited Aft with frfpeft to regiftering Memorials with the faid Regifter of Middlrfex.

VI,	And be it further ena&ed, That the Perfon fo to be appointed Such Officer to cr to be employed to keep and regifter the Securities given or re- lay Accoum* quired to be given by Perfons employed in or belonging to each ^efore Head* of refpeftive Public Office or Department, ffiall immediately after the & * * ^noadly* * paffiog of this A6t keep a Book of Entry of all Securities given in	**

lbch Office, and (hall in the Firft Place enter therein all Securities of Perfons belonging to fuch Office which have been already regiftered in the Office of the Regifter of the County of Middlefcx, and ffiall thereafter from time to time enter therein all fuch Securities, and alfo all Deaths of Sureties, and all Omiffions or Negleds in giving Securities or in fupplying the Places of any Sureties, and all other Particulars neceffary to ffiew the adual State of the Securities in fuch refpeftive Office or Department; and (hall within Three Months after the piling of this Ad, and thereafter once in each Year between the Fifth Day of January and the Twenty fifth Day of March lay an Account of the State of the Securities in fuch Department at the time of the making out fuch Account, together with an Abftrad thereof, before the Coinmiffioners or other Head Officer or Officers of the Office or Department to which the Securities ffiall relate, or in which the fame are taken; and fuch Abftrad ffiall within One Month after the faid Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year be tnnfmitted to the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiffioners of theTreafuiy for the time being, of Great Britain, with a Minute in each cafe of any Orders which may have been given by the refpedive Commiffioners or other Head Officer or Officers aforefaid, in relation to any Omiffions or Negleds as to fuch Securities, or the keeping the Account thereof, and of what may have been done upon any fuch Orders.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon Perfonswhohsr# who (hall have already regiftered a Memorial of any Security with alreadyregifterei the Regifter of Middlefcx, under the Provifions of the faid recited n°t required i» Aft, (hall be required to regifter the fame Security with the Officer regI er agam* or Peribn appointed or employed to keep Securities under the Provifions of this Ad.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That every fuch Perfon as Notice of Dead* aforefaid, who ffiall have given any Bond or Bonds or other Security orBankruptc) of or Securities, with Surety or Sureties, for the due Execution of the Sureties giveu. Trod repofed in him, or for the duly accounting for Public Monies

coming to his Hands, (hall give Noticfc in Writing to the Head of As Office or Department \o which he (hall belong, of the Death •t^ankruptcy of any Surety or Sureties or Perfon or Perfons bound ftcor with him in any fuch Security or Securities, within-Four Ca-*

6	lend*!*'



C 2

C. 6

A.D.i&i:.

Penalty.

Penalty.

Heads of Departments may allow further lime for giving Securities.

GEO. III.

lendar Months after the fame (hall have come to his Knowledge he (hall relide or be in Great Britain or Ireland, and if he Ml then on the High Seas then within Four Calendar Months rfirf? Arrival in Great Britain or Ireland, or within Twelve C<L Months if he (hall then be in any Parts beyond the Seas, except Eajl Indies or Parts beyond the Cape of Good Hope, and v Eighteen Months if he (hall be in the Eajl Indier or in any ; . beyond the Cape of Good Hope, unlefs he fhall fooner arrive ir ( Britain or Ireland, and then w ithin Four Months after fuch At and every fuch Perfon who (hall negledl to give fuch Notice v fuch Period as aforefaid, (hall forfeit One Fourth Part ofi: for which the Surety fo dead or become Pankrupt (hall hat?g Security, to the Ufe of His Majesty, to be recovered, if fuch N (hall relate to any fuch Office or Employment in England\ the Courts at Wcjlminflery by Adlion of Debt, Bill, Plaint formation, at the Suit of His Majesty’g Attorney General;: fuch Office or Employment be in Scotland, then to be ruo there in the Court of Seffion or in the Court of Lxchequer: land, by Adlion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, at t of His Majesty’s Advocate; and every fuch Perfon who (h i the Death or Bankruptcy of any Surety negledt to give the Set of another Surety, to be approved in fuch Manner as fuch ^ dying or becoming Bankrupt was approved, within fuch Perui his having given Notice of the Death or Bankruptcy of the ft Surety, as is by the faid Adi and this Adi limited for giving: giftering the original Security, the fame Regard being hid t Place in which fuch Perfon may then be, (hall forfeit his A;.; ment, Office, Employment or Commiffion, in like manner ar : and fubjedl to the Provifions in the faid recited Adi contain extending fuch Periods and giving Relief in the cafes m the: cited Adi and this Adt fpecified.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That if K appear to the Perfons or Perfon being at the Head of and barir.; Chief Management and Diredlion of the Public Department in* fuch Office or Place (hall be, or to fuch Number of the Comm iff or Perfons at the Head of fuch Public Department as by the La Ufage or Cuftom of fuch Department are authorized or empn to make any Order relating to the public Bulinefs of fuch D ment, to whom refpedlively Notice (hall have been given of the Dtf of any fuch Surety, that the Period limited by this Adi for grv Security for fuch new Surety is, in confequence of particular A. dents, Cafualties or Circumdances, infufficient, or that bf T2/: of the Diftance, or Lofs of Letters, or Illnefs, or the Refui. any Surety to give the Security, or of fuch Surety being not d? eligible, and being rejedled, or any other Accident or Gi that further time will be neceflary to enable the Security of new Surety to be given, it (hall be lawful for fuch Officer or miffioners as aforelaid, or Perfon or Perfons fo at the Head Public Department as aforefaid, to allow' fuch further Pcno. giving the Security of fuch new Surety as (hall appear to her: able and proper; provided that fuch extended Period (hall in r exceed Twelve Mouths beyond the Period allowed by th* A*‘ provided alfo, that the precife Period propofed to be allowed, t v iiier wifch the fpecial Grounds for allowing the fame, (haD be id i

enter i

1



rti?.	ji°	QEQ.	III.	C.66-	33?

i in the Book in which the original Security (hall have been red, or indorfed on the Back of the original Bond or other or Security itfelf; and the Perfon required to give the Se-of fuch new Surety /hall not be fubjedt to any Forfeiture or y for oot giving the fame within the time limited by thiq A (wes k within fuch extended Period fo allowed as aforefaid.

Trofided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhaU be His Majestyert-I for His Majesty to remit any Forfeiture or Penalty* in apy \ which the ^*ailqre of giving any Security, or regiftering any or Security unejer the f^id recited Ad, or the Delivery of Jcority to the proper Officer or Perfon to be regiftered und^f $, fhali not have arifen from any wilful Negled of the Perfon to give fuch Security or regii^er fuch Memorial, or deliver

Ipunty.

j. And whereas it hat been the Pra&ice in fame of the Public

U* in Scotland to take Bonds or Securities from fVrfont

j|g Offices there, according to the Forms of the Law of Scot-

[thereby Property Real and Perfonal can, if neceflfcry, be

Py and efiedually attached ; and which Pra&ice has been

Isapedient in feveral Inftances Be it therefore further en-

That it (hall and ipay be lawful to take Bonds and Securities, Bonds in Scot-

panted by Perfons holding Public Offices in Scotland, a«- land taken ac-

; to the Forms obferved in Scotland or hitherto adopted, or c"rd,n4 t0 ^orm

Pg to the Forms obferved in England, as it (hall be deemed ,°>nH ™ gjj**

ypdient; and alfo to profecute, fue for and recover upon the ian^

llready granted or to be granted, according to the Forme

4 in the Law of Scotland, or according to the Forms obferved

law of England, either in the Court of S'.ifion or Couit of

W in Scotland) and according to the Procefs and Diligence

tfeefe refoft&ive Courts, as (hall appear bed calculated in the

fauces of the cafe to obtain the fpeedy and effectual Recovery

Public Money.

} Provided always, and be it farther enadted, That nothing A£hnottoex-recited A& or this Adt contained (hall extend to the tend to Bonds of Ur ptber Securities of any Receiver General of the Duties llif Management of the Commiffioners for Affairs of Taxes, Taxes/ * *

Mr Sureties, but the faipe (hall continue to be taken under Stbnrky pf Warrants of the Lords Commiffioners of His Treafory, by the Ring’s Remembrancer of the Court of per, and to be recorded in bis Office in like manner as they aifclbrc been.

t provided always, and be it further enadled, That where Period for Re-Ipities of the Principal and Sureties are executed at dif- giftry of Securi-ks whether the fame are taken in one and the fame Boud, t,es eitimated ■ ether lullfument, or in different ones, the Period limited	^

fcrwg fuch Securities (hall be eftimated from the time of	*

PUm thereof by the Rerfon who (hall have been the laft to m uch Bpod* Deed or other Inftrument.

r Prpvkled always, and be it further ena&ed, That no No Irregularity i Oaifiwp or Irregularity, in giying or renewing the Bonds t.° avoi<I Securi*

$ Securities, or registering the fame within the Periods, or tlcs* ipuer poefcribed by the fpid re/cited Adt or this Adi, (hall be I to have vacated or made void, or to vacate or make void or other $ecprjty, to have difeharged or to kw. III.	Z	difeharge



Google

Deeds regirtered although IVriwd fli il have ea»-

pUud.

50 G.3. c. 85.

51 G. 3. C.98. LX 1'.

Indemnification for Ptrfons omitting to give Se*

CUiitUS.

C.66.	S2’GEO. III. A.D. 1812.

difcharge any Surety from the Obligations of any fuch Bond or Security.

XV. Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That all Deeds, Bonds or other Securities required to be regiftered (hall be regiftered by the proper Officer, notwithstanding the Period preferibed for regiftering the fame (hail have expired; but no fuch regifteringof any fuch Deed; Bond or other lnftrument, (hall be deemed or con* ftrued to waive any Forfeiture or Penalty, or to exempt the Periba on whole Behalf the fame (hall have been regiftered from any For. feiture or Penalty under any of the Provilions of the faid recited Ad or this Adl.

* XVI. And whereas divers Perfons, who by reafon of their Ap-4 pointments to or holding certain Offices or Employments, 01 4 Commiffions Civil or Military, in any Public Department or d 4 Public Truft, or who by reafon of being concerned in the Col

*	ledlion, Receipt, DilLurfeir.ent or Expenditure of any Public 4 Money or otherwife, are or may be required or bound under tbit 4 Provisions of the faid recited Adi of the Fiftieth Year aforefuj 4 to give atiy fuch Secuiity or to regifter any fuch Memorial as h *« mentioned in that Adi, or to give Notice of the Death of in)

*	Surety, or upon the Death of any fuch Surety to give Security oi 4 another Surety, and to regifter a Memorial of the Security of lud 4 new Surety, have, through Ignorance of the Law, Abfence, q 4 fome unavoidable Accident, omitted or may omit to give fuch Se 4 curitics, and to caufe fuch Memorials thereof to be duly regiftered

*	or to give Notice of the Death of any Surety as aforefaid withk 1 fuch time and in fuch manner as in and by the faid Adi is required:

*	whereby they have incurred or may be in Danger of incurring direr

*	Penalties and Difabilities : And whereas an Adi pafted in the lad 1 Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AS to Indemnify fuch Pcrfm 4 in the United Kingdom as have omitted to give Securities and to regifa 4 Memorials thereof under an AS of the lajl Seffion of Parliament 4 and for extending the Times limited for thofe Purpofes reJpeSivd) 4 until 'Two Months after the Commencement of the next Sejjicn ej 4 Parliament ; and the laid'laft recited Adt ha6 expired, and it is ne 4 ceflary that further Indemnity (hould be given to Perfons who (hall 4 comply with the Provifions of the faid Adi and this Adi withic 4 limited Periods;’ Beit further enadled, That all and every Perfoa or Perfons who, at or before the paffing of this Adi, hath or hare omitted to give fuch Security, and to caufe fuch Memorial thereoftc be duly regiftered in fuch manner as in and by the faid recited Ad i\ required, or to give Notice of the Death of any fuch Surety as aforefaid, and who after being appointed to, and accepting any fuch Office, Place or Employment, or undertaking any thing on account of which fuch Security ought to have been or ought to be given and fuch Memorial thereof regiftered, at any time before the palling of this Adi, or who at any time before the Expiration of Twc Months from the paffing of this Adi (hall give fuch Security and deliver the fame as required by this Adi, or give fuch Notice at aforefaid in fuch manner as is appointed by this Adt, (hall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed and difeharged from and againft ai Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Difiibilities incurred or tc be incurred, for- or by reafon of any Negltdl or Omifiion of giving any fuch Security, or regiftering any fuch Memorial, or giving any

7	fuel

GoO£

A.D. 181 a*.

52* GEO. III.	C.6<5,67.	341

loch Notice, according to the above mentioned Aft ; and fuch Perfon and Perfons is and are and (hall be fully reftored to the fame* State and Condition as he, (he or they were in before fuch Negleft or Omifhon; and that all Afts done or to be done by any fuch Perfon or Perfons, or by Authority derived from him, her or them, are and (ball be of the fame Force and Validity as the fame or any of them would have been if fuch Perfon or Perfons refpeftively had given fuch Security and regiftered fuch Memorial, or given fuch Notice, according to the Directions of the faid Aft.

XVI I. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all fuch Securities re-Securities (hall and may be given and delivered to and regiftered by giftered. the fame Officers and Perfons, in the fame manner and under the like Rules, Regulations and Provifions, and within the extended Periods allowed by this Aft for the giving or regiftering Securities, ifld (hall in fuch cafe be as valid and effectual as if fuch Securities had been given and regiftered within therefpeftive Periods limited for thofe Purpofes in the faid recited Aft.

XVIII.	And he it further enacted, That in cafe of any Aftion, GenerdIflue. Suit, Bill of Indidlment or Information, (hall from and after the palling of this Act be brought, carried on or profecuted againft any Perfon or Perfons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, re-capacitated or reftored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty,

Incapacity or Difability whatfoever incurred or to be incurred by any luch Neglerft or Omifiion, fuch Perfou or Perfons may plead the General Iflue, and upon their Defence, give this Aft and the fpecial Matter ia Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. LXVII.

An Aft for fettling and fecuring certain Annuites on the Widow and eldefl Son of the late Right Honourable Spence?

Percrualy and for granting a Sum of Money for the Ufe of his other Children. ,	[9th	June 1812.]

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 TT7HEREAS Your Majesty, by Your moft gracious Mcffage 4 VV to Your faithful Commons, hath been pleafed to declare,

4 that Your Majesty being deeply impreffed with the fevere Lofs 4 which Your Majesty and the Country have fuftained in confequence 4 of the Murder of the Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, and

•	bring defirous of marking Your Senfe of his public and private 4 Virtues, and of affording Relief and Afliftance to his numerous 4 and afflicted Family, recommended to Your faithful Commons to

*	enable Your Majesty to make Provifion for his Widow and Far 4 milv Now We, Your Majesty's moft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament affembled, duly coofidering Your Majesty’s moft gracious Intention, do moft humbly befeech Your Majesty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, aud by the Authority of the

fame, That One Annuity or Yearly Sum of Two tboufend Pounds Annuity of <iWful Money of Great Britain, and One other Annuity or apcol. and of YeaW Sam of One thoufand Pounds of lawful Money of Great to^idow^nd Bekm, Chaff be refpeftiYely iffuing and payable out of aud charged eueft Son, &c.

Z 2	and

Digitize^ by Google

34»

A.D.i<13.

C.61.

Jja* GEO. lit.

*\

and chargeable upon the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, aftet paying or referring fufficient to pay all fuch Sum and Sums of Mo* ney as have been directed by any former A€t or Ads of Parliamest to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which fhall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the faid Fund, and the fame Annuities or yearly Sums fhall froa time to time be paid free and clear of aH Taxes and Dedu&oes wbatfoever, except the Property Tax, in manner and form following ; that is to fay, the faid Annuity or yearly Sum of Two thou* fond Pounds to the Honourable Jane Perceval, the Widow of the feid late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, for and during the natural Life of the foid Jane Perceval, and from and after her Deceafe unto or for the Benefit of fuch Son or Grandfon of the (aid late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, as (hall be the Heir Mile of the Body of the faid late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval at the time of the Deceafe of the foid Honourable Jane Perceval, foe and during the Term of the natural Life of fuch Son or Grandfoi, and until the fame Annuity (hall fo by the Deceafe of the (aid Honourable Jane Perceval devolve upon luch Son or Grandfon, the foid Annuity of One thoufond Pounds (hall be paid and applied to or for the Benefit of the Son or Grandfon of the fame late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, who (hall be for the time being the Heir Male of the Body of the foid late Right Honourable Sfenar Perceval, for and during the joint natural Life or Lives of fuch Sot tor Grandfon, as the cafe may be, and of the faid Honourable Jeru Percevali which faid Annuities or yearly Sums (hall refpedivdy commence and take Effe& from the Eleventh Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thoufond eight hundred and twelve; the pirft quarterly Payment of each of the faid Annuities or yearly Sums to be computed and made rateably from the faid Eleventh Day of May to the Fifth Day of July One thoufond eight hundred and twelve, and from thence the fame Annuities or yearly Sums (hall be payable quarterly on the Four ufual Days of Payment ’in the Year; that is to fay, the Tenth Day of OQober, the Fifth Day of Januarj, the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July in every Year, together with a rateable Payment of each of the (aid Annuities or yearly Sums refpe&ively, to be computed from the lali quarterly Payment before the Death until the Day of the Death of, and os fuch Death to be paid to the Executors, Admintftrators or Affigni of the Perfon to whom or for whofe Benefit the foid Annuities or yearly Sums (hall be refpe&ively payable.

PUringMinority II. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That until the

©f Son, Annuity $on 0r Grandfon who fhall be entitled as afortfaid, for the time being, Truftees.

to fuch Annuity of One thoufond Pounds, or Two thoufond Pounds as aforefoid, as the cafe may be, (hall attain the Age of Twenty one Years, the faid Annuity or yearly Sum of One thoufond Pounds, fo long as the fame fhaH be payable, and the faid Annuity or yearly Bum of Two thoufond Pounds in cafe the faid Honourable Jane Perceval (hall die before the Son or Grandfon entitled at the time of her Death fhall attain the Age of Twenty one Years, (foil be

r'd to and received by the Truftees appointed by or under this A&, relation to the Sum of Fifty thoufond Pounds hereinafter men* tioned * and the Acquittance or Receipt of fuch Truftees, or any Three or more of them, of whom the Speaker of the Houfo of Commons,

Google

>

I.D. iSn.

343

52* GCO. III.

C.67.

bom, or Firft Lord CommilBoner of the Treafttry, or Chancellor of tie Exchequer, Audi be One, (hall be a fufficieut Discharge for the .

Payment of either of fuch Annuities or yearly Sums, as the cafe may be, until fuch Son or Grandfon (hall attain the Age of Twenty one Yean, and the fame Truftees (hall apply fuch Part or Proportion of the Anility or yearly Sum which (hall from time to time be payable for the Benefit of the Son. or Grandfon entitled to fuch Annuity as afcfcfaid, as they may deem proper, in and for or towards the Maintenance and Education or Advancement in Life of the Son or Grandfon entitled to fuch Annuity as aforefaid, and (hall lay out andiaveft the Surplus of fuch Annuity or yearly Sum in Government Stocks or Public Funds in the Names of fuch Truftees, or any Three or more of them, for the Ufe and Benefit of the Son or Grandfon entitled to fuch Annuity, and (hall, upon fiich Son or Grandfon attaining the Age of Twenty one Years, transfer the Stocks or Foods fo purchafed, and ail Accumulations which (haU have arifeo fism the Inve&ment of the Income thereof in like Securities unto the Son or Grandfon entitled to fuch Annuity under this Ad; and is cafe of his dying under the Age of Twenty one Years, then do tad dull ftand pofTefled of the fame Stocks or Funds and Accumulations in Truft for the Perfon or Perfons, who according to the Sta-tales for the Diftributkra of Inteftate’s Effe&s, would have been en» titled to the dear Refiduum of the Perfoqal Eftaie of fuch Son or Grandfon in cafe he had died inteftate.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the Sum of Fifty thoufand fo,oool. paid to Poinds of lawful Money of Great Britain (hall be paid out of any of

the Aids or Suoplies granted for the Sendee of the Year One thou- ^ cn' find eight honored ana twelve, free and dear of all Taxes and other Dedn&ions whatfoever, to the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, the Lord High Treafurer of the Exchequer, or the Firft Lord Conmiffioner of the Treafury, the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being refpedively, the faid Jane Perceval, Charles George Lord Arden* John Lord Redefdale f nd Andreev Berkeley Drummond Efqoire, in Truft for the Ufe of the Children of the faid late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, and to apply the fame in the manner hesitnafter dire&ed.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That until fuch Sum of Fifty thou- Until payment bad Pounds (hall be fo paid to fuch Tniftees as aforefaid, there (hall is made Imerctt be paid to the faid Truftees from time to time out of the faid Con- fliall be paid, feraled Fuad, after paying or referving fufficieut to pay any Sum

feefted to be paid by former Ads, but with Preference to other Pay-neats, Intereft for fuch Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds after the Rate of Five PoundsArr Centum per Annum clear of all Dedudions except the Property Tax, and fuch Intereft (hall commence and take Effied from the (aid Eleventh Day of May One thoufand eight hundred aad twelve 5 the Firft Payment of Intereft to be computed and naderateabiy from the faid Eleventh Day of May, to the faid Fifth Daj of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and from race fiich Intereft (haU be payable Quarterly on the Tenth Day d Odder, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and Ae Fifth Day of July in each Year, until fuch Sum of Fifty thou*

(nd Pounds (hall be ft> paid as aforefaid, and any Fradion of a Qtotedy Payment of fiich Intereft fhall be computed and paid to utDiyof fuch Payment of the Principal: Provided always, that it Provfo.

Z 3	fhall

	^

344

A.D.t8i2.

C.67.

520 GEO. III.

Treafury to pafs Warrants for Payment without Fees.

Warrant not revocable.

Treafurv and

Exchequer required to do what is necedjry without Fee.

ffiall be lawful from time to time to advance and pay any Part or Parts of fuch Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds according to and for the Purpofes of this Ad, without Payment of the Whole thereof; and in any fuch cafe all Intereft for fo much of the laid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds as lhall be fo paid (hall ceafe and be no longer payable from the Day or Days of fuch Payment; and the Interelf which (hall afterwards be paid lhall be computed only on fo much of the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds as lhall then remain unpaid, acd fuch Interelf (hall he paid accordingly.

V. And it is hereby further cuaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Lords Commiflioners of Plis Majesty’s Treafury nowand for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and the Lord High Treafurer and Under Treafurer of tiie Exchequer for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required bv Warrant under their Hands to dired the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, to make forth and pafs Debentures for paying the fsid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds or any Part or Parts thereof, and alfo from time to time for paying the faid Annuities or yearly Sums of Two thoufand Pounds and One thoufand Pounds retpedively, and Interefl as aforefaid on the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, z% the fame refpedively (hall from time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying tbe fame or any Part thereof, which faid Warrant and the Debentures to be made forth and palled thereupon lhall be a fufficient Authority 10 the fcveral and refpedivc Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, to fuch Truftees refpedively as aforefaid, and alfo for Payment of the faid Annuities or yearly Sums of Two thoufand Pounds and One thoufand Pounds refpedively, and alfo fuch lnterell as aforefaid to the faid Jane Per-ceval, or fuch Son or Grandfon of the faid late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval as aforefaid, or fuch Trultees as aforefaid, as the cafe may be, at the refpc&ive Days, and in manner in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof refpedively, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for, had or obtained iu that Behalf.

VI.	And it is hereby further enabled, That after figning of fuch Warrant the fame lhall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and ot this Ad, and lhall not be determined or revocable by or upon the Demifeof His Majesty, (whom God long preferve,) or any of his Heirs or SucccfTons, or b? or upon the Death or Removal of the faid Lords Commiflioners of the Treafury, or the Lord High Treafurer, or the Under Treafurer of the Exchequer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That the Lords Commiffionro of His Majelly’s Treafury, now and for the time being, and the Lord High Treafurer of the Exchequer for the time being. Chancellor and Under Treafurer, Chhmberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Minilters of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, lhall and they are hereby authorized and (Iridly enjoined and required to do without Fee or Reward all fuch Ads, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore direded and required, or (hall be neceffary to be done and performed

by





345

AJX1812.	' 5 2° GEO. III.	C.6j.

bjr them or any or either of them, in order to render this Ad and the fcrrral Payments hereby direded effectual.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the faid Trulbrs reflectively, for tne (aid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds and the lut* ivlt thereof, fo direded to be paid to them, and of the faid Jane Peruv J fur the faid Annuity or yearly Sum of Two thoufar.d Pounds, and of fuch Son or Grandfoc of the laid late Right Honourable Spencer Pact veil as afore-laid, or the faid TVuftees as aforefaid, for the faid Annuity or yearly Sum of One thoufand Pounds or Two thoufand Pounds refpedivcly, as the cafe may require, 0^iil) be a good and Sufficient Difeharge for the Payment of the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds and Intereft, and Annuities or yearly Sums refpedively, without any further or otfi r Warrant to be fued fur or obtained in that Behalf, and that the faid feveni Annuities or yearly Sums, and the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds and the Interelt thereof refpectively and every Part thereof, /ball be free and clear from all Taxes, Impofitions and other public Charges whatfuever (except the Property Tax), in refped of the faid Annuities and Intereft ; and in cafe any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer fhall refufe or neglect to pay the faid Annuities or yearly Sums of Money or either of them, or any Part thereof, or the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, or Intereft for the lame, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, or to do any Act neceffiiry to enable the faid Truftees refpeftively, and the faid Jane Perceval, and fuch Son or Gratidfon of the faid late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval as aforefaid, or any of them, to receive the fame, then the faid Truflees refpedively, and the faid Jane Perceval, and fuch Son or Grandfon of the faid late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval as aforefaid, may from time to timelue, profecute and implead fuch Officers or any of themfo refufing or neglecting, and their Executors and Adminillrators refpedively, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and fhall and may recover Judgments and fue out Executions thereupon againft fuch Officers refpedively, and their refpedive Heirs, Executors or Ad-nuuitlrators, for fo much of fuch Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds and for fo much of fuch Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing opon the faid Annuities or yearly Sums respectively, or any Parts or Part thereof refpedively, or for any fuch Intereft as aforefaid as fhall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands fhall have been legally made of the Payment of the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, or of the faid Annuities or yearly Sums or Intereft respectively, or any Part thereof refpedively as aforefaid, or for the Rehifnl or Negled to do any Ad neceflkry to be done by fuch Officer or Officers respectively as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Sum of Fifty thou-fand Pounds, or the Stocks, Funds and Securities wherein the fame (ball from time to time be invefled accordingxo the Diredions in this Ad contained, fhall be veiled in the faid Truftees upon the Trulls and for the Purpofes following; that is to fay, Upon Trull, for all tad every the Children and Child or fuch One or more of the Children of the faid Right Honourable Spencer Perceval\ in fuch Shares nA Proportions, and in fuch Manner and Fornp>and with fuch Limi-over for the Benefit of others or other of fuch Children, as the Z 4	faid

Acquittances of Trullet s, &c. ^ood Dikhai^at,

The rfy>3ot. to b; v.Gd in Trailers for Pur Kites herein-m onioned.



0

A.O.ifljj.

Frovifo,

Manner of In-

veftment and Application of the 50,0001. and annual Proceeds under Direction of Mrs.Perccval

faid Jane Perceval /hall from time to time by any Inftnimetit or liW ftruments in Writing fealed and delivered by her, in the Prefencecf, and attefted by Two or more credible WitnefTea, with or without Poorer of Revocation or by her laft Will and Teffament in Writing or any Codicil figned by her, and publiihed in the Prefence of ttl attefted by the like Number of WitnefTea, dired or appoint ; and it Default of fuch Dire&ion or Appointment, and in tne mean tine until any fuch /hall be made and fubjed to any fuch Diredtou or Appointment, which '/hall not be a complete and abfolate Difpofitxn of the Whole of the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, or of the Stocks, Funds or Securities wherein the fame (hall be invefted, ore/ the entire Property therein, upon Truft for all and every the Children and Child of the faid Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, in equal Shares and Proportions, and to be veiled in Truft in them refpedmly, on their refpe&ively attaining the Age of Twenty one Years, ormJttv rying, Which (hall firft happen, and whether the fame (hall happen in the Life-time of the faid Jane Perceval or after het Death, hot fob* jed to fuch Powers of Appointment as aforefaid ; and if any of the fame Children (hall die under the Age of Twenty one Years and unmarried, then the Parts and Shares of fuch of them as (hall fo die, (hall go over and be paid and transferred to the others or other of fuch Children, with like Benefit of Accruer, and all accruing Sham Aifl alfo go over and be paid in like manner and be veiled m Trofts in fuch Children refpedively, at the fame times as their Original Sham ns fpedively; Snd if all of fuch Children fhall die under the Age of Twenty one Years and unmarried, except one, then the Whole fhati be paid and transferred to fuch only Child who (hall attain the Age of Twenty one Years, or marry under that Age, and his or her Executors or Adminiftrators ; but if all the faid Children fhall die under the Age of Twenty one Years and unmarried, then the Whole of the Add Truft Funds remaining unappointed (hall go and be paid to the Survivor of fuch Children, and his or her Executors or Adminiftra-tors} Provided always, that in cafe any fuch Child fhall by virtue of any Appointment to be made by the laid Jane Perceval as afbrefud, have received or become entitled to any Part of the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, or of the Stocks, Funds or Securities wherein the fame or any Part thereof fhall have been invefled, fuch Child (hall not receive any Part of the Fund remaining unappointed, until the Sham of the other Children /hall be made up equal with the Child in wbofe Favour any fuch Appointment (hall have been made, unlefs the (aid Jane Perceval fhall by fome Inftrument in Writing fo executed and attefted as aforefaid, or by her laft Will and Teflament in Writing or any Codicil alfo fo executed and attefted as aforefaid, dired to the contrary.

X.	And be it further eua&ed, That when the faid Truftees (hall have received the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds or any Part thereof, they fhall lay out and inveft the fame or fo much thereof as (hall not be then adually due and payable to any Children or Child of the (aid Right Honourable Spencer Perceval under the Trofts aforefaid, either in or upon any Government Stocks or Funds, or at Intereft on any Real Securities, in the Names of the faid Truftees for the time being, and the faid Truftees fhall pay and apply the Intereft payable by virtue of this Ad in refped ot the (aid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, or any Part thereof remaining unpaid, and aHo the

Dividends

v^ooQle

AJ).i8i2.

347

$2° GEO. m.

C.67.

Dividends and Interefts and annual Proceeds of the faid Stocks, foods and Securities from time to time in and towards the Mainte-nanceand Education, or for the Benefit of all and every or any of the Children of the faid Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, as the faid Jane Perceval (hall from time to time by Writing under her Hand drred, and /hall alfo from time to time apply any Part or Proportion of the (aid Principal Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds when received, or of any Stocks, Funds or Securities wherein the fame or any Part thereof AaH be inverted for the Advancement in Life of any of fuch re<pedi?e Children, whether upon Marriage or otherwife, and in fuch Proportions and to fuch Amount as to any of fucli Children, whether Male or Female, as (hall by any Inftrument in Writing fealed and delivered by the faid Honourable Jane Perceval and attefted by Two credible Witneffes, be from time to time directed and appointed ; and after foch Application as aforefaid of fuch Dividends, Interefts or an* Dual Proceeds, in cafe there (hall be any Surplus thereof, do and (hall layout and inveft the fame in or upon any fuch other Stocks, Funds and Securities as aforefaid, in the way of Accumulation, and fo from time to time during the Life of the faid Honourable Jane Perceval, fabjeA neverthdefs to fnch Power of Appointment as aforefaid with rofped to the Principal as Well as Dividends, Interefts or Proceeds as aforefeid, and from and immediately after the Death of the faid Jim Percevaly then as to the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, or the Stocks, Funds and Securities wherein the fame (hall be inverted, and rifo as to all fuch Accumulations, if any, as laft mentioned, or fo much of fuch Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds, Securities and Ac-cumitkrioQs as (hall not have been before difpofed of according to the Trufts aforefaid 5 in Truft to pay and apply the fame Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, (except the Accumulations) according to the Trufts hereinbefore declared concerning the fame, and to pay asd apply fuch laft mentioned Accumulations according to the Trufts before declared of the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, or the Stories, Funds and Securities wherein the fame (hall be inverted.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further cnatted. That from and after the Death of the faid Jane Perceval, in the mean time and until the faid Principal Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, or the Stocks, Funds and Securities wherein the fame (hall be inverted, (hall become payable or affignable and transferable by virtue of the Trufts afore-nid, the Dividends, Intereft and annual Produce thereof, or of fo much thereof whereof no Diredtion or Appointment to the contrary (kaH have been made as aforefaid, or fo much and fuch Part of fuch Dividends, Interefts and annual Produce as the fame Truftees (hall item neccffary and expedient, (hall be paid and applied by the lame Truftees, in, for and towards the Maintenance and Education of fuch Child or Children of the faid late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval% whofe Share or refpedive Shares of and in the fame Principal Sum, or Stocks, Funds and Securities (hall not then have become payable or (ffignable and transferrable under the Trufts aforefaid, according and in Proportion to tbeir fevered presumptive Rights and Shares in the hoe Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds or Securities, and the Remainder (ifany) of fuch Dividends, Intereft and annual Produce (hall accu-tfc&fte for the Benefit of the fame Cnildreu according to their pre-fattne Shares of the Principal from whence fuch Accumulations Mwk.

XII. PrO-



Google

After Death of Mrs. Perceval how Money applied.

A.D.i&is.

Truftees to a^ply Funds in Det.u it of Appointment.

Funds mny be changed.

\

Appointment of new Truftees when uecefiary.

XII.	Provided always, and he it further enaded, That after the Death of the faid Honourable Jane PercevaU m Default of any Direction or Appointment as aforefaid by the faid Honourable Jazs Perceval to the contraiy, it fliall be lawful for the faid Truftees fur the time bring to apply all or any Part of the Share or Shares of any fuch Child or Children being a Son or Sons, of and in th* faid Truft Funds, for placing out fuch Son or Sons in any ProiefEun or Employment, or for his or their Inftru&ion therein, or for pur-chafing him or them a Commiflion or Rank in the Army or other-wife for his or their Advancement or Benefit.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That it {hall be lawful for the faid Truftees with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the faid Honourable Jane Perceval during her Life, and after her Death at their own Difcrction, to fell and difpofe of all or any Part ot the faid Truft Funds, and Securities, and to lay out and inveft the Monies ariiing therefrom in or upon any other fuch Government or Real Securities as aforefaid ; and in like manner to alter, vary and change fuch other Government Stocks, Fuuds and Real Securities for others of the fame or the like Nature, and fo from time to time as often as (hall be deemed expedient, fubjed always neverthelefs io the Trufts thereof hereinbefore declared.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded, That upoo the Death of any of them the faid Charles George Lord Ardenf John Lord Redejdale and Andrew Berkeley Drummond Efquire, or of any Perfon or Perfons who fliall become a Truftee or Trufttes under the Power of Appointment herein contained p and alfo in cafe they the faid Charles George Lord Ardeny John Lord Redejdale and Andrew Berkeley Drummond Efquire, or fuch new Truftee or Truftees who fliall be appointed as herein mentioned, or any or either of them, shall defire to be difeharged from or decline to act in the Trufts in and by this Ad declared ; then and in every fuch cafe, and with all convenient Speed after the happening of any fuch cafe, the faid Jane Perceval, and in cafe of her Death the furviving or continuing Truftees or Truftee {hall with the Confent in Writing of the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, or the Firft Lord Commiffioner of the Treafury, or the Lord High Treafurcrfor the time being, by fome Deed or Inftrument in Writing under the Hand and Seal of the faid Jane Perceval\ or in cafe of her Death under the Hands and Seals or Hand and Seal of fuch furviving or continuing Truftees or Truftee, nominate any other Perfon or Perfons to be a Truftee or Truftees in the Room of the Truftee or Trullecs fo dying or deflring to be difeharged or declining to ad as aforefaid ; and fuch new Truftee and Truftees (hall have and be iimfted with fuch and the fame Powers in all refpecls as if he or they had been originally nominated a Truftee or Truftees in ai.d by this Ad, and after every fuch Appointment of a new Truftee or Truftees, fuch Conveyances and Ads (hall be executed and done, as fliall be requifite for veiling the Eftate and Intereft of and in all and Angular the Truft Premifes in the continuing Truftee or Truftees (if any fuch there be), and fuch new Truftee or Truftees conjundly, or in fuch new Truilees, or fuch new Truftee only, according to the Nature of the Cafe, but upon the Trufts and for the Intents and Purpofes aforefaid, and in the mean time the Truft Premifes (hall be and remain in the remainiug Tiuftees thereof for the time being, or the Survivors or Survivor of

them,



349

*hem, or the Executors or Adminiftrators of fuch Survivor or his Jicirs, according to the Nature of the Trull IV nnfes.

XV.	And be it further cnatted, Tint it flnll be lawful for any ThreeTiuftcts (Three of the Traders for the Purpofea of this Act for the time being, may adt.

bo do and execute all fuch Ads, Matters and Things in Execution of the Trufts aforefaid, as ail the fuid Truftees refpedively are hereby authorized and empowered to do, and the fame fhall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had been done and executed by all the fnid .Truftees refpedively : Provided always, that in every fuch Ad, Provifow Matter or Thing done by Three Truih-es, the faid Speaker of the Honk of Commons, or Lord'High Treafurer, or Firft Lord Com-miiSoner of the Treafury, or Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being, (hall be one.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful The Speaker,

for the Speaker of the Houfe of Common?, the Lord High Treafurer may appo:nt of the Exchequer, or Firll Lord Conuniffloiier of the Trcdlury, and	°

the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being refpedively, from time to time, by Writing under Hand and Seal, to appoint a Perfon to ad for each of them refpedively, in nil or any of the Trulls of this Ad, and either under fuch Except.ons and llellriot*ons as to fuch Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, the Lord Ili'di Tveulurer of the Exchequer, or Firft Lord Commiflioner of the Treafury, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being refpedively,

(ball feem meet, or without any Exception or Rellridion, and alio from time to time to remove fuch Subftitutc and to appoint any other Perfon for the fame Purpofe; and all things which lhall be done by any Perfon fo appointed as aforefaid, within the Corr.pafs and during the Continuance of fuch his Appointment, hull be as valid and cffedual for the Purpofes of this Ad as if fuch things had been done by the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, the Lord High Treafurer of the Exchequer, or Firll Lord Commiflioner of the Treafury, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who fhall re-fpc&ively make fuch Appointment.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Truflees for the Truftees only time being, of this Ad, or any of them, fhall not be charged or ai.fwerable for chargeable with or accountable for any more of the Trull Monies wlm they (hall and Premifes than they (hall refpedively adually receive, or fhall re<-elve»&c* come to their refpedive Hands by virtue of the Trulls herein declared,

bot with or for any Lofs which (hall or may happen of the fame Truft Monies and Premifes, or of any Part thereof, fo as fuch Lofs happen without their wilful Ncgled or Default; and that it (hall be lawful for the fame Truftees for the time being, and every of them, in the firft Place by and out of the Monies which fhall come to their Hands by virtue of the faid Trufls, to dedud, retain to and reimburse themfelves refpedively, all fuch Cofts, Charges, Damages and Expences, as they fhall refpedively pay, bear, fultuin, expend or be put unto, for or by reafou or means of all or any of the faid Trulls,

Powers and Authorities, or the Management or Execution thereof, or any Ad, Tranfadion, Matter or Thing whatfoever in any wife howloever relating thereto.

CAP.



Google

C.68.

jt§ geo. nr.

A.D.iSil

4* G.3. C.IJO.

49 G. 3. c. 4?.

49 G. 3. c. 8a.

49 G.3.c; 129. and alfo fo much •f5© G. 3. c. aj. as rehtes to the Local Militia, repealed.

Repeal of Aft* not to ifte& jComrniffions.

Local Militia now ferving to continue to ferve as if AO had not been made.

CAP. LXVIII.

An A6t for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia it Scotland.	[loth	June 18 f a.]

*	TTTHEREAS the Local Militia, as by Law eftablilhed, In! ‘ W been found of the utmoft Importance to the internal De» < fence of this Realm: And whereas it is neceffary, in the prefrat

*	Circumftances of Europe, that the faid Force (hould be perns-

*	nentjy maintained: And whereas the Laws now in force for regc-‘ lating the Local Militia require Amendment; and it is expedient

*	that fome of the' Provifions contained in the federal Ads relating ta

*	the fame fhould be repealed, and others of them continued and

*	amended, and that new Provifions fhould be be made; and k would € greatly tend to the better Execution thereof, if the Whole of th* € mid Provifions were comprifed in One Ad of Parliament: And € whereas it is necefTary for the Purpofes aforefaid, that certain Adi

*	and Part of Ads now in force fhould be repealed Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Con* mons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That an Ad, paffed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelty, intituled An AS for enabling Hit Majefy to eRablifb a permanent Local Militia Force tn Scotland, under certain ReRriSions, for the Defence of the Realm ; and alfo Three feveral Ads, paffed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of Hit prefent Majesty, relating to the Local Militia, the One intituled At A8 to amend and render more cJfeSual an A8, paffed in the left Sefion of Parliament, for enabling Hu Majefly to eflabkfb a permanent Coed Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Refiridions, for the Defence of the Realm ; the other intituled An Ad to amend feveral Ads paffed is the lafl and prefent SeJJions of Parliament, relating to the Local Marti* / and the other intituled An A8 to prevent the enlijling of Local MiTsti* Men into the Regular Militia of any other County or Stewariry than the County or Stewartry to which they belong ; and alfo fo much of another Ad, paffed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefect Majefly, intituled An Ad fo amend feveral Ads relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain, as relates to the Local Militia, (hall be tod the fame are hereby repealed$ and that the Local Militia railed by virtue of the faid Ad of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid, (hall, from and after the palling of this Ad, be fubjed to all the Provifioss and Regulations thereof: Provided always, that the repealing of the faid feveral A&s hereby repealed, or any or either of them, fbaH not affed any Commiflion already granted under or by virtue of the faid Ads, or any or either of them, but that all fuch Perfbns to whom any fuch Commifiions fhail have been granted, fhall and may ad in the Execution of this Ad, in like manoer as they might have aded in the Execution of the faid former Ads, or any or either of them : Provided alfo, that. fo many of the Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and private Local Militia Men as are now ferving tor the feveral Counties, Stewartries and Places in Scotland, fhall be liable and continue to ferve in the fame manner and for the fame Length of time as they ought tn have ferved if this Ad had not been made, and (hall be liable andl4 bjed to the fame Penalties, Pains, Fines and Forfeitures



AJDiitn.

C.68.

351

5i#geo. in-

fat wet for any Offence which they may have refpe&ively committed previous to the paffing of this Ad, in the fame manner as if the Ofeace had not been committed till after the palling of this Ad $ and from time to time, in every cafe, where it (hall be necellary to fupply aoy Deficiency in the Number of private Local Militia Men at aoy County, Stewartry or Place, the Man or Number of Men required to iupply fuch Deficiency (hall be raifed, provided and emailed, asd (hall ferve in the manner and for the time diredted by sod uflder and according to the Provifions, Rules and Regulations of tbh Ad.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Lieutenants of Counties and Stewartries, or, in the Abfence of the Lieutenant, the Vice Lieutenant or any Three Deputy Lieutenants duly authorized by His Majesty, (hall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby requited from time to time to conftitute and appoint fuch Perfons as they fell think fit, being qualified as hereinafter is dire&ed, and living vitlua their ivfpc&ive Counties, Stewartries and Places, or within feme adjacent Counties, Stewartries or Places, to be Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors and other Officers, qualified as hereinafter' dtre&ed, to train, difeipline and command the Perfons to be fo armed and arrayed according to the Rules, Orders and Dire&ions hereinafter mentioned, and lhall certify to His Majesty the Names and Ranks of all fech Officers fo to be appointed 5 and in cafe His Majesty (hall, within Fourteen Days after fuch Certificate fhall have been laid before Him, fignify bis Disapprobation of any of the Perfons fo to be appointed, it (hall not be lawful for the laid Lieutenants to grant a Commjfion to any Perfon fo difapproved, but Commiffions mall be quoted to all fuch Perfons who (hall not be difapproved by His Majesty 5 and the Officers fo appointed for the Local Militia, to be armed sod arrayed as hereinafter dire&ed, (hall rank with the Officers «f His Majesty’8 Regular Militia as youngeft of their Rank : Pro-tided always, that no higher Rank (hall be given in any Regiment of Local Militia than that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, except is cafes where the Commandant (hall have ferved with the Rank of Cstad m Hie Majesty's Regular Forces, or Regular or Supple-sudUry Militia «r Feucibles, or be the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of aoy County or Stewartry.

11L And be it further ena&ed, That all Officers of Local Militia bofeisg the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, (hall take ittkofand command all other Lieutenant Colonels ferving in the feud Local Militia, notwithftanding the Commiffions of the faid Lieu-ton* Colonels (hould be of a prior Date to the Commiffions of fuch Lkfttcaant Colonels Commandant; and that Officers of the Local Milks (hall vank with the Officers of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, scooiding to the Dates of their refpe&ive Commiffions: Provided stays, that every Officer of Local MiUtia, who (hall have held any (tatoififen in any Volunteer Corps at the time of bis becoming an Oftptr of the Local Militia, (hall be entitled to rank with the Ofiofirs of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, according to the Date dkhC«iM8ttfion<of the fame. Rank in the Volunteers.

IV. IVovided always, and be it further ena&ed, That any Perfon tfefeallhate held the Rank of Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion ^terror Supplementary Militia, and who may be appointed to ta (tanged oi any Regiment or'Battalion of Local Militia to be

•	raifed



Google

Lieutenant (halt appoint Officers.

Rank of Officers

Lieutenant Co* lonels Commandant to com-mandLieutenant Colonel;.

Provif©_

Rank in Local Militia of Officers who have ferved in Regular or Supplementary Militia.

A.D. 1812.

C.68.

5 2* GEO. III.

ProviCb.

Commiflions not revoked by Revocation of Po.ver of Grantor.

Qualifications of Oihters.

railed by virtue of this Aft, fhall rank as Colonel, according to the Date of his Commiffion, in the Local Militia ; and every Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of any County or Stewartry, as long as he fhafl continue to aft as fuch, who fhall be appointed to the Command of any Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia as aforefaid, (hall rank a Colonel, according to the Date of his Commiffion in the Local Militia ; and every Perfon who fhall have ferved in the Regular or Supplementary Militia as a Cornu iflioned Officer, and by reafon of the Reduction of fuch Militia fhall have ccafed to hold fuch Rank, fhall, if appointed to a like .Commiffion in the Local Militia, rank according to the Date of his firft Commiffion : Provided always, that no Officer holding the Rank of Colonel in the Local Militia fhall be entitled to or receive any greater Pay or Emolument than that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant.

V.	And be it further enafted, That no Commiffion of any Officer in the Local Militia already granted or to be granted by any Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, fhall be vacated by reafon of the Revocation, Expiration or Difcontinuance of the Commiffion by which any fuch Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforefaid was or were appointed.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That all Perfons to be appointed Officers of the Local Militia, in purfuance of this Aft, (except withia the City of Edinburgh and its Liberties) fhall be qualified as follows; that is to fay,^ every Perfon to be appointed a Lieutenant Colonel fhall be feifed or pofTefied of an Ellate in Property, either in his own Right or in Right of his Wife, of Three hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent in Scotland, or fhall be Heir Apparent of fome Perfon who fhall in like manner be feifed or poflefled of a like Eftate as aforefaid of Three hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent ; and every Perfon fo to be appointed a Major, fhall in like manner be feifed or pof-fefied of a like Eftate as aforefaid of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or fhail be Heir Apparent of fome Perfon who fhall in like manner be feifed or pofTefTed of a like Eftate as aforefaid of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent ; and every Perfon fo to be appointed a Captain, fhall in like manner be feifed or pofleffed of a like Eftate as aforefaid of One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or fhall be Heir Apparent of fome Perfon who fhall in like manner be feifed or poflefled of a like Eftate as aforefaid of One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or fhall be a younger Son of fome Perfon who fhall be, or at the time of his Death was in like manner feifed or poflefled of a like Eftate as aforefaid of Two hundred Pounds

of valued Rent, or fhall himfelf be poflefled of Real or Perfonal Property to the Amount in the Whole of One thoufand Pounds Sterling ; and every Perfon fo to be appointed Lieutenant fhall in like manner be feifed or poflefled of a like Eftate as aforefaid of Twehtv Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or fhall be poflefled of a Perfonal Eftate alone, or feifed or poflefled of Real and Perfonal Eftate together to the Amount or Value of Five hundred Pounds, or fhall be Son of foine Perfon. who fhall be or at the time of his Death was in like manner feifed or poflefled of a like Eftate as aforefaid of Forty Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or who fhall be or' who at the time of H* Death was poflefled of a Perfonal Eftate alone, or feifed or pot-feffed of Real and Perfonal Eftate together to the Amount or Value of One thoufand Pounds Sterling; and that every Perfon fo to be

appointed



AJ).i8i2.

353

52« GEO. in.	C.681.

appointed an Enfign {ball in like manner be feifed or poflefled of a

like Eftate as aforefaid of Ten Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or fhall be poflefled of a Perfonal Eft ate alone, or feifed or poflefled of Real and Perfonal Eftate together to the Amount or Value of Three hundred Pounds, or {hall be Son of feme Perfon who (hall be or at the time of his Death was in like manner feifed or poflefled of a like Eftate as aforefaid of Twenty Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or who (halibeorwho at the time of his Death was poflefled of a Perfonal Eftate alone, or feifed or poflefled of Real and Perfonal Eftate together (o the Amount or Value of Six hundred Pounds Sterling : Pro- Provifo.

▼ided always, that any Officer who fhall have held any Commiflion in His Majesty’s Regular Army, or in the Regular or Supplementary Militia, or in any Fencible Regiment, or who (hall have transferred h.nftelf together with his Corps or any Part thereof, from the Volunteers into the Local Militia with His Majesty’s Approbation, (hall be eligible and duly qualified to hold the fame Rank in the Local Militfa, although not qualified as hereinbefore directed; any thing in tins A<ft to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Perfons to be appointed Qualification of Officers of the Local Militia in and for the City of Edinburgh and Office's of Local Liberties thereof, (hall be qualified as follows ; that is to fay, every	vv“^lia

Perfon to he appointed a Lieutenant Colonel fhall be feifed or poftel-	X

fed of a Real Eftate in Houfes or other Property within the faid City or Liberties of the yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, or (hall be poffefTed of a Perfonal Eftate alone, or feifed and poflefled of Real and Perfonal Eftate together to the Amount or Value of Three thou fan d Pounds Sterling j and every Perfon to be appointed a Major fhall be feifed or poflefled of a like Real Eftate in Houfes or other Property within the laid City or Liberties of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds Sterling, or be poflefled of a Perfonal Eftate alone, or feifed or poflefled of Real and Perfonal Eftate together to the Amount or Value of One thoufand five hundred Pounds; and every Perfon to be appointed a Captain fhall be feifed or poflefled of a like Real Eftate in Houfes or other Property within the faid City or Liberties of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds Sterling, or be poflefled of Perfonal Eftate alone, or Real and Perfonal Eftate together, to the Amount or Value of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling ; and every Perfon to be appointed a Lieutenant >{hall be feifed or poflefted of a like Real Eftate in Houfes or other Property within the faid City or Liberties of the yearly Value of Twenty*

Pounds Sterling, or be poflefled of Perfonal Eftate alone, or feifed crpoffefted of Real and Perfonal Eftate together, to the Amount of Three hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling ; and every Perfon to be appointed an Enfign (hall be feifed or poflefled of a like Real Eftate in Houfes or other Property within the faid City or Liberties of the yearly Value of Fifteen Pounds Sterling, or be poflefted of Perfonal Etbte alone, or feifed or poflefted of Real and Perfonal Eftate together, to the Amount of Two hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling.

VIII.	And be it further enatted. That no Perfon (hall hereafter No Officer fupe-b? appointed to a higher Rank in the Local Militia than that of rior to a Subal-Lieuteoant, until he (hall have delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace ten of the County, Stewartry or Place, for which he (hall be appointed, *jon delivere/to" ©* (in the Abfence of the Clerk of the Peace) to his Deputy, a clerk of the fp*ik Defcription in Writing, figned by himfelf, of his Qualification, Peace, who (hall

Rating



Q.69.

5J* GEO. m.

A. D. if it.

Clerk of the Peace to enter Qualifications

January to Secretary of State Certificate of Qualifi ations to be laid before Parliament.

tranfmit Copy to Gating the Parifh or Parishes in which the Eftate or Eflatet which

County Lieu-	form his Qualification is or are fituate, if the fame be a Real Eftate;

tsnant.	or if the fame be Perfonal Property, then of the Particulars of fact

Perfonal Property ; or if the Qualification arife from Service in Hi* Majesty’s Regular Forces, Regular or Supplementary Militia or F*t* cibles, or Volunteers as aforefaid, then of the Particulars of fuch Service ; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy (hall tranfmit to tie Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, a Copy of fuch Dw-fcription ; and no Commifiion granted after the palling of this Ad, for a higher Rank in the Local Militia than that of Lieutenant, ffaaO be valid, unlefs it be declared in the Commifiion that the Officer to whom the Commilfion is given hath delivered in his Qualification as above direded.

IX. And be it further enaded, That the Clerk of the Peace $f every County, Stewartry and Place, (hall, and he is hereby required . to enter the Qualifications tranfmitted to him, according to the D* tcTinfert in *	regions of this Ad, upon a Roll to be provided and kept for tlu$

London Gazette Purpofe, and to caufe to be inferted in The London Gazette the DatCf Date* of Com- of the Commiflions, and Names and Rank of the Officers, together millions, &c. *nd with the Names of the Officers in whofe Room they are appointed tranfmit every ’w manner as Commiflions in the Army are publilhed from t]* War Office; and he is hereby authorized to charge the Expence of fuch Infertion in the Gazette for each Commifiion to the Colkdor of the Countv, Stewartry or Place, who is hereby direded to pay thit fame; and the faid Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy (hall, in the Month of January in every Year, tranfmit to One of His Majesty,l Principal Secretaries of State a Certificate in the Form in Schedule (A.) that the Qualifications have been fo left with him ; and every Commiffioned Officer, not having already taken and fubferibed thf Oaths, and made, repeated and fubferibed the Declaration, as required by this Ad, (hall, at fome General Quarter Sefiion of the Peace, or in fome Sheriff Court in Scotland within Six Months after the paffiag of this Ad, if he (hall have been appointed before the paffing of this Ad# or if not appointed till after the palling of this Ad, then wiihtf Six Months after he (hall have accepted his Commilfion, take the Oaths appointed to be taken by an Ad, pafled in the Firft Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Firft, intituled An Ad foe the further Security of His Mu jelly's Perf on and Government, aud the Succejfon of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Prineefs Sophia, hang Proteftants ; and for extingui/hing the Hopes of the pretended Prism of Wales, and his open and fecret Abettors ; and alfo by an Ad palled in the Thirty f fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad for altering the Oath of Abjuration, and the Ajfurnncc ; and for amending fo much of an Ad cf the Seventh Tear of Her late Majefly Queen Anne, intituled An Ad for the Improvement of the Union of the Two Kingdoms, a~>, after the Time therein limited, requires the Delivery of certain Lijls and Copies therein mentioned to Perfous indidedof High Treafon or Mifprifon oj'Treafon; and alfo make, repeat and fublcribe the Declaration in the faid Ad of the Firft Year of King George the Firft, direded to be made, repeated and fubferibed by afl Officers, Ciyil and Military.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon (hall execute any	^>owors	direded to be executed by Lieutenant

, or \ o vc g0jQilck ^ Majors, m>t being qualified as aforefaid, pr without

11	having

a G. i. Stat. a. e. 13.

IG.3 c.53«

f Stem

i O i. St?t. 9.

e. 13.

Perf mi a£lin*



Google

) iSiz.	520	GEO.	III.	C.69.

tg delivered in fuch fpecifick Defcriptloti of hi3 Qualification as reinbefore required, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay the of Ofie hundred Pounds 5 and if any Perfon (hall execute any of Powm hereby directed to be executed by Captains, not being ified as aforefaid, or without having delivered in fuch fpecifick eriptionof his Qualification as is hereinbefore required, every fuch lot ftail forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One hdoiety itflf Aall go to the Ufe of the Perfon who (hall fue for thefame ; h every A&ion, Suit or Information, brought againft any Per-fcr i&ing as Lieutenant Colonel, Major or Captain, not being led as hcreiubefore dirr&ed, the Proof of his Qualification (hau poa the Perfon againft whom the fame is brought: Provided ft, that nothing in this A & contained (hall reftrain or prevent any of the Realm, or Heir Apparent of any fuch Peer, from being ked or a&ing as a Commifiioned Officer in the Local Militia, b the County, Stewartry or Place, wherein fuch Peer, or Heir ptfet of fuch Peer, (hall have fome Place of Refidence, although h not have the Qualification hereinbefore required; or to oblige Ktt of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of fuch Peer, who (hall •pointed a Commiffiooed Officer as aforefaid, to leave with the I of the Peace for the County, Stewartry or Place, for which ftl be appointed, any Qualification in Writing as aforefaid.

L And be it further ena&ed, That His Majesty, his Heirs and ilbn, may from time to time, as He and they (hall think fir, f his and their Pleafure to his and their Lieutenant of any if, Stewartry or Place, to difplace all or any Officers in the i Militia, and thereupon His Majesty’s refpedive Lieutenants forthwith difplace fuch Officers, ana appoint others within the Coaotv, Stewartry or Place, with the like Qualifications, and * and (ubieft to the like Provifions and Reftn&ions, to ferve in W

tl. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for His If to order and dire&, that a Number of private Men not ex-the Numbers herein fpecified for each County refpe&ively, be enrolled to ferve in the Local Militia at fuch Periods and in Counties, and in fuch Proportions io any fuch Counties, Divi-Or Parts thereof, as His Majesty by any Warrant or Warrants FHis Royal Sign Manual (hall fpccify, order and dired, in that If,according to the Provjfiops of this Ad ; that is to fay, £or SOftnty of Edinburgh One thoufand three hundred and thirty two ; ptCky of Edinburgh One thoufand two hundred and forty ; for Joantyof Linlithgow Th~ee hundred and feventy fix 5 for the. If of Haddington Six hundred and fixteen ; for the County of wk Six hundred and twenty ; for the County of Peebles One tighty; for the County of Selkirk One hundred; for the jWof Roxburgh Seven hundred and twelve ; for the Stewartry wLadbrigbt Six hundred and four; for the County of Wigton rludred and feventy fix ; for the County of Ayr One thoufand ihoodred and forty four; for the County of Renfrew One thou-I* hundred and fixteen ; for tb* County of Lanark Three thou-jsdfonr; for the County of Sitting One thoufand and fifty two; ft Countyof Kinroft One hundred and forty; for the County ft One thoufand nine hundred and thirty fix ; for the County of Four hundred amd twenty eight; for the County of Buti

PG10.JII.	At	_ Two

, Google

>

3S5

not delivered in Qualifications.

Penalty.

Onus ProbandZ.

Provif*

His Majesty may direct County Lieutenants to dif-place Officers.

Numbers df private Man.

C.68.

A.D.i8ii

35<S

Where Quote n»nv fixed is left than Number actually ferving, Exoefs to continue to ferve.

When Vacancies tupplied.

Where Quota now fixed is greater than Number of Local Militia now ferving, no further Enrolment ihall t^ke place fo long as Ixxal Militia and Vo-lunfeemot*,ether equal fix Times the Militia.

42 G.J. c.91.

Provifo.

S2»

geo. ra.

Two hundred and forty four; for the County of Argyle One thro-fand four hundred and fifty fix ; for the County of Inverncft Oae thoufand five hundred aud thirty fix ; for the County of Perth T*• thoufand fix hundred and tv lve: for the County of Forfar T»S thoufand and forty four; for the County of Kincardine Five huodrcl and forty four ; for the County of Aberdeen Two thoufand five hat 1 dred and fixty 5 for the County of Banff Seven hundred and fixteca; J for the County of Elgin Five hundred and fifty two ; for the County of Nairn One hundred and feventy two ; for the County of Cromarty Sixty four; for the County of Rofs One thoufand and eighty; for the County of Sutherland Four hundred ; for the County of Caitbqfi Four hundred and eighty four 5 for the County of Dumfria One th mfand one hundred and thirty fix ; for the County of Clackmaam Two hundred and twenty four.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where the Number of Local Militia fo fixed and fettled for any County, Stew* artry or Place as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Number a&uafly ferving for fuch County, Stevvartry or Place, at the time^of paflin* this Aft, the Excefs, over and above the Quota fo fixed as aforcfai^ (hall continue to ferve in the Local Militia of their refpeftive Counties Ejtewartries and Places, until the Expiration of the Period for which they were originally enrolled ; any thing in this Aft to the portrait notwith (landing; but that no Vacancies arifing in the Local M3ki( of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, (hall be fupplicd until the Non* ber of Men ferving in fuch County, Stewartry or Place, (hall be rfr* duced below the Number fo fixed as aforefaid, as the Quota of fuch County, Stewartry or Place.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That when the Number of Locil Militia Men fo fixed as aforefaid for any County, Stewartry or Plac^ (hall be greater than the Number aftually ferving for fuch County^ Stewartry or Place, at the time of palling this Aft, no further rolments of Men for the Local Militia of fuch County, Stewarby or Place, (hall take place, beyond what may be neceflary to keep tk feverai Regiments complete to their Eftablifhments, fo long as the’ Number of Men ferving in fuch County, Stewartry or Place (hsH,* in Addition to and together with and including the effcftive Yeomanry and Volunteers ierving in fuch County, Stewartry or Place,

Sexclufive of Supernumeraries above the Eftablifhment of fuch Corps Serving without Pay), amount to Six Times the Original Quota of tie Militia of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, fixed under an Aft paffed in the Forty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, relating to the Militia of Scotland : Provided always, that when and fo often as the Number of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers in any fuch County, Stewartry or Place as aforefaid, (hall be reduced by the difbandiug or difeontinuing the Services of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or by reafon of the effcftive Numbers of any fuch Corps being diminiflied, a Number of Local Militia Men not exceeding in Amount fucb Deficiency (hall be forthwith ballotted and enrolled under this Aft, until the Number of the Local Militia of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, (hall be equal to the Number fixed as aforefaid for the Quota of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, under this Aft : Provided always, that no Vacancy arifing in any Corp* of Yeomanry^ or Volunteer Cavalry, by reafon of the effcftive Numbers of fuch Corps being- diminifhed, fhall be fupplied as aforefaid by

Ballot



Google

AJXiSia.

G 68.

357

52* GEO. III.

5aflot for the Local Militia under this A 61; unlefs fuch Vacancy (foil not have been fiipplied by the entering of any Men into fuch Corps within Six Mouths after fuch Vacancy occurring in fuch Corps.

XV.	And be it further etta&ed, That in all cafes in which the Number of Local Militia Men fo fixed by this as the Quota of any County, Stewartry or Place, (hall be greater than the Number actually fenring for fuch County, Stewartry or Place, it fhall be law* ful for the Members of any Corps of Volunteers, within the Ages limited by this A&, and not having more than Two Children under the Age of Fourteen Years, as may be defirous of forming Part of the f»d Local Militia to be ndfed under this A6t, to transfer them-felves, with the Approbation of His Majesty, under the Direction of the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, to become and form Part of the Local Militia under this A6t of the County, Stewartry or Place to which fuch Corps fhall belong, upon fuch Terms and Conditions 2$ to His Majesty fliall feem fit; and all Volunteers fo permitted to transfer their Services fhall thereupon forthwith be enrolled without Ballot in fuch Local Militia, and take the Oath hereinafter required to betaken by Perfons ballotted under this A6f, and actually furring in fuch on the Twelfth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and having conftantly continued to ferve as fuch fince that Period, thallbc entitled to a Bounty of Two Guineas, and to the fame Allowance for NecefTariss as other Local Militia Men arc entitled to under this Ad, and (hall be deemed and taken to be Local Militia Men to all Ii.tents and Purpofcs.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That no Per-fon who fhall transfer himfelf as a Member of a Volunteer Corps into the Local Militia, and fhall be thereupon enrolled in the Local Militia, (hall be liable to be called upon to be enrolled to ferve in the Regular Militia, by reafon of his having been ballotted and entered for the Regular Militia, during the Period of his having been a Member of a Voiuuteer Corps ; any thing in any A& or Adts to the contrary uotwitb (landing.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That whenever fuch Bounty (hall become payable to any Member of a Volunteer Corps fo transferring himfelf as aforefaid, the Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice attending the Enrolment and fwearing in of fuch Men (hall fign a Certificate of the Amonot of the Bounty fo to be paid, and to whom, and for whatPaiifhesor Places; and the Clerk of the Subdivifiou Meeting fliall forthwith tmnfmit fuch Certificate to the Secretary at War, and draw upon the Agent General for the Amount of Bouuties fpecified to be fo payable.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for His Majesty to permit aijy Volunteer Corps of Yeomanry or Artillery to transfer themfelves into the Local Militia, upon iuch Terms and Con-dkkws as to their Eftablifhment, and as to Allowances for Horfes or Accoutrements, or other Things, and as to Pav, as His Majesty (hall

and to be attached to the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place wherein fuch Corps fhall ferve, in fuch manner as His Map&yfcll dire&: Provided always, that no Vacancies arifmg in *ny ineb Corps of Yeomanry, fo transferred as aforafaid, (hall befup-pWby Ballot iHpkr this A6t; but all fuch Vacancies which (hall not fc%Mby the entering of any Men into fuch Corps within Six * A a 2	Months



Volunteers may transfer Services to Local Militia.

Volunteers fo transferring not liable to ferve in Regular Militia.

Bounties to Volunteers,

Yeomanry and Artillery Coips may transfer Services to Local Militia.

Provifo.

C.6H.

I

!

JS*

Powers of 42 G. 3. c. 91. 46 G. 3. c. 14a 49 O'3 c.90. applicable to the Local Militia, extended to this

a a.

Subdivifion Cleiks to gire Notice of Meeting to Commanding Officers of Regiment*.

Men hallotted from Militia Lifts.

Perfons neglecting to appeal.

Penary.

No Perfon under 3c to be Sptci*lConftable.

S 2C GEO. III.

•Afl.l*!!

Months after fuch Vacancy occurring in fuch Yeomanry Corps be fupplietl by Ballot for the Local Militia of the County, or Place to which fuch Yeomanry Corps fhall be attached.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That all fuch Powers, Prov \ Rules, Regulations, Claafes, Matters and Things contained at faid Ad of the Forty fecond of His Majesty, or in an Aft p*f i the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majesty, or in an Ad r* the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majesty, or in any other A relating to the Militia, as relate to the appointing and holdirr * neral and Subdivifion Meetings of Lieutenancy, or to the maL Lifts from which to ballot, or to the Mode of ballotting, (LA

as the fame are applicable and can be applied to and for the Prof carrying this Ad into Execution, and are not hereby altered, * or repealed, be ufed, exercifed, applied and put in force wnh to the Local Militia, in as full and ample a manner as if the t Powers, Provifions, Rules, Regulations, Claufes, Matters ins .’hw were re-enaded and repeated in this Ad.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That the refpedive Clerks Subdivifion Meetings (hall, as loon as conveniently may be aft Subdivifion Meeting (hall have been appointed, give Notice is of the Time and Place of Meeting to fuch of the Deputy Lieu who (hall be refident within fuen Subdivifion* and alfo to the manding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, attact fuch Subdivifion, by Notice, addreffed to the Adjutant, and 1 .< count of the feveral Days fixed for receiving Lifts, and for b*T and for inrolling the Militia Men within fuch Subdivifion; art as foon as the Militia Men are inrolled, likewife tranfmit to the lonel or other Commandant, or to the Commanding Officer n faid, in manner aforefaid, a Lift, fpccifying the Names, Trad ufual Places of Abode, of all fuch Local Militia Men as are ir.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That the Men to be raiirt this Ad (hall be ballottcd out of and from the Perfons bet*1 Age< of Eighteen and Thirty, returned in the Lifts now exiih which may hereafter be made and returned or amended and co for the railing of the Militia under any Ads relating to the of Scotland ; and it (hall be lawful for His Majesty, it He fttafl fit, to order and dired the making out any new Lifts, and b Clafies as to Age or otherwise, and in fuch Form as may br df* expedient for the Purpofe of carrying this Ad into Executant.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That on making out or im ing of any Lifts after the palling of this Ad, of Perfons fit toft in the Local Militia, every Perfon who (hall wilfully ucgle&rt within the time appointed for that Purpofe, fhall forfeit for eu Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor lefs thas 7 Shillings, at the Dilcretiou of any Two or more Deputy Li ■ or Juftices of the Peace or Magiilrates, and on Non-payme»i

be imprifoned, at the Difcretion of any Two or more Deputy Ltf ■ nants or JulUccs of the Peace or Magiftrates as aforciaid, time not exceeding Fourteen Day3.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That no Perfon flteSbrl pointed or ad as a Special Conftable for the Purpofe of afliilir- "I making out any new Lifts, or otherwife in aiding in the Execiit this Ad, who (hall not be above the Age of Thirty Yt-rs.

XXIV. M



AJ).i8i2,

359

520 GEO. III.	C.6J.

XXIV.	And be It further matted, That it (hall be bwful for the Deputy Lieute-Deputy Lieutenants within any Sabdivifion, or any Two or more of na?t# may rt* them, or for any One Deputy Lieutenant and O le Juftice of the ^le,u Peace, from time to time to ifine their Order or Warrant under their p^nlt*biet, Handa, requiring the Attendance of the Schoolmafter, Conftable or

other Officer of any Parifh or Place within fuch Subdivifion, for the

Putpofes of this Aid, at fuch Time and Place as in fuch Order or

Warrant (hall be expreffed ; and if any fuch Schoolmafter, Conftable

or other Officer, fhall refufe or negled to appear according to fuch

Order or Warrant, or if any Conftable or other Officer of any Divi*

fioa, or any Schoolmafter, Conftable or other Officer of any Parifh

orPfacr, (hall refufe or negled to comply with fuch Orders and Di-

re&ions as he fhall from time to time receive from the faid Deputy

Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or from any One Deputy

Lieutenant and One Juft ice of the Peace in purfuanceof this A A, or

dull be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality or grofs Negled in

his Duty, the faid Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them,

or fuch One Deputy Lieutenant and One Juftice of the Peace, are

hereby empowered and required to commit the Perfon fo offending

to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail for the Space Imprifonment.

of One Month, or, at their Difcretion, to line fuch Perfon in any Sum

not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor lefs than Forty Shillings.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Two Juftices Conftable or Officer (hall be of the People called Quakers, (and cer- may appoint De. tihed to be fo by Two Perfons of the People called Quakers) and putimoQuikes* (Ml oegled or refufe to perform the Duties required by this Ad, [^E^atioiu it Dull be lawful for any Two Juftices of the Peace a&ing of the Di-vifioo within which fuch Quaker fhall be fuch Officer as aforefaid, and they are hereby required, in all cafes where the circumflances of the afe (kill in their Judgment render it expedient and neceffary for the due Execution of the Provifions of this Ad, by their Order under their Hands to appoint a fit and proper Perfon to be Deputy to fuch Qsaker, for the Purpofe only of carrying this Ad into Execution ; id every Perfon fo appointed Deputy as aforefaid (hall have and ex-Strife all the Powers, Authorities and Jurisdictions given by this Ad tofsch Officer for whom he fhall fo ad, and fhall do and perform all the like Duties and Offices, under the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as are hereby impofed for Negled of Duty of any fuch Officer as aforefaid, in like manner in every refped as the Perfon for whorq he (bill fo ad : and where an Appointment of any Deputy (hall be fo made, the Conftable or Officer (being one of the People called Quakers)

Hull be, 3od he is hereby difeharged from the Performance of any Duty required of him by this Ad, and from all Penalties incurred for Negled thereof after the time of fuch Appointment,

XXVI.	And be k further cnaded. That it fhall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, at their Subdivifion Meetings, to add together, whenever they fhall think it neceffary, any Two oy more Parifhes or Places, or to add any extra-parochial Place or Places to any Parifh or Panfhei adjoining thereto, for the Purpofes of this Ad; and alfotq add together the Lifts of fuch Parifhes and Places aforefaid, fo as to aAetbe Choice of Local Militia Men by Ballot within every fuch &&tvifion as equal and impartial as poffible; and where any Parifhes *4 frees fo added together fhall lie in different Wards or other Di- g^named^hi* rife* within the {me County, Stewartry or Place, to direct in what Order of Deputy

Ward Lieutenant*.



Two or more Places and Lifts may be added together, and Conftables, &c. fhall ad together as if they were Officers of fame ParUh, and fhaU

C.68.

A.D. i8<2-

Deputy Lieutenant* to determine Dilagreements between Porilh Officers.

AQ to extend to extra-parochial Places added to Parilhes ; and where no Con flables or Schoel-waiter*.

Clerks of Subdi-vifion Meetings to tranfmit Copies of Rolls to Clerk of General Meeting.

Penalty.

General Meetings may alter

* Suhdiviuons, and Allotment of Men in each Divifion.

5 2°

geo. in.

Ward or other Divifion the fame (hall be confidered for the Par^ofet of this Ad; and the faid Deputy Lieutenants (hall proceed upon the Lifts fo added together, in like manner as if they had beeu origwaDjf returned for One Parifti, or for the Parifh to which anyextra-p«* chial Place (hall have been added as aforefaid : and the School maftei% Conftables or other Officers of Parifhes and Places fo added togethes, (hall ad together in the "Execution of this Ad, as if they were refpeC* lively Officers of One and the fame Parifti or Place, and all fuch School-mafters, Conftables and Officers fo as aforefaid acting together by viitB* of this Ad, (hall hold their Meetings under this Act in the Pari(h or Place which (hall be named (irft in fuch Order of Deputy Lieute* nants ; and if any Difference or Difagreement fhall arife between the Officers of any Pari(h or Place, or between the Officers of different Parilhes or Places, touching the Execution of this Ad, the Deputy Lieutenants ading in and for the Subdivifion when* fuch Difference or Difagreement (hall happen, (hall at any Subdivifion Meeting, tod they are hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and make fuch Order therein for the better Execution of this Ad, as to then (hall feem meet} and fuch Orders fliall be final and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes, without being fubjedt to any Sift or Review whatsoever.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral Claufes, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things in this Ad contained, (hall be conltrued to extend to every extra-paro-chial Place added to any Parifti or Place for the Purpofes of this Ad, as fully as if the faid Diredions and Provifions had feverally and ic-fpedively been exprefsly applied to extra-parochial Places, and where there (hall be any extra-parochial Place or other Place wherein co Schoolmafters or Conftables have been or are appointed, or ad, the refpedive Conftables and Schoolmafters of the Parifhes or Places, to which fuch extra-parochial or other Place (hall have been added by the Deputy Lieutenants as aforefaid, may and (hall ad as School-mafters or Conftables, for fuch extra-parochial or other Place in the Execution of this Ad, and may and (hall do, perform and execute all fuch Ads, Matters and Things therein, relating to the Execution of this Ad, as fully and amply, and with all fuch and the like Powers in every refped, as if fuch extra-parochial or other Place was within aud made Part of fuch Parifti or Place.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That the Clerks of all Subdivifion Meetings (hall, within Fourteen Days after every fuch Sub-divilion Meeting, tranfmit to the Clerk of the General Mectingsof the County, Stewartry nr Place, fair and true Copies of fucli Rolls as (hall be figned at fuch Subdivifion Meeting; and if any fuch Clerk (hall omit or negled to make fuch Return as aforefaid within fuch Period as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly or wilfully make any falfe Return, fuch Clerk (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded. That the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry or Place, together with any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Abfence of any Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant) any Five or more Deputy Lieutenants may at any General Meeting, alter the appointed Subdivifions within fuch County, Stewartry or Place, if they (hall fee Oc^afioo, and alfo may alter the eftablifticd Allotment

(^.ooQLe

D.i8i2.

C.68.

At Second Sufc-

divifionMe fbi$, Deputy Lie te-' nants (h.ill .ip-jvsim Number of Men to ferve fur each PariOi^&c. and (h ill o*dec Notice to bo given thereof and of next Meeting, ^nd Hi >11 caule Number be bal-iotted, &c.

52° GEO. m.	C.68.	S^t

Ac NtJbber of Men in each refpedive Ward or other Divifion, to ic in trfe Local Militia, towards railing the Number of Local Militia	•

a by this Ad direded to be raifed for fuch Cotinty, Stewartry or ice, according to the Numbers contained in the refpedive Certifies received from the feveral Subdivifion Meetings; regard being i 'm fuch Allotments and Apportionments to the Number of eflec-tYeomaury and Volunteers fenring in each fuch Ward and other fjfryi

xxx. And be it further enaded, That the Deputy Lieutenants at their Second Meeting within any Subdivifion fhall ap-st what Number of Men fhall ferve for each Parifh and Place, til fuch Subdivifion, regard being had in fuch Appointmentto ^Jomher of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers ferving in each hParifh or Place in Proportion to the Number laft appointed, in fcaiKT hereinbefore direded, at a General Meeting to ferve for k&ri/h or other Divifion ; and fhall appoint another Meeting to pUeo within Three Weeks from the Day on which fuch Meet-holden within the fame Subdivifion, and fhall ifTuc out an the Schoolmafter or Conftable or other Officer of every Place within their refpedive Subdivifions, of the Number lies fo appointed to ferve for fuch Parifh or Place, and of the Time •Place of the next Subdivifion Meeting; and the faid Deputy ptenanU, or any Two or more of them, or any One Deputy Lieu-(ft, and One Juftice of the Peace, afiembkd in purfuancc of fuch jpitments, fhall caufe the Number of Men appointed to ferve as niidto bechofen by Ballot out of the Perfons between the Ages fjghtecn and Thirty, returned in the Lifts now exifting, or which ^hereafter be made and returned, or amended or corrected, for the the Militia under any Ads relating to the Militia of Scotland,

~ appoint another Meeting to be holden within Three Week9 tfeme Subdivifion, and (hall ifTue out an Order direding the nailer or Conflable, or other Officer of every Parifh or Place,

Notice to every Man fo chofen to ferve in the Local Militia, par at fuch Meeting, which Notice fhall be given or left at his fof Abode at lead Seven Days before fuch Meeting: and fuch bJmzfter, Conflable or other Officer, fhall attend fuch Meeting, flake fuch Return upon Oath of the Days when fuch Notice was " *; and every Perfon fo chofen by Ballot fhall upon fuch Notice Perfons chofen at fuch Meeting, and if on Examination found able and fit for ty Ballot totjfct rice, and approved of in manner hereinafter direded, fhall then take the following Oath ; that is to fay,

B. do fincerely promife and fwear, That I will be faithful A bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, and that 1 faithfully ferve in the Local Militia of i Great Britain, for the Defence of the fame, during the time [Foot Years, for which I ara enrolled, unlefs I fhall be fooner

Jereryfuch Perfon fhall be then and there enrolled (in a Roll to h i and there prepared for that Purpofe) to ferve in the Local •of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, as a private Local Militia

*	r the Space of Four Years.

#	I. And be it further enaded. That every Man enrolled to Men before En-kthe Local Militia, fhall, before fuch Enrolment, be examined r^merne*-

'	A	a	4	upon	amiued urou

LjOOQLC

C. 68,

A.D.1812.

5<S2

Oath at to Refi-dence, &c refilling to be ex-mined.

PunKhment.

Perfom infurmg.

Penalty.

No Perfon balloted allowed to find Subftitute.

Volwnteen received with Confer it of Inhabitants of any Place, and » Rate eflablifhed for paying them Bounties not exceeding Two Guineas each*

SfGVO.UL

ifpon Oath before the Deputy Lieutenants, as to his Refidepct, Age and Family, and the Oath fo adminiflered to him (hall V in the Words, and according to the Form and EfFeA in the Schedule to this Adi annexed, marked (B.) ; and if any Perfon (hall refufetobefo examined, fucb Perfon may, at the Difcretion of any One or our Deputy Lieutenants or Juftices of the Peace, be imprifoned for any time not exceeding One Week, and (hall notwithftanding be liable to be enrolled to ferve in the faid Local Militia if be (hall appear to the Deputy Lieutenants or Juflices to be a fit and proper Perfon to be fo enrolled.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and alter the palling of this Ad, if any Perfon whatfoever (hall infure, or take 0? agree to take any Mouey for the Infurance of, or be any ways concerned in any Company, Society, Partnerfhip, Club or Office, for the Infurance of any Perfon or Perfons, or for the infuring or indemnifying each other againft or for the paying any Money for or towards the difchaiging of any Fine or Penalty, for any Perfon or Perfons who may be ballotted to ferve in the Local Militia, or (hall par or engage tp pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Volunteer to (me in difcharge of any County, Stewartry or Place, beyond the Sum of Two Guineas to be paid to fuch Volunteer as hereinafter dire&cd, every fuch Perfon as aforefaid (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon ballotted to ferve in the Local Militia (hall be allowed to find or provide any Snb-fiitute to ferve in his Stead ; any thing in this or any other Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That if the Herioters of any Parifh (hall, with the Confent of a Majority of the Heritors of fuch Farifh in Value, according to their valued Rent, given at a Meeting called for that Purpofe, provide and produce to the faid Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, at any Subdivifion Meeting for choofing the Local Militia Men by Ballot, any Volunteer or Volunteers, being of the fame County, Stewartry or Place, or of fome adjoining Parifh or Place, who (hall be examined and approved, as is hereinafter mentioned, fuch Volunteer or Volunteers lo examined and approved (hall be then and there fworn in and enrolled to fenre for fuch Term, and on thr fame Conditions, as is hereinbefore provided in cafe of Perfons chofen by Ballot; and the faid Deputy Lieute-nants (hall caufe only fuch Number of Perfons to be cholen by Ballot out of the Lifts returned for fuch Parilh or Place, as (hall be thea wanted to make up the whole Number to ferve for fuch Parifh or Place 5 and if any fuch Majority of Heritors in Value as aforefaid (half agree to give and (hall give to luch Volunteer or Volunteers any Sura or Sums of Money not exceeding Two Guineas each, to ferve in the Local Militia for fuch Parifh or Place, it (hall be lawful for the Heritors of fuch Parifh, being Proprietors of Lands within the Parifh to the Extent of at lead One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, appearing in the Land Tax Books of the County or Stewartry within which fuch Parifh or Place is fituated, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpofe to be called by any Two or more of fuch Heritors, upon Notice to that Effe& given from the Pulpit on any Sunday at lead Five Days previous to fuch Meeting, to affefs Sums equal to all fuch Bounties upon the Heritors within fuch Parilh, in proportion

8	to



AJXiSn.

C.68.

5^ GEO. III.	C.68.

to the lalued Rent of eTery Heritor within the Parifh, ind One Half of eraj Sum fb afiefied (hall be paid by the Tenant or Tenant* of the Land upon which the fame fhall be afiefied.

XXXV.	And be it further ena£ted, That in all cafe* in which a Ballot (ball be dire&ed under thU A& for the Local Militia, and any Perfoas between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty five Years, of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches and upwards, and fit for Military Service* and not having more than Two Children under the Age of Fourteen Years, (hall voluntarily enrol themfelves under this Act, to fine according to the Provifions of this Ad, if the Perfons fo voluntary enrolling thcmfelves (hall amount to the Number to be enrolled by Ballot under any Apportionment in any ftich Parifh, then no Ballot (hall take place in inch Parifh ; and if the Perfons fo voluntarily enrolling therafcives as aforefaid, (hall not amount to the Number re. quiied to be enrolled by Ballot in any fuch Parifh, then the Number of Periods fo voluntarily enrolling themfelves (hall be deduded from the Number required to be enrolled by Ballot, and the Remainder only (ball be ballotted for in fuch Parifh ; and all Perfons fo volun. tardy enrolling themfelves, (hall take the Oath required by this Ad to be taken by Perfons ballotted, and (hall ferve in the fame manner and under the fame Regulations, and be fubjed to the fame Provifions, as if they had been ballotted for under this Ad : Provided always, that do Seaman or Seafaring Man fhall be enrolled in the Local Militia as i Voluoteer.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded, That no Peer of this Realm, nor any Perfon being a Commiffioned Officer in the Regular Militia or in His Majesty’s other Forces, or in any one of His Majesty’s Calles or Forts, nor any Officer on the Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, oor any Non Commiffioned Officer or private Man (erring in the Regular Militia or in any of His Majefly’s other Forces, nor lay Perfon being an effedive Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, and duly returned as fuch, nor any ProfefTor nor any Perfon being a Refident Member of any of the Univerfities, nor any bernfed Clergyman, nor any Teacher licenfed within the County, Stewirtry or Place, to preach or teach in fome feparate Congrcga-boo, (not carrying on any Trade, nor exercifing any other Occupation for his Livelihood, except that of a Schoolmafter) having taken the Oaths and made and fubferibed the Declaration required by Law

the Teachers or Preachers of Congregations of diflenting Pro-tdbots, and being bona jide the Teacher of any Congregation whofc Place of Meeting (hall have been duly registered at lead Twelve Mootbs previous to the General Meeting appointed to meet in Odober for the rurpofes of this Ad; nor any Parifh Schoolmafter, nor any Confbble or other Peace Officer, not being a Special Conftable ; nor toy Seaman or Seafaring Man, nor any rerfon muftered, trained or dong Duty, or employed in any of His Majesty’s Cadies or Forts ; oor soy Man who has more than Two Children bom in Wedlock, and tbois not poffefied of an Eftate in Lands, Goods or Money, of the dear Value of Fifty Pounds Sterling, and who (hall make Oath that k is not fcifed or poflefTed of fuch Eftate, nor any Perfon receiving fa Education on an JEleemofynary Foundation, fhall be liable to ferve fi the Local Militia; and no Perfon having ferved personally in the legdsr Militia, or provided any Subftitute, or for whom any Sub-fate ik« bee® prtwded, pr paid any Fine for opt ferving or finding

a Sub.*

5*1

No Ballot IhaB take place where Perfon* (hall voluntarily enrol themfebrea.

Provifo far . Seamen.

Certain Perfons. exempt from Service.



Google

A.D. i3i2.

364 C.68. 52“ GEO. III.

Perfons enrolled in Local Militia exempt from Service in Re -gular Militia for Two Years. Perfons hereafter enrolled only exempted for Year.

Perfons exempt nevertheless liable to ferve in Regular Militia if they neglect to attend Train-in£.

Provifo for Members of

a Snbftitutc in the Regular Militia, (hall be liable to ferve in the Local Militia until Four Years after the Expiration of his Period of Service, if he fhall have ferved in Perfon, or Six Years after the Period at which fuch Subftitute fhall have been enrolled, or Four Years after having paid any fuch Fine; and that no Perfon having ferved per-fonally according to the Direftions of any former Aft or A&s relating to the Local Militia, or under this Aft, fhall be obliged to ferve again until the Expiration of Two Years; and that no Perfon having paid any Fine, or upon whom Diftrefs has been made for any Fine for not ferving in the Local Militia, fhall be liable to ferve until the Expiration of ^Two Years from the Period of having paid fuch Fine or fuf-fered fuch Diftrefs.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted, That every Officer, Non Coir.miffioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man enrolled and actually ferving in the Local Militia at the time of paffing this Aft, fhall be entitled to and have Exemption from ferving in the Regular Militia, and fhall not be liable to be ballotted to ferve in the Regular Militia for Two Years from the Expiration of their prefent Period of Service in the faid Local Militia: Provided always, that all Perfons who may hereafter be enrolled to ferve in the Local Militia (ball only be entitled to have Exemption from Service in the Regular Militia, and fhall not be liable to be ballotted to ferve in the Regular M&tia for One Year from the Expiration of their Period of Service in the faid Local Militia ; Provided always, that no Perfon fhall be entitled to claim any fuch Exemption under this Aft, who fhall not produce a Certificate figned by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment of Local Militia to which he fhall belong, or in cafe of his Removal from the County, Stewartry or Place in which he may have been originally enrolled, then by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps in which he may have been fubfequently ferving, that he attended at the laft Period of annual Training and Exercife, or that he was prevented by Illnefs or bodily Infirmity, fo certified to his Commanding Officer at the laft Period of annual Training and Exercife, or that he was abfent by Permiffion of his Commanding Qfficer.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted. That any Perfon enrolled and ferving in the Local Militia who fhall have claimed Exemption from Service in the Regular Militia, fhall neverthelefs be compellable to ferve in the Regular Militia, in cafe he fhall not afterwards attend the Periods appointed for the Training and Exercife of the Local Militia, during the Time for which he may be enrolled to ferve in fuch Local Militia, (unlefs prevented by any Infirmity incapacitating him for Service) ; and the Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia to which he may belong fhall certify fuch Abfence from Training and Exercife to the Clerk of the Subdiri-fion for which he fhall have been before ballotted to ferve in the Regular Militia, who fhall make the fame known to the Deputy Lieutenants afietnbled at their next Subdivifion Meeting, and fuch Man fhall then and there be enrolled to ferve in the Regular Militia; or if he fhall not then appear, fhall be liable to any Penalties impofed upon ballotted Perfons not appearing to be enrolled in the Reguhr Militia.

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted. That no Member of any Friendly Society, ferving or entering to ferve under this Aft, (hall

7	.	bT



C. 68,

A.D.18I2.	52*	GEO.	III.

3«5

bj fuch Service be excluded from fuch Society, or be fubjeft to the Fri«wfly Socic-

Forfeiture of any Benefit to which he may be otherwife entitled

Duder any Rules of fuch Society; or to any Fine or Penalty‘im-

poCed by fuch Society for Non-attendance; any thing in any fuch

Rules to the contrary not with (landing.

XL. And be it further enafted, That whenever any Ccrps of Allowances ta Local Militia fhall be affcmbled for the Purpofe of being trained and Wives and exercifed, or for the Suppreflion of Riots, or for the Suppreflion of fanu *** Rebellion or Invafion, all Perfons enrolled therein] who fhall join on fuch affembliag, and fhall have Families unable to fupport them-feJiw, (hall, during the Period of their being fo affembled as afore-hid, be entitled to fuch and the fame Relief to their Wives and Fa-nilies, and under fuch and the like circumftances, and fubjeft to the fame Regulations and Provifions, as the Wives and Families of Men ballotted to ferve in the Regular Militia of Great Britain are entitled to, under an A61 parted in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majesty, intitu’el An Ad for providing Relief for the Wives and Fa- 49 O* 3* C>90, vulus of the Militia Men of Scotland, when called into aftual Service ; and for that Purpofe all the Rules, Regulations and Provifions,

Powers, Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures in the lad mentioned

A it contained, (hall extend and be conftrued to extend to the giving

or refufing fuch Relief as aforefaid as fully and effectually as if the

fame were herein enabled : Provided always, that no Affeffment (hall Provif*

be made to make good the Amount of any Sums paid for fuch Relief

to inch Wives and Families under this Aa in the manner direfted by

fuch lad mentioned Aft to make good the Sums paid to the Wives

and Families of Militia Men purfuant thereto: Provided alfo, that Provifo.

whenever any Corps of Local Militia fhall be affembled for Training

and Exercife, all Perfons enrolled therein, having Families who would

be entitled to Relief if they wtre refident in fome other Place than

that in which the Regiment fhall be affembled, fhall be entitled to

Relief for their Wives and Families, notwithftanding fuch Wives and

Families may be refident in the Place where the Regiment may be

affembled.

XLI. And be it further enafted, That if through the Negleft or Deputy Lieutc-Miftake of any Con (tables, Schoolmafters or other Officers, or from maY c»uCe any other Caufe, the full Number of Men appointed for any Subdi- *^,^4 and rihons fhould not be duly enrolled at the Meeting appointed for that proceed to freffc Purpofe as before direfted, then the Deputy lieutenants at their Ballot, and may faid Meeting, or any Two or more of them, or any One Deputy adminifter Lieutenant and One J11 (lice of the Peace, may and they are hereby required immediately to caufe the Lifts to be amended, and to proceed to a fre(h Ballot, and to adjourn the Meeting, or appoint other Meetings, and repeat the amending of the Lifts as may be neceflary and expedient for carrying the Purpofes of this Aft duly and fully into Execution ; and it (hall be lawful for any One Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Peace to adminifter the Oath hereinbefore required to be taken by Perfons to ferve in the Local Militia, to any Perfon ballotted, or to any Perfon offering as a Volunteer under the Dire&ions of this Aft, fuch ballotted Man or Volunteer having been duly examined and approved as is hereinafter mentioned ; and fob Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Peace is hereby authorized todire& and require the Clerk, qf the Subdivifion for which every joch Perfon by whom the (aid Oath has been before him taken is to

ferve*

	^

3 66

C .69.

52* GEO. in.



Tentky.

Fruvifa

Tines paid to Clerk of Suhdi-fion Meeting*, and paid into Bank to Account of Agent General.

Perfon* Ha Hotted not appearing to ke enrolled, tined.

Lift of Fine** tranlmitted to Seiretaiy at

War.

Perfon* impri-foned compellable to lerve Four Years.

Perfoni claiming Exemption on Payment of 20I. or iol. to fign a Declaration of Income.

ferve, to enrol the Name of evenr fuch Perfon fo bavin g bexm <kly examined and approved as afore (aid, together with the Date of the Day on which tbt faid Oath was fo adminiftered to him, in the U1 of lucb Subdivifion.

XLII. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon ballotted to ferve in the Local Militia tinder this Aft (hall, after Notice given to him, or left at his ufual or laft Place of Abode, of hit having been fo ballotted, refufe or negleft to appear within fuch Period and at fuch Place as (hall be appointed for that Purpofe within the Subdi-vifion for which he (hall have been fo ballotted, (which times and places (hall be appointed by the Deputy Lieutenants iu their refpee-tive Subdivjfions under any Order of the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, and Notice thereof given by the SchoolmafUrs or Conftables of the feveral Parishes, by putting up the fame on the Doors of the feveral Pari(h Churches in luch County, Stewartry or Place,) and be enrolled under this Aft, and take the Oath to Serve under this Aft, fuch Perfon (hall forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds : Provided always, that if fuch Perfon (hall not have or be in the Receipt of any annual Sum of Money, Profits, Gains, Allowances or other Income whatfoever, amounting in the whole to Two hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes or Reprizes, fuch Perfon (hall forfeit only the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and if his Income (hall not amount in the whole to One hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes or Reprizes, he (hall forfeit only the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every fuch Fine (hall be paid to the Clerk of the Subdivifion Meetings, who (hall on Receipt thereof give a Certificate, without Fee or Reward, of the fame being paid, which Certificate (hall be counterfigned by fome Juftice of the Peace or Deputy Lieutenant, and (hall within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, tranfmit the feme to the Colleftor of the Cefs, who (hall within Twenty one Days after the Receipt thereof, remit the fome to the Receiver General of Scotland, who (hall, within Twenty one Days after the Receipt thereof, pay the feme into the Bank of England to a feparate Account of the Agent General for the Local Militia, for the rurpofes of the Local Militia of Great Britain, being fumiihed with a Receipt for the feme.

XLIII. And be it enafted, That a Lift of all fuch Fines (hall once in each Year, or oftener if required, be tranfmitted to the Secretary at War by the Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Stewartry, City or Place where the feme (hall be impofed, according to the Form of the Schedule marked (H.) hereunto annexed ; and a Duplicate of fuch Lift (hall at the feme time be tranfmitted to the Solicitor for Taxes in Scotland.

XLIV. And be it further enafted, That any Perfon imprifooed for the Non-payment of any Fine for not appearing to be enrolled, or for refuting to take the Oath, or for refuting or aeglefting to attend an annual Period of Training and Exercife, (hall be compellable to ferve for the full Period of Four Years after the Expiration of foch Imprifonment.

XLV. And be it further enafted. That every Perfon claiming to be exempted from Service under this Aft, upon Payment of the Fine of Twenty Pounds, or Ten Pounds, inftead of Thirty Pounds, (hall fign a Declaration that the Amount of hi* Income does not exceed

Tfft



Google

A.D.r8ii.

C.6I.

52* CEO. III.

3«f

Two hundred Pound* or One hundred Pounds as aforefaid, a* th* dfe may be, and (hall deliver the fame to the Deputy Lieutenants before whom he fhall appear to claim fuch Exemption, or produce a Certificate to the like Effect, allowed by any CommHfioners under any Ad relating to the Rates and Duties arifitig on Property, Pro-feftoas, Trades sod Offices, or to any Allowances made on any fuch Rates aod Duties* within Twelve Months previous to the Production of fuch Certificate ; and every Perfon who fhall make any falfe Filfe D«cl*r*» Deckntioo in relation to any fuch Claim, fhall forfeit and pay for "°n* fneb Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds in Addition to fach Fine. ent tjr#

XLVI. Provided aifo, and be it further enabled, That every Per- Shu* Perfon* to Id* claiming to be exempted from Service under this Aft upon Jj5B Dechratiou Payment ofFine as afore fa id, and every Perfon who fhall be liable to the Payment of any Fine under this Aft, for not appearing to be enrolled in the Local Militia, fhall be fummoned and required to appear before fome Deputy Lieutenant or Juflice of the Peace, and (hall be required by the Deputy Lieutenant before whom he fhall appear to claim fuen Exemption, or by fuch Deputy Lieutenant or Juflice of the Peace before whom he fhill be fo fummoned and repotted to appear a* aforefaid* to fign a Declaration that he hath not direfUy or indire&ly, by any Policy, Premium or Promife of any Pubcy or Premium, or by any Engagement, infured himfelf againft fuch Fine or any Part thereof, and that no Perfon or Perfons hath or hivedirrftly or indireftly, in Confiderntien of any Sum of Money or PromHe of any Sum of Money, or Gift or Reward, or for any valuible Consideration whatever, undertaken, engaged or promifed	.

io airy way to indemnify him therefrom, or from any Part thereof, ur to repay to him* or to any Perfon 01 Perfons on his Behalf, or for his Ufe, Benefit or Advantage, the faid Fine or any Part thereof; audio cafe any Perfon fo claiming to be exempt, or Io fummoned or Refuting rq fign revoked to appear a* aforefaid, fhall refufe fo to fign fuch Declaration, or making f-U* wf® to appear according to fuch Summons or Reqoifition, or fhall Declaration wake any falfe Declaration in that Behalf, every iuch Perfon fhall, ipoo Coovi&ion thereof before Two Juftice* of the Peace, forfeit Three times the Amount of fuch Fine; and in Default of Payment thereof, fhall bd confined in any Houfe of Correftion or Common Gaol for fnch County, Stewartry or Place, for any Period not ex^ ordmg Three Months, or until Payment of fuch Penalty ; and fhall Penalty, be liable perfcmaliy to ferve in the faid Local Militia for the full Term of Four Years after the Expiration of fuch Imprifonment, or' the Payment of fuch Penalty.

XLVII. And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for Deputy Lieutt-thr Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Stewartry or Place, in any may make cafe in which it (hall appear to them to be neceflary or proper, by rtifw of any Quotas of Local Militia of any Divifions of tfny County, q uom an	'

Sfewartry or Place, or of any Parifhes of any Ward or Divifion, found not to be being found by any Returns now made or which may hereafter be m Proportion to made, aot to be in Proportion to the relative Numbers of Men liable Number# k*W* to km in the Local Militia in fuch refpeftive Wards, Divifions or 10 <rve* bribes, or by reafon of any Alteration which may have taken place ache bomber of the effeftive Yeomanry and Volunteers ferving $or fob Ward* Divifion or Parifh, to make anr new Apportionmftrts, addbeitatn ard fettle any Quotas of Local Militia, as to any Ward* fcttnfions of any County, Stewartry or Place, or as to any Parifhes

in



C. 6

A.D.181I.

3<58

Mew Lifts made out if any lull.

Quakers or United Brethren, on Produ&ion of certain Certificates, not enrolled, but adjudged to pay Proportion of Fines on Per* Ions ballotted •nd not appearing.

Imprisonment.

Proviso.

Perfons having more than One Refidenct.



52* GEO. HI.

in any Ward or Divifion, by any new Apportionment as to foch Wards or Divifions, or as to the Parifhes in any Ward or Divifion, according to the relative Numbers of Men liable to ferve in the Local Militia: Provided always, that all Quotas of Local Militia which (hall have been fettled and afeertained for any Wards or Divifions, or for any Parifhes of any Ward or Divifion, ihali remain and be deemed to be the proper Quotas of fuch Wards, Divifions and Parifhes refpeftively, unlefs and until the Deputy Lieutenants (hall deem it neceflary to alter and (hall have altered the fame, and fettkd any new Quotas under this Aft

XLVIII. And be it further enafted, That if the Lift of any Parifh or Place (hall be loft or deftroyed, it fhall be lawful for the faid Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, to caufe a raw Lift in fuch Parifh or Place to be made and returned to them, at their next Subdivifion Meeting, in the fame manner as the Lift loft or deftroyed was made, and ought to have been returned to them by Direftion of the General Meeting.

XLIX. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon being one of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unit as Fratrum or United Brethren, who fhall be ballotted under this Aft, fhall produce before the Deputy Lieutenants of any Subdivifion Meeting, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants or Juftices of the Peace, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more refpeftable Housekeepers, being of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unitas Fratrum or United Brethren, and dated within Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which fuch Certificate fhall be produced as afune-faid, acknowledging fuch Perfon to be one of their Perfuafion, fuch Perfon fhall not be enrolled ; and it fhall be lawful for any fuch Deputy Lieutenants or Juftices to adjudge any fuch Perfon to pay fuch Proportion of fuch Fines as are by this Aft impofed on Perfons ballotted and not appearing, as to luch Deputy Lieutenants or Juftices may appear to be proper, according to the Situation in Life and Property of fuch Perfon 5 and the Amount of Fine fo adjudged by fuch Deputy Lieutenants or Juftices, may be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Effefts of fuch Perfon, by Warrant under their Hands (the Overplus, if any, after dedufting of reafonable Charges, being rendered to the Party) ; and if no Goods or Effefts can be found whereby the Sum fo impofed upon fuch Quaker or United Brother can be levied, and the Deputy Lieutenants or Juftices fhall neverthelefs upon Inquiry be fatisfied that fuch Quaker or United Brother is of fufficient Ability to pay fucb Fine of Ten Pounds, then it fhall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant or Juftke of the Peace, if he fhall think fit, to’cominit fuch Quaker or United Brother to Prifon, there to remain for any time not exceeding One Month, unlefs fuch Sum fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied: Prtvidci always, that no Quaker or United Brother fo committed as afbrefaid fhall be confined among Culprits.

L. And be it further enafted, That every Perfon liable to ferve in the Local Miiitia, having more than One Place of Refidence, fhall ferve for the County, Stewartry or Place, where his Name fhall bare been fir ft inferted in fuch Lift as aforefaid; and the Clerk to the Subdivifion Meeting to which fuch Lift fhall be returned fhall, if fuch Perfon requires the fame, grant a Certificate gratis under his H*ad,



AJ).iSi2.

520 GEO. III.

C. 68.

3<*9

examined and approved by

that fuch Perfon’s Name was inferted in fuch Lift, and fpecifying the

Time when fuch Lift was made and returned.

LI. And be it further ena&cd, That where any Parifh {hall lie in Perfont to ferve Two or more Counties, Stewartries or Places, the Inhabitants of in Militia of fuch Parifh (hall ferve in the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place wherein the Church belonging to fuch Parifh is fituated ; church fitu t*. and that fuch Parifh (hall, for all the Purpofe6 of this A&, be deemed Part of fuch County, Stewartry or Place.

LIJ. And be it further enadled. That no Man fhall be approved No Man en. or enroIM to ferve in the Local Militia under this Adi, either as a rolled until bcJfotted Man or Volunteer, until he (hall have been carefully ex-am.'ntrd by fome Surgeon of competent Skill, and fhall have been dc- Surjewu clarcd and reported by fuch Surgeon to be neither ruptured, lame, maimed nor afflicted with any Disorder that may render him unfit to ferve, but to be in every refpedt able and fit for Service 5 and the Deputy Lieutenants aflembled at their Subdivifion Meetings, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Mice of the Peace, fhall in all cafes before they proceed to enrol ry Mao for the Local Militia, caufe fuch Examination to be carefully made ; .and it (hall be lawful for the faid Deputy Lieutenants, or the faid Deputy Lieutenant and Juftice of the Peace, and they are hereby empowered and directed to require the Attendance of any Surgeon of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place for which any Man is to be en* rollvd, if any iuch Surgeon is within a reasonable Diftance, and can conmiieDtly be had, or other wife to require toe Attendance of any other competent Surgeon for that Purpofe ; and a reasonable Allow- Allowance t# ance, not exceeding One Guinea, fhall be made to the Surgeon per- Surgeon, forming fuch Examination, for every Day he fiiall a&ually attend for that Purpofe, and fhall be paid to him in like manner as other Allowances are dire&ed to be made and paid to Subdivifion Clerks under this Ad.

LIU.	And be it further enabled, That whenever it fhall appear to Deputy Lieute-any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieute- nant* may dif-uot and One Juftice of the Peace afiembled at any Subdivifion Meet- charge Perfons ing, that any Perfon chofen by Ballot to ferve in the Local Militia

is unable to ferve from any permanent Illnefs, Debiiity or bodily In- w oareun firmity, or is not of the full Height of Five Feet Two Inches, or 19 cot approved upon Examination by a Surgeon according to the Directions of this A6t, fuch Deputy Lieutenants or fuch Deputy Lieutenant 2nd Juftice of the Peace fhall and arc hereby empowered and required to difeharge fuch Perfon, and immediately to amend the Lift for the Place for which fuch Perfon fhall have been ballotted, and to caufe another Perfon to be chofen in his Stead, by Ballot, according to the Dire&ions of this A6L	*

LIV.	And be it further enafted. That the Deputy Lieutenants in Deputy Lieute* theirfeveral Subdivifions fhall, as foon as they fh-ii have enrolled the nmts loc,^s Number of Men required in their Subdivifion, divide the Men fo en- m*ke©ut' rolled into as many ClafTes of the Dcfcription hereinafter ^mentioned, jrTsche-

to (hall be found among fuch Men ; that is to fay, in the Firft Clafs du!e(C.)a Copy thy fhall put all the Men having no Child or Children living 5 and in Clerk of Subdi-tVSecond Clafs, all the Men not having any Child or Children living vi?on ^l1 »ranf-uwkrthe Age of Fourteen Years ; and in the Third Clafs, all .the J?1110 9,]5Jk tc Mm having any Child or Children, One of whom only fnall be under ing^he entile tered.



C. 6t.

A.D.181

Men becoming

unfit to ferve dif-charged; hut if done by Com-Bunding Officer only, confirmed by Deputy Lieutenant befiire others are bal* lotted ior.

Vacancies oc-cafioned by Death, ice. filled up by frelh Ballot.

Meetings of

Lieutenancy to fix by Ballot Order in which Subdi\ificns,icC. (hall (land as to (applying Deficiencies on Account of Appoint mettt of Perfons to be fietjeants, &f.

52* GKO. III.

the Age of Fourteen Years ; and in the lafl Clafs, all the M 01 included in any of the former Defcriptions ; and fhall forthwith out a Lift of fuch Claffcs, according to the Form in the Schec! > this A£l annexed, marked (C.), and within Three Days after i completing thereof, the Clerk of fuch SubdiviOon Meeting tranlmit to the Clerk to the General Meetings an exad and a Copy of fuch Lift, made out in fuch Form as aforefaid, to be I entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe.

LV. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any Local M ir Man, after having been fworn and enrolled, fhall become unfit hr > vice, it fhall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commaudaw Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which fuch Local Militia M belong, together with any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants. Deputy Lieutenant and One Juftice of the Peace of the O Stewartry or Place to which fuch Regiment, Battalion or C017 longs, if the faid Regiment, Battalion or Corps fhall then be the faid County, Stewartry or Place, or for the Colonel or Commandant only, if the faid Regiment, Battalion or Corps r. abfent therefrom, to difeharge fuen Local Militia Man from bis giment, Battalion or Corps; but another Man fhall not be ba1' for in the Room of fuch Local Militia Man fo difeharged, until Difeharge fhall be confirmed under the Hands of Two or morr

futy Lieutenants or One Deputy Lieutenant and One Juftice tace of the County, Stewartry or Place to which fuch Reg.’ Battalion, or Corps belongs, nflembled at any Meeting in the S vifion for which filch Local Militia Man was enrolled, or at any neral Meeting for the County, Stewartry or Place ns aforefaid LVI. And be it further enacled, That when any private M Man (ball, before the Expiration of the Term for which he feive, die, or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer Local Militia, or enter or enlift into His Majesty’s Regular Fc-a Navy or Marines, or as a Subftitute or Volunteer in the Reg litia, or be difeharged in Manner aforefaid, as unfit for Service, miffed in purfuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, the Col Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to fuch private Man fhall belong, fhall certify the Vacancy occair fuch Death, Appointment, Entering, Enliftment, Difchargew miflal, (as the cafe may be) to the Clerk to the General M«fc-who fhall forthwith tronfmit the faid Certificate to the Deputy I tenants of the Subdivifion for which fuch Private Man (hall h*w enrolled, and fuch Deputy Lieutenants fhall immediately up^ Receipt of fuch Certificate, caufe fuch Vacancy to be filled up t frefli Ballot for a Local Militia Man to ferve according to the 1 fions of this Ad ; except in fuch cafes as are in this Ad except LVII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it! lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants at any 0 Meeting, and they arc hereby required to afeertain and fix by K the Order in which the refpedive Subdivides, and Parifhesic. refpe&ive Counties, Stewartries and Places fhall (land as to tl plying any Deficiencies or Vacancies that may exift or arife therm t reafon of the Appointment of any Perfons ferving in the Local Militia of any fuch County, Stewartry or Place, to be Scijcaou or C<xj porals, and (hall immediately after the fame (hall be fo afcertainti. fixed, caufe fuch Subdivilions and Panfhes refpedively, to bcc

v^ooQle

5.j8i2.

C .68.

37i

52» GEO. III.

cb Order, in a Lift to be prepared for that Purpofe ; and fuch incies lhall be fupplied by fuch Subdivifions and Pariffies, in the tr in which they fhall have been entered in fuch Lilt as aforefaid, not by the Parifhes for which the Men fo promoted lhall have ed.

•VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any private al Militia Man lhall be appointed a Non Cominiflloned Officer or tourer in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, in Room of any Non Commiffioned Officer or Drummer reduced to Rinks, no Ballot mall take place in the Parifh or Place for which private Man fo appointed was then ferving, in confequence of Vacancy occaGoned by fuch Appointment, fo long as the Non miffioned Officer or Drummer fo reduced fhall continue to ferve cb Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That any Two or more of the Ky Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Juft ice it Peace, at their feveral Subdivifion Meetings, lhall and they ittby required to ballot for Local Militia Men, in the room of Mai Militia Men a&ually ferving, whofc Terms of Service will ebefore the Twentieth Day of November next enfuing the hold-$ fuch Subdivilion Meetings, and lhall, at a following Meeting holden as foon as conveniently may be, proceed to enrol the faid tted Men as aforefaid; and the Commanding Officer of any Rent, Battalion or Corps, is hereby empowered, from time to time, fctarge any Man or his Regiment, battalion or Corps, whofc of Service will expire before the Twentieth Day of November enfuing, and to receive any other Local Militia Man in his s who lhall have taken the Oath, and been enrolled according t Directions of this A£t ; and every fuch Man fo difeharged be entitled to the fame Immunity from further Service as it he fened his full Term.

ft. And be it further enacted. That if any Servant whatever,

I by the Year or otherwife, lhall be enrolled as a Local Militia \bf virtue of this Ad, fuch Enrolment fhall not vacate or refeind Sontraci or alter the Engagement between Inch Servant and his erorMiftrefs, ov Employer or Employers, unlefs the Local Mi-if the County, Stewartry or Place for which fuch Servant fhall wiled, lhall be embodied or called out by His Majesty,or ordered foiupurfuance of this Ad,or unlefs fuch Perfon lo enrolled, lhall ihc Service of his Mafter, Miftrefs or Employer or Employers, k Purpofe of being trained and exercifed, iu purfuance of this pud lhall not return again to the fame Service at the End of [Period cf Training and Exercife, or as foon after ;.s reafonably iftlllowiog to his Mafter, .Miftrefs or Employer or Employers, ■Keraent from his Wages in Proportion to the Duration of his petfrom his Lid Service, to be fettled by a Julhce of the Peace k-Aaoocr hereinafter mentioned ; and in every fuch cafe, w h?re fiifpute lhall arife between fuch Servaut and his Mafter or Mif-fcor Employer or Employers, touching any Sum or Sums of ky due to fuch Servant for or on Account of his Service per-jibefore the time of his Departure from Service, under the Con-Ill, of the faid Enrolment, or by being called out to join the •4 Militia in which he lhall have been fo enrolled, or touching r Abatemeot to be made by fuch Servant by rcafon of his Ab-52 Gto. III.	13	b	fence,



No Ballot for

Private appointed Non Commif-fioned Officer or Drummer in Room of One reduced to the Ranks.

At SuSdiv'fton Meetings Men ba.lotted for in room of thoie whole Terms < f Service will expire before Nov. 2C next enfuing, and l'u- h Men discharged and others received.

Enrolment of Servants lhall not vacate Contrail* with Mailers. Provifo,

Difpute touching Wages under acl. Juitice may fettle Jt, and may grant Warrant for levying Money by Dif-trds if not paid.

37*

C.68.

AD.iSk.

Two Deputy Lieutenants or Juftice may order Money agreed to>e given to Volunteer, to be paid him on Enrolment.

Local Militia permitted to inlift.

Serjeant, &c. not permitted,

ja« GEO. m.

fence, for the Purpofe of being trained and exercifed, it tell aid any be lawful, on Complaint made thereof to any Juftice of the Peace far the County, Stewartry or Place, where fuch Mafter or Miftiefe, m Employer or Employers fhall inhabit, for fuch Juftice to hearmd determine every fuch Complaint, and to examine upon Oath cwif fuch Servant, or any other Witnefs or Witneffes, touching the fane, and to make fuch Order for the Payment of fo much Wages to fad Servant in Proportion to the Service he has performed, or fuch Abatement from his Wages in Proportion to the Duration of his Abfence from his Service, in cafes where the Party {hall difagree, as the cafe may require, and as to fuch Juftice fhall feem juft and rateable,

frovided the Sum in queftion do not exceed the Sum of Twenty ’ounds ; and m cafe of Refufal or Nonpayment of aay Sums fa ordered to be paid by the Space of Seven Days next after fuch Determination, inch Juftice may and fhall iffue forth his Warrant to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Effe&s of fuch Mate or Miftrefs, or Employer or Employers, rendering the Overpka to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of fuch Ditefe and Sale.

LXI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Heritors of my Parifh fhall have engaged any Perfou to ferve as a Volunteer as aha* faid, and fuch Heritors fhall have agreed to pay to the Perfon fo cm gaged, a certain Sum for fuch Service, it fhall be lawful far Ttf Deputy Lieutenants or any One Juftice of the Peace, and they ml he are and is hereby required, after fuch Volunteer has been exaitet by a Surgeon, and approved according to the Directions of this Afjf and enrolled by the Deputy Lieutenants in purfuance thereof, to orfatf fuch Sum of Money as fhall appear to them or him to be doe to dm Volunteer fo engaged, to be immediately paid to him on fuchEantt ment, in the Prefence of fuch Deputy Lieutenants.	1

LXII. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawfol for am Perfon ballotted or enrolled to ferve, or ferving in the Local MifitS under this A6t, to enliil or enter into His Majesty’s Army, Navy til Marines, or as a Subftitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia of W fame or fome adjoining County, Stewartry or Place at any timeeM cept during fuch Portion of the Period of being affembled for fta Purpofe of annual Training and Exercife under this Ad, as HIb Majefly fhall by any Order made in that Behalf prescribe ; and the Ew Ming or Entry of every fuch Man fhall be immediately certified bj| the Officer with whom fuch Man fhall have enlifted or entered, tfe the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Locdjj Militia, from which fuch Man fhall have enlifted or entered; and al?r Vacancies arifing by any fuch enlifting or entering as aforefaid, be fupplied in Tike manner as any other Vacancies in the faid Look: Militia : Provided always, that no Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer of: ■ any Regiment of Local Militia on'permanent Pay asfnch, fhtflbl entitled to his Difcharge, or be allowed to enliA into the Amyf Navy or Marines or Regular Militia, or to engage hirafelf as a Sub* ; ftitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia at any time, whether the Regiment to which fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Drummer fhall belong, fhall be affembled for the Purpofe of annual Training and Exercife or not, unlefs with the Confent in Writing of the Comtqiodiitg Officer of his Regiment given for that Purpofe.



LXIIL p»

fill.

51 GEO. in.

CIS.

373

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing Apprentices not \ A & contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to permitted to toil* any Apprentice ballotted under this A A to inlift in the lift without , Navy, Marines, or to enter as a Subftitute or Volunteer in ^after* C00* egnlar Militia, or to enter as a Volunteer in the Local Militia, cnt* ne a Member of a Volunteer Corps to transfer himfelf into the Militia without the Confent of his Matter; provided alfo, that Sot, Enrolment and Service under this Act, fhall extend to had or in any manner to affeft any Indenture of Apprencefhip,

Mbnding any Covenant or Agreement in any fuch Indenture;

Service under this Aft of any Apprentice (hall be deemed or ed or taken to be an Abfence from Service, or a Breach erf tenant or Agreement as to any Service or Abfence from SeN 1 any Indenture of Apprenticefhip ; any thing contained in ft or Afts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, or Deed or In-fof Apprenticefhip to the contrary notwithftanding.

!V. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all Va- Vacancies filled arifing in the Local Militia by fuchjnlifting as aforefaid, or by up notwithftand-*ge, Abfence, Defertion, Death or Expiration of Service, fhall *nK Sufpenfion of lop according to the Provifions of this Aft: Provided al-	.

hat it fhall be lawful at any time before the Local Militia of lo^^direnter onty, Stewartry or Place, fhall be completed to the full until l.ocal : fpecified in this Aft as the Quota of fuch County, Stewartry Militia com. e, and alfo at any time thereafter when any Vacancies (hall pkted-fuch Local Militia, for any Perfons between the Ages of a and Thirty Five, of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches, having more than Two Children under Fourteen Years of ho (hall be approved of in the manner hereinbefore direfted.

Members of Volunteer Corps as others), voluntarily to enrol its in the Local Militia of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, g to the Provifions of this Aft, until the full Number of mired by virtue of this Aft in fuch County, Stewartry or nil be completed.

\ And be it further enafted. That in all cafes in the Execu- Lieutenants, his A ft, when any Matter or Thing is direfted to be enquired Deputies and mined into, upon the Oath of any Witnefs or Witneffes, be- Juftices, autho-Lieutenant of any County or Stewartry, or any Deputy Lieu- ritejLt0 a<,minM* n Lieutenants, or Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, any fuch ter at ** wt, Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Juftice or Juftices eace, is or are hereby authorized to adminifter fuch Oath to toefe or Witneffes; and that all other Oaths to be taken in * of this Aft, fhall and may be refpeftively adminiftered by Bfcnant or Deputy Lieutenant.

ft. And be it further enafted, That the Local Militia of the How Regiment* Btanties, Stewart ries and Places aforefaid, fhall be formed of Militia formed llpatries, which fhall not confift of more than One hundred and officered,

Ity, nor of lefs than Sixty private Men, and that to each of hfepamea there fhall be One Captain, One Lieutenant and •figs; and that where the Number of Men raifed for any jrStewartry or Place, is fufficient, the Local Militia thereof prmed into One or more Regiments, confiding of not more Wve nor of lefs than Eight fuch Companies 5 and where Jhtf of Men nrifed in any County, Stewartry or Place, is fctttta form a Regiment, the Local Militia thereof fhall be B b 2	^ formed

vjOOQ 1C

*	374

C. 68.

AJD.1811.

Provifo.

Provifo.

HisMajertymav

diredt any Nun -ber of Officers, &c. ferving in I.ocal Militia at time of patfing’ Ad, to be retained, although Number may exceed Prop, r-tion prefcribed for any Regiment, Sec.

Officers retained beyond Proportions prelcribed, to fucceed to Vacancies.

In cafes of Regiments being reduced, Officers

5 a* GEO. in.

formed into a Battalion, confiding of not more than Seven i lefs than Four fuch Companies; and where the Number of 1 railed in any County, Stewartry or Place, is not fufficieut to f Battalion of Four fuch Companies, the Local Militia thereof C formed into a Corps, confiding of not lefs than Three fuch i panies; and that the Field Officers of fuch Regiments, Batti and Corps refpedtively, (hall in no cafe exceed the refpetfive and Ranks following; that is to fay, in every Regimeut confif3 not lefs than Eight hundred private Men, One Lieutenant( Commandant, One Lieutenant Colonel and Two Majors;]' Regiment or Battalion confiding of not lefs than Four huj' eighty private Men, One Lieutenant Colonel Commaik Lieutenant Colonel and One Major ; and in every Battalion c of lefs than Four hundred and eighty private Men, One Li Colonel and One Major; and in every Corps conOding of! Companies, One Lieutenant Colonel or Major, and no other J Officer: Provided always, that no Colonel or Field Officer ] Local Militia (hall be a Captain of a Company : Provided J every Battalion confiding of Five Companies or upwards, i One Company of Grenadiers or Light Infantry, to which! Lieutenants (hall be appointed indead of One Lieutcnaut aaf Enfign ; and that every Regiment may have One Company of I diers and One Company of Light Infantry, to each of whit’ panies Two Lieutenants (hall be appointed inftead of One] nant and One Enlign s Provided alfo, that to every confiding of Ninety private Men or upwards, there may Lieutenants and One Enfign, or Three Lieutenants, as may be.

LXVII. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be W His Majelty, by any Order fignified by His Majelty’s Scci State, to direct any Number of Officers, Non Commiffioned f and Corporals, adlually ferving in any Regiment, Battalion t of Local Militia, at the time of paffing this A€t, to be l ring the Continuance of the prelent W3r, or for fo long it ring the Continuance thereof as His Majedy (ball think tit»| cers, Non Commiffioned Officers or Corporals refpedliYely I Regiments, Battalions or Corps, although by reafon thereof t ber of Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers and Corporals i of any fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, (hall exceed 1 portion of Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers and Corp fpedively prefcribed for any Regiment, Battalion or Corps < Militia, by this Adi; and all fuch Officers, Non Cobt Officers and Corporals fo retained as aforefaid, (hall be fuch Pay, Emoluments and Advantages as other Non <

Officers and Corporals refpedlively are by Law entitled thing in any Law or Adt to the contrary thereof notwithft

LXVII I. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enadled, Officers fo retained who (hall exceed tbe Proportion of < fpedlively prefcriled for any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, 1 ceed to Vacancies which may occur in fuch Regiment,

Corps refpedlively, according to their refpedlive Ranks, and I with the elded Officer of each Rank refpedlively.

LXIX. And be it further enadled, That where the Local 1 of any County, Stewartry or Place, (hall, previoudy to the pd



A.D. 1812.

C .68.

375

S2° GEO. III.

0/ this Adi, have confifted of Two or more Regiments, Battalions appointed to or Corps, aod any One or more of fucli Regiments, Battalions or “I**1 Regiments, Corps, (hall (in confequcnce of the Redudlion of the Quota of Local Militia for fuch County, Stewartry or Place under this Adi) be reduced, it (hall in every fuch cafe be lawful for His Majesty to order and dire# that any Number of Field Office!s and Officers, together with the Adjutant and Quarter Mailer, who were ferving at the time of palling this Adi, (hall and may be appointed by the Lieutenant of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, to adl as Field Officers, Officers,

Adjutant or Quarter Mailer refpedtively, in any other Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia within the faid County, Stewartry or Place, and (hall continue to ferve in any fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which they may be fo appointed, although by reafon thereof the Number of Officers in fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps may exceed the Proportion of Officers preferibed for any Regiment,

Battalion or Corps of Local Militia under this Adl ; and ail fuch Officers fo appointed and retained as aforefaid (hail be entitled to fuch Pay,

Rank, Emolument and Advantages, as other Officers of the Local Militia are entitled to, and (hall fucceed to Vacancies which may occur in fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, according to their refpec-tire Ranks, begiuning with the elicit Officer of each Rank refpec-tively; any thing in this Adi to the contrary notwithflanding.

LXX. And be it further enadted, That it (hail be lawful for His His Majesty Majesty, in any cafe in which more than One Regiment, Battalion may order or Corps of Local Militia is ordered to be raifed in any County or Counties to be Stewartry, to diredt the Lieutenant, Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of fuch County or Stewartry, to divide fuch County or Stewartry for the Purpofcs of this Adi, into fuch Number of Di-Tifioos as there are Regiments, Battalions or Corps to be raifed in fuch County, regard being had to the Number of Perfons liable to lerTe and tie Ettabli foment of each Regiment, and all other Cir-cumftances of local Convenience ; and from and after fuch wivifion each of fuch Divifions of fuch County or Stewartry (hall fupply all Vacancies arifing in the Regiments, Battalions or Corps refpedlively belonging to fuch Divifions: Provided always, that fuch Divifions and all Apportionments made in purfuance thereof may be from time to time varied or altered, as Occafion may require.

LXXI. And be it further enadled. That where the Local Militia Local Militia of of any County or Stewartry (hall not be fufficient to form Four Two or more Companies, it (hall and may be lawful for His Majesty to diredt the Counties joined Local Militia of fuch County or Stewartry to be joined to the Local	°rm

Militia of any other County or Stewartry”, in order to form a Battalion, and to be trained and exercifed in any one of fuch Counties or Stcwartries as His Majesty (hall be pleafed to diredland the different Field Officers to be hereafter appointed to any fuch Battalion (hall be appointed as follows : Where Three or more Counties,

Stewartries, Cities or Places (hall be joined together to form a Battalion, the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant (hall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry”, City or Place, furnifoing the greateft Number of private Men •> the Lieutenant Colonel (hall he appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or fhee, fumifhing the next greateft Number ; and the Major (hall be 1PP»ted by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or wee, farnilhing the Third greateft Number $ and where Two Coun-B b 3	ties*



37*

C.69.

$2* GEO. in.

AJXiStk

Provifo.

In what cafe Hit Mijefty may order Local MU litia to be formed, &c.

In what cafe County Lieutenant may a£l u Commandant of Local Militia.

Local Militia Officers accepting Com million* of fame Rank in any other Regiment how to rank*

When Commandant abfemfiom G. R, His Majesty may direct Officer next in Command to a&, who (hall he veftid with fame Powers 111 Commandant lhall return and notify Arrival.

ties, Stewartries, Cities or Places only (hall be joined together : form a Battalion, then and in fuch cafe the Lieutenant C * Commandant and the Major (hall be appointed by the Lieute the County, Stewartry, City or Place furnifhing the greased F' and the Lieutenant Colonel (hall be appointed Dy the Laetib the County, Stewartry, City or Place, furniftung the (mailed ] ber: Provided always, that where any County, Stewartry, C Place, (hall not furnifh Men fufficient to form a Company, the tenant of fuch County, Stewartry, City or Place (kail not any of the Field Officers.

LXXII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lai His Majesty in every cafe for which no fpecial Provifioo is i this Ad, to caufe the Local Militia of any Couaty, Stew Place, to be formed and regulated in fuch manner as to His ]

(hall feem meet, in regard to the Number of Regiments, Ba Corps, conforming in every cafe, as near as the ProporboM oil will admit, to the Eftablifhment with refped to Regiments, f talions, Corps and Companies, in this Ad particularly aireded.

LXXIII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be faisrfi the Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry or Place, to ad as ( mandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Mfl“ ‘ fuch County, Stewartry or Place, for and during fuch tune ast (hall not he any Commandant appointed to fuch Regiment, T or Corps; and where the Lieutenant of any County, Stei Place, (hall take the Command of any Local Militia of the! County, Stewartry or Place, fuch Lieutenant (hall be eat * the Rank of Colonel, but (hall not receive any higher Pay \ of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant: Provided always, that i tenant of any County, Stewartry or Place, (hall ad as Corns of more than One Regiment, Battalion or Corps, at One tin cepting in thofe cafes m which fuch Lieutenant may have ti— his Services to the Local Militia as Commandant of more t Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers.

LXXIV. And be it further enaded, That every Officer < Local Militia Regiment, Battalion or Corps, being duly qu who may have accepted or (hall accept a Commiffion or Apj of the fame Rank in any other Local Militia Regiment, or Corps, and (hall thereby vacate his former Commiffiun, (haftj tinue to rank in the general Service according to the Date Commiffion or Appointment of the fame Rank in the Local f fo vacated as aforelakf.

LXXV. And be it further enaded. That when any Co other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of ] Militia, (hall be abfent from Great Britain, and until he (hall i to Great Britain, and (hall have notified his Arrival to the ( the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place to which fuch ment, Battalion or Corps, (hall belong, and to the Commanding ( cer and Adjutant theieof, it (hall he lawful for His Majesty, by 1" rant under his Sign Manual, to dind and order that the Officer io Command, who (hall be redding in Great Britain, (hall in dll ad and ferve as the Commandaut of fuch Regiment, Batt “ Corps; and all Powers and Authorities which might have ' erciicd by fuch Colonel or other Commandant, fo abfent as atoMlli while reddent in Great Britain, (halt be veiled in aad eaerrifcd by

the



AJhJu.

C#68<

37?

p# GEO. HI.

tk Oficer aext ia Command in fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who (hall be refident in Great Britain, and from and after iAiring the hid Warrant as afore laid, 'all Matters and Things which ought to be tranCi&ed and done by any other Perlon or Perfops with fuch Colonel or other Commandant whilft refident in Great Britain, lhaU be traafa&ed and done during the time aforefaid, with fuch Officer fo next ia Command as aforefaid, who (hall be refiding in Great Britain / and all Money directed to be ifiued or paid to or to the Order of fuch Coload or other Commandant for the Ufe of fuch Regiment, Battalias or Corps, fhall be ifiiied and paid to or to the Order of fuch Oficer neat in Command as aforefaid ; and all A da. Matters and Things, done by and with fuch Officer fo next in Command as afore-(ad, during the time aforefaid, which are or lhaU be authorized or required to be done by or with fuch Colonel or other Commandant when in Great Britain, (hall be as good and valid as if done by or wkh fuch Colonel or other Commandant; and during the Abfence from Great Britain of the Colonel or other Commandant of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and until he (hall return to Great Britain, aod notify his Arrival as aforefaid, the Officer next in Command in {uch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who (hall be refiding in Great Britain, (hall appoint the Quarter Mailer to foch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in the fame manner as fuch Colonel or other Commandant {night have done: Provided always, that fuch Officer fo next in Command as aforefaid, who fhall affume the Powers fo given to him at aforefaid, in confluence of the Abfence from Great Britain of his Colonel or other Commandant, (hall, within Seven Days after he (hall aflame any fuch Powers, notify the Abfence from Great Britain of fuch Colonel or other Commandant to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewaitry or Place, and alfo to the Secretary at War: Provided alio, that if any fuch Colonel or other Commandant as aforefaid fhall hare given any Orders for Clothibg or other Neceflaries, or for Ac-costrements, which ought to be provided for the Ufe of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in due Courfe, or in pursuance of any Order by proper Authority, and if before fuch Orders fhall be completed, or after the fame fhall be completed, sod before the Money (hall be ifiued for the fame, fuch Colonel or other Commandant (hall leave Great Britan, the Orders fo given by fuch Colonel or other Commandant M neverthelefs be completed, and the Money to be ifiued in refpedt thereof (Hall be paid to the Order of fuch Colonel or other Com-nasdsat, notwithstanding his Abfence from Great Britain as aforefaid$ aad in Hkt manner if any Officer fo next in Command as aforefaid OuU, in confequence of the Abfence from Great Britain of his Colonel or other Commandant, aod under the Authorities given to him as aforefaid, give any Orders for Clothing or other Neceflaries, or for Accoutrements, which ought to be provided for the Ufe of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in due Courfe, or in purfuance of any Order by proper Authority, and before fuch Orders (hall be com-phted, or after the fame (ball be completed, and before the Money which ought to be ifiued (hall be ifiued for the fame, the Colonel or other Commandant (hall return to Great Britain, and notify his Ar-nul u aforefaid, the Orders fo given by fuch Officer fo next in Csmaaod as aforefaid (hall be completed, and the Money to be ifiued ia \dpft thereof (hail be paid to the Order of fuch Officer, not-B b 4	withstanding

Officer neit in Command (hall within Seven Days after af-fuming Command, notify Abfence of Commandant to County

Lieutenant, &c. Orders given by Commandant for Clothing, See. completed and Money paid, though he may leave G. B.; as lhaU Orders given by Officer next in Command during Abfence of Commandant, though he may return.

v^ooQle

37»

C.68.	52°GEO.	HI.	A.D.1812

withftanding the Return of fuch Colonel or other Commandant as

aforefaid.

His Majefly to LXXVI. And be it further enabled, That His Majefly may and appoint Adju- fhall appoir/t One proper Perfon, who {hall have ferved in fomeof t.ints from Army pjjs Majesty’s other Forces, or in the Militia while embodied, for (lull prcfervc ° ^e Term of Five Years at the lead, to be an Adjutant to each Re-Rank in Army, gimcnt, Battalion and Corps of Local Militia; and fuch Adjutant, and may be ap- if appointed out of His Majeity’s other Forces, fhall, during bis Sc?-pointed to Rank vjce \n the Loca] Militia, preferve his Rank in the Army in the fame f ive YearsSer- manner as ^ he had continued in that Service ; and it fhall be lawful vice, though not ^or *he Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry or Place, on the Requalified.	commendation of the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment,

Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, raifed within fuch County, Stewartry or Place, to appoint the Adjutant of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to ferve with the Rank of Captain, provided foch Adjutant fhall have ferved Five Years as a Commiflioned Officer ia the Regular or Local Militia while embodied, or in His Majesty*s other Forces, or as an Adjutant in the Volunteers, although fuch Adjutant may not have the Qualification required by this A& for Captains: Provided always, that no fuch Appointment to the Rank of Captain fhall be valid, unlefs in the Inflrument granting the fame it be fpecified in what Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Militia while embodied, or of His Majefly's other Forces, fuch Adjutant hath ferved, and what was or were the Date or Dates of his Corn-No Adjutant fo million or Commifiions : Provided alfo, that no Adjutant fo appointed appointed to to ferve with the Rank of Captain fhall, by virtue of the Date of i^lUorn^Tnd n ^uch Appointment as aforefaid, or otherwife, be entitled to rank Captain ot above or to command any Captain of a Company in the Local Mi-Company, or be Htia : Provided alfo, that no fuch Adjutant fhall, by reafon of any entitled to great- fuch Appointment as aforefaid, be entitled to receive any greater or er Pay than other Pay or Allowances than thofe of Adjutant.

Adjutant.	LXXVII.	And	be it further enaAed, That in every Regiment

To Co;ps of not Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, confiding of not lefs than Two Com^ani-s Sur Companies, it fhall be lawful for the Lieutenant of fuch County, geon appointed, Stewartry or Place, with the Approbation of His Majefly, to appoint *e.	One fit and proper Perfon, who fhall have paffed an Examination it

Surgeons Hall, or at the College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, and received his Certificate accordingly, to be Surgeon of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps ; and every fuch Appointment fhall recite the Certificate of the Perfon fo appointed, and an attefled Copy thereof (hall be tranfmitted to and kept by the Clerk of the General Meetings; and every fuch Surgeon fhall, while the Local Militia to which he fhall belong are diiembodied, receive Fifteen Shillings per Day for every Day of his Attendance during any Exercife ot fuch Local Militia under this A&, and One Guinea for every Day that he (hall attend the Enrolments at the Subaivifion Meetings; fuch laft mentioned Attendances being certified by any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants of fuch Subdivifion Meeting to the Colle&or of the County, Stewartry or Place, to which fuch Local Militia fhall be-In what cafe long 5 an(^ every fuch Surgeon fo appointed as aforefaid fhall, during Surgeons to re- the time of the Local Militia to which he fhall belong being em-ceiv * Pay and	bodied, receive the Pay and Allowance of a Surgeon of Infantry

Allow.n:c of	jn Majesty's other Forces, and be fubje& to the like Rules,

fMuy°butnot Reftri&ions and Dire&ions in every refped, as far as the fame may

•V '	*



AD.i8i2.

C.68.

379

520 GEO. III.

Inapplicable; and it (ball be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, to hold other Stewart nr or Place, to which fuch Regiment or Battalion (hall be- Commiflion. Inrg, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant thereof, to give to fuch Surgeon a Commiflion as Lieutenant or Eniign in fuch Regiment or Battalion ; but no fuch Surgeon (hall be capable of receiving any Pay in refpeft of any fuch Commiflion in luch Local Militia, during the time of his being fuch Surgeon as aforefaid.

LXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for Quarter Mailer the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or *i; omted, but Corps of Local Militia, with the Approbation of His Majeily, to n<^ hoW appoint one fit and proper Perfon to be the Quarter Matter of any fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps refpe&ively ; and it (hall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, for which fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps (hall belong, on the Recommendation of the Colonel thereof, to appoint fuch Quarter Matter to ferve with the Rank of Lieutenant or Enfign, although fuch Quarter Matter may not have the Qualification required by this A& for Lieutenants or Enfigns refpedively : Provided always, that fuch Quarter Matter (hall not be capable of holding any Commiflion, or receiving any Pay in refpeft of any Commiflion in any Company in the Local Militia, during the time of his being fuch Quarter Matter as aforefaid.

LXXIX. And be it further enac ted, That no Adjutant, Surgeon No Adjutant, or Quarter Matter in the Local Militia, (hall ^e capable of being ap- *c* appointed pointed Captain of a Company, nor {hall any Perfon holding the	ofnor

Commiflion of Captain of a Company be capable of being appointed any Caplin Adjutant, Surgeon or Quarter Matter of Local Militia.	appointed Ad-

LXXX. And be it further ena&ed, That no Officer who is en- jutant.&c. titled to Half Pay fhall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit fuch Half Pay Offi-Half Pay, during the time he (hall ferve as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, Enfign, Adjutant, Quarter 0n taking follow-Matter or Surgeon in the Local Militia, but that the lame (hall never- mg tbelefs continue; and inftead of the Oath ufually required of Half Pay Officers to entitle them to the Receipt of their Half Pay, every luch Officer fo entitled to Half Pay and ferving as aforefaid (hall

take the following Oath :

*	| A. B. do fwear, that I had not, between the	Oath.

‘	and	the	any Place or

*	Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, be

1 Odes my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced	in

*	late	Regiment	of	fave	and

' except my Pay as [Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain,

* Lieutenant, Enfign, Adjutant, Quarter Matter or Surgeon, as the ‘ cafe may be\% for lerving in the Local Militia.*

And the taking of the faid Oath, (hall, without taking any other Oath, be fufficient to entitle fuch Perfon to receive his Half Pay.

LXXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That Serjeants, Corporals Proportion* of and Drummers {hall be appointed to the Local Militia, in the fol- Non Commif-lowing Proportions ; that is to fay, there {hall be One Serjeant and officer,ani One Corporal to every Twenty Private Men ; and there {hall be Two Drummcr*’ Drummers to every Company, with an Addition of One Drummer fa each Hank Company of Regiments or Battalions confitting of Fire or more Companies as aforefaid $ and all Serjeants, Corporals

and



3®*

C.68.

$2* GEO. ni.

A~D.lt 12.

Oath to be taken by Non Comm if-fioo Officcn and Drummer* •n Permanent Pa7.

Serjeant Major* and Drum Majors appointed, but no Publican (hall ferve at Serjeant, Ac.

Commandant* may difeharge Serjeants, Sec. and appoint others.

ExtraDrummert kept as Fifersor Muficians, at Expence of Regiment.

and Drummers, not being retained on permanent Pay at Head Quarters in the manner hereinafter dire&ed, (hall take the Oath heraa* before direded to be taken by Perfons chofen by Ballot to ferve ia the Local Militia ; and that all Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers* who may have confented or been engaged to remain on permanent Pay at Head Quarters as hereinafter dire&ed, (hall take the following Oath ; that ia to fay,

*	T A. B. do fincerely promife and fwear, That I will be true and

*	faithful, and hear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George,

*	and that I will faithfully ferve in the Local Militia within Great 1 Britain, for the Defence of the fame, until I (hall be legally dif-< charged.*

And all fuch Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, receiving permanent Pay as fuch from any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, (hail be deemed to be engaged, and (hall be compellable to ferve in fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, until they (hall be legally discharged, and when not in a&ual Service (hall be new clothed once in Two Years : And the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps, confiding of Two or more Companies, may appoint a Serjeant Major, and the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps, confiding of Three or more Companies, may appoint a Drum Major: Provided always, that no Perfon who (hall keep any Houfe of publick Entertainment, or who (hall fell any Ale or Wine, or any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail, dull be capable of being appointed, or of ferving or receiving permanent Pay as an Adjutant, Quarter Mader, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Cop* poral, Drum Major, or Drummer in the Local Militia.

LXXXII. And be it further ena&ed, That any Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer whether upon permanent Pay, or otherwife, may be difeharged by the Colonel or other Commandant, and the laid Colonel or other Commandant may appoint any proper Perfon in the Room of every Seijeant, Corporal andDrummer, who (hall die, defat, be difrnifTcd or discharged, all which Seijeants, Corporals and Drummers, to appointed, (hall take the like Oath as is berenbefore re* quired to be taken by Seijeants, Corporals and Drummers respectively.

LXXXII I. And be it further ena&ed. That in cafe His Majesty’1 Lieutenant for any County, Stewartry or Place, or the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, (hall be defirous of keeping up a greater Number of Drummers than is herein dire&ed to be employed as Fifers or Muficians for the Ufe of any fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and (hall be willing to defray tne Expence of fuch additional Drummers, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Lieutenant or Colonel, or other Commandant, to retain in their refpedive Regiments, Battalions or Corps, any Number of the Drummers employed or to be employed as Fifcn or Muficians therein, over and above tbe Number eftablifhed by this Ad, or at any time hereafter to engage any additional Number of Drummers to ad as Fifers or Muficians in their refpedive Regiments, Battalions or Corps ; and all fuch Drummers lb retained or ia future engaged to ferve in any fuch Corps as Fifers or Muficians, (hall be deemed Drummers of Local Militia within tbe Meaning of this Ad to all Intent! and Purpofes whatfotver, and fhall be fubjed

to



Google

&.XXiSia.

5a* GEO. in.

c:«s.

s*«

0	tie fane Order*, Regulations, Penalties and Ptmilhmente as other

)nunmen of Local Militia are by this A ft fubjeft, and (hall continue

1	ferve as Drummers fo long as they (hall receive the fame Pay and lotbk ther Drummers have, or better Clothing ia lieu thereof, ad no

LX . And be it further enafted, That the faid Local Militia Load MiBtU vhen drawn oat and embodied (hall be entitled to the fame Pay and w^*[ fUlowancft, for themfelves and Families, according to their refpec- p* &Vai the Ranks, as His Majesty’s other Militia Forces when drawn out R^ida- Militia, sod embodied.

LXXXV And be it farther enabled, That every Perfon enrolled Local Militia to (erve in the Local Militia under this Aft (hall, upon being aflem- entitled to AL bled for Training and Exercife under this Aft, be entitled to a Sum 19win“ .for »t exceeding Ten Shillings and Six pence for the Firft Year of his Nece"an••• Smite, and Five Shillings and Three pence for each fucceeding Year of Service, to be paid to the Captain commanding the Company to which fuch Man (hall belong, for the Purpofe of providing and teepiog up fuch Neceflaries for fuch Perfon as may be fpecined in my Order from His Majesty’s Secretary of State to that Eneft ; and ifl fuch Sums of Money (hall, at the Conclufion of each Period of Exerdfe or Service as aforefaid, be accounted for, by the Captain commanding each Company, to the Quarter Mailer of the Regiment,

Battalion or Corps to which fuch Captain fhall belong ; and the Re-fidue, if any, paid to fuch Quarter Mailer, who (hall account for the feme to the Secretary at War: Provided always, that no Perfon (hall Provifo. he entitled to receive any Allowance for Neceflaries, who (hall not haw been prefent during the whole of the Period of Annual Exercife.

LXXXVI. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for His Majesty may Hk Majesty to put the Local Militia enrolled under this Aft, when afanbled for Training or Exercife'in time of War, or when embodied ^ at hereinafter mentioned, in like manner as the Regular Militia when officers; embodied, under the Command of fuch General Officers of his Re-	*

gular Forces, as His Majesty (hall pleafe to appoint; any thing in this Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXXVI1. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for tnd may order His Majesty to order and direft that the Local Militia to be raifed it to be called under this Aft, fhall be called out within their refpeftive Counties out yetrlyto bo or Stewartriesin each Year, at fuch times, in fuch manner, and in fuch tramed* Proportions, and under fuch Regulations as His Majesty fhall direft in that behalf, for the Purpofe of being trained and exercifed, regard

being had to the local Circumftances of each County and Stewartry, and to the Seafons mod important to the Courfe of Induftry and Cokbation within the fame; and the Periods and Places for fuch Esercife (hall be appointed by the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieu tenon of the feveral Counties and Stewartries with the Approbation of His Majesty : Provided always, that no Local Militia Men under Men not trained this Aft (hall be trained or exercifed any greater Number of Days for more than 28 in the whole in each Year than Twenty eight entire Days, cxdufive Day*“* * Year, ef Days of arriving at and Departure from and marching to and from f°r be ?r^cred the Place appointed for Exercife (for which extra Days the Pay and County in which Stbfiftence allowed to His Majesty’s Forces on March (hall be al- enrolled, lowed] 5 and no fuch Local Militia fhall be ordered to march for fuch Tnnag aad Exercife out of the County or Stewartry within which

any



382

In what cafe Local Militia may Sc marched into .<dj >!ning County.

His Mnjeflymay difrrifs any Part of Inch Militia Men, and dif-continue Training, &c.

Men may remove from one County to another ;

Penalty.

C .68.	52°GEO.IIL	A.D.1812-

any fuch Local Militia fhall have been enrolled, unlefs as hereinafter

dire&ed

LXXXVIII. Ana be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for H s Majelly by any Older notified by his Secretary of State, upon the Application of the Lieutenant of any County or Stewartry ie which the principal Town or Towns of fuch County or Stewartry (hall not aff >rd fufficient Accommodation for the Quartering of the Local Militia of the County or Stewartry, during the Training aod Exercifiug of fuch Local Militia, or in any cafe in which it may be more convenient with refpedl to the Refidence of the Perfons enrolled in fuch Local Militia, and to the Diftance which fuch Perfons may have to march for the Purpofe of being trained and exercifed, to authorize and allow, and to order the Local Militia of fuch County or Stewartry, or any Regiments or Regiment thereof, or any Detachment or Company of any fuch Regiment, to be marched into any adjoining County or Stewartry, for the Purpofe of training and ex-ercifing ; any thing in this Adi to the contrary notwithftanding.

, LXXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That when the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry, City or Place, (hall have been to called out for the Purpofe of being trained and exercifed, it (hall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order of His Principal Secretary e/ State, at any time that he may think fit, to order and dire^l any Pa t or Proportion of fuch Local Militia to be difmifled, and its Exercit? to be difeontinued ; and from time to time again to diredl the afletn-bling of any fuch Local Militia, or any Part or Proportion thereof, for the Purpofe of being trained and exercifed, as to His Majesty may feem neceflary, according to the Rules and Provifions in this Ax contained.

XC. And be it further cna&ed, That in cafe any Perfon enrolled to ferve as a Private in the Local Militia under this Adi (hall be de-firous of removing from one County, Stewartry or Place, to another County, Stewartry or Place, at any time or times during the Period of his Service, it (hall be lawful for him fo to do, upon giving Notic? in Writing to his Commanding Officer, who (hall certify the fame to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or the Clerk of the Lieutenancy of the County, Stewartry or Place to which fuch Local MiJitu Man intends to remove; and every fuch Local Militia Man fo removing, (hall be received into the Local Militia of the County, Stem-artry or Place, if there be any Local Militia enrolled in fuch County, Stewartry or Place ; and if not, into the Local Militia of fome adjoining County, Stewartry or Place, to that to which be (hail hare removed, and (hall continue to ferve therein for the Remainder of the Term for which he (hall have been enrolled ; and every fuch Local Militia Man wrho (hall not prefent himfelf to the Deputy Lieutenants of fome Subdivifion in fuch County, Stewartry or Place, or fuch adjoining County, Stew’artry or Place as aforefaid, for the Pur-pofe of being enrolled in the Local Militia thereof, and who (hall not tranfmit to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from which he (hall have removed, within One Month after the Expiration of fuch Annual Training, a Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps into which he may have been received, of his having been duly trained and exercifed in fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, (hall forfeit double the Sum 'which fuch Perfon would have forfeited if he had not appeared to be

trained

v^ooQle

A.JXi3i2.

52* GEO. III.

C.68.

383

trained and exercifed in the Local Militia in which he was ballotted .snder this A& ; and every Perfon who (hall again remove, or who dhall proceed to any other County, Stewartry or Place, than that of which he (hall have firil given Notice, (hall in like manner again give Notice, and tranfmit Certificates as aforefaid : Provided always, that bot nof dtiring it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon enrolled to ferve as a Local Mi- Period of litia Man, to remove from one County, Stewartry or Place, to another Training.

County, Stewartry or Place, during the time that the Regiment to which be belongs (hall be affembled, without having firft obtained the Confect of his Commanding Officer expreffed in Writing.

XC1. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it (hall be LoH Lieute-lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or for the Vice Lieutenant of any nant, Sec. mar County, Stewartry or Place, or for the Sheriff of any County, or cjII out Local Stewart of any Stewartry, or, in the Abfence of the Lord Lieutenant	f°r

awl Vice Lieutenant and Sheriff of any County, Stewartry or Place, Mennot0*** for any Two Juilices of the Peace, and One Deputy Lieutenant, to appearing, call out and affemble the Local Militia, or any Part of the Local Mi- Penalty, litia of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, for the Suppreffion of any Riot or Tumults in fuch County, Stewartry or Place, or in any adjoining County, Stewartry or Place ; and every Perfon then enrolled in the Local Militia fo called out as aforefaid, who (hall not appear tad join his Regiment, within fuch time and at fuch Place as (hall be fpecified in any Notice or Notices put upon the Door of his Parilh Church, or otherwife publicly given, (hall be fubjedt to the fame Penalties and Forfeitures as are contained in this Adi, for not appearing when tiie Local Miiiiia (hall be aflembled for Training and Eiercife : Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for any Jullice or Deputy Lieutenant to remit the Whole or any Part of any Fine or Penalty incurred for not appearing, upon Proof that the Perfon not appearing was prevented by Abfence or any unavoidable Caufe from receding fuch Notice, or appearing as aforefaid ; and all fuch Local When fo called Militia, when fo called out and aflembled on fuch Service as aforefaid, out, deemed (hall be deemed to be affembled for Training and Exercife under this aTembled for Ad; and all Provifions relating to the Local Militia when aflembled 1 rawing, amd for Training and Exercife (hall apply to the Local Militia called out secretary of # upon fuch Service as aforefaid, and all Days of luch Service (hall be Stite; but not deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercife under this A6t: kept fo a(T«m-Provided always, that when any Local Militia (hall be fo called out mor? t|^n as aforefaid, the fame (hall be immediately notified to One of His ^®^aysm°ne Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, for His Majesty’s Approbation thereof: Provided alfo, That no fuch Local Militia (hall be liable to be kept affembled upon any fuch Service for any longer Period than Twenty eight Days in any One Year ; and if any fuch Service (hall arife after any fuch Local Militia (hall have been trained and exercifed for the full Period of Twenty eight Days in fuch Year, then and in fuch cafe the Days of fuch Service (hall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercifing of the fucceeding Year.

XCII. And b? it further enadted, That any Perfon able and fit Serjeants of to ferve, being a Serjeant on the Eilablifliment of Chelfea Hofpital, kJhvlfea Hofpital or being an Out Petitioner on the Eftabliffiment of the laid Hofpital, and being appointed to ferve as a Seijeant in the Local Militia, may ce^AlUw- ** and (hall receive the Allowance to which he is entitled on the Efta- antes therefrom, bliibment of the faid Hofpital, together with his Pay from the faid together with local Militia: and any Perlon who (hall have faithfully ferved on Pjy wDocal

Per- MUmiu



3*4

Serjetntt, Sec. having (Served in Local Militia oo Years may receive Chelfea Peofion.

During time of Exercife, Mutiny-Ad and Article! of War how far in force.

Officer commanding Divifion of Local Militia

called out to Exercife, not

may order Courts Martial to be held, and Commandant of Regiment on Application,

(hall order (\if-ficent Number of Officers to attend, but Sentence fubmitted to Commandant*

C.6S.

GEO. m.

A.D.IIA

Permanent Pay a« a 8eijeant, Corporal or Drummer, in the Militia for Twenty Years, or any Period who having previoufl as a Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man in the : Army, or at a 8erjeant, Corporal or Drummer in the Regular 1 (hall by Service in the Local Militia make up on the who)*] Period of Twenty Years Service in the Army, Militia, and I Militia taken together, and who (haU be difeharged on Ac Age or Infirmity, (hall, on the Recommendation of the C other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corpa to 1 belongs, and the Lieutenant, or Two or more Deputy Lie of the County, Stewartry or Place to which the faid Reg' talion or Corps belongs, or (on the Death or Removal, or I Abfence of the faid Lieutenant) on the Recommendatioa 1 Colonel or other Commandant, and Three or more Deputy ~ nants of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, be entitled to Exan at the Chelfea Board, and be capable of being placed on the £1 ment of the faid Hofpital at the Penfion of Five pence per 7 the faid Board fhouldjudge him deferving thereof.

XCIII. And be it further ena&ed. That, during fuch tknei Local Militia (hall be afTembled for the Purpofe of being tr exercifed, or for the Suppreffion of any Riot or Tumult as ; faid, all the Claufes, Provifions, Matters and Things contained U Ad of Parliament which (hall then be in force for the pn Mutiny and Defertion 5 and for the better Payment of the An their Qu*rters, and in the Articles of War made in purfuance <_ A6t, (hall be in force with refped to fuch Local Militia, aod( the Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and priv of the fame, in all cafes whatsoever, but fo that no Punifhm extend to Life or Limb ; and that it (hall be lawful for the < commanding and prefent with any Detachment or Divifion of 1 Militia called out to Exercife under any of the Provifions d Ad, not being under the Rank of Captain, to order, when he| think it necenanr, a Regimental Court Martial to be held Trial of any Offence committed by any Serjeant, Corporal, mer or private Man, under and during his Command; and iJf cient Number of Officers (hall not be prefent to conftitute fach <j Martial, it (hall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the] giment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, to which any fadl| tachment or Divirion of Local Militia (hall belong, and be is f required, upon Application made to him by the Officer con ing fuch Detachment or Divifion for that Purpofe, to order a I cient Number of Officers of proper Rank to attend for the Pw of affifting at fuch Court Martial, who (hall forthwith attend the i and affift as Members thereof; and the Sentence of every fuch C Martial (hall in every cafe be fubmitted to the Colonel or other ( mandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which fuch F ment Of Divifion (hall belong, or (in his Abfence from the < Stewartry or Place) to the Senior Field Officer within the fan Ms Approval thereof, who (hall caufe fuch Sentence to be J Execution, mitigated or remitted, as he (hall in his Difcretion \ toeft for the Service ; Provided always, that every fuch Court M which may have been affembled for the Trial of any Offender as l laid, daring the Period of any Regiment, Battalion Or Corps, I _ nflombM for Training and Exercife, or for the Suppreffion of RiojEj

10



Google

Ilia.

C.68-

5a* GEO. III.

malts, may continue to fit, notwitbftanding the Difmiflal of the lent, Battalion or Corps, to which the Members compofing the Martial may belong.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Officer, Non Com-sed Officer and private Man of the Local Militia, who (hall I the Period of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he Kbog being embodied or affembled for Training and Exercife, 'the Suppreffion of Riots and Tumults, have been guilty of fence againft any A6t of Parliament in force for the Punifhment tt»y and Defertion, or any Articles of War made in purfuance f fuch A&, and fhall have been put under Arreft for, for fhall ecu reported to any Officer of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, e committed fuch Offence before the Difembodying or Dif-of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, may be tried by any al or Regimental Court Martial confiding of Officers of the l or Local Militia, and if found guilty may be punifhed for fuch *, although the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which fuch r, Non Commiffioned Officer or private Man fhall belong, fhall w be embodied or affembled, in like manner as any Officer, at, Corporal or Drummer, or private Man of the Local Militia t tried during the Period of the Local Militia being embodied.

V.	And be it further enaded, That Notices of the Times and of Exercife of the Local Militia Men to be raifed by virtue of & fhall, by Order of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or i Abfence of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant) of any Three y Lieutenants, be fent by the Clerk of the General Meetings Clerks of the feveral Subdivifion Meetings in the refpedive its, Stewartries and Places; and fhall be advertifed Three times

County or Stewartry Paper, or if any County or Stewartry »re no Paper, then in iome Newfpaper publifhed in Edinburgh ; e laid Deputy Lieutenants, at fome Subdivifion Meeting to be n carrying this Ad into Execution, after the Receipt of the otices, (hall caufe the Men ferving for fuch Subdivifion to be out in fuch Order and Courfe as fhall have been notified by the of the General Meetings as aforefaid, and for that Purpofe hie Orders directing the Scboohnaftere, Conftables and other r» within their refpe&hre Divifions and Parifhes, which School-*, Conftables and other Officers fhall caufe fuch Notice as afore->jbf affixed on the Door of the Churches or Chapels belonging tr refpedive Parifhes or Places, or (if any Place fhall have no k or Chapel belonging thereto) on tne Door of the Church or i of fome Parifh or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice fo fed or affixed as aforefaid, fhall be deemed'a fufficient Notice to Perfon enrolled by virtue of this Ad, notwithftandmg any ins in the Delivery of written Notices in manner hereinafter M; and fuch Schoolmafters, Conftables and other Officers, are J required alfo to give Notice in Writing to the feveral Local i Men who fhall be called out to be trained and exercifed at IWt and Places refpedively, by ferving them perfonally, or by * the fame at their uiual Place of Abode, to attend at the Time woe mentioned in fuch Order ; and all fuch Local Militia Men My attend at the Time and Place of Exercife according to fuch •httfpedively.

XCVL And

3*5

Offences committed during Training tried afterwards.

Notices ofTassi and Places of Exercife lent to Subdivifion Meetings, who (hall iffue Orders for calling out Men ; Notices advertifed and affixed on Church Doors, fufficient.

Conftables to give written Notices to Med to attend.



386

C. 68.

Clerks of Sub-divifion Meetings to lend Lills of Men enrolled, and the time and Place of Kxer-cife, to Commanding Officers, fcc.

When Pay of Men called out to Exercife to tommence.

I.OC.d Militia Man falling Tick on March how relieved.

Magiftrates may b’Uet Local Militia when called out to annual Exercife, and when not embodied may order Lodgings, &c. for Non Com-sniflioned Officers and Drummers.

520 GEO. III.	A.D.1812.

XCVI. And be it further ena&ed, That the Clerks of the federal

SubdiviGon Meetings in every County, Stewartry or Place {hall, within the Space of Ten Days after the Receipt of fuch Notices m aforefaid, from the Clerk of the General Meetings, caufe a full and true Lift, fpecifying the Name and Date of the Enrolment of all the Perfons enrolled (within each SubdiviGon refpe&ively ) to ferve ii filch Local Militia, and the Time and Place of Exercife to be transmitted to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, for which fuch Perfons have been enrolled by virtue of this Adt, or to fuch Perfon as (hall be appointed by fuck Commanding Officer to receive the fame, and (ball in like manner caufe a Duplicate of fuch Lift to be tranfmitted to the Adjutant of the faid Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

XCVII. And be it further ena&ed, That the Pay of every Perfoa enrolled to ferve in the Local Militia of any County, Stcwaitry or Place, when not embodied and called out into adltial Service, and who (hall be called out for the Purpofe ot being trained and exereifed as aforefaid, (hall commence upon the Day on which fuch Perton fliaft join the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or DiviGon » which he ffiali belong, and not before.

XCVIII. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Local Mi* litia Man {hall on his March to the Place where he {hall be ordered to attend for the annual Exercife, be ciifablcd by Sicknefs or otherwi^ it {hall be lawful for any One Juft ice of the Peace of the County* Stewartry or Place, or auy Provoft or Chief Magiftrate of any City, Burgh or Place where fuch Man {hall then be, by Warrant uaderj his Hand, to order him fuch Relief as fuch Juilice, Provoft or Chief* Magiftrate, {hall think reafonablc, and the fame {hall be giveu by the Kirk Sefiion of the Parifti or Place where fuch Local Militia Mai {hall then be; and the Kirk Seffion giving fuch Relief {hall, upoa producing an Account of the Expences thereof to the Quarter Mallet j of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to whicli fuch Local Militia* Man /hall belong, (fuch Account being firft allowed under the Hand of a Juftice of the Peace) be re-imburfed fuch Expences by fuch Quarter Mafter, who fhall be allowed the fame in fuch Accounts.

XC1X. And be it further enaded, That it ffiali be lawful fot all Provofts, Bailiffs and other Chief Magiftrates, and for all Cob* {tables and other Peace Officers of Cities, Burghs, Pariffies and Places, and (in their Default or Abfence) for any One Juftice of the Pace inhabiting within or near any City, Burgh, Pariffi or Place, (but for no others) and they and he are and is reipedtively hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers, Non Cornmiffioncd Officers, Drummers and private Men ferving in the Local Militia at the times when they ffiali be called out to annual Exercife, in Inns, Livery Stables, Ale Houfes, Vidualling Houfes,and all Houfes of Perfons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine or Metheglm, by Retail, upon Application made to any fuch Provofts, Bailiffs or other Chief Magittritw, or for any Conltables, or other Peace Officers of His Majesty’t Lieutenant, or by the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of tbe Local Militia, of the County, Stewartry or Place where they {hall be fo called out to Exercife as aforefaid ; and when the Local Militia is not embodied, nor called out to Exercife as aforefaid, all Provofts and other Chief Magiftrates and Officers aforefaid, or (in their Defaulter Abfence) any One Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid, may, and they

13	aid



AJD.i8i2.

C.68.

3»7

520 GEO. III.

wl he are and is hereby refpedively required to order and provide convenient Lodging, with Fire and Candle, in fuch Houfes as afore-hid, for the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia OB permanent Pay.

C. And be it further ena&ed, That when the Local Militia (hall Jufticet to grant be called out to be trained and exercifed, or for the Suppreflion of W*<J.T*n2 Riots or Tumults, any Juftice of the Peace of any County, Stewartry L«al*Milftia or Place, being thereunto required by ati Order from the Lieutenant on it* March, or from any Deputy Lieutenant of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, or from the Coloneh or other Commanding Officer of any Regiment,

Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Divifion of Local Militia, bring within fuch County, Stewartry or Place, may and (hall iffue his Wamnt, fpecifying the Carriaget neceffary to convey the Arms,

Godu, Accoutrements, Ammunition and other Stores of any fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Divi(ion of Local Mili-tm, and the Perfon or Perfons by whom the fame (hall be furnifhed, with the Number of Men who (hall be required to drive the fame 5

in cafe fuch Carriages and Men cannot be provided within any fech County, Stewartry, Pari(h or Place, then any Juftice of the Ptace for any adjoining County, Stewartry, Pari(h or Place, may ed fhall, upon fuch Order as aforefaid being (hewn to him, iflue his Wamnt for fuch Carriages and Men as (hall be neceffary to make up Rates paid for Ac Deficiency; and the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of Carriages, the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Divifion of Local tt&da for which fuch Carriages and Men (hall be required to be fiBnied as aforefaid, (hall pay to the Perfon or Perfons who (hall noride fuch Carriages, fuch Rate per Mile as (hall be fixed by fuch Jdbce, and fpecified in fuch Warrant, not exceeding Four pence 6r every Mile any Cart with one Horfe (hall travel, and fo in Proportion for any Number of Carriages drawn by any greater Number «f Hordes; and every Perfon fo ordered to provide fuch Carriages ad Men is hereby required to provide and furnifii the fame accord-iBgly, for one Day's Journey and no more.

Cl. And be it further enabled, That when any Regiment, Bat- Local Militii talion or Corps of Local Militia, or any Detachment or Divifion when thereof as aforefaid, fhall be affembled for the Purpofe of being Exe%ife,Vut trained and exercifed, or for the Suppreffion of Riots of Tumults, it un(jer stoppages M be lawful for the Captain or Commanding Officer of every for providing Company, to put the Local Militia Men of his Company under them with Stoppages, not exceeding Four pence per Day, for* the Purpofe of Linen, fcc, providing them with Linen, and alfo with fuch other Neceffaries as (hall be fpecified in any Order from the Secretary of State to that Eied, and for defraying the Ex pence of repairing any Arms which (hall have been broken or damaged by any fuch Local Militia Man's Neried: Provided always, that every fuch Captain or Commanding Officer (hall account with each Local Militia Man for fuch Stoppage, and after having dedu&ed what (hall have been laid out and paid for Neceflaries, and for repairing the Arms as aforefaid, (hall pay the Sum remaining (if any there (hall be) into the Hands of the Local Militia Man to whom the fame belongs, before fuch Local Militia Man (hall be difmiffed from fuch Training and Exercife, or fuch Afleabty.

C1L And be it further enaded, That the Colonel or other Returns of Commanding Officer of every Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Loral MU'tis JiGm.III.	Cc	Local

OUC



Google

C .68.

A.D.tSw

3W

5 2°GEO. III.

to 1>c exereifed, to be made by Colonel, ic.

;o County Lieutenant, dec.

Local Militia, as often as his Regiment, Battalion or Corps fasti called out to Exercife as before dire&ed, and within Fourteen Dm from the time of affembling, fliall and he is hereby required teirtcr to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place to whka fame belongs, a true State of fuch Regiment, Battalion or GrJ and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk to the General Meeti _ be kept by him ; and all fuch Lids (hall (late the Numbers adat prelent, adding thereto the Names of thofe that have beet without Leave of the Commandant, or without tranfaiitting G cates of Health ; and where the Local Militia of any County, artry or Place (hall be fo ordered to be trained and exercifed a

or Proportions fucceffively in manner dire&ed by tliie A6i, tkcOfc

Penalty.

NegleA.

Penalty. CaptainsofCom-panies to make out Return for Adjutant, or w here none, for Commanding Officer, who (hall make out

commanding every fuch Part or Proportion for the time within Seven Days after the affembling of fuch Part or Pa; ' make a Return of the State of the Local Militia exercifed bv under his Command to the Colouci or Commanding Officer Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Local Militia to cited ffiall belong, on Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for fuch Omiffion ; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer reo fuch Return (hall, within Fourteen Days after all the Reti Men belonging to his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, \v have been fo aflemblcd, ffiall have been received by him, trai General Return to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewart Place, to which fuch Local Militia ffiall belong, end a Doyi thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings, to be kept bv and in cafe any Officer ffiall refufe or neglett, for Three Mor.tf. the time herein appointed for making fuch Returns, fo to do, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pou CHI. And be it further cnaded, That the Captain or Con

mg Officer of every Company of Local Militia called out to cile tinder this A& ffiall, during the time of fuch Exercife,

Under this A& ffiall, during the time of fuch Exercife, out a corrc& and accurate Return of the State of the Claffes

Men belonging to his Company, arranged according to the F the Schedule tc

a

to this A& annexed, marked (D)» fpecifying the ral Particulars therein mentioned, and the Subdiviiion to wh c

andu7nrmitUrn’ ^ai1 belong, and ffiall deliver or tranfmit the

iame to Clerk of Adjutant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or where General Meet- be no Adjutant, to the Commanding Officer of the Local N

inp, andnecei- the County, Stewartry or Place, to which fuch Company ; fary Extrude to long ; and fuch Adjutant or Commanding Officer, os the ca* vifioni whoU(hail	One	Month	after	every	luch	Exercife	as	afor.--

correft Booki of Pr?Pare a,id make out a general and accurate Return of

Enrolments

therefrom.

C’erk to G£n«-;<i Meetings

Claffes, according to fuch Form, and with fuch Sptctfe: aforefaid, and ffiall tranfmit the fame to the Cierk of the(-Meetings, and (hall alfo tranfmit to the Clerks of the Su! Meetings within the County, Stewartry or Place, to the Militia of which he (hall belong, Extracts of fuch Return, mg the State of the Claffes of Men belonging to their Subdiviijona, and fuch Subdivifon Clerks ffiall forthwith Looks of Enrolment of their reipe&ive Subdivisions, fo pond accurately with luch Return ; and the Clerk to t Meetings ffiall forthwith, upon Receipt of fuch Return as

Pkril'd t^tranf- anc* within Two Months after the Expiration of fuch i

ma to Secretary afarefaid, make out and tranfmit to One of HU Majert/t P

2	iecn.



Google

AJJ.iBii.

51* GEO. III.

C.CT.

3^9

Secretaries of State, correft Abflrafts of all fuch Returns as afote-W, made out in the Form in the Schedule marked (E.) to this Aft annexed; and every Perfon fo required as aforefaid to make any fuch Return, who fhall wilfully refufe or neglcft to make the fame in manner aforefaid, at the Period hereby required for that Purpofe, flail, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

CIV. And be it Further enafted. That every Local MiKtia Man (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him) who fhall not appear at the Time and Place appointed for his being exercifed according to the Direftions of this Aft (Notice having been publifhed ad given as by this Aft required), fhall be deemed a Deferter, and if not taken until after the time of any fuch Exercife, fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and alfo every Local Militia Man, who, having joined the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which kbelongs, or any Company or Companies, or Detachment or Divi-ficn thereof, fhall defert or abfent himfelf during the time of any fuch Lercife, and fhall not be taken until after the time of fuch Exercife, wQ forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds \ and if fuch Pe-salty fhall not be immediately paid, the Juflice of the Peace before trhom any Local Militia Man fhall be conviftcd of any fuch Offence* M commit fuch Local Militia Man to the Houfe of fcorre&ion to bard Labour, or to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Rad, for any Space not exceeding Three Months, and not lefs than Povteen Days, or until he fhall have paid the faid Penalty.

CV. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Local Militia Mao fhall defert or abfent himfelf from his Duty, and fhall not Rtnrn and voluntarily furrender himfelf to the Adjutant or other Officer, Commiflioned or Non Commiifioned, commanding at the City or Place where the Arms of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he fhall belong, (hall be depofited, or fhall not be taken within the Space of Three Months from the time of his fo deferring or absenting himfelf, then upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belonged, to the Deputy Lieutenants, at any of their Meetings for the Subdivifion for wliich fuch Local Militia Man was enrolled, fuch Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or any One De-pitT Lieutenant and One Juftice of the Peace are hereby required to hold a Subdivifion Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Perfoo toferve and be returned to fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in the Room of fuch Local Militia Man ; and in cafe fuch Local Militia Man fhall at any time thereafter return or be taken, he fhall, notwithHanding any Perfon fhall have been chofen in his Room, be compelled to ferve in the fame manner and for the fame Term as if 10 Perfon had been chofen in his Room.

CV1. And be it further enafted. That all Mufkets delivered for the Service of the Local Militia fhall be marked diftinftly in dome iSbk Place with the Letters (L. M), and the Name of the County,

1 Stewwtry or Place to which they belong; and in cafe any Local y&ek Man {ball fell, pawn, or lofe or wilfully damage any of his Ami, Cloths, Accoutrements or Ammunition, or negleft or refufe tontanwhen required to do fo the lame in good Order to his Captain,er to the Perfon appointed to receive the fame, every fuch Local Militia Man fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not

CC*	Digitized	byGodgfe^S

of Si ate, Ab-flra^t of Returns.

Neglecting#

Penalty.

Men not appearing at Exercife, or abfentiog.

Penalty.

Tmprifonment.

Men shfenting and not returning, or not taken within Three Mouths, others ballot* ed for.

Such Men re^ turning, Ac. compelled t# ferve.

Mufkets

marked.

e

Selling Arms,

kc.< x negledirg

to return them in good Order.

Penalty.

Buying Lecal Militia Artm, See.

Penalty.

Imprifonment.

When Local Milith not embodied, how Adjutants, Stc. may be tried.

Commandant, Sec. may order any Officers of Local MiEiia, refident where Trial is to be.

C .6$.	52*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1S12.

exceeding Three Pounds; and if fuch Local Militia Man (hall not immediately pay fuch Penalty, the Juftice of the Peace before whom he (hall be convi&ed (hall commit him to the Houfe of Corre&ioo,to be kept to hard Labour, or to the Common Gaol for any time not exceeding Three Months, or until he (hall have paid fuch Penalty.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon (hall knowingly and wilfully buy, take in Exchange, conceal or otherwife improperly receive any Local Militia Arms, Cloths or Accoutrements, or any fuch Articles belonging to any Local Militia Man as are generally deemed Regimental Neceffaries, or may have been fpecified as fuch in any Order from His Majesty’s Secretary of State to that Effed, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by the Money allowed under this Ad for providing NccefTaries, or by Dedudiocs out of his Pay, or any public Stores or Ammunition whatever delivered for the Local Militia, upon any Account or Pretence whatfoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, the Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if fuch Offender (hall not immediately pay fuch Penalty, and (hall not have fufficient Goods and Effed* whereon to levy fuch Penalty, the Juilice before whom he or (he fhall be convided (hall commit him or her to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail for the Space of Six Months, or until he or (he (hall have paid the faid Fine, or (hall caufe fuch Offender; to be publickly or privately whipped, at the Discretion of fuch Juftice 5 and it (half be lawful for the Juftice before whom any fuch Offender (hall be convided, to order him to be detained is Cuftody until a Return (hall be made to the Warrant of Diftrefs.

CVIII. And be it further enacted. That every Adjutant, Quar^ ter Matter, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major asi\ Drummer of the Local Militia retained on permanent Pay at Head Quarters as hereinafter direded, (hall be at all times fubjed to any; Ad which (hall be in force for punifhing Mutiny and DefertionL and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War, under the Command of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs ; and it (hall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commands* of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, to dired the holding of Courts Martial as hereinafter direded, for the Trial of any fuch Serjeant Major, Seijeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, by either a General or Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence againft the faid Ad or Articles of War, committed during the time fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps (hall not be embodied or affembled for the Purpofe of Training and Exercife, and for the Trial of any Seijeant, tor* poral. Drummer or private Man of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who (hall have deferted while the faid Regiment, Battalion or Corps was embodied, and fhall not have been apprehended till after it (hall have been difembodied, but fo that no Punifhment (hall extend to the Lofs of Life or Limb.

CIX. And be it further enaded. That, if a fufficient Number of Officers to form a Court Martial cannot be found, it (hall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant, and in his Abfence for the Senior Field Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which the Perfon on whom fuch Court Martial is to be held, uiall belong,

t#

C^ooQie

AJX1812.

C.68.

391

52»geo. m.

to order any Officers of the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry to aflift at or Place to which fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps fhall ^belong, Court Martial, adoally refident witliin the Town where fuch Serjeant Major, Ser-	eiu^ei

jeant, Corpora], Drum Major or Drummer is to be tried, or within Fifteen Miles thereof, to attend and affift as Members of fuch Court Martial, who (hall thereupon attend at the time required, and affift accordingly, byt no Officer fhall be entitled to receive Pay for any fuch Attendance: Provided always, that no Sentence of any Court Sentence not Martial held as aforefaid on any Serjeant Major, Seijeant, Corporal, Execution Dram Major or Drummer, or private Man as aforefaid, fhall be put byColonef&c in Execution, until it fhall have been confirmed by the Colonel or y other Commandant, or by the Field Officer by whofe Order fuch Court Martial was afTembled.

CX. And be it further ena&ed, That any Seijeant, Corporal or Non Commif-Drummer of the Local Militia, may, by Sentence of a Court Mar-till, be reduced to the Condition of a private Local Militia Man, to peduoed^if not imeas fuch during any time not exceeding Fifteen Months, in cafe reitored, dif-the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, fhall not chained, be then embodied or called out into a£tual Service 5 ana in cafe the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs fhall be then embodied or called out into a&ual Service to ferve as aforefaid, until the difembodying of the faid Regiment, Battalion or Corps, after which time or at the End of the faid Fifteen Months, as the cafe may be, if not regularly rc-appointed to the Rank of a Non Com-rnffiooed Officer or Drummer, he fhall be difeharged from the Service: Provided always, that in cafe any Seijeant, Corporal or Provif*.

Drummer ferving on Permanent Pay, fhall have been reduced by Sentence of a Court Martial to ferve as a Private Man, for any Period not exceeding Fifteen Months, fuch Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer fhall not by fuch Redu&ion be releafed from his Engagement as a Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer, but fhall at the Expiration of the Period of fuch Rcdu&ion be again liable to ferve as fuch until legally difeharged ; nor fhall any fuch Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer, during the Period of fuch Redu&ion, be at Liberty to enHft or enter into His Majesty’s Regular Forces, Navy, Marines or Regular Militia, unlefs with the Confent of his Commanding Officer fpecified in Writing.

CXI. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for any Courts Martial General Court Martial afTembled for the Trial of any Strjeant, Cor- mayfentenceto poral. Drummer or Private Man of the Local Militia, to fentence any Service in fuch Sergeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man to ferve in the ^ f8U~ Local Militia, for any Period not exceeding Four Years, over and	*

above the Period for which he may be already enrolled ; or to fentence any fuch Seijeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man to ferve for any Period not exceeding Three Years, in the Regular Militia of the County, Stewartry and Place; and fuch Man fhall thereupon be enrolled to ferve for any fuch Periods, and fhall be, to all Intents and Purpofes, confidered a Militia Man during fuch Period ; and it or to Imprifon-(hall alfo be lawful for any General or Regimental Court MartiaL by mcnt* whom any fuch Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man may bare been fentenced to Imprifonment, to adjudge any fuch Serjeant,

Cofjoral, Drummer or Private Man, to be imprisoned in any Houfe of Cerre&ion, Common Gaol, or public Prifon of the County, Stew-arty and Place, for any Period not exceeding Twelve Montns-

C c 3	CX1I.	And



39*

C.$8.

A.Dain.

Gaolers to re-c ive PrSlooers when required by Piefideot of Court Martial.

Penalty.

Provifo.

Commanding Officers may imprison Men previous to Court Martial.

Provifo.

Arms, kc. when Local Militia not embodied kept in Place appointed by Commandant with Approbation of County Lieutenant, to be under Care of Quarter

Mailer.

rv

k

Sa# GEO. m.

CXII. And be it further ena&ed, That all Gaolers and Keepen

of Prifons (hall, if required fo to do by any Prefident of a Gtwnl or Regimental Court Martial aflembled for the Trial of any Serjetit Corporal, Drummer or Private Man of the Local Militia, receive iota their Cuftody, and confine for fuch time a? they (hall be refpe&vdy j required fo to do, any fuch Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man who may have been feotenced to Imprifoumeut by any fuck General or Regimental Court Martial; and every Gaoler and Keeper of a Prifon who (hall refofe to receive and to confine any fuch Scf» jeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man, (haU forfeit for every fuck Offence the Sum of Five Pounds: Provided always, that during tin Continuance of any fuch Iraprifoqment, the Gaoler or Keeper of fuch Gaol (hall receive the full Subfiilence of fuch Serjeant, Cop t poral. Drummer or Private Mao, at the Rate of Six pence per Da? for his Maintenance, during the time that fuch Serjeant, Corporal Drummer or Private Man (hall continue in Cuftody ; which Sum of Six pence per Day (hall be paid by the Quarter Mailer of the Regi* ment, $attalk>n or Corps to which any fuch Serjeant, Corpora^ Drummer or Private Man may belong, and (hall be charged asfi allowed in his Accounts.	*

CXilL And be it further ena&ed. That in all cafes in which that. Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, Corps qt DetacWt ment of Local Militia (haU deem it neceflary to* confine any SerjeJWtfv Corporal, Drummer or Private Man of the Regiment under his Coflu-mand, in order to hie being brought to Trial before a Court Martah it (hall be lawful for fuch Commanding Officer, by Warrant under bit Hand, to commit fuch Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Mia. to the Cuftody of the Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon, Gaol or Houftl of Corre&iQn, who (hall Deceive into bis Cuftody and confine fadT Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man accordingly, fudF Gaoler receiving the full Pay of fuch Seijeant, Corporal, Dnuamot or Private Man, for his Maintenance during the time he may contiaua in fuch Confinement: Provided always, that no fuch Serjeant, Cos* poral. Drummer or Private Mail (hall continue in Connaeaaent, i| Order to his Trial by Court Martial, more than Eight Days, or uod a Court Martial can conveniently be aflembledL

CXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That tbe Anns, Account*

ments, Clothing and other Stores, belonging to every Regupent, Battalion or Corps of Militia, when not embodied, (hall be kept if fuch convenient Place as the Colonel or other Commandant (hall diredl, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place ; and that the Quarter Mailer to fuch Regiaent, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, (hall have the Charge and Care of fuch Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores, under the Superintendence of the Colonel or other Commandant; and it (hall be lawful for the Clerks of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, at tbe Defire of the Colonel or other Commandant, to draw upon the Colle$or of the Cefs of each County, Stewartry and Place reipe&ively, for any Sum ncceffary for the Purpofe of providing a proper Place for keeping fuch Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and Stores, nofc exceeding the Proportion of Ten Pounds Sterling for each Six hundred Men in any one Year; and which. Sum (haU be paid to the Colonel or other Commandant, requiring fucb CWk to draw for the fooaci and (kali be. applied by him in providing tack Depot,

and



AJXiJia.

C.68.

393

ya« GEO. III.

aifloti bo wgaiaft, accounted for by the Produ&ion of Receipts folk Money expended in providing fuch Depot, which Receipts AiiLbe delivered to the CoUe&or of the Cefs, and (hall he a Dif-cbsrgeto him in his Accounts, and (hall be delivered by him as Cafh to t£» Rectwer General of the Cefs-or Land Tax ip Scotland ; and* it fhall be lawful for the General Meeting of Lieutenancy for any County or Stewartry to order and dire<5 a lit, proper, and oonve-nkor nice for the Purpofe of keeping the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and Stores of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to be profideaor built, if no fuch lit, proper and convenient Place can be toattd, the ffire or Colt of which Place fhall be certified by the Gtuenl Meeting of Lieutenancy to the Clerk or Clerks of Supply of thj County or Stewartry,. Counties or Stewartries, wherein or for which fuch Place of Depot ought to have been provided ; and foch Cksk or Clerks of Supply (hall thereupon fummon a Meeting of tk Camroiffioners of Supply to be held within Twenty one Day* afar die Receipt of foch Certificate, and the Commiflionere of Sup» at fuch Meeting make au AfTefiuient for fuch Expence, it die manner and. to be levied a6 is herein dire&ed in the cafo of Bbkiendes in the Quotas of Local Militia to be raifed in any County or Stewartry: Provided always, that in ail cafes in which any fuch* at, proper and convenient Place fhall be fo ordered by the General Mbedog of Lieutenancy to be provided or built, the Sum herein-kbrc diw&ed to be allowed to the Colonel or other Commandant of oik Regiment for providing the fame, fhall be paid to fuch Colonel orotkr Commandant, and fhall be by him applied in Diminution of tkfonto be levied upon fuch County or Stewartry, for the Pur-pde of defraying the Hire or Coft of fuch Depot.

CXV. Anti be it farther ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for His MajeHy toordtr and direefc that foch Proportion of Serjeants, Corpo* rail and Dnmyners, not exceeding One Half of each Rank, together with the Adjutant,, Quarter Matter and: Staff Serjeants, of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, fhall remain on permanent Pay, at the Head Quarters of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, as His Majetty Oui order and diretk.

CXVI. And be it further cnaded, That in every cafe in which Hit Jbjetty, by his Secretary of Stateor otherwife, fhall have ordered aflddpe&d, or fhall hereafter order and direct, that the Serjeants, Corporals-and Drummers.of the Local Militia allowed to remain on puwncnt Pay, fhall be reduead in any Proportion below One H&if of each Rank as hereinafter fpecified re£pe£biveiy, it fhall be lawful bribe Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion* or Corps, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant* or Dcpaty Lieutenant a£bnp fo* the Lieutenant in cafe the Lieutenant Audi be abfent, and of Hu Majefly’a Secretary of State* to agree with the Serjeaatst Corporals op Drummers, of lm Regiment, Battalion or Corps, os any of themi* or with any other Perfona willing to engage to fenre as filch, noSwibhlbanding the Number fo willing to engage «3f caeecd the Half of each Rank, t» fcrve as Serjeants* Corporals adPtamtcs upon- any Deduced! Pay, during the Period** of the Repanit, Battalion or Corps reoai being embodied or af&nnbled for wmfi,in filch manner as to the Number of Days’ Pay to-be allowed, •tk Uu&iowuf aoy Proportion* of the Pay per Diem* as fhortt fed Ry the Scaretacy of State i* that Behalf; and' every C c 4	Seijerat,



Provif*.

His Majesty may order Proportion of Serjeants, &c. to remain on permanent Pay.

Commandant of Corps may agree with Non Coin-miffioned Officers, &c. to ferve on reduced Pay, who fhall take the foUonv-ing

394

C 68.

A.D.i8u-

Oath.

Non Commif-fion Officers, Scc to refide within certaii DilUnce of PUce where Arm* kept, and be under Command of Adjutant; and Monthly Returns of State made to Secretary of State, &c.

52° GEO. in.

Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer, agreeing to ferve at fuch upoa i fuch reduced Pay as aforefaid, (hall take the following Oath befi fome Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Peace of the County,J Magi (Irate of the Place to the Local Militia of which he dull be* which Oath every fuch Deputy Lieutenant, Jultice of the Pc Magiftrate, is hereby authorized to adminifter; that is to lay,

4 J A. B. do engage to ferve as a [Serjeant* Corporal or Dri 4 as the cafe may be] in the Local Militia of 4 I (hall be duly difeharged, upon the Terms of receiving 4	during fuch Periods as fuch Local Militia (hall i

4 embodied or a(Tembled for Exercife.*

And every fuch Oath (hall be reduced to Writing, and fig attefted by the Deputy Lieutenant, Juftice of the Peace or ! trate admmiftering the fame, and delivered to the Commanding ( of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Serjeant, C or Drummer (hall belong, and a Duplicate thereof fhall, if i be given to the faid Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer ; and t jeant, Corporal and Drummer fo engaging to ferve on fuch i Pay as aforefaid, (hall be compellable to ierve in the Local 1 for the full Period of his Service, in the fame manner as if he 1 ceived the full Pay of his Rank therein, and (hall be fubjett t Provifions contained in any Ad of Parliament which (hall be \ force for the Puni(hment of Mutiny and Defertion ; and I better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the An War made in purfuance thereof; and it (hall be lawful far iaj( man ding Officer of Local Militia who (hall engage any Soj Corporals and Drummers to ferve upon fuch reduced Pay, to i fuch Number of Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers as (ball bes~ by His Majesty’s Secretary or State in that Behalf, fo as f whole Amount of fuch reduced Pay (hall not exceed the Ai the full Pay of the Number allowed in any fuch Order of Re as aforefaid ; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the! trary notwithftanding.

CXVII. And be it further enaded, That the Quarter Mai all the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, on permanent Parisi Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Local Militia, (hall conft refident within the City, Town or Place, where the Arms 1 to fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps are kept, or within One! thereof, excepting when on Fui lough as hereinafter direded, orf ordered to be abfent on Military Duty, under this Ad, or f Purpofe of railing or enlifting Men for the Regular Milka c Majesty’s Regular Fcrces, (which Abfence (hall in no C3fe be fin than Three Months in any One Year, nor fhall any greater Ni than One Fourth Part of fuch Serjeants, Corporals and Dim be abfent at any One tim.) and fuch Seijeants, Corporals and 1 mere (hall be under the Command of the Adjutant, who fliallb Handy refident within the faid City, Town or Place, or with® ] Miles thereof, (unlefs as herein after provided) and (hall ad iai.. Command under the Orders of the Colonel or other CommsaMd fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps ; and that the Adjutant, aMty his occafionai and unavoidable Abfence, the Serjeant Major* (where there is no Serjeant Major) the Senior Serjeant (baflarfH Monthly Returns of the true State of the Seijeants, Corponbai

Drufflom



Google

C .68.

395

5a° GEO. III.

Drummers of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps feverally, to His Majefly's Secretary of State, to the Lieutenant of the County or Stewartry, md to the Colonel or other Commandant of the faid Regiment, Battalxfci or Corps, in Default of which, on each fuch Neglefct, fuch Adjutant or Serjeant Major lhall be fubje6t to fuch Punifhment is a Court Martial (hall adjudge ; and that no Setjeant, Corporal or Drummer, fha 1 be abfent from fuch City, Town or Place, without a regular Furlough or Licence in Writing, figned by his Colonel or other Commandant; and ev *ry Seijcant, Corporal and Drummer, who fTiall abfent himfelt without fuch Furlough or Licence, (hall forfeit all Pay during the time of fuch Abfence, and be liable to be apprehend d and punifhed as a Deferter; and fuch Adjutant (hall never abfent himfelf from fuch City, Town or Place, without Leave of the Colonel or other Commandant of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, nor for more than Three Calendar Months in One Year, except in cafes of Skkuefs: Provided neverthelefs, that whenever fuch Ad-jotant lhall be abfent with fuch Leave as aforefaid, then fuch Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, (hall be under the Command of the Quarter Mailer, Serjeant Major, or of fome Serjeant who (hall be appointed by the (aid Adjutant, with the Approbation of the (aid Colonel or other Commandant, to a6t as Serjeant Major during the Abfence of fuch Adjutant or of the Senior Serjeant, when the Corps haj not any Adjutant or Setjeant Major.

CXV11I. And be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful for His Majesty at any time to order and direct that the Serjeants, Cor-

Sand Drummers of the Local Miluia retained on permanent it Head Quarters as aforefaid, (hould be employed within their live Counties or Stewart ties under the Command of the Adjutant, in railing Volunteers for His Majesty’s Regular Forces or for the Militia: Provided always, that no fuch Setjeant, Corporal or Drummer, who (hall have confented to receive any reduced Rate of Pay during the Period of the Regiment to which he belongs not being embodied or affembled for Exercife, (hall be compellable to be employed on fuch Service in any other Town or Place than that in which the Arms belonging to fuch Regiment are kept, without his Coofeot fpecified in Writing.

CXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Local Militia Man lhall not join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, Detachment or Divifion to which he belongs, at the time of annual Exercife, or (hall defert during the time of annual Exercife, and (hall not be apprehended before the Expiration of the time appointed for fuch Ex-erdlie, and if the Commanding Officer, or the Adjutant of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or the Commanding Officer of the Company, Detachment or Divifion to which fuch Offender belongs, (hall receive Information of the Place where he (hall be or refide, any fuch Commanding Officer or Adjutant may, by Writing under his Hand, deferibe the Perfon of fuch Offender, and alfo certify that he did not join the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Divifion, at the time of annual Exercife, or that he deferted during the time of annual Exercife, (as the cafe may be) and fend the fame by a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or to the Senior Serjeant when there is no Adjutant or Ser-jeast Major of the Corps, of the County, Stewartry or Place wherein

fuch

Serjeant, Sec. abfent without Leave.

Penalty.

Adjutant abfent without Leave, or for more than Three Months in the Year, except in Sicknefs, See*

Serjeants, frc. ordered to raife V.-iunteers for Regular Force* or Militia.

Method of proceeding wheu Information is received of ReGdence of Local Militia Man who (hall not join at annual Exercife, or lhall defert during it, and not be apprehended.



Google

39*

C.68.

iiKita

Method of proceeding where Perlbns are found fufpe&cd to be Non Coui-roilBoned Of5** cers or Drummers who have defexted.

Gaoler* to Te-

t »«ve Subfiftence of Deferior*r

$2° GEO. IH.

fuch Offender is fuppofod to be or refide $ and tke Adjutant, Snjwt

Major or Senior Serjeant, to whom fuch Certificate* fhall be feat, (hall forthwith dire& a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drmta mere of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, to mfiifi in apprehending fuch Offender, and conveying bin before fans Juftice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Race, wheieii fuch Offender fhall be apprehended; and if by ftiu Confttffion, or the Teftimony of any Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, or the Knowledge of fuch Judies, it (had appear or be found that foch Perfon it

fuilty of fuch Offence, fuch Adjutant, Seneant Major or Senior erjeant as afbrefaid, fhaU order a Party of the Seijeants, Corporals or Drummers under hie Command, to convey fuch Offender to flhs Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion.or Corps of Local Mititia of the next County, Stewartry or Place in the way to the County, Stewartry or PJaoe to which fuch Offender belongs, and deliver bins into the Cuftody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of fuch Regi~ meat. Battalion or Corps, or Senior Seijeant aa aforefaid, who fluff caufe him to be conveyed in like manner to the Adjutant or Sasjeaot Majpr of the Regiment, Battalion oc Corps, or Senior Serjeant of the Corps of the next County, Stewartry or Place, and fo in life* manner until fueh Offender (hall be deiinensd into theCuftody of the Adjutant or Senior Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Seijeant as aforefaid, of the Corps to which he belongs, who fhaU take him before a Juftice of the Peace, to be dealt with ss this Ad dire&s in cafe* of Local Militia Men deferring or abfentiag Ihemfelves from their Duty when* not embodied or called out mto t&ual Service; and from the time of his being fo apprehended; as aforefaid, until he is brought before £uch Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid, £uch Offender fhall be fobfifted at the Rate of Bis* pen** per Day, to be paid by the Coiie&or of the County,. Riding or Pl» to which fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, for which Subfiftence fuch Jufti c* is hereby required to make fuedr Order up** fuch Colle&or, which, with the Receipt taken upon Payment, fluff be received as Cafh by the Receiver General of Scotland from fuch Colledor *r and if any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer,, retained upoa permanent Pay, fhall defert from the Regiment, Battaboai or Corps to which he belongs, it fhall be lawful for any Headhorough, C*n-fiable or other Officer of the Town or Place where any Perfon wb* may be reafonably fufpeded to be fuch Deferter (hall be- found; to caufe fuch Perfon to be apprehended and taken before any Jollier of the Peace living in or near to fuch Town or Place, who is hereby empowered to examine fuch fufp&ded Perfon ; and if by hfoCoo-fjeffion, or the Teftimony of any Wituefe or Witneffe* upon. Oath, or by the Knowledge of fuch Juftice, it fhall appear or be found that flich fufpejdled Perfon is foch Deferter, foch Juftice fintti forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol of ttirConntyy Stew* aitry or Place where he fhall be found, or the Houfe of. Corra&o* or other public Prifon in the Town or Bice in or near to which, foch Deferter fhall be apprehended, there to remain until he (hallbe demanded by fome Perfon or Perfons. authorized to receive hunaadwe-inafter dira&d, and fhall tranfmit an Account thereof: to the Ckrk of the.Geoeral Meetings of the County, Stewartry or Bhwe».to wbioh fuch Deferter belongs ; and the Keeper of foch Gaol*.Honfeo£Co** refefogiO* ITifon, fhall motive, thefutLSnbflfteqeeofe focfoDtititan it

the



A»D*i8i2«	*2*	GEO. III.	C.68.

the Rate above fpocified for his Maintenance, during the time he Aafl continue in his Cuftody, but (hall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of his Imprisonment ; and fuch Clerk of the Genial Meetings, receiving fuch Account, (hall .immediately tranfrait i Copy thereof to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regi-B*en£ Battalion or Corps of his County, Stewartry or Place 5 and alio to the Adjutant or other Officer commanding the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps retained 0* permanent Pay at the Head Quarters ; and where there are more than One Regiment, Battalion or Corps in any County, Stew-artry or Place, fuch Clerk fhall fend fuch Copy to each of the Colonels or other Commandants or Commanding Officers of fuch Regiments, Battalions and Corps, and alfo to each of the Adjutants or Officers commanding Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, retained oq permanent Pay at their refpeflive Head Quarters, within his County, Stewartry or Place; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion car Corps to which fuch Deferter (hall be found to belong, or the Adjutant or Officer commanding fuch Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, (hall aud he is hereby required, immediately on receiving fuch Copy as aforefaid, to fend aoy Serjeant, Corporal or Druramec, or any Party of the Seijeants* Corporals or Drummers of his Regi-meut, Battalion or Corps, to the Place where fuch Deferter (hall be fo confined, and (hall alfo (end by fuch Serjeant, Corporal or Drum* urn, or the Serjeant commanding fuch Party of Seijeants, Corporals or Drummers, an Order, under his Hand, to the Keeper of the £ud Gaol, Houfe of Corredtion or Prifon, requiring him to deliver fuch Deferter to the Perfon or Perfons therein named, which he ia hereby required to do ; and the Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer to whom fuch Deferter (hall be fo ordered to be delivered,-m cafe One only (hall be fent on fuch Duty, (hall apply to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or to the Senior Serjeant of the Corps of the County, Stewartry or Place where Cuch; Deferter (ball be fo confined as aforefaid, and fuch Adjutant* Serjeant Major or Seijeaut, (hall order a. fufficient Party of the Serjeants* Corporals or Drummers under his Command, to affifl in conveying fuch Deferter, and he (hall be conveyed to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps or Senior Serjeant of the Corps to which he belongs, in the fame manner as before direded with refpedk to the conveying of Private Local Militia Men to the Adjutant or Seijeant Major or the Regiment, Battalion or Corps* of! Senior Seijeant of the Corps to which they belong ; and fuch Adjutant or Serjeant Major or Serjeant, (hall take fuch Deferter before % Mice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place to which he belongs, who (hall forthmth caufe him to be conveyed to the Cora* mon Gaol, Houfe of Corre&ion or other public Prifon of fuch County*. Stewartry or Place, where he (hall remain, without Bail, untda Court Martial can and (hall be {ummoned* and held for the Trial of (uch Deferter, according to the Proyifions of this Ad, when- lie (hall b* ddraned to.the Perfon or Perfons named in any Order to. be iffued for that Puipofe, under the Hand of the Officer, by whole Author rity fuch*Court Martial (hall be (ummoned, requiring the Delivery of inch Deferter; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Pri&a* (ball (*f mjmd Ce to do by say. Serjeant, Corporal ot Dmwnae* employed!

in

397

while’coofined, tot no Few

Gaolers to receive and confine Defer ten.



C.68>

A.D. i8ij.

Penalty. Serjeants, kc. conveying Deferters, or on March, to be bUletted.

Perfons apprehending Defer-ters paid aoe. by Warrant of Juftice before whom convitted.

Concealing,

Icc. Deferters.

Penalty.

His Majesty may order Local Militia to be embodied in cafes of lnvafion, Ac. and put under Command of GeneralOfficers, and led by re-fpedVive Officers, into any part of G. B.; and while fo embodied, fubjedl to Mutiny Ad and Articles of War.

$1* GEO. III.

in conveying any fuch Local Militia Man or Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer fo offending to the Regiment, Battalion or Cores to which he belongs) receive into their Cuflody, and confine fuch Offender for fuch time as they fhall be refpedively fo required as aforefaid, not exceeding Forty eight Hours ; and every fuch Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon who fhall refufe fo to do, fhall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings; and all fuch Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, whir they are employed in executing fuch Duty as aforefaid, and all other Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia while os any March, or employed on any Duty upon which they may be commanded by any legal Authority, (hall be billetted in like masher as Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers belonging to His Majefly,i other Forces, employed in apprehending and conveying Deferters, an to be billetted.

CXX. And be it further enaded, That the Juftice of the Peace before whom any Deferter fhall be brought, (hall and may, mo Proof of the Convidion of any fuch Deferter, either before a Joffiee of the Peace, or by Sentence of a Court Martial, iffue bis Warrant to the Quarter Mailer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which fuch Deferter (hall belong, or to the Commanding Officer, requiring fuch Quarter Mailer or fuch Commanding Officer to pay out of the Contingent Fund of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Cotjh, the Sum of Twenty Shillings to the Perfon who fhall have apprehended fuch Deferter; ana fuch Quarter Mailer or Commanding Officer is hereby authorized and required to pay the fame accordingly on Demand.

CXX I. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon fhall harbour, conceal or alfift any Deferter, knowing him to be fuch, the Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds.

CXXII. And be it further enaded, That in all cafes of a&ual lnvafion of any Part of the United Kingdom, or of the Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coafl of any Part of the United Kingdom, and in all cafes of Rebellion and Infurredion, it fhali be lawful for His Majefly, by any Order in Council or Proclamation, to draw out and embody fuch Local Militia, or any Part or Proportion thereof, and to dired all or any of fuch Local Militia Men to be marched to any Part of Great Britain for the Prevention asd repelling of any fuch lnvafion, or for the Suppreffion of any Rebellion or Infurredion, and to keep and continue fuch Local Militia fo embodied for any Period His Majefly may deem requiftte, not exceeding Six Weeks after the Enemy fhall have been prevented or repelled, or drivafi from the Coafl, or after fuch Rebellion or Isfur* redion fhall have been fuppreffed ; and from the time of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia being called out and embodied as aforefaid, until the fame (hall be returned again to its own County, Stewartry or Place, and difembodied by His Majesty’s Order, the Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of every fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, fhall be fubjed to all the Provifions contained in any Ad of Parliament which (hall be then in force for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in purfuance thereof; and all the Provifions contained in every fuch Ad, and Articles of War, fhall be in force with refped to tbe

12	Local



Google

CM.

399

5 2* GEO. Ill*

Local Militia, and (hall extend to all the Officers, Non Commiffioncd Officers, Drummers and private Men of the Local Militia, while embodied as aforefaid, in all cafes whatfoever.

CXXI1I. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That Local Militia neither the Whole, nor any Part of the Local Militia dire&ed by ®10X11 this Ad to be raifed and maintained, (hall on any Account be carried ° or ordered to go out of Great Britain.

CXXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever His Majesty Proclamation (hall caofe the Local Militia to be drawn out and embodied as afore. ^ ^ect,nE (aid, if the Parliament (hall then be feparated by fuch Adjournment Par um*m* or Prorogation as will not expire within Fourteen Days, His Majesty mar and (hall ifltie a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within Fourteen Days, and the Parliament (hall accordingly meet and fit upon fuch Day as (hall be appointed by fuch Proclamation, acd continue to (it and aft in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, mi/it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the fame Day.

CXXV. And be it further ena&ed, That the Lieutenant of |<ocal csery County, Stewartry and Place, or (on the Death or Removal of any fuch Lieutenant, or in his Abfence from his County, Stewartry	j/,eule*

or Place) any Three or more Deputy LieutAiants, to whom any nantstoilTue Order from His Majesty for drawing out and embodying the Whole Orders, of the Local Militia of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, fhall be dire&ed, fhall forthwith iffue his or their Order to the Conftables,

Schoolmafters or other Officers of the feveral Parifhes and Places

within their refpe&ive Counties, Stewartries or Places; and fuch Noticet#attend.

Cooftables, Schoolmafters or other Officers, are hereby required, upon

Receipt thereof, forthwith to caufe Notice in Writing to be given to

the federal Local Militia Men, or left at their ufual Places of Abode,

within their refpe&ive Parifhes, Tythings or Places, to attend at the

Time and Place mentioned in fuch Order.

CXXVI. And be it further ena&ed. That no Officer ferving in Local Militia the Local Militia fhall fit in any Court Martial upon the Trial of Officers not to any Officer or Soldier ferving in any of His Majesty’s other Forces, or in the Regular Militia; nor fhall any Officer, ferving in any of n«Cconua^wHe. His Majesty’s other Forces, fit in any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier ferving in the Local Militia: Provided always, that nothing in this A& fhall be conftrued to prevent any Officer of the Regular Militia from fitting in a Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier ferving in the Local Militia.

CXXVI I. And be it further ena&ed. That if any Perfon of the Local Militia fasd Local Militia, ordered to be drawn out and embodied as afore- 1101 marcil* laid (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to ferve as a Local Militia Man) fhall not appear and march in purfuance	r*

of fach Order, every fuch Local Militia Man fhall be liable to be apprehended and punifhed as a Deferter, according to the Provifions of any A& which fhall be then in force for pumfhing Mutiny and *

Ddeition; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and of the Articles of War, made in purfuance of the fame; and if any Perfon (hall harbour and conceal any fuch Local Militia Concealing.

Mao, when ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforefaid, knowing him to be fuch Local Militia Man, every fuch Perfon (hall, fa erery fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Penalty.

Pounds.

CXXV1IL And



C.68.

•Si” GEO. Cl.

AAJ.iBii.

Local Militia when ordered to be drawn out, entitled to fame Pay as Regular Militia; and entitled to ChelfeaHofpital.

Pay of Officers and Men who ihall not join on Day appointed, unlcfs prevented by Neceffity, (hall commence only from Day of joining.

Pay of Men in-rolled after Local Militia embodied, when to commence. Allowance at Time of Enrolment to enable them to march. Paid by Collector of County, kc.

When Local Militia ordered out, Colled or (hall pay to Captain of every Company One Guinea for the Ufe of each Man, and alfe

■' “\

CXXVII1. And be it further ena&ed, That, from the Date «£ His Majesty's Order in Council or Proclamation as aforefaid, hr drawing out the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or flat into a&ual Service, the Officers and Men of the Local Militia a fuch County, Stewartry or Place, (hall be entitled to the fame ft] as the Officers and Men of His Majesty’s Regular Militia, and a other; and if any Non Commiffioned Officer, Drummer or privtt Man of the Local Militia, (hall be maimed or wounded in fuch adia Service, he (hall be equally entitled to the Benefit of Cbclfea Hot pital with any Non Commiffioned Officer, Drummer or private Mai belonging to any of His Majesty’s other Forces.

CXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That tl^ Pay of every Officer, Serjeant, Con>oral, Drummer and private who ihall not join his Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia* on the Day appointed for that Purpofe, fhall commence odj from the Day of his joining fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corp^. unlefs fuch Officer, Seijeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Ma% (hall have been prevented from joining on the Day appointed aforefaid by Sicknefs or any other inevitable Neceffity, to be proretf to the Satisfa&ion of the Commanding Officer of the RegimeSw Battalion or Corps; in which cafe fucli Officer, Serjeant, CorpotiJ or DnimmeT or private Man may, by Order of his Commandiafr' Officer, be accounted with for his Pay from the Date of His Majeftp Order in Council or Proclamation as aforefaid.

CXXX. And be it further ena&ed, That the Pay of every Ptav fon enrolled to ferve in the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry : or Place, after fuch Local Militia (hall have been embodied act! J called out into a&ual Service, fhall commence upon the Day ot which fuch Perfon fhall join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps tu which he (hall belong, and not before: Pttmded always, that it 1 fhall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants or Juftices of the Peace by whom any fuch Perfon fhall have been fo enrolled, to order ani 5 dired an Allowance to be made to fuch Perfon, for the Purpofe of* enabling him to proceed to and join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he may belong, not exceeding the Rate of the Pay : of fo many Days as would enable him to march from the Place where i he was enrolled to the Place where the faid Regiment, Battalion or Corps may be ftationed, to be calculated at the Rate of not lefs than Ten Miles per Day, with the ufual Number of halting Days; and the faid Allowance of Pay fhall be advanced to fuch Perfon at the time of his Enrolment by the Clerk of the Subdivifion Meeting under the Order of the Deputy Lieutenants or Juflices aforefaid, or One of them, and fhall be repaid to the faid Subdivifion Clerk by the Colle&or of the County, Stewartry or Place, on the Produ&ion of a Certificate to that Effed, figned by the faid Deputy Lieutenants or .Tuflices, or One of them ; and the faid Colle&or (hall be allowed for the fame in his Accounts accordingly.

CXXXI. And be it further enaded, That when the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, fhall be ordered out into aftual 8ervice, the Colledor of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, (hall and is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of every Company of Local Militia fo ordered out, the Sum of One Guinea for the Ufe of every private Local Militia Man belonging to bis Company5 and the laid Colle&or (hall alio



AJXi8ia.

a «».

401

52* GEO* IIL

jaj to every Captain or other Commanding Officer of a Company at for each Recruit, a&rtfaid, the Sum of One Guinea for every Recruit at early at may « early “ ra*y be after fuch Recruit fhall have joined hit Company, while oOt in !*. ***** h*h“ adotl Service at aforefaid (all which Money fo paid by the laid Col- for hb lector fhall be allowed him in his Accounts); and the Money fo re- Advantage, ceired fey any Captain or other Commanding Officer, or fo much thereof as fuch Captain or Commanding Officer (hall think proper, fhall be laid out by him, agreeably to the Orders which he may receive from the Colonel or other Commandant, in the manner fuch Colonel or other Commandant fhaU think mod advantageous for the refpedire Local Militia Men 5 and fuch Captain or Commanding Captains to »c-’ Oficer (hall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of the Month J011”1 w,th Me,> next eefniug that in which he (hall have received fuch One Guinea for Cunc* a aforefaid, account to fuch Local Milkia Man how the faid Sum of One Guinea hath been applied and difpofed of, and (hall, at the tine of fettling foch Account, pay the Remainder of the Money (if any) to the (hid Local Militia Man.

CXXXII. And be it further enaded. That whenever any Regi- When Regiment stmt, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, (hall be embodied, and out of County, t aWeat from the County, Stewartry or Place to Which it belongs, the !Wen. Commanding Officer of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local .. h; ST* Milkk, fhall apply to every Man whole time (hall be within Four Months of er-Mootba of expiring, and who in his Judgment, and after an Exami- piring, and who mdkn by the Surgeon of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, (hall *re willing to e be fit to ferve os a Local Militia Mart, and inquire if he is willing c?utinue >« Ser-tocosbnue in the Service for fuch Term as any Man who (hould be then baBotted to ferve would be fubjed to, and for what Price or at certain period* Sen, not in any cafe exceeding Two Guineas, he will fo continue \ be transmitted aad fach Commanding Officer, (hall on the Firft Day of the Months by Commanding of January, March, May, July, September and November refpe&ively,	Flerk

or as foon after a« conveniently may be, tranfmit to the Clerk of Meeting*! the General Meetings of the County, Stewartry or Place to which his Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, belongs, a Lift of all fuch Men in fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia as he (hall find willing to continue in the 8ervice, on fuch Terms as aforefaid, and which Lift (hall be (igned by every fuch Local Militia Man as aforefaid, and (hall he made in the Form in the Schedule marked (F.) ; and that the figning of the faid Lift (hall be S«gnirtg Lift binding upon the Perfons figning the fame, to all Intents and Pur-pofes whatsoever.

CXXXII I. And be it further enaded. That whenever any Regi- When Regiment neat, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, (hall be aftetobied for ?f Ifcal MilitU the Purpofe of annual Training and Exercife, the Commanding Offi- xra^fo Com-cer of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, (hall apply to every Man minding Officer femsg in fach Regiment, Battalion or Corps, whole time will ex- fall make out pire in the Courfe of the enfuing Year, who may be of the Height Lift of Men vhs (pccified m this A&, and between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty, are w,*!l| id who in his Judgment, and after an Examination by the Surgeon ^!^ue *** of the Regiment, mall be fit to ferve as a Local Militia Man, and V1CW* who (hall not have more than Two Children under Fourteen Years, aad esquire if he is willing to continue his Service for fuch Term, os my Man who (houki be then ballotted to ferve would be fubjeft to* aid for what Price or Sum, not in any cafe exceeding Two Cabas, he will fo continue; and fuch Commanding Officer (hall, as

foon



Google

4c*

C.68.

A.D. 1812.

52° GEO. III.

foon after as conveniently may be, tranfmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Stewartry or Place, to which his Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, a Lift of all fuch Men in fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps; which Lift (hall be figned by every fucn Local Militia Man as aforefaid, and (hail be made in the Form in the Schedule marked (F.) ; and the figning of fuch Lift (hall be binding on the Perfons figning the fame, to all Intents and Purpofct whatever.

Clerk of General	CXXXIV. And be it further enaded, That the Clerk of the

Meetings (hall General Meetings of every County, Stewartry or Place aforefaid, NjClerk ag foon after t^e Receipt of fuch Notices as the fame can be Extrad^t^Re- done, tranfmit to the refpcdive Clerks of the Subdivifion Meeting*, turns, and De- for the Ufe of the Deputy Lieutenants afting in fuch Subdivi£o^ putyLieutenants corred Extrads of fuch Returns, fpecifying in every fuch Extraft mayeaufeMen the Men that fhall have been enrolled for the Subdivifion to which Umu "to* be en”	Clerk, to whom any fuch Extrad is fent, (hall belong; and there-

rdUed'as Volun-^ uP°n *n ca^e the Regiment, Battalion or Corps (hall not be embodied, teers, and re-	it (hall be lawful for fuch Deputy Lieutenants, if they (hall think fit,

quire Parifh	to caufe the Men willing to continue to ferve as aforefaid, to be es»

Officers to remit rolled as Volunteers for the particular and refpedive Parifhes or Pisces mailer*6*t0 ^or	^ey	have ^>een originally enrolled to ferve, and a

ma er‘	every fuch cafe to dired and require the Heritors of fuch Parilh of

Place, to pay fuch Bounty or Bounties to be given to fuch Men fo engaged, immediately upon their Enrolment; and in cafe fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps ftiould then be embodied, then to cade fuch Men to be enrolled as Volunteers in fuch Manner as aforefaid, and to order and dired the Heritors as aforefaid to remit fuch Bounty or Bounties to be given to fuch Men to the Paymafter of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in which fuch Men (hall be then ferving, who (hall forthwith pay or acconnt to the faid Men refpedively for the fame ; and it (hall and may be lawful for the Heritors of fuel Parifh to make an AflefTment tor the Amount of all fuch Soros fo paid or remitted for Bounties, in the manner in which an Affeflmest is herein direded to be made by fuch Heritors for Bounties to Volunteers, provided and produced to Deputy Lieutenants by Heritor* of Parifhes or Places.

Allowance to CXXXV. And be it further enaded, That any Perfon who (hall Men whofe have been enrolled to ferve in the Local Militia, and whofe Term of Term of Service Service (hall be prolonged in the manner herein direded beyond the is prolonged. Term of Four Years, (hall be entitled to the fame Allowance for NecefTaries, and all other Allowances which are by this Ad direded to be allowed during the Firft Year of their Service to Perfons inrolled in the Local Militia, and (hall in like manner be entitled to fuch Allowances, fo often as the Term of Service of any Perfon fo enrolled to ferve in the Local Militia (hall be prolonged as aforefaid. If anv Man en- CXXXVI. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon fworo idled (hall not	enrolled	in	the	faid Local Militia, (not labouring under any

thetn°or any^ Infirmity incapacitating him to ferve as a Local Militia Man) (hall Serjeant, tee, not with due Diligence join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of (haUdefartor Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place, for which he (hallbe abfent himfetf* fo fwom and enrolled, (in cafe fuch Regimept, Battalion or Company Proceedings. Ilsall then be embodied) according to fuch Order as (hall be gives him in that refped by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or asy of them, or by any Officer of the (aid Regiment, Battalion or Corps,

or



A.D. i8i2.

53° GEO. m.

C.68.



<Jr by any other Perlon authorized to give fuch Order; or if any Perfon ferving in any embodied Local Militia, or any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, (hall defert or abfent himfelf from his Duty ; trery fuch Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Local Militia Man (hall be liable to be apprehended and pumfhed, according to the mviibns of any Aft which fcnfl be then in force for the punching Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and of the Articles of War made in purfuance of the fame, and may by a General Court Martial be adjudged to further Service in the Local or Regular Militia for fome Period to be limited,, or 16 Service in His Majesty’s other Forces, without Limitation as the Period or Place of fuch Service, according as the Court Mar-id before whom he (hall be tried, (hall think nt to direft.; and in the faid Court (hall adjudge fuch Local Militia Man to ferve HHb Majesty’s other Forces, and fuch Sentence (hall be approved His Majesty, it (hall be lawful by Order under the Hand of Jp Secretary at War, or his Deputy, to caufe, fuch Man, if found T-for general Service, on Examination by a Surgeon of His Mar's other Forces, to be entered as a private Soldier, to ferve iii 5 Regiment or Corps of His Majdty’s other Forces as (hall dire&ed in fuch Order, and to be forthwith conveyed either to f Head Quarters of the Regiment or Corps in which he (hall fo entered, or to fuch other Place as (hall be direfted in fuch CMct ; and (hall, from the time of his being delivered over to be fo eciweyed as aforefaid, be fubjeft and liable to all the like Penalties .§fifuni(hments contained in any A6t then in force for punilhing Jfttay and Defertion, as if he had Been originally enlifted for genial Service, or for the Regiment or Corps in which he (hall be fc ordered to be entered as aforefaid.

. CXXXVII. And whereas it may be expedient that only fuch a Proportion of the Local Militia, and in fuch of the Counties, Stew-artnes and Places as (hall be fpecificd in any Order of His Majesty, ftould be drawn out and embodied in the firft Inftance, and that the Appointment of the private Meri neceffary to conftitute fuch Proportion, (hould be made or decided by Ballot or otherwife as is hereinafter mentioned in each Subdivifion or Diftrift, without aflembling them previoufly out of the Subdivifion or Diftrift to which they belong; Be it therefore enabled. That the Lieutenant of every Coonty, Stewartry or Place, or fin cafe of Vacancy or in the Ab-fcnceof the Lieutenant from his County, Stewartry or Place) any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any Order of His Majesty for the Purpofe of embodying the faid Local Militia, or fuch Part or Proportion thereof as His Majesty (hall have judged neceflary aBd ordered to be embodied, (hall have been direfted, (hall, as foon after the Receipt thereof as conveniently may be, iffue his or their Order to the Clerks of the feveral Subdivifion Meetings in fuch County, Stewartry or Place, to prepare and make out a full and true Lift, containing the Names of all Perfons enrolled to ferve in the hid Local Mil litia by virtue of this Aft, within each Subdivifion refpeftjvely, and arranged according to their Claffes as hereinbefore mentioned, before a Day to be fpecified in the faid Order of the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforefaid, and which Day (hall not he later than Three Days after the Date of fuch Order; and the hid Clerks (hall, within the time fixed by fuch'Order, prepare J2 Gse. III.	D	d	And

If His Majesty fhall i>rder Local Militia, or Proportion thereof, to be embodied,

County Lieutenant, kc. fl.all ifTue his Order uj Clerks of Sub- , dviftom,to mak# •ut Lifts of Perfons enrolled. Duplicate Copy made for Deputy Lieute- , nants, and another tranfmit-ted to Clerk of General Meet-ingi*



4°4

C.68.

A«D»i8il*

alfo ifTue Orders for aflembling Men within their refpeCtive Subdivilions, and in fuch Proportions as lh<iU appear mod expedient ; and Conttables (lull caufc a written Notice to be given Men to attend, and Notices of Time and Place adver-tifed and affixed opots Church Doors,

Men not appearing, or not abiding Orders of Deploy Lieutenants,

Penalty,

County Lieutenant, &c. toap. pnint Firft Si:b-divifion Meeting fer bafTotiing,

5*• GEO. III.

and make out fuch Lifts accordingly, and alfo Two Duplicates thereof, One of which Duplicates (ball be for the Ufe of the Deputy Lieutenants at their refpedive Subdivifion Meetings, and the other Duplicate thereof (hall be tranfmitted to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Ufe of the Lieutenant of the Countj, Stewartry or Place, or the Deputy Lieutenants who (hall hare iffiM fuch Order as aforefaid.	=

CXXXVI1I. And be it further enaded, That the laid Lin* \ nant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforefaid to whom HU Maiet/s Order (hall be direded, (hall at the time of iiTuing his or their Oroer hereinbefore mentioned, dired the Clerk of the General MeetUp to advertife the Place and Time of aftembling the Local Militia m the County or Stewartry Paper, or if any County or Stewartry ftfll. have no Paper, then in fome Newfpaper publiihed in the City Edinburgh, and alfo iflue his or their Order for aftembling all tkft Men of the (aid Local Militia within their refpedive Subdivifioos, m. at fuch Place or Places within their refpedive Counties, Stewaitxvt or Places, and in fuch Proportions as to the laid Lieutenant or puty Lieutenants as aforeuid, (hall appear mod expedient, on tfe Day or Days to be fpecified in fuch his or their Order, to the Cota (tables, Schoolma&ers or other Officers of the feveral Parifhcsdt Places within the faid Counties and Stewartries refpedively; af fuch Schoolmaiters, Conftables or other Officers, are hereby requinf upon Receipt thereof forthwith to caufe Notice in Writing to b| given to the feveral Men of the faid Local Militia, or left at ufual Places of Abode, within their refpedive Pari(hes or Places, tn attend within their refpedive Subdjvifions or Diftrids, at the and Place mentioned in fuch Order, and (hall alfo caufe fuch Nog tine as aforefaid to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches so Chapels belonging to their refpedive Parifhes or Places, or (if aijJ Place (hall have uo Church or Chapel belonging thereto) on dag Door of the Church or Chapel of fome Parirn or Place thereunto' adjoining, which Notice fo advertifed or affixed as aforefaid, flat be deemed a fufficient Notice to every Perfon enrolled by virtue of this Ad, notwithilanding any Omiffion in the Delivery of writte* Notices in manner herein direded; and all fuch Local Militia Mai (hall duly attend at the Time and Place appointed in fuch Notices refpedively.

CXXXLX. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon of tk faid Loeid Militia not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to ferre as a Local Militia Man, (hall not appear in purfuaoceof fuch Order, or, appearing, (hall not abide the Orders of the Deputy Lieutenants attending in purfuance of this Ad, every fuch Perfon (hall be deemed a Delerter, and if not taken previoufly to the Completion of the Ballot at which fuch Perfon ought to attend in purfuance of this Ad, (hall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and ibaD be deemed and taken to be a Perfon liable to be embodied within the Intent and Meaning of this Ad, and to ferve according to the Diredions herein contained, over and above the Number to be cho-fen by Ballot as aforefaid.

CXL. And be it further enaded, That the faid Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforefaid of every County, Stewartry or Place, or any Three or more of them, (hall appoint the Firft Meeting to be holden by the feveral Deputy Lieutenants of the fame County, Stewartry

L.OOQ le

AJX1812.	$4° GEO. III.	C.

vttj or Place within their refpedive Subdivifion*, or at fuch other Place or Places as (hall have been appointed as aforefaid, on the Day Bcntwned in fnch Order as aforefaid, for afiembling the Men of the hid Local Militia, in order to their being chofen or ballotted to ferve according to the Dire&iont of this Ad, and (hall alfo appoint the Time and Place of afiembling fuch of the faid Men as (nail be fo chofen or ballotted within their refpedive Counties, Stewartrics or Places, in order to their being embodied ; of which feveral Appointments the refpedive Deputy Lieutenants (hall have Notice ; and all the Men enrolled on the Lift of every fuch Subdivifion or Diftrid, and appearing in purfuance of fuch Order on the Day fo to be appointed, (hall be then muftered by the faid Deputy Lieutenants, and the (aid Deputy Lieutenants (hall at fuch Meeting proceed in die manner by this Ad direded, to caufe a Number of the Men fo Spearing to be chofen or ballotted for, according to the Diredions ef this Ad, equal to fuch Proportion of the complete Number that fadbeen or ought to be enrolled by virtue of this Ad, on the Lift 4 fbch Subdivifion or Diftrid, as (hall or may be fpecified in His Ifcjeihr’s Order for drawing out and embodying any rart or Propor-#n of the Local Militia as aforefaid, and to caufe the Nanjes of all Ik Perfons chofen and ballotted to be marked on the Lift of fuch fibdirifion or Diftrid; and when the Choice and Ballot (hall be Aseloded, the faid Deputy Lieutenants (hall caufe the Lift of fuch fcbdivifion or Diftrid to be publicly called; and as the 'Name of tsd Perfon contained therein (hall be read, (hall then and there Mat whether fuch Perfon is or is not (as the cafe may be) chofen ♦Hotted out of fuch Lift in the manner hereinbefore provided ; M the Names of all the Perfons fo chofen and ballotted (hall be •turned to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, for which fuch Perfons are enrolled, or to the Deputy Lieutenants who M hate given fuch Order as aforefaid 5 and the Perfons fo chofen mi ballotted (hall be embodied to ferve according to the true Intent of this Ad ; and the faid Deputy Lieutenants (hall openly declare to the Men, who have been (o cnofen or ballotted, the Time and Place of their afiembling, in order to their being embodied 5 and all nd efeiy fuch Perfons or Perfon who (hall have been declared to be (b chofen or ballotted, (hall immediately proceed and repair to, and Hull duly attend at the Time and Place (o to be appointed and de-darfd, is order to their or his being embodied accordingly; and all nd every fuch Perfon9 or Perfon as (hall be fo declared not to have been fo chofen or ballotted as aforefaid, (hall be difeharged from fntber Attendance in purfuance of fuch Order as aforefaid.

CXLI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Deputy Lieutenants, in their feveral Subdivifion Meetings, and before they proceed to choofe or ballot, as hereinbefore direded, to revife and corred the Names of the Men contained in fuch Clafs or Clafles, according to the feveral Changes or Alterations that may have taken place fince the laft Revifal or Correction thereof.

CXLII. And be it further enafted, That whenever His Maiefty (ball think fit to draw out and embody a Part or Proportion only of the Local Militia of any Countv, Stewartry or Place, the Deputy Lieutenants in their feveral Subdivifions (half, before they proceed to choofe or ballot for the private Men who ait to form fuch Part or D d 2	Propor-



405

and Time and Place for aflem-bling Men chofen, of which Deputy Lieutenant (hall give Notice, and (hall caufe a Proportion of Men to bo ballotted for, and their Names marked on Lift which is to be called over, and Names of Perfons chofen returned to County Lieutenant, &c* and Time and Place of being embodied declared, and Men not chofen difeharged from further Attendance.

Deputy Lieutenants may correct Gaffes.

When His Majesty (hall order only Part of any Militia to be embodied, Deputy Lieutenants (ball ex*.

40 5

C.6S.

A.D.tEit-

52® GEO. III.

mine Clafles, and if Number required thall equal Firft, or Firlt and Second, or fucceeding, Cl-fles in their Order, the Men Coritair.edtherein ftnil be chofen ^ ;*boHt Ballot; hi': it lets than Fir,I Clais, the Number (hall be baliotted fo’i thereout, and if more than that and any futcceding Cl.es in Order, f. ch ClalTes (hall he firll choten, and Remainder bal-lotted h r out of next Cl is to the lad wholly Ukcn, Jtc.

If any Perfon enrolled in any Siftcliviflon of County, Local Militia whereof (hall be ordered to be embodied, (hall defer t,

See. and (hall not be taken within Three Months, Vacancy filled up by frelli Ballot.

Any Perfon enrolled and not chofen, not having a Child under 14, may be accepted as a Volunteer.

Proportion, examine the Clafles of the Descriptions hereinbefore men* tioned, entered according to the Provifions of this A&, and in every cafe in which the Part or Proportion of the Militia required t» bt called out in fuch Subdivifion Shall equal the Number of Men «•* tained in fuch Firft, or Firft and Second or other fucceeding ClsAfr * in their Order, then and in fuch cafe the Men contained in fuch CSM or Clafles, as the cafe may be, (hall be forthwith chofen without JflM Ballot; and when the Proportion of Men fo required as *fbreM(i (hall be lefs than the Number of Men contained in fuch Firft then fuch Proportion (hall be baliotted for out of fuch Clafs only, no other ; and when the Proportion fo required as aforefaid (haQ ceed the Number of Men contained in the Firft, or Firft and any fafr ceeding Clafs or Clafles in the Order in which they (hall fo ftanftl' aforefaid, the Deputy Lieutenants lhall firft choofe all the M»l fuch Firft Clafs, or Firft and next fucceeding Clafs or Clafles, 0 fuch Proportion (hall be as near as may be completed, and fhaB proceed to ballot in manner directed by this Act for tbe Retm of the Proportion fo required as aforefaid, out of the Clafs ii diately following the laft Clafs that (hall have been wholly til towards making up fuch Proportion as aforefaid ; and the Depl Lieutenants (hall proceed in like manner for fupplying of any ford Part or Proportion of Local Militia, in cafe any further Part fbo be afterwards ordered by His Majesty to be embodied, and (fa during the whole of the time that a Part or Proportion only of t Local Militia lhall remain embodied, fupply all Vacancies,.as ti (hall arife, in fuch Part or Proportion, out of the Claftes ftand in Succcilion, and (hall in no cafe proceed to ballot for thefi plying of any Vacancy out of any Clafs, until all tbe Men contak in the preceding Clais or Clafles, who (hall be able and fit to joiofifl Local Militia, (hall have been chofen for that Purpofe.

CXLII1. And be it further enacted, That whenever the L« Militia, or any Part or Proportion of the Local Militia of any Com Stewartry or Place, (hall have been ordered to be drawn out 1 embodied in purfuance of this Act, in cafe any of the Perfoos rolled in any Subdivifion of iuch County, Stewartry or Place, t Local Militia whereof lhall be fo ordered to be drawn out aad d bodied as afoafaid, (hall make Default either by not appearing purfuance of any fuch Order as aforefaid, or by Defcttton or AbftM From Duty, and fuch Perfon (hall not be taken within the Space! Three Mouths from the time of fuch Default, then a Vacancy flu be declared by the Deputy Lieutenants, at their Firft Meeting tow holden for the Subdivifion for which the Perfon fo making Detain was enrolled, next after the Receipt of the Certificate of fuch DcfauhJ Defertion or Abfcncc, under the Hands of the Officer commaikliaf the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which fuch Perfon belonged^ and the Vacancy thus occalioned (hall be forthwith filled up by*! freftr Ballot within the Subdivifion aforefaid.	1

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any; Perfon enrolieft by virtue of this Act, and not chofen or baliotted as aforefaid, \rhm (hall not have any Child or Children living under the Age of Four*l teen Years, (hall offer iiimfelf as a Volunteer, to be drawn out and em* bodied in the Room of any Perfon fo chofen or baliotted, it (ball be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at any Meeting, to accept fuck Volunteer in the Ropmof fuch Perfon fo chofen or baliotted .as afora S _	(aid*



Google

AJIiSn.

52° GEO. IIL

C. 68.

407

U4 wd foch PerfoB Go accepted fhall ferve as if he had himfclf been to ckoka or baUotted in manner afbrefaid.

CXLV. And be it further ena&ed, That every Man of the faid M* n attending Local Militia who fhall appear and attend at the Ballot to be taken at Ballot and • baekbefcre directed, and who Hull not be chofen or ballotted as »*^t being chofen, atswW, fhall be entitled to an Allowance, after the Rate of One ‘ owance, c. Shilling per Diem, during the time he fhall be necefTarily employed fan Hone, in going to and continuing at, and returning from the Pfcce to be appointed for fuch Ballot, not to exceed Three Days, to by the Clerk of the Subdivifion or other Meeting in which fait Men fhall be enrolled ; and on the Certificate of the Number of fan fb paid, under the Hand* of fuch Deputy Lieutenants and fahew of the Peace refpe&iveiy, or where no Deputy Lieutenant fall there attend, then of any One fuch Juflice of the Peace as afore-fakthe Collector of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, fhall re-UpHe to the faid Clerk the Sums fo paid, out of any Monies in his fasds of any Aid granted by Parliament by way of Land Tax.

*/ CXLV I. And be it further enadfced. That the refpe&ive Clerks Clerks may draw it the Subdivifion. or other Meetings fhall be and they are hereby au- “Pon Collector, fttrited aod empowered to draw on the Collector of the Land Tax x^e^u^Lieute-fatbe County, Stewartry or Place, for fuch Sum ofr Sums of Money na^&c. for ilfuch Deputy Lieutenants and Juftices of the Peace refpedtively, Money to pay % where no Deputy Lieutenant fhall attend, then as one Juflice of Allowance!.

% Peace ftall^ by any Order, under their or his refpe&ive Hands or Bmi, direcl and appoint, which Sum or Sums of Money fhall be Jtofad by fucb refpe&ive Clerks for paying the Allowances herein-litre dire&ed to be made; and the Receipt of any fuch Clerk, to-Ijther with fuch Order, fhall be to the. faid Collector of the Land Tittafufficient Difcharge for the Payment of fuch Sum or Sums of fawsy, and be allowed iu his Account.

GXLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of each Clerks when fabdflrifion or other Meeting fhall, when required by fuch Deputy required, Lieutenants and Juftices of the Peace, or where no Deputy Lieu- !^ak* ttaant fhall attend* then by One Jullioe of the Peace, make out an received and”'** Aoooant of the refpedive Sums of< Money by Him received and paid, paid, to be ex-9 ptufiignec of this Ad, to be by them examined, allowed and amined and Sgped; and the Account fo examined, allowed and figned, /hall be *lkwed. mi i« hereby directed to be the proper Voucher and Acquittal of fob Glcrk for the. Application and Difpofxl of fuch Money.

GXLVIIf. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein con- HisMajeftymay tfoed (kail be conftrued to debar His Majesty from ordering the order Remainder Remainder of the faid Local Militia, or fo many of the Remainder Local Militia of the faid Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, as His t0 eem le MfieAy fhall in bis W-ifdom think proper, to be drawn out and embodied whenever the Occafion fhall require, according to the Pro- ^ vifious preferibed by this Act.

CXLIX. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever His Majesty County Lieute-fball think fit to draw out and embody any further Proportion of nan*.&c-to the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, it fhall be	Ru,®s

lawful for the Lieutenant of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, or ^cSyfng Firft Three or more Deputy Lieutenants as aforefaid, and he and they is proportion, and are hereby refpe&ively required to caufe fuch further Proportion to be drawn out and embodied as Hie Majesty fhall order ; and in fb doing fuch Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants refpedtively,

D d 3	and	^

VnOOQLC

While any Part of Local Militia (hall continue embodied, His Majesty may order any, not e mbodied, to be drawn out to be muttered, &c.

When the whole Local Militia of County, &c. is ordered to be embodied, all Officers,&c. lhall join ; and when Part, fuch Proportion of them *s His Majetty (hall direct.

His Majefly may difemhody Lot al Militia and embody them, &c.

I^ocal Militia when difem-hodied fubjevt to fame Orders only as Ik-fore being drawn out.

C .68.

ja° GEO. III.

AD. 181*.

and alfo all and every the Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officer* aforefaid refpedively, fhall purfue the Rules and Directions heron-before preferibed for drawing out and embodying the Firft Proportion thereof.

CL, And be it further enaded, That, if during fuch time as any Part of the Local Militia which (hall have been drawn out and embodied for Service, fhall continue embodied, His Majefly (ball deem it expedient that the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, or any Part thereof, which fhall not at fuch time be a&uaUy embodied for Service, fhould be drawn out in order to be muttered, trained and exercifed, for a limited time, inilead of being fo embodied for Service, according to the Provifions of this Ad, it (hall be lawful for His Majefly to dired the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of all or any of the faid Counties, Stewartries or Flues, to caufe the faid Local Militia not adually embodied, or any Pat thereof, to be drawn out, in order to be muftered, trained and cxer* cifed, in fuch Proportion, anf^for fuch time, and at fuch Place or Places, as fhall be appointed, with tbe Approbation of His Majesty, by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, in manner as is beitis-before direded for training and exercifing tbe difembodied Local Militia; and the fame Audi be muftered, trained and exerdM accordingly.

CLl. And be it further enaded, That, whenever the Whole of the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, is ordered to be embodied, all the Officers, Non Comraifnoned Officers and Dnu* roers of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Local Militia of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, (hall immediately join tbe Regi^ ment, Battalion or Corps to which they refpedively belong, at tbe? Time and Place appointed for the embodying fuch Local Militia\ and whenever the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Pla* is called out and embodied by Detachments or Divifions, under tBy Order of His Majefly for that Purpofe, purfuant to the Provifio* of this Ad, it fhall be lawful for His Majefly to order and dired tbs Proportion and Defcription of Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers and Drummers, who fhall accompany fuch Detachments or Dmfioas of Men, and the refpedive Eftablifnments of fuch Detachments or Divifions, and alfo to regulate the Numbers and Duties of all fuck Officers, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, as (hall remain witha any fuch County, Stewartry or Place, for the muttering, training and exercifing of the Remainder of the private Local Militia Mea thereof, as the Service may require, and to His Majefly may f«B moft fit and convenient.

CLIL And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for H is Majefly from time to time, as he fhall think fit, to difembody any Part or Proportion of any Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, embodied under this Ad, and from time to time spin to draw out and embody any fuch Local Militia fo difembodied as aforefaid, or any Proportion thereof, as to His Majefly fhall fecro necefiary, according to the Rules and Provifions of this Ad.

CLill. And be it further enaded, That when the Local Milrtb, or any Part thereof, having been fo drawn out into adual Service as aforefaid, fhall be again duly difembodied, and the Officers and Men thereof difmifled to return to their feveral Places of Abode, the Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and prifawMea,

~	' 1 *	M

VjOOQ 1C

C.68.

52° GEO. III.

409

flail be fubje& to the lame Orders, Directions and Engagements only, at they were fubjeCt to under the Provifions of this Adt, before they were fo drawn out into a&ual Service as aforefaid.

CLIV. And whereas it may be expedient that, in all cafes of In cafe of adual Invafion, or of imminent Danger thereof, and in cafe of Re- In**Con> hellion. His Majesty (hould be empowered to increafe, without Delay, the Number of Local Militia Forces, for the more effectual Protection tarnation r|n-and Defence of this Realm ; Be it therefore enaCted, That it (hall be creafe Local lawful for His Majesty (the Occasion being firft communicated to M litia, not ex-Parlament, if the Parliament (hall be then fitting, or declared in ceding Six Council and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament (hall be then imnjor in being) to order and diredt, by His Royal Proclamation, MilitbLand tint m Addition to the Number of Men required by or under the County lieute-iartgoin^ Provifions of this Ad, to be raifed by the feveral Counties, nantt,&c. (hall ftfwartnes and Places herein mentioned, there (hall be forthwith apportion Num-n&d and enroUed in the faid feveral Counties, Stewartriea and Places, ^

Mj Number of Men as will, in Addition to and together with and Men, at facti"™

Winding the effe&ive Yeomanry and Volunteers lerving in fuch time as (hall be

County, Stewartry or Place, or Part of fuch County, Stewartry fpecified in Pro-

sr Place, together with the Local Militia raifed for fuch County, clamation.

Stewartij or Place, under the Provifions of this A6t, make the whole 42 G*3*c*91 *

force of fuch County, Stewartry or Place equal to Six times the

anginal Quota of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, under an Ad

pled in the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majesty: Provided

fays, that fuch effedive Yeomanry and Volunteers /hall be exclufive

rf Supernumeraries ferving without Pay above the Eftablifhment of

fecii Corps who (hall have been enrolled after the Firft Day of April

Ose thoufand eight hundred and eight $ and the Lieutenants and

Deputy Lieutenants refpedively of the (aid Counties, Stewartries

aid Places (hall, immediately on the ifTuing of any fuch Proclamation,

alemble and forthwith proceed to apportion the Number of Men

required to be raifed in their refpedive Counties, Stewartries and

Places, among the feveral Parifhes or Places therein refpedively; and

flail thereafter proceed to raife and enrol fuch Men, at fuch time or

times as (hall be fpecified for that Purpofe in fuch Proclamation ; and

all the Powers, Provifions, Regulations, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Bounties, Allowances, Claufes, Matters and Things in this Ad contained, relative to the Local Militia, (hall be applied, pradifed, enforced and put in Execution, for the raifing, training and excrcifing, and for the embodying and calling out into adual Service, fuch additional Number of Local Militia as aforefaid fo ordered and direded to be raifed and enrolled, in as full and ample a manner in every refped 21 for as the fame can be applied and put in force, as if the faid Num<> her of Men fo added to tne Local Militia had been included in the Number of Men required and direded to be raifed by virtue of this A1

CLV. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever His Majesty yicaufe fuch additional Number of Local Militia as aforefaid to be

When fuch additional Number

ruled aud enrolled, or drawn out and embodied as aforefaid, if the Pitliament (hall then be feparated by fuch Adjournment or Proroga- Majesty (h«ll tkm as will not expire within Fourteen Days, His Majesty may and i(Tuc ProcUma-MifFue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within tion for M.eting Fourteen Days, and the Parliament fhalT accordingly meet and fit of Parliament, upon fuch Day as (hall be appointed by fuch Proclamation, and Dd 4	continue

VjOOQ 1C	^

4io

C. 68.

A.D.1812.

HisMijcfty, by Prockmation, way reduce and difembody fuch additional Number of Local Militia; and Privates fo dil’embodied or thole enrolled and not embodied, ft)all remain liable to ferve for Periods for which en« rolled, and ihall iu^ply Vacancies;

and no Fallot (hall take place while Inch Vacancies can be fupplicd from them, but they ihall not be liable to fupply Vacancies for any other Place than that for which originally enroll; d. Counties /»c.for each Man deficient at certain Peiiod.

Penalty.

Provifo.

52° GEO. HI.

continue to fit and a& in like manner to all Intents and Purpofesat if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the fame Day.

CLVI. And be it further enadied, That it (hall be lawful for Hip Majesty from time to time (whenever he (hall deem it expedient to | reduce the Whole or any Part of fuch additional Number of Local Militia as aforefaid, by his Royal Proclamation to declare fuch RS* \ duclion accordingly ; and in cafe fuch additional Number of Lool j Militia as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, fhall be then embodied)^ difembody the fame, or any Number of private Local Mititia M& equal thereto, without regard to whether Rich Men vhrre raifed aif| ! inrollcd in purfuance of any Proclamation for railing fuch additibciL Number of Local Militia as aforefaid, or were enrolled before, jg were ferving at the time of the iflu'ing thereof; and the private B|P] litia Men io difembodied as aforefaid, ‘or fo many of them as 1 have been enrolled and not embodied at the time of iftuing fuefi 1 carnation, fhall neverthclefo remain liable to ferve for the refpeq Periods for which they (hail have been refpettively inroflrd ter fcf and fhall, during fuch Periods, fupply all the Vacancies that r arife in the refpetlive Parifhes or Places, oi* United PaHfhes pr Pta for which they fhall have been fo enrolled, whenever called up& to do ; and the Deputy Lieutenants o? the refpeftive SubdiVrfiooS' fhall, from time to time, caufe afiy Man dr Men, as the cafe be, that may be required for fupplying any Vacancy or Vacancies in the eftablifhed Local Militia that may arife for any Parifh or or United Parifhes or Places in their refpeCtice Subdivifions, toll* taken from their refpedlive Claffcs as aforefaid, or ballot ted as tile cafe may require, according to the Provifions in this A& ‘ contained, relating to the taking Men for the Local Militia from Clafles, unfit all the Men fo remaining liable, and that ffiall be fit to ferve, ffitS' have fupplied fuch Vacancies : Provided always, that no Ballot fKffl take place for the raifing and inrolling any Man to fupply toy Vacancy that may arife from any Parifh or Place, fo long’astro famq. can be fupplied from any Men, or by any Man, then enrolled for fuch Parifh or Place that fhall remain liable and be fit to ferre: Provided alfo, that no Man fo remaining liable to ferve as aforefaid for any Parifh or Place fhall be called upon or be liable to fupply anf Vacancy arifing for any other Parifh or Place, than that for which he fhall be originally enrolled to ferve under the Provifions of this Ad.

CLVU. And he it further enabled, That every County, Stew-artry, Place or Parifh for which the full Number of Men required by any Order of His Majesty under this Act fhall not have been ballottod and enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of February foe-cecding fuch Order, if given Three Months before fuch Fourteenth Day or February, or in which any Deficiencies or Vacancies ariGng in fuch Local Militia fhall not be filled up before the Fourteenth Day of February after the fame fhall have arifen, if the fame fhall have arifen Three Months before fuch Fourteenth Day of February, fhall be fubje*5t to a Fine of Fifteen- Pounds lor every Man remaining deficient.

CLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That every Parifh or Place in which fuch Fine Ihall have arifen, and in which focli Deficiency filed] be thereafter fupplied, fhall be entitled to deduct or have a Return of Two Third Parts of any fuch Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March,

* and

* ^



C.68»

52° GEO. in.

4U

and One Third Part of every fuch Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man enrolled before the Firft Day of April\ after any fuch Fine (hall Have fo arifen as a fore fa id.

CLIX. And be it further ena&ed, That the Conftables and other Conflablesto Officers of all Parilhes and Places for which any Local Militia Man make Return*, Ihall be ferving fliall make diligent Enquiry as to all Men enrolled in afeertain the Local Militia, for the Parilhcs or Places for which they (hall tuppUed! ** fefgeftiveiy be Conftables or Officers, and ihall before the Four-	PP •

teruth Day of November in each Year, return to the Clerk of the SiMviGon within which fuch Pariflies or Places ihall be, and alfo to tie Colonel or otht*r Commandant of any Regiment of Local Mi*

Jftia in which Men (hall be ferving for fuch Pariflies or Places, a true Account of all Pcifons ferving for fuch Pariih or Place in the Local Militia, fpecifying fuch as ihall have died or left th-ir Refidence, and whether the Perform not then redding in fuch Pariih or Place fiali have wholly left fuch Pariih or Place, or ihall dill retain any ftoufe, Relidence or Lodging, in fuch Pariih or Place, and alfo the Place to which fuch Perfous (h all haye gone as have changed their kvfidences, if tlie fame can be afeertained; and every Conti able or other Officer who ihall neglect or refufe to make any fuch Return, iir Ihafl wilfully make any falfe Return, ihall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds.	Penalty.

ttLX. And be it further enabled, That the refpe&ive Com- Commandant!o# mandants of the Regiments of Local Militia in Scotland fliall ^within Regiments (haU tWtcen Days after the Fourteenth Day of February in each Year, ^nl5niJ.ti> . trinimit to the C!lerk of Supply, to be laid before the Commiflioners Cemficates of afonMed at the feveral Meetings to aflefs the Land Tax, next after Number of tlieFir& Day of March in each Year, Certificates of the Number of Deficiencies.

Men then remaining deficient in their refpe&ive Regiments, diftin-guifhing the Period for which fuch Deficiencies or vacancies have nulled, by what Caufe occafioned, and for what Diftridl, Divifion or Pariih.

CL XI. And be it further enadted, That the Commiflioners of Com mi (lion er» Supply of every fuch County, Stewartry and Place, aflembled at the of Supply upon Meetings fur aflelflng the Land Tax, to be held next after the Firil Day of March i f each Year, ihall upon the Receipt of the aforefaid Aflelf-Certificate of the Commandant, Which Certificate he is hereby re- meat, quired to tranfmit to the Clerk of Supply of fuch Countv, Stewartry or Place, in order to be laid before the faid Commiflioners of Supply refpcdtively at fuch Meetings, rate and aflefs the faid Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Man as aforefaid upon every fuch County, Stewartry or Place, in the manner directed by the aforefaid A£t, pafled iii the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, inti- 49 G. 3. c.?o. tuled An A3 for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of the Militia Men in Scotland, when called into actual Service; and the Clerk of Supply of every fuch County, Stewartry or Place ihall, wiibin Fourteen Days after every fuch Afleflment fliall have been made, tranfmit to the Receiver General of Scotland an Account, fpecifying the Amount of the Afleflment in each Pariih, and the Sub-dmfion to which fuch Parifh belongs.

CLXII. And be it further enamed, That the Commiflioners of Such AflcflT-Supply aforefaid, in making any fuch Rate and Afleflment upon the went# upon Whole of any County, Stewartry or Place, (hall apportion the Suras Co“"t,M to lo to be affefled as aforefaid, and rate and aflefs the fame upon the parifo^J<^or-

J	feveral



Google



C .68.

$2* GEO. IIL

AJD.1812.

tiooally to Number of Men it is required to raile.

WTien Defi- * ciency (hall arife in any particular Parifh or Parities, the Af-feflhnent (hall be made thereon.

Commiflionersof Supply totranl*-mic Amount of Sums aflefTed to Subdivifion Clerk, who (hall five Notice to Collector.

Collectors may deduct for Men railed within ccmm Periods.

CoileCtors on receiving inch Money fluH

feveral Parifhes in fuch County, Stewartry or Place, in the lame Proportions in which the Men for the Local Militia are required to be raifed by fuch Parifhes refpe&ively, according to fuch Apportionment as may have been made thereof in purfuance of this Act, or to the laft Apportionment that (hall have been made of Men to be raifed by each Parifh or Place.

CLXIII. And be it further enaded, That when in any County, Stewartry or Place, fuch Deficiency of Men (hall arife from the Default of any particular Parifh or Parifhes in fuch County, Stewartry or Place, m not raifing the Proportion or refpe&ive Proportions of Men required to be railed by any fuch Parifh or Parifhes, then and in fuch cafes the faid Commiflioners of Supply, in making fuch Rate and AfTefTment as aforefaid, fhall rate and affefs all and every fuck Sum and Sums of Money upon fuch Parifh or Parilhcs that fhall have fo made Default as aforefaid, in Proportion to the Number of Men by which each of fuch Parifhes fhall fall fhort of the Number of Men required to be raifed therein.

CLXIV. And be it further enaCted, That the Commiflioners of Supply of the feveral Counties, Stewartries and Places, where any fuen Rate and AfTefTment fhall be made as aforefaid, fhall, immediately after the making of any fuch Rate and AfTefTment as aforefaid, tranfmit or caufe to be tranfmitted the feveral Amounts of the Sums fo aflefTed upon the Teveral Parifhes to the refpeCtive Clerks of the Subdivision to which fuch Parifhes refpeCtively belong, and alfo a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary at War; and fuch Clerks of Subdivifion fhall, within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, caufe Notice thereof to be given to the refpeCtive Collectors of the Cefs of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, wherein the feveral Parifhes upon which any fuch Rate or AfTefTment fhall have been made as aforefaid, fhall be fituated; and fuch Collectors fhall proceed to levy the fame within Fourteen Days after fuch Notice as aforefaid of fuch Rate or AfTefTment.

CLXV. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That whenever any Sum fhall have l>ecn fo aflefTed upon any Parifh or Place for Men certified to be deficient upon the fourteenth Day of Feb* ruary, it fhall neverthelefs be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant ading for the Subdivifion in which fuch Parifh may be (ituated, in all cafes in which any Man (hall have been fubfequently enrolled to fupply fuch Deficiency, to certify to the Clerk ot fuch Subdivi-fion the Date of fuch Enrolments refpeCtively ; and if it (hall appear from the Certificate that fuch Men were enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the Firft Day of Aprils it (ball be lawful for the Clerk of fuch Subdivifion, and he is hereby required to remit to every fuch Parifh fuch Two Thirds or One Third Part of fuch Fiue refpedtively as is hereinbefore directed to be returned to fuch Parifh for every Man enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the Firft Day of April refpeCtively; and the Collectors of fuch Parifh arc hereby authorized to make a Deduction of Two Thirds or One Third Part of fuch Fine (as the cafe may be) from the Amount of the AfTefTment made Upon fuch Parifh for every Man fo certified to have been enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the Firft Day of Abril refpeCtively.

CLXV I. And be it further enaCted, That the faid Collectors levying any fuch Sum or $ums of Money, fhall within Ten Days

9	after

C. 68*

413

I12.	520	geo.	in.

e Receipt thereof, remit the Amount thereof to the Receiver I of Scotland, who (hall within Ten Days after the Receipt remit the fame to the Bank of England, to be placed to the t of the Agent General for the Local Militia; and during iod of Three Months from fuch Firft Day of April next ag the making any fuch Rate and Afleflment as aforefaid, be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant of the Subdivifion of 1 County, Stewarti y or Place, within which fuch Parifh or tall be fituate, to raife any Volunteer or Volunteers for fuch filitta, in lieu of fuch Man or Men as (hall be fo deficient Gaid, and to agree with every fuch Volunteer for a Bounty ceding the Sum of Two Guineas; and the Deputy Lieu->efbre whom any fuch Volunteer (hall be duly examined, i, (worn and enrolled to ferve in the Local Militia, (hall tranf-rrtificate of fuch Inrolment to the Agent General, and upon ludtion to the faid Agent General of fuch a Certificate under ads of fuch Deputy Lieutenants as aforefaid, of any fuch er having been duly examined, approved, fwom and enrolled in the Local Militia, and of a Certificate under the Hands [Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps ia of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, of fuch Man having tis Regiment, Battalion or Corps, the faid Agent General d be is hereby required under the Dire&ion of the Secretary to pay out of fuch Money in his Hands as aforefaid, any Money not exceeding the faid Sum of Two Guineas for fuch Volunteers as aforefaid*

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Agent General ofe Hands or to whofe Account any fuch Money (hall be ill give a Receipt for fuch Money to the Perfon or Perfons the fame, which Receipt (hall be a fufficient Difcharge for yment; and that when the whole Sum dire&ed to be raifed County, Stewartry or Place as aforefaid, (hall be paid into the of the Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, in :e of this Ad, fuch Payment (hall be a full Difcharge and ification to fuch County, Stewartry or Place, for the Failure ed in railing and training the Number of Men in the Local for the Year in refpedt whereof fuch Payment (hall be made; Money fo paid into the Hands of the faid Agent General, i Account at the Bank, (hall be applied to the Purpofes of al Militia, and (hall be accounted for yearly to Parliament: [VUI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That Jerk of Subdivifion to whom any fuch Money (hall be paid jfud, (hall be allowed for his Pains and Trouble the Sum of any in the Pound, upon the whole Sum fo by him received d; which Allowance every fuch Clerk of Subdivifion is hereby ted to detain in his Hands out of the Money fo received , before Payment made to the Receiver General as aforefaid; Ty Collector, who (hall adl in the railing and collecting of the ooey, (hall refpedtively be allowed and paid by fuch Clerk of ifion, as a Recompence for their Trouble thefein, the Sum of 'tuny in the Pound of all fuch Money, in the raifing and iog whereof they (hall refpedtively a& as aforefaid ; and fuch of Subdivifion is hereby authorized and required to dedudt he oit of the Money fo received by him as aforefaid, and



remit fame to Agent General, who (hall pay thereout Bounties to Volunteers.

When AflelT-ment upon any Place is paid to Agent General, it lhall be indemnified for not raifing its Quota.

Clerks of Subdivifion may detain id. per Pound of Money they receive, and (hall make a like Allowance to High Conftables, Sec. out of fuch Sums as they (hall be concerned in collecting.

4»4

C.68.

$2° GEO. III.

A.D. *Six.

Clerks of Supply to tranfmit annually Copies of Certificates received from County Lieutenants, and where not deli* vered, to certify fuch O million to Secretary at

CommifiSoaers.

to' pay the refpe&ive Proportions thereof to facb Cofe&ora » aforefaid.

CLXIX. And be it further eaiafted, That the Clerk of Supply for every County, Stewartry or Flape, (ball and he is hereby required, wit))in Fourteen Days next after the Meeting tQ be hekt far affeffiug the Land Ta*, yearly, to twfmit to the Secretary at Ww a Copy figned by fuch Clerk of Supply, of every CectifcaXe which he (hall have received fiot# the Commajidanta oi thj? feverai Jfcegj-ments of Local Militia in fuel* County, Stewartry or Place a* afcne-faid ; and where fupk Certificate (hail be omitted to be delivered, the Clerk q£ Supply (frail certify fuch Orniilion to the Secretary a. War, and tocer- War, aud that fuch Clerk of Supply, hath* certified the fame to, the tify Omiffions of Commifljoners of Supply affembted at their Annual Meeting to affirtt a	{be Land Ta*, and required fiuph Conanojffionprs of Supply to proceed)

according to the Direftiona of thip Aft, apcj fuch Clerk oF Supply (hall alfo certify what Proceedings, have been had at fuch Ajumi Meetings, in relation to the affeffiug and, raifing of the Lid Mpney, where the Lqcal Militia (hall, not have been railed ; aud in cafe fuch Commifiioners of Supply (hall omit, npglpft or refuff to.proceed ux raife the fajd Mpuey,. according t,Q the Directions of this Aft, then the Clerk of Supply of fuch County, Stewartry or Place,.(hall and is hereby required \vithin Fourteen Days next after fuch Annual Mret-ing, to certify to the Secretary at War fuch Qrmffipn* Ncgieft nr Refufal of Inch Comn^fiipners of Supply, aud the Namea-of the Com-roiffioners of Supply who (ha}( be prefeut at fuch Meeting; and the Secretary at War is hereby empowered and required, on Receipt of: fuch Certificate, forthwith to giye Djreftions to the Solicitor for Taxes in Scotian(/, to proceed by «\11 liich legal ways and* means aa (hall be moll effectual and expeditious, to compel fuch Commiffioucrs of Supply tQ pay due Obedience to .this Aft, and tQ caufe the laid Money to be railed, collected and paid.

CLXX. And be it further enafted, Thai if the fajd Sumof Fifteea not railed many Pounds per Man, to be raifed andjp^id ift any fuch County, Stewartry * nt^Jene or ^ace 38 afqrefajd, (hall not he levied, collected apd paid into the xal, the"Solicitor Hands of the Agent General, or to hi^ Accost at the bank, in for Taxes in manner hercinbelore direfted, tfre SofrcitQi for Tax#* ift ScotUaJ is hereby required fprthwith, upon Knovylfdgp or Information thereof, to proceed, by all fuch legal ways apd mean$ as- fijall be. nao^ effectual and expeditious, to compel the levying and collecting of fuch Money and the Payment thereof into the Hands of the Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, as aforefaid*

CLXXI. And be it furtlier enafted, That if,aj*y, Clerk of Supply (hall refufe or wilfully neglect to receive, dsliver, preferye. make, re. cord or tranfmit any fuch Certificates as aforefajd, or M?y Account of AflefTmcnts hereby direftfd to be tranfmitted to tbe Receiver General of Scotland, according to the Direftions and true Meauing of this Aft, every fuch Clerk of Supply fo offending (hall, foy every fuch Offence, forfeit aud pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and (hail alio forfeit his Office, and be rendered incapable of having, receiving or holdiug any Office of Truft, Civil or Military, under the Crown ; and if any Clerk of Subdivifion, Collector or other Officer who ought to aft and affiil iu the railing and collefting of the faid Money, (hall wilfully omit or negleft or refufe to aft or therein, according to'the* Direction and true Meaning of this Ad,

every



If 15I. per M«u

Scotland tu compel its being done.

Negleft of Only in Clerks of SuppJy, &c.

Penalty.

AD.iSii,

$2* GEO. III.

C.68.

4*5

rvery fuch Clerk of Subdivision fo offending fhall, for every fuch

Offence, forfeit and pay the 8um of Two hundred Pounds; and Penalty.

every fuch Coile&or or other Officer fo offending fhall, for every

foch Offence# forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and the

Solicitor for Taxes in Scotland (hall, and he is hereby required, when Solicitor of

directed fo to do by the Secretary at War as aforefaid, with all due fecute CommU*

Defence, toprofeente with Effort all fuch Commiffioncrs of Supply, fi0ner%

Clerks of Subdivifion and other Officers, who fhall omit, neglect or &c. for Neglect.

refttk to perform the Duty required of them reflectively by this

Ad, touching the railing, collecting and paying of the faid Money 5

and in cafe the Solicitor for Taxes in Scotland fhall wilfully omit of

delay to proceed againff any fuch Commiffioncrs of Supply, Clerk.9

uf Subdivifion or other Officers aforefaid, he fhall, for every fuch

Oflroce, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

CLXXli. And be it further £naCted, That every Clerk ofSubdivi- Subdivifion Son Meetings fhall, if required fo to do by the Deputy Lieutenants j~lerks t0 S,v® atfemblcd at any General or Subdivifion Meeting, give Security by 0A *

Bond to His Majesty, whh two fufficient Sureties, in fuch Sums as the Deputy Lieutenants (hall fix, for duly accounting for and remitting all Monies paid into his Hands under the Provifions of this ACE CLXXII1. And be it further enacted. That every Clerk of Sub- Accountkept Ny divifion Meetings fhall keep an Account, in the Form to this Ad C1rerk annexed, marked (I.) or in fuch other Form'as may from time to V 10,1 Ce *** time be dine&ed for that Purpofe by the Secretary at War, of all fines, Penalties and Forfeitures from time to time received by him, aadalfo of all Sams allowed to any Individuals, Counties, Stewartries orParilhrs, by reafon of any Fines or Penalties, or Parts of any Fines or Penalties, being remitted under the Provifions of this Art; and the Deputy Lieutenants or Juftices attending at the time of any fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture being impofed or remitted, or any Two 01 them, fhall and they are hereby required to certify the fame to be corrert, and the Clerk of Subdivifion Meetings fhall verify the fame upon Oath, which Oath any One Deputy Lieutenant or Jnftice of the Peace is authorized to adminiftcr* and fhall tranfmit to the Secretary it War fuch Account made up to the Twenty fourth Day of Deumber in each Year, or to fuch other Period as the Secretary at War fhaH direct.

CLXXIV. And be it further enaCFed, That every Cleric of Sub- Account tranf-dmiioo Meetings fhaH and is hereby required within Seven Days after the Twenty fourth Day of March, June, September and Decern- Meetings to” fer, refpettively in each Year, or oftencr if required, fo tranfmit an Secretary at Account to the Secretary at War for the time being, of all Sums re- War.. ceived by him and paid to the Collector of the Cels, verified upon Oath before One Deputy Lieutenant or Jnftice of the Peace, which Oath any fuch Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Peace is hereby authorized to adminifter and make in the Form in the Schedule to this A St annexed marked-(K.) or fuch other Form as may from time to time be preferibed iu that Behalf by the Secretary at War.

CLXXV. Provided alfo, and be it further enarted, That in all Ne?lerting to cafes in which it is in this Art direrted and required that any Return or Lift fhould be made, or any Notice given, or any Fine, Penalty, Notices* jfcc. Forfeiture or other Money remitted by any Clerk of Supply, or by * any Clerk of General or Subdivifion Meetings* or by any Collertor or by any Colonel Commandant or other Officer of Local Militia, eve

fu



C. 6t.

5a9 geo. nr.

A.D.1812.

Penalty.

Provifo.

Commiflions not to vacate Seat* in Parliament.

Voter* going to Lied ions of Member*.

Non-Commit-fioned Officers, Xcc. not liable to Cerve as Peace Officer*.

Married Local Militia Men may fet up in any Place in G B. as Soldiers may under 24 G. 3. Self. 2. c. 6.

No Stamp Duty on Commiffions.

Bills for Pay and Allowance lec. drawn on un-tapped Paper.

How Penalties recovered and applied.

fuch Clerk of Supply or other Perfon at aforefaid, who (hall omit, negled cr refufe, or wilfully delay making any fuch Return or Lift, or giving any fuch Notice, or remitting any fuch Fine, Penalty, For-feiture or other Money as aforefaid, in the manner direded by this Ad, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein (hall be cooftrued ta extend to any cafe in which any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may ah ready be impofed for any fuch Offence by the Provifiona of this Ad.

CLXXVI. And be it further enaded, That the Acceptance of a Comraiffion in the Local Militia (hall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to ferve in Parliament.

CLXXVII. And be it further enaded. That no Officer, Non Commiflioned Officer, Drummer or private Man of the Local Militia, (hall be liable to any Penalty or Puniffiment for or on Account of his Abfence during the time he (hall be going to vote at any Cledion of a Member to ferve in Parliament, or during the time he (hall be re* turning from fuch Eledion.

CLXXVIII. And be it further enaded, That no Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer of the Local Militia, or any private Man, from the time of his Enrolment until he (hall he regularly difeharged from the Local Militia, (hall be compelled to ferve as a Peace Officer or Pari/h Officer.

CLXXIX. And be it further enaded, That every Perfon having ferved in the Local Militia when drawn out into adual Service, being a married Man, may fet up and exerdfe any Trade in any Town or Place within Great Britain, without any Let, Suit or Moleftation of or from any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for or by reafon of ufiog or exercifing fuch Trade, as freely and with the fame Proviiion6, and under the fame Regulations, and with the like Exception in refped to the Two UniverGties in England, as any Manner or Soldier can or may do by virtue of an Ad paffed in the Twenty fourth Year of His prefent Majesty's Reign, intituled An Ad to enable fuch Officers, Mariners and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia or any Corfs of Fencible Men, fince the Second Tear of His prefent Maiefty’s Reign, to* exerdfe Trades ; and no fuch Local Militia Man (hall be liable to be removed out of any fuch Town or Place, until he is become chargeable to the Parifh. CLXXX. And be it further enaded. That no Commiffion granted

before the palling of this Ad, or which (hall be granted after the ~	‘	to	any	Officer	in	the	Local	Militia, (hall be fub-

paffing of this Act, to any jed to any Stamp Duty.

CLXXXI. And be it further enaded, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Local Militia, and alfo all Bills, Drafts and Orders, by which any Sums of Money or Fines are remitted to the Bank of England, or tne Agent General, or any Perlon or Perfons authorized by the Secretary at War to receive Money on Account' of the Local Militia, may and (hall be drawn upon undamped Paper ; and no fuch Bill, Draft or Order (hall be void by reafon of not being fo drawn or written on damped Paper; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwith-ft an ding.

CLXXXII. And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Ad impofed, which (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, (hall, unlefg hereinbefore otherwife direded, bs

recovered



AJ).i8i2.

C.68.

417

sv geo. in.

recovered by Action of Debt in the Court of Sefiion in Scotland; and that all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, by this Aft impofed, which (hall not exceed the Sum of Twenty rounds, (hall, unlefa hereinbefore otherwife direfted, on Proof ot the Offence either by voluntary Confeffion of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witoeffes, before the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Sub-ftitnte, or any Juftice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place where the Offence (hall be committed, be levied by Diurefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Effefts, by Warrant under the Hand of fuch Sheriff, Stewart or Juflice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Charges of fuch Dif-trefi and Sale, to the Perfon , whofe Goods and Effefts (hall have been fo diftrained and fold; and for Want of fufficicnt Did refs fuch Sheriff, Stewart or Juftice is hereby required, in all cafes where no auricular Time of Commitment is hereinbefore direfted, to commit nch Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry or fhee where the Offence (hall have been committed, for any time nt exceeding Three Months; and the Money arifing by all fuch foes, Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not stherwife particularly direfted by this Aft, (hall be remitted to the Agent General for Local Militia, or to the Bank of Englandy to be paced to his Account, and to be by him applied and accounted for, ib the manner hereinbefore direfted, with refpeft to Fines affeffed upon the Parifhes for Deficiencies.

CLXXXIII. Ajid be it further en^fted. That m all cafes in which it is by this Aft direfted that any Fine, Penalty or For-fiature (hall be impofed by this Aft, it (hall be lawful for any One or more Deputy Lieutenants, Juftices or Magiftrates by whom any fcch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may have been impofed, for any Offence committea againft this Aft, and he or they is or are hereby faded and required within Ten Days after fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may have been impofed, to tranfmit to the Secretary at War a Certificate of the Amount of fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, in the Form of the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (G.) and a Duplicate of every fuch Certificate (hall at the fame time bt tranfmitted to the Solicitor for Taxes in Scotland.

CLXXXIV. And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Pcribns (hall be fummoned as a Witnefs or Witneffes to give Evidence touching any of the Matters relative to this Aft, either on the Part of the Profecutor, or Perfons accufed, and (hall negleft or refufe to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpofe appointed, without reafonahle Excufe for fuch his, her or their Negfeft or Refufol, to be allowed of by the Judges or Juftices before whom the Profecution (hall be depending, that then every fuch Perfon Ihall forfeit for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and paid in fuch manner and by fuch means as is direfted as to the other Penalties.

CLXXXV. And be it further enafted. That the Sheriff, Stewart or Juflice, before whom any Offender (hall be convifted as aforefaid, ihall caufe the faid Conviftion to be made out in the Manner and Fonn following, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effqft, xutatu mutandis; that is to fay,

* UE it remembered, That on the	J)ay	of

<	in	the Year of Our Lord

4 io

DidreGk

Imprifonmeot.

Certificate of Amount of certain Penalties tranfmitted to Secretary at War.

Witnefles not

attending.

Penalty*

Conviftion^

Form.

kjOOQle

4'?

C. 68.

A.D. 1612.

52° GEO. III.

No Order removed or fuper-feded by Advocation.

Limitatien of Adiious.

General Iflue.

Treble Cofti.

Perjury.

Ad altered, &c.

*	in	the Coitnty of	’A.	B of

4	was conviftcd before me C. D. Sheriff [or, Sheriff

4 Depute, or Subftitute, or before us, C. D. and E. F. Two of rf#

*	Majefty’s Juflices of the Peace for the faid County, refiding near

*	the Place where the Offence was committed, its (he cafe may :

4 For that the faid A. B. on the	Day	of

*	now laft paft, did, contrary to the Fomf of the Statute in 4 that £afe made and provided [herefiate the Offence tigatrifl the A8] ;

*	And I or we do declare and adjudge, that the faid A. B. hath for-

4 feited the Sum of	/

CLX&XVI. And be it further enafted, That no Order of Con-fiftion made by ahv Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry Or Place, or by any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any One t)e. ptfty Lieutenant together with any One Juflice of the P**ace, or bj any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, by virtue 6f this Aft, (halite removed by Advocation or Sufpenfion out of the Bounty, SfeWartry or Place wherein fvrch Order or Conviction (hall haVc been made, irito any Court whatfoever; and that ho Bill of AcNocfatfon or Sufpenfion fhall ftiperfede Execution or other Proceedings uOotl any fuch Order or Conviftion fo made in purfuance of this1 Aft; f>W that Execution and other Proceedings (hall be had and xftade there* upon ; any fuch Bill or Allowance thereof notwithftanding.

CLXXXVII. And be it further enafted, That if any Aftion (hall be brought againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfnance o! this Aft, fuch Aftion or Suit fhall be commenced within Six Months next after the Fad committed and not after-wards 5 and the Defender or Defenders in every fuch Aftion or Suit may plead generally, and give this Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence in any fuch Aftion or Suit; and if the Defender or Defenders fhall be afToilzied, or if the Purfuer or Purfuern fliafl difeon-tinue his, her or their A6tion or Suit, after the Defender or Defenders fhall have appeared, or if, upon Objection to the Relevancy, Judgment fhall be given againft the Purfuer or Purfuers, the Defender or Defenders fhall have Treble Cofts or Expenfes, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defender or Defenders hath in other cafes to recover Cofts or Expcnfcs by Law.

CLXXXVJII. And be it further enafted, That any Perfos taking a falfe Oath in any cafe when an Oath is required to be taken by this Aft, fhall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly conviftcd, be liable to fuch Pains and fenal-ties as by any Laws now in force any Perfons convifted of wilful and corrupt Penury are fubjeft and liable to.

CLXXXlX. And be it further enafted, That this Aft maybe altered j amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in tbit prefent Seffion of Parliament^

[«Sr* as to England, an/ef c. 38.3

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

Schedule (A.)

j	Clerk	of	the	Peace for the County of

*	do	hereby	certify.	That	the Officers below fpeci-

fied, fervfog in the	Jhttalion	of	Local

Militia



A.D.1812.

C.58*

4l9

520 GEO. III.

Militia, have left with me their Qualifications as directed in the Ninth Sedion of the A€t for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia.	1

Colonel*

Lieutenant Colonel.

Major*

Captains*

Lieutenants.

Enfigns*

Schedule (B.)

FORM OF OATH.

T	do make Oath, That I am by my

1 Trade a	and have been ufually refident in the

Parifh of	in the County of	that

I am unmarried [or, have a Wife living, at the cafe may be] ; and that I have no Children, [or, not more than Two Children born in Wedlock] ; and that I have no Rupture, nor ever was troubled with Fits, and am no ways difabled by Lamenefs or otherwise, but have the perfect Ufe of my Limbs ; and that 1 am not a Seaman or Seafaring Man. As witnefs my Hand at	the

Day of	One	thoufand	eight	hundred	and

Sworn before me at	this	Day	of

One thoufand eight hundred and Witnefs prefent.

SCHEDULE (C.)

SUBDIVISION of	in	the	County	of

RETURN of Inrolment, dated the	Day of

Pariihes.	NAMES OF MliN.		Date . of Inrolment.	Age.	CLASSES.			
	Ballotted.	Volunteers.			Ift.	ad.	3d.	Lift.
A.  B.	S. Jones.	Tho. Gmy.	June ift. Jd.	22  26	H		X	
Totals.								

Signed A. B. Clerk to Subdivifion Meeting.

52 Gso. Ill*	E	e	SCHEDULE

v^ooQle

420

C. 68,

52“ GEO. IIL-

A.D.1812

SCHEDULE (D.)

RETURN of the  Local Militia of the County of			Company in the  dated the			of the  Day of	
Pariflu	Names of Men Serving.		Age.	CLASSES.			
	Ballotted.	Volunteer		III.	2d.	3*	Lift. |
B.	S. Jones.	—	3*		X		
C.	—	T. Gray.	24	X			
Totals.							
Signed A. B. Captain of						Company.	

SCHEDULE (E.)

RETURN of Private Local Militia Men ferving for the County of Dated the Day of									
Defcription of Men.	No. of each.	Years of Service unexpired.				No. in each Chfs.			
		1.	a.	3*	4.	I.	2.	3*	Lalt
Ballotted  Volunteers									
Totals,									
A.B. Clerk to General Meetings.									



SCHEDULE

A.D.i8i2.

52® GEO. III.

C.6S.

42c

SCHEDULE (F.)

i

Dated the Day of					
Name of the County.	Names of the Men.	Of the 1 Parilh of j	Time of Service expires on	Sum for which they are filing to ferve.	Signature of Confent.
•	4.B,  C.D.	p.  Q-			A.B.  C.D.

SCHEDULE (G.)

'pHIS is to certify, That I [or, we, as the cafe may be~\ A. B. One [or more] of His Majesty’s Jufticea of the Peace [or, Deputy Lieutenants, as the cafe may be~\ did, on the	Day	of	laft	paft, levy upon C.D.

the Sum of	Pounds,	being	the	Amount	of	Fine	impofed	\here	fpecify

the Offence] under the A& for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia of Scotland. Dated this	Day	of

(Signed)	A.	B.	Juflice.

SCHEDULE (H.)

LIST of FINES impofed on Perfons ballottcd, and not appearing, purfuant to an A& pafled in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled \infert the Title of this A

| County.	Subdirifion.	Parilh.	Perfons fined.	Amount of Fines.
i				

Ee t



Google

SCHEDULE

422

52* GEO. III.

A.D.1812.

C.6t.

SCHEDULE (I.)

ACCOUNT of PENALTIES impofed and remitted by the LIEUTENANCY.

Date when Impofed.	Name of Perfon.	Penalty of £30. for Perlons worth more than £ioa per Annum.	Penalty of £ae. for Perfont worth more than £i«xx per Ann. and not exceeding £aoa	Penalty of £10. for Perfcm* worth left than £100. per Ann.	Remittance of Fines &c. allowed by the Lieutenancy.	Net Sum impoled.	Remarks.
							

Deficiency in the Subdivifion of	in	the	County	of	as per Return

herewith annexed, figned by the Commandant, dated the	being

Men at	per	Man	paid	to	the Clerk of Subdivifion Meetings

for	on	the

We do certify, the above Account is truly and judly dated to the bed of our Knowledge and Belief.

----—— Deputy Lieutenant.

-.... ■	.	Magidrate.

SCHEDULE (K.)

QUARTERLY ACCOUNT of the CLERK of SUBDIVISION MEETINGS.

Date when received.	Name of Perfon fined.	Penalty of £ jo. for Perfont worth more than £200. per Annum.	Penalty of £ao.for Per-fons worth more than £100. and not exceeding £100.	Penalty of £10. for Perfons worth lefs than £100. per Annum.	Amount of each Penalty.	Date when paid to the Collector of the Cefs.		Amount ofeach Payment.
							By Pay-" roent to the Col- ► lector of Cefs.	

Sworn before me Day of	181

—.....Deputy Lieutenant

or Judice.

I hereby certify upon Oath, that the above is a jm and true Account of all Sums received by me is Clerk of the Subdivifion Meetings of the County

of	between	the

and the	Day	of

to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief.

----------Signature.

Clerk of the Subdivifion of the County of



Day of

CAP.

A.D.i8i2.

j2« GEO. III.

423

C.6y.

CAP. LXIX.

An Aft to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, feveral Afts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing \rertain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland.	[20th June 1812.]

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Forty fifth Year of

His prefent Majesty's Reign, intituled An Ad for granting 45 0.3. c. 18. onto His Majejly9 until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou-find eight hundred andfix, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties : And whereas an Aft was made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majesty's Reign, ntituled An A3 for granting unto His Majefiy, until the Twenty 46 G.3. e.6a, ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred andfix, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron9 Sugar and Tea9 into and from Ireland: And whereas an Aft was made in the Forty feventh Year-of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, to repeal Part 47 G. 3* Sett r. of the Duties on the Importation of unmanufaftured Tobacco in Ireland : And whereas another Aft was made in the Forty feventh i7x&‘3‘

Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to grant to His MajeJljy until the fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighty certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, into and from Ireland : And whereas another Aft 47 g. 3. SeC 2, was made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majesty’s c. 18.

Reign, to provide for the Decreafe and Sufpenfion in certain cafes of Part of the Countervailing Duty on Brilijh Refined Sugar imported into Ireland: And whereas fuch of the faid recited Afts ^0° 3 ** as were temporary, have been from time to time continued by feve- ^	^	SeflT. a.

ral Ads palled in the Forty fixth and Forty feventh Years of His c. x. prefect Majesty's Reign ; and by an Aft pafTed in the Forty eighth 48 G. 3. c. 8a Year of His prefent Majesty's Reign the faid recited Afts were amended and continued, and by an Aft made in the Forty ninth 49 G. 3«	74«

Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, the faid recited Afts were further continued ; and by an Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of His 50 G.3. c. 97. prefent Majesty's Reign the faid recited Afts were continued and further amended: And whereas an Aft was made in the laft Seflion 51 G. 3. c.86. of Parliament, intituled An A3 to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and to amend feveral Ads for granting certain Rates and Duties, andfor allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland 5 and to grant to His Majefiy 9 until the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandizes into andfrom Ireland ; by which faid laft mentioned Aft tbe feveral Afts hereinbefore recited were continued, and are in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve j and it is expedient that all the faid recited

E e 3	‘	Afts,



424

A.D.i8i2«

C.69.	5 20 GEO. III.

Duties granted 4 Ads, and alfo the feveral Rates and Duties granted and the and allowed by # Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by them or any of them (hould recited Adis, « be further continued in manner hereinafter mentioned May it JulvTiftii therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it may be enaded ; and be it *	*	enaded	by	the	King's	Mod	Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliamemt aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Rates and Duties granted and the Drawback* and Bounties allowed by the faid recited Ads, or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, fhall refpedively continue and be in force throughout Ireland* upon and from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One Exception. thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, except the Rates, Duties and Drawbacks on the feveral Articles upon which new and other Rates, Duties and Drawbacks are by any of the faid Ads granted, im-pofed or allowed, and except fuch Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportaticn of Sugar of the Britijb Plantations, and on Refined Sugar under the faid recited Ads or any of them, as are provided for by an Ad made ia the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majesty’* 47 G. 3. StfT. i. Reign, intituled An Alt to provide more efledually for regulating the c. 19.	Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland ;

and for allowing Britifti Plantation Sugar to be warcheufed in Ireland, until the 7 'wenly fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and Ante, c. 1?. tight} and which faid lall recited Ad.is by an Ad pafled in this prefent Sellion of Parliament continued to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundied and thirteen ; and that the faid recited Ads (except as aforefaid, and except alfo as they are altered and repealed by each other, or by this Ad, or by any other Ad), and all the Powers and Provifions, Articles, Claufes, Matters and Things contained in the faid recited Ads or any of them fhall be obferved and complied with during the Term hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the faid Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, and the faid Powers, Provifions, Articles, Claufes, Matters and Things had been by the faid recited Ads or any of them extended to the Term hereby granted, and as if the Term hereby granted had made Part of the faid recited A ds or any of them, and that the feveral Articles in refped whereof any Rate or Duty is granted, or impofed, or continued, or any Drawback or Bounty is allowed by the faid recited Ads or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, fhall refpedively be and remain liable to the Rates and Duties, and fhall be entitled to the Drawbacks and Bountes (except as aforefaid) allowed in refped thereof under the Regulations and Provifions of the faid recited Ads, upon, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad.

Continmnce of II. And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall be and con-Act.	tinue	in force until and upon'the Fifth Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and thirteen, and no longer.

Ad altered, &c. ill. And be it further enacted. That this Ad and the feveral Ads hereby continued, may be altered, amended and repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent Se(fion of Parliament.

CAP.



Google

A.D.i8i2.

52 GEO. III.

C.70, 71.

425

C A P. LXX.

An Aft for raifing the Sum of One million five hundred thou, fand Pounds by way of Annuities and Treafury Bills for the Service of Ireland.	[20th	June	1812.]

CAP. LXXI.

An Aft for the better Cultivation of Navy Timber in the Foreft of Woolmer, in the County of Southampton.

[20th June 1812.]

*	TTTHEREAS the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, in Right

*	VV of His Crown, is feized to Himfelf, his Heirs and Succef*

*	fore, of the Ground and Soil of the Foreft of Woolmer, in the

*	County of Southampton, computed to contain Five thoufand two 4 hundred and feventy fix Acres, or thereabouts,• exclufive of cer*

4 tain inclofed Lands therein belonging to His Maiefty in Severalty,

4 fubjeft to fuch Claims of Rights and Interefts of the Right

*	Honourable Henry Lord Stawefl, and other Perfons in and over 1 the fame, as hereinafter mentioned: And whereas the faid Henry

4 Lord Staruell, under and by virtue of a certain Grant of His late Grant 9 No*

4 Majesty King James the Firft, bearing Date on or about the Ninth 15 Jac. u 4 Day of November in the Fifteenth Year of His Reign, is or claims 4 to be feized of or interefted in or entitled to the Right of Free 4 Warren and Free Chafe, and other Rights, Liberties and Privi.

4 leges in, upon and over the faid Foreft 5 and he the faid Henry 4 Lord Staiuell alfo claims to have and receive, fo foon as the fame 4 can be made out, a Grant or Letters Patent of and to hold and 4 enjoy the Office of Ranger of and over the faid Foreft, and, as 4 annexed or appurtenant to the faid Office, the Liberty of Hunt-4 ing. Shooting and Sporting, in and over the fame Foreft, for and 4 during the Term of his natural Life; and the faid Henry Lord 4 Stawell, in refpeft of his feveral Manors which adjoin to or are

*	fituate near to the faid Foreft, likewife is or claims to be entitled 4 to other Rights and Interefts in, upon and over the faid Foreft, or 4 foroe Part or Parts thereof: And whereas, fubjeft to the Rights 4 of His Majesty, certain Perfons are or claim to be entitled to cer*

4 tain Rights in, over and upon the faid Foreft : And whereas from 4 the great and increafing Difficulty of procuring a Supply of Timber 4 from Foreign Countries and from the Eftates of private Individuals 4 in the United Kingdom, it ha9 become neceffary to adopt Mea-4 fares for fecuring a more adequate Supply of Timber in this King*

4 dom; and if His Majesty was empowered to enclofe certain Parts 1 of the faid Foreft, and fuch Parts were appropriated for the 4 Growth and Prefervation of Wood and Timber, the fame would 4 be of great Benefit and Advantage to His Majesty and the PubliQ 4 in general;’ Be it therefore enafted, by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affcmbled,

and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful for His HisMijeftrmsy Majesty,his Heirs and SucceiTors, from time to time to inclofe, fever indae 2,^0 and improve, within and out of the Wafte Lands of the faid Foreft, Acres of the any Quantity of the faid Lands not exceeding in the Whole Two Foreft,&c.

E e 4	thoufand



426

AJ).i8n. .

When Woods ire p.tft Danger from Cault.Su. Indofuies laid •pen.

Grants of Inclo-lurc, Trees, See. void.

# Penalty.

C.71.	52°GEO.in.

thoufand Acres, to be inclofed and held in Severalty at one and at the fame time ; and fuch lnclofure (hall be made under and by virtue of Commiffions to be granted and ifiued by His Majesty for that Purpofe, and each of fuch Cemmiflions (hall be directed to Three or more fuch Perfons as His Majesty (hall think fit; and fuch Indo« {ures (hall be fet out and made from and out of fuch Parts or Places in the faid Foreft as (hall be found to be moft convenient to be in-clofed, and to be beft adapted to the Growth and Produce of Timber, which faid Inclofures (hall be admeafured by a fwora Surveyor, and fet out and inclofed, butted and bounded, and the Quantities, Butts and Boundaries thereof returned into His Majesty** Court of Exchequer, there to remain of Record for ever; and the faid Inclofures fo made and fet out as aforefaid (hall remain in Severalty in the a&ual Poffeflion of His Majesty, his Heirs and SucceftTors, freed and difcharged of and from all manner of Rights, Titles, Pretences and Privileges or Claims whatsoever,) other than and except fuch as the faid Henry Lord Stawell is or may be entitled to as aforefaid) during the Period of the fame remaining fo inclofed for the Growth and Prefcrvation of Timber, and until the fame or any Part thereof (hall be laid open under the Provifions of this A&, according to the Purport and true Intent of this A ft, and (hall be made and reputed a Nurfery or Nurferies for Timber only.

II.	And be it further enacted. That at all times hereafter, whenever the Lord High Treafurer or Commifiioners of the Treafury for the time being (hall be fatisfied. and fuch Lord High Treafurer, or any Thiee or more of the faid Commifiioners, (hall determine that the Woods and Trees that (hall be growing within any lnclofure to be made under and by virtue of this A& are become paft Danger of browfing of Cattle, or other Prejudice, and (hall think fit to lay the fame or any Part thereof open and in Common, and (hall caufe the fame to be laid open, that then and fo often it (hall be lawful for* His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccelTors, from time to time to inclofe, in lieu of fo much of the lnclofure as (hall be fo laid open, the like Quantity, out of any other Part of the Refidue of the faid Foreit, to be fet out in the fame manner as aforefaid, and to be holden, inclofed, freed and difcharged of and. from all manner of Common and other Rights as aforefaid (other than and except as aforefaid) for fo long time as the fame (hall continue inclofed, according lo the Dire&ions, Purport and Intent of this A6t, to be a Nurfery (or Timber as aforefaid, inftead of fo much as (hall be laid open according to the Directions aforefaid.

III.	And, to the End that the (aid lnclofure may be preferved in the Crown for public Ufe as aforefaid, be it further enaded, That in cafe any Perlon whatever (hall prefume to take or obtain any Gift, Grant, Eftate or lntereft of or in the faid Inclofures, or any Wood or Trees growing thereon, every fuch Gift, Grant, Eftate or lntereft (hall ipfo fado be null and void, and the Perfon fo taking the fame (hall be utterly difabled to have, hold and enjoy any fuch Gift, .Grant, Eftate or lntereft, and alfo (hall forfeit Treble the Value of any fuch Gift or Grant to him who (hall firft fue for the fame in any of Hi9 Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeflminier by Adion of Debt, wherein no Effoign or Wager at Law (ball be allowed to the Defendant.

IV. Awl



AJ).i8i2.

4*7

52° GEO. III.

C.7».

Breaking domi

Inclofures.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That, after the paffing of this No Deer kept Ad, no Deer whatever fhall be kept in any Part of the faid Foreft, in Foreft.

or within the Limits thereof.

V.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the palling Rabbits not of this Ad, no Rabbits fhall be kept on any Part of the faid r oreft, kept-

on any Account or Pretence whatfoever.

VI.	And, for the better Preservation of the Trees, Woods, Underwoods, Heritors and Standils growing, and which may hereafter be planted and nourifhed to grow or be growing in or upon any Parts of the faid Inclofures fo to be made in purfuance of this Ad, as well before as after the fame (hall be inclofed, be it further

enaded, That all Perfons whomfoever who fhall, from and after the Damaging Tress palling of this Ad, unlawfully cut down, fplit, bark, peel, damage, ln Forcft* deface or deftroy or carry away any Timber Tree, or other Tree,

Wood or Covert, Green Stick, or any Heritor or Standil within the hid Foreft, (except fuch as fhall be let out by Perfons duly authored for the Purpofe of making the Fences of fuch Inclofures as afbrefaid) fhall be fubjed or liable to all fuch Pains, Penalties and Penakki. Ptmifhments, as are provided by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, to be given, iropofed or inflided, upon any Perfon or Perfon* committing the like Offence or Offences, in the Lands, Grounds,

Woods or Coppices, being inclofed, and the private Property of any of His Majesty’s Subieda.

VII.	And be it further enaded. That every Perfon who fhall

wdfslly deftroy or take away or fhall break down any Fence or In-	„

dofore or any Part thereof made for the Protedion of any Nurfery

of Wood and Timber as aforefaid, fhall for the Firft Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for the Second Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for the Third Offence fhall be accounted guilty of Felony, and may be tranfported to any Part beyond the Seas fdr the Term of Seven Years, or be fubjefl to fuch other Punifhment by Fine, Imprisonment or otherwife, as the Court before which fuch Perfon (hall be convided may dired ; and fuch Penalties (hall and may be recovered, and on Non payment thereof, the Perfon who (halt forfeit the fame may be committed to Prifon in the manner and for the lame Periods as are fpecified in an Ad paffed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His prelent Majesty, intituled An AS for the better 6 G.3-c*4&* Prtfervation of Timber Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods, and for tht further Prefrrvation of Roots, Shrubs and Plants, in relation to . the Penalties of Twenty Pounds and Thirty Pounds refpedively for wilfully cutting or breaking down any Timber under the faid Ad.

VIII.	And, for the Puipofe of regulating and Securing to the Regulating friend Perfons now having Right of Common of Pafture in and over cutting of Turfc the laid Foreft, the Power of cutting Peat and Turf within fuch

Parts of the faid Foreft as (hall not be inclofed by virtue of this Ad, be it enaded. That after the faid lr.clofure fhall be made and completed it fhall be lawful for all Perfons having Right of Common in the faid Foreft to cut and take Peat and Turves in any Part of the laid Foreft not inclofed under this Ad, without Payment of any Fee or Sum of Money to any Keeper or other Perfon having Care or Superintendance in the faid Foreft, for taking the fame ; and no Perfon fhall after the faid lnclofure fhall have been made and completed take, demand or receive any Sum of Money or Fee or other nywat whatever, of or from any fedbn cutting or taking fuch ‘



Google

Feat

A.D. 1812.

428	C.	71,72.	520 GEO. III.

Peat or Turves, on any Pretence whatsoever ; any Ufage or Cuflom heretofore made or eftablilhed to the contrary not with Randing.

General Saving. JX. Saving always to the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, to the faid Henry Lord Stavuell, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and their Succeffors, and to all and every Porfon and Perfons whomfoever, his and their Hen* Executors, Adminiftrators and Afiigns, all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim and Demand whatfoever (other than and except fuch as is and are hereby expreffed, meant and intended to be bared, deftroyed or extinguifhed) as they, every or any of them now have or hath, or could have had or enjoyed therein in cafe this A& had not been made.

CAP. LXXII.

Cram 9 N#v. *5 J«c.i.

An Aft for the better Cultivation of Navy Timber in the Foreft of Alice Holty in the County of Southampton.

[20th June 18l 2.)

*	TT7HEREAS the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, in Righ^

*	W of his Crown, is feifed to Himfelf, his Heirs and Succeffon»'

4 of the Ground and Soil of the Foreft of Alice Holt, in the County*

4 of Southampton, computed to contain about Two thou&nd four 4 hundred and twenty feven Acres, exclufive of certain inclofed 4 Lands therein belonging to His Majesty in Severalty, fubjeft to foefc

*	Claims of Rights and Interefts of the Right Honourable Henry ‘ Lord Stawel/f and other Perfons, in and over the fame as hemn-

*	after mentioned : And whereas the laid Henry Lord Statvell, under

*	and by virtue of a certain Grant of His late Majesty King James 4 the Firft, bearing Date on or about the Ninth Day of Navem&er,

4 in the Fifteenth Year of His Reign, is or claims to be feifed of or

*	interefted in and entitled to the Right of Free Warren and Free 4 Chafe, and other Rights, Liberties and Privileges, in, over and

*	upon the faid Foreft ; and he the faid Henry Lord Stanvell alfb

*	claims to have and receive, fo foon as the fame can be made out,

*	a Grant or Letters Patent, of and to hold and enjoy the Office of 4 Ranger of and over the faid Foreft, and, as annexed or appurtenant

*	to the faid Office, the Liberty of Hunting, Shooting and Sporting, J

*	in and over the fameFortft, during the Term of his natural Life; 3

*	and the faid Henry Lord Stawell, in refpeft of his feveral Manors, 4 4 which adjoin to or are fituate near to the faid Foreft, likewife is or • ‘ claims to be entitled to other Rights and Interefts, in, upon and J! 4 over the faid Foreft, or fome Part or Parts thereof: And wherras,

*	fubjedt to His Majesty’s Rights on the faid Foreft, certain Perfons 1 4 are pr claim to be entitled to certain Rights of Common in, over "i 4 and upon the faid Foreft : And whereas from the great and in-

4 creating Difficulty of procuring a Supply of Timber from Foreign ■

*	Countries, and from the Eftatesof private Individuals in the United

*	Kingdom, it has become neceffary to adopt Meafures for fecuring a

*	more adequate Supply of Timber in this Kingdom 5 and if His ! 4 M«ye(ly was empowered to inclofe certain Parts of the faid Foreft,

4 and fuch Parts were appropriated for the Growth and Prefervatian 4 of Wood and Timber, the fame would be of great Benefit and Ad-4 vantage to His Majesty and the Public in general: And whereas I ' in order to render the Herbage end Common of Pafturc, in fuch :

4 Parts



52° GEO. III.	C. 72.	429

the laid Foreft as fhall not be inclofed, of much greater nd more beneficial to the Perfons entitled thereto, His has coofented and agreed, that all the Deer now kept and rd in the faid Foreft. fhall, previous to any Inclofure being tny Parts thereof, be wholly removed from the faid Foreft foreenafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majcfty, by and tdrice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

>ns, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Au-hefame, That it fhall and may be lawful for His Mjyefty, Hi* Majesty id Succeffors, to inclofe, fever and improve, within and out may inclofe n Wafte Lands of the faid Foreft, in feparate Inclofures, I,arl# of tity of Lands as fhall in the Whole not exceed One thou- Acre*? ndred Acres of the Open and Wafte Parts of the faid d fuch Inclofures fhall be made under and by virtue of a to be granted and ifTued by His Majesty for that Purpofe, jmmiflion fhall be direfted to Three or more fuch Perfons efty fhall think .fit, and fuch Inclofures fhall be fet out rom and out of fuch Parts or Places of the faid Foreft Dund to be moft convenient to be inclofed, and to be belt the Growth and Produce of Timber; which faid Inclo->e admeafured by a Sworn Surveyor, and fet out and in-ed and bounded, and the Quantities, Butts and Boundaries jmed into His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, there to Record for ever; and the faid Inclofure fo fet out and orefaid fhall remain in Severalty in the aftual Poffeflion of f, his Heirs and SuccefTors, freed and difeharged of and nner of R ights. Titles, Pretences, Privileges and Claims (other than and except fuch as the faid Henry Lord •r may be entitled to as aforefaid) and fhall be made and lurfery or Nurferies for Timber only ; and the faid Quan-? thoufand fix hundred Acres fo authorized to be inclofed fhall be accepted by and on Behalf of His Majesty, his SuccefTors, as an adequate Compenfation for all Right of ler Right or Claim in or over the remaining Eight hun-wenty feven Acres of the faid Wafte Lands of the faid rich laid remaining Quantity of Eight hundred and twenty s fhall become the Property of the feveral Perfons entitled	1

to certain Rights of Common in and over the faid Foreft iifeharged of and from all Right of Soil, or other Right f the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors; favmg s, the Liberties and Privileges intended to be granted to hnrj Lord Stawell as hereinbefore mentioned ; and faving s Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, all Timber and other iderwood, Bufhes, Hollies and Thorns, Heritors and landing and being in or upon the faid remaining Quantity-lundred aud twenty feven Acres, or any Part thereof, with to cut down and carry away the fame, or otherwife to dif-of, and to enter on the faid Lands for that Purpofe from ne as Occafion may require, for the Space of Three Years fcffing of this Aft.

nrided always, and be it further enafted, That all Inclofures Inclofure* not to le in the faid Foreft by virtue of this Aft fhall be made and uch manner as not to interrupt or impede the ufual and ne-mmunications in, over and upon the laid Foreft,

III. And



C.-J2.

52* geo. in.

A.D.1811.

No Rabbit* kept.

Grant of Inclo-fure, kc. void.

Penalty.

All Deer in Foreft deftroyed or removed, and bo Deer after-wards kept in Foreft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the pafibg of this Aft, no Rabbits fhall be kept on any Part of the faid Ford, on any Account or Pretence whatfoever.

IV.	And to the End that the faid Jnclofures may be preferred » the Crown for Public Ufe as aforefaid, be it further enafted, That a cafe any Perfon whatever fhall prefume to take or obtain any Grant, Eftate or lntereft of or in the faid Inclofures, or any Wool or Trees growing thereon, every fuch Gift, Grant, Eftate or Intact fhall ipfo fa8o be null and void ; and the Perfon fo taking the fame<4 be utterly difabled to have, hold or enjoy any fuch Gift, Grata: Eflate or lntereft, and alfo fhall forfeit Treble the Value of any fuck. Gift or Grant to him who fhall firft fue for the fame in any of Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wefiminjlcr* by Aftion of Deb£ wherein no Eflbign or Wager of Law fhall be allowed to the fk* fendant.

V.	And be it further enafted, That the Commiffioners of Hk Majesty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, or the Surveyor G£ neral of His Majesty’s Woods and Forefts for the Time being,

■g’i

and is hereby authorized and required, as foon as conyeniently may ■

Penalties.

after the palling of this Aft, to caufe all the Deer in the laid to be deftroyed, or removed from and out of the faid Foreft ; and th* after the faid Inclofure fhall be made, no Deer whatever (ball be kerf in any Part of the faid Foreft, or within the Limits thereof.

Vl. And, for the better Preservation of the Trees, Woods, Ui* derwoods, Heritors and Standils growing, or which may hereafterbe planted and nourifhed to grow or be growing in or upon any Part rf the faid Inclofures fo to be made in purfuance of this Aft, as well Damaging Trees fore ag after t|)e fame fhall be indofed, be it further enafted, Th| in oreft an perfon8 whomfoever who fhall, from and after the palling of thip Aft, unlawfully cut down, Split, bark, peel, damage, deface, deftruf or carry away any Timber Tree or other Tree, Woods or CovevV Green Stick, or any Heritor or Standil within the faid Foreft ST1 aforefaid, fhall be fubjeft and liable to all fuch Pains, Penalties arf Punifhments, as are provided by the Laws and Statutes of this Reafci to be given, impofed or inflifted upon any Perfon or Perfons ccntt* mitting the like Offence or Offences in the Lands, Grounds, Woods or Coppices, being inclofed, and the private Property of any of Ifs Majesty’s Subjefts.

VI r. And be it further enafted, That every Perfon who fhall wft-fu’ly deftroy or take away, or fhall break down any Fence or Inclofure, or any Part thereof, made for the Proteftiou of any Nuifery of Wood and Timber as aforefaid, fhall for the Firft Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds ; and for the Second Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and for the Third Offence fhall be deemed guilty of Felony, and may be tranfportea to any Part beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or be fubjeft to fuch other Punifhmeot by Fine, Imprifonment or -otherwife, as the Court before which fuck perfon fhall be convifted may direft ; and fuch Penalties fhall and may be recovered, and on Non payment thereof the Perfon who (hall forfeit the fame may be committed to Prifon, in the manner and for the fame Periods as is fpecified in an Aft paffed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A& for the better Pre~ femotion of Timber Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods* and for tbr further Pref emotion <f Root* 1 Sbrubt and Plant*, inrelation to the

Feoaltk*

Breaking down Inclofures.

Penalty.

*G.3.&4f.



Google

1812.

431

520 GEO. III.	C.	72, 7j.

ies of Twenty Pounds and Thirty Pounds refpeftively, for y cutting or breaking down any Timber under the faid Ad.

[I. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That, from and Refidenee in he palling of this Ad, no Perfon or Perfons (hall, by Reiidence Fcyeft not to Houfe, JLodge or other Building ereded or to be ereded Pl«.S?lI,e,neal the laid Foreft, or by Hiring and Service either for the Pre-00 of the (aid Woods or Plantations, or the Game in the faid , gain thereby any Settlement in the Parifh of Binfied in the ounty in which the faid Foreft is fituated.

Saving always to the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, his Heirs General Saving. iccefTors, to the faid Henry Lord Stawell, and to all Bodies ; Corporate or Collegiate, and their Succeflors, and to all and Perfon and Perfons whomioever, his and their Heirs, Exe-, Adminiftrators and Afligns, all fuch Eftate, Right, Title,

I,	Claim and Demand whatsoever (other than except fuch as are hereby expreffed, meant and intended to be barred, de-lor extinguifhed) as they, every or any of them now have or k could have had or enjoyed therein in cafe this Aft had not

CAP. LXXIH. ft for repealing fo much of an Aft of the Thirty fixth it of His prefent Majesty, for the better Relief of the It within England, and enlarging the Powers of the Italians of the Poor, as Limits the annual Amount of the laments.	[27	th	June	1812.J

THEREAS an Aft was paiTed in the Thirty fixth Year of I the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An AS for the 36 g. 3. c. it. r Relief of the Poor within the feveral Hundreds, Towns and riSi m that Part of Great Britain called England, incorporated livers ABs of Parliament for the Purpofe of the better Main-ne and Employment of the Poor ; and for enlarging the Powers h Guardians of the Poor within the faid feveral Hundreds, ax and D\Jlri8sy as to the AJfeffments to be made upon the fevered ifbei, Hamlets and Places within their refpeBivt Hundreds, ms and DiflriBsy for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor ; ivby the Direftors and Guardians of the Poor within any Hun-I, Town or Diftrift in England, incorporated by an Aft of lament, were empowered to aflefs the feveral Parrfhes, Ham-sod Places within their refpeftive Hundreds, Towns or Diftrifts be ufually liable) in fuch refpeftive Sums of Money as to fuch mom or Guaroians fhould appear neceflary for the Support [Maintenance of the Poor for the Current Quarter and other Wm 5 provided that fuch Sums (hould never exceed in any One Ft after the Firft Day of January One thoufaud feven hundred Imoety eight, the Amount of Double the Sum liable to be Id bv virtue of any fuch incorporating Aft: And whereas by fca of the very great Increafe of the Price of Com and other Sfcy Articles of Life, the Amount of the Rates and AfTeff-pfo broiled by the faid Aft is become infufficient for the ne-fttt Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and other Purpofes of Slid Aft;* May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it may ■ifcdj and be it eoafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty,



43*

A.D.i8ii.

So much of 36 G. 3. c. 10. is limits the Amount of AflefTmeuts repealed.

49 G.3. c. xo».

jxG. 3. c.

Continued until 2ft Jtn. 1814.

Irifti Treafury to iflue 8,9ooL lor the Purposes of 49 G. 3. c zoa.

C.73, 74.	52° geo. in.

by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid recited Ad as limits or provides that from and after the Firft Day of January 0« thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight the Sums to be affeffed by virtue thereof on any Parifh, Hamlet or Place, (hall never exceed ■ any One Year Double the Sum then raifed by virtue of any incor* porating Ad then exiftiug, (hall be and is hereby repealed.

CAP. LXXIV.

An A ft to continue until the Firft Day of January One thou«| fand eight hundred and fourteen, an Aft for appointing Com^ miflioners to enquire and examine into tne Nature ad 1 Extent of the feveral Bogs in Ireland, and the PrafticabiEtj • of Draining and Cultivating them, and the beft means cI effefting the fame.	[27th June 1812^ .

4 TTTHEREAS an Ad was made in the Forty ninth Year

*	W His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to appoint 4 CommtJJioners to enquire and examine, until the Firjl Day of Augdl

*	One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, into the Nature and Extent jl

*	the feveral Bogt in Ireland, and the PraQicability of Draining ill

* Cultivating them, and the bejl means of ejfeQing the fame, which rtJh 4 cited Ad was continued until the Firft Day of January One thos^

*	fand eijjjht hundred and thirteen, by an Ad paffed in the laft Seflk%

4 of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the faid recite#! 4 Ad fhould be further continuedBe it therefore enaded by tb# King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Con# fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thifl prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Tbit; the faid recited Ad ofthe Forty ninth Year aforelaid (hall be and thtj fame is hereby furtner continued from the faid Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen until the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen.	I

II. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Lords Commiflioners of His Majesty’s Treafury in Ireland, or the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to iffue, and caufe to be iifued, over and above the Sums mentioned in the laid recited Ads, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Eight thoufand nine hundred Pounds, upon the Warrant or Warrants of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer of Ireland, which Sums fo iflued (hall be employed by the faid Commiflioners for the Payment of Surveyors, Engineers, Workmen, Clerks, Meffengers and other Officers, and in defraying all the neceflary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of the faid fcedted Ad of the Forty ninth Year, in fuch manner and in fuch Proportions as (hall be appointed by the Commiflioners under the faid ecited Ad, or any Four or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf, and that fuch Sams (hall be accounted for by the faid Commiflioners, or the Perfon or Perfonsto whom the fame (hall be iflued or paid, in like manner as Monies

*

v^ooQle

A.D.tSi2.

433

520 GEO. III.

C. 74. 75*

granted or imprefled for any Public Work ; and no Fees or other Charges (hall be taken or demanded for the iffuing or Payment of the fame,

CAP. LXXV.

An Aft to provide for the more complete and effe&ual Liquidation of a Debt due to His Majesty from the late Abraham Goldfmid, Merchant, and his furviving Partners ; and to confirm and eftablifh certain Agreements entered into for that and other Purpofes relating thereto. [27th June 1812.]

4 TT7HEREAS Abraham Goldfmid of the City of London, Mer-

*	W chant, deceafed, and Benjamin Goldfmid of the faid City of 1 London, Merchant, alfo deceafed (theBrother of the faid Abraham 1 Goldfmid) did for feveral Years carry on in Partnerfhip extenfive

*	Mercantile and Stock Concerns: And whereas the faid Benjamin

*	Goldfmid departed this Life on the Eleventh Day of April One ‘ thoufand eight hundred and eight, and thereupon the Partnerfhip 1 between him and the faid Abraham Goldfmid was determined : And 1 whereas after the Deceafe of the faid Benjamin Goldfmid, the faid

*	Abraham Goldfmid took Nathan Salomons, of the faid City of Lon•

4 don, into Partnerfhip with him in all his Stock Concerns, and alfo

*	took his Son Aaron Goldfmid, and Thomas Moxon of the faid City 1 of London, into Partnerfhip with him in his faid Stock Concerns,

*	atdin all his other Concerns: And whereas the faid Benjamin Gold- Will of B. GokU ijmi duly figned and publifhed his laft Will and Teftament in fmid, Nov. ao,

1 Writing, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of November One thou- x^°3*

4 land eight hundred and three, and thereby after taking Notice that 1 the greateft Part of his Property was in Bufinefs in Copartnerfhip

*	with his Brother the faid Abraham Goldfmid, in whom he had all 4 poffible Confidence, he the faid Benjamin Goldfmid declared it to be ‘ his exprefs Direction and Order, that after the Payment of his

*	Friends and Relations of feveral Legacies thereinbefore by him 4 given and bequeathed to them, and after inverting and fecuring 4 the feveral Legacies, Provifions and Sums of Money thereinbefore

*	by him particularly direfted to be inverted and fecured for his Wife,

4 Daughters, Sons and Sifters refpeftively, and after Payment of all 4 his juft Debts and all Claims upon his Eftate, his laid Brother 1 Abraham Goldfmid might, if he fhould fo think fit and defire it,

4 whether his other Executors fhould approve it or not, take, keep 4 and ufc *11 other Parts of the Reft, Refidue and Remainder of his 4 Efiate and Effe&s in his Bufinefs, for the Space of Three Years 4 next after his the faid Teftator’s Deceafe, if he the faid Abraham 4 Goldfmid fhould live fo long, he the faid Abraham Goldfmid pay-1 iog and allowing at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum 4 per Annum for fo much of the faid Refidue as he fhould fo take,

‘keep or ufe for his faid Bufinefs, neverthelefs that he fhould be at 4 Liberty to pay off the fame fooner to his Eftate if he fhould fo 4 think fit, and lb likewife he the faid Teftator direfted it to be paid,

4 in cafe of the previous Death of the faid Abraham Goldfmid, as 4 foon as conveniently could be after his Deceafe 5 and the laid Tef-4 tator further declared his Will and Meaning to be, that as hi6 faid 4 Brother Abraham and himfelf had for many Years carried on Bufi-1 neb together in Partnerfhip with the greateft Cordiality and mutual

4 Confidence,



Google

A.D. 1812.

Will of A. Gold-fmid, Nor. a;, B809.

C.75.	52°*GEO. III.

*	Confidence, and never had any Difputes in their Accounts, and is

*	it was his Intention that his (aid Brother Abraham (hould not be

*	called upon or harafied vexatioufly by any of his other Executors,

*	or any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever claiming or to claim 9 either as Executors, Truftees, Legatees or otherwife, under or by

*	virtue of that his Will, therefore it was his exprefs Will and Di*

*	region that all and every fuch Account and Accounts of his laid I

*	Co-partnerfliip Concerns, and of all Monies and Securities therm

*	belonging to his Eftate and EfFe&s, which his faid Brother 4 Abraham fhould after his Deceafe deliver in to his faid other Exe-9 cutors or Legatees, as a full or true Account of the fame refpec-

*	tivelv, and all and every fuch Account and Accounts of the fame,

*	fhould be binding and conclufive to his faid Eftate, and to all Per-

*	Tons claiming under that his Will, to all Intents and Purpofes what-4 foever,and his faid Brother fhould not be liable to give or to be called

*	upon for any other Account or Accounts whatfoever, in any manner

*	otherwife howfoever, any Claufe, Bequeft, Article or Thing in his

*	(aid Will contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-

*	Handing; and the faid Teftator appointed his Brothers George Gold-

*	fmid, Afar Goldfmid, and the faid Abraham Goldfmid, Executors of 9 his faid Will; and foon after the Deceafe of the faid Benjamin GoU* 4 fmid, his faid Executors duly proved his faid Will in the Prerogative

*	Court of the Archbifhop of Canterbury : And whereas the ftM 4 Abraham Goldfmid duly figned and publimed bis laft Will and Tefb-9 ment in Writing, bearing Date the Twenty feventh Day of Nomern-9 her One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and thereby after di red-9 ing his Debts and Funeral Ex pences to be paid, and after feveral

*	Bequefts in favour of hit Wife and of his Children, Jane Loufade 9 Ifabella Goldfmid, EJlher Goldfmid and Mary Goldfmid, and after 9 giving feveral pecuniary and other Legacies, he the faid Abraban 4 Goldfmid gave and bequeathed all the Reft and Refidue of his

*	Monies, Securities, Stock in the Public Funds, Shares in Public 9 Companies and Undertakings or Initiations, Goods, Chattels and

*	Effects, and all other his Perronal Eft ate and EfFe&s which he might

*	be in any manner feifed or poffefled of, or entitled unto at the time

*	of his Deceafe, in any manner howfoever, and not by his Will other-‘ wife difpofed of, or which might happen to be or to become or 9 to remain undifjpofed of by that his Will, fubjeS to the Payment 9 of all his juft Debts and Funeral and Teftamentary Expences and

*	Legacies, and to the feveral Payments and Appropriations therein-

*	before given and dire&ed and appointed, and alio fubjedt to all rea-9 fonable Expences to be incurred in the Execution of that bis Will,

*	or. the Trufts thereof, unto his Executors, upon the Trufts and

*	for the Ufes and Purpofes thereinafter mentioned, declared and 9 appointed, concerning the fame; and the (aid Teftator gave and

*	devifed and bequeathed all that his Dwelling Houfe at Moredon,

9	with the Out Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands and Appurtc*

9 nances thereunto belonging, and all other his Freehold, Copyhold 9 and Leafehold Eftates, fituate in the Parifhes of Moredon9 Merton,

9 Wimbledon and Mitcham, or any or either of them, or eHewhere

*	in the County of Surrey9 and all his Mefluages, Buildings, Lands,

4 Tenements and Hereditaments, of every Kind, and all his Real c Eftates whatfoever and wherefoever, not otherwife by his faid Will c given, devifed or difpofed of, and all his Ellatc, Right, Title and

5	‘	JutercK



■X

AD.i8i2.

435

52° GEO. HI.	C	75.

4 Intereft whatfocver therein refpe£l?vely, unto arid to the Ufe of his

*	Executors thereinafter named, tfheir Heirs, Executdrs and Admi-

*	niftrators, according to the Nattire and Quality thereof rtfpeClively* 4 upon Truft to fell tmd convert into Money all the fame Freehold, 4 Copyhold and Leafehold hnd K.eal Edates, at fuch time or times 4 as they fhould deem rnoft expedient 5 and the faid Abraham Gold-4 /mid did by his faid Will 'declare, dirc& and appoint, that the Pur-4 chafe Money to arife'from all and every fuch Sales or Sale refpec-4 tively, and alfo the Rerits, Iffiies and Profits accruing in the mean 4 time, and until fuch Sale or Sales refpedlively, for or in refpcdl of 1 fuch Part or Parts thereof asmij>ht be let to any Tenant or Tenants, 4 (fobjed to all Charges and Expences to be incurred in refpect 4 thereof) fhould be added to, and be deemed, confidered and taken 4 as and for and to be Part of the general Refidue of his Perfonal 4 Eftate, and be paid, applied and difpofed of therewith, in the 4 manner and for the Uies and Purpofes diredldd and appointed in 51 refpe& to his faid Perfonal fcflate, and the Interefl or Dividends 4 accruing from the Produce thereof, to all Intents and Purpofes ; 4 and reciting that, from the nature of his Concerns, and the Situa-4 tion of his Property in various refpedts, particular Circumllances at-4 tending the fame might render a particular Courfe or Management 4 thereof, or particular Nleafu res as to the fame refpedlively, necefiary 4 or expedient, and as to which it might be inconvenient or hazardous 1 to preferibe any particular Rule or Direction, he the faid Abraham 4 fjddfmid, for obviating all Difficulty in that refpedt, gave by his 4 laid WiH to his Executors and Truflees for the time being a full, ‘general and abfolutc Power and Difcretion in the Management* 4 Arrangement and Difpofition of his faid Property and Concerns, 1 in all refpedts whatfoever, and in the calling in, collecting, receiving, 4 felling, converting and difpofing of the fame and every or any Part 4 or Parts thereof, from time to time, as they fliould deem moft 4 expedient, not being contrary to or inconfiflent with the general 1 Provjfions ai d Difpofitions of that his Will, or any of them ; and 4 the faid Abraham Gcldfmid alfo authorized his faid Executors and 4 Traltees to compound or releafe any Debt or Debts, or Monies 4 doe or belonging to him or his Eltates, as Circumllances might 4 make expedient, and to conipromife or refer to Arbitration any Dif-1 putc touching his faid Property or Concerns or any of them, in 4 fuch manner and upon fuch Terms and Conditions refpedlively as his

*	faid Executors or Truflees fhould think expedient ; and for obvi»

*	ati"g the Effedt of any Difference of Opinion between his faid Exe-‘ cuiOiS and Truflees or any of them in refpect of any Sale or Sales ' of the faid Freehold, Copyhold or Leafehold Ellates, or of his Per-4 foual Eftates and Effedts, or any Part thereof refpedlively, or 4 the Management, Arrangement and Difpofition thereof refpedlively, ‘ or the letting the fame, or otherwife relating thereto or to his faid 4 Concerns, he the faid Abraham Goldfniid did by his faid lafl Will 4 and Teflament, will, declare and airedl that the Direction, Ap-4 pointment, Acts and Deeds, from time to time of a Majority of them ‘ his faid Executors and Truflees for the time being, touching his 4 laid Property and Affairs or any of them, lignified in Writing under 4 the refpe6Hve Hands of the Perfons compofing fuch Majority, and 4 attelled by Two or more credible Witneffes, fhould be binding and 4 coaclufiv* Upon all of them his faid Executors and Truflees, and

52Gs*.III.	F	f	4	upon



C-75-	5a*	GEO.	m.	A.D.1S1V	1

4 upon all Parties concerned or interefted in the Subied or Milter

*	thereof refpe&ively, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and 4 to be earned into £ffe& accordingly, not oeing contrary to, or ‘ inconfiftent with the general Provifions of that his Wills And after

*	taking Notice of the faid Will of the faid Benjamin Goldfmid^ and

*	that it was his the Teftator’s Intention, as foon as Circumftancci I 4 would permit, to make out an Account and Statement refpe&ng

4 the Partnerfhip, Property and Concerns of him the faid Abrahm 4 Goldfmid and of the (aid Benjamin Gold/'mid, but left he fhoold sot 4 happen to do fo during his Life, and in order to effed as far is ;

*	might be the fame Obje&, and to obviate as much as in him lay,

*	all Accounts and Reckonings between the refpedtive Eftates aod 4 Families of the faid Abraham and Benjamin Goldfmid refpednr ‘ the faid Tranfa&ions, and towards Amplifying the fame, he the (aid

4 Abraham Goldfmid did, as well as to nis own Share, Concern n&f

*	Intereft therein, as alfo in Furtherance and Execution of the Vie* ! 4 and Intention of his faid Brother in that refpe& exp re fled byhi^i 4 faid laft Will and Teftament, will, declare and dired that the a&ulj ‘ State of the Partnerfhip Property of him the (aid Abraham GMJ

*	fmid and his faid Brother, at the time of his (aid Brother's DeceaftJ 4 and the clear Amount which (hould appear upon a proper Suceg 4 ment thereof to have been then remaining due and belonging tJ 4 them the faid Abraham Goldfmid and Benjamin Goldfmid as raid 4 ners, including all Stocks, Snares, Securities and Interefts whatl 4 foever then (landing or being in both or either of their Naocu 4 but belonging to tne faid Partnerfhip, after dedu&ing all DebtS 4 and Demands then due and owing by them on account thereo£| 4 (hould be confidered and taken as and for the Rule and Criterion

4 Divifion between them refpe&ine their faid Partnerfhip PropcrJ 4 and Concerns, to all Intents and Purpofes, without reference tag 4 any Account as between him the faid Abraham Goldfmid and tbs 4 faid Benjamin Goldfmid, or to any Balance which might happen t«j 4 be due thereon on either Side, and that each of tnem and the*

4 refpe&ive Eftates (hould he confidered as entitled to one equal 4 Moiety or Half Part of fuch clear Amount accordingly, fubjt$

4 to a like equal Moiety or Half Part of the faid Debts or Demand^

4 due by them on account of their faid Partnerftiip Concerns: Ao|

4 he the faid Abraham Goldfmid, after taking Notice that fince bis 4 Brother’s Deceafe he the faid Abraham Goldfmid h?d made various.' 4 Payments and Appropriations to the Credit and for the Ufe of i 4 the Eftate of the faid Benjamin Goldfmid upon account of his (aid 4 Moiety or Half Part or Share of the faid Partnerfhip Property aod.

4 Concerns, he the faid Abraham Goldfmid did further will, that 4 after taking Credit for or deducing the Amount of all fuch Psy*

4 ments and Appropriations laft mentionedt and fuch further or otbe*.

4 Payments or Appropriations as he might thereafter make on the.

4 fame Account, be the faid Abraham Gmffmid, or his Eftate, (hould

*	be confidered as indebted and accountable to his (aid Brother’s. 4 Eftate for fo much of the faid Moietv or Half Part or Share cl 4 the faid Partnerfhip Property, to be estimated and taken in manses 4 aforefaid,' as fhould from time to time remain not paid or appro-4 priated to the particular Uteof his Eftate as afbrelaid, untu the 4 Whole thereof fhould be fully fo paid or appropriated; sod for the 4 End and Purpofe aforefaid, he the (aid Abraham Goldfmid did by

• bis



).i8i2.

5 5* GEO. Itl.

C.75.

exonerate and difcharge hi* faid Brother's Re-fentatives and ERate from all Claims and Demands which he

iaid Abraham Goldfmid or his Eftate could or might have or im thereon in refpetS of any Balance due by the faid Benjamin 'djmbi to him the faid Abraham Goldfmid, at the time of his Deft, upon any Account then fubfiRing between him the faid Ben-Goldfmid and the faid Abraham Goldfmid, in refpedl of their 1 Partnerfhip or other Tranfaftions or Concerns with each other manner howfoever, fubje& only to fuch Divifion as therein-orr was dire&ed and appointed in refpeA thereof; and he the Abraham Goldfmid did further will, declare and dire&, that ex-t as far as might be neceffary for effedting fuch Divifion as afore-, and as ariling out of the fame, no other Account or Reckon-whatever fhould be Rated or entered into between their refpe&ive ates in any manner howfoever : And the faid Abraham Goldfmid ointed his Brother the faid AJher Goldfmid, and his Sons Aaron 'timid and Mofes Goldfmid, aud the faid Thomas Moxon and Efiafon, to be Executors of his faid Will; and in cafe any Executors thereinbefore named fhould happen to die, or fhould fe or decline to a& in the Execution of that his Will, or the ih or Purpofes thereof, or fhould defire to withdraw from fuch Executor or TruRee, in every fuch cafe refpeftively thorixed his faid Wife, and his faid Two Sons Aaron and Goldfmid, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, and the fr Executors and TruRees of his Will for the time being, or the t>?Part of them, to appoint by Writing under the Hands of the Us compofing fuch Majority, One other competent Perfon to ch TruRee, inRead of any of them his faid Executors or Truf-who fhould fo die, orrefufe or decline to a&, or defire to with-is aforefaid, and that upon every fuch Occafion refpe&ively proper and fuitable Ads, Deeds, Matters and Things to be uted and effe&ed, for transferring and veRing all his then fur-1: Monies, Property, ERate and Effe&s, to and in fuch new tee,.together with the other or remaining of the faid Executor* "ruflees for the time being, upon the fame TruRs and for the 1 Ufes and Purpofes, and with the fame Powers, Privileges and horities as were therein provided and appointed in refped eof, or fuch of them as for the time being fhould remain to be ormed, and fo toties quoties as often as the cafe fhould happen cquire : And whereas the faid Abraham Goldfmid departed this 1 in the Month of September One thoufand eight hundred and '3nd the faid Aaron Goldfmid, Mofes Goldfmid, Thomas Moxon Daniel Eliafon, duly proved the faid Will in the Prerogative :rt of the Archbifhop of Canterbury, Power being referved to ■d AJber Goldfmid to prove the fame; and.the faid AJher Gold-3 rath fince in due Form of Law renounced the Probate thereof: whereas by a Deed Poll or InRrument in Writing, bearing e the Twenty fixth Day of November One thoutand eight dred and ten, under the Hand and Seal of the faid AJher Gold-and duly inrollcd in His MajeRy's Court of Common Pleas efminjfer, after reciting, amongR other things, that the faid Goldfmid had renounced the Probate of the faid Will of the Abraham Goldfmid, and had not in any refpeft a&ed in the -ral Trulls by the faid Will repofed in him, or executed any of the F f 2	•	Power*

CjOOQ LC

Deed 26 Nov.

-»3#

A.D.iSn

Debt of

466,700!. due to the* Crown.

C.75.	52° GEO. in.

•	Powers or Authorities thereby delegated to him, and wis defirow

*	of difclaiming the fame in the manner thereinafter mentioned. It 4 was witneffed, that he the faid After Goldfmid did thereby for hem*

4 felf, his Heirs, Executors and Adminiilrators, fully, abfalotdy 4 and irrevocably, difclaimall and every Ufes, Edates, Truds, Powers 4 and Authorities given or delegated to him the (aid After Gold-

4 /mid, jointly with the faid Aaron Goldfmid, Mofts Goldfmid, Tbmm . 4 Moxon and Daniel Eliafon, in and by the faid Will of the M 4 Abraham Goldfmid, of, in, to, upon or over the Mefiuages, Tew- . 4 ments, Hereditaments and Real Eftate, and alfo of, io, to, apes j 4 or over the Sums of Mooey, annual or in grofs, Stocks, Security 4 and other the Perfonal Eilate, and all and lingular other the Pie*

4 mifes given, devifed, limited and bequeathed in and by the faid W21 4 of the faid Abraham Goldfmid, and aU and lingular the Eftafee,

4 Share, Property, Right, Title, Intereft, Ufe, Truft, Pofiefihn,

4 Freehold Property, PofiibUity, Challenge, Claim and Demiad 4 whatfoever of him the faid After Goldfmid, of, in, to or out of the 4 (aid Real and Perfonal Eilate, and every or any Part aud Parcel 4 thereof, as Devifee or Truftee, or as one of the Devifees or Truftres 4 of the Will of the faid Abraham Goldfmid: And whereas at the 4 time of the Deceafe of the faid Abraham Goldfmid there were divert 4 Securities and other Partner (hip Efie&s of the faid late Copart-; 4 nerlhip between the faid Benjamin Goldfmid and Abraham Goldfmb 4 remaining in Specie in the Hands of the faid Abraham Goldfmid, or 4 otherwife unconverted by the faid Abraham Goldfmid at the Urn 4 of his Death, and fuch Securities and other Partnership Efie&s,

4 upon the Deceafe of the faid Abraham Goldfmid, veiled at Law in 4 lus Executors, but fubio6l in Equity to be applied in the firfi Place 4 to the Payment of fuch Debts (if any) of the faid late Copartner-4 (hip between the {aid Benjamin and Abraham Goldfmid, as remain

•	unutisfied, and then to be divided between the refpe&ive Eftatet of 0 the faid Benjamin Goldfmid and Abraham Goldfmid, according to the 4 Shares and Proportions which it ihould appear, upon the Settk-4 merit of the faid Copartuerflup Accounts, that the faid refpe&ire 4 Eilates were beneficially interefted in and entitled to the Copartner*

4 (hip Stock and Property : And whereas at the time of the Deccafc 4 #of the faid Abraham Goldfmid, each of the faid Partnerships of 4 Abraham Goldfmid, Aaron Goldfmid and Thomas Moxon, asd 4 Abraham Goldfmid', Aaron Goldfmid, Thomas Moxon and Nation 4 Salomons, was pofiefled of great Property, and was liable to great 4 Debts and Demands, and was engaged in extenfive and coomti*

4 catcd Concerns; and particularly there was due to the King’s Moft 4 Excellent Majefly from the faid Copartnerlhips of Abraham Gold-4 fntid, Aaron Goldfmid and Thomas Moxon, and of Abraham Gold-4 fmid, Aaron Goldfmid and Thomas Moxon, and Nathan Salomons,

4 the Sum of four hundred and fixtr fix thoufcnd feven hundred 4 Pounds or thereabouts ; and the faid Abraham Goldfmid and each 4 of the faid Partners had a feparate Eilate, and owed Money on 4 his feparate Account: And whereas upon the Deceafe of the £od 4 Abraham Goldfmid, the Probability that a judicious and regular

*	Adminillrationof their Property might make the fame produce its ' real and full Value, and thereby raife a Sum fufiicient to fatisfyall 4 the Claims and Demands on the fame, but that if the fame were 4 inftantaneoufiy and fummarily attached or difpofed of, the Value

4 thereof



479

52° GEO. III.	C.75.

4 thereof would be prodigioufly leffened, and the Money produced by 1 it would certainly fall very fhort of anfwering even tne Demand of 4 die Crown upon the fame, and leave nothing for the other Cne-4 ditdr?, was ftrongly reprefented to the Chancellor of His MajcllyN

*	Exchequer, Firli Lord Commifiioner of the Treafury, who there-*apon agreed, that fo long as the Adjuftment of the Affairs of •’ tie faid Abraham Goldfmid and his faid furviving Partners fhoulcf

*	%k condoled to the Satisfa&ion of Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander

4	,	William	Jofeph	Denifon	and	George Ward, all of the City

London afore faid, Merchants, the Prerogative Rights and Re-

*	medies of the Crown fhduld not be enforced for recovering the 4 Debt of Four hundred and fixty fix thoufand feven hundred Pounds 4 from the faid Partnerfhip Eft ate, or the feparate Eilate of the faid 4 Abraham Goldfmid or his Partners, and that the faid Sum of Four 4 hundred and fixty fix thoufand feven hundred Pounds, (liould (land 4 apon an equal Footing with the other Partnerfhip Debts of the 4 fid Aaron Goldfmid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, and of 4 the Partnerfhip Debts of the faid Abraham Goldfmid, Aaron Gold-4 faid and Thomas Moxon, and of the faid Abraham Goldfmid, Aaron 4 Goldfmid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, and fhould be paid 4 hi pari pajfu with the faid Partnerfhip Debts ; but upon the exprefs 4 Uoderftanding, that if the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Bar 1 ay, William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward, or any Two of ‘them, or fuch Perfons as fhould be thereafter nominated Infpec-*tmof the faid Affairs, or any Two of them, fhould difapprove of 4 the Adminiftration of the faid Affairs; or from any other Caufe 4 foftld deem it advifable that any Crown Procefs fhould iffue againft 1 the Eftates and Effects of the faid Aaron Goldfmid, Thomas Moxon 4 sad Nathan Salomons, and the Eftate and Effects late of the faid 4 Abraham Goldfmid, the propofed Arrangement fhould not preju-4 dice the Right of His Maj-fty to iffue fuch Procefs as His 4 Majesty (hould be adviied to have Recourfe to in order to enforce 4 the Payment of the faid Debt of Four hundred and fixty fix rhou-4 (tad feven hundred Pounds, or fo much thereof as (hould from time 4 to time remain unfatisfied : And whereas for the Purpofe of effect- Agreement on.

4 mg the Arrangement aforefaid, and affording the means of the In- tv red into not ;<> 4 dwgence offered on Behalf of His Majesty being granted, which e,!f",c* r 4 was deemed highly beneficial and neceffary to the moft advantageous	„ ?l,‘*lo

it#	^	r	t r • 1	J	.	LlO’.vn, but Co

Management of the Concern, the faid Lhomas Bainlridge, Alex Hn»«! on r.nequ-I 1 aider Baring, William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward, were Footing v ith 4 nominated by the Lords Commiflioners of His Majesty’s Treafury, other Pa*tn«i-4 lafpeftors for the Superintendence, Dire&ton and Coutroul of the	ar,<

4 faid Concerns ; and it was agreed that a Deed fhould be forthwith	ofViqu'b

1 prepared for carding the Obje&s of the Parties into immediate da.ing the lame. 4 Execution: And whereas the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander

*	Baring, William Jofeph Dvnifon ami George Ward, accepted the 4 laid lnfpe&orfhip: And whereas by an Indenture bearing Date 4 theTwenty feventh Day of November One thoufand eight hundred ‘ tad ten, and made or exprefled to be made between the faid Aaron 4 Goldfmid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, of the Firft Part;

4 the faid Aaron Goldfmid, Mofes Goldfmid, Thomas Moxon and 4 Daniel EliafoW, as fuch a&ing Executors of the laft Will and Tef-

*	lament of the faid Abraham Goldfmid, of the Second Part; the 4 faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofeph Denifon

F f 3	n	t	4	and

CjOO^IC

44<>

A'D.iSil

C-75.	5**	GEO.	HI.

*	and George Ward* at fuch Infpe&ors at aforefaid, of the Third 4 Part; the faid George Goldfmid and Afher Goldfmid, at the fur-4 viying Executor* of tne laft Will and Ted ament of the faid Beena-4 min Goldfmid, of the Fourth Part; and the federal Perfons other 4 than the Parties thereto of the Firft, Second, Third and Fourth 4 Partt, who by them (elves or their refpeSive Agent* or Attonhei 4 had feverally fubfcribed their Name* and affixed their Seakg or 4 {hould fubfcribe their Names and affix their Seal* thereto of the 4 Fifth Part; it wag witnefled, that all the Perfons who were pasties 4 thereto of the Firft, Second, Fourth and Fifth Part*, did thereby

*	fully and irrevocably approve of the Nomination and Appointment 4 of the faid Thomas B a inbridge, Alexander Boring, William Jofeph

*	Denifon and George Ward, to be Jnfpp&ors. for the Supeno-4 tendence, Direction and Controul of the faid Partnerihip Con-4 cerns of the faid Abraham Goldfmid and hi* faid refpe&ive furviving 4 Partners, and of the faid feparate Concern* of tne laid Abraham 4 Goldfmid and his faid refpe&ive furviving Partners, in manner there-4 inafter mentioned 5 and they the faid Parties thereto of the Firft, 4 Second and Fifth Parts, did thereby further ablolutely and ureTo-4 cably give full Power and Authority to the (aid Thomas BaUbridgc, 4 Alexander Baring, William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward, to 4 fuperintend, direct and controul the Management of the faid Part-4 nerihip Concerns of the faid Abraham Goldfmid and his faid refpe^-4 tive furviving Partners, and of the faid feparate Concerns of the (aid 4 Abraham Goldfmid and bis faid refpe&ive furviving Partners, a* they 4 fhould in their Difcretion think proper, fubjeft to the Regulation f thereinafter contained; and for that Purpofe to employ in and about 4 the fame fuch Attornies, Agents or other Perfons, and to give them 4 fuch Salaries or Emolument* a* they fhould think proper : And the 4 faid Parties thereto of the Fourth and Fifth Parts, did thereby 4 dired, require and enjoiq the Perfons who were Parties thereto 4 of the Firft and Second Parts, to obey, and to their utmoft Power 4 and Ability execute, or caufe to be executed, the Dire&ions which 4 the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofeph 4 Denifon and George Ward, (hould give in refpeCt to the (aid Part. 4 nerftiip Concerns, or any of them, or the feparate Concerns of the 4 faid Abraham Goldfmid, or of the Parties thereto of the Firft Part, 4 for the Purpofes thereinafter mentioned, or any of them; And it 4 was thereby provided, agreed and declared, between and by the 4 Parties thereto, that it mould and might be bwful to and for 4 the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofeph

*	Denifon and George Ward, or any Three of them, at any time what-4 foever, by Writing under their refpe&ive Hands, to be indorfed 4 on the faid Indenture, or a Duplicate thereof, but fubje&, and 4 without Prejudice, to what (hould have been then already done 4 under the fame, to declare the faid Deed,' and every fclaufr,

4 Matter and Thing therein contained, to be at an End: And it 4 was thereby alfo witnefled, tliat the (aid feveral Perfons, Parties 4 thereto of the Fourth and Fifth Parts, did give and grant noto 4 each of them the feveral Perfons who were Parties thereto of the 4 Firft and Second Parts, thenceforth and until the faid Thomas 4 Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofeph Denifon and George 4 Ward, or any Three of them, (hould, by Writing under their 4 refpe&ive Hands, to be iudorfed on the faid Indenture or a

4 Duplicate



52* GEO. III.

C.7J.

44*

4 Duplicate thereof,.declare the faid Licence to be determined and 1 at an End, foil and free Liberty, Licence and Safe-condud,

4 Power and Authority to go about, attend to, follow, negociate 4 and manage, under the immediate and abfolute Infpe&ion, Su-4 perintendence, Direction and Controul of the faid Thomas Bain-

*	bridge Alexander Baring, William Jofeph Denifon and George 4 Ward, the Affairs, Bufinefs, Matters and Things whatfoever,

*	of the (aid Partnerihip Eftates and feparate Eftates at any Place 4 or Placet whatfoever in England or elfewhere, without any Let,

4 Suit, Trouble, Arreft, Attachment or other Impediment, to be 4 offered or done unto them the faid Parties thereto of the Firft and 4 Second Parts, or any of them, by the faid feveral Parties thereto 9 of the Fifth Part, or any of them, or their refpe&ive Heirs, Exe-4 tutors, Adminiftrators or Partners, or by their or any of their

*	Means or Procurement; and each and every of the Perfons who 4 were Parties thereto of the Fourth and Fifth Parts, did thereby 1 for himfelf, his Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Partners,

4 grant to the faid feveral Perfons who were Parties thereto of the 4 Firft and Second Parts, and to their refpe&ive Executors and 1 Adminiftrators, that if any of the faid Penons who were Parties 4 thereto of the Fifth Part, or any other Perfon or Perfons, by 9 the Means or Procurement of any of them, (hould, during the

*	Continuance of the Licence thereinbefore granted, moleft, impede 4 or arreft any of the faid Perfons who were Parties thereto of the 4 Fnft and Second Parts, or (hould attach or take in Execution the 4 Perfon or Perfons, or the Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tene-4 Bents of them or any of them, or of the faid Abraham G oldfmid,

4 contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the faid Indenture,

4 then fuch of them the faid Parties thereto of the Firft and Second 4 Parts as (hould be fo molefted, impeded or arrefted, or whofe Eftate 4 and Effe&s fliould be fo attached or taken in Execution, and their 4 or his Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, and the Eftate and 4 Effe&s of the faid Abraham Gold/mid, if the fame or any Part 4 thereof (hould be fo attached or taken in Execution contrary to 4 the true Intent and Meaning of the faid Indenture, (hould thence-4 forth be, and he and they and the fame Eftate and Effe&s was and 4 were thereby clearly and for ever acquitted, exonerated and dif-4 charged of and from all A&ions, Suits, Debts, Covenants, Secu-4 rities. Claims and Demands whatfoever, at Law and in Equity,

4 of the Perfon or Perfons by whom, or by whofe Means or Procurer * ment fuch Impediment, Moleftation, Arreft, Attachment or Exe-4 cutkra (hould have been occafioned, and that the faid Letter of 4 Licence (hould in any or either of faid cafes operate as a Releafe,

4 and (hould or might be pleaded in Bar to fuch refpe&ive Debts,

4 and to any Profecution, Suit, A&ion, Attachment, Arrell or Pro-4 cefs, which (hould in the mean time be brought, commenced, fued,

4 or profecuted concerning the fame Debts againft any of the laid 4 Perfons Parties thereto of the Firft and Second Parts, or the 1 Eftate and Effe6h of any of the faid Parties of the Firft and Se-4 cond Parts, or againft the Eftate and Effe&s of the faid

4 Gold[mid: And it was thereby agreed and declared, between a;ui 4 by the Parties thereto, that in refpea of the Perfons who were Pur-4 ties thereto of the Fifth Part, the Two Partnerihips of the faid 4 Abraham Gold/mid, Aaron Goldfmid and Thomas Moxon, and

F f 4	iAbraham

vjOOQIv

44?	C-7S-

52°GJ£O.IU.

A.

*	Abraham Goldfmid, Aaron Goldfmid, Thomas Mcxon, zx& Nathm 4 Salomons, fhould, as to all the Purposes of the faid Indenture, be ca*-

*	fidered as forming together One Co-partner/hip, and both of tb«oi 4 be con fidered as equally liable to the Claires and Demands upon 4 each of them: And it was thereby further witne$bd, that in 4 Confederation of the aforefaid Grant and CovenajnU.on the Part of 4 the faid Perfons Parties thereto of the Fourth and pifth Parts, 4 the feveral Perfons Parties thereto of the Firft Part, did jointly 4 for themfelves, their Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, and 4 each of them did feparately for himfelf, his Heirs, Executors.and 4 Adminiftrators, covenant, promifp and agree with and to the {aid f Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Earing, WtUiam JofcpbI)tnifm and 4 George Ward% their Executors, Adminiftrators and Aifigus, in 4 fnanner following ; that is to fay, that, thej the faid Parties thereto 4 of the Firft Part fhould and would forthwith* or by fuch Time as 4 fhould be fixed by the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, 4 William Jofeph Den if on and George Ward, if they fhould think ‘ proper to fix the fame, caufe to be made up a true and exatl Ac-4 count in Writing of all the Partnerfhip and feparate Eftates, Effects 4 and Concerns of the faid Abraham Goldfmid, and his faid refpe&ive ' furviving Partners, of what Nature or Kind fuever, as well Realas 4 Perfonal, of them the faid Parties thereto of the Firll Part, and % of the feveral Charges, Outgoings and Incumbrances then affedtiug 4 the fame, and fhould and would figu the fame with their refpei3ti\q 4 Names, in their own Hand-writing, and deliver the faid Account fo 4 figned by them, unto the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baf-4 itig, William Jofepb Dctiifon and George Ward, and that they the 4 faid Parties thereto of the Firft Part, iliould and would during the 4 Continuance of the faid Letter of Licence, manage and tranfadl the 4 Affairs and Bufiuefs of the faid Co-partnerihip and feparate Con*

‘ cerns of the faid Abraham Goldfmid and his laid furviving Part-

*	ners, for the Benefit of their Creditors, iu the belt mauner they 4 refpe&ively were able to do, and from time to time obferve, per-4 form, fulfil and execute all the Orders, Dire&ions, Refolutions aod 4 Inftrudtions of the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Barings Wilt 4 Ham JoJ'cph DeniJ'on and George Ward, and ufe their bed and utmoft 4 Means and Endeavours to convert into Money the faid Partner-4 (hip Eftatc and Effects, and to colledt aod get in the Debts owing 4 to the fame, and to difeharge all and every the Debts owing by 4 them in the manner thereinafter mentioned, as foon as might be;

4 And further, that the faid Parties thereto of the Firft Part, fhould 4 and would from time to time pay all the Monies which fhould be 4 received by them or any of them from the Produce of the Partner-4 fhip and feparate Eftate and Effedts of them the faid Parties thereto 4 of the Firft Part, into the Bank of England, in the joint Names ' of the faid parties thereto of the Firft Part, and fhould and would 4 depofit in the Bank of England all Deeds, Writings, Bonds, Obli*

4 gations, Bills, states or other Securities, which were then ia their 4 Poffeflion, or which fhould come to thejr refpedtive Hands; And 4 that the Monies arifing from the Eftate and Effedts of the (aid f Parties thereto of the Firft Part, and to be fo paid into the Bank 4 as therein and hereinbefore is mentioned, fhould not be drawn out 4 otherwife than by Draft figned by Two at leaf! of the faid Par*

4 tics thereto of the Firft Part; And that all Securities for Money

4 which

- >

443

52* GEO. HL

bouid be. fo depofited in the Bank fhould be difpofed of from ► time as the (aid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Barings Jofeph Dent Jon and George Ward, or any Three of them, liretl 2 And the feveral Perfons Parties thereto of the Se-art, did enter into Covenants with the faid Thomas Bain-Alexander Baring* William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward*

0	the Covenants entered into oy the laid Parties thereto of

1	Part, with the faid Thomas Bainbridge* Alexander Baring* Jofeph Denifon and George Ward; and it was thereby pro-at nothing therein contained fhould extend or be confidered

d.	to authorize or permit the faid Parties thereto of the Se-fft, or any of them, to pay, apply, difpofe of or appropriate :ific Monies, Property, Effeds or Securities, or the Pro-ereof l^elonging to the late Partnerfhip between the faid « Goldfmid and Abraham Gold [mid* to tne Payment of the Debts or to the Ufe of the laid feparate El late of the faid 1v Goldfmid* further or beyond the Amount or Proportion in le ElUte of the faid Abraham Goldfmid fhould appear to eoefieial Iuterell in the Partnerfhip Stock upon the Settle-the faid Partnerfhip Accounts of the faid Benjamin Goldfmid sham Goldfmid : And the feveral Perfons who were Parties af the Firfl and Second Parts did thereby covenant with the mas Bain bridge* Alexander Barings William Jofeph Denifon rge Ward, their Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, ip Following; that is to fay, that the faid Parties thereto of

and Second Parts, fhould and would from time to time keep looks of Account of the Partnerfhip and frparate Eft ate ds of the faid Parties thereto of the Firft Part, and of the hip and feparate Eftate and Effeds of the faid Abral:am and the Management and Difpofition of the fame re-y, and of all the Concerns of the fame refpedivelv, and \ caufe to be made in the faid Books true and proper En-all Receipts, Payments and Difburfements, and of all her Transactions, Matters and Things as were agreeable to tarn of Merchants, or which ought to be entered in the v giving to the faid Infpe&ors a clear and full Knowledge nd feveral Concerns and all Things relating thereto, diftin-; fuch Parts of their faid Receipts, Paymeuts and Tranf-'if any) as relate to the Property or AfFairsof the late Colip between the faid Benjamin Goldfmid and Abraham Gold-ara the general and feparate Eftate or Affairs of tlie faid a Goldfmid, and of all Ads, Deeds, Tranfadions, Mat-* Things done in the fame by the Parties thereto of the Firit and Parts, or by their Procurement; and preferve in a and regular manner all Letters, Writings and other Docu-efpeding the Concerns of the faid Copartnerfhip or fepa-ates, or any of them, >vhich then were in their Pofteffion ir, or which fhould thereafter come to their PofTcffion or and enter and keep Copies of all Letters written by them ; old and would permit the faid Thomas B a inbridge* Alex-bring, William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward* or any 1* from time to time and at all times to examine and in-be faid Books of Account, and all other Papers, Letters ritiqgs relating to the Management of the faid Eftate*



444

A.D. i812*

C-75.	52°	GEO.	HI.

and EffeAs refjjeAively, and alfo permit the fame to be examined by the faid Parties thereto of the Fourth Part, fo far as the fame related to or concerned the Affairs or Concerns of the (aid late Co-partnerihip of the faid Benjamin and Abraham Goldfmid; and Ihoald and would upon their or any of their Requefts make and give Copies and ExtraAs of the lame to them or any of them, or to any Perfon or Perfons appointed by them or any of them\ and alfo (hould and would it thereunto required by the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofeph Denifon and Gtotjt Ward, verify the Truth of fuch Accounts and Statements upon Oath before One of the Maffers of the Court of Chancery; and further, they the faid Parties thereto of the Firft and Second Parts, would not, in the Adminiftration of die aforefaid Effaces and EffeAs under the faid Deed, give any Preference or Priority of Payment to any Creditor upon the faid Eftates or EffeAs ora any other of the faid Creditors, or do or fuffer to be done, any A&, Deed, Matter or Thing whatsoever, whereby any of the Partner, (hip or feparate Creditors of the faid Parties thereto of the Firff Part, or of the faid Abraham Goldfmid, fhould or might obtain any Security or Securities for his or their Debt or Debts, Or any Preference-or Priority in the Payment thereof, dr any Part thereof, before the others of the faid Creditors, fare and except that any One or more fuch of the fame Creditors whofe refpeefive Debts (hould not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or who (hould be willing to accept the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for the fame, might be paid out of the feparate Effate of the faid Abro• ham Goldfmid, or his Proportion of the fpecific PartneHhip Effate of the faid Benjamin Goldfmid and Abraham Goldfmtd, the Whole of fuch their laid Debts, or accepted SatisfaAiou for the fame, if the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward, (hould confent thereto, but not other-wife ; and that none of them the faid Parties thereto of the Firft and Second Parts, (hould releafe any Debt or Debts owing to the faid Copartnerfhip, or either of them, or to any of the Parties thereto, on his feparate Account, or to the Effate of the faid Abraham Goldfmid, or bring any A&ion or Suit for recovering any fuch Debt or Debts, or compromife the fame, without the Advice and Approbation of the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward; but neverthelefa it was thereby agreed and declared between ard by the Parties thereto, that it (hould be lawful for the Parties thereto of the Firft Pirt,

Shut fubjeA to the Right of Examination thereinafter mentioned, the fame (hould be indited upon,) to admit any Perfon or Per, fons a Creditor or Creditors, under or by virtue of the (aid Id-denture, for any Debt or Debts claimed by him or them from the faid Partnerlhip Effate and EffeAs, or their faid feparate Effate and EffeAs, upon luch Evidence as the faid Parties thereto of the Firft Part (hould deem reafonable ; and alfo that it (hould be lawful for the faid Parties thereto of the Firft Part, with the Approbation in Writing of the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Bering, William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward, but not otherwife, to compromife the Amount of any ]3ebt claimed by any of the Creditors on the faid Funds; and in like manner that it (hould be lawful for the faid Parties thereto of the Second Part, to admit



A* D.i8i2f

5 a0 GEO. m.

C.75.	44	f

*	any Pcrfon or Perfont a Creditor or Creditors under or by virtue 4 of the faid Indenture, for any Debt or Debts claimed by him or 4 them from the feparate Eflate and Effects of the faid Abraham 4 Goldfmid, as to them the faid Parties thereto of the Second Part 4 Ihould feem reafbnable, and with the Approbation in Writing of 4 the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofeph 1 Denifon and George Ward, but not otherwife, to compromife the 4 Amount of any Debts claimed by any Creditor or Creditors on the 4 laid Fund; And it was provided and agreed between and by the 4 laid Parties thereto, that in cafe of any Difference or Difpute it 4 Ihould be lawful for the laid 7homos, Baiabridge, Alexander Baring,

4 William Jofeph Dtnifon and George Ward, or any Three of them,

4 to afeertain and appoint the Fund on which any Claimant or 4 Claimants ought to be deemed Creditor or Creditors, and alfo to 4 feparate, diftinguilh and allot the feparate from the Partnership 4 Property, and to afeertain, adjuft and fettle the State of the faid 4 Account between the laid Two Partnerihips of the faid Abraham 4 Goldfmid, Aaron Goldfmid, and Thomas Moxon and Abraham Gold•

4 feud, Aaron Goldfmid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, for 4 the Purpofe of dividing the Fund between them, or their Repre-4 {rotative* ; And it was thereby alfo agreed and declared between 4 and by the Parties thereto, that any Creditor or Creditors who 4 bad any Security or Pledge for any Debt or Debts or any Part 1 thereof, Ihould or might execute the faid Indenture, without Pre-1 jsdice to the fame Security or Securities, and convert the fame 4 Security or Securities into Money, and receive a Dividend rate-4 ably with the other Creditors on fo much of the fame Debt or

*	Debts as Ihould not be anfwercd or paid out of the Produce of the 1 fame Security or Securities : And the laid Parties thereto of the 4 Firft and Second Parts did thereby covenant with the faid Thomas 4 Bain bridge, Alexander Baring> William Jofeph Denifon and George 4 Ward, their Executors, Adminiffrators and Afligns, in manner 4 following $ that is to fay, that when and fo foon as the Monies 4 which ihould arife from the Partnerihip Effedts of the faid Parties 4 thereto of the Firft Part, and the feparate Eftate and Effedts late 4 of the laid Abraham Goldfmid, (hould be fufficient to pay Twelve 4 Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Debts 4 payable oiu of the laid Fund, the faid Parties thereto of the Firft r and Second Parts Ihould and would make a rateable Dividend to

*	that Amount on the faid Debt or Sum of Four hundred and fixty

*	fix tboufand feven hundred Pounds, and on all the Partnerihip

*	Debts of the feveral Perfons who were Parties thereto of the Fifth 4 Part, without Preference or Priority one to the other, and a fur-

*	ther Dividend from time to time, fo often as the Money in hand « applicable to the Payment of the faid Partnerihip Debts Ihould

*	bear the Proportion of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum

*	to the then Capital o f the faid Partnerihip Debts, until a full Di-« yidend of Twenty Shillings in the Pound (hould be made on the < Whole of the faid Debt of Four hundred and fixty fix thoufand

*	(even hundred Pounds, and on all the Partnerihip Debts, to the 1 Parties;thereto, or until the Whole of the faid Partnerihip Fund

*	Ihould be exhaufted; and it was thereby provided and agreed, that 4 it Ihould be lawful for the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander 4 Sarin*, William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward, to diredt an

Google

* earlier



A.D. i&!2.

44®	G-75-	J2° GEO. VO.

4 earlier Dividend to be made of the faid P&rtnerfltip Eftate and r Effects, and the fame (hould be made accordingly ; and it was

*	thereby alfo provided and agreed, that when and fo often as any 4 fuch Dividend as aforefaid {hould be made of the faid Partner-

*	{hip Fund, the faid Parties thereto of the Firft Part (hould, as	I

4 foovf as conveniently might be, make a Dividend of all Monies	1

4 which {hould have been received by them the faid Parties thereto

*	of the Firft Part, from their feparate Eftate and Effe^b, unto

*	and amongft all the feparate Creditors of them the faid Parties 4 thereto of the Firft Part, who (hould execute the faid Indenture,

4 after the fame Rate as that of the Dividend which (hould have 4 been then laft made of the faid Partnerfhip Effe&s, or as near 4 to the fame as circumftances would admit; and that then and fo

*	often as any fuch Dividend as therein and hereinbefore is mer-4 tioned (hould be made of the faid Partnerfhip Fund, then and 4 fo often as the Parties thereto of the Second Part, (hould make 4 a Dividend of all Monies which (hould have come to the Hands

*	of them the faid Parties thereto of the Second Part, on account 4 of the feparate Eftates and Effcfts of the faid Abraham GolJJmui,

*	unto and amongft all the feparate Creditors of the fame Edates 4 and Effe&s of the faid Abraham Goldfmidy who (hould execute

* the faid Indenture, after the fame Rate as that of the Dividend 4 which (hould have been then laft made of the faid Partnerfttip 4 Effe&s, or as near thereto as the circumftances of the cafe would

*	admit; But it was^ thereby exprefsly agreed and declared, that no 4 Dividend (hould be made of the Fund arifing from the feparate

*	Eftate and Effects of the Parties thereto of the Firft Part, or from

*	the feparate Eftate and Effe&i of the faid Abraham Goldfmid, with,

4 out the Confent and Approbation of the faid Tbomat Bainbrtdge,

4 Alexander Baringy William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward, or 4 any Three of them ; And it was thereby provided and agreed, that 4 if the Funds applicable to the Payment of the Debts of the faid 4 Partnerfhip, and immediately available to the fame, (hould be ex-4 haufted and prove inefficient to pay Twenty Shillings in the 4 Pound on the whole Amount of the faid Debts, and the Funds 4 applicable to the Payment of the feparate Debts of the faid Parties f thereto of the Firft Part, and of the faid jibraham Gold/mid 4 (hould be more than adequate for that Purpofe, then the Overplus 4 or Excefs of the Fund applicable to the Payment of the faid fepa-4 rate Debts (hould, fo far as the fame (hould be wanted to make up 4 the Payment of Twenty Shillings in the Pound of the Debts of 4 the faid Partnerfhip, be applied in Aid of the Funds applicable 4 towards the faid Debts ot the faid Partner(hip; And it was

*	thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties tlrerelo,

*	that if the Funds applicable to the Payment of the frparate

*	Debts of the faid Parties thereto of the Firft Part, and of the faid 4 Abraham Goldfmidy (hould be adequate to pay a larger Dividend on 4 the faid feparate Debts of the Parties thereto of the Firil Part,

*	and of the faid Abraham Goldfmidy than the faid Partnerfhip Fund 4 immediately available would be fufficient to pay on the Partnerihip

*	Debts of the faid Parties thereto of the Firft Part, and of the faid 4 Abraham Goldfmidy then the Funds applicable to the Payment ot 4 the faid feparate Debts (hould, fo far as the fame would extend,

*	to be brought in Aid of the Funds applicable to the payment of the

4 Debts



A.D. i8i2.

447

52° GEO. HI.

C7j.

4 Debts of the (aid Partaerfhip, and immediately available for that 1 Purpofe, fb as to make the Dividends on the Debts of the laid 4 Pafrtnerfbip equal to the Dividends on the faid feparate Debts, bift 1 k fhould be wholly left to the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander 4 Baring, William Jofepb Denifon and George Ward, to decide on the 4 Availsblenefs or Adequacy of the find Funds, and the Application 1 of laid feparate Funds, in manner therein and hereinbefore men-4 timed; And it was thereby farther agreed and declared between 4 and by the Parties thereto, that if any Part of the Fund applicable 4 for the Payment of the Debts of the feid Partnerfhip fhould remain 4 after anfwcring and fetisfying the Debts of the (aid Partnerfhip, ‘ then the Surplus or Excels of the faid Funds, if wanted for that 1 Pnrpofe, fhould, fo far as the fame would extend, be broaght ki Aid 4 of the Funds applicable for the Payment of the feparate Debts of 4 the faid Partners and the feparate Debts of the faid Abraham Gold-4 food, according to the refpe&ive Interefts of the (laid Partners and 4 of the faid Abraham Goldfmid therein ; and k was thereby agreed 4 and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that all Debts 4 owing from the faid Parties thereto of the Firft Part, as well oh 4 the laid Partnerfhip as on their faid feparate Accounts, and all the

*	Debts owing from the Eft ate and Effe&sof the faid Abraham Gold-4 fmd, to the Several Perfons Parties thereto of the Fifth Part, or any 4 of the faid Debts, Jhould be fubmitted to the Examinations of the 4 hid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofepb Denifon 4 aid George Ward, or any Three of them, if they refpe&ively 4 hould think proper and require; and for this Purpofe it was thereby 4 agreed and declared that the faid Thomas Baiabridge, Alexander 4 Baring, Wilfiam Jofepb Denifon and George Ward, or any Three of 4 them, fhould and might require the fame Debts to be verified by the 4 Affidavits of the fame feveral Creditors, ftating the Amount and 4 Confideration of the fame, and other circumftances relating thereto,

4 which Affidavits fhould be fworn before a Matter Extraordinary in 4 Cliancery, or Magiftrate of the Diftridl in which the Party from 4 whom the feme fhould be required fhould refide, and fhould and

*	might call fiw fuch Documents, Vouchers and Papers from the 4 Pmbns whofe Debts fhould be fo under Con fide rat ion, as the faid 4 Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofepb Denifon and 4 George Ward, fhould think fit, and that the Determination of the 4 faid Infpe&ors, or any Three of them, fhould be final, binding and 4 conclufive on all Parties entitled to any Intereft or Benefit under 4 the (aid indenture; And it was thereby further agreed and declared, 4 that the Amount of the refpe&ive Debts of the faid feveral Cre-4 ditors, Parties thereto, after the fame fhould have been determined 4 by the faid Infpe&ors, or any Three of them, fhould be written 4 oppofite to the Signatures of fuch refpe&ive Creditors, under dif-4 ferent Heads, difbaguifhing the Funds or Fund out of which the 4 {hole fhould be payable: Aud the faid feveral Perfons who were 4 Parties thereto of tne Firft Part, did thereby covenant with the faid 4 Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofepb Denifon and 4 George Ward, their Executors and Adminiftrators, that they the < hid Parties thereto of the Firft Part, fhould and would at any time 4 thereafter during the Continuance of the faid Letter of Licence, 4 upon the Requeft of the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Bar-1 ay, William Jofepb Denifon and George Ward, or any Three of

4 them,

Google



V

44*

AJD. 181I.

C*7$*	520	GEO.	HI.

« them, convey, furrender, alfign or otherwile affure all or any Put

*	or Parts of the Real and Perfonal Eftate and Eife&s whatfoever and

*	whcrefoever, o£ in, or to which the (aid Parties thereto of the

*	Firft Part, or any of them, were or was feiied, poflefled, interefled or inti tied, and the Income and Prodoce of the fame, either unto

*	any Perfon or Perfons who (hould purchafe the fame, and to whom

*	or to the Ufe of whom the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander 4 Baring, William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward, or any Three of ■4 them, (hould dired the fame to be conveyed, affigned or furren-4 dered, or unto fuch Perfon or Perfons as the laid Thomas Bain*

*	bridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofeph Denifon and George 4 Ward, or any Three of them, (hould dined the fame to be cob-4 veyed, affigned, furrendered or otherwife affined, for the Puroofe 4 of felling or otherwife dilpofin? of the fame and making the Value 4 and Produce thereof available for the Objeds of the faid Indenture;

*	and the faid feveral Perfons who are Parties thereto of the Second 4 Part, did covenant with the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander 4 Baring, William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward, their Executors, 4 Adminiftrators and Affigns, that they the faid Parties thereto of the 4 Second Part, (hould and would at any time thereafter during the

*	Continuance of the faid Letter of Licence, upon the Requeft of 4 the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofeph 4 Denifon and George Ward\ or any Three of them, convey, furren-4 der or affign, or otherwife aflure all the Real and Perfonal Eftate 4 and Efi'eds whatfoever and wherefoever, of, in, or to which the 4 Parties thereto of the Second Part, or any of them, were or wai 4 feized, poflefled, interefted or entitled as Devifees and Executors of

*	the faid Abraham Goldfmid, and the Income or Produce of the

*	fame, to any Perfon or Perfons who (hould purchafe the fame, and 4 to or to the Ufe of whom the laid Thomas Bainhrtdge, Alexander 4 Baring, William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward, or any Three of 4 them, (hould dire& the fame to be conveyed, affigned, (urrendered

*	or otherwife aflured, or unto fuch Perfon or Perfons as the hud 4 Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofeph Denifon 4 and George Ward% or any Three of them, (hould dire the fame 4 to be conveyed, affigned, furrendered or otherwife aflured, for the 4 Purpofe of felling or otherwife difpofing of the fame, and makiog 4 the Value or Produce of the fame available for the Obje&s of tbc 4 faid Indenture : And it was thereby agreed and declared between 4 and by the Parties thereto, that the Money payable for the Pur-4 chafe of any Real or Perfonal Eftate or Efie&s which (hould be 4 fold under any of the Proviflons of faid Indenture, (hould be paid 4 into the Bank of England, and that if the Eftate or Effcds fo fold 4 (hould be the Partnerfhip Property, or the feparate Property of the 4 Parties thereto of the Firft Part, the fame (hould be paid 44 to the 4 Account of the Parties thereto of the Firft Partand if the 4 Eftate or Effe&s fo fold (hould be the Property of the Parties 4 thereto of the Second Part, as Executoss or Devifees of the faid 4 Abraham Goldfmid, the fame (hould be paid 44 to the Account of

•the Parties thereto of the Second Part 5” and the Receipt of a by 4 of the Cafhiers of the Bank of England, for any of the faid Sums

*	of Money, (hould effe&ually difchnrge the Perfon or Perfons to whom 4 the fame (hould be given, from being obliged to fee to the Appli-

*	cation, or from being anfwerablc for the Misapplication thereof:

1	4	And



AJ).i8*2.

$2° GEO. III.

C.75.

449

4 And it was thereby provided and declared, that both in refpe& 4 to the Securities to be depofited, and the Sums to be paid into 1 the Bank of England, as therein and hereinbefore is mentioned,

*	Care (hould be taken to diftinguilh thofe in which the Executors 4 of the laid Benjamin Goldfmid are interefted from the others, and 4 particularly the joint Property of the faid late Partnerlhijp of the

*	laid Benjamin and Abraham Goldfmid, remaining in Specie at the 4 Death of the faid Abraham Goldfmid, and to have feparate Ac-4 counts opened and kept for the fame, and that the Deeds which 4 Ihould be executed by the Parties thereto of the Firft Part, or

*	the Parties thereto of the Second Part, or any of them, for the Pur-4 pofes lad therein and hereinbefore mentioned, or any of them, 1 (hoold contain fuch Covenants and Agreements by the Parties, or 4 anjr of them, for the Title to the Property thereby conveyed, ‘ amgned orotherwife allured, and for the quiet PoiTellion, free from 4 Incumbrances, and further Aflurance of the fame, and all fuch other 4 Covenants, Claufes, Powers, Provifoes, Declarations and Agree-

*	ments, as the (aid Thomas Batnbridge, Alexander Baring, William ~ Pb Denifon and George Ward, or any Three of them, Ihould

:; And it was thereby agreed and declared between and by 4the Parties thereto, that if in coofequence of any Dire&ions as (therein and hereinbefore is mentioned, the Real and Perfonal Ef-

*	tates therein and hereinbefore mentioned, or any Part thereof,

*	Ihould be conveyed and afligned by the faid Parties thereto of the 4 Yirft and Second Parts, or any of them, to Truftees upon Trult 1 lor Sale, then the fame Truftees Ihould ftand and bepofleiTed of and 4 interefted in the Monies ariling by Sale of the laid Eftate and 4 Efe&s, or any Part thereof, upon and for the Trufts, Intents and ' Poipofes which the fame Monies would have been applicable unto 4 in the Hands of the faid Parties thereto of the Firft and Second 4 Parts, if fuch Sales had been effe&ed by them thefaid Parties thereto 4 of the Firft and Second Parts, but the faid Thomas Bainhridge, 4 Alexander Baring, WilluumJofepb Denifon and George Ward, or 1 any of them, Ihould have ffll Power and Authority to remove the 4 faid Truftees, or any of them, and to fubftitute One or more Per-4 ion or Perfons in their or any of their Stead, or to a& in Con-1 jun&ion with them; And it wa9 thereby provided and agreed, 1 that as between the faid Parties thereto of the Firft Part, and the 4 Eftate and EfFe&s of the faid Abraham Goldfmid, and the Eftate 4 and Effe&s of the faid Benjamin Goldfmid, nothing therein ex-4 prefled and contained Ihould be conftrued to alter or vary the In-1 teiefts of the faid feveral Parties thereto of the Firft Part, and 4 the Intereftof the (hid Parties thereto of the Second Part, as Exe-4 cotors and Devifees of the faid Abraham Goldfmidand of the Par-

*	ties thereto of tbe Fourth Part, as the Executors of the faid Ben-4 jemm Goldfmid, except that the Management of the Eftate of the 4 bid Abraham and Benjamin Goldfmid was to be carried on under 4 the Trufts and Powers of the faid Indenture ; and that if any of 4 the feveral Funds thereinbefore mentioned Ihould be reforted to -Out 4 ofits Courfe, for any of the Purpofea therein and hereinbefore men-1 boned, the Amount of what Ihould be fo fubtra&ed from it (hould 4 beside good to it out of the Fund in Aid of which fuch Subtrac-4 tiqg* ihould have been made; And it was thereby agreed and 1 declared between and by the Parties thereto, that in cafe of

* DifTerence



Google



4Jt>

C.75.	52°GEO.in.

4 Difference or Difptrte, all unfettled Accounts, Reckonings and 4 Tranfa&ions whatloever between the Eftates of the feid Bey*’

€ min Goldfmid and the faid Abraham Gold/mid, fhould, when and fo 4 often, and fo far as the circumftances of the cafe would adfcit,

4 be referred to the Arbitrament and Determination of Three Perfons,

4 One of whom (hould be chofen by the faid Infpe&ors orlnfpeftor \ 4 for the time being, and another by the Executors or Adminifba-

*	tors of the faid Benjamin Goldfmid, and the Third bv the Two Per.

4 fons who fhonld be fo firft chofen, and that the faid Arbitratou,

4 or any Two of them, fhould certify, by Writing under their Hindi, ■ 4 whether any and what Balance was in their Judgment duefromtk‘ 4 Eftate and Effe£fs of the faid Abraham Goldfmid to the Eftate 4 and Effects of the faid Benjamin Goldfmidor from the Eftate tad 4 Effe&s of the faid Benjamin Goldfmid to the Eftate and Effeftsof' 4 the faid Abraham Goldfmid, and fuch Certificate fhoald be binding,

‘ final and conclufive upon all the Parties thereto ; and that if it Mi 4 be found that a Balance was due from the Eftate and Effects of the 4 faid Alraham Goldfmid to the Eftate and Effects of the (aid Bo-4 jamin Goldfmid, then the faid Parties thereto of the Fourth Part, at 4 fuch Executors of the faid Benjamin Goldfmid, fhould be Credhoif 4 on the feparate Eftate and Effects of the faid Abraham Goldfmm 4 for the Amount of the faid Balance, and fhould be paid rateabtl 4 and proportionally with the faid Creditors on the faid Fund : And® 4 was thereby further agreed and declared bet ween and by the Paxtki 4 thereto, that in cafe the faid Parties thereto of the Fourth Part, 4 fhould find it neceffary or deem it advifable to a& under the Sand**

4 of a Court of Equity in carrying into Effe& the propofed Arrange*

4 ment for the Adjuftment of the laid unfettled Accounts, fuch of tltfj

*	Parties thereto who fhould be a neceffary or proper Party to a Salt’

*	to be inllituted in the faid Court for the Purpole aforefaid, fhould 4 concur therein and promote the Obieft thereof, and that nothing 4 thereiu contained fhould interfere With or in any manher Operate 4 againft any Dire6tions refpe<fting th#rEftate of the faid Benjamn 4 Goldfmid, which in fuch a Suit or OtnCrWife fhould be given or made 4 by any of His Majesty's Courts of Equity : And it was thereby 4 agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that if any 4 of the Parties thereto of the Firft Part, fhould in the Judgment of 4 the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Barings WiBiam Jofefk

*	Denifon and George Ward, or any Three of them, make Default 4 in performing all or any of the Covenants, Stipulations and Agree-4 ments therein and hereinbefore mentioned, which it was or fhould be 4 incumbent on fuch Perfons to perform, and the faid Thomas Bain-4 bridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward)

4 or any Three of them, fhould certify fuch Default by Writing un-4 der their Hands indorfed on the faid Indenture, or a Duplicate 4 thereof, filch Certificate fhould beconclufive Evidence of the Fact,

4 and then immediately thenceforth every Article, Claufe, Matteraud 1 Tiling thereinbefore contained, which reftrain the faid Creditors, or

*	any of them, from fuing or inforcing Payment of their refpe&be 4 Debts from the Perfon 10 making Default, fhould ceafe, determine 4 and he utterly void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoeter; bnt 4 neverthclefs the Covenants and Agreements thereinbefore entered 4 into by the Party making Default as aforefaid, fhould in refpeft to 4 him and all Perfons claiming under him, be in Alii Force and Eif&t,

4	4 but.



A.D.i8i2.

520 GEO. Ill*

•75*

45*

but fo as not to difturb the Arrangement thereby made or intended to be made of the Partnerfhip or feparate Property of fuch Perfon: And it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that the Infpedors named therein and to be appointed as thereinafter was mentioned, (liquid keep or caufe to be kept Minutes of all their Proceedings and Tranfadions in and about the Matters aforefaid, which {hould be acceflible at all reafonable times to the faid Creditors orany of them : And it was thereby further agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that it fhould be lawful for the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward, to dired by what Number and by which One or more of them any of the Powers and Authorities thereinbefore giren to them might be cxercifed, except only in refped to the Powers and Authorities to the Exercife of which the Concurrences of Three or Two of them was thereinbefore made neceflary ; and farther, that it fhould be lawful for the faid Infpedors for the time being, or any Three of them, to dired the Cods, Charges and Ex-pences incurred previoufly to and attending the Execution thereof, and the Arrangement intended to be made thereby, and the Cofts, Charges and Expences which fhould be incurred in the Execution of the Trufts and Purpofes aforefaid, and out of which Fund the feme fhould be paid ; and to make fuch Allowance to the Parties thereto of the Firft Part, or to their refpedive Families, and to the .family of the faid Abraham Gold/mid, for their refpedive Mainte-1 mace and Support, as to the faid Thomas Bain bridge, Alexander 1 Bering, William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward, or any Three cf ■'tlttn, ihould feem reafonable, yet fo that the Monies to be allowed in Maintenance to each of the Families and to the Family of the feid Abraham Goldfmid, fhould be paid fo far as might be practicable out of the feparate Eflate and Effeds of the Party to whom, or to whofe Family fuch Allowance fhould be made ; And it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that if the faid Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofeph Denifon and George Ward, orany of them, or any Perfon to be chofen an Infpedor in their or any of their Places or Stead, as therein and hereinafter is mentioned, fhould depart this Life, or decline to ad or become incapable of ading in the faid lnfpedor-Ihip, or defire any Perfon or Perfons to be aflociated with them or him in the fame, then and in fuch cafe, and fo often as the fame (hould happen, it fhould be lawful for the Lords Commifiioners of HisMajefty’s Treafury for the time being, to nominate and appoint any Perfon or Perfons to be an Infpedor or Infpedors in the Place or Stead of the Perfon or Perfons who fhould fo die or decline or become incapable to ad as aforefaid, or to ad in Conjundion with the Infpedor or Infpedors for the time being; and that every Infpe&or fo to be appointed as laftly hereinbefore mentioned fhould hare fach and the like Powers and Authorities in every refped as 1 the Perfon in whofe Room he fhould have been appointed, or in 1 Conjnn&ion with whom he fhould have been appointed 2 And it 1 thereby provided and agreed, tpat the Inlpedors nominated 1 thereby, and to be thereafter appointed as therein and hereinbefoie 4 i«u>eutioned, ftiould not incur any Refponfibiiity by their Diredion 1 or Management of the'Affairs intended to be put under their In-‘ fpedion, or be anfwerable or accountable for the Ad*, Negleds 52 GEO. JII.	G	g	4	or

Google

45*

C.7J.

5VGE0.UI.

A.D.i8i2.

1 or Defaults of any Perfon employed by them; And that it fhould

*	be lawful for the faid Infpectors, out of the Monies which under

*	the Provifions of the faid Indenture fhould be placed under their 4 Dire&ion and Controul, to retain to themfelves and allow to the ‘ other or others of them, all Coils, Charges and Expences which 4 they ihould fuflain or be put to by reafon or in confequeuce of the 4 faid Infpe&orlhip or Management of the Affairs of the Cud Putai 4 thereto of the Firft and Second Parts: And it was thereby agimi 4 and declared, that in cafe any Queilion, Matter or Thing (houli

‘ in the Management, Regulation or Condu& of the PartncriWfllrj 4 feparato Eftate aud Effeds of the faid Parties thereto of the raflj* ‘ Part, or of the faid Abraham Goldfmid, which was not exprefsly dt. 4 diftindly provided for thereby, or in cafe the Infpedors for the tiw£ 4 being under the faid Indenture ihould not be able to determine: *

4 agree, upon the Line of Conduit to bepurfued by them, or bvi 4 faid Parties thereto, or any of them, in the Matters and Tr 4 hereinbefore mentioned, or any of them, then and in every fuch

*	and fo often as the fame ihould happen, it ihould be lawful for 1 faid Infpedors for the time being to call a Meeting of the Pa

*	thereto of the Fifth Part, or tneir refpe&ive Reprefcntativet,

4 Fourteen Days Notice in The London Gazette, and to fubmit ft 4 Queilion, Matter or Thing, to the Confideration of the Pei"

*	who might be prefent at luch Meeting, and that the Detei

*	tion of the major Part in Number and Value of the Creditors pi 4 at fuch Meeting ihould be binding and conclufive on all P<

4 entitled to any Benefit under the faid Indenture; and further,

‘ if any Queilion ihould arife on the true Conftru&ion of the fail 4 denture, or any Claufe or Provifion therein contained, which* in 4 Opinion of the Infpe&ors for the time being, (houkl appeardi

~ 4 ful, it ihould be lawful to the faid Infpe&ors to fubmit the 4 Queilion to His Majesty’s Attorney and Solicitor General for 4 time being ; and in cafe of a Difference of Opinion between th 4 then to the Opinion of fome one Perfon appointed by the find M* 4 torney and Solicitor General, pm! the Decifion fo obtained fhodl 4 be binding and conclufive on all Parties entitled to any BtaM

*	under tbe faid Indenture: And lailly, the faid Parties thereto

*	the Firfl and Second Parts, did thereby declare and direct, that A

*	and every Perfons and Perfon in whom any Real or PerfonalEte 4 whatfoever of the Parties thereto of the Firft Part, or any of tlMB* 4 or of them the faid Parties thereto of the Second Part, as JLat» 4 cutors or Devifees of the faid Abraham Goidfmrd, then wa^ or 4 thereafter fhould or might be veiled for any Eftate, Termor Is* 4 tereft whatfoever, or who had or fhould have any Charge or Lien 4 thereupon, fhould Hand and be poffeffed of and interefted in tho

*	faid Elate* Terms, Charges, Interefls or Liens, upon Truft, tfr 4 convey, affign and difpofe of the fame as th$ find Thomst Bm-4 bridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofeph Dent Jon and

4 Ward, or any Three of them, fhould direH or appoint; and »• 4 Default of fuch Direction or Appointment, upon fuch TrufU 4 would be moil fubfervieut to the Trnfts, Intents and Purpofo*

*	thereinbefore exprefled and contained p£ and concerning the Umt 4 and facilitate the Execution of the fame : And whereas the Ar* 4 rangement intended or agreed to be made by the. fuel Indenture of 4 the Tweqty feventh Day of November One thoufand-eight hundred*

and



Google

520 GEO. m.

C.75.

453

greatly facilitate the Payment of the faid Crown of Four hundred and fixty fix thoufand feven hundred Pounds,^

>▼ rcafon thereof it is expedient and necefiary that the (aid. lgement fhould be carried into Execution :* May it therefore four Majesty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent tern aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Indenture lenture of Five Parts, bearing Date the Twenty feventh Day confirmed. rnber One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and all the Cove-d A greements, Powers, Provifoes, Claufes, Matters and Things. vAj/.vi.ed and contained, fhall be, and the fame are hereby , confirmed and eftablilhed : Provided always, that nothing 01 tained fhall give Effed to any Claufe contained in the faid the faid Abraham Gohlfmid, for fettling the Balance of the : between them and his faid Brother Benjamin Goldfmid, fo toy fuch Claufe may be prejudicial to the Interefts of the r$ of either of them the faid Benjamin or Abraham Goldfmid.

i it is hereby further euaded, That the faid Sum of Four Debt due to the 2nd fixty fix thoufand feven hundred Pounds, and every Claim

Crown dif-

nand of the Crown upon the Eftate and Effeds cj the faid charS?<h Goldfmidy or of his laid refpedive furviving Partners on ac-he lame, fhall be paid, difeharged and liquidated upon the and Conditions, and in the manner and fubject to the Power azance aud other Regulations acceded to and ftipufeted for laid Right Honourable5^//c^r Perceval, and mentioned and in the laid Indenture, according to the true Intent and Mean-lame, as if all fuch Terms, Conditions, Powers, Autho-3efeazances and Regulations were herein particularly and and feparately enaded in this Act as they are in the faid recited and fet forth.

And be it further enaded, That the Purchafer or Purchafers Fftatet and the Eftate or Effeds of the faid Abraham Goldfmidy or of Effects fold Aaron Goldfmidy or of the faid Thomas Aloxon, or of the laid un£kr Dircdiou* Salmons, under the Trulls or Diredions of the faid Inden- Indenture the Twenty feventh Day of November One thoufand eight d ten, paying his, her or their Purchafe Money, and all Crown.

-inns whofoever paying Money, or transferring or delivering A , Funds or Securities, or other Effeds what foe ver under Trails or Provifions, and in the manner preferibed by the fame, any wife be liable to the Prerogative or other Rights or of the Crown, for or on account of the faid Sum of Four d fixty fi'X thoufand feven hundred Pounds, or any Part and that all and every the Perfons or Perfon whofoever to v Eftates or Effeds of the faid Abraham Gohlfmid or his funriving Partners, (ball be conveyed or afligned under the U.rettions of the faid Indenture of the Twenty feventh Day ter.btr One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and in the manner btd by the fame, and their refpedive Heirs, Executors, Admi*

* 2nd Afiigns, (hall hold and enjoy the faid Eftate and EfFeds,

’ ufthem, freed, acquitted and abfolutely difeharged of and aid Sum of Four hundred and fixty fix thoufand feven liun-Pwndi, and all Adions, Suits, Claims and Demands whntfo-fvnicli if this Ad had not been made, His Majesty, his Heirs G g 2



Goo^fe

A»D* 1812*

454	C-75,76.	52°	GEO.	III.

Treafury to invert igate Conduct of Representatives of the late Abraham GoldfmidL

Frovifo.

Public Ad.

or Succeffors, might or could have in or upon the faid Eftate ad Effefts or any oF them, on account of the faid Sum of Four hundred and fixty fix thoufand feven hundred Pounds, under any Statute, Law or Ufage tvhatfoever.

• IV. And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Commifltoners of His Majesty’s Treafury, or any Three of them, at any time hereafter to inveftigate the Cooduft of the faid Aaron Goldfmid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Sedomm, and of the Perfonal Representatives of the faid Abraham Goldjmi, -deceafed, by fuch means as they (hall deem proper, as to the Manage* j ment and Appropriation of the joint and leparatc Property of the- “ faid late Partnerihips, and of the Individuals com poling the fame;' and if upon fuch inveftigating they (hall approve and be fttitfied with fuch Conduft, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Lords Commiflioners, or any Three of them, by Writing under thar Hands and Seals, to declare and pronounce the faid Aaron Go&~ /mid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, as to their Pcrfons tad future Property, and alfo the faid Perfonal Reprefentatives as Sack Representatives, acquitted and difcharged of and from any futm Claim on the Part of His Majesty or any of his Succeffors, on accon or in refpeft of the faid Debt or Sum of Four hundred and fixty fi thoufand and feven hundred Pounds, or fo much thereof as lhall the remain due and unfatisfied ; and it is hereby declared, that from as after fuch Declaration fo to be figned and Sealed by the faid Lori Commiflioners, or any Three of them, the faid Aaron Goldfm Thomas Moxon, and Nathan Salomons, as to their Perfons and ratal Property, and alfo the faid Perfonal Reprefentatives as fuch Repn fentatives, (hall be as fully and effectually difcharged, to all Ioted and Purpofes, from the faid Debt or Sum of Four hundred and fixl fix thoufand and Seven hundred Pounds, as if the fame had been fufl paid and Satisfied ; any Statute or Law to the contrary thereof j any wife notwithftanding: Provided neverthelefs, that nothing here! contained (hall be conftrued, deemed or taken to limit or affeft tfc Right of His Majesty as to the Property, Eftate and Effefts con veyed and afligned by the'faid Indenture of the Twenty Seventh Dt of November One thoufand eight hundred and ten, or mentioned on intended fo to be.	^

V. And be it further enafted, That this Aft lhall be deemed?} adjudged and taken to be a Public# Aft, and lhall be judicially*} taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without^ fpecially pleading the fame.	j

CAP. LXXVI.

An Aft to amend feverul Afts. relating to the Revenue of ‘; Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland.	[ift	July	i8ji.]	^

ff O.3. e.116. * TTTHEREAS by an Aft of the Forty ninth Year of Hit pre.*

*	W Sent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An AS to make further 1 Provifion for the Execution of the fevered ABs relating to.the Re*-€ venues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commf^

*	fioners of Cujloms and Port Dufies, and of the ComrniJJtoners of h+*

*	land Excife and Taxes in Ireland, it is enafted, that no Surcharge

*	lhall be made on account of any Ihort Charge of Duty payable on < the Importation of any Goods, Warts or Merchandizes imported

«ia»



v^»ooQle

A.D. 1812.

5 2° GECX III.

C.7 6.

455

‘ wto or exported oat of Ireland, at any time after the palling of 1 the faid Aft, upon the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have im-

*	ported the Tame, at any time after the Expiration of Four Calendar

*	Months next after the Entry made thereof, on which any Duty

*	(hall have been computed and paid, whether the fame fhall be an

*	Entry either inwards or outwards, or a Prime or Port Entry, or an

*	Entry of Goods in Warehoufe, but that all Surcharges of Duty in

*	refpeft of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize fo imported or

*	exported fhall be made within Four Calendar Months next after % fuch Entry, Computation and Payment as aforefaid : And whereas 4 it is expedient that the faid recited Provifion Ihould be repealed,

*	and other Provifions made in lieu thereof Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Coofent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the	'' '

Jame, That the faid recited Provifion fhall be and the fame is hereby Repealed, repealed.

II.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Error fhall at any Manner of rec-time have been committed in any Entry of Goods, Wares or Mer- tifying Errors in thandize imported into or exported out of Ireland, by the including Enu7 of Goods or charging therein a greater or lefs Quantity of fuch Goods, Wares #r Merchandize, or a greater or lefTer Amount of Duty than ought ^ j)uty. m°Unt tphave been included or charged, it (ball and may be lawful for the Eliminator of Cufloms, and he is hereby required to reftify the fame m fpeedily as may be convenient after fuch Entry fhall have been mdr, and to report the fame to the Commiflioners of Cufloms md Port Duties in Ireland, and if it fhall appear that the Amount Duty charged in any fuch Entry againil any Importer or Ex-

Ker was greater than the fame ought to have been, it fhall be ol for the faid Commiflioners of Cufloms and Port Duties, and they are hereby required to make an Allowance forthwith to fuch Importer or Exporter of the Amount of Duty fo overcharged, and i£ it (ball appear that the Amount of Duty charged in any fuch Entry againfl any Importer or Exporter was lefs than the fame ought to ^ave been, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Com-miffioners of Cufloms and Port Duties, and they are hereby required to caufe Notice figned by any One of the faid Commiflioners or by their Secretary on their Behalf, to be given to fuch Importer or Exporter of the Amount of the Deficiency of the Duty in confequence of fuch erroneous Entry, and if fuch Importer or Exporter fhall not within One Month after fuch Notice (hew fufficient Caufe to fuch Commiflioaers of Cufloms and Port Duties why he fhould not be charged with and pay fuch Deficiency or fome Part thereof, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners of Cufloms and Port Duties to order a Return to be made to the Colleftor of the Cufloms at the;

Port into or from which fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize fhall have been imported or exported, of the Amount of fuch Deficiency with which the faid Commiflioners fhall have adjudged him to be chargeable, and the Duty fpecified in fuch Return fhall be a Surcharge on fuch Importer or Exporter, and if fuch Exporter or Im-. porter fhall not upon Demand or within Ten Days next after pay the hill Amount of fuch Duty fo furchargeA* fuch Importer or Ex-

Srter (hall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and a Sum equal to v Penalty, .aabkthe Amount of Duty which fhall be fo returned and fur*

G g 3	charged,

vjOOQLC

4S<5

C.76.

51* GEO. III.

AJD.iSu.

Merchants having Goods wjie-houfed to attend on receiving * Notice.

Carmen or Coopers plying on Cuftom Houfe Quays lo have Badges of Approbation.

Penalty.

Penalties how levied.

14 & 15 Car. JU (I.) Self. 4. c. 8.

46 G.3. c.106.

charged, provided that no fuch Return fliall be a Surcharge on any Importer or Exporter unlefs it fhall have been made within Foot Calendar Months, and the Amount thereof demanded within Nil 'Calendar Months after the Date of the original Entry.

* III. And whereas under and by virtue of the Laws now ii

*	force in Ireland, certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imports

*	inter Ireland, are permitted andallowed to be warehoufed and fatM

*	in His Majesty’s Warehoufe* and Stores at certain Ports in Irclm

*	under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant: Ai

*	whereas great Inconvenience has arifen to the Revenue from tk

*	Merchants not attending to open their Locks when required (otj

*	do Be it therefore enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful fa the Storekeeper of His Majesty’s Stores in fuch Ports as aforefai' whenever it (hall be judged expedient fo to tlo, to caufe Twen four Hours Notice in Writing to be left at the ufual Place of Abode any Merchant Who (hall have warehoufed any Goods as aforefai requiring fuch Merchant to attend at fuch Warehoufe or Store a certain time in fuch Notice to be fpeciiied, and to opeo his Lock Lock?, and in Default of fuch Merchant’s attending add opening hi Lock or Locks pbrfoant to fbch1 Notice, theri and in fuch cafe it * and may be lawful for the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port ties in Ireland, or any Three of thetni to direft fuch Storekt

to remove or caufe to be iiemoved thb Lock or Locks of fuch__

chants fo neglefting to attend arid opeii fuch Lock or Locks aforefaid.	.	.	•

IV.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall not be lawful

any Perfon to ply or aft as Garmah or Cooler on the Cuftom I Quays of the Ports of Dublin Or 'Cork, orm the Stores of the Cuftom Houfe*, or either of them, until ftich Period (half be approved of by the Surveyors of the &ld Quays or Stores i*f| tively, and receive from them, in Teftimbriy of fuch T^pprobatioci Badge fignifying the fame, which Badge Audi bb delivered ew fuch Penon without Fee br Reward; and if‘any Perfon /hall p\f aft as7 Carman or Cooper on the faid Quays, or eftfte^' of them,* fa any of the faid Stores until badge? dr approved of as aFofefa fuch Perfon being thereof conviftecf before •anV Magiftfafa' of ilfij Cities of Dublin and Cork refpeftively, fhall forfeit tile Sofa of Ti# Pounds, and in Default of Payment of the faid Sum (hill be idi prifoned for One Month without Bail or Mainprize. 1 * *'	'	I

V.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Penalties and

Forfeitures un^er this Aft, except fuen as are fpecifcfly provided fof} (hall be levied and paid m Brhijb Currency, and Audible fued'foh recovered and applied'in the fame manner and un'dft fach PoWeriand Authorities • ana by fuch Ways arid' means'and kccordfag^tb fuck Rules and Direftions as are appointed, ditefted and ’ exprefled M levying or recovering any Penalties or Forfeitures hi1 and bf lb Aft made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and ‘Fifteenth Years' of H» late Maiefty King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for the fettBnt of the Kxcife or new Impoft upon His Mnjefly, his Hors and Suitef firs, actor ding to the Book of Kates therein inf tried; or m and by an Aft made fa the Forty fixth Year bf His pfafent MajestyYReign, intituled An AB fo provide for the better Execution of At fractal A&* relating to the Revenues* Matters and Things under the'‘Manage* merit of the ContmiffontrsOf Cujhmt and Fort Duties, ascii of the .-.'r.	-	■ -i\k ..	^<m*tffmen



Google

4S7

$2° GKO. III.	C.76,77.

Gmmtfomers of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland 5 or in and by wy otner Aft or Aft* in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues afCuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effeftually to ill Iotents and Purpofes as if the fame were herein exprefled and aa&ed, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties Appeal, iggrieved, as in and by the faid recited A6t made in the Fourteenth nd Fifteenth Years or His late Majesty King Charles the Second,

>r any other Ad or Ads as aforefaid is provided.

VI.	And be it further euafted, That this Ad (hall commence Commencement tod take Effeft immediately from and after the Expiration of One ofAtt. Calendar Month next after the palling thereof, and not fooner, except a cafes where any other Period is exprefsly mentioned for the Com*

Bencement of any Claufe or Provifion hereinbefore contained.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Ad for granting an additional Drawback on Flint, Phial and Crown Glafs \ for charging an additional Countervailing Duty on Flint and Crown Glafs imported from Ireland\ and for the better Prevention of Frauds in the Exportation of Glafs on Drawback.	[ill July 1812.]

•	TT7HEREAS it is expedient to allow the additional Drawback,

1 W and impofe the additional Countervailing Duties herein-

*	after mentionedBe it therefore enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament ambled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after .

the palling of this Aft, there lhall be allowed the following additional	^

Drawbacks, for and in refpeft of the feveral Sorts of Glafs hereinafter Exportation ©f

mentioned refpeftively made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland, Glafs.

and imported direftly into Great Britain, for which all the Duties

impofed for or in refpeft thereof relpeftively lhall have been paid,

and which (hall after the palling of this Aft be duly exported to

Foreign Parts as Merchandize ; that is to fay.

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glafs and Phial Glafs re-fpeftivriy fo made, paid Duty for, and exported, the additional 80m of Sixteen Shillings and Three pence:

And for every Hundred Weight of all Window Glafs fo made, pad Duty for, and exported, not being Spread Glafsr and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glafs or German Sheet Glafs, an additional Sum of Seven Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny:

And fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity of the laid feveral Sorts of Glafs refpeftively.

II. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the palling p ... of thi* Aft, there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid unto	**

HisMajeftv, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, the feveral additional Countervailing 6utics of Excife hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay,

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glafs made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, an additional Countervailing Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Three pence; and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity :

And for every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glafs, not being Spread Glafs, and commonly called or known by the

G g 4	Name

•

45 8

A.D.i8i2.

Duties under Commifltoners of Excil'e.

Duties paid into Exchequer.

Drawbacks paid according to Regulations pre-Icribfcd by 26 G. 3. c. 77.

§3.

Perjury.

Regulations for packing of Glifstu entitle to Drawback.

C.77.	52°	GEO.	III.

Name of Crown Glafs, or German Sheet Glafsv made in Ireland* and imported from thence into Great Britain, an additional Countervailing Duty of Seven Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny ;

And 10 in Proportion for any greater or lets Quantity.

III.	And be it further enaded, That fuch of the CountervaOxag Duties by this Act impofed as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called England, (hall be under the Management of the Commifiioners of Excife in England for the time being; and fuck thereof as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called Scot laid, (hall be under the Management of the Commifiioners of Excife ia Scotland for the time being 5 and (hall be raifed, levied, collected and paid under, fubjed and according to the Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Provifions by any Ad or Ads of Parliament 1a force relating to the Payment of the Countervailing Duties of Excife, for or in refped of any Goods or Commodities made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That all the Monies anting by the Countervailing Duties by this Ad impofed, the neceflary Charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted, fhall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majedy’s Exchequer at Wejlminfter, and (hall be carried to and make Part of the Con-folidated Fund of Great Britain•

V.	And be it further enaded. That the faid additional Draw, backs (hall be paid and allowed out of the Duties of Excife by Law impofed, under, fubjed and according to the Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Provifions contained and provided in and by an Ad made in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, J among other things, for the Amendment of feveral Laws relating to theDuties under the Management of the Commifiioners of Excife, or by this or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force relating to the Exportation of Glafs on Drawback, Cave and except that in lieu and inllead of the Oath required by the faid Ad of the Twenty fixth Year aforefaid to be made by the Exporter, that he believes the Duties upon the Materials to have been fully paid, the Exporter (hall make Oath that he believes the Duties by Law im-pofed for or in refped of fucli Flint Glafs, Phial Glafs, Crown Glafs or German Sheet Glafs refpe6tively intended to be exported, to have been fully paid, (and which faid lad mentioned Oath the proper Surveyor or Supcrvifor or Officer of Excife is hereby authorized and empowered to adminifler) ; and any Perfon or Perfons who (hall be convided of wilfully taking a falfe Oath in any cafe in which the faid lad mentioned Oath is required to be taken by virtue of this Ad, (hall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Perfons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That no Glafs whatfoever made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported into Great Britain, (hall be packed for Exportation on Drawback, in any Crate or other Package made or condrudcd with any void Space or Spaces in or between the component Parts thereof, or any of them, but all fuch Glafs fhall be packed for Exportation in Calks, Boxes or Cbefls only, and in which the Exporter (hall, previous to the packing of fuch Glafs therein, have cut or funk, or caufe to be cut or funk, a fufficient Number of Circular Cavities, each thereof uot lefs than a Quarter of an Iqch, nor more than Half an Inch in Depth, aud

16	nut

1



459

$1* GEO. III.	C.77.

not leig than One Inch nor more than an Inch and Half in Diameter, to receive the Seal dire&ed by the faid A& of the Twenty fixth 26 G.j. c. 77. Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign to be put on fuch Package, $ 3-and for the Purpofe of prote&ing fuch Seal from being deftroyed, defaced, broken or damaged; and where any fuch Glafs (hall be packed for Exportation, in any Calk, Box or Ched, each fuch Cavity (hall be cut or funk, One Part thereof on the Edge of the Lid or Cover, and the other on the Side of fuch Box or Ched, fo that each fuch Seal may be conveniently placed by the proper Officer of Ex-cife, Part on the Wood of fuch Lid or Cover, and the Relidue on the Wood of the Side of each fnch Box or Ched; and no Drawback lhall be paid or allowed for or in refped of any Glafs not packed in a Calk, Box or Ched as aforefaid, nor for or in refpe£t of any Glafs packed in any Box or Ched not having a fufficient Number of fuch Cavities as aforefaid; any thing in any Ador A6U of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wife notwithdanding:

Provided always, neverthelefs, that nothing herein contained lhall Provifo. extend, or be deemed or conilrued to extend, to prohibit the packing of Whole or Half Tables of Spread Glafs, or of Crown Glafs, or any Common Bottles made of Common Bottle Metal, in any Crate or other Package whatfoever; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithdanding.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons Fraudulently fhall lay, place or depolit, or caufe to be laid, placed or depolited packing GUs. any. Brick, Stone or other heavy Subdance other than Flint Glafs

or Phial Glafs or Broad Glafs or Crown Glafs, in anv Calk, Box or Ched containing Flint Glafs, Phial Glafs, Broad &lafs or Crown Glad refpe&ively, packing or packed for Exportation on Drawback, the Perfon or Perfons fo offending lhall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit ar.d lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, Penalty, and every fuch Calk, Box or Ched, together with all fuch Glafs,

Brick, Stone or other heavy Subdance as aforefaid contained therein lhall be forfeited.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons Alteiing any fhall cut out, erafe, obliterate, deface, alter or damage any, Figure,

Letter or Mark, cut, written, painted, burnt or made on any Calk, height,

Box or Ched containing Glals for Exportation, expreffing or de-	’

noting the Weight or Tare of fuch Calk, Box or Ched, or the Weijpit of the Glafs contained therein, or the Time or Place of the packing thereof, or the Number of fuch Calk, Box or Ched, then and in every fuch cafe the Perfon or Perfons fo offending lhall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two Penalty, hundred Pounds, and every fuch Calk, Box or Ched, together with the Glafs therein contained, lhall be forfeited.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That it lhall and may be lawful Package branded to and for the proper Officer or Officers of Excife at the Port of better* Exportation, and he and they is and are hereby required, either oificer" before or after the (hipping of any Calk, Box or Ched of Glafs for Exportation, to brand, bum or mark every fuch Calk, Box or Ched

with the Letters E. G.; and if any fuch Calk, Box or Clied of Glafs, which (hall be branded on Shore, (hall not, within Twelve Hours next after the branding thereof, be (hipped and put on board the Ship or Veffel in which tne fame is intended to be exported, or if any Calk, Box or Ched of Glafs fo branded (either on Shore

or





C.77.

5a0 GEO. in.

A.D.1811.

I, (hall be found on Land after tbe Expiration of Dm the time when fuch Glafs was origintHy

Penalty.

Altering fuch

Letters.

Penalty.

Glafs entered and (hipped within 11 Months after packing for Exportation.

Commiffi oners of Excife may permit Repack-

or on Shii

Twelve Months	____ ____ _

packed for Exportation, then and in every fuch cafe the fame mall hi forfeited 1 and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall cut out, erafe, obliterate, deface, alter or damage fuch Letters, or either of them, or any Part thereof, the Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds*

X. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the paffinz of this Aft, no Debenture (hall be made out, nor (hall any Excife Drawback be paid or allowed to the Exporter for or in refpeft of any Glafs whatsoever made in Great Britain or made in Ireland, and exported from Great Britain, unlefs the fame (hall be duly entered for Exportation, and aftually (hipped on board the Ship or Veflel in which the fame (hall be intended to be exported within the Space of Twelve Months from the time when fuch Glafs (hall have been originally packed for Exportation, in purfuance of the Rules and Regulations in that Behalf contained and provided in and by tbe faid Aft, made in the Twenty fixth Year of His faid Majefly,s Reign : Provided always, neverthelefs, that nothing hereinbefore contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend to ex--	.	elude from the (aid Drawback any fuch Glafs not fo entered for

tionof ix	Exportation within the faid lad mentioned Space of time, and which

Months, Ac the Commiffioners of Excife, being fatisfied that the Export Seals, Tapes and Faftenings of the Caflc, Box or Cheft containing the fame, remain perfeft, entire and unbroken, and that fuch Calk, Box or Cheft has not been opened or any of the Glafs withdrawn or taken from or out of the lame, (hall permit or fuffer to be repacked for Exportation, and which be accordingly repacked for Exportation, under and fubjeft to the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Pro-vifions contained and provided in and by the faid Aft, made in the 77. J	Twenty fixth Year of His (aid Majesty’s Reign, and this Aft, for

and in refpeft of the original packing thereof; and all and finfeular the faid Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Provifions, (ball be ufcd, applied and put in Execution for and in fuch repacking, a$ folly and effe&ually»to Intents *nd Purpofes, as if tbe fame re-fpeftively had been repeated and re-enafted in this Aft, and thereby expreftly applied to every or any fuch repacking; and all and lingular the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, by the faid Aft of the Twenty fixth Year aforefaid, or by this Aft, impofed or created for any Breach of or Difobedience to any or either of the (aid Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions or Provifions (hall be ufed, applied and put m Execution for any Breach of or Difobedience to the f^id Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions or Provifions refpeftively, for and ip refpeft of any fuch Glafs fo repacked ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftaading.

CUT* psdwd be* XI. Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft fore puling Aft, contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend to preentitled to vent the making out of any Debenture for, or the Payment of any Drawback for or in refjpeft of anV Glafs (hipped for Exportation on board any Ship or Veflel in whicn the fame is on fuch Shipment intended to be exported, more than the Space of Twelve Months from the time when fuch Glafs (hall have been originally packed for Exportation, provided fuch original packing (hall have taken place before the patting pf this Aft.

XII. And

a6 G. 3. c.

13-

Drawback.



Google

AJ).i8ia.	520	GEO.	in.	C.77,78.	46	f

$

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Fines, Penalties and Penalties how Forfeitures impofed by this Ad (hall be fued for, recovered, levied levied, See. or mitigated by fuch ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws ol Excife, or by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture (hall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difeover or fue for the fame.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An A£k to make better Provifion for the Commiflioners of

Appeal in Revenue Caufes in Ireland.	[ift July 1812.]

*	TT7HEREAS the Salaries of the Commiflioners pf Appeals in

*	VV Revenue Caufes in Ireland are inadequate to the Import-

*	ance of their Offices 5’ Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Par- A . Salarv foment afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame That, from and after the paffing of this Ad* there (hall be iflued, paid and applied each Com-in every Year out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, to each and miffionerof every of the Commiflioners of Appeals in Revenqe Caufes in Ireland^ Appeal, a yearly Salary or Sum of Eight hundred Pounds net in lieu and kiftead of all Salaries and Allowances now payable to any and every foch Commiffioners of Appeals out of the laid Confoliaated Fqnd, at otherwife howfoever.

II. And be it further enaded, That in Addition to thq Payments Payment com* refpe&ively iflued and paid to'the feveral Commifliopers ©f Appeaf putedfrom on the Twenty fifth Day of itlarch One thoufand eight hundred and Dcc* aI»x®II# twelve, or at any time fubfequent to that Period and before the piling of this ACt, under any Law or Ufage in force before the puffing of thi* A&, there (hall be iflued to each of them refpedtively dot ot the faid Confolidated Fund fuch Sum or Sums of Money as wifl make up'each of fuch Payments refpe&ively to the Sum and Slims which eadh of the faid'Commiflioneb would Have been entitled t<f If'tSii'ACt had been in force on the Twenty fifth D,ay of Decern-hr One thoufand eight hundred and eleven.

Ilf. Arid be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful Annuities' for His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, by'any Letters Patent Cr.a"tcd tQ Com-rnider the ‘Great Seal of Ireland, to give and grant unto any Perfon Refignation^noc vW at any time previous to the paffing of this A& ipay or fhafl have exceeding 500k executed, or at any time after the puffing of this Adi may or (hall etteute the Oflfece of a Commiflioner of Appeals In Revenue Caufes in Irelandf and (hall refign the fame, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds ; the f^id fevctal Annuities to commence from aud after the Day op which the Perfon to whom any fuch Annuity or yearly Sum of Money (kail be granted as aforefaid, (hall have refigned fiis fajd Office,' and to continue from thenceforth for and during the Life of the Perfon to whom the fame (hall be granted as aforefaid; and every fuch Annuity or yearly Sum of Money (hall be iflued and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Confolidated Fund of Ireland

- • '	.	’	in



Google

Provrfo.

Com millions to continue during good Behaviour of Per-&>ds appointed.

BritBh Plantation Sugar, &c. imported into Bermuda in Britilh bhips exported to America in Foreign Vettels above 60 Tons.

Tobacco and other Articles may be imported Irani thence notwithftanding.

in fuch Order of Payment and at fuch Days and Times as the Salaries of the faid Commiflioners of Appeals are by Law payable, and (hall be paid without any Dedu&ion for Pells or Poundage, or other-wife : Provided always, that no fuch Annuity or yearly Sum of Money granted to any Perfon having executed the faid Office of Commifuoner of Appeals (hall be valid, unlefs fuch Perfon (hall have continued in luch Office of Commiffioner of Appeals for the Period of Fifteen Years, or (hall be afflicted with fome permanent Infirmity difabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which (hall be diftin&ly recited in fucli Grant.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed. That all and every Commiffion which (hall be ifTued at any time after the palling of this Ad for the Appointment of any Perfon or Perfons to be a Commiffioner or Com-mifiioners of Appeals in Revenue Caufes in Ireland, (hall be made to continue during the good Behaviour Qf the Perfon or Perfons fo to be appointed.

CAP. LXXIX.

Ail A£t to allow Brltijb Plantation Sugar and Coffee, imported into Bermuda in Britijh Ships, to be exported to the Territories of the United States of America in Foreign Ships or Veffels; and to permit Articles, the Produftion of the faid United States, to be imported mto the faid Ifland in Foreign Ships or Veffels.	[ift	July	1812.]

«' TTTHEREAS it is expedient to allow Sugar and Coffee, the

•	W Produce of any Britijh Colony or Plantation in the Weft In-

•	diest imported into the Ifland of Bermuda in Britijh Ships or Vef-

•	fels, to be exported from the Port of Saint George in the (aid

•	Ifland to the Territories of the United States of America in Foreign.

•	Ships or Veffels; and to allow certain Articles of the Growth or

•	Produdion of the Territories of the faid United States to be im-

•	ported into the faid Ifland in Foreign Ships or Veffels, and to be 4 re exported from thence in Britijh-built Ships or Veffels to Britijh I (lands in the Wejl Indies ft Be it therefore enaded by the King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for Sugar and Coffee, the Produce of any Britijh Colony or Plantation in the Wejl Indies, imported into the Iflaud of Bermuda in any Britijh Ship or Veffel, to be exported from the Port of Saint George in the faid Ifland of Bermuda to any Part of the Territories of the United States of America, in any Foreign Ship or Veffel belonging to any Country in Amity with His Majesty, above the Burthen of Sixty Tons ; any Law now in force to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to import Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Mads, Yards, Bowfprits, Staves, Heading Boards and Plank, Timber, Shingles and Lumber of any Sort, Horfes, Neat Cattle, Sheep,. Hogs, Poultry and Live Stock of any Sort, Bread, Bifcuit, Flour, Peale, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley and Grain of any Sort, fuch Commodities being of the Growth or Produdion of. the Territories belonging to the United States of America, from the

faid



Google

faid Territories to the Port of Saint George in the Ifland of Ber-muda, in any Foreign Ship or Veffel belonging to any Country in Amity with His Majesty ; any thing in an Aft parted in the Twenty eighth Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Ad for regulating the Trade between the Subjeds of Jits Majejly's Colonies and Plantations in North America and in the Weft India lflands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majejly's faid Subjeds and the Foreign Ijlands in the Weft Indies, or in any other Aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and maybe lawful to and for any of His Majesty’s Subjefts to export any of the Articles before enumerated, which (hall have been imported in any Foreign Ship or Veffel from the Territories of the United States into the I (land of Bermuda from the faid Port of Saint George, to any of His Majesty’s lflands or Dominions in the IVeJl Indies, in Briti/hf built Ships and Veflels, owned and navigated according to Law.

C A P. LXXX.

An Aft for eitending the Period in which Deeds were direfted to be enrolled by an Aft of the Fiftieth Year of His prefent

*	Majeftv, for amending feveral Afts for the Redemption and

Sale of the Land Tax.	[iff:	July 1812.]

*	TT7HEREAS by an Aft pafled in the Fiftieth Year of the f W Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to amend ‘ feveral Ads for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax9 it was ' enafted, that all Deeds required by the feveral Afts therein referred 4 to or by any other Afts relating to the Redemption of the Land 4 Tax to be enrolled or regiftered, (hould be valid and effeftual, al-

*	though the fame (hould not have been or (hould not be enrolled or *' regiftered within the Periods preferibed by the faid Afts refpec-*' lively, provided the fame (hould have been regiftered before the

*	palling of that Aft, or (hould be enrolled or regiftered within 1 Twelve Calendar Months after the palling thereof: And whereas 4 the time limited by the faid Aft having expired, and it being ex-

*	pedient to make rrovifions for the Enrolment or Regiftry of

*	Deeds which have not been duly enrolled or regiftered purfuant to

*	the Direftions thereofBe it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all Deeds required by the faid Aft or any other Afts relating to the Redemption of Land Tax to be enrolled or regiftered (hall be valid and effeftual although the fame (hall not have been or (hail not be enrolled or regiftered within the Periods preferibed by the faid Ads refpeftively ; provided the fame (hall have been enrolled or regiftered before the palling of this Aft, or (hall be enrolled or re-giitfred within Twelve Calendar Months after the palling thereof.



CAP.

Google

4<S3

a8 G. 3. c.6.

Articles To imported, exported to Weft Indies ia Britifh Vdfels.

50 G.3. 53-

Time for the kiA. rollment of DeedJ extended^

A.D.i8n.

464	e.;8i.	5 20 geo.	nr.

C A P. LM.

490.5.C.96.

Fund for fuper-

aLnuatedOfficers

vbofilhed,

and Mdney cr»£

leafed paid into

Exchequer.

An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Forty ninttt^ear of His prefent Majesty, for providing a durable Allowance of Superannuation to tne Officers of Excife, under certain Re-ftriftions.	£1tt	July l8ii.J

WHEREAS in purfuince of an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His ptefent Majesty, intituled € An A3 to provide fbr a durable Allowance of Superannuation to 9 the Officers of Excife under certain RcJlriQion^y the Commiffiouen 9 of Excife in England, or the major Part of them, have veiled in 9 the Purchafe of certain Shares, amounting in the Whole to Seventy 9 three thoufand nine hundred Pounds Stock in the Three founds 4 per Centum per Annism Corifolidated Annuities, the (ame being One « of the Joint Stocks of Annuities transferrable at the Bank of ‘ England, divers Sums. of lSloney f which have been dedu&ed out 9 of the Salaries of the Officers of Excife for the Relief and Support * of fuperannuated and worn-out Inferior Qfficera of Excife, and * the faid Shares of and in fuch Joint Stock have been transferred * to the Account, and kppt in the Books of jhe Governor and Com-* pany of the Bank of England, as the Shares of the Tru flees of 9 the Fufid for the .Reljef and Support of fuperanmiated pr worn-* out Inferior Officers'of Excife, mentioned in the faid Aft : And 9 whereas it is expedient, that the faid Shares (hould be fold by the * faid Truflees, and the Monies arifingfrom fuch Sale, and any Sum 9 or Sums of Money >vhieh (hall have already been or (hall before the * parting of this Aft be cbllefteS, dedufted or received, for t^e, * Relief and Support of fuch fuperannuated ojr worn-out Inferior 9 Officers of Excife as af^refaid, ffiould be,carried to the Account 9 of the Confolidated Duties of Excife, and be paid into the Receipt 9 of the Exchequer under tha^ Head,' ^nJ that all Payments, Pen-, 9 (ions a'nd Allowances, t6 fuWerannuated or worn-out Inferior 9 ^Officers of Excife, ffibuld in future be paiA out of the Confolidated. * Duties of Excife, and be pfVargecl to the* Account of Incidents pf ‘ that Department ;* Be it therefore enafted by the King’s itqfl Excellent Majefly, by atia with the Advice and Content the Lords Spiritual and TempdraT, and Commons, in this prefent Par, liament. affembred, and by the Authority of the fame, That np. Deduction fhall hereafter be made out of the Salary of any Offset or Officers of Excife', for the Relief or Support of the Inferiof Officers of Excife when fuperannuafeA or worn-out, and that,/from and after the Fifth Day of Jdnuary laft? the fa/d Fund for the Relief and Stlppbrt of.fuperannuat'edor worn-out Inferior Officers of E.xcif^ (half be abdlifhed, arid all Mdiuea wbicli (hall hive been dedufted, received or colTeftecr, foVthe Relief o? Support of fuph fu person Mated or worh-out Inferior 6fficefs of Excife as afoYefaidr whether fuch Monies fhdTl have been veiled in the Purchafe of any Share or Shares m any of the faid Joint Stocks of Annuities, or have been transferred to the Account, and kept in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as the Share or Shares of the Trullce* of the faid Fund of and in any fuch Joint Stock or Stocks, or remain in the Hands of any Perfon or Perfons whatever, (hall be paid over to the Commiffioners of Excife in England, and be by them paid

into





Google

465

52* GEO. IQ.	pG	8i,	82;

into the Receipt of Exchequer, under the Head of fame or one of the Confolidated Duties of Excife, and for which Purpofe the faid Truftees mentioned in the faid A & are hereby authorized and required to fell the faid Shares of the faid Joint Stock, arid that all Montes which (hall or may already have been dedu&ed, received or colle&ed, for the Relief or Support of fuch fuperannuated or worn-out Officers as aforefaid, and which (hall remain in the Hands or may come to the Hands of arty Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, (hall be paid to the faid Cumdiiffioners of Excife, and be bv them paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under the Heads of tne Confolidated Duties of Excife} fome or one of them; and that all Payments/ penfioo* and Penfions and Allowances, to fuperaiinuated or worn-out inferior Allowances paid Officers of Excife, heretofore paid out of the faid Fund, (hall be out of Duties of paid out of fome or one of the Consolidated Duties of Excife, and be charged to the Account of the Incidents of the Excife; any Law,

Cuftom or USage, to the contrary notwithftaijding.

C A P. LXXXH.

An A & for transferring the Scotch Excife Charity and Superannuation Funds to the Confolidated Fund, and paying all future Allowances from the latter Ftind, and for making Provifion for cettain fuperannuated Officers of Excife in England and Scotland\	[ 1 ft July	1812.]

WHEREAS by virtue of a Warrant granted by the Lords Warrant

Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Treafury, bearing Date 19th June 1714.

* the Nineteenth Day of Juhe One thohfand Seven hundred and * twenty four, enabling the Commiffionm of His Majesty’s Board 1 of Excife in Scotland by a Dedu&ion of Three pence in the Pound * from the Amount oi the Salaries of Colle&ors, Supervisors and ‘ Officers empldyed in colle&ing the Revenues of Excife in North * Britain, to caufe and eftablim a Fund entitled The Charity Fund,

‘ for the Relief of fuch Colle&ort, Supervisors and Officers, the ‘ (aid Commiffianefs of Excife in Scotland or the major Part of them ‘ have vefted in the Purchafe of Five thoufand fix hundred Pounds ‘ Seventeen Shillings and Seven pence Three Pounds per Centum 1 Bank Annuities, and in the Purchafe of Three thoufand Pounds • Navy Five Pounds pet Centum Annuities, divers Sums of Money 1 which have been dedu&ed out of the Salaries of the Officers of * Excife, and the faid Shares of and in fuch Joint Stocks as aforefaid • have been transferred to the Account and kept in the Names of the • Truftees of the faid Fiffid, for the Relief and Support of the ‘ Officers of Excife mentioned in the (aid Warrant, and the faid * Commiffioners, or the major Part of them, have aHo placed out at 1 Interefton Bond at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum9 ‘ the feveral Sums of Two thoufarfd Pounds and Five hundred 1 Pounds, which faid Sums were dedu&ed in manner before men-1 tioned, and the faid Commiffioners have alfo vefted in the Purchafe 1 of the Sum of Three thoufand four hundred Pounds Stock in the ‘ Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, divers Sums of * Money deducted out of the Salaries of the Commanders and Cut-1 terfmen of the Water Guard Excife Eftabliffirrient, and the faid * Share of and in the faid Joint Stock has beeu in like manner

* tranf-

	*

Fund for Relief ofSuperannuatcd t)fficer* abolilh-ed, and Money paid into Exchequer.

Fenfuros and Allowances paid out of Duties of Excife.

*	transferred to the Account and kept in the Names of the Trullees 4 of the faid Fund for the Relief and Support of the Perfons con-*- tributing thereto : And whereas it is expedient that the faid Sham

*	ftiould be fold by the faid Trullees refpe&ively, and that the 4 Monies arifing from fuch Sale, together with all Moniea which

*	before the pamng of this A& (hall have been received and placed 4 to Account of the faid Fund, fhould be carried to the Account of 4 the Confolidated Duties of Excife, and be paid into the Receipt 4 of the Exchequer under that Head, and alfo that the faid refpec-4 tive Sums of Two thoufand Pounds and Five hundred Pounds 4 together with the Interell arifing therefrom, fo foon as the Bonds 4 given for the Payment of the fame are difeharged, and fuch Intereft 4 as thereupon lhall in the mean time be payable fhould be carried 4 to Account and paid in manner before mentioned ; and that all Pay-4 ments, Pen (ions and Allowances to fuperannuated or worn-out 4 Inferior Officers of Excife, fhould in future be paid out of the 4 Confolidated Duties of Excife, and be charged to the Account of 4 Incidents of that Department Be it therefore ena&cd by the King’s Moft Excellent Maiefly, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That no Dedu&ion (hall hereafter be made out of the Salary of any Officer or Officers of Excife for the Relief or Support of the Inferior Officers of Excife when fuperannuated or worn out; and that, from and after the Fifth Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, the faid Fund for the Relief and Support of fuperannuated or worn-out Inferior Officers of Excife {hall be aboliihed, and all Monies which fhall have been deduced, received or colle&ed for the Relief or Support of fuch fuperannuated or worn-out Inferior Officers of Excife as aforefaid, whether fuch Monies (hall have been veiled in the Purchafe of any Share or Shares in any of the faid Joint Stocks of Annuities, or have been transferred to the Account and kept in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as the Share or Shares of the Trullees of the faid Fund, of and in any fuch Joint Stock or Stocks, or fhall be in any manner veiled with or remain in the Hands of any Perfon or Perfons whatever, {hall be paid over to the Commiffioners of Excife in Scotland, and be by them paid into the Receipt of Exchequer under the Head of fome or one of the Confolidated Duties of Excife, and for which Purpofe the faid Trullees mentioned in the faid A61 are hereby authorized and required to fell the faid Shares of the faid Joint Stocks ; and that all Monies which fhall or may have already been dedu&ed, received or collected for the Relief or Support of fuch fuperannuated or worn-out Officers as aforefaid, and which fhall remain in the Hands or may come to the Hands of any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, fhall be paid to the faid Commiffioners of Excife, and be bv them paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under the Heads of the Confolidated Duties of Excife fome or One of them ; and that all Payments, Penfions and Allowances to fuperannuated or worn-out Inferior Officers of Excife, heretofore paid out of the faid Fund, fhall be paid out of fame or one of the Confolidated Duties of Excife, and be charged to the Account of the Incidents of the Excife ; any Law, Cuilom or Ufage to the contrary rotwithftanding.

II. And



i8ia»	GEO.	III.	C.82,83.

And be it further enacted* That, from and after the palling of it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Com-aers of His Maiefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of by Warrant under their Hands, to grant and allow out of the we of Excife of England and Scotland refpeftively, to any r or other Perfon who (hall have been employed in the faid ue for and during the Space of Seven Years but lefs than Ten , and from whole Salary Dedu&ions (hall for and during the of Seven Years at the lead have been made for the Relief and >rt of the Iuferior Officers of Excife when fuperannuated or out, and who (hall by Age or Infirmity have become incapable >perly executing or performing the Duties of his Office, a n, Annuity or yearly Payment not exceeding One Third Part Salary and Emoluments of his Office.

And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be amended,

I or repealed, by any Aft or Ads of Parliament to be made in rfent Seffion of Parliament,

CAP. LXXXm. ft to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of 1rcb One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and amend nuch of an Aft, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth it of His prefent Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to jutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, embodied under an Aft of the fame Seffion of Parliament.

[ift July 1812.]

7HEREAS it is expedient that an Aft, patted in the Thirty / ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, □led An AS for granting* until the Twenty fifth Day of March thoufand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances to Adjutants, •ant Majors and Serjeants of Militia, difembodied under an AS Vu Scjfton of Parliament, intituled An A3 for enabling His efiy to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers the Militia under certain ReJlriQions, which has been revived continued by feveral fubfequent Afts until the Twenty fifth of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, (hould be a revived and further continued, fo far as the fame relates*to utants and Serjeant Majors ;* Be it therefore enafted by the 1 Mod Excellent Majesty, by aud with the Advice and Con-f the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this t Parliament aflerabled, and by the Authority of the fame, the faid recited Aft and the Allowances therein granted and **d to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, and all the Provifions thereto, (hall be revived from the faid Twenty fifth Day of )ne thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and be further con-mtil the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight and thirteen, fo far as the fame relates to Adjutants and Majors s and that all fuch and the like Allowances as would ra payable and paid unto any Adjutants and Seijeant Majors, aid Aft and Allowances had been continued by any Aft of ent before the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand aodred and twelve, (hall be payable and paid, and all Arrears Geo. III.	H h	thereof

L	Google

467

Treafury may allow Petitions to Officers lerv-ing a limited

time and becoming infirm.

Aft altered, Ice.

39 & 40 G. 3.

c.44.

Revived and continued as re. fpefts Adjutants, icc.

4(58

A.D.i8n.

C. 83 — 87.

52* GEO. IIL

Reduced Adjutants entitled to Pay as well as Allowance.

Provifo.

thereof fully fatisfied, in like manner in every refpcd as if this Ad had palled before the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thouland eight hundred and twelve.

II.	And be it further enaded, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance under this Ad may receive and take fuch Allowance, together with the Pay of any fuch Commifiion, or Half Pay, or any fuch other Allowance or Emolument, as is allowed to be held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, together with any Pay or Allowance to which he may be entitled as fuch Adjutant: Provided always, that no fuch reduced Adjutant (hall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Ad during the time he (hall hold any Place of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, other than fuch as aforefaid.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Aft for making Allowances in certain cafes to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while difembodied.

[ift July 1812.]

[This A3> except the Dates, is in all refpeds Jimilar to 51 G. 3. c, 109 ]

CAP. LXXXV.

An Aft for railing the Sum of Twenty two millions fire hundred thoufand Pounds by way of Annuities.

[ift July 1812.J

CAP. LXXXVI.

Ah Aft for railing the Sum of Five Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain) for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.	[9th	July 1812.]

44 Treasury may raife jC5,ooo,ooo by Exchequer Bills, in manner u prescribed bv 48 G. 3. c. 1.—§ 1, 2. Treafury to apply the 44 Money raifea. § 3. Principal of faid Bills charged on Firfl Sup 44 plies in next Sefiion. {4. Iutereft thereon of 3^d.^r Cent.ftr €t Diem- § 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer, See. alter u April 5, 1813. § 6. Bank of England empowered to advance 44 ^5,000,000 on the Credit of this Ad, not with Handing e & 6 44 W. & M. c. 20.—} 7.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Aft to repeal the feveral Duties under the Care of the Com» miffioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and ti grant new Duties in lieu thereof; and for transferring thi Management of the Duties on Playing Cards and Dice from the Commiffioners of Inland Excife to the Commiffioners of Stamp Duties.	[9th	July	1812.J

*	YT7HEREAS it is expedient 'to repeal the feveral Rates and

*	W Duties upon (lamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and

€ upbn other Articles and Things under the Care of the Commit

*	Boners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland ; and to confer'

4 dal

1



$2* GEO. III.	C.87.	4	6y

*	date and Amplify the fame, and to grant other Duties in lieu

•	thereof ;* Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual aud Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflemblcd,

and by tne Authority of the fame. That all and Angular the Duties Stamp Duties under the Care of the Commiflioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, and ^pealed, Stc all Allowances on the Purchafe of Stamps granted and made payable by any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland\ (fave and except only the Exception. Duties on Lottery Licences) fhall, from and after the Commencement of this Adi, ceafe and determine : Provided always, that nothing 'provifo. herein contained (hall prevent or be in any wife deemed, taken or con-ftrued to prevent the recovering, allowing or paying, at any time after the Commencement of this Ad, of any Arrears of Duty or Allowances which fhall then remain unpaid.

II.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Com- Stamp Duties mencement of this Ad, in lieu and inllead of the faid Duties and Al- defcribed in lowances by this Adi repealed, there fhall be granted, raifed, levied, Schedules colledled and paid in Ireland, unto His Majelfy, his Heirs and Sue- ' • eviC ceffors, for and in refpedl of the feveral Infl.rument6, Articles, Matters and Things mentioned, enumerated and defcribed in the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) to this Ad annexed, the feveral Sums of Money and Duties as they are refpedlively inferted, defcribed and fet forth in Words and Figures in the faid Schedules marked (A.) and (B.), and that there fhall be made, allowed and paid for or in refped of all fuch Articles, Matters or Things as are inferted, enumerated and defcribed in the Schedule marked (C.) to this Ad annexed, the feveral Allowances or Sums of Money refpedively inferted, defcribed and fet forth in the faid Schedule marked (C.) ; Allowace* fpe-any thing in any former Ad or A6ts contained to the contrary not- cified 'n ^che-withftanding ; and that no Sum or Sums of Money fhall be paid or C^O given in the Nature of Difcount or Allowance in the Purchafe of Stamps, other than fuch as is and are exprefled and direded in the faid Schedule marked (C.) ; any thing in any former Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithftanding 5 and that the faid Schedules, and each and every of them, and every Matter and Thing therein refpedively contained, fhall be deemed, taken and confidered as Part of this Ad.

III. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Com- Inftead of mencement of this* Ad, the Duties of Excife made payable in Ireland Duties on Card* by virtue of an Ad made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent andJ)ice^umkr Majesty’s Reign, intituled yin Ad to grant to His Majejly certain In- c/i8.*thoie\pecl-Lad Duties of Excife and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Draw- fied in Schedule lochs in refped thereof in lieu of former Duties of Excife, Taxes and (B.) paid, j.Drawbacks on Cards and Dice made or manufadured or vended in :Ireland, fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed (except only fo •far as relates to any Countervailing Duty on Cards and Dice made I or manufadured in Great Britain and imported into Ireland), and the Duties of Stamps on fuch Cards and Dice in the Schedule (B.) to this Ad, fpecified, mentioned and contained, fhall, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, be paid and payable in lieu and in-ftead of any Duties on fuch Cards and Dice under or by virtue of •the faid recited Ad of the Forty feventh Year of His prefent iMaje fly’s Reign.

1 IV. And be it further enaded, That any Licence to fell Spi- uceT1CM to on ' ntuous Liquors,Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin Spirituous Li-

H h a	or	nuors-



470

A.D.i8il

Provifo.

Duties and Allowances payable in BtitifhCurrency, except Fractions.

Duties under Commiflioners of Stamp Duties.

Duties paid to Receiver General, and by him to Exchequer.

Half of Duties

on Admiflion of Students, &c. accounted for to Treafurer of Society of &ng * inns.



c.87.	520GEO.ur.

or Mead* by Retail, the Stamp Duty whereon fhall eiceed the Sara of Eleven Pounds, fhall authorize the Perfon licenfed thereby to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity whatever, great or fmall, without any further or other Licence : Provided always, that do Perfon, the Stamp Duty on the Licence to whom to fell fuch Liquors by Retail fliall be lefs than Twenty two Pounds, (hall be authorized by fuch Licence to fell Spirits in any Quantities exceeding Two Gallons, but that if any fuch Perfon on whofe Licence any fuch Stamp Duty lefs than Twenty two Pounds fliall be paid, fhall pay fuch additional Stamp Duty as (hall make the whole Stamp Duty paid by fuch Perfon amount to Twenty two Pounds, fuch Perfon fhall be authorized to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantities whatever great or fmall without any further or other Licence: Provided alio, that no Licence whatever fliall authorize any Perfou not being a Retailer or Grocer to fell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities lefs thau Two Gallons, nor fhall authorize any Grocer to fell in Quantities lefs than Two reputed Quarts, nor fhall authorize any Perfon not being licenfed to fell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and not being a Difliller or Importer of Spirits, to fell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities lefs than Fifty Gallons.

V.	And be it further eoa&ed. That the Duties and Allowances ; by thi3 Act granted and made payable, fhall be paid and payable j according to the Amount thereof in Britt/b Currency, except only fuch of the faid Duties as are under the Sum of Six pence, or be* tween the Sum of Six pence and One Shilling; and that in all cafes where any Duties of Stamps or any Allowances in refped thereof are dire&ed to be afcertained by the Amount of any Sum in refpeCt whereof fuch Duties are impofed, or fuch Allowances are made, fuch Amount fhall be eftimated in Britifh Currency, except where it is otherwife exprefsly directed.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That the feveral Duties and Allowances hereby granted and made payable fliall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commiflioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the time being.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That all Monies arifing by the feveral Duties hereby granted fhall be paid from time to time by the feveral Diftributors of Stamps in Ireland into the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being of the Duties on ftamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper in Ireland, and to no other Perfon whatever; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding; and the faid Receiver General fhall pay the fame (the neceflary Charges of railing, paying and accounting for the fame being deduced) into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, at fuch times, and in fuch manner as the Duties on ftamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper are by Law directed to be paid ; and all Monies fo paid into the faid Receipt fliall be carried to and made Part of the Con* folidated Fund of Ireland.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiflioneis of Stamp Duties in Ireland fhall caufe to be kept a diltinft Account of One Half or Moiety of the Money arifing from the refpe&hre Duties of Twenty Pounds in the faid Schedule (A.) mentioned, on the Admifiion of any Student into the Society of king’s Inns, and on the Admifiion of any Barrifter into the Inns of Court 5 and of the Sum of Seven Pounds, Part of the Duty of Fifty Pounds in

the



A.D.i8n.	520 GEO. III.	C.87.	471

the faid Schedule mentioned* upon each Part of Indentures binding an Apprentice to an Attorney; and that the Receiver General of the Duties hereby granted (hall pay the fame at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer 5 and the Commilfioners of His Majesty’s Treafury, or the Lord High Treafurer for the time being, (hall caufe the faid Moiety of the faid Duty of Twenty Pounds, and the faid Proportion of the faid Duty of Fifty Pounds, to be paid to the Treafurer of the faid Society of King’s Inns, to be applied by him in fuch manner as (hall be dire&ed by the faid Society.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That no Legacy given Legacies for for the Education or Maintenance of poor Children in Ireland, or Charitable pur-to be applied in the Support of any public charitable Inftitution pofes exempted, in Irelandt (hall be liable to any Duty on Legacies under this Ad ;

and that no Legacy conliiling of Books, Prints, Pidures, Statues,

Gems, Coins, Medals, Specimens of Natural Hiftory or other fpecific Articles, which (hall be given or bequeathed to or inTruft for any Body Corporate, whether aggregate or foie, or any Society, or any endowed School, in order to be kept and preferved by fuch Body Corporate, Society or School, and not for the Purpofes of Sale,

(hall be liable to any Duty impofed on Legacies under this Ad.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That this Ad (hall not extend What Adver-to charge with any of the Duties impofed in Schedule (B.) of this tifements,&t. Ad, on Advertisements, any Advertisements publifhed by the Panted by Truftees of Hofpitals relative to the Bufinefs of fuch Hofpitals ; i;abic°oDuty dot to charge with any of the Duties impofed in the faid Schedule

od Pamphlets, any Ad of Parliament, Proclamation, Order of Council, Form of Prayer and Thankfgiving, or any Ad of State which (hall be ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to be printed or publifhed, or any Votes or other Matters which are or (hall be ordered to be printed by either Houfe of Parliament, or any Books commonly ufed in any of the Schools of Ireland, or any Books containing only Matters of Devotion and Piety, or any Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any daily Accounts or Bills of Goods imported or exported, lo as fuch daily Accounts or fuch Bills of Goods imported or exported do contain no other Matter than Accounts of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, and the Particulars relating to fuch Imports and Exports, and fo as the fame be printed and publiflied by fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be authorized thereto by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it enadled, That the Duties by this Bills and Notes Act impofed on Bills of Exchange, PromifTory Notes and Drafts or payable to Besrex Orders for Payment of Money, (hall not be charged on any Draft on Demand, noi or Order for the Payment of Money on Demand payable to Bearer, 10

drawn upon any Banker or Bankers, or Perfon adting as a Banker, within Ten Miles of the Place where fuch Draft pr Order (hall be a&ually drawn and iffued, except only fo far as the fame are ex-prefsly charged by the Schedule to this Adi annexed; provided fuch Place (hall be fpecified in fuch Draft or Order, and provided that fuch Draft or Order (hall bear Date on or before the Day on which the fame lhall be ifTued, and provided the fame do not diredfc the Payment to be made by Bills or Promiflbry Notes.

Hh j	XII. And

LjOOQiC

47*

A.D.iBix.

Two Stamp Duties paid tor a Leafe, *here a Rent is relerved and a l ine paid.

What (hall be deemed a Charter Party.

Regulations under A£h for Management of Duty on Cards and Dice repealed, &c.

Cards and Dice to be fealed and ftamped.

Penalty.

Stamp Matters for Cards and Dice appointed in Dublin, Cork and Limerick.

f

C.87.	52*	GEO.	Ill,

XII.	And be it further enaded and declared. That where a Rent fhall be referved in any Leafe, and alfo a Fine paid thereon, fuch Leafe (ball be liable to Two Stamp Duties, one according to the Amount of fuch Rent, and the other according to the Amount of fuch Fine, as the fame are fpecified and fet forth in the Schedule to this A& annexed.

XIII.	And be it further enadled, That any Deed, Inftrumeot, Note, Memorandum, Letter or other Muniment in Writing beween the Captain, Matter or Owner of any Ship or Veflel, and any Mer-chant, Trader or other Perfon in refpedl to the Freight or Conveyance of any Goods, Money, Wares, Merchandize or Effedts, laden or to be laden on board of any Ship or Veflel, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be a Charter Party, within the Meaning of this Adi.

* XIV. And whereas it is expedient that the Management of the

*	Duties on Playing Cards and Dice in Ireland, fhould be transferred

*	from the Care of the Commiflioners of Inland Excifc and Taxes in

*	Ireland9 and fhould be placed under the Care of the Commiflioners of

*	Stamp Duties, and that for that Purpofe the feveral Provifions

*	now in force relating to fuch Duties fhould be repealed, and other € Provifions made in lieu thereof ;* Be it therefore enadled, That fo much of any Adi or Adis of Parliament now in force in Ireland as impofes or creates any Regulation for the Purpofe of fecuring the Colledlion or Management of any Duty on Cards and Dice, (hall, from and after the Commencement of this Adi, ftand and be repealed, fave fo far as any former Adi or Adis of Parliament may be thereby repealed, and fave as to any Proceeding for the Recovery or Enforcement of any Penalty or Forfeiture which fhall have been incurred before the Commencement of this Adi, or for the Punifhment of any Offence which fhall have been committed againft any of the faid Provifions before the faid time ; and fave as to any Regulations refpcdtiag any Countervailing Duty on the Importation into Ireland of Cards or Dice manufadlured in Great Britain.

XV.	And be it further enadled, That no Playing Cards or Dice fhall be fold or expofed to Sale or played with, which fhall not bo duly fealed, marked and Itamped refpedlively according to Law, upon Pain that every Perfon who fhall fell or expofe to Sale, or knowingly play with any fuch Cards or Dice which (hall not be fo fealed, marked or ftamped, fhall forfeit for every fuch Pack of Cards and for every Die fo fold or expofed to Sale or played with, the Sum of Fire Pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiflioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to appoint fit and proper Perfons in the Cities of Dubliny Cork and Limerick refpedlively, who fhall be called Stamp Matters, and fhall have the Cuftody and Keeping 1 of the Marks, Stamps and Seals hereinafter mentioned, and (hall from time to time put fuch Mark or Stamp upon all Dice, and fuch Mark or Seal upon the Paper and Thread enclofing every fuch Pack of Cards, and One of the Cards of each Pack on the painted or fpotted Side thereof, which (hall be duly entered, and for which the Duties then legally payable thereon (hall be duly paid to the proper Officers in the faid Places refpedlively.

XVII. And



Google

473

5a0 GEO. III.	C.87.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiflfoners nilfioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the time being, or any of ^t*n?^0k,. e or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and em- oUette'wliat ^ red to devife, and by Notice m Writing under their Hands to Marks, 8cc.ufed lbliflied in the Dublin Gazette for Three fucceffive Days of Pub- on Wrappers of on, from time to time and as often as to them it (hall feem each °f lient fo to do, to appoint Marks, Stamps or Seals, fuch as they

think fit to be put or impreffed on the Label or Paper to be ied to the Wrapper in which each Pack of Cards (hall be en«

1 or wrapped, and that the faid Label or Paper (hall be fo con-

1 and (hall be fo fattened on the faid Wrapper as that the faid

d Stamps, Marks or Seals (hall appear on the Sides of each Pack

irds, in fuch manner as the faid Commiflioners (hall diredl ; and Stamp Matters

the feveral Stamp Matters refpe&ively (hall number each Label to number each

ithmetical Progreffion under each Mark, Stamp or Seal, to be babel.

hereon in manner aforefaid, fo that the Numbers appearing on

lides of every Pack of Cards when enclofed in the faid Label,

be like or correfponding Numbers: Provided always, that all

5	belonging to each Manufa&urer (hall be numbered in Pro-

on with the following or fucceffive Numbers of the Cards of

Manufacturer, beginning with the Number One, and that every

ip Matter (hall after ever)' Twenty fifth Day of Match, Twenty

h Day of June9 Twenty ninth Day of September and Twenty

Day of December, begin to number the Cards to be (tamped by

for each Manufacturer with Number One.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted, That, from and after the Packs of Cards imencement of this A6t, every Pack of Cards, on the Labels on on which Num-:h any Number (hall be erafed or altered, (hall be deemed and beriserafed or n to be Cards not (lamped or marked, and (hall be forfeited and tcred*

d; and every Perfon who (hall fell or expofe the fame to Sale, be liable to all Penalties to which Perfons by the Laws then in Penalty, g (hall be fubjeCt for felling or expofing to Sale Cards not tped at all.

fIX. And be it further enaCtcd, That if any Perfon or Perfons Counterfeiting

iat any time or times, make, counterfeit or forge, or caufc or Marks, &c,

rureto be made, counterfeited or forged any Mark, Stamp or Seal

efemble any Mark, Stamp or Seal, which in purfuance of this Ad ° ar **

ilbe made and ufed for damping any Label or Paper enclofing any

*ds,or(hall counterfeit or refemble the Impreffion of the fame upon

■ Paper for cnclofing Cards, or (hall erafe ox alter any Number to

put on fuch Paper or Label as aforefaid, with Intent thereby to

raud His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, of the Duties upon

ids, or (hall utter, vend or fell any Cards with the Impreffion

fuch Counterfeit Mark, Stamp or Seal on the Paper or Label

doling fuch Cards, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, of

all utter, vend or fell any Cards on the Paper or Label enclofing

hichany Number (hall be erafed or altered, knowing the fame

» be erafed or altered, or (hall fraudulently ufe any Stamp or Seal

i be ufed in purfuance of this A6t, thereby to defraud His Majetty,

B Heirs or SuccefTors, of any of the Duties upon Cards, then every »ch Perfon fo offending and being thereof convi&ed (hall be adjudged Felon, and be tranfported for feven Years.	Tranfportation.

XX. And, for preventing any Miftake or Fraud in (lamping or Dittribuiors of ■arking any Cards or Dice not duly entered, or for which the Dutief



474

A.D.1812.

C.87.

52° GEO. m.

of Dice and Packs of Cards for which Duly paid, and enter Certificates in a Book, Sec.

Neglecting to mark, See,

Number contained in Certificate.

Penalty.

Commiffioners for Stamps may change Marks or Stamps for Cards;

by Law payable thereon fhall not have been duly raid, be it further ena&ed, That the Diflributors of Stamps in the faid Cities of Cork and Limerick refpe&ively, and fuch Officer or Perfon as fhall be appointed for that Purpofe in Dublin, by the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, fhall, upon Requell of the Perfon or Perfons who fhall duly enter any Cards or Dice, and pay the Duties then by Law payable thereon, certify in Writing the Number of Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards which fhall have been fo entered, and for which the faid Duties fhall have been fo paid, and alfo the Names and Places of Abode of fuch Perfons who fhall have made fuch Entries and paid the faid Duties upon the Delivery of which faid Certificate to the Perfou who for the time being fhall be appointed to keep the faid Mark, Stamp or Seal, the faid Perfon fo appointed fhall enter the faid Certificate in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpofe, and afterwards with all convenient Speed fhall mark, (lamp or feal, fuch and fo many Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards as (hall be mentioned to be contained in fuch Certificate ; and the Perfon fo marking, damping or fealing the fame, is hereby requited to enter under the laid Certificate in the faid Book to be kept for that Purpofe, the Number of the Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards which he fhall fo mark, damp or feal, purfuant to the faid Certificate, with the Days and Times of his fo marking, damping and fealing the fame, till the full Number of Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards, which (hall be contained is Lch Certificate, fhall be duly marked, damped and fealed, which faid Book at the End of every Year, or oftener if required by the Com-miffioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, or by any Three or more of them, fhall be returned to the faid Commiffioners to be examined by them, or any other Perfon or Perfons to be appointed by them, or any Three or more of them, to examiae the fame.

XXI.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon appointed as aforefaid to mark, damp or feal fuch Cards or Dice, fhall wilfully negleft or refufe to mark, damp or feal the Number of Pairs of Dice or Packs of Cards contained in fuch Certificate, then the Perfou (d negle&ing or refufing, fhall forfeit for every fuch Default the Sum of Five rounds : Provided always, that no Perfon fhall be obliged to mark, damp or feal any Dice or Cards but Three Times in every Week ; that is to fay, on Tuefday, Tbur/day and Saturday in every Week, and between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Twelve at Noon, and between the Hours of Two and Four in the Afternoon, on the faid Days.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That as often as the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, fhall think fit to alter, change or renew the Marks or Stamps for Cards, and the Paper enclofing the fame, or any of them, it (hall and may be lawful for all Perfons who fhall at fuch refpe&ive times have in their Cuilody or PofTeffion any Cards and Papers enclofing Packs of Cards marked with the Stamp or Stamps fo intended to be altered, changed or renewed, at any time within the Space of Two Months after fuch Intention of renewing, changing or altering fuch Stamps or Marks fhall have been fo publifhed 111 the Dublin Gazette for Three fuc-ceffive Days of Publication, to fell or expofe to Sale fuch Cards marked with the Stamp or Stamps fo intended to be altered, changed and renewed, and no longer.

XXIII. PrO-



Google

47*

520 GEO. III.	C.87.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if any Cards marked with the old Stamps (hall remain upon hand and unfold, it (hall be lawful for any Card Maker or Shopkeeper, or Retailer of Cards, at any time within the faid Two Months, to bring or fend fuch Cards and Papers, incloling Packs of Cards, with the old Stamps to the refpettive Matters, or to fuch Officer or Officers as fhall be appointed in that Behalf by the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, at their refpe&ive Offices in the Cities of Dublin, Cork and Limerich; and the faid St?mp Matters aud Officers re-fpe&ively are hereby required to mark with the new Stamps fuch Cards fo brought in, and fo many Papers enclofing Packs of Cards, as (hall be equal in Number to the Papers fo brought in, fuch new Stamps to be imprefTed, and given in lieu of the old, free and exempt from the Payment of any Duty or Fee whatfoever for the fame: Provided alfo, that if after the laid Two Months any Cards with fuch old Stamps (hall be found in the Potteffion of any Card Maker, Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards, the fame (hall be forfeited ; and it (hall be lawful to and for any Peron duly authorized for that Purpofe, under Hand and Seal bv the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, to feize and carry away the fame; and the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Potteffion the fame (hall be found (hall be liable and fubjedt to all fuch Penalties and Forfeitures as he, (he or they would be Cable to if the faid Cards or Papers containing Packs o( Cards never had been damped.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any Pack or Packs of Flaying Cards (hall be found in the Houfe, Shop, Room or Place of any Card Maker, Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards, without being marked, fealed or damped, as (hall be then by Law required, the fame (hall be adjudged forfeited, and may be feized and carried away by any Perfon duly authorized for that Purpofe, under Hand and Seal by the (aid Commiffioners, or any Three of them ; and the Card Maker, Shcmkeeper or Retailer of Cards in whofe Potteffion fuch Pack or Packs of Cards (hall be found, (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Founds.

XXV.	And be it further enaAed, That every undamped Parcel of Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards enclofed in a Paper Cover or Paper Covers, which (hall be expofed to Sale by, or found in the Shop of any Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards, (hall to all Intents and Purpofes be conttrued and taken to be a whole Pack of Playing Cards, within the true Intent and Meaning of this A& ; and fuch Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty. Pounds.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon (hall fell or txpofe to Sale any Playing Cards which have been fold, opened or played with, every Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That all Cards exceeding in Quantity Two Packs, which (hall hereafter be found in any Houfe, Outhoule, Warehoufe or elfewhere, in the Potteffion of any Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards, (hall be deemed and confidered as Cards expofed to Sale within the true Intent and Meaning of this A£k, whereby Card Makers, Shopkeepers and Retailers of Cards are fubje& to Forfeitures and Penalties for felling or expottng to Sale, Painted,

Spotted



and thofe remaining on hand taken to Place appointed, to get new Stamp put

Provifc.

Penalty.

Cards not duty (lamped, forfeited, and Perfon in whofe Pofleflion found.

Penalty.

Undamped Parcels of Playing Cards deemed a Pack. Penalty.

Selling Cards played with. Penalty.

Cards exceeding’ in Quantity Two Packs deemed an ex* poling to Sale.

47<S

Cards found In PolFe (fi on of Hawkers. Penalty.

No Cards deem. edWafte unlefs Corner be cut off.

Penalty,

No Perfon (hall nuke Cards or Dice but in Dublin, Cork and Limerick.

Penalty.

Card Makers been fed.

Carrying on Trade without Licence.

Penalty.

9

No Perfon licemed without entering into a Bond with luffi-fiern Sureties.

C.87.	52* GEO. III.	A.D.iSn.

Spotted and Playing Cards, not (lamped, marked or made up in manner and form as required.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded. That all Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards, which (hall be found in the PofTeflion of any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other trading Perfon, travelling from Place to Place, (hall be forfeited ; and it (hall and mav be lawful to and for any Diftributor of Stamps or other Perfon or Perfons thereto duly authorized under Hand and Seal by the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, to feize fuch Cards, and to lodge the fame in fuch Place as (hall be appointed for that Purpofe, by the (aid Commiflioners of Stamp Duties for the time being.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That no Cards (hall be deemed Wade Cards unlefs a Corner of every fuch Card (hall be cut off, acd unlefs the fame be fold or expofed to Sale in Parcels without being enclofed in any Paper Cover whatfoever ; and if any Card Maker, Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards, (hall fell or expofe to Sale as Wade Cards any Cards enclofed in Paper Covers, or not cut in the manner aforefaid, he, (he or they fo offending (hall be liable to the Penalties, and incur ail the Forfeitures infli&ed for felling or expofing to Sale Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards without Stamps.

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon or Perfons (hall fet up or exercife the Employment of making Cards or Dice, or (hall make or caufe to be made any Cards or Dice in any Town or Place in Ireland, but in the Cities of Dublin, Cork and Limerick, or the refpe&ive Liberties thereof; and that every Perfon or Perfons who (hall fet up or exercife the Employment of making Cards or Dice, or (hall make or caufe to be made Cards or Dice in any other Part of Ireland, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiflioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, or any Three of them, to grant Licences to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall think proper for the making of Playing, Blank and Meflage Cards for any Term not exceeding Three Years from the time of granting fuch Licences; and if any Perlon or Perfons (hall exercife or carry on the Trade or Employment of making any Playing, Blank or Meflage Cards without fuch Licence or Licences firft had and obtained, the Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall, for any fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of 0 hundred Pounds, together with all fuch Cards and all fuch Material* and Implements ufed in the making of Cards, as (hall be found in his, her or their Pofleflion, all which Cards, Materials and Implement', (hall and may be feized, carried away and lodged in fuch Place as (hall be appointed by the faid Commiflioners of Stamp Duties for that Purpofe, by any Diftributor of Stamps or other Perfon duly authorized thereto, under Hand and Seal by the faid Commiflioners, or any Three of them.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon (hall be fo licenfed unlefs he, (he or they (hall with One or more fufiicient Surety or Sureties have executed a Bond to His Majesty in the penal Sum of Two hundred Pounds conditioned that the Perfon or Perfons fo licenfed, their Executors or Adminiftrators, (hall anfwer and pay to His Majesty, all fuch Duties as fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be liable to on account of making any Playing, Blank or Meflage Cards during

1



477

i8i2,	52rGEO.IIL	C.87.

ne fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall carry on the Bufinefs of a Card r under fuch Licence.

.XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it (hall be 1 for the Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of upon Default made in the Payment of any fuch Duty or Duties h Perfon or Perfons folicenfedas aforefaid lhall or may be liable upon Convi&ion of any Fraud or Offence the Penalty or For-i for which lhall amount to Ten Pounds, by Notice or Inftru-in Writing fubfcribed by them, or any Three of them, to revoke, raw and utterly make void any fuch Licence to fuch Perfon or is fo making Default or convicted as aforefaid; and if fuch 1 or Perfons after fuch Revocation lhall continue to exercife the or carry on the Bufinefs of Card-making, he, Ihe or they, >e fubje& to fuch Penalties and forfeitures as if fuch Licence ences had never been granted.

!XIV. And be it further ena&ed, That every Card Maker t the time of entering and paying the Duties on any Number :ks of Cards make Oath, or if a Quaker, folemnly affirm, before iftributor or other proper Officer with whom fuch Entry lhall de, in the Words following ; to wit,

B. do fwear, (or, if a Quaker, do affirm) That the Number f Packs of Cards now entered by me, is the full Amount of Quantity of fainted, Spotted and Playing Cards manufactured nc, or for my Ufe, from the	Day	of

be time of this my prefent Entry, except	Packs

le up by me for Exportation, which are now lodged in His efty’s Stores, or have been exported (as the cafe may be.)* h Oath or Affirmation fuch Dillributor or other proper Officer eby authorized and required to adminifter.

[XV. And be it further enaCted, That every Maker of Cards )ice who lhall endeavour to defraud His Maielly by any Con-ent or undue Entry, lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the of Twenty Pounds.

CXVI. And be it further enaCted, That every Card Maker lhall make any Cards, his Foreman, Head-Servant or Perfon )yed to attend fuch Bufinefs from time to time, and as often as Card Makei or other Perfon employed as aforefaid lhall be re-d by the Officer or Officers appointed to view and take an Ac-t of the fame, (hall Ihew to fuch Officer or Officers all the Stock on hand of Cards, and all Materials for making the fame belong-:o fuch Card Maker or Card Makers, under the Penalty of Ten ids, in cafe of Refufal to be forfeited by fuch Card Maker or 1 Makers, and of Five Pounds to be forfeited by the Foreman, d-Servantor other Perfon employed, fo refuting as aforefaid; and m Default of the Payment of the faid Sum of Five Pounds, fuch Jman, Head-Servant or other Perfon fo employed lhall fuffer Month's Imprifonment; and that in cafe fuch Officer or Officers afterwards find any Cards or Materials for making Cards of the :k then on hand, over and above the Quantity fo fnewn as afore-t fuch Cards and Materials lhall be forfeited, and it lhall and may bwful for fuch Officer or Officers to feize and carry away the t; and fuch Card Maker or Card Makers lhall refpe&ively forfeit tun at the Rate of Twenty Pounds for every Twelve Dozen of 5	Sheet*



Licence revoked ou Default.

Penalty.

Card Makers t« take

Oath.

Concealment or undue Entry. Penalty.

Card Maker to (hew Officer, all Stock oa hand.

Penalties.

A.D. 1812.

Officers to take

Account of Cards and Materials for making them in PofTeflion of Card Makers.

In cafe of Defi-tiency no Entry allowed til) Caid Maker has accounted for it* Penalty.

Forfeitures lodged in fuch Place as Com-miflioners of Stamps (hall appoint.

Cards for Exportation deported in fome of His Majesty's Warehouies;

and not to be re-moved without Per mi [Eon.

Penalty.

C.87.	52®	GEO.	III.

Sheets of Paper Materials for Card-making which (hall be found over and above the Quantity that (hall have been (hewn as aforefaid.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, or any Three of them, to appoint fuch Officer or Officers, as they (hall think proper, to keep an Account of all Cards and Materials for making Cards, which (hall from time to time be found by him or them in the Poffeffion of any Card Maker or Card Makers, and upon any Decreafe or Deficiency of fuch Stuck of Cards and Materials not properly accounted for, to charge fuch Card Maker or Card Makers with all Duties payable for fuch Cards not accounted for, and alfo with the Amount of the Duties on fo many Cards as might be made from or with fuch Materials not accounted for as aforefaid ; the faid Duties to be paid by fuch Card Maker or Card Makers upon Oath made by fuch Officer or Officers as atore-faid, before fuch Officer as (hall be appointed for that Purpofe by tbe faid Commiflioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, in

and before the Diftributor of Stamps in Cork and Limerick respectively, afeertaining the Quantity fo dcficieut and brought to Charge, which Oath the faid Officers respectively are hereby empowered and required to adminifter.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaCted, That if any fuch Officer or Diftributor or any Stamp Matter of Cards, after Proof made of fuch Deficiency, (hall allow any Entry to be made by, or (hall ltamp any Cards of or belonging to fuch Card Maker or Card Makers before he, (he or they (hall have anfwered or paid all Charges made on accoaot of fuch Decreafe or Deficiency, that in every fuch cafe fuch Officer, Diftributor or Stamp Mailer (hall refpe&ively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes where a Forfeiture of Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards, or of Utenfils or Materials for making Cards, (hall be incurred by virtue of any Aft, now of force, or which ihall be hereafter enafted, it (hall be lawful for the Officer or Officers who (hall detect the Fraud or Offence for which fuch Cards, Utenfils or Materials (hall become forfeited, to feize and attach and carry away all fuch Cards, and the fame to lodge in fuch Place as (hall be appointed for that Purpofe by the faid Commiflioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, there to be detained and kept until difpofed of by due Courfe of Law.

XL. And be it further cna£ted,That as often as any Card Maker or Card Makers (hall make up Cards intended for Exportation, he, (he or they (hall within One Hour after the fame are made up, give Notice thereof to the Stamp Matter of the Place where fuch Cards (hall be made up, and (hall in the Prefence of the faid Stamp Matter, depofit fuch Cards in fome of His Majesty’s Storehoufes, at the Place where fuch Cards (hall be fo made up, the faid Cards there to remaiu until a Certificate from the Collector of the Port (hall be produced to the faid Stamp Matter, which Certificate (hall exprefs or import that all legal Requifites relative to fuch Cards have been performed.

XL I. And be it further enafted, That if fuch Card Maker or Card Makers (hall at any time remove fuch Cards fo depofited as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, or (hall fuffer the fame to be removed without Permiflion of the Storekeeper or Surveyor of His Majesty’s Stores firft had and obtained, he, (he or they (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XLII. And

CjOOQlC

A.D. iSi2.

47*

52* GEO. III.	C.87.

XLII. And be it further ena&ed, That all Powers, Provifions, Articles, Claufes, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in an A& made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A8 for granting to His Mujejly feveral Duties therein men-tiaaedt to be levied by the Commijfioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and ia all and every or any other Ad or Ads for the granting of Stamp Duties, or for the amending of the Laws for regulating the Stamp Duties iu Ireland, fliall be of Force and Effed, and fnall be applied and put in Execution for the raifmg, levying, paying, collecting, enforcing and fecuring the Duties and Allowances by this Ad granted and made payable, and for the recovering and levying of all Penalties and Forfeitures inflided by this Ad, as fully and effe&ually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been hereby rc-enaded with relation to the Duties and Allowances by this Ad granted and made payable, except only fo far as any of fuch Powers, Provifions, Articles, Claufes, Penalties and Forfeitures in the hid Ads, or any or either of them contained, are or (hall be exprefsly altered or repealed or otherwife provided for by this Ad, or by any other Ad or Ads now in force or hereafter to be made, or which nay have been or (hall be palled in this prefent Selfion of Parliament, for the better Colledion aud Management of the Stamp Duties in Ireland or any of them.

XLII I. And be it further’enaded. That this Ad and the Duties hereby granted, fhall commence and take Effed from the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the palling thereof, and (hall be ia force from that time forward, and not fooner.

Powers of

43 G. 3. c. 11. Ac. relating to Stamps in Ireland extended C# this Ad.

Commencement, of Adi.

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

For and upon evety Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which (hall be engrofled, written or printed any of the following Articles or any Part thereof, except as otherwife particularly provided, the refpedive Duties following ; that is to fay.

ARTICLES.

I. Patents, Grants and Admissions, of or to Dignities, Offices, Benefits or Degrees, and Exemplifications, and Certificates thereof.

Duty.

* s. d.

Any Grant or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchife, Liberty or Privilege, to any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Exemplification of the fame not hereby charged with a fpecific Duty (Commilfions of Rebellion in Procefsalways excepted) -Any Patent for an Archbilhoprick <

Any Patent for a Dukedom	-	•

Any Patent for a Marquifate	-

Any Patent for an Earldom	-

Any Patent for a VifcouBt	•	•

20	0	0
YOO	0	0
200	0	0
200	0	0
200	0	0
I50	0	0

Any

(^.ooQle

C.87. 520 GEO. III.	AD-rtu
SCHEDULE (A.)	Duty.
Patents, Grants, &c.—continued\	£. x.1
Any Patent for a Bifhop rick -	50 0
Any Patent for a Barony •	100 0
Any Patent for a Baronetage -Any Prefentation or Donation which (hall pafs the Great Seal of Ireland, or any Collation by any Archbirtiop or Bifhop, or any Prefentation or Donation to be made by any Patron whatfoever, of or to any Benefice, Dignity or Spiritual or Ecclefiaftical Promotion whatfoever, of the yearly Value of One	50 0
hundred Pounds -  And for every One hundred Pounds of the yearly Value thereof, exceeding thefirft One hundred Pounds a Year,	s0
a further Duty of -  The Value to be afeertained by Certificate of the Archbifhop, Bi(hop or Vicar General of the Diocefe; provided always, that Two or more Benefices epifcopally united (hall be deemed One Benefice only.  Any Inftitution that (hall pafs the Seal of any Archbifhop, Bifhop, Chancellor or other Ordinary, or of any Ecclefiaftical Court; provided that an Inftitution to Two or more Benefices epifcopally united (hall be confidered as an Inftitution to a	51
fingle Benefice -  Collation by an Archbifhop or Bifhop to be confidered as equivalent to Prefentation and Inftitution, and fubje& to the Two Duties accordingly. Any Difpenfation to hold Two Ecclefiaftical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other	s <
Difpenfation or Faculty, from the Lord Archbifhop of Armagh, or Mafter of the Faculties for the time being  Any Grant from His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, which fhall pafs the Great Seal of Ireland, out of the Civil Lift, or out of any other Fund, not being Part of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament,  Of any definite and certain Sum or Sums of Money,	25 0
Not amounting to iool. -	1 10
Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 250I.	4 0
Amounting to 250I. and not amounting to 500I.	10 0.
Amounting to 500I. and not amounting to 750I.	20 O'
Amounting to 750I. and not amounting to\ 1 ,oooI.	30 o:
Amounting to i,oool. or upwards, for every iool. thereof	5 °,
Any Grant from His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, of any Annuity or Penfion not amounting to One hundred Pounds	1 10,
per Annum - -  Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 200I. per	
Annum -	4 a.
Amounting to 200I. and not amounting to 4C0I. per	
Annum -  Amounting to 400L ai d net amounting to Cool, per	10 ft
Annum • *	20 0  fac

(^.ooQle

A.D.1812.

52 GEO. in.

C. 87.

481

SCHEDULE (A.)	Duty.
Patents, Grants, &c.—continued.  Amounting to fool, and not amounting to 800I. per Annum -  Amounting to 800I. and not amounting to 1 ,oool. per	u  0  O  O
Annum - - - -Amounting to i,oool. or upwards  But where any fuch Grant of Annuity or Penfion (hall be made in Confirmation, or by way of Renewal only, of any former Grant of the like Amount and	40 O O  50 O O
Description, then only a Duty of -  And where feveral and diltin& Annuities or Pen-fions fhall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Perfons by the fame Inflrument, the proper Duty (hall be charged in refpeft of each Annuity or Penfion ; but, where the Grant (hall be of any Annuity or Penfion to or for the Benefit of Two or more Perfons jointly, the Duty (hall be charged in refpeA of the whole.	I 10 O
Any Grant or Appointment by His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by any other Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate in Ireland, of or to any Office or Employment, by Letters Patent, Deed or other Writing, Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining thereto fhall not amount to 50I. per Annum And where the fame fhall.amount to 50I. and not amount	I 10 0
to 100I. per Annum -And where the fame (hall amount to iool. and not amount	0  0
to 200I. per Annum ... And where the fame (hall amount to 200I. and not amount	vn  O  O
to 300I. per Annum -And where the fame (hall amount to 300I. and not amount	IO O O
to 500I. per Annum -And where the fame fhall amount to 500I. and not amount	20 O O
to 7 50L per Annum -And where the fame (hall amount to 750I. and not amount	30 O O
to i,oool. per Annum -And where the fame (hall amount to i,oool. and not	40 O O
amount to 1,5001. per Annum - -And where the fame (hall amount to 1,5001. and not	0  O  O
amount to 2 pool. per Annum -And where the fame (hall amount to 2,oool. and not	-4  VA  O  O
amount to 3pool, per Annum And where the fame (hall amount to 3,oool. per Annum	100 0 0
or upwards -  The faid Fees and Emoluments to be eftimated according to the average Amount thereof for .r. Three Years preceding where pra&icable ; and	150 O O
	Patents,
CjOO^Ic	**

Patents, Grants, &c. — continued.

in other cafes according to the bed Information that can be obtained.

And where any fuch Grant or Appointment (hall be made to or of Two or more Perfon* jointly, with feparate and diftinft Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, the fame (hall be charged with a feparate and diftinA Duty in refpe£l of each Perfon, according to the Amount of the Salaries, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to each Perfon.

Provided always, that no Duty (hall be charged in refpeft of any Perfon to whom any Office or Employment (hall be granted anew, upon the Revocation of any former Grant or Appointment, and who (hall have paid a Stamp Duty on any former Grant or Appointment, unlcfs the Salaries, Fees and Emoluments, appertaining to fuch Perfon, (hall be in any Manner augmented ; and, in that cafe, a Duty (hall be charged in refpeft of fuch Perfon, only in Proportion to the Amount of the Augmentation.

Provided alfo, that no Duty (hall be charged upon or in refpeft of more than One Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment on which any of the foregoing Grants may be engrofTed, printed or written.

Any Grant of Efcheatorfliip	-

Any Grant of any Land in Fee, Leafe for Years, or other Grant or Profit not herein particularly charged, that (hall pafs the Seal of the Exchequer (Cuftodiam Leafes excepted)

Any Pardon or Remiflion, except Pardons paffed in forma pauperis, of or for any Crime or Offence, or of any Money or Forfeiture whatfoever, exceeding the Sum of 50I.

Any Admifiion of any Fellow of the College of Phyficians or Surgeons	-

Any Admifiion of any Student into the Society of King’s Inns Any Admifiion of any Barriller into the Inns of Court Any Admifiion of any Advocate, Pro&or, Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk or other Officer or Officers in any Court whatfoever 5 except any Officer in any inferior Court whofe Office is under the Value of 10I. a Year in Salary, Fees and other Per-quifites 5 and except any annual Officer m any Corporation Any Certificate to be taken out by any Attorney or Solicitor, Proftor, Agent, or Procurator, of his Admifiion, Enrolment or Rcgiftty, in any of His Majesty’s Courts in Dublin, or in any Eccleuaftical Court, or in any Court of Admiralty in Ireland, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where Debt or Damage doth amount to 40 s. or more.

If fuch Attorney or Solicitor, Pro&or, Agent or Procurator, has not been admitted for Three Years, yearly -

£ 1.

20 0

3	0

4	0

TO 0

20 0 20 0

20 0

I 0 0 Iadeotoit



A.D. i8i2.

52* GEO. Ill

C.87.

483

SCHEDULE (A.)

Duty.

Patent!, Grants, 5cc. — continued.

If fuch Attorney or Solicitor, Pro&or, Agent or Procurator, has been admitted for Three years or more, yearly

Any Appointment or Deputation of any Perfon to be a Senefcnal or Steward of a Manor Court Any Entry, Minute or Memorandum of the AdmiflSon of

only)

pe&

Birth, Apprenticefhip or Marriage, entered or made in the Court Book, Roll or Record of any fuch Corporation, Guild or Company	-	-	-

Any Entry, Minute or Memorandum; of the AdmifOon of any other Perfon into any Corporation, Guild or Company (except a Corporation or Company for the Dire&ion of any Charitable Inuitution only)	-	•

It. Indentures, Bonds and other Deeds and Instru-mints, and Exemplifications, Inrolments, Memorials or Registries thereof.

On the Firft Skin of any Indenture, Leafe, Releafe, Deed or Inftrnroent, not otherwife charged (except Indentures of Apprenticefhip where no Apprentice fee fhall be given, or, if any be given, where fuch Apprentice fee fhall not exceed the Sum of 10I.) for the Firft Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, therein

For every other Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein Any Indenture or other Deed, and every Article or Con-trad, whereby any Perfon fhall become bound to ferve as an Apprentice or Clerk to an Attorney, or Solicitor, in order to hit Admiffion as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majeffcy’s Courts in Ireland, on each Part of fuch Indentures, Deeds, Articles or Contra6ts	-	-

Any Indenture or other Deed for binding an Apprentice to a Notary Publick, in order to his becoming a Notary Publick, on each Part of fuch Indentures	-

Any other Indenture of Apprenticefhip, where the Sum or Value given, paid or contraftai or agreed for, with or in relation to fuch Apprentice, fhall exceed 10I. and fhall not exceed 201.	-

Where fuch Sum or Value fhall exceed sol. and fhall not exceed 50I.	-

50	*	-	100

100

J2 Gio. Ill,

200

300

400

Ii

200

300

400

500

? u



Google

£ 1. d.

300 3	0	0

o 10 o

loo

o 10 o

050

O' o

500

050

o 10 o 100 2 0 0

3 00 6 00 5 a o Anjl

SCHEDULE (A.)

Indentures, 8cc.~conttnued.

And wherfc fuch Sum or Value fliall exceed the Sum pf 500I. for every iool. of fnch Excels, a Duty of The Firft Skin, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, in any Indenture of Leafe, Releafe, or Deed, Minute* Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article for fettling or demiting Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Ireland, for any Term not exceeding Three Lives, or Thirty one Years, whether with or without a Ctaufc or Covenant for the Renewal thereof 5 (except Leafes made by any Matter in Chancery, or Officer of the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, under the Orders of the faid Courts refpe&ively \ and except Leafes by Elegk Creditors, and alfo Leafes of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments ejected for Non Payment of Rent, and ftill redeemable, to as filch Leafes (ha.ll not exceed the Period during which the fame (hall continue redeemable, refpe&ively ).

Where the annual Amount of the Rent referred, or agreed to be referred, (any Penal Rent, or any Increafe of referred Rent in the Nature of a Penal Rent, not being included in fuch Amount,) (hall not exceed 10I. and the Fine or Confideration for the fame (hall not exceed iool.

Where the annual Amount

of fuch Rent

of fuch Fine or Confideration

(hall exceed				  af»d fliall riot exceed!			1 ^  (hall exceed			and fliall not exceed <  <			■	
£	/.	d.	£	J.	d.	£	/•	d.	£	/.	d.		
10	0	O	20	O	0	too	0	0	1*0	O	0	•	10
20	0	0	5*	0	0	150	0	0	200	O	0	0 15	
5°	6	0	100	O	0	250	0	0	*60	O	0	1	0^
100	0	O	1*0	0	0	500	0	0	750	0	0	1	10
150	O	O	200	0	0	7*0	0	0	1 iOO0	0	0	2	0
200	O	O	2*0	0	0	1,000	0	0	1.450	0	0	2	V*
250	O	O	300	0	0	l,i*0	0	6	1.500	0	6	3	0^
300	O	0	35c*	t>	0 1	l,*0O'	0	b	1,750	0	0	3	10|
350	0	O	400	0	o'	i>75°	0	0	2,000	0	b	4	°1

And where the annual Amount of fuch Rent, referred or agreed to be referred, (hall exceed the Sura of 400I. or fuch Fine, or Confideration fhaM exceed the Sum of

2,oool.	then for every 1 col. of the whole Amount of; fuch Rent* and for every 500I. of fuch Fine or Confideration, a Duty of	-	-

Every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in any fuch In4enture* Leafe, Releafe or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or Legal or Equitable Article, after the.Firtt Skin or Sheet ^	.

. The Firft Skin or Piece of Veljum, .Parchment Or Paper, ip any Jndenturf, Leafe, Releafe or Deed, Minute, Memo-

i v



Google

Indentures, See. — continued.

random or legal or equitable Article, for fetting or demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Ireland, for any Term exceeding Three Lives, or Thirty one Years, (hall be fubjeft to a Duty equal in the Whole to Double the Amount of the foregoing Duties on the Firft Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper in any Indenture, Leafe, Releafe or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article refpe&ively;

And, in cafe fuch Indenture, Leafe, Releafe, Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article, (hall be executed by the Lefior or LefTors therein, or any of them, by virtue of any Letter of Attorney for that Puroofe, then for every 51. of the annual Amount of fuch Kent, referved or agreed to be referred, and for every 25I. of Fine or Confideration, a further Duty, in all cafes, on the Firft Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, in any of fuch Inftruments, of -The Firft Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, in any Indenture, Leafe, Releafe, Deed or Inftrument, for de-miGng Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Ireland, executed by any Mafter in Chancery, or Officer of the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, or executed by my Elegit Creditor, or any Leafe of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, under Evi6tion for Non Payment of Rent and redeemable where fuch Leafe (hall not exceed the Period during which the fame (hall continue to be redeemable ;

Where fuch Rent (hall not exceed 200I. by the Year, or that Rate for any Portion of a Year Where fuch Rent (hall exceed the Rate of 200I. by the Year, and (hall not exceed the Rate of 400I. by the Year

Where fuch Rent (hall exceed the Rate of 400I. by the Year, then for every iool. of the Yearly Rate of fuch Rent	-

Every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet k or Piece of Paper, in any fuch Indenture, Leafe, Re leafe or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or Legal or Equitable Article, after the Firft Skin or Sheet < -Any Letter of Attorney, empowering any Pcrfon to receive n ? x 1	1	. iters of Attorney to receive Rents

to execute any Leafe or Leafes of La^ids ill Ireland, on the Part arid Behalf of any Leffor or LcfTee ;

Where the Annual Amount of the Rent referved or to be referved, in fuch Leafe or Leafes (any penal Rent, or any Increase of referved Rent in the Nature of a penal Rent not being included in fuch Amount), (hall not exceed 51.'and the Fine or Confideration for the lame (hall not exceed 20I.

£ t. d.

0X0

0	TO O

1	O O

o 10 o

empowering iany Perfon or Perfons

5 0 0

I i 2



a o o And

Indentures, &c —continued'.

And where the Amount of fuch Rent (hall exceed the Sum of 5I. or fuch Fine or Confideration (hall exceed theSumofiol.	-

Any fuch Letter of Attorney, not fpecifying the Amount of the Rent and Fine to be referved or received on fucli Le3fe	-

Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Perfon or Perfons to execute any Deed or Deeds of Conveyance of Lands or. Tenements in Ireland, where the Confideration for fuch Conveyance (hall not exceed iool.

And where the Amount of fuch Confideration (hall exceed iool. or where the Amount of fuch Confideration (hall not be exprefTed in fuch Letter of Attorney Any Recognizance conditioned for the Payment of Money or Performance of Covenants or Agreements, and any Statute Staple or Statute Merchant, and Entry of Record in any Court or Office not herein otherwife charged, except Recognizances taken before any Juilice or Jufticcs of the Pe«ice, ana Recognizances on an Appeal from any Decree or Difmifs made or pronounced by any Afliftant Barrifier in their refpedtive Counties, or by the Chairman of Kilmainham, or by the Recorder of the City of Dublin	-

Any Contra#, Bond or other Obligatory Inftrument, conditioned for the Payment of any Principal Sum not otherwife particularly charged, not exceeding iool.	•	-

Where fuch Principal Sum

(hall exceed	iool. and (hall not exceed 3001.

-	300I.	-	5001.

-	5001.	-	1,0001.

1.0001.	-	2,cool.

2.0001.	-	3,oool.

-	3,ocol.	-	5,0001.

Where fuch Principal Sum (hall exceed 5 000I.

Any Bond commonly called a Mortgage or Annuity Bond,

J or Bond given as a collateral Security for or in refpc# of any I Mortgage or Annuity	-

Any Bond given purfuant to the Directions of any A# of Parliament, or by the Dire#ion of the Cothmilfiouers of i\xt Cullotns and Port Duties, or Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any of their Officer, for or in refpe# of any of the Duties of Cuftoms or Excife or Taxes, or for preventing Frauds or Evafion tlw icof, or for any other Matter or Thing relating thereto	-	-

Any 6ther Bond uot being for the Payment of any Priu-j cipal Sum, or not herein otherwife chargca | ^ The Firft Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper,

| in any Deed or other luflrument for the Security, by way j of Mortgage, of any Sum of Money on any Eftate or Property j whatfoever in Ireland, which (hall be executed by the M<>rt~

£ /.	</.
0  0	0
0  0  M	0
2 O	0
10 0	0

050

050

0	10 0 200

1	10 o 200 300 400 5 a 0

050



Google

O LO O

o 10 o

s*g°r

Indentures, &c. — continued.

>r or Mortgagors, or any of them, and ia any Deed, cle or Inftrument, for the Sale, Settlement or Conveyance of any Eftate or Property whatsoever m Ireland, whether Real or Perfonal, and of wnatever Tenure or Defcription, which (hall be executed by the Grantor or Grantors, or any of them, (except Affignments of Judgments which are to pay Duty only as Deeds, not particularly charged)

Where the Amount of Money fo Secured on fuch Eftate or Property, Or the Confideration bona fide paid or agreed to be paid for fuch Sale* Settlement or Convey, ancc, (hall not exceed took Where the Amount of fuch Money /hall exceed tool. and (hall not exceed 300I. -	3001.	-	5	001

500I.	-	i,oool.

iiOool.	-	2,0001.

2.0001.	-	3,0001.

3.0001.	-	4,0001.

4.0001.	-	5,oool.

5.0001.	-	io,oooL

xo,oool.	-	15,0001.

15,000!.	-	20,0001.

Where the Amount of fuch Money (hall exceed 2o,oool.

Every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in fuch Part of fuch Mortgage or Deed, Article or Inftrument, for Sale, Settlement or Conveyance, after the Firft Any Award under Hand and Seal, or under Hand only, made in Ireland, and whether the fame (hall or (hall not be enrolled of Record in, or made a Rule of, any Court Any Inftrument made in Ireland, not under Seal, whether the fame (hall contain an actual Contract, or (hall be the Evidence only of a ContraA, where the Matter thereof (hall be of the Value of 20I. or upwards Any Exemplification, of what Nature foerer, that (hall pafs the Seal of any Court, not hereby otherwife charged Any Conveyance or Surrender of any Grant or Grants, or Office or Offices, Releafe or other Deed whatfoever (except Indentures of Attornies* Apprentices and Affignments thereof, and Affignments of Judgments), which (hall be enrolled of Record in any of the Courts of the City of Dublin, or in any Court of Record whatfoever, over and above all other Duties Any Memorial of any Deed, Conveyance, Will or Devife, which (ball be regiftcred in the Public Office for regiftering foch Memorials, or (hall he entered in any of the Court6 of Record in Ireland (except Memorials of Demifes, and except Memorials of Affignmeot&of Judgments)

Any Memorial of any Demife, or of any Agreement to dmife	-	‘	.

I i 3



< 1.

o 15 o

1 O

1	IO

2	O 2 IO

4 °

6

8

xo

12

20

050 o IO o

0100 o 15 o

100

o 10 o

o 26 Any

Indentures, kc.—continued.

Any Memorial of the Affignment of any Judgment,

Where the Penalty of fuch Judgment fo affigned (hall not exceed iool.	-	-

And where the Penalty of fuch Judgment fo affigned fhali exceed iool.	-	-	-

Any attefted Extra& or attefted Copy, or any Certificate of any Memorial from the Office for the feegiflry of Deeds

III. Writs, Processes or other Proceedings, Commissions, Pleadings, Judgments, Appeals and Executions in Suits or . Actions at Law or in Equity.

Any Writ of Covenant for levying a Fine Any Writ of Entry for fuffering a Common Recovery Any Petition in any of the fuperior Courts of Law or Equity, or in the Prerogative Court, or Confillorial Court of Dublin -Any Order, or Fiat for Order, made on any fuch Petition -Any Letters of Guardianfhip under the Great Seal of Ireland	-

Any Commiffion, or Writ of Dedimus Proteftatem, to take Anfwers, or to examine Witnefies, or for any other Purpofe, which fhali iflue from the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, or any EGclefiaftical Court, or the Court of Admiralty, or any other Court in Ireland, except Commifiions of the Peace

Any original Writ, Subpoena, Writ of Habeas Corpus, Writ of Capias quo minus or any other Writ, Procefs or Mandate whatever, not herein otherwife charged, that (hall iflue out of or pafs the Seal of any of the Courts in Dublin (whether the fame be the fuperior Courts of Law or Equity, or any of the Ecclefiaftical Courts)	-

Any Copy of any fuch Writ which Audi be ferved on any Defendant or Defendants therein named

Any Entry of any Procefs of Contempt for not appearing, or for not anfwering, which fhali be entered in the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, or in the Ecclefiaftical Courts, whether fuch Procefs (hall iflue or not

Any Warrant to any Attorney or Solicitor, Pro&or or other Agent, to appear for any Plaintiff or Defendant in any A&ion or Suit in any Court holding Plea in Ireland, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings or above, or where the Thing in Demand or Caufe of Suit is of that Value, or to profecute or defend fuch A&ion or Suit, or to confefs Judgment thereon	....

Any Appearance to be entered in any fuch Court or Courts in Ireland by any Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Pro&or or other Agent, for each and every Defendant named in fuch Entry	....

£ i. d.

050

D IO O OO4

2 0 0 2 0 0

0 2 6 OIO

IOO

o 10 o

OIO

006

OIO

026

010

Any

A.D. iti2.	jt»GEO.	IIL'	C.iy.	4*$

SCHEDULE (A).	Duty.
Writs, Proceffes, &c.—continued.  Any Warrant to any Proctor to profecute pr defend any- Suit in the Court of Prerogative, or in any Ecclefiaftical Court, or	0 S. d.
in the Court of Admiralty -Any Appearance to be entered in any fuch Court or Courts in Ireland by any Fro&or, for each and every Defendant named	Q 2 6
in fuch Entry - .p p Any Special Bail to be taken in any of the Courts in Dublin, or before any of the Judges of the Add £ourtyf or in any Court	CIO
whatsoever - -Any Appearance th$t (hall be pnade on fuch Bail -Any Common Bail to be fijed in any Court whatsoever, and	O ?  M ■+*  o o
any Appearance that fhall be piape pn fuch Bail Any Bail Bond taken by any Sheriff or Under Sheriff, or by	9 i o
any 1 own Clerk pr any Sepefch?) or any Manor  Any Affignmept of fuch Bail Rpnd  Any Declaration, Bill, Anfwer, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder or Demurrer, and any Interrogatories, and any Libel, AUeg3’ tion or other Plea or Pleading, of what Nature or Kind Soever not herein otherwife charged, that fhall be filed by or pn hehalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant in any Court pf Law or Equity, or in any Ecclefiaftical pr Admiralty Court, or in any other Court in Ireland (fave and except the J*aper Drafts or Pepo-	6 j, o Q 4 o
fitions before they are engroffed) - -Any Declaration, B4J1, Anfwer, Demurrer, Rlea or Pleading at Law or in Equity, filed by gr on behalf of any Attorney or Solicitor wfio ffiail fue or be fued as an Attorney or Solicitor in his own proper Perfon, on the Firft Skin {hereof, over	o 4 o
and above all other Stamp Duties -Any attefted Copy of any Declaration ip Ejc&ment or other Declaration, Bill, Anfwer, Plep, Replication, Rejpinder, Der muirer, Interrogatory, Pepofition, Allegation or Libel, or of any other Plea or Pleading in any Court whatever, pr any Copy of any Record to he furnifhed to any of the fudges for the hearing of Caufes in Error in the Court of Exchequer Chpxn-  • » t /n r . r '	
btr or m the Court of Delegates Any Exception to any Anfwer or Report filed in any Court of Equity or in any Ecclefiaftical Court in Ireland, to be charged upon each Exception, whether joined with any other or others on the fame Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or	904
Paper, or not -  And for every Ninety Words which each and every Exception fhall contain over and above the firfi Ninety Words,	o*6
a further Duty of -And upon each and every Exception over and above the	0 i 6
firft Ten Exceptions, a further Duty of And for every Ninety Words which each .am} every fuch Exception after the firft Ten Exceptions fhall contain over and above the firft Ninety Words, a further Duty	0 4 0
Of — m * -  n 4  CjjOO^lC	0*6  Any

SCHEDULE

(A.)

Writs* Procefles, See.—continued.

Any Certificate of the Number of Stamps appearing on the Face of any Pleading in the Court of Chancery or Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer	-

Any Charge or Difcnarge filed iu any Court of Equity Any attefted Copy of any fuch Charge or Difcharge Any attefted Copy of any Account or Report filed in any Caufe in the Court of Chancery or in the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer	-

Atw Copy of any Account or Report filed in Chancery in the Matter of any Minor or Lunatic

Any original Affidavit* Affirmation or Demolition, not hereby otherwife charged* taken before any Perlon or Perfons authorized by Law to take the fame (except fuch Affidavits or Affirmations as (hall be taken before the Qfficert of His Majofty’s Cuftoms or Excife* Affidavits relating to Criminal Profecu-tions. Affidavits or Affirmations made for the Purpofe of segif-tering Freeholds; and all Affidavits or Affirmations to be made before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace* or before a Magif-trate of any Corporation a&ing as a Juftice of the Peace, unlefs hereby otherwife changed; and except Affidavits or Affirmations to be taken before a Magiftrate a&ing in any Court of Confcience* or of a fummary Jurifdi&ion, or before any Judge of Affize, Commiffioner or Oyer and Terminer or Recorder or Affiftant Barrifter* relative to Profecutions or

sS i i

o I Q otd o I C

o 3 < o z i



Trials on Indictments or to Civil Bills; and except Affidavits or Affirmations made in purfuance of any ACf relative to the Hempen or Linen Manufactures, or to the Payment of Com Premiums, or before the Dublin Society; and except Affidavits or Affirmations with refpeCt to the Regulations or Management of the Stamp Duties directed to oe made before One or more of the Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, or before any Perfon appointed by them, or before any Magiftrate or Commiffioner for taking Affidavits)

Any attefted Copy of fuch Affidavit or Affirmation which (hall be read in any Court whatfoever

Any Affidavit made to enter a Fine, or to ground any Application, againft a Sheriff or Coroner Any Copy of any fuch Affidavit

Any Affidavit or Affirmation made in purfuance of any Law for amending or repairing Public Roads, or made before the Truftees of any Turnpike relative to the Roads or Tolls of fuch Turnpike, or made for the Purpofe of grounding thereon any rrefentment of any Grand Jury, or for railing Money for Repair of Roads, or any other Public Purpofe, or for accounting for any Public Money, or difeharging Queries on Presentments,

Where the Amount of the Money to be prefented, railed or accounted for, (hall not exceed 50I.	•

o 1 1

o o ;

o

o

o t &

ffhert



Google

Writs, Proceffes, &c. — continued.

Where fuch Amount (hall exceed 50I. and (hall not ex* ceed iool.	-	-

Where fuch Amount (hall exceed 100L and (hall not exceed 200I.	-

Where fuch Amount (hall exceed 200I.

Any Commiflion for taking Affidavits that (hall be iflued Tom any Court	*	-

Any Summons or Warrant iflued by any Mafter in Chan-*ry, or by the Chief or Deputy Remembrancer of the Court >f Exchequer, or by any or the Chief or Deputy Prothono-aries of the Courts of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or ly the Chief or Deputy Clerk of the Pleas in the Exchequer, it by any of the Chief or Deputy Regifters of the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, or by any other Officer >r Officers of any Court of Law or Equity, or any of the Ecclefiaftical Courts, or of the Court of Admiralty, or in any xher Court in Ireland, for the Purpofe of proceeding to fettle my Decree or Proceeding on any Order of Reference or Taxing [&U, or any other Purpofe for which Summonses or War-sots are ufually iflued by fuch Officers refpe&ively Any Summons of any Judge of the fuperior Courts of Law 9r Equity in Ireland	-

Any Rule or Order (except in Caufes profecuted upon In-bftments or Prefentments) made or given on Petition or Motion a any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity, or in any Ecclefiaftical Court, or in the Court of Admiralty, or in auy *htr Court in the County of Dublin, or County of the Cky if Dublin, holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth (mount to 40s. whether fuch Rule or Order (hall be made q open Court, or by any Judge of fuch Courts refpe&ively o his Chamber, by way of Fiat for an Order Any Copy of fuch Role or Order, or any Copy of any other Record or Proceedings in any of the faid Courts, not hereby itherwife charged	...

Any Record of Nifi Prius	-	-

Any Writ of Enquiry of Damages

Any Inquifition or Iflue taken or found by any Jury in wy Civil A&ion, whether at Nifi Prius, or before any Sheriff w Sheriffs, or other Officer or Officers, or any Judgment by Default or otherwifo, or on any SuggefUon, or on any Writ of Ekgit	.	-

Any Interlocutory Judgment in any Court of Law in Ireland Any final Judgment which (hall be figned by the Mafter of any Office, or his Deputy or Secondary, or by any Prothono-tory, or his Secondary, Deputy or Clerk, or any other Officer belonging to any of the Courts in the City of Dublin, who have Power, or ufually do or (hall fign Judgments, whether the faid Judgment fo figned arifes in any A Sion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Confeffion, for any Sum under tool.

*5

£ /, d. 030

040

050

1 5 0

o 1 o 020

010

a 1 o

O IC o

o 10' o

o 10 o 050

050

For



Google

5 8" GEO. Ill,

A.D. iSit.

49*

C.9y.

SCHEDULE (A.)	Duty.
Writs* Proceffes, See .—continued.	* /. 1
For iqoL or upwards, and not exceeding tool.	0 10 0 j
And for every iool. exceeding the Sum of aool. a further Duty of -	006?
Any Writ of Habere Facias Selfinam, or Writ of Reilitution or Poffefiion -	0 10 0
Any Warrant to any Attorney to fatisfy a Judgment entered of Record in the Courts of Ring's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer in Dublin ...	0 t 0
Any Warrant of Attorney to vacate any Recognizance entered into in the Court of Chaqcery, or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, and any Order obtained to vacate the fame ....	050
Any Decree or Difmiffal made by or in the Court of Chancery, written on Paper and iigned by the proper Officer -	0 4 6 j
Any attefted Copy of any fuch Decree or Difmiffal	0*6
Any Decree or Difmiffal nude by or in the Court of Exchequer, written on Paper, and figned by the proper Officer Any attefted Copy of any fuch Decree or Difmiffal	050
	050
Any Exemplification of a Decree of the Court of Chancery under the Great Seal ...	0 IC 0
Any Writ of Error or Certiorari, or any Appeal in any Civil Cafe (except from the Court of Admiralty or Preroga-	f
tive Court, or any Diocefan or Archiepifcopal Court, or from any Difmifs or Decree on any Civil Bill, or from any Manor Court) - -	10 0
Except always, in all cafes, and as to all Stamp Duties, all Proceedings in any Court Martial, or in any Suit in any of the Courts aforefaid, which (hall be fued, profecuted or had by any Perfon admitted to fue or defend therein in for-ma pauperis.  Any Entry of any Action in the Mayor’s or SherifPs Court, in the City of Dublin, and in Courts of all Corporations	O I 0
Any Appearance to be entered to any fuch Action	P I 0
Any Summons or Procefs whereby the Defendant or Defendant* (hall be required to appear or anfvrer the Plaintiff’s Bill, or to appear before any Recorder, Chairman, Affiftant Bar-rifter, Senefchal or Steward of a Manor Court, or other Jud^e or Officer, in any Proceeding in a fummary way by Civil Bill	0 0 2
Any Copy of any fuch Summons - - -	O I 2
Any Decree which (hall be made or pronounced by, or any Warrant which (hall iffue under the Hand and Seal, or Hand only, of any Recorder, Chairman, Affiftant Barrifter, Town Clerk or Senefchal, or by any Judge of Affize, or other Judge whatever, in Caufes heard by Civil Bill j  Where the Sum decreed (hall be under 5I.	O 2 0
- - - - ftiall amount to 5I. and (hall npt amount to iol. - «.	0 4 < 1
- ... fhall amount to id. or upwards *	0 7 6
	



Writs, Precedes, &c. — continued.

Any Difmif8 made or pronounced by any Recorder, Chairman, Affillant Barrifter or Judge of Aflize Any Difmifs made or pronounced by any SenefchaJ, or Steward of any Manor, in any Proceeding by Civil Bill Any Renewal of a Decree or Diimifs by whomfoever made on any Proceeding by Civil Bill	-

Any Recognisance on an Appeal from any Decree or Difmifs by whomfoever made or pronounced in any Proceeding by Civil Bill	-	-	-

Duty.

£ /, d. 040 016 p 1	6

026

Any Citation or Monition, Mandate, Prohibition, Summons, Requifition or other Procefs of what Nature or Kind foever, that fhali iflue out of any Ecclefiaftical Court in Ireland (except in any Suit for Tithes, and not herein otherwife charged,) aad any Copy thereof refpe&ively Any Citation, Monition, Proceeding, Sentence or Decree,, made in the Prerogative Court, or in any Ecclefiaftical Court, many Suit for Titties, or any Copies of them refpe&ively Any Inventory lodged or exhibited in any Ecclefiaftical Court in Ireland, and any Copy thereof ; Any Warrant (except Warrants to Pro&ors to appear),

*	Monition or Decree in tne Court of Admiralty, except in Suits

*	(or recovery of Seamen’s Wages	-

Any Decree, Sentence or Difmifs in any Ecclecfiaftical ; Court in Ireland fave as aforefaid

Any Sentence or Attachment (except in Suits for the Re-\ cofery of Seamen’s Wages), that (hall be given in or made out ! of the Court of Admiralty, or any Relaxation of any. fuch Attachment	-	-	-

Any Interlocutory* Decree or Sentence in any of the Eccle-fiaflical Courts, or m the Court of Admiralty in Ireland, fave, as aforefaid	-

Any Exemplification of any Decree, Sentence or Difmifs, in any Ecclefiaftical Court in Ireland Any Commiflion iflued out of any Ecclefiaftical Court not. hereinbefore particularly charged Any Appeal from any Diocefan Court	*

Any Appeal from the Court of Admiralty or Prerogative, Court, or any Archiepifcopal Court Any Cuftodiam under the Seal of the Exchequer grounded on an Outlawry in any Civil A&ion

O50

010

050

076

076

IOO

O 10 o

o 15 o

076

500

10 o o

050

IV. Probates and Administrations and Receipts for Legacies.

Any Probate of a Will (except fuch Probate as (hall be. t*ken out by auy Executor coming in after another Executor, (ball have obtained Probate of the fame), and any Letter of. Adminiftration whatever, except Adminiftrations Pendente. Lite, or De Bonis non, of whatever Number of Skins or £iee?s



ot

494

C.8 f.

51* GEO. in.

SCHEDULE (A.)

MJ.i



Probates, See.—continued.

of Parchment or Vellum, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper* the fame niay confift;

Where the Eftate and Effe£b for or in refpe& of which filch Probate or Letters of Adminiflration (hall be granted (exdufive of what the Deceafed (hall have been

rerfon or Perfons, and not beneficially			
Shall be of the Value of £ 30 and under the \		/alue of £ too	
- • 106			200
- - 200			300
- - 300			400
- - 400			50°
- - 500			600
• - 600			700
- - 700			800
SOO			900
9OO			1,000
1,000			i*5°°
1,500			2,000
- - 2,000			3*5“>
3*5°°			5,coo
5,000			7,500
7*500			10,000
- - 10,000			12,500
- - 12,500			15,000
- - 15,000			17,500
i7»5oo			20,000
- - 20,000			25,000
- - 25,000			30,000
- • 30,000	• .		35>oco
• • $5*000			40,000
• • 46,000			45,000
- - 45*ooo			50,000
* - 50,000			60,000
• ► 60,000			70,000
- - 70,006			80,000
- - 8o,oco			90,000
• ' • 90,000			100,000
- - 100,000			125,000
- - 125,000			150,000
- - 150,000			I75»°00
• - 175,000			2CO,000
- - 200,000			250,000
- - 250,000			300,000
- - 3 CO,000			350,000
- - 350,000			400,000
- • 400,000			500,000
- - coo,000 and upwards Any Letters of Amniniftratton Pendente Lite			

0

1

2

3

4

5

6

7 S

9 15 20

35

60

75

9°

110

135 160 185 210 ifc 310 360

4IO 460

55°

650

75°

850

.95°

I,	100 t*oo ifico 2,000 O

2*5°°

3»ooo 3*5°° 5

4P°° *■

J,	000

6^00

5

v^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)	Duty.
Probates, &c.—continued.  Except in ail cafes the Probate of any Will or Letters of Adminillration of the Goods, Chattels and EfFe&s of any Non Commiflioned Officer or Private Seaman, Marine or Soldier, who (hall die in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, andexcept Letters of Adminillration De Bonis non.  Any Copy of any Will atteftcd by the proper Officer of any	£ t. d
Ecdefiaftical Court -Any Receipt or Difcharge for any Legacy, fpecific or pecuniary, or of any other Defcription, given by any Will or Tefta-mentaiy In{Irument, and charged upon or given out of any Real or Perlonal Eftate, or Monies ariling from the Sale of any Real Eftate directed to be fold by any Will or Teftamentary Inftru-ment; or for the clear Refidue, or for any Part or Proportion of the clear Refidue of the Perfonal Eftate of any Perfon dying, teftate or inteftate, or for the clear Relidue, or for any Part or Proportion of the clear Relidue devifed to any Perfon or Perfons of any Monies ariling or that may arife by the Sale of any Real Eftate dire&ed to be fold by any Will or Tefta-amtary Inllrument (after deducing Debts, Funeral Expences, legacies and other Charges firft made payable thereout, if isy):  For every One hundred Pounds of the Value of any fuch Legacy or Relidue, or Part or Proportion of Refidue, and for any fra&ional Part thereof, over and above any Sum or pragreffive Sums of tool, the Sums following; videlicet.  If fuch Legacy or Relidue, or Proportion of the Refidue, fhall be given or pafs to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sifter of the deceafed, or any Defcendant of fuch	003
Brother or Sifter -If the fame (hall be given or pafs to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sifter of a Father or Mother of the Deceafed*	150
or any Defcendant of fuch Brother or Sifter If the fame (hall be given or pafs to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sifter of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceafed, or any Defcendant of fuch Brother or	2 0 0
Sifter - -If the fame (hall be given or pafs to or for the Benefit of any Perfon in any other Degree of collateral Consanguinity to the Deceafed than as above defcribed, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in Blood to the Deceafed, or to any Body or Bodtes Politic or Corporate, or other Public Inilitutions, (except charitable Infti-	2 xo 0
Unions) - ...  If any fuch Legacy or Refidue, or Part of Refidue, (hall amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds or upwards, 1 and (hall be gives or pafs to or for the Benefit of any Child of the Deceafed, or any Defcendant of fuch Chila,	O  O
• then, for every 100L of the Value theteof	O 20 O  Except



52* GEO. m.

A-D.iSr

496

C.Bj»

Probates, See.—continued.

Except, in all cafes, any Receipt or Difchargc for any Legacy, or any Refidue, or any Part or Proportion of Refidue, of any Real or Perfonal Eftate, which (hall be given or pafs to or for the Benefit of the Hufband or Wife of the Deceafed; and except, in all cafes, any Receipt or Difcharge for any Legacy or any Refidue, or Part of Refidue, of any Real or Perfonal Eftate, which (hall be given or pafs to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family.

V. Mercantile and Commercial Instruments.

(For the Duty on Infurances fee ScheduleB.)

Any Charter Party, Paffport, Procuration, Letter of Attorney, Warrant of Attorney (except Warrants of Attorney and Letters of Attorney otherwife charged), or any Notarial A& not otherw ife charged	-	-

Any Bill of Lading which (hall be figned for any Goods exported	-	-	-

Any Inftrument entitling any Perfon or Perfons exporting any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes from Ireland, to any Drawback or Bounty on exporting the fame

Any Policy of AfTurance or Infurance, or any Writing commonly fo called, for infuring Houfes, Furniture, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or other Property from Lofs by Fire

Any Bank Note or Bank Poft Bill which (hall be iffued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or by any Banker or Bankers who (hall have regiftered his or their Name or Names, or Firm, in manner direfted by Law, where the Sum expreffed therein (hall not amount to 5!.	-

Shall amount to 5I. and not amount to 10I.

Shall amount to 10I and not amount to 50L Any Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, PnomifTory Note or other Note, whether of Bankers or otherwife, Draft or Order (except Bank Notes and BankrPoft Bills otherwife charged, and except Promiflbry Notes for any Sum not exceeding 2I. ios. palled on account of Tithes, or for Money lent by or payable to any Society for Charitable Loan, or by or to their Tru frees in Tru ft for them)

Where the Sum exprefTed therein fhill not exceed 10I. Where the Sum (hall exceed iol. and (hall not exceed 30I.

30L	-	-	50I.

50I.	-	-	IGOI

lOOl.	-	-	2001.

2 COl.	•	-	5001.

500I.	-	-	1,0001.

1,0001.	-	-	3,oool.

Where fuch Sum (hall exceed 3,000!.

11

£ f.

o 4 0 0 '

0 0 '

o 1 I



Google

AD.iSia.

ja* GEO. in.

497

C.8f.

Mercantile InflrUments — continued.

Any Draft or Order in Writing for the Payment of any Sum of Money not exceeding loU BHtiftt Currency, on Demand, payable to Bearer, or otherwife, drawn upon any Bank or Banker or Banker*, or any Petfon or Petfonl adding as a Banker or Bankers in Ireland, within Ten Miles of the Place where fuch Draft or Order (hall be a&ually drawn and ifiued, which (hall be nrgociated, or of which Payment (hall be required at any time after the Expiration of Two Days from the Date thereof	*	-

Any Proteft where the Amount of the Bill or Note fpeci-fied therein (hall be lefs ban 50U

Where fuch Amount (hal be 50I. or upwards

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Duties :

All Bills for the Pay and Allowances of His Majesty*s Land Forces, or for the Expenditures liable to be charged in the public Regimental or Diftridt Accounts, which (hall be drawn according to the Forms now preferred, or hereafter to be prelcribed, by His Majesty’s Orders by the Paymafters of Regiments or Corps, or by the Chief Pay matter or Deputy Paymafter and Accountant of the Army Depot, or by the Paymafters of Recruiting Diftri&s, or by the Paymafters of Detachments, or by the Officer or Officers authorized to perform the Duties of Paymafter-(hip during a Vacancy, or the Abfeoce; Sufpenfion or Incapacity of any fuch Paymafter as aforefaid ; fave and except fuch Bills as (hall be drawn in Favour of Contradtors or others who Fumifti Bread or Forage to His Majesty’s Troops, and who by their Contraas or Agreements (hall be hable to pay tne Stamp Duties on the Bills given in Payment for the Articles fup-plied by them.

Any Receipt or other Difcharge gifen on the Payment of *ny Sum of Money, or on the Delivery of any Cheque, Draft, Bill or ether Order for any Sum of Money,

Where the Sum (hall amount to ah stad not amount to 10I.	-	-	-

Where the 6m (hall amount to tol. and not amount to 20I.	*	*•	-	-

Where the Sum (hall amount to 20I. and not amount to 50I.

Where the Sum ithatt amount to 50I. and not amount to 100I.	-

Where the Sum fhall amount to tool, and not amount to aool.	...

Where the Sum (ball amount to 200I. and not amount to 500I.

Whfie the Sum (hall amount to fool- and \1pward9

£ 4. d.

003

040

050



Google

002

OO4

0 0 8

OlO

0 2 0

O30

050

And



Mercantile Inftruments — continued.

And where any Sum of Money whatever (hall be there-in exprefied or acknowledged to be received in full of all Demands

Except Receipts for Money paid into the Bank of Ireland, or into any Houfe of any regiftered Banker or Bankers, or for the Purchase of Stock, or on the Back of any Bond, Bill, Note or Deed, and being for the Contents or Confidera-tion, or any Part of the Contents or Confidera-tion thereof, or by any Army or Navy Agent, Officer, Soldier or Sailor, for any Money received on Account of Pay, Allowance or other Military or Naval Perquifites or Emoluments, or »	by	any	Officer of the Exchequer for Money re-

ceived for His Majesty, or any Acknowledgement by Letter, of Money, Bill, or Note or Notes remitted by Poft ; and except Receipts for the Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and Ad-vertifements ; and except Receipts for Legacies otherwife charged.

Any Requeft Note or Requifition for any Permit required to be granted by any Officer of His Majesty’s Revenue, or any Commiffioner or Difiributor of Stamps, or other Peifon duly authorized to grant the fame, relative to any Excifable or other Goods, and any Requeft Note or Requifition for any Certificate of any fuch Permit required by Law

VI. Licences; and Game Certificates and Deputations.

Any Marriage Licence to be iffued from the Court of Prerogative in Ireland	-	-	-

Any Licence to any Perfon or Perfons in Ireland for any of the Purpofes hereafter mentioned, viz.

To ad as a Notary Publick -• To keep one or more Printing Prefs or Prefles To deal in or retail Stamps in Ireland To infure a gain ft. Fire	-	-

To fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, in the Places following; viz.

In the City of Dublin, and within thq Circular Road furrounding the faid City of Dublin, or within the Wall of His Majesty’s Park the Phoenix, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, ^including all Places fur-rounded by the faid Cities refpedivelj, and that Part of the City of Limerick called Saint Francis’s Abbey,) or within the Townof Belfaft



ces«— continued

Within the reft of the refpe&ive Counties of the faid Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof refpe&ively, or in any Place beyond the Circular Road furrounding the faid City of Dublin, and the Wall of His Majesty’s Park the Phoenix, and not more than Two Miles diftant therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfaft, or of the Public Lamps therein In any other Place within the Diftrift of the Excife Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, diftant more than Two Miles and not diftant more than Five Miles therefrom, and within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Cafhell, Caftlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enni/killin, Galway, Kinfale, Lif-burne, Longford, Mallow, Newry, New Rofs, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Youghall, ana within One Mile of the Market Houfe or Market Place therein refpe&ively In any other Part of Ireland than thofe Parts before defcribed	-

And if the Perfon, licenfed in fuch other Parts of Ireland other than thofe fo before defcribed, (hall alfo be licenfed to fell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities exceeding Two Gallons, a further Duty of 0 fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead, at any Encampment of Troops in Ireland for One Month And for every fucceflive Month or each and every Day during any Fair in Ireland, for which any Perfon licenfed to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, fhall be duly authorized by a Ma-

Sftrate to fell fuch Spirituous or other Liquors in any ut. Tent or Booth, or in any Street, Road or open Place at fuch Fair	-

o fell Home-made Spirits on Commiftion or otherwife, in Quantities not lefs than 50 Gallons, in any Place in Ireland, the Perfon fo felling not being a licenfed Dif-tiller	-

'0 fell Spirits, not being Home-made Spirits, on Com-miffioo or otherwife, in Quantities not lefs than 50 Gallons, in any Place in Ireland, the Perfon fo felling not being an Importer of fuch Spirits To keep a Malt Houfe, the working or drying Floor whereof fhall not exceed 1,400 fquarc Feet, and to make Malt for Sale therein, or for the Purpofe of b«ing 2GBt.HI.	Kk	.

£ /. d.

33 0 0

22 o o it o o

1100

1. o o 100

200

2100

2100

tiled

LjOOQle

SCHEDULE

Licences ~*5— continued.

ufed in any Brewery or DfftiUery, for each and every Ciftern or Kiln, whichever (ball be the greateft in Nunw! ber, in each and every Malt Houfe in which Tuch Buffi-' nefs (hall be carried on To keep a Malt Houfe of any other Si^e or Dimenfionr and make Malt for Sale, or to be ufefl in any Brewery* or Diitillery, for each and every Ciftern or Kiln, whichever (hall be the .greateft in Number, m each and -every Ma’t Houfe in Whichfuch BUfinefs (hall be carried on in] the following *Places; viz,	:

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Koafl* furrolinding tbe faid City, or within the Wall of His Majesty’s Park the Thcenix, and in any Place beyond the faid Circular Road, and the Wall of His Maiefty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles diftant theiefrOm, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, (including all Places furrounded by the faid Cities refpe&ively, and that Part of the City' of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey,) or within the Town of Belfaft Within the reft of the rcfpe&ive Counties of the (aid Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof refpedtively, or in any other Place within the Diftrfft of the Excife1 Office-of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty’s Park the Phoenix, not diftant more than1 Five Miles therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfaft, or of the Public 'Lamps therein, or within the Cities of Armagh, 'Londonderry and Kilkenny, or the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Calhell, Caftlebar, Clonmel], Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Ennttkillin, Galway, Kinfale, IJfburne, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Ncwry, New Rofs, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market Houfe or Market Place therein, refpe&ively In any other Parts of Ireland than thofe Parts before delcribed	-

To fell Malt (the Party felling the fame not being licenfed to make Malt)	-	-

To brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, for each and every Brewhoufe in the following Places, viz.

In the City.of Dublin, or within the Circular Road furrounding the faid City of Dublin, or within the Wall of His Majesty’s Park the Phoenix, or beyond the laid Circular Road and Wall.of His Majesty’s

d r.l

6 c

51 ifr

1

21 cl

,!"i

21 01

B



Google

AB-tin-

ia« pep. DJ.

P*#7*



(A.)

JLic#icp$ — continued.

Parkxhe Phqcnix, not wore tjiap tant there/rom,pr wWbu jfce City of Co/h, or ;the City of Waterford, or the City of Ljmerick (including all Places fur/oupded by the faid Cities refpeftiyely, and that Part of the ,City of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey), or wit hip ^he Town of Belfaft	.

Within the refi of the refpe&iye Countfe? of the Paid Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof refpe&ively, or .within Poe Mile of the Town of Belfaft, or of the Public Lamps therein, of fn ajiy Place within the Diltrj& pf the Excite Office,c^jDublin, beyond the Circular Ro^id and \Vall of His Majesty’s Park the Phoenix, <3if tant tnore .than Two M»1v’8 therefrom, and npt diftant wore .than Fiye -Miles thet^from Within.tbeCities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlonje, B^linafloe, Ba^dpp, Carlow, CaiheJl, Ca&lebar, Clpi\mcll,,Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, ftnnis, Lnnifhilhn, Galway, Kinfale, Li/bume, Longford, Loughrea, MaUow, Newry, New jRofs, £lig9, Tipperary, Trajlee, Wexford and You^hall, and within One Mile qf,the Market Houfe.flirM^et place therein refpteftiyely	-

In any othfr JRJnqc in Ireland To manufa^ure Tobacco in any jpnanner And further, for and upon every Tobacco Table ejcqeeding One Table, which pay JPerion w^tA$pring Tobacco (hall be licenfed to keep -	-

. Tq deal in [Unmanufa&ured Tobacco, jejcqept typ. Whole-fale Imppatqr only To fell by (Retail* or othqrwife deal jn ,Cof[ee, except Importers thereof, or P^fpfw licqnftjd ,to fall Tea or Groceries	*

To manufactoo?,Candlf8 $nd Spap,.pr	pf	them,	/or

Sale; vi^.

In the City .of Djqblip, or within ,the jCirpiilar Road fnrroundiug thje .lame, and in any City pr Town i«( Ireland fending a Member or Members to ferve in Parliament, or withjn Twp Miles of the Se(fions Hopfe or Market Houfc or Market Place thereof In any ptherTart.of Ireland To manufa&qre Paper Hangings fqr Sale -To fell Pager {Hangings, not fcwg the ^anufa^prer thereof ;ryjz.	r

In the City of Dublin, pr within Circular Road furroMndjng fche feme, and in any City.or Town p Ireland,fending a Member of Members to ferve in Kki

Duty.

*• 4

51 jo o

31 10 o

26 5 or 21 o c !

8 8 o'!

440

ip 10 o

I I o

4 4 c I

32©’

3 5 ©

v^ooQle

PafliaincnL,

502

SCHEDULE (A.)	Duty. 1
Licences — continued.	£ L
Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Seflions	
Houfe or Market Houfe or Market Place thereof	2 a o
In any other Part of Ireland	1X0
To keep a Still or Stills to reftify or compound Spirits	
and Strong Waters, for every Gallon which fuch Still	
or Stills is or are capable of containing	o icr 6
To keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper, for each Mill	2 2 0
To brew or make for Sale any Liquor called Sweets or	
Made Wines • -	5 5°
To make Metheglin or Mead for Sale	a a o
To make Vinegar for Sale	C C 0
To fell Tea or Groceries, or either of them, including	
Foreign Grapes, Foreign Currants, Railins and Figs, by	
Retail, viz.	
In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road	
furrounding the fame, and in every City, Town and	-
Place returning a Member or Members to ferve in	
Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Seflions	
Houfe, or Market Houfe or Market Place of any	
fuch City, Town or Place	550
In any other Part of Ireland	3 3°
To fell or make any Gold or Silver Plate, viz.	
In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road	
furrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in	
Ireland fending a Member or Members to ferve in	
Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Seflions	
Houfe, or Market Houfe or Market Place thereof	5 5°
In any other Part of Ireland	a 2 o
To keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather	I I 0
To dreU Hides and Skins in Oil •	110
To make Vellum or Parchment - -	I I 0
Toexercifc the Trade or Bufmefs of a Brazier or Worker	
in Brafs, Copper, Tin or other Metal, for making of	
Stills, Still-heads and Worms of Stills, viz.	
In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular	
Road furrounding the kune, and in any City or Town	
in Ireland fending a Member or Members to ferve in	
Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Seflions	
Houfe, or Market Houfe or Market Place thereof -	C 6 o
In any other Part of Ireland	3 3°
To keep a Tavern, Hotel, Club Houfe or Coffee Houfe	2 2 0
To fell by Auction, viz.	
Within the Diflrid, of the Metropolis, or within	
Six Miles of the CalUe of Dublin, or within the City	
of Cork, Or the City of Waterford, Or the City of	
1 Limerick (including all Places furrounded by the	
faid Cities refpe&ively, and that Part of the City of	
i Limerick called St. Francis’s Abbey), and within	



Licences—continued.

the reft of the refpe&ive Counties of the faid Cities, and in the Town of Belfaft In any other Part of Ireland To make Glafs Bottles and other Veflela or Utenlils of Common Bottle Metal -To exercife the Trade or Calling of a Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other Trading Perfon going from Place to Place in Ireland, and travelling eitner on Foot, or with Horfe or other Beali of Burthen., or otherwife carrying to fell, or expofing to Sale, any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes; alio Licences to Travelling Tinkers and Carters of Iron and Metal, and to Pcrfons hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale And further for every Horfe or other Bead bearing or drawing Burthen which fuch Perfon rtiall fo travel with, or caufe to be ufed for the Pur-pofe of carrying or drawing his, her or their Goods, Wares and Merchandizes To carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker, or Maker of any Carriage chargeable with Duty To carry on the Trade of felling Carriages chargeable with Duty, by way of Audion or on Commiffion To let to hire any Horfe, for the Purpofe of travelling Port, by the Mile or from Stage to Stage Any Certificate to be granted by any Diftributor of Stamps to authorife any Perfon to kill Game in Ireland Any Deputation or Appointment of a Game Keeper, granted to any Perfon^by a Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Perfon in Ireland	-

£ /. d.

io io o 5 5°

i i o

2	2	0

2	t	O

O50

050

2	2	0

9

2	2	0

2	2	0

VII. Newspapers, Almanacks and Publications.

Any Newfpaper or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences	-	-	-

Any Hand Bill containing a fingle Advertifement, not other-wife charged, except Hand Bills refpe&ing Charities, Robberies, Murders, Lofs of Property and Sales under Diftrefs, Warrants or Executions, or for Rent	-

Any Almanack or Calendar for any particular Year, or for any time lefs than a Year Any Almanack or Calendar made to ferve for any longer time than a Year, or forfeveral Years 1 Any Dublin Dire&ory	...

Any Army Lift (except fuch Lifts refpe&ively as (hall be publifhed with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time

being)	-

Any Daily Account, or Daily -Bill of Goods imported or Sported from Ireland, or Abftrad thereof! included in or Kk 3



00 *

O O Q}

o 0 9

07	6

006

006

with

SCHEDULE (A.j	Dnty.
Licences — continued.  with any other Publication (except fucb Daily Accounts di-Bills of Iihports dr Exports as (hall be printed or publi(bed by any Perfon or P erfons authorized to print the fame by ihe Lord Lieutenant, or dtlief Chief Governor of trdverhorS df Ireland for the time being, and purfuant to the faid Authority) Any Account or Bill of Goods imported into Or exported from Ireland, printed dr piiblilfied daily, weekly, monthly , or at any other time dr times as Accounts or AbftrSdt of Accounts of fuch GdodS, for each Hdy’k Account Contained therein (except fiich Accounts or Bills of Import^ or £xpdrt$ as (hall be printed of publirtied by fuch Perfon of Perfoh^ is aforefaid) - -	£ i. i  o a I 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.)

Articles not ftaroped on Velluih; Parchment or Paper.

ARTICLES.	Dstr.
FOR every Advertisement to be contained pr publiftied in any Gazette, Newfpaper, Journal or Daily Accounts, to be p^blifhed weekly or ottener, or in any ofhef prihted Papef or Pamphlet difperled or made public t yearly, monthly or at any other interval of time, or m ,any Hand Bill containing more than one Advertisement, and for every Copy of any Proclamation, Order of Council or Ad of State, made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being,or the Privy Codiicil Of Iibfanci, which (hall be contained or publilhed, m any Gaz$ttej Ney?f-paper, Journal of Daily Account, other than the Dublin Ga-	* *1
	
zette - - -  For every Pamphlet or Paper not exceeding Six Sheets in O&avo, or in a lefler Page, and not exceeding Twelve Sheets in Quartq, or Twenty Sheets in Folio, for,every Sheet of anyJ Kind of Paper contained in One printed Copy or Impreffion thereof, a Duty 6f  For any AiTurance or Infurance; viz,,  For any AiTurance Or Infurance of ,any Ship or. Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or any other Property or Inteteftl whereon Infurance may be lawfully made againil Lofs ip any Voyage or Voyages, or from the lingers of, or other Peril* at Sea, where the Premium or Cpnfidcration in the Nature of a Premium, a&ually and bona fide paid or contra&ed. for, i lhall not exceed the Rate of zos. pet Cent.  5  CjOO^Ic	b i
	0 2

Schedule (B) ■—tcntirwcd.

ARTICLES.

Duty.

For awy Voyage to or from any Port er Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Hands of Guemfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man from or to any other Place in the faid Kingdom or Hands :

Where the Sum mfured frail amount to look or any lefs Sum .... And fo pTogreffively for every iool. fo infured And where the 8am infured frail exceed iool. or any progreffive Sums of iool. each, by any fractional Part of iool. for fnch fractional Part For any other Voyage where the Sam infured frail amount to iool. or any lefs Sum And fo progreffively for every iool. fo infured And where the Sum infured (hall exceed iool. or any progreflive Sums of rool. each, by any fractional Part of iooL for fuch fractional Part And where the Premium, or Confide ration in the Nature of a Premium, for fuch Infurauce, actually and bona fide paid or coatra&ed for, frail exceed the Rate of 2os. per Cent, for any Voyage, then a Duty in all cafes equal to double the Amount of the foregoing Duties refpeCtively.

Any Afiurance or Infurance for or upon anj Sum of One hundred Pounds, or any lefTer Sum, that is or mall be infured by any Perfon or Perfons, in or by any Policy of Infurance, for iofuring Houfes, Goods, Furniturej Warehouses, Merchandizes or other Property, from Lofs by Fire, yearly

And for every Hundred Pounds of fuch Infurance, after the Firft Hundred, a like Sum of	-

And where the Sum infured frail exceed One hundred Pounds, or any progreflive Sums of One hundred Pounds each, by any fradional Part of One hundred Pounds, for fuch fractional Part	-

For aod upon every Pack of printed, painted or playing Cards, made, manufactured or vended ip Ireland For and upon every Pair of Dice made, manufactured or vended in Ireland	-

£ /.

o I o I

o I

O 2 O 2

O 2

O 2 O 2

O 2 O '2

o 15

d.

3

3

3

6

6

6

6

6

o

o

SCHEDULE (C.)

Allowances.

To any Perfon who frail bring Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the Head Office of the Commiflioners of Stamp Duties in Dublin to be ftamged, or who frail buy any ftamped Vellum, P archment or Paper, at the faid Head Office, the Duties whereof refpeCtively frail •mount to Twenty Pounds or upwards ( fave and except Vellum, Parch.

K k 4	ment

L^ooQle

C.87, 88.

A,D.i8u

50 6

52’ GEO. in.

Schedule ( C.) — continued* ment and Paper, to be (lamped with any Duty of Ten Pounds orup-wards in the foregoing Schedules mentioned,or to be (lamped with any Number of Stamps, amounting in the Whole to Ten Pounds on one Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper), an Allowance after the Rate of ; One Pound and Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds, upon j

?rcmpt Payment of the faid Duty upon fuch Vellum, Parchment or ' 'aper, fo brought or ftamped.

To Stationers and Shopkeepers, who (hall purchafe Stamps for Receipts to the Amount at One and the fame Time of 5I. in Cos* fideration of their making no Charge to the Public for the Paper ftamped for Receipts, but aftually and bona fide felling the fame for the Price of the Stamp only, 7I. 10s. for every tool, of the Amount of the Duty on fuch Stamps for Receipts; and fo in Proportion for any greater or iefs Sum not under the Sum of 5I. This Allowance being over and above the Allowance on the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties to the Amount of Twenty Pounds and upwards.

CAP. LXXXVin.

An Aft for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates ofj Poftage in Greta Britain.	[9th July 1812.J

Moil Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majelly’s raoft dutiful and loyal Subjefts, the Com* mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament aflembled, being defirous of raifing the necefiary Sup* plies to defray Your Majesty’s Public Expences, and of making permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluihj tarily refolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the addition# Rates and Duties hereinafter mentioned, and do therefore mod humbly^ befeech Your Majesty that it may be enafted 5 and be it enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, is this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the famr, Additional Rates That, from and after the palling of this Aft, it (hall and may be law* r	ful to and for His Majesty’s Poftmafter General, and his Deputy and

Deputies by him thereunto authorized, for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, to demand, have, receive and take for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which he (hall cany, convey or fend Pod, in manner hereinafter mentioned, the additional Rates and Duties hereinafter fpecified, the fame being rated by the Letter or by the Ounce 5 that is to fay,

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Poll within Grt* Britain, above the Dillauce of Twenty Miles from the Office where fuch Letters may be put in, to the Office where the fame may be direfted,

For every Single Letter, One Penny :

For every Double Letter, Two pence :

For every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Otnnce b Weight, Three pence;

And for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Four pence, and fo in Proportion for ever) other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce;

Fo;



of Cottage granted.

Rates.

AJ3.i8i2.	520	GEO. III.	C.8fr.	507

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Poft to and from Ireland,

For every Single Letter, One Penny:

For every Double Letter, Two pence:

For every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Three pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Four pence, and fo in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce :

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Poft to and from His Majesty’s Dominions and Plantations in America,

For every Single Letter an additional Rate of Two pence:

For every Double Letter, Four pence :	'

For every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Six pence :

And for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Eight pence, and fo in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of* greater Weight than an Ounce :

And for the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Poft to and from Parts beyond the Stas, whether within His Majesty’s Dominions or not within His Majesty’s Dominions,

For every Single Letter, an additional Rate of Two pence :

For every Double Letter, Four pence :

For every Treble Letter or other Letter und^r an Ounce in Weight,

Six pence :

And for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Eight pence, and fo in Proportion for every other Letter of greater Weight than an Ounce.

II. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That nothing herein Rate* not t* contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend the faid additional extcnd to Rates of Poftage to Letters to be fent by the Poft to and from the Guei^cK&c* Hands of Guernfeyt Jerfey and the Ifle of Man% (except the Rates payable for Conveyance within Great Britain) any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding : And for the Port and Con- Rafrs for Let-veyance by the Poft of every Letter, racket or Cover containing Pat- ters containing terns of Cloth, Silk, Stuff or Samples of other Goods or other Sort	**

of Thing, not exceeding One Ounce in Weight, if the fame Letter	*J

or Packet or Cover (hall be clofed or not open at the Sides, an additional Rate of Two pence for every fuch Letter, Packet or Cover:

And for the Port and Conveyance by the Poft of every Letter or Cover containing One or more Paper or Papers with Patterns, or containing one or more Pattern or Patterns of Cloth, Silk or Stuff, or One or more Sample or Samples of any other Sort of Goods, or One or more Piece or Pieces of any other Sort of Thing inclofed therein or affixed thereto though not on Paper, if the lame do not weigh One Ounce, an additional Rate of One Penny for every fuch Letter, fo as every fuch Letter, Packet or Cover (hall be fent open at the Sides and without any Letter or Writing in, upon, or with fuch Packet or Cover other than the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fending the fame, and the Place or Places of his, her or their Abode, and the Prices of the Articles contained therein or affixed thereto.

III.	Provided

	-

P ates not to ex« tend to letters fent by or to Seamen and Soldiers under 3 5 G.3.C.53.

Powers of former A£U extended to Act.

Duties paid to Re&ifet’ Be* neruL

Money anting by Rates to be an Addition to Revenue.

Separate Account of Rates kept for 10 Years.

4» G.3. c.70.

C. 8a.	52*	GEO.	HI.	A.D.	i»a

III.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That Dotting herein contained (hall increafe or after, of be conflrued to increafe er alter the Amount or manner of charging the Rates of Pottage upon Single Letters to be fent by the Pott by or to Seamen or Privates employed in His Majesty’s Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Kegimeat;, Artillery or Marines upon their own private Concerns only whiti fuch Seamen and Privates fball be employed in the Public Service, made payable by an Ad patted in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign df His prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 for further regulating tin fending and reeeiving Letters ffeefrom the Duty 0/ Po/lage ; for ahba*-trig Non Commidtoned Officers, Seamen and private Men in the Navj and Army whiT/l on Service to fend and receive Letters at a low Rate of Poflage ; and for permitting Patterns and Samples of Goods to It \ tranfmitted by the Poll at an rafter Pate than is now allowed by Lav; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwkli* (landing,

IV.	And be it further ehafted, That all the Powers, Prori-fions, Privileges, Advantages, Difabilities, Penalties, Forfeitures atd Diftribution thereof, and all Claufes and other Matter* and Things contained In arty A ft or Ads of Parliament in force at the time of pafflflg this Aft, relating to the Pott Office, or any Rates at Duties payable on the Port or Conveyance of Letters Or Packets (and not repealed or altered by this Aft), (hall, fo far as the fame are applicable, continue in force, and be applied and extended, and (ball be conflrued to apply and extend to this prefent Aft, atid to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fafne had been particularly repeated and re-fcnafted in the Body of this Aft.

V.	And be it fuither enafted, That the feveral Rates and Duties hereinbefore granted (hall be paid from time to time into the Hands 6f the Receiver General for the time being of the Revenue of the P6ft Office, who (hall pay the fame (the neceffary Charges for eol-leftihg, paying and accounting for the fame being firft deda&ed,) into the Receipt of His Majesty's EkcheqUer, on futh Days and Times, and in fbch mariner as "the prefent Rates and Duties ate dirtfted by LaW to be paid, rind the faid Duties fo to be paid into the laid Receipt as aforefaid (hall be carried to and made Part of the Cofifolidated Fuhd of Great BrtUtbi*

VI* Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all the Mbnies arifing and to arife by the faid Rates and Duties, or Say of them, (hall be deemed art Addition made to tlie Revenue for the Purpofe oF defraying the IntreSfed Charges occafiooed by arty Loan thade or to be made, or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Aft or Afts patted or to be patted in this Seffion of ParHaffwot.

VII. Provided always, and be it ertUfted, That the CoMmifiiotiers bf HiS Majesty’a Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three br more of them, or the Lord High Tteaforer for the time bring, (hall for the Period of Teh Years from the Commencement of tins Aft catffe a feparate and dHlinft AcCbrtnt of the additional Doties granted by this Aft to be prepared and annually laid before Parliament, purfuant to an Aft patted in the Fbrty lecond Year of the Rrign of Hrt prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad fht dkrffing certain Public Accounts to he laid annually before Parliament, etnd for difsmb tihmog cerlah1 other Forms of Account now in ufe ; and the Monies

arihog



- *8i2.

$2* GEO. in.	C.88,89.	s°9

from the faid additional Duties (hall be deemed a permanent afi to the Public Revefittt of Great Britain, for the Purpofe of any increafed Charge occafioned by any Loan made or t erfeated* by Authority of any Aft Of Parliament puffed or to ira in the pfeferti Srffioh off rarliamerff

41. Afcd Bt? it further enabled, That if &riy Perfbri Or PerfOns General Iflue. r«L liny thne df times be fuedj tfiolefted or protected for any by bitn, her or theni done or executed in pUrfuance of this car of any Claafb, Matter or Thihg herein contained, fuch Per-r Terfttns fhall and may plead the General I flue* and give the «I Matter in Evidence for his, her or their Defence ; and if *I!e Trial si Verdlft (hall pai? for the Defendant or Defendants* r Pl^ihttff or Plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, then fuch Deri* or Defendants fhall have I'reble Cods to him, her or them Treble Colts, fl any fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

1- And be it further eiiafted,	this	Aft	maybe	altered.	Aft altered, &c.

I or repealed by any A£t or Ads to be made in this prefent »li bf Parliktaeht.

CAP. LxXXlX.

For charjj ng an additional Duty on Copper imported to Great jBrttain, until the Expiration of Six Calendar oritHs after ihe Ratification of a definitive Treaty of

............................. [0th^/yi8.*.]

|fcy H.EREAS it is expedient* that the Duty on certain Sorts ▼ of Copper imported into threat Britain mould be increafed . a limited time :* May it therefore pleafe Your Maiefly that it be enacted 5 and be it enafted by the King's Moil Excellent

bv and with the Advice and ConTetit pf the Lords Spi-1 arid Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament af->b?d, and by the Authority of the Fame, That, from and after Additional Duty palling. of this Aft. there ihall be railed, levied, collected and of aol paid for tirito His Majcdy, his Heirs and SUccejfors, an additional Duty ®v«yTon of Irijxoriis of Twenty Pounds for every Ton Weight of Copper of ^^hadcou^ ToHowing Defcriptions, imported into G retit Britain, and not Exportation.1 ehpufca Tor Exportation 5 videlicet, Copper in fericks or Pigs, e Copper, Cad Copper, Copper in Plates, Copper Coiti, and >per in Bars, Rods or Ingots* hammered or raifed, and Copper z anA tfrat on the due Exportation of any fuch Copper, on pn tire Duties by this Aft, impofed fhall have been paid, there 1 be paid and allowed a Drawback of the Whole of the faid Sea 1 which additional Duty and Drawback fhall be managed. Levied and p;id ed, levied, cdllefted, paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated ar.d as Duties and Kea in fucb and the like manner, and by the fame Ways, Means Drawbacks by Methods, in every refpeft, as tne Duties and Drawbacks of	*9*-

(loins impofed and allowed by an Aft palled in the Forty ninth ar of His prefent Majcfty’s Reign, intituled An Ad for repealing ftveral Duties of Cujloms chargeable in Great Britain, and f.r in dag other Duties in lieu hhcYtof, &fe friahkged, raifed, levied, colled, paid, recovered-, allowed* appropriated and applied.

II. And be it further enafted, iThat this Aft fhall continue in Co»unuan« rce until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratifi- of Aft.

XuStk bf k delWtivd Treaty of £fe4ce.



Google^ P'

5io	C.9o>9i>92*	5 2° GEO. III.	A.D.1812.

CAP. XC.

An Aft for raifing the Sum of Five hundred thoufand Pounds by Treafury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve. [9th July 1812.] 44 Irish Treafury may ilTue Bills to a certain Extent to bear la* “ tereft. f 1. Bills iflued not to exceed j£ 500,000. Bills, if not “ paid off, (hall be taken in Payment of the Revenue in Ireland “ after fuch time as the Treafury (hall appoint, and Intereft (hall 44 ceafe. $ 2, 3. Money to be carried to the Ir'tjh Confolidatfd 44 Fund. $4. Bills to be chargeable thereon. § 5. Bank of Ireland “ may advance the Sum of ^500,000. on the Credit of this 44Aft. § 6.

CAP. XCI.

*7 G. 3. I.) C. 40.

36 G. 3. (I.)

C.13.

44 G. 3. c.90. IrifhAds further continued.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty feventh Year of His prefent Majesty, for the better Execution of the Law and Prefervation of the Peace within Counties at large.

[9th July 1812.]

*	TTTHEREAS an Aft was made in the Parliament of Ireland a

*	VV the Twenty feventh Year of His prefent Majeily's Reign,

*	intituled An A9 for the better Execution of the Law and Preferva*

4 tion of the Peace within Counties at large ; which (aid recited A&

4 was continued and amended by an Aft made in the Parliament of

*	Ireland in the Thirty fixth Year of His prefent Maiefty's Reign, 1 4 intituled An Ad for the better and more convenientAdmimifration of

4 Juflice, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a fummary W'ay, at 4 the SeJJions of the Peace of the feveral Counties at large within this 4 Kingaom% except the County of Dublin ; and for continuing and € amending an Ady intituled An Ad for the better Execution of the Law 4 and Prefervation of the Peace within Counties at large ; and which 4 faid recited Aft was further continued by an Aft made hi the 4 Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majesty's Reign, and is now

* near expiring j and it is expedient that the fame (hould be con*

4 tinued Be it therefore enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Aft made in the Twenty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majclty, as the fame is amended by the faid recited Aft made in the Thirty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, (hall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and (hall be in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen.

CAP. XCII.

An Aft to continue, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, certain Afts ior appointing Commillioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Per-*	•	.	.	quifites



Google

quifites and Emoluments received in feveral Public Offices in Ireland ; to examine into any Abufes which may exift in the fame, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, ifluing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland.

[9th July 1812.]

*	TTTHEREAS an Ad was made in the Forty fourth Year of 4 VV His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An AS for appoint-4 mg, until the Fifth Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and

*	five, Commiffioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Per quifites

*	and Emoluments which are or have been lately received in the feveral 1 Public Offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any 4 Abufes which may exift in the fame, and into the prefent Mode of 4 receiving, colleSing, iffuing and accounting for public Money in Ire-4 land; and the laid recited Ad has, by certain Ads made in the 4 Forty fifth. Forty feventh, Forty ninth,' Fiftieth and Fifty firft 4 Years of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, been continued with Amend*

*	ments until the Firft Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and 4 twelve : And whereas it is expedient that the faid recited Ad of the 4 Forty fourth Year as amended by the faid other recited Ads, (hould 4 be continued in manner. hereinafter mentioned ;’ Be it therefore m&ed by the King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Ad of the Forty fourth Tear aforefaid, as amended by the faid other recited Ads, (hall be and the faid Ads hrd hefeby further continued until the Firft Day of

One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

II.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Lords Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Trealury in Ireland, or the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to iflue and caufe to be iflued over and it>ove the Sum9 mentioned in the faid recited Ads of the Forty fourth, Forty feventh, Forty ninth, Fiftieth and Fifty firft Years aforelaid, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Two thoufand Pounds to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the Commiffioners under the hid recited Ads or any Three or more of them, (hall by Writing under tbeir Hands defire or dired, out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer in Ireland; which Sums fo iflued and paid (hall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Meffengers and other Officers, and in defraying all other neceffary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, and in fuch manner, and in fuch Proportions as (hall be appointed by the faid Commiffioners or any Three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf; and that fuch Sums (nail be accounted for by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be iflued or paid according to the Courfe of His-Majefty’s Exchequer of Ireland, Without any Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the ifluing or Payment of the fame on the palling of the faid Accounts, other than fuch Sum as the faid Commiffioners or any Three or more of them (hall appoint.

C A P.

44 G.3. c. 106^

45 G. 3. c.65. 47 G. 3. SeflT. 1. c.41.

49	G 3. c. 51.

50	G.3. c. 81.

51	G. 3. c. 81.

Further con» tinued.

Treafury of Ireland may iflue a,ocol. for Payment of Clerks, See.



jv GEO. III.





C.93*

Additional Duties on Male Servants;

Carri ijres; Hori'es;

Mules;

Dogs ;

Horle Dealers;

OameCertifi-

Mtes.

4*0. .v 5.

30 G. 3 c. 104. Duties ccnloli-dated with formtr Duties

CAP. XCIJI.

An Aft far .granting to His Majesty jcertaia Jftew and additional Duties of Afleiled Taxes; and for xoofcdidaliug the fcme with the former Duties of Aflefied Taxes. [9th July 1812.]

‘ Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	WJ ^t;ur Majcfly’s m<dt dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Goro-

*	VV mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ajud irxlajJ, t in Parliament aflerablrd, have, towards railing the nqce&ry £yip-« plies to defray Your Majefly’e Public Expdnces, and jmakiog •

<* permanent Addition to the Public Revenue of Great Bfitain» irtrif

*	and voluntarily refulxed ,to grant certain new ar\d additional Dutk*,

*	in -the manner and to the Amount contained in the xefpeifcre ‘ Schedules hereunto annexed $* and we do mofl humbly jhefcech Your Majesty that it .maybe enacted ; and be it goa&ed by lb? King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and .with the Advice and Coo-fen t of die tLords Spiritual .and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeut Parliament iffembled, and by the Authority .of the fame, That there ihall.be affisfTcd, .railed, -levied and .paid, unto and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succcffors, throughout Great , Britain in refpeft of Male Servants, and other Male Perfons retained J or employed by any Perfon or Perfpns in any of the feveral Capa-1 cities mentioned in the Scliedule to,this Aft aqnexcd marked {C.J; and in refpeft of Carriages of any of the Descriptions mentioned ip the Schedule to this Aft anurxed marked (D.). apd the Makers and Sellers thereof refpeftivelyand in rpfpeft of Horfes, Marcs and Geldings, kept by any Perion or Peifonsfor any of thePiupufe? mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed marked (£•); . and of all other Horfes, Mares .or <Geldings, not before .charged» f and upon Mtjles deferibed .in .the tSchodiilc .to .this Aft annexed j marked (F.) ; and of all Dog6 of any of the Dcfcriptiorvs men-tioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed marked (G ); jvud upon all Horfe Dealers reading within,the refpoftive Umits.deferibed in the Schedule,to this Ad annexed marked;(H.); and upon all Per* fons in refpeft of their .taking or killing iGame, or other Things.mentioned in the Schedule.to this Aft annexed marked (X,.), and as fat f forth in the faid Schedule ; .the 1 feveral new and additional Duties refpeftively inferted, deferibed and fet forth jukthe (laid Jexeral'Schedules, refpeftively marked as afo^efaid.

‘ II. And whereas it is.expedient that.tlie faidoew and additional ‘ Duties fhould be confulidated with.the Duties granted hy theTw°

■* feveral A^s paflbd in the Forty eighth ana .Fiftieth Yeap nf

*	His prefent Majesty’s Reign, on.the fame Articles rcfpeftiyely f Be it further enafted, That the.laid Duties granted by the.(aid Mte of the Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years aforefaid, (hall be confolkklcd with the Duties granted by this Aft on the.fame Articles reflectively 5 and that from and after the refpeftiye Periods mcptionod.vi this Aft, or in the faid feveral Schedules, fortbeCommencemeat of -the faid Duties refpeftively, the feveral Duties granted by the M Afts,and.this Aft,.(hallbeaffefTed, levied and paid, .in.one Sunwas fet forth and deferibed in the feveral Schedules annexed to this Ad, and the Rules therein refpeftively mentioned $ which feveral Schedules,



Google

A.D.i8«.

5*3

3a* CEO. HI.	C.93.

dales, Doties and Ridel, fhaH be coirftrued as part of this M, and as if the fame were incoiporated therewith under a foecial Eoaftmet*.

fII. And be \t further enafted, That the fan! new and confo-Ikbted Duties fhall be afleffed, raifed, levied, paid and accounted for under the Provifions and Regulation* of this Adi and of the faveral Aftsin force, at end immediately before the paffmg of this Aft, in relation to the Dufies granted by the faid Afts, of the ‘Forty eighth and Fiftieth Tears aforefaid, or of any Aft or Afts puffed or to be palled in the prefent Seflion of Parliament; ,and this Aft ‘(hall be conftrued in fuch manner, and to the like Effeft in all refpefts as if the Doties hereby granted and mentioned in the refpeftive •Schedules hereto annexed were exprefsly granted, under and fubjeft jto the fever*! Proxifions, Allowances and ‘Penalties in the *fa»d feveral Adis contained, as if the Tevcral Proviftons, Allowances and Penalties were exprefsly enabled in this Aft.; and ftiat from the refpeftive Periods ra the laid Schedules preferibed for the Commencement of the faid Duties, the Schedules to this Aft annexed (hall be ufed and praftifed m afeertaming and charging the feveral Rates of Duty, in lieu of the feveral Schedules for the like Purpofes contained in any of the faid A&s before mentioned, whidh laft mentioned Schedules, and the Rules and Exemptions therein contained, fha'll from thenceforth re-fpeftively pcafe and determine ; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Direftions, Penalties/Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things contained in fuch Afts refpeftivfty, fo far as the tore are refpoftively applicable to the Duties grantedhy this Aft, acept where other-Provifions are made in this Aft, fhftl feverally and rtfpeftivcly in the Execution df this Aft, be duly obferved, pra&Hed and put in Execution throughout the refpeftive Parts of Great’Britain aforefaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the:fame Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Di-rc&ions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things (except is aforefaid,), were particularly and refpeftively repeated and re-enafted in the^ody of this Aft, and fhall* Severally be applied, con-ftrued, deemed and taken to belong to this Aft, in like manner as if the famrhad*been enafted therein, and exprefsly applied*to the Duties hereby granted, (except as aforefaid).

IV.	Atid*be it further enafted, That the 'Perfons appointed or to-be appointed Affeffors of the Duties granted by the faid Afts of the ’Forty eighth and Tiftieth Years aforefaid for the current Year, commencing in ‘England and IVales from the Fifth Day of if/ri/jDoe thoufaml eight hundred and twelve, and in Scotland irom the Twenty fourth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, fliall, and they are hereby authorized and required, as foon after the pafling of this Aft as conveniently can be done, to give or leave at every Houfe, and to every Perfon refiding therein, who ffoll he fcparately chargeable to the Duties by this Aft granted, and to cvenr Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Society or Partnerfhip of Perfons fo chargeable, luch Notices in Writing as may be-conformable to the Schedules in this Aft contained, and neeeffaryto obtain a due Affcffment of the Duties granted by this Aft for the current Year commencing as aforefaid, requiring fuch Parties refpcc-titety to prepare and produce, within Twenty one Day3 next enfuing the Date of fuch Notice, a Lift or Lifts, or Declaration or Declarations in Writing, in the Forms and in-tbe manner hereinafter requited.

V.	And



Additional Duties how railed.

Sched ules, ire. made toce&fe.

Notifies* left,of

additional Duties requirjijf Returns.

5*4

C-93*

.53° GEO. IH.

A.D. 1811.

Perfons liable to return Lifts of A nicies kept in preceding Year.

Additional Duties aflefTed fr r Current Year,

wcctpt on Game Certificates, which commence from 3th April 1813.

In certain cafes udditional Duties :• Hefted without iuather Returns*

V. And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Society or Partnership, who Shall have employed any Male Perfon fpecified or deferibed, or intended to be fpe* cified or deferibed in the Schedule to this Ad annexed marked (C ), or (hall have kept any Carriage fpecified or defcnbid, or intended to be fpecified or deferibed in the Schedule to this Ad annexed marked (D.), or (hall have carried on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or have fold or repaired any Carriages in the faid Schedule mentioned, or kept any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, fpecified or deferibed, or intended to be fpecified or deferibed in the Schedule to this Ad annexed marked (E.), or any other Horfe, Mare or C elding, or Mule fpecified or deferibed, or intended to be fpecified or deferibed in the Schedule to this Aft annexed marked (F.;, or any Dog fpecified or deferibed, or intended to be fpecified or deferibed in the Schedule to thi6 Ad annexed marked (G ), or who (hall have ufed or exercifed the Trade or Bufinefs of a Horfe Dealer, as fet forth in the Schedule to this Ad annexed marked ( H.), within the Year preceding the Fifth Day of April and the Twenty fourth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twelve refpedively 2s aforefaid, (hall, (in every cafe where a due and fufficient Return, , whereon the faid new or additional Duties hereby granted can be com- 1 puted, (hall not have been made purfuant to the faid Ads relating I to the faid prefent Duties on the fame Articles refpedively) within 1 Twenty one Days next enfuing the Date of fuch Notice, caufe to be prepared true and particular Lifts in Writing, figned by fuck Perlon, Corporation, Company,Fraternity, Society or rartnerihip, or on his, her or their Behalf, by fome Perfon or Perfons.duly authorized for that Purpofe, of the feveral Articles, Matters and Thingi, in refped whereof fuch Perfon, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, j Society or Partnerfhip, (ball be liable, and the particular Parifti or i Parifties where the Affeffment or Aflefiments of the Current Year is I or are intended to be paid ; which Lifts (hall refpedively contain j the feveral Matters and Things required by the feveral Schedules to this Ad annexed, or the Rules relating to the fame, and (hall be made in fuch Form and Manner as (hall be required in and by the faid Notices refpedively; and every fuch Perfon, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Society or Partnerfhip of Perfons, (hall be afieffed and charged to the faid new and confolidated Duties contained in the feveral Schedules in this Claufe mentioned, for the Whole of the Current Year, commencing as aforefaid, at the total Rate fpecified in the feveral Schedules hereinbefore mentioned, fubjed to fnch further Charges in default of fufficient Returns, and to fuch Power of Appeal as are preferibed and given by any of the Statutes in force in relation to the faid. Duties granted by the faid Ads of the Forty * eighth and Fiftieth Years aforefaid: Provided, that no AlTeffmeat of the faid additional Duties by this Ad granted and contained in the Schedule to this Ad marked (L.), (hall be made for the Current ■ Year, commencing as aforefaid ; which faid additional Duties laft mentioned (hall ieverally commence and take Efled from and after the Fifth Day of April and the Twenty fourth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, in the refpedive Parts of Gnti Britain, beione mentioned, and not before : Provided alfo, that where a due and fufficient Return (hall have been made before the paffingof this Act, according to the faid Ads relating to the faid prelent ,	Duties*



AJXi8i2.	520 GEO. III.	C.93.	515

Duties, whereon the {aid additional Duties on the like Articles can be charged and aflefled, purfuant to the Rules contained in the laid feveral Schedules, without any further Return for the Current Year, it {hall be lawful for the refpedive Commiflioners to caufe the faid new and additional Duties to be computed and charged on the Returns fo made purfuant to the faid Ads, at the total Rate of the faid prefent and additional Duties for the Current Year, fubjed to Appeal as by the faid Ads is direded

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That in every Commiflioners cafe where the AfTeflrnents of the faid Duties, granted by the faid authorized in Ads of the Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years atorefaid, (hall have cerJain c*fe*t0 been or {hall be completed before the Retunis required by this Ad Affe^imwitof can be made of the feveral Articles on which new or additional additional Duties are by this Ad granted, it (hall be lawful for the refpedive Duties for Afleflors and Commiilioners ading in the Execution of the faid Ads Current Year, and this Ad, and they are hereby required, in every fuch cafe, to

make feparate AfTeflrnents for the prefent Year, of the faid new and additional Duties by this Ad granted, and to caufe the fame to be colle&ed, under the fame Regulations and Provifions, in all Tefpeds, as if the faid new and additional Duties had beeo added to the Afleff-ments of the faid prefent Duties, in purfuance of the Diredions of this Ad before mentioned.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That every Perfon, Corporation, Returns made of Company, Fraternity, Society or Partnerlhip, liable to the laid new confolidated

or confolidated Duties, (hall, in every Year, commencing after the litres m every Determination of the Current Year as aforefaid, caufe to be prepared ™ture Year* tid delivered to the refpedive Afleflors for that Year, or Perfons idiog as fuch for their refpedive Diftrids, Parifhes or Places, or one of them, true and particular Lids as direded by the faid feveral Statutes in force as aforefaid and this Ad ; which Lifts {hall be prepared in the Form herein prescribed, and as direded by this Ad, and {hall renew the fame in the fame manner in every Year fo long as fuch Perfon, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Society or Partnerftiip, lhall be liable to the faid Duties, or any of them, and {hall be thereafter annually chargeable according to fuch Lifts, which ought to be delivered in each Year, by fuch ways and means as are direded by the faid feveral Statutes in force as aforefaid and this Ad 5 and every AffelTment fo made {hall be deemed an Afleflment for the Year in which fuch Lifts ought to be delivered.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the Perfons Gommiffioneri who now are or for the time being fhall be Commiflioners for putting under former in Execution the faid Ads refpedively, and who {hall be refpedively

qualified and authorized to ad, and who {hall have taken the Oaths Aga as direded by the feveral Ads before mentioned, or any of them refpedively as aforefaid, {hall be Commiflioners for putting in Execution this Ad, and the Powers herein referred to or contained, in all and every the refpedive Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs,

Cinque Ports, Towns and Places, privileged or not privileged,

within England? Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, and in all- and

every the Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs in Scotland; and other Officers

the feveral Afleflors, Colledors, Surveyors and Infpedors refpedively under former

appointed, or to be appointed to put in Execution the faid feveral Ads may

Ads, lhall refpedively be Afleflors, Colledors, Surveyors and In* execute Ad.

52 Geo. III.	L1	v	fpedors



JLb.ttn.

C.JJ.



fpeftote *b pttt ki Execution this Aft, within the Limits of thor tefpe&ive Diftrifts or Divafions to which they are or fhall he rrfpee-tiv^Iy appointed ; and they refpeftively are hereby empowered and paired to do all things neceflTary for putting this Act in Execs-tfon, with relation to the Duties hereby impofed, in the like and in tfe fiftl and ample a manner as they or any of them are, is, or M be authorized to pat in Execution the laid fevered Ada; and tk Duties hereby granted, when paid, fhall he under the Care and Management of the Commiffioners for the Affairs off Taxes for the time teing, appointed or to be appointed by His *M^fty, his Hdfs or Saccendrs.

Doties carried to	IX. Atid be it further Cnafted, That all the Monies

ConfoUdettod the Duties hereby Impofed, or by tlte Duties hereby to

(4fhe necelTary 'ChWges of raffing and accounting for the lime citrine to time be into the -Receipt of I&

er at W&jbninfier m -one Sum, to the Accent 'bf Aflefled Taxes, and fhall be carried to tmd made Pan of thcCre-fbHdated Fund ofGreat Britain.

Account of new X. Provided always, and be it further ettafted, That the Cai* Duties kept for vnifRoners df His Majdty’s Treafory now or for the time berog, a

Xirjr Three *or more *m them, or the Lorfl High Treaftrrer for til time being, fhall for the Period of Ten Years from the Commend ‘ttient ‘Of this Adi, fcatfe feparate and 'dfltinft Accounts of the Prt ddee of the Duties payable hy virtue of this Aft to be prepiredi Office for Taxes, to be annually laid before Parliament, purfa

4» G. 3. c. 7a lo an Aft pafled in the Forty’fecodd Year of the Reign of H

feiit Majesty, intituled An JfQ for ifitr&hg ccttain Pt/bRck A Ho be hid*ttrfnu*Ify 'btfore ‘Parliament, tmdfot difeortthuAng certain otb ’Forttu tif Aectutit ritftu An ttfe ; and the Monies Urffing bom the Ca tldW and’additional Duties ihdl he deemed a pennanerit Tncreafel •the Public Revenue of Orettt Britain, for the Pmrpofe of defwyni airy incrfeUfed Charge oceftfionedhy any Loan made or Stock cma by Authority of tidy Aft df Parliament paffed or to he pdTed in t» ptdferft Seflion df Parliament.

Aft altered, &c. XL And be it further enafted, That this Aft, Or any tif rtre Pit-

Vifidns 'thetedf, may he altered, varied or repealed, by any Aft w Afts'tohc'irtade in this prefent SdOon of Parnattient.

L^OOQle

SCHEDULE

4£.«8ja.

5 2° GEO.^I.

C^>3.

5*7

SCHEDULES to which this A& refers.

SCHEDULE (C.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for every MALE SERVANT retained or employed by auy Perfon or Pei Ions in the feveral Capacities to be mentioned.

No. i.

NUMBER OF SERVANTS.	Amount of Duty for each Servant.
	£ s. d.
( For i fnch Servant - ,.r	040
2 Do. -	960
3 Do. -	090
' 4 Do.	090
5 Do. - - -1	0 9 0
’ * Do.	0 9 0
7 Do. - - - -1	090
8 Do.	090
9 Do. - - - - j	0 10 0
io Do. - - - -1	O ID 0
li Do. and upwards - - -	0 12 O
For every fuch Servant retained or employed by any	
j Male Perfon, never having been married, over and	
} above the before mentioned Duties, the further	
1 “Sum of -	0 6 0
j In Addition to the Duties granted thereon by the1	
Adi jelled in the Forty eighth Year of the	
Reign of His prefent Majesty.	



RULES relating to the faid Duties.

I. —The faid Duties to be paid by the Mailer or Mid refs of fuch Servants refpedlively, and to extend to apd be,payable for every Male .Servant retained or employed in any of the following Capacities ; that is .to fay, Maitre d’Hotel, Houfe Steward, Matter of the Horfe, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confedlioner, Cook, Iioufe Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Pottillion, Stable .Boy or Helper in the Stables of the Matter or Millrefs, Gardener, Park Keeper, Game Keeper, .Huntfman, Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants really adling in any of the faid Capacities (hall be called, or whether fuch Male Servants (hall have been retained or employed in One or more of the faid Capacities, (except where other Duties are impofed by this Adi on Male Perfons occa-fmnally employed in One or more of the faid Capacities,) and to every fuch Servant let to hire with any Carriage or Horfes for One Year, or any longer Period, and (hall be charged upon the created Number of fuch Servants which the fame Perfon fhall have kept at one time in the courfe of the preceding Year, in any of the Capaciti^ before mentioned.

L 1 2	II.—The



Google

To what Servants extended.

A.D.i8n-

5**

Servants in Taverns.

Gardeners.

Apprentices.

Game Keepers.

Coachmen, &c.

Grooms, &c.

c.93.

52* GEO. III.

Schedule (C.) No. 1. Rules — continued.

II.	— The (aid Duties (hall extend to all Servants in any of the

Capacities before mentioned, employed in Taverns, Coffee Houles, Inns, Ale Houfes, or any other Houfes licenfed to fell Wine, Ale or other Liquors by Retail, and in Eating or Vi&ualling Houles, and in Hotels or Lodging Houfes of whatever Defcription, although not licenfed, except Hoftlers and Helpers in the Stables of fuck licenfed Perfons, and Drivers employed by them to drive their Carriages with Horfes let out to hire, and except Waiters. -	j

III.	— The faid Duties on Gardeners (hall extend to every Gar-1 dener who (hall have contracted for the keeping of any Garden or Gardens wherein the conftant Labour of a Perfon (hall be nect£ fary, or where a Perfon (hall have been conftantly employed thei to be paid by the Perfon or Perfons for whofe Ufe and in wl Garden fuch Gardener or Perfon (hall have been employed, except hereinafter mentioned.

IV.	— The faid Duties (hall extend to all Apprentices retained

employed in any of the Capacities aforefaid, fave and except fuc Apprentices as (hall have been impofed upon any Mafter or Miftre under and by virtue of the Powers given to Magiftrates and Pari Officers by any A6fc or A&s of Parliament, fo as the Number of fo< Apprentices for whom this Exemption (hall be claimed by the fad Perfon (hall not exceed Two, being generally employed in the Affa of Huffiandry or Trade, and occanonally only in any of the Ca| cities herein enumerated, and not wearing Livery.	1

V.	—The faid Duties on Game Keepers (hall extend to every PI fon retained or employed to kill or preferve Game for the Ufe of i other Perfon or Perfons, whether lawfully appointed to kill or prefer Game or not, to be paid by the Perfon or Perfons retaining or a ploying fuch Perfons refpe&ively for the Ufes afore faid, exes Game Keepers, being the Servants of other qualified Perfons dl returned by and charged to the (aid Duties ax Servants of fuch otl Perfons.

VI.	— The faid Duties (hall extend to every Perfon who (hall employed in the Capacity of a Coachman, Poftillion, Groom Helper in the Stables, although fuch Perfon ihall have been retaiq for the Purpofes of Hufbandry, or any Manufa&ure or Trade, whe the Matter or Miftrefs of fuch Perfon (hall be chargeable with Dut for any Carriage (other than a Taxed Cart), or for Two or mat Horfes chargeable with the Duty on Horfes kept for the Purpofe riding or drawing Carriages as herein mentioned.

VII.	— The laid Duties (hall extend to every Perfon who ihaS 1 employed as a Groom, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stables of t Mafter or Miftrefs, to take care of any Horle, Mare or Gelding, tj Property of fuch Mafter or Miftrefs, kept for the Purpofe of i-aeh" or running for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money or otner Thing, in training for any of the faid Purpofes.



Google

SCHEDUL

I

,]8l2.

52 GEO. III.	C.93.	$19

SCHEDULE (C.)

No. 2.

'HEDULE of the Duties payable annually for MALE JERVANTS and other Perfons retained or employed in the everal Capacities herein mentioned.

every Under Gardener or Perfon employed to £ s. d, •rk in any Garden, under any Perfon chargeable the Duties mentioned in Schedule (C.) No. 1.$ every Gardener employed in any Garden where-tbe conftant Labour of a Perfon (hall not be ne-Tary ; and for every Gardener who (hall have con-fted for the keeping of any fuch Garden wherein conftant Labour of a Perfon (hall not be necef-p, the Sum of	-	-	-040

[n Addition to the Duty of 16/. granted by the Ads parted in the 48th and 50th Years of the Reign of His prefent Majesty.	|

Under Gardeners.

be paid by each Perfon in whofe Garden fuch Perfon (hall be By whom paid, red, and charged upon the greateft Number of fuch Servants the fame Perlon (hall have at one time employed in the fame ty is the courfe of the preceding Year.

4PTIONS from the Duties as fet forth in Schedule (C.)

No. 1. and 2.

Perfon employed by the Day or Week to work as a Day Day Labourers, rtr, at the ufual Rate of Wages for Day Labourers in Agri-, in any Garden belonging to a Dwelling Houfe, being a Houfe, and exempted as fuch from the Duties mentioned in tie (B.) of the Ad of 48th Geo. 3. Cap. 55. or in any Garden iog to a Dwelling Houfe, not chargeable to the Duties men-in the faid Schedule, fuch Garden not requiring the conftant rof one Perfon therein.

SCHEDULE (C.)

No. 3.

HEDULE of the Duties payable annually for every MALE RSON retained or employed in the feveral Capacities herein honed, and not chargeable to the Duties in Schedule (C.)

1.

very Male Perfon employed in the Capacity of	£ x. d.
as a Rider or Traveller, where the fame Em-lyer (hall keep or employ one fuch Male Perfon ly, the Sum of -	0 12 0
In Addition to the Duty of 2/. 8x. granted by the Ad parted in the 48th Year of the Reign of His pretent Majesty. where the fame Employer (hall keep or employ 3tc than one fuch Male Perfon, for each the Sum	1 20 0

Lis

Travellers.



Goog

In

5aa

Clerks, &c.

Stewards, &c.

Shopmen.

Walters.

Occafional

Waiters.

StaMckeepers*

Men.



C.y$.	5*‘GBO;IHv

Schedule (€.)l Wb*. 3. — continued-

In Addition to the Duty of 3/. ioj. granted by

the faid Ad‘.

For every Male Perfon employed fo the Capacity of, of as Clerk, Book Keeper of Office Keeper where the fame Employer ffiaE keep 6t employ <5tfe fuch Mate Perfon only, the Strtfl of -

In Addition to the Ditty of tl. 4*. gnaawd by the faid Ad;

And where the fame Employer (baft keep or employ more than one focti Male Perfon, for eaoh tile-Statf of

In Addition to the Duty of it. &f. granted by the faid Ad.

For every Male Perfon employed in the Capacity of, or as a Steward, Bailiff, Uverfeer of Manager o# Clerk under a Steward, Bb$#, OvOrfeer of Manager, the Sum of	-	-	-

For every Male Ferfon employed by any Perfon iff Trade as a Shopman, for the Purpofe of expofing to Sale,, or felling Goody, Wares or Merchandize, irr fetch Shop or Warehoufe, whether by Wholefaleor Retail, and every Male Perfon employed as a Ware-houfeman, Porter or Cellarman ih fuch Shop or Warehoufe* the Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of it. $r. granted ty the faid Ad.

And fot every Male Perfon fo emplbyecf, Wfceftf the Duty granted by the faid Aft ffiafl not be' chargeable, tne annual Sum 6f Fot every Male Perfon employed as Walter td Walt J on Guefts in any Tavern, Coffee Hotife, fnn, Ale Houfe, Eating or Vi&ualling Hou&, of In any fitotel or Lodging Houfe, except occafional Waiters, the Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of 2/. yj. granted by the faid Ad.

And for every Male Perfon fo employed, where the Ditty granted by the faid Ad (hall net be tbaige-1 able, the Sum Of -

.And for every Male Perfon fo employed as an oeea> fionai Waiter therein for the Period of Six Calendar Months in any Year, the Sum of -And if fo employed for a foffer Period thatt Six Calendar Months fo any Year* the Sum of And for every Male Perfon, not Befog a Sertfcfit, employed as an occafional Waiter in any private Houfe, not kfs than Six tnhes withih the Yeir* the Sum of	-	-

For every Male Perfon employed by iriiy Sttfefc Keeper, for or fo Expedatkm 6f Profit, to take Care of ahy Horfo, Mate or Gelding, kept for the Pbrpofe of racing ot running for any Plate, Prize,

Digitized lay Google

AJXifria.

A	t.

' O it 6

I	I

p o- 11 0 ■

i	I

; i o 0

• « a 16 r

4

2 £> 0 6 r$ 6

S 0 0

^ e ® .

100

100

Sam

A&i&iju

ja° GEO. IU.

Schedule (G.) No. 3. ~ caaiiwiL

C-9h

}U

O 16 O

a q Q



o 10 0

Sum of Money or other Thing, or any Horflr, & u d* Mare or Gelding in training for any of the (aid Purpofes, except Servants chargeable as Qrooms or Helpers m Stables by Schedule (C.) No. I. the Sum of	.	-	-

In Addition to the Duty of iL 4J. granted by the faid Ad.

And for every Male Perfon (o employed* where th*

Duty granted by the faid Ad (hall not be chargeable, the Sum of -For every Male Perfon retained for the Purpofes of Huibandry, Manu/adure or Trade wherein the Employer (hall feek a Livelihood, and at any time employed in any doroeftic Employment, in any of the Capacities enumerated in Schedule (C.) No. 1., and where the Employer ihall not be chargeable to the Duties in the faid Schedule, or to any other of the Duties in this Schedule, in refjpcd of fuch Male Perfon, the Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 6s, granted by the laid AA

And for every Male Perfon £0 retained and employed, where the Duty granted by the faid Ad (hall pot be chargeable, the Sum of -For every Male Perfon retained for the purpqfes of Hufbandry, Manufacture or Trade, and at any time employed in the Capacity of a Groom, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stable where the Mafter or Mil-tref|.(hall be chargeable for One Horfe to the Duty contained in Schedule (E ) No. 1. or to the Duty on a Taxed Cart, and not on any other Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Ad, and in refped of fuch Male Perfon (hall not be chargeable to the Duties in Schedule (C.) No. 1. or to any other of the Duties in this Schedule, the Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 6s. granted by the (hid AA.

And for every Male Perfon fo retained and employed, where the Duty granted by the faid AA foali not be chargeable, the Sum of -For every Male Perfon employed in apy of the Capacities enumerated in Schedule (C.) Np.i. and not being a Servant to his Employer or Employers, where fuch Employer or Employers (hall be charge* able to any of the Duties contained in Schedule (C.)

No. 1. or for any Carriage to tte Duties contained in Schedule (D.) No. 1. or No.a. or for more th30 One Horfe to the Duties coo taioed in Schedule (E*)

No. 1. the .Sum of	-

And where fuch Employer or Employers (ball PQt be fo chargeable to the {aid lait mentioned Duties the Sum or	-	-»	«	*

LI 4

040

o 10 o

a fc 9

Q Q

The

Servants in Huibandry.

Servants in Huibandry employed as Grooms.

Servants.

AJ3.t8f2*

S22	C.93.	$2*	GEO. III.

Schedule (C:) No. 3. — continued.

By whom paid. The Dutje8 to be paid by the Employer or Employers of {uch Male Perfons refpe&ively, and to extend to every Body Politic or Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, and to every Society, Fraternity or Partnerfhip, although not Corporate, employing fuch Male Perfons, and to every Trade, Manufa&ure or Concern whereby the Employer (hall feek a Profit or Advantage.

EXEMPTIONS to Schedule (C.) No. 3.

Apprentices ex- Any Apprentice bound for the Term of Seven Years, during the tmpted.	Term	of	his	Apprenticefhip	and	Service	with	his	original	Matter	or

his Affignee of the whole unexpired Term, where no Premium or other Confideration or Value (hall have been takeu or contracted for with fuch Apprentice.

SCHEDULE (C.)

No. 4.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on SERVANTS let to

Hire.

Coachmen, &c.	For every Coachman, Groom, Pottilliou or Helper,	£ s.
let to Hire.	kept for the Purpofe of being let to Hire for any Period of rime lefs than One Year, aud in fuch manner that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on Horfes let to Hire (hall not be payable by any Poftmafter, Innkeeper or other Perfon duly licenfed	
		
	to let Pott Horfes by the Commiffioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or by any Coachmakcr or Maker of fuch Car-	
	riages, or other Perfon, the annual Sum of  In Addition to the Duty of 2/. 4/. granted by the faid A&.	0 6 0
Stage Coach-	And for every Coachman kept for the Purpofe of driv-	
men.	ing any public Stage Coach or Carriage, for the Purpofe of conveying Paffengers for Hire to and from different Places, and for every Perfon employed as a Guard to fuch Stage Coach or Carriage, the	
	annual Sum of  The faid laft mentioned Duties to be paid by the Employer or Employers of fuch Perfons refpec-tively.	2 10 0

By wliom paid.

The faid Duties to be paid by the Perfon or Perfons keeping fuch publick Stage Coaches or Carriages, or letting to Hire fuch Coachmen, Grooms, Poftillions or Helpers; provided, that if the Perfon or Perfons hiring any fuch Coachman, Groom, Poftillion or Helper, (hall not make a Return thereof according to the Directions of the faid A6ts in force as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the progreffive Duty made payable by the faid A& of 48th Geo. 3d, Cap. 55. and

this



Google

ill.

C.93-:

S2» GEO. IH.

Schedule (C.) No. 4.— continued, t, as fet forth in the refpedive Schedules of the faid A At -(C.) No. 1. fhall be chargeable in refped of every fuch Ser-1 the Perfon or Perfons hiring fuch Servant, and making fuch as aforefaid, according to the Number of Servants employed her or them, in the manner directed by the faid Ad.

5*3

OPTIONS from the laft mentioned Duties as fet forth in Schedule (C.) Nb. 1. and 2.

The faid Duties not to be payable by any Perfon who fhall Servants in :ained or employed bona fide any Male Servant folely for the Hufbandry. s of Hufbandry or Manufadure, or of any Trade or Calling, h the Mailer or Miftrefs of fuch Servant (hall earn a Livelihood t, and who hath not at any time or Occafion, or in any manner, ny Purpofe, been employed in any of the Capacities enume-Schedule (C.J No. 1. and 2. nor in any of the Capacities ited in Schedule (C.)No.3# and 4. whereon any Duty is illy made payable.

The faid Duties not to be payable by any College or Hall College, &c. tither of the Univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the feve- Servants, eges of Weftminfter, Eaton or Winchefter, for any Butler, le. Cook, Gardener or Porter 5 nor by any of the Royal Royal Family'* for any Servant ading in any of the Capacities aforefaid. Servants. -The faid Duties not to be payable by any of the Royal Hofpital Sei-Js of Chrift, Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Bethlem, Saint vams* i, in the City of London and Borough of Southwark, or sr the Foundling Hofpital.

-The faid Duties not to be payable by any Officer hereinafter Officers Scr-

jd, fuch Officer retaining or employing as a Servant one Male VRnt**

only ; that is to fay, by any Officer ferving in any Regiment

fe or Dragoons tinder the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a

)fficer, for one Servant being adually a Soldier in the Regi-

Troop or Squadron to which fuch Officer fhall belong:

by any Officer ferving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry,

Marines, Royal Garrifon Battalions or Corps of Engineers,

Servant being adually a Soldier in the Regiment or Com-) which fuch Officer fhall belong :

by any Officer in His Majesty’s Navy, under the Rank of a and Commander, in adual Employ, for one Servant borne he Books of the Ship to which fuch Officer fhall belong: by any Officer on Half Pay from His Majesty’s Navy, Army trines, who fhall have been difabled by Lofs of a Limb or id received in His Majesty’s Service, for one Male Servant re-by him.

-The laid Duties not to be payable for any Perfons retained or Servants to yed in the above Capacities in the Room of others, who may Supply thole iled out under any Ad which has been patted, or which fhall fled for training and exercifing a Military Force within thefe rainm®* doms, during the time of fuch training and exercifing.

SCHEDULE

CjOO^LC

5**

Cm'ogtt.

Carriages.

"\

C*J>3*

GBQ.BE.



SCHEDULE (D.>

A SCHEDULE of tke Du tie* pwymbl* on alt Carnage* of

the Description* to bo montieoedl

No. i.

NUMBER OF CARRIAGES.

el

Duty for eacfe Carriage.

For Carriages with Four Whada* of the Descriptions mentioned m the faid Ad paired in the 48th Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty :

For 1 fuch Carriage the annual Sum of a	Do.

3	Do.

4	Dck

5	Do.

0	Do.

7	Do.

8	Do.

9	Do.	and upwards

And for every	additional	Body kept, to be fwccef

lively ufed on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels the further annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duties granted thereon by the Ad paffed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His prefeat Majesty.

£ 1. I

o xj

0	13

Q X*

1	o

1 3

*	S

a <S

*	7

*	7

Q 14 O

SCHEDULE (D.) No. 2.

For Carriages with Ws than Four Wheels, of the Descriptions mentioned in the Ads paffed hi the 48th and 50th Years of the Reign of Hit prefent Majesty: For every fueh Carriage, except fuch Carriages for or in refped of which other Duties are herein impeded, the annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duty of 5/. i8x. granted by the faid Ads of the 48th and 50th Years of the Reign of His prefent Majesty.

And for every fuch Carriage where the Duty granted by the ford Ads fhall not be chargeable, the annual Sum of

And for every facb Carriage, drawn by Two or more

Horfes, Mares, Geldings or Mules, the annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duty of 8/. p. granted by the £nd Aftt*

And for every additional Body kept, to be fucceffivdy ufed on the fame Carriage or Wbeeb, the farther

annual Sum of	-	-

In Addition to the Duty of 2/. i6x* granted by the faid Ad.

£ 1. d. o 13 o

6 10 o

o 15 o 1

070



Google

RULES

s* c3e0.ro.

c-93*

RULES' for charging the laid Duties in the Two foregoing Schedule*.

I.—The faid Duties to be refpe&ively charged for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calafb, Chaife Marine, Chaife, Sociable Or Caravan, with Four Wheels or more; and for every Calafh, Chaife Marine, Chaife, Curricle, Chair or Car, with lefo than. Four Wheels, or any Number thereof refpe&ively; and for every other Carriage with reur Wheels, or with Iefs than Four T^heels, con-flrutted for the like Purpofes, by whatever Name or Names the fame Ball be called or known, kept by any Perfon or Perfons ; and npon all fuch Carriages hired by the Year, or any longer Period;

upon all fuch Carriages kept to be let out to Hire; and upoa all fuch Carriages at any time employed to carry PafTengers for Hire, (except fuch Carriages for which other Duties are hereinafter made jnyable) ; and which Duties fhall be refpe&ively paid by the Perfon or Performs keeping fuch Carriages, and fhall be chargeable upon the Body, or if more than One, upon the Bodies of fuch Carriages reflectively, according to the Number thereof kept, and not in refpe& m the Wheels thereof, or any other Parts of fuch Carriages to which the Wheels (half be attached.

SCHEDULE (D.)

No. 3.

For Carriages hired for any Period of Time Iefs than ‘ £ s. d. One Year, or kept to be let to Hire, or to carry PafTengers :

For every Carriage kept for the Purpofe of being let to Hire, without Horfes to be ufed therewith, by any Coachmaker, or Maker of fuch Carriages, where foch Carriage fhall have four Wheels, the annual Sam of	-	-	-	-	0150

In Addition to the Duty of 11/. 5/. granted by the faid A& paffed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His prefcnt Majefly.

And where fuch Carriage fhall have Iefs than Four .

Wheels, the like Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2 of this A&.

For every Carriage kept for the Purpofe of being let to Hire, with Horfes to be ufed therewith, by any Poftmafler, Innkeeper or other Perfoa duly licenfed to let Poll Horfes, by the Commiflioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Velfom, Parchment and Paper, and whereon the Name or Names, and Pbrce or Places of Abode, of the Perfon or Perfons fo licenfed fhall be marked or painted, accord- | ing to the Dire&ions of the Afts in that cafe made

I and provided, and in fuch manner that the Stamp Office Duly fhall be payable by Law in refpeft of the Horfes ret therewith, and fhaw be duly accounted for by the Delifcry of a Ticket, according to the

Dire&ons

vjOOQIC

Carriages.

Chatfes.

A.D.i8i2.

526

Sujes.

Provifo.



c.93.

52° geo. in.

Schedule (D.) No. 3. — continued.

Diredions of the faid A As, where fuch Carriage {hall have Four Wheels, the annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duty of 9/. 9/. granted by the faid Ad of the 48th Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty.

And if fuch Carnage (hall have lefs than Four Wheels, the refpedive Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2. in Addition to the Duties refpedively granted thereon, by the faid Ads patted in 48th and 50th Years of the Reign of His prefent Majesty.

For every Coach, Diligence, Caravan or Chaife, with Four Wheels or more, or other Carriage with Four Wheels or more, by whatever Name the fame (hall be called or known, which fhall be kept and employed as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage, for the Purpofe of conveying PafTengers for Hire to and from different Places, and which fhall be duly entered as fuch with the faid Commiflioners of Stamp Duties, the like annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duty of 9/ 9j. granted by the faid Ad paffed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty.

The faid laft mentioned Duty to be paid by the Perfon or Fer-fons keeping the fame for the Purpofe aforefaid.

Provided, if a due Return thereof fhall not be made by the Hirer or Hirers according to the Diredions of the faid Ads relating to the faid prefent Duties, the progreflive Duty made payable by the faid Ad of the 48th Geo. III. Cap. 55. and this Ad, as fet forth in the refpedive Schedules of the faid Ads marked (D.) No. 1. fhall be chargeable in refped of every fuch Carriage on the Perfon or Pler-fonS hiring the fame, and making fuch Default as aforefaid, fubjed to the Provifions contained in the faid Ads concerning the fame.

And if fuch Carriage fhall have lefs than Four Wheels, the refpedive Sum$ made payable by the faid Ad of 48th Geo. 3d. and this Ad, as fet forth in the refpedive Schedules of the faid Ads marked (D.) No. 2. fhall be chargeable and paid by the Perfon or Perfon8 hiring the fame and making fuch Default, fubjed to the like Provifions as aforefaid.

SCHEDULE (D.)

No. 4.

For Taxed Carts.

For every Carriage with lefs than Four Wheels, to be drawn by One Horfe, Mare or Gelding, and not otherwife, which (hall be built and conftruded wholly of Wood and Iron, without any Covering other than a tilted Covering, and without any Lining, and with a fixed Scat without Slings or Braces, and without any Ornament whatever, other

d.



Google

than

Schedule ( D.) No. 4 — continued.	
than Paint of a dark Colour for the Prefervation of the Wood or Iron only, and which fhall have the Words •' A Taxed Cart,” and the Owner’s Cliriftian and Surname, and Place of Abode, and alfo the Name and Place of Abode of the Maker thereof, and the full Value thereof, or the aftual Price or Confideration paid or given for the fame, marked or painted on a black Ground in white Letters, or on a white Ground in black Letters, on the Outfide of the back Pannel or back Part of fuch Carriage in Words at full Length, and in Roman Charafters, each of the Letters thereof being at leaf! One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and which (hall be kept by any Perfon or Perfons for his, her or their o?wn Ufe, and not for Hire, there fhall be charged the refpec-tive Duties hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, For every Carriage called a Taxed Cart, built and conftru&ed according to the Regulations before mentioned, and which fhall be conitrufted without any Spring or Springs of any Materials whatever, and the Price of which (Repairs excepted) fhall not have exceeded, or the Value thereof fhall not at any time exceed the Sum of 15/. Sterling, and which fhall not at any time be ufed with a covered or fluffed Seat or Cufhion fixed or not fixed there-	£ t. J.
to, or with a covered Footboard or Apron fixed or not fixed thereto, the ajinual Sum of  Iti Addition to the Duty of 1/. 6/. 6d. granted thereon by the Aft pafTed in the 50th Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty.  And for every Carriage called a Tax Cart, built and' conftrufted according to the faid Regulations, with a Spring or Springs of any Materials whatever, except of Iron, Steel or other metallic Subftance, or any Compofition of Iron or Steel, or other metallic Subftance, either wholly or in Part, the original Price of which Carnage fhall not have exceeded, or the Value whereof fhall not at any time exceed the Sum of Twenty one Pounds Sterling, or which fhall be ufed with a covered Or (tutted Seat or	026
Cufhion fixed or not fixed thereto, or with a covered Footboard or Aprou thereto fixed or not fixed, the 'annual Sum of -  In Addition to the Duty of 2/. lor* granted thereon by the Aft pafTed in the coth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty.  And for every Carriage with lefs than Four Wheels, conftrufted with a Spring or Springs of Iron, Steel or other metallic Subftance, or any Compofition of Iron, Steel or other metallic Subftance, the i rtfpeftive Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2.	O  O

in

LaOOQle

A JO.

/ja8

Cpj.	5a®	<KE0.	ill.

Schedule (D.) No 4. — r**/wrflrft/.

in Addition to the refpedtive Duties granted hy; the faid Ads pafled in the 48th and 50th Yeassof) the Reign of His prefent M^jefty, on Carriages, with lefs than Four Wheels.	,

All which Duties in reaped .of Carriages herein mentioned (hall be charged upon and paid Jby the Per (on or Perfons keeping the &me<re£>ec~ ively.___________________________________________

*

4.

d.

lxctption.	Save	and except always all Carriages built .and cou&m&ed 4

aforefaid, belonging to any Peribn or Perfons who *re or ihall fc liable to be aitelFed do the before mentioned Duties in wtfpaSt of Four-wheeled Carriage or who are or rjhall be liable *o be to the before mentioned Duties on Male .Servants, ODsUiped i Schedule (C.) No. 1. in refped of Two fuch Male Servants, arhic Perfons refpe&ively (hall be .charged 'for fuch Canringea, akhoug built and conftru&ed as aforefaid, at the Rate preforibod in *ibe a fpe&ive Schedules marked (J>.) N0.2. of thefaid AA of 4&*h Geo.; c.55. and this Ad, for Carriages with lefs than Four Wboala.

EXEMPTIONS fromthe ;fcwri DUTIES in Schedule (*D.) No.a..a. g. and.4.

Royal Family.	Cafe L — Any Carriages belonging to His Majesty, or any *of li

Royal Family.

Hackney	Cafe	11. —Any Coaoh -or Coaches, licenced ;by the ComnriffioDqi

°*c ***	for Hackney Coaches within ‘the Cities of London and -WuftminfUi

and the Suburbs thereof, t\o (be tried as HackneyCoadhes (thare, as %	oiuntbened	according	to	Law.

Coach Makers.	Cafe III.—Any Carriage kept by -any Conchmaker-or Maker c

Caniages for Carriages, at^any time writer the Fifth Day *«tf April *One thoufao e*	eight	hundred and eleven, bona fide (for the cPnqurie of ^ale or a

being lent 'to any (Ferfon Whole' Carriage bang ofthe fame Denoni nation or Defcription dbdll he then nuking, mending or*rpamug b; fuch Coachmakeror Maker-Of Carnages, and during the Time thi fame (hall be neceffarily undsr (Repair ; provided >fuch Carriage fhal not at any time, wtbilft in the iFofleflion of ■Cuch Coaebmaier a Maker of Carriages, be,employed dor his or her-own Life, *or let w hire, or othorwlifedent than as afowriaid.

Qtru.	Cafe	IV. —Any Common Stage'Cart .Which fhalbbe kept truly ai^

without Ftaudto be ufethwhollydn the Affairs of Htifbantiny, or « the Carriage of (Goods in'the Couric -of Trade^and whereon the*Nara and PlacedflReftdenae oftbe*Owner,andthe Words ^Commoo^St^ “ Cart” fhallbe:fogtbly painted, although tbcOwitr, oritur-or &a ^Servant, (hall or may, -for the Purpofe of driving-orcoisduAmg dtf fame only, ocoafionally ride thcrein^or thereonwhen laden-or whea returning from any &]aoe to which,-or-When going to any iPlace frna which any Load fhall (bore tan *or <fh*ll ‘be to he ^carried in fuch Cart in the Couffe of (Hu/bandry ^or Trade*; »or which dhall he ofnl for conveying the Owners thereof Nor their Families to^orrfrom at f Place of Divine Wotffhip -on Sunday, or 'on>Chri&mu9 'Day, -or pa Good Fridays r on any iDay^ppoirtwd'for-atPublic rEaft^or^Thankh giving; oHforcarryingiBarfons-going>to er«*oui»riogfrom^fic Lire*

tiooi



A.D.JJI4.

S* GEO.OL

C.93.

Schedule (IX) Exemptions — continued. tions of Members to ferve in Parliament; in cafe fuch Carriage (hall not have been or be ufed for any other Purpofe of .Riding thereon dt therein, Cave as rforefaid, or lhall not have "been or be Jet to hive for my of fuch Purpcfes «f riding therein or thereon.

SCHEDULE (DA

No. 5.

fc SCHEDULE of the Duties jjayahile by Coach makers and Makers of other Carriages, chargeable with Duty by this Ad, and on Carriages made, fold or repaired as herein mentioned.

Coachmaflter or Maker of any Damages chargeable with Duty by this Ad, and l\y every Dealer therein, the annual (Duty of	-	-	-1

In Addition to the Duty of 6s. framed thereon' by the Ad paffeti in the 48th Year df the. Reign of His prefent Majesty ;

And where the Duty granted by the laid Ad (hall not be chargeable thereon, the annual Sum of By every fuch Coachmaker or Maker of fuch other Carnages «b xferefeid, and by ‘every Dealer therein,1 for every fuch Carriage with Four Wheels which he erdhe’fhoU make,build, corfftrud fer*&ale or‘foil, the Sum of	-

In Addition to «tbe Duty df <ll. si. *61/. .granted thereon by the faid Ad ;

And where the Duty granted by the -fold Ad'fhall -not be chargeable thereon, the Sum of And for every fuch Carriage with Wfs ttian Tour ! Wheels which he or (he (hall make, build, conftrud for Sale or fell, the Sum of In addition to tbe Duty of vvs.vfl. granted thereon by the faid Ad ;

And where the Duty granted thereon >fhall not -be | chargeable by the faid Ad, the Sum of fiy every Maker or Makers of, or Dealer

l riage built,  —1 "r~J —~*

Re* * *

Ad, Nthe annual Sum of	«-

In Addition to the Duty of is.6Jf. gran thereon by the faid Ad 5 Lnd where tbe Duty granted by the faid A£l (hall be chargeable,thereon, the annual Sum of By every fuch Maker or-Makers of Carriages as aforeitud, for‘every fuch Carriage which me, or or they (hall make, build or conftrud for Sale, fell, the Sum of -In Addition to the Duty of 2s/6H. grar thereon by the laid Ad ;	.

Lnd where the Duty grantsd'hytheifaid.Ad (hall be «alMirge«h4e -thereon, the Strm erf_-_____

iff	/. -4.
0	4 0
0	10 0 ,
O	2 6
1	5 0
O	* 3
O 42 6	
O	>0 6
O	3 0
>  O  1	c 6
I  - 0	"3 "O

SCHEDULE



S30

S2° GEO. III.

A.D. tin-

C- 93-

SCHEDULE (D.)

No. 6.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Perfons felling any CARRIAGES chargeable with Duty by this A &, by Au&ion or on Commiflion, to be charged in Addition to the Duties granted thereon by the A& palled in the 48th Year of the Reign of Hb prefent Majetly.

By every Perfon who lhall fell any Carriage chargeable with Duty by this ACt, by way of Au&ion or on Commiflion, for or in Expectation of Profit or Reward, the Duty of	-	-

For every fuch Carriage with Four Wheels, the Sum of

And for every fuch Carriage with Two Wheels, except Taxed Carts, the Sum of -And for every fuch Taxed Cart, the Sum of

£ t. d. '

O4O 0	2	6

o	I	3

030

SCHEDULE (E.)

No. 1.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for all HORSE MARES and GELDINGS, kept by any Perfon or Perfons I the Purpofe of riding, or for the Purpofe of drawing any Cam* chargeable with Duty by Schedule (D.) in Addition to the Da granted thereon by the A6t paffed in the 48th Year of the “ of His prefent Majesty.

NUMBER.THEREOF.		Amount of Doty for each Horfe, Min or Geldii>c.	
		£	x. d.
For. i fuch Horfe,	Mare or Gelding	O	4 0
For 2 fuch Horfes, Mares or Geldings		O	5 «
3	Do.	0	6 0
4	Do. «	O	8 0
5	Do.	O	8 6
6	Do.	O	8 6
7	Do.	O	9 6"
8	Do.	O	9 $
9	Do. -	O	9 *
10	Do.	O	9 6
11 -	Do. -	0	9 6
12	Do.	O	9 6 i
>3	Do.	O	9 6-1
14	Do.	O	9 6
*5	Do.	0	9 6
16	Do.	O	9 6
' 17	Do.	O	9
18	Do.	O	9 61
19	Do.	O	IO OB
20	Do. and upwards -	O	11 °m

RULI



Google

AJ).j8t*

52* GEO. III.

C.93.	5ii

RULES for charging the faid Duties.

Hie find Duties to be payable for every Horfe, Mare or Gelding, kept for the Purpofe of tiding, or of drawing any Carriage for which any Duty is payable by this Adt, or hired by the Year, or any longer Period, according to the greateft Number of fuch Horfes,

Mares or Geldings which the fame Perfon (hall have kept at one time in the Courfe of the preceding Year, and to be paid by the Perfon or Perfons keeping the fame, except as after mentioned.

EXEMPTIONS from the faid Duties in Schedule (E.) No. I.

I.	— Any Perfon dr Periods who (hall keep any Horfe, Mare or Hribandrjr Gelding, which (hall be ufed truly and without Fraud for the Pur- Horfei, &c.

£ofe of Hulbandry, or of drawing any Carriage (except fuch Carriages as are liable to any Daty by this Aft), or carrying Burthens

b die Courfe of the Trade or Occupation of the Perlon or Perfons to whom fuch Horfe, Marc or Gelding (hall belong, for one fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding ufed for riding, on the Occafions and in banner hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, when returning from |ay Place to which any Load or Burthen (hall have by fuch Horfe*

Ware or Gelding been drawn or carried, or in going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen (hall be to be brought back by fuch Borfe, Mare or Gelding, or for the Purpofe of procuring Medical UHtance, or for the Pdrpofe of riding to or from Market, or to or worn arry Place of Public Worfliip, or to or from any Ele&ion of Members to ferve in Parliament, or to or from any Courts of Juftice* fcr to or from aiyy Meeting of the Commiffionert of Taxes 5 provided fuch One Horfe, Mare or Gelding (hall not on any Occafioa %e ufed for any other Purpofe fare as aforefaid.

II.	— Any Perfon occupying a Farm a9 Tenant at Rack Rent, Farmsuoder the Rent of which (hall Se lefs than 70I. a Year, and making a aV^aratRack Livelihood folely thereby ; or any Perfon occupying any Eftate on &***•

any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent folely, or fuch Eitate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in ♦ the whole (hall be lefs thafa equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of 70I. a Year (reckoning the Value of every Eftate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to Double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent), and making a Livelihood folely by fuch his own Eftate, or

tfuch Eftate and Farm jointly, for One Horfe, Mare or Gelding, na fide kept and ufually employed for the Purpofe of Hufbandry so his (aid Eftate or Farm, although ufed occafionally for the Purple of riding.

III.	— Any Pevfon occupying a Farm as Tenant at Rack Rent, Horfe for Taxed tod making a Livelihood (okly thereby, or any Perfon carrying on t Trade, and making a Livelihood folely thereby, or making a Livelihood by fuch Occupation and Trade jointly 5 or any Eccle-* fiallical Perfon not pofleffed of Sn Animat Income of 100L or upwards* whether arifing from any Ecclefiaftical Preferment or otherwife, for

any uimage with lets than F01 made payable on Taxed Carts, j* Gao. HI.

Mm

Provided



Google

A.D. 1812-

53*

Provifo.

Provided always, that in every fuch cafe the faid Horfe, Mare or Gelding (hall be duly returned, and the Exemption hereby granted fhall be duly claimed in the manner and at the time direfted by this

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HORSES let to Hire,

For every Horfe, Mare or Gelding, kept for the Purpofe of riding, or of drawing any Carriage liable to Duty by this Aft, and let to Hire in any manner fo that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on	£ 1. i.
Horfes let to Hire (hall not be payable, the annual Sum of - - -	040
In Addition to the Duty of 2/. 13s. 6J. granted	
by the Aft paffed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty.	

To be charged on the Perfon or Perfons letting the fame ; provided, if a due Return thereof (hall not be made by the Hirer or; Hirers, according to this Aft, the progreflive Duty made payable by the faid Aft of the 48th Geo. 3. Cap. 55. and this Aft, as fet forth in the refpeftive Schedules of the faid A6ts, marked ( E.) No. 1.1 (hall be chargeable in refpeft of every fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding,! on the Perfon or Perfons hiring the fame, and making fuch Defaidt ] as aforefaid, fubjeft to the Provilions contained in this Aft coo-f cerning the fame.	*

SCHEDULE (E.)

No. 3.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on RACE HORSES.

For every Horfe, Mare or Gelding, bona fide kept for £	/.	d.

the Purpofe of racing or running for any Plate, Prize or Sum of Money or other Thing, or kept in training for any of the faid Purpofes, whether in the Stables of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Perfon or Perfons, the annual Sum of	*040

In Addition to the Duty of 2/. 13s.6d. granted by the Aft paffed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty.

The faid Duty to be charged on the Perfon or Perfons having the Cuftody, Care or Management of fuch Horfes, Marts or Geldings.

Aft.

SCHEDULE (E.)

No. 2.

A

SCHEDULE



Google

A.D. i8i2.

5 2* GEO. in.

531

C.93.

SCHEDULE (F.)

No. 1.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all other HORSES* MARES or GELDINGS, not charged with any Duty according to the former Schedules of this Act, and on Mules (except fuch other Horfes, Mares, Geldings and Mules for which other Duties are hereinafter made payable).

For every fuch other Horfe, Mare or Gelding, being of the Height of 13 Hands or more, of Four Inches to each^Hand, and for every Mule, the annual Sum of	-

In addition to the Duty granted thereon by the faid A.ft palled in the 48th Year of the Reign of His prefent Majcfty.

For every fuch other Horfe, Mare or Gelding, being, under the Height of 13 Hands, of Four Inches to each Hand, the annual Sum of

£ s. d. 070

030

SCHEDULE (F.)

No. 2.

h SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HORSES, MARES or GELDINGS, kept for the Purpofes of Hufbandry.

For every Horfe, Mare or Gelding, being of the Height of 13 Hands or more, of Four Inches to each Hand, bona fide kept and folely ufed for the Purpofes of Hufl>3ndry (except as hereinafter mentioned), the annual Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 14J. granted thereon by the Aft palled in the 48th Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty.

Any Perfon occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rent of which (hall be lefs than 20/. a Year, and making a Livelihood folely thereby, or occupying any Eftate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent folely, or fuch other Eftate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the whole {hall be lefs than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of 20/. a Year, (reckoning the Value of every Eftate occupied by the Owner thereof, or j on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to Double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent) and making a Livelihood folely 1 by fuch his own Eftate, or by fuch Eftate and Farm jointly 5 or principally thereby, and likewife a Profit by any Trade or Employment; and keeping not more than Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings or Mules, bona fide for the Purpofe of fuch Occupation, (hall be charged for each of fuch Two Horfes, Mares,

'• Geldings or Mules, the annual Sum of Mm2

£ s.

9 3

o o



Google

d.

6

2

lu

/

534

e*3-

50* GEO. HI.

Scheduje (F.) No. ?. — continued.

A.D. tfiit.

In Addition to the Duty of ax. tod. granted by the faid Adk.

Any Perlnu occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rem of which (hall be lefe than io/. Sterling a Year, and making a Livelihood principally thereby, or occupying any Eftate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent, or fuch other Eftate, together with a Fprm at Rack Rent, the Value of wnich in the whole fhall be iefs than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of io/, Sterling a Year, (reckoning the Value of every Eftate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to Double th£ Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent) and making a Livelihood principally thereby, and like wife a Profit by any Trade or Employment; and keeping not more than Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings or Mule*> bona fide for the Purpofes of fuch Occupation and of fuch Trade or Employment jointly, or either of them feparately, fhall be charged, lor each of fuch Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings or Mules, the annual Sum of	-

In Addition to the Duty of 2x. 10</. granted by the faid A6t.

£ x. d

002

E

RULES for charging the Duties asfet forth in Schedule (F.) No.

and 2.

The faid Duties to be charged on the Pcrfon or Perfons keeptf ir ufing fuck Horfes, Mares, Geldings or Mules, and to be payab or every Horfe, Mare or Gelding and Mule, which (hall not \ chargeable, nor have been charged with any Duty payable in tha Year according to the Schedule of the faid Aft of 48th Geo. ] Cap. 55. or the preceding Schedule of this A& refpettivcly markq (E.) No. 1. except as hereinafter is mentioned.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (F.) Now t. and

Any Perfon whatever for any Horfe, Mate or Gelding, which not at any time whatever have been ufed for auy Purpose of JLabon pr otherwife.

EXEMPTIONS to the (everal Duties an fet forth in the fevers Schedules marked (E.) and (F.J Roytl Family. Cafe I.—Any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, belonging to Hia Majesty or any of the Royal Family.

Ptftroafters,&c. Cafe II.—Any Poftmatter, Innkeeper or other Perfon bcenfed b that Purpofe by the Commiffiooers appointed to manage the £h charged on ftamped VeHum, Parchment and Paper in relpe^b of Horfe, Mare or Gelding, 1st to hire by him or her; provided tha fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding (hall in every cafe be bona fide let I Hire by him or her in fuch manner, that the Stamp Office Duty (ha be payable on fuch Horfes let to Hire on each letting; and (hall b

8	accounted!



Google

It 12.

5 2° GEO. III.

C.93.

Schedules (E.) and (F.) Exemption*—t*ntin*ed. ted for by Delivery of the Ticket denoting the Stamp Office payable, and be duly fetisfied and paid on each letting acCord-the Directions of the A & or Adb granting fuch Stamp Duty, t making Competition for the fame ; and provided that fitch Mare or Gelding (hall not, on any Occaflon, be tiled by fueh 1 Perfon, or any oilier, without fuch letting to Hire, and Pay-f Stamp Duty as aforefaid.

III.	—Any Perfon or Perfofrs duly Hceofed to keep ariy Gar- Swge Catch .hateeer, to be employed as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage Mtittrs.

Purpofe of conveying PafTengers for Hire from different Places

at Britain, in refpe& of any Horfes, Mares or Geldings, which (ball be a&ually and folely ufed and employed by fuch Perfon ans in drawing Inch Stage CoacW or Carriage from Place to

IV.	—-Any Perfon*licenfed by the Commiflioners for flackney Hackney ft within the Gitiea of London and Weft minder,- and the Coachm**.

>0 thereof* to keep any Hackney Coach or Conches* for any

, Martfs or Geldings* kept for the Purpofe of drawing fuch in refpeft of the Duties in the faid rCfpe&ive Schedules marked fo. 1. and for Two Horfes, Mares or Geldings, and nb more,

>rthe Purpofe of drawing, each Coach fo iicenfed in refpe& tb

ities in the faid refpe6tivc Schedules marked (F.) No. 1.

i V.—Any Dealer in Horfes afletied to the Duties made pay- Horfe Dealers.

j this A& on fuch Dealers, for any Horfe, Mare or Gelding,

ing to fuch Dealer, and kept bona fide for Sale, and not ufed

j other Purpofe or in any other manner.

t VI.—Any Perfon who on account of Poverty (hall be dif- Poor Perfon*. d from the Afleffment made in rcfpeift of his or her Dwellinjg , m purfuance of the Regulations of arty of the Ads Herem wed, for One Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Mule; provided fuch 1 (hall not keep more than One fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding Or and the feme (hall not be let to Hire.

! Vlf.—Any Re&or, Vicar or Curate, a&ually doing Duty Reaor,fcc. Church or Chapel of which he is Re&cr, Vicar or Curate, lall not be poffcned of ait Income of Sixty Pounds per Annum rards, whether arifing from Ecclefiafticaf Preferment or otheland who (hall not keep more than One Horfe, Mare, Gelding le, for the Purpofe of riding,, which otHerwife tfoiild be charge-ith Duty, according to the Provifions of this A£H except fuch iwho (haH occafioniaSly perform the Dirty appertaining to arty r, Vicar or Curate, without being the regular officiating Minilter Parilh or Place in which fuch Duty (kail be performed, b VIQ.—Any effeftive Officer commanding ar Volunteer Corps, Volunteer ftg and returning his Exemption for not more than Two Horles, Officer*, for Geldings kept for HisMajefty’s Service in fuch Corps.

■ IX.—Any Field Officer, not beirtg Commandant, and any Officer* and Print of any Volunteer Corps* and airy Perfon ferving in arty rate* of Volun* If Yeomanry Volunteer Cavalry, or providinga Horfe, Mare or tcw Cavalry.

{ for any othfcr Perfon fervmg irt any fuch Corps, whafhaU be 1 in the rttafrfttef requited by Law aa effeftnne, and as having ly Horfe, Mare or Golding, for fuch Service on the feveral if Muftcr and Exercife of fuch Corps; provided in every fuch tnuoned cafe tke Exemption fhall be claimed and returned in

A.D. i8n-

S 36

44 G.3. §U.

Soldiers.

C.93.	520	GEO.	III.

Schedules (E.) and (F.) Exemptions—continued. the manner required by the faid laft mentioned Aft; and a Certificate fhall be delivered of fuch effeftive Service in the manner requited by :. 54. the Eleventh Seftion of an Aft pafled in the 44th Year of the Reiga of Hi? prefent Majesty, intituled “ An Aft to confolidate and amend u the Provifions of the fevcral Afts relating to Corps of Yeomanry ** and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulation “ relating thereto/”

Cafe X. —Any Non Commiffioned Officer or Private of any oftbe Regiments of Cavalry, or in the Artillery, for any Horfc ufed in Hit Majesty’6 Service.

SCHEDULE (G.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on DOGS.

For every Greyhound kept by any Perfon, whether the fame be his or her Property or the Property of any other Perfon or Perform, the annual Sum of In Addition to the Duty of us. 6d. granted by the faid Aft pafTed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty.

For every Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, and for every other Dog, where any Perfon (hall keep Two or more Dogs, of whatever Defcription or Denomination the fame may be, except Greyhounds, whether the fame be the Property of him, her or them, or of any other Perfon or Perfons, the annual Sum of -

In Addition to the like Duty granted by the faid

Aft.

For every other Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher or Terrier, kept by any Perfon having One fuch other Dog. and no more, whether the fame be the Property of him, her or them, or any other Perfon or Perfons, the annual Sum of* -

In Addition to the Duty of 7/. granted by the faid Aft.

For every Pack of Hounds where the Duty is compounded for, the annual Sum of	-

In Addition to the Duty of 34/. granted by the faid Aft.

£ t. d

o 8 6

026

O I oj

2 0 0

The faid Duties to be paid by the Perfons refpeftively keepia fuch Dogs, or having the lame in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofft {ion, whether the fame be the Property of him or them, or of an other Perfon or Perfons, and not difeovering the Owner or Ownta thereof who (hall have been duly addled for the fame.

EXEM|

	1

A.D.i£i2.

537

52® GEO. III.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (G.)

Cafe I. — Any Dog belonging to His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family. Royal Family.

Cafe II. — Any Perfon who, on account of Poverty, (hall be dif- Poor Perfon. charged from the AfTeflment made in refpe& of his or her Dwelling Houle, in purfuance of the Regulations of the faid A£ts relating to the faid prefent Duties, and having One Dog, and no more, the fame not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel,

Lurcher or Terrier.

Cafe III. — Any Perfon in refpedl of a Dog or Whelp, which at Whelp*, the time of returning the Lift of Dogs as by the faid Ads relating to the faid prefent Duties (hall not adually be of the Age of Six Calendar Months.

Cafe IV.—Any perfon, in refped of the whole Number of Packsof Hound* Hounds by him or her kept in Great Britain, who (hall compound compounded for. for the fame, in any Year within Thirty Days after the 5th Day of April in fuch Year, in purfuance of Notice given to the Colle&or or Colledors of the faid Duty for any Parilh or Place, where fuch Perfon (hall be liable to be afleffed, of his or her Intention fo to do, and on Payment of the full Sum of Thirty fix Pounds Sterling to fuch Colledor or Colledors, for which a Receipt (hall be given within the Period before mentioned.

And where Two or more Perfons join in keeping or ufing fuch Hounds, then, in Default of their compounding for the fame as iforefaid, any or all of the faid Perfons (hall be chargeable for every fuch Hound kept by them, or any of them.

SCHEDULE (H.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by HORSE DEALERS.

Every Perfon who (hall ufe or exercife the Trade and £	d.

Bufinefs of a Horfe Dealer within the Cities of London and Weftminfter, and the Liberties of the fame refpecftively, the Parifii of Saint Mary le Bone and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlefex, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, the annual Duty of 2100 In Addition to the Duty of 22/. iox. granted by the A 61 pa fled in the 48th Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty.

Every Perfon who (hall ufe or exercife the Trade and Bufinefs of a Horfe Dealer in any other Part of Great Britain, the annual Duty of -	\	5	o

In Addition to the Duty of nl. $s. granted by

the faid A£t.

M m 4

SCHEDULE

Google



SCHEDULE (L.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable in refped of killing GAME*

Upon every Perfon who (hall ufe any Dog, Gun, Net J Or other Engine, for the Purpofe of taking or killing any Game whatever, or any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail or Landrail, or any Conies, or (hall take or kill, by any means whatever, or fhall aflift in any manner in the taking or killing, by any means whatever, any Game, or any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail or Landrail, or any Coney, by virtue of any Deputation or Appointment, duly regiflered or entered as Game Keeper, for any Manor or Royalty in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, or for any Lands in Scotland:

If fuch Perfon fhall be a Servant to any Perfon duly charged in refped of fuch Servant to the Duties granted on Servants in Schedule (C.) No, 1. there mall be charged in refpeft of every fuch Perfon a&ing by virtue ot fuch Deputation or Appointment, the annual Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of 1 /. is. granted in relped of fuch Perfon by the A& patted in the 48th Year of the Reign of His prelent Majesty. And where the Duty granted by the faid A£l mall not be chargeable in refped of fuch Perfon, the annual Sum of	-

And if fuch Perfon as lad a fore fa id fhall not be a Servant for whom the faid Duties on Servants fhall be charged, there (hall be charged in refpe& of every fuch Perfon a&ing by virtue of fuch Deputation or Appointment, the annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duty of 3/. 3/. granted by the faid Ad.

And where the Duty granted by the faid Ad (hall not be chargeable in relped of fuch Perfon, the annual Sum of	-

Upon every other Perfon who fhall ufe any Dog, Gun, ; Net or other Engine, for any of the Purpofes before mentioned, or fhall take or kill, by any means whatever, or affilt in any manner in the taking or killing, by any means whatever, any Game, or any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail or Landrail, or any Coney, there fhall be cnarged the annual Slim of -y In Addition to the like Duty of 3/. 3/. granted by the faid Ad.

And where the Duty granted by the faid Ad fhall not be chargeable upon fuch Perfon, the annual Sum of

04O

o 10 (

3 13

o 10 6



Google

EXCEPTIONS

C*3*

r8i2*

$2* GEO. HI.

EXCEPTIONS to the above Duties.

-The taking of Woodcocks and Snipes with Nets or Springes. —The taking or deftroying of Conies by the Proprietors of :ns, or on any enclofed Ground whatever, or by the Tenants ndsj either by himfelf, herfelf or themfelves, or by his, her or Direftion or Command.

s»

RULES for charging the Caid lad mentioned Duties.

-Every Perfon who intends to ufe or (hall ufe at any time Duty forufiog he Fifth Day of April One thoufend eight hundred and thir- Dogs, fcc. paid r# my Dog Gun Net or other Engine,	an7 f ^he Purpofes

)ned m the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (L.), /hall annually, he (hall fo ufe the feme, in any Year, and every Perfon who s to take or kiH, or to affid m the taking or killing any Game, bock. Snipe, Quail, Landrail or Coney, lhaH before he (hall fb t kill, or affid in the taking or killing the fame, pay or caufe to id in each Year, unto the CoHeftors of the Duties mentioned or to in the other Schedules of this Aft, for the Parifh, Ward ice where he fhall refide, if in England, or to the Colleftor of the )uties, or his Deputy or Sub Colleftor for the Shire, County or Place where he (hall refide, if in Scotland, or one of them,

“lively, aa afbrefeid, for the time being, the Duty hereby made tie, and (hall obtain a Certificate thereof in the. manner herein rd, which Certificate (hall continue in force until and upon the Day of April' next after the time of ifluing the fame* and no r.

Every Colleftor, or his Deputy or Sub Colleftor, on Appfi- editorst# a to him made by any Perfon redding within the Limits of his give Receipt*, dion, and on Payment to fuch Colleftor, or his Deputy or Sub dor, of the Duty hereby made payable, (hall give a Receipt for feme, which Receipt (hall be figned by fuch Colleftor, or his nty or Sub Colleftor, and made out conformable to fuch of the w for Certificates in the Schedules to this Aft annexed, as the may require ; and every fuch Receipt (hall be a Charge on the Ih or Phce for which fuch Colleftor, or his Deputy or Sub Col-f, (hall be appointed for the Sum therein exprefled, in like man-and to the fixe Effcft as if the faid Sum had been previoufiy fed and levied by fuch Colleftor, or his Deputy or Sub Colleftor,

?r the Warrant of the Commiffioners afting in the Execution of Ad, for which Receipt the feid Colleftor, or his Dtputy or Sub bdor, (hall be entitled to demand and receive from fuch Perfon Sum of One Shilling over and above the faid Duty, and no Fce. t, which Sum (hall be deemed the Compenfation to fuch Colleftor h» Deputy or Sub CoHeftor, for his Pains and Care in executing i Ad; and the Duty fo received fhall be paid to the Receiver oeral or his Deputy, at his or their next Receipt of Duties, m 1 and without Deduftion ; provided that the Receipts given for ; Duties contained in this Schedule (hall not be liable to any Stamp ity whatever.

HI.—Every fnch Receipt, being delivered to the Clerk of the Receipts ex. imtniffioners afting for the Diftrict where the Perfon aforefaid (hall changed for Cer-ide, (hall be exchanged for a Certificate made out in one of the ^Jca*es by )rmiin the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (N.) correfpond-

iug



A.D. iSu.

Commiflioners to a(Tcis Parties accordingly.

Commiffioners to provide Forms of Receipts and Certificates.

Where no Clerk Surveyor to ad.

How Colledor charged with Duty if liable.

Gamekeepers'

Certificates.

C.93.	GEO.	ID.

Schedule ( L.) Rules — continued. ing with fuch Receipt, which Certificate the faid Clerk is hereby required, on Demand, to make out and deliver gratis to fuch Perfon in Exchange for the faid Receipt.

IV.	—The faid Receipts, fo exchanged, (hall feveraily be entered by the faid Clerks refpedively, in Books to be kept for that Purpofe, in the manner to be direded by the Commifiioners for the Affairs ef Taxes ; and the faid Books, together with the faid Receipts, beieg exhibited to the Commiilioners ading in the Execution of this Ad for the Diilrid, and examined by them, (hall be a fufficient Authority to them, from time to time, to caufe an Aflefiment to be made on the feveral Perfons mentioned in fnch Receipts in the refpedive Suets paid by them, which Affeffments (hall be of the like Force and Effect in all refpeds, and fhalf be as binding on the feveral Collectors 2nd others ading in the Execution of this Adi, and on the feveral Parifhes and Places for which fuch Coilcdors {hall have been refpedively appointed, as any Aflefiment to be made by the faid Commififouen refpedively, under the Regulations of the faid Adis under which they ad as Commiilioners; and the faid Commifiioners (hall return Duplicates thereof to the Receiver General, and to the Comrnif. fioners for the Affairs of Taxes, in the manner direded by the fail Ads.

V.	—The CommiflionerB for the Affairs of Taxes (hall caufe a fu 15* cient Number of Receipts to be diftributed amongll the feveidf Clerks, and by them to the feveral Colledors in their refpedii^ Diflrids ; and the faid Clerks refpedively (hall be accountable td the faid Commiilioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the fame ; anq the feveral Colledors {hall be accountable to the refpedive ClerU for the Receipts delivered to them refpedively ; and the faid Coon miflioners for the Affairs of Taxes fhall alfo caufe a fufficient Nomba* of Forms to be ufed for Certificates, according to the Forms fpedficdj in the Schedule to this Ad annexed marked (N.), to be diftributedj to the refpedive Clerks in like manner, for which Certificates the feidj Clerks (hall be refpe6tively accountable to the faid Commiffionen for: the Affairs of Taxes.

VI.	—In any Diftrid wherein no Clerk fnall be appointed to ad in the Execution of the faid Ads, the Surveyor of the fame Diftrid fhall execute the Duty of fuch Clerk in all Matters and Things herein required to be done by fuch Clerk, and in every fuch cafe the Certificates herein required fliall and may be iflued by fuch Surveyor according to the Diredions of this Ad 5 and in every Place for which one Colledor only fliall be appointed, who fliall be chargeable to the Duty contained in this Schedule, an Acknowledgment in Writing under the Hand of fuch Colledor, that he is chargeable with the faid Duty, and delivered to fuch Clerk or Surveyor refpedively as afore* faid, (hall be a fufficient Authority for fuch Clerk or Surveyor to iffue a Certificate to fuch Colledor, and to make an Afleffment of the faid Duty upon fuch Colledor as in other cafes under this Ad.

VII.	—Every Mailer or Miilrefs charged, or liable to be charged to the Duties on Servants mentioned in the faid Schedule marked (C.) No. 1. annexed to this Ad, in refped of any Game Keeper, whether fuch Perfon fliall have been deputed or appointed by luch -Mailer or Miilrefs, or by any other Perum or Perfons; and every Perfon granting a Deputation or Appointment to the Servant of any J

other \

v^ooQle

54*

52° GEO# III.	C.93.

Schedule (L.) Rules—continued.

Other Perfon, who (hall be duly charged to the faid Duty on Servant* in refpeft of fuch Servant, whether as Game Keeper, or in any other Capacity, with Power and Authority to take or kill any Game by any of the Ways defcribed in this Schedule, (hall be at Liberty to obtain a Receipt and Certificate on Behalf of fuch Servant, on Payment of the Duty for the fame in the manner before dire&ed ; and fuch Receipt and Certificate (hall be a fufficient Authority to affefs the Mafter or Miftrefs, or Perfon granting fuch Deputation or Appointment, and obtaining fuch Receipt and Certificate as aforefaid, and the Certificate to be iffued thereupon (hall be deemed and conftrued to exempt the Servant or Servants named therein, during his or their Continuance in the fame Capacity and Service 5 and alfo to exempt any Servant or Servants of the fame Mafter or Miftrefs who (hall fucceed to the Deputation or Appointment of the fame Manor or Royalty, or Lands, within the Year for which the Duty (hall be foaffeffed, for and during th* Remainder of fuch Year; and no fuch Servant in whofe Behalf a Receipt and Certificate hath been duly obtained as aforefaid, ftrll be required to obtain a Certificate for him-felf, nor be liable to the Duty hereby granted, nor to any Penalty by reafon of not obtaining a Certificate ill his own Name, or for not piying the faid Duty ; pm d d always, that every Certificate granted under this A61 to any Perfon a&ing under any Deputation or Appointment (hall, upon the Revocation of fuch Deputation or Appointment, be from thenceforth void and of no further Effeft, as to the Pirfon therein deputed or appointed ; provided, that if any Lord or Lady of any Manor in England, W?les or Berwick upon Tweed, or Proprietor of Lands in Scotland, (hall, on the Revocation of any Deputation or Appointment, by virtue of which a Certificate hath been granted for any Year, make a new Deputation or Appointment within the fame Year, to any Perfon in his or her Service, or in the Service of the fame Mafter or Miftrefs, who (hall have been charged, as well to the Duties on Servants as to the Game Dbties granted by this A ft, it (hall be lawful for the Clerk to the Commiffioners of the Diftrift, and every fuch Clerk is hereby required in fuch cafe to renew the Certificate for the Remainder of that Year, in Behalf of the Perfon fo newly appointed, without any Duty or Fee, by indorfing on fuch Certificate the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon to whom fuch laft mentioned Deputation or Appointment had been granted, and declaring the fame to be a renewed Certificate, free of Duty or Fee.

VIIT.—The Commiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes (hall once or Commiflioneri ' oftener, in every Year, as foon as conveniently may be after fuch tu advenif* Certificates (hall have been iffued, caufe the Names and Refidences of thefeveral Perfons to or for whom fuch Certificates have been granted for that Year, in each County in Great Britain, diftinguifhing the Perfons acting under any Deputations or Appointments from others ; and the Manors, Royalties or Lands, for which Deputations or Appointments have been granted, and alfo diftinguifhing the Rate of Duty affeffed, to be inierted in fome Newfpaper circulated in each refpe&ive County, or iu fuch other Newfpaper, and in fuch manner as to them (hall ieem proper.

IX.—Neither the Afleffment of the Duty hereby impofed, nor Unqualified Per-the Payment thereof, nor the Certificate delivered, nor any thing ^by^»rti6catt!

herein

AiDtlln

J4*	C.93.	5a*	GEO.	HI.

•amekeepers* Certificates eon-flned to Manor.*

Certificates pr*>-Huce4 by Pfer-ibnsoti Demand of AiTefTor, & c.

Penalty.

vrf&cut

Cemtfuw*

Schedule (L.) Rules — continued. herein contained or done i» purfuaiice of this AG, fliall anrtfeense or enable any Perfoa to ad in the manner defcribed in this Scbedak, tt any time or times, or in any manner prohibited by any Stctatc h force at and immediately before the paifing of this Act^ aor uaWii fuch Perfon (hall be duly qualified fe to do, under and by virtue ef the faid Statutes; and all Penalties and Forfeitures, Adjoos nd Suits, for Offences again ft fiich Statutes, (hall and may be protected and maintained for fuch Offences, as if this AG had not been made.

X.	—No Afieffment or Certificate under the find AGs and the AG, or Payment of the Duty thereby impofed, by or for any Petfoa aGieg under a Deputation or Appointment, (hall be received m Evidence, or be available in Law or Equity, in any Sait or Profecstoos, under this AG, wlvere Proof (hall be given of doing or ha*ring dme any AG for any of the Purpofes mentioned in this Schedule, out ef the PrecinGs or Limits of the Manor, Royalty or Lands far wha& fuch Deputation 6r Appointment was made or granted.

XI.	— If any Perfon (hall be dtfeovered doing any A»G whatever, in refpeG whereof fuch Perfon (hall be chargeable as afore fan d, hry ay Affeffor or CollcGor of the Parilh where any fueb Perfon (had tfcea be, or by any CommiffioUer for the Execution of this Aft, acH»g for ; the County, Riding, Drvifion or Place, fo which fiich Perfcur ML then be, or by any Lord or Lady, or Gantd Keeper, of the ManorJ Royalty or Lands, wherein fuch Perfon (hall then be, or by any fo--fpeGor or Surveyor of Taxes, aGing in the Executfofi of the faalj AGs or this AG, for the DiftriG in which foch Perfon (hall then beJ or by any Perfon duly affeffed to the Duties granted in this Schedule! qr coufolidated therewith, or by the Owner, Landlord, Leflee « Occupier of the Land in which luch Perfon (haU then bcr it (half M lawful for fuch Affefibr, ColleGor, Commiftroner or Game KeeperJ InfpeGor or Surveyor or other Perfon as aforefeid, or fuch OwnerJ Landlord, Leffee or Occupier of Land as aforefaid* to demand am L require from the Perfon fo aGing, the ProduGioit of a* Certificate iffued to him for that Furpofc, which Certificate every fuch Perfon a?1 hereby required to produce to the Perfon fo demanding the fame,: 1 and to permit him to read the fame, and (if he (hall think fit) to take a Copy thereof, or any Part thereof; or in cafe no fuch Certifictie (hall be produced to the Perfon demanding the fame as aforefaad, then it (hall be lawful for the Perfon haring made fuch Demand to require the Perfon fo aGing forthwith to declare to him his Cbnfian and Surname, and Place of Refidence, and the Pan Hi or Place (if any) in which he (hall have been afft-fled to the Dimes by this Act * granted or confolidated therewith ; and if any fuch Perfon (hail, after luch Demand made, wilfully refufe to produce and (hew a Certificate : iflued to him for that Purpofe, or in Default thereof as afovefaadf tt> , give in to the Perfon fo demanding the fame his Ch rift tan and Sot- « name, and Place of Refidence, and the Parilh or Place f if any) b which he (hall have been affeffed, of (ball produce any fhue or fi&i- 1 tious Certificate, or give any falfe or fiGittout Name, Place of Refidence, or Place of Affeffment, every fuch Perfon dull forfeit aid pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds* to be foed for, recovered aid applied in the manner hereinafter direGed.

XII.	—If any Perfon or Pdrfoas (hall, after the Fifth Dhy of Appril Ohe thoufaad eight hundred and thirtecB, in England or

Wales,

v^ooQle

ill 2.

52* GEO. III.

C.93.

Hi

Schedule (L.) Rules , or *fter the Twenty fourth Day of May One thoufimd eight d and thirteen, in Scotland, do any Ad for any of the rur-neutiooed in this Schedule, without having obtained fuch Cer-as is direded by this Ad, in order to an Affeffment for the rhereip fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall fo ad, every fuch Perfon )rfe|t and pay the Sujn of Twenty Pounds, to be filed for. Penalty.

•ed and applied in the manner hereinafter direded ; and every tfeoder fhall alfo be liahle to the Payment to His Maiefty, his or SuccefTors, to the full Duty of Three Pounds Thirteen £8 and Six pence Sterling, over and above the (aid Penalty to rged in the Afieffment ofthe Parifh or Place where the Offence

*	committed, by way of inoreafed Charge by the Infpedor or or of the (aid Parilh or Place ; which increafed Charge may 1c at any time within Six Calendar Months after the Duty ave accrued, and the faid Charge (hall be allowed by Two iifioriera according to the Directions of the Ads relating to the

of Affcffed Taxes, fuhjed to Appeal whenever fuch Com- Appeal, ers (hall appoint the Time and Place for hearing and deter* the1 faid Appeal.

I. — It (hall be lawful for any Two Commiflioners for exe- Offences befor# this Aft, or for any One Juftice ofthe Peace of the County, w^”Jdeter’

; or I>ivifion, or the Shire or Stewartry, or for any City, Bo- m,ncd»&c* Liberty or Place wherein any Offence or Offences mentioned :ribed in this Schedule fhall be committed, fuch Ju&ice being Commifiioner for executing this Ad ; and he and they it ana reby reauired, upon Information or Complaint to him or them >f any fuch Offence or Offences committed within the Diftridt he or they fhall ad as fuch Commiflioner or CommHfioners,

Three Calendar Months after the Offence fhall be committed, imon the Perfon or Perfons accufed, and alfo the Witneffes osi Side, to appear before him or them ; and upon the Appearance

*	Perfhu or Perfons accufed, or in default of his or tneir Ap-tce according to fuch Summons, to proceed to hear and deter* the Matter in a fumroary way ; and upon due Proof made there-Lher hy the voluntary Cordeffion of the Perfon or Perfons ac-k or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, re Judgment for the Penalty or Penalties, or for fuch Part )f, to which Part thereof the faid Commifioners or Juftice fhall proper to mitigate the fame (the fame not being in any cafe ated to lefs than One Moiety of the faid Penalty or Penalties) ; ~ i default of Payment of the fame at the time of Convidion, to

1 and iffue his or their Warrant or Warrants, under his or their i aod Seal, or Hands and Seals, for levying the Penalty or Pc'S fo adjudged, together with the reaJbnabfc CoAs and Charges ding the fame, as hereinafter direded, of the Cattle, Goods and teh of the Offender or Offenders, and to eaufe Sale to be made ie faid Cattle, Goods and Chattels fo diArained, in cafe they not be redeemed within Four Days ; and the Money ari&ag fuch Sale fhall in the tirft Place be liable for Payment of the Penalty or Penalties adjudged to be paid, and in the next Place Payment of the Cofts attending the Information* Convi&ion and rant, or Informations, Convictions and Warrants, to be fettled *he faid Coauniifioners or Juftice, and iadorfed on fuch Warrant



Google

A.D.1812.

Witnefles not attending.

Penalty,.

Form of Convidion.

C.93.	5	2°	GEO.	m.

Schedules (L.) Rules — continued.

Or Warrants ; and alfo the reafonable Cofts attending the Diftrefs and keeping the Goods and Chattels diftrained, and maintaining the Cattle, if any, during the Four Days allowed to redeem the fame, and alfo the Expence of the Sale thereof, and of returning the faid Warrant or Warrants to the Commiflioners or Juftice, and entering the fame, with an Indorfement thereon of what has been done therein; and where fufficient Cattle, Goods or Chattels of fuch Offender or Offenders cannot be found, to commit fuch Offender or Offendm to the Houfe of Correction, there to remain for any Space of time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs the faid Penalty or Penalties (hall be fooncr paid ; and if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall find himfeif or themfelves aggrieved by the Judgment of fuch Commiflioners or Juftice, then he or they (hall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of double the faid Penalty or Penalties, appeal to the Juitices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sef-fions for the County, Riding or Divifion, or to the Juftice Clerk, or. other Officer of the Court of Judiciary of the Shire, Stewartry, City,\ Liberty or Place in Scotland ; which Courts refpe&ively are hereby! empowered to examine Witneffes upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame ; and in cafe the Judgment of fuch Commiffioncrs, or Juftice or Juftices, (hall be affirmed, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court of Quarter Seffions, or Court of Judiciary, to award the Per. fon or Perfons to pay Cofts occafioned by fuch Information, Co* vidtion and Appeal, as to themfelves (hall (eem meet.

XIV.	— Ir any Perfon or Perfons (hall be fummoned as a Witndi or Witneffes to give Evidence before fuch Commiflioners or Juftice receiving fuch Information, or before the Courts of Quarter Seffiont' or Judiciary, upon Appeal touching any of the Matters contairef in fuch Information, cither on the Part of the Profecution or the Perfon or Perfons accufed, and (hall negledt or refufe to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpofe appointed, without a reafonable Excufe for his, her or their Negledt or Refufal, to be allowed by the Commiflioners, or Juftice or Juftices, or Court before whom the Profecution (hall be depending, then and in every fuch cafe', every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Tea Pounds, to be recovered, levied and paid in fuch manner, and by fuch means, as other Penalties mentioned in this Schedule may be t recovered, levied and paid.

XV.	— The Commiflioners or Juftice before whom any Offender /hair be convi&ed (hall caufe the faid Convi&ion to be made out m the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like EffeA (mu tat is mutandis); that is to fay,

it remembered, That on the in the Year of our Lord

Day of

at

in the	of	A*	B*	of

was duly convi&ed by me [or, us] of [hereJkt* the Offence] and adjudged to pay the Sum of for his faid Offence.

* Given under the Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal of

being Commiflioners acting in the Execution of the A&i relating to Affeffed Taxes for the DiftriA of	or,

being a Juftice of the Peace for

4	‘



54i

520 GEO. III.	C.93.

Schedule (L.) Rules—continued.

, and a Commiffioner a&ing in the Execution of the A61s ing to AfTeffed Taxes for the Diffridt of

very fuch Conyi&ion (hall be entered and regiflered upon the of Affeflment of the Commiflioners of the Diftridt where the e was committed ; and after fuch Entry and Regiftry fhall be itted to the Court of Appeal, as herein diredted, to be filed if Record; and the faid Convidfion or Entry of the fame in i Books of Affeflment, or any examined Copy thereof, (hall be d in Evidence before the refpedtive Commiflioners for exe-tbis A61, in all Matters relating to the Duties contained Schedule ; and no Convi&ion of fuch Commiflioners or Juftice e removeable by any Procefs whatever into any other Court of r Equity, or be fubjedt to Revifion in any manner, other than

[. — All Penalties and Shares of Penalties impofed by and •ed or paid under the Authority of the Rules contained in hedule, (hall be added to the Firft or Supplementary Affeff->f the Parifh or Place where the Offence (hall be committed ccafe fliall require) and fhall be paid to the Collector or Col-of the Duties contained in this Schedule, for fuch Parifh or to be by'him or them accounted for in the fame manner, and > the Receiver General at the fame times as the Duties con-in this are to be accounted for and paid, and fhall and diflributed, apportioned and applied in fuch manner as other es may by the laid Adis relating to the faid Duties be diftri-apportioned and applied.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (L.)

• of the Royal Family.

SCHEDULE (M.)

No. i.

y EXEMPTIONS from the feveral Duties in the feveral Schedules marked (C.) (D.) (E.) and (G.)

Perfons having ordinarily refided in Ireland before the Com-neni of the Seflion of Parliament in the Fifty fecond Year of eign of His prefent Majesty, and being Members of either of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, whether on the f Ireland, or for any Place in Great Britain, and all Perfons ball hereafter be Members of the faid Parliament as afore-nd who fliall have ordinarily refided in Ireland previous to the encement of the Seflion of Parliament in which they fhall rerely ferve in Parliament; and all Perfons having ordinarily re-n Ireland as aforefaid, or who fhall hereafter be ordinarily re-therein, and now holding or who fhall hereafter hold Offices blic Employments in Ireland, and are now refiding in Great s, or who mall hereafter refide in Great Britain, with the Ap» tion or by the Order or Dire&ion of the Lord Lieutenant, or Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the time , or of his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, and 1 fhall be certified under the Hand of the Lord Lieutenant, or „,	Chief



ConvifHon ts be entered.

Application of Penalties

Irifh Member* of Parliament and Public Officers.

A4>.i«a



0*th.

G.93.	52°QEO.IH.

Schedule (M.) No. 1.— coxhmtd.

Chief* Governor or Chief Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, to be therein refident for the Purpofes of affifting in the Execotkm of Public Bufinefs, /hall be wholly difeharged and exempted from thr Duties fet forth in the Schedules to this Ad annexed, marked (C.) (D.) (E.) and (G.) ; provided that this Exemption fhall not cx* tend to any Perlon ordinarily refident in Ireland as aforefcid, beioj a Member of either Houfe of Parliament of the United Kingdom, who hath refided or fhall refide in Great Britain longer than during the Seffion of Parliament, and Forty Days before and Forty Dan after each Seffion, nor to any Article on which a Duty is by this A& made payable, which fhall be retained, kept, employed or ufed bj fuch retiou in Great Britain, during the Refidence of fuch PeAi* in Ireland; provided alfo, that this Exemption fhall not extend £.■ any Perfon ordinarily refident in Ireland as aforefaid, bolding Office or Public Employment in Ireland, unlefs the Approbated* in Writing, or fuch Order or Direction of the faid Lord Lieutena* of other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the tid being, or of his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, and Description of the Place of Abode in Great Britain of the Perfd refpedively holding fuch Offices or Employments fhall have beea b fore the paffing of this Ad delivered into the Office of the Co® miffioners for the Affairs of 'taxes in Somerfet Place, or (hall he I delivered within Twenty Days after the paffing of this Ad, with * fped to Perfons then in Great Britain, or within Thirty Days aft tae Arrival in Great Britain of fuch Perfons refpedively, who (hi thereafter arrive : Provided aMo, that no Perfon fhall, for the P| pofes of claiming this Exemption, be deemed to be ordinarily rt dent in Ireland, unlefs he fhall refide therein during fuch Portion « the /ear as is.not covered by the Privilege herein provided: And for the better ascertaining the Fad of fuen Refidence, every Pedal claiming the Benefit of this Exemption fhall verify the fame upol Oath (if required) before the Commiffioners a&ing in the Executi^ of this Ad, in the Diftrid where fuch Perfon fhsul refide.	;

SCHEDULE (M.)

\

No. 2.

Further EXEMPTIONS from the feveral Duties in the Schedules marked (C.) (D.) and (£•}

Any Sheriff of any County, or Mayor or other Officer it Corporation or Royal Bnrgh, ferving an annual Office therein, during fuch Year of Service, (hall hare kept or fhall keep any hrr of Servants, Carriages or Horfes, greater than the Number (*■ Perfon was affeffed to prior to the Year of fuch Service, and «9 (hall have been affetfed for fuch greater Number for One Year, M be exempt from further Affeffinent for fuch greater Number for other Year, although fuch Year of Service may have run iato i Second Year of Af&fbrnt.

v^ooQle

SCHEDULE

l8l2<

52® GEO. III.

C.93.

*47

SCHEDULE (N.)

Form of CERTIFICATE to be delivered by Members of .

Volunteer Corps.

Commanding Officer of tbe do hereby certify, in purfuance of an A& pa fled in the Fifty Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An here infert tbe Title of this A3], that the feveral Perfous herein and defcribed are feverally enrolled and ferving in the faid and hare duly attended at the Mufter and Exercife of the faid for	Days,	in	the	Courfe	of	the Year next pre-

the Date hereof, which Mufter RoUs have been duly returned, nq the fame purfuant to the faid A6L

the

(Signed) Day of

Commanding Officer.

Form of CERTIFICATE to be iffued to every Game Keeper, being a Servant for whom the Mafter or Miftrefs, or the Lord or Lady of the Manor or Royalty (if in England) , or the Proprietor of Lands (if in Scotland), (hall be duly affefted to the Duty on Servants.

No. Game Duty Certificate (A.)

iCed where the Servant pays the Duty.]

By jf. B. Clerk to the Commiffioners afting in the Executio11 of the A6U for Affefled Taxes for the Divifion of /. in the County of L.

:tiv£D from C. D. redding in the Parifti [or, Townftiip] of sante the Pari/b or Townjbtp'] in the laid County, an aflefted it of E. P. [here name tbe Mafter or Miftrefs'] of [here name fidence of tbe Mafter or Miftrefs] (in Exchange for this Certi-I, a Receipt under the Hand of G. Hone of the Colle&ora efled Taxes for the faid Parifli [or, Townftiip] of [here name irijb or To<wnfbip], for the Sum of One Pound Five Shillings ig, as the Game Duty chargeable upon the faid C. D., in re->f his Deputation as Game Keeper of the Manor or Royalty of the laid County [if tbe Certificate be granted in England, or if in nd, in refpe£I of his Appointment of Game Keeper of the » of K. in the faid County]. Given in purfuance of A6ts 1 in the Forty eighth and Fifty fecond Years of the Reign of je the Third, and certified the	Day	of

in the Year of our Lord

( Signed )	Clerk.

ii$ Certificate will expire on the Fifth Day of April next.

Nn

III.



5* Gio. III.

54*

52* GEO. III.

AJD.i8t2<

C.93.

III.

No. Game Duties Certificate (B.)

'[To be ufed where the Mailer pays the Duty.]

By A. B. Clerk to the Commiflioners a&ing in the Execotiot of the A6U for Afleffed Taxes for the Divifion of /. » the County of L.

Received from E,F. \Jherc name the Mafier or Mifirefs] refidiug in the Parifh [or, Place] of [here name the Reftdence of the Mafier or Mifirefs] in the faid County, on Behalf of C.D. an Affeffed Servant of the faid E.F. (in Exchange for this Certificate) a Receipt under the Hand of G.H. one of the Colle&ors of AfleUed Taxes for the faid Parifh [or, Townfhip] of [here name the Parifh or TomMf] for the Sum of One Pound Five Shillings Sterling, as the Game* Duty chargeable upon the faid Servant in refpe& of his Deputation as Game Keeper ot the Manor or Royalty of K. in the faid County \if the Certificate he granted in England, or if in Scotland, in refpecti of his Appointment as Game Keeper of the Lands of K. in the faid County]. Given in purfuance ot A els paffed in the 48th and 5 id Years of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the	1

Day of	in the Year of our Lord	I

(Signed)

This Certificate will expire on the Fifth Day of April next.

IV.—Form of CERTIFICATE to be iffiied to every Game Keeper, not being an Afleffed Servant to any Pcrfoa ■ Perlons.	*

No. Game Duty Certificate (C.)

By A. B. Clerk to the Commiflioners afting in the Ex< of the A&8 for Affefled Taxes for the Divifion of 7. in 1 County of L.

Received from C.D. refiding in the Parifh [or, Townfhip]

J'here name the Parifh orTownfhtp] in the faid County (in Exchai or this Certificate) a Receipt under the Hand of G.H. one of Colle&ors of Aliened Taxes for the faid Parifh [or, Townfhip]

[here name the Parifh or Tontmfhip] for the Sum of Three Poui Thirteen Shillings and Six pence Sterling, for the Game Di chargeable upon the faid C.D. in rcfpe& of his Deputation as Ga Keeper of the Manor or Royalty of K. in the faid County [i/ Certificate he granted in England, or if in Scotland, in refpedt of Appointment as Game Keeper of the Lands of K. in the ' County], the faid C.D. not being an AfTefled Servant to any or Perions. Given in purfuance of Acts paffed in the 48th and 5: Years of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the Day of	in the Year of our Loid

(Signed)	Geik,

This Certificate will expire on the Fifth Day of April next.

- ^



V.^-Fob

549

1812.	5*0	GEO. III.	C-93,94.

orm of CERTIFICATE to be iffued to every Perfon not being a Game Keeper.

No. Game Duty Certificate (D.)

A, B. Clerk to the Commiflioners afting in the Execution af the Ads for AfTefTed Taxes for the Divifion of /. in the County of L.

;iveii from C.D. refiding in the Parifh [or, Townfhip] of me the Par'tjh orTownJbip] in the faid County (in Exchange Certificate), a Receipt under the Hand of G.H. one of the rs of AfTefTed Taxes for the faid Parifh [or, Townfhip] of me the Parijh or To<wnJhip] for the Sum of Three Pounds 1 Shillings and Six pence Sterling for the Game Duty,

)le upon the faid C.D* in his own Right, throughout Great Given in purfuance of Ads palled in the Forty eighth y fecond Years of the Reign of George the Third, and eer-1	Day	of	in the Year of our

(Signed)	Clerk.

Certificate will expire on the Fifth Day of April next.

CAP. XCIV. for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excife tat Britain on Glafs, Hides, and Tobacco and Snuff.

[9th July 1812.]

ft Gracious Sovereign,

, Your Majesty’s moll dutiful and loyal Subjefts the Com-nons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, unent aflembled, towards raifing the neceflary Supplies to four Majesty’s Public Expences, and making a permanent 1 to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved' tnd grant unto Your Majesty the feveral additional Rates and >f Excife herein refpeftively mentioned; and do therefore mbly befeech Your Majesty that it may be enafted ; and be rd by the King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-1 this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of

e.	That there fhall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid r)utir*in •out Great Britain, to and for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Schedules (A.) nd SuccefTors, upon the feveral Goods, Wares, Merchandize and (13.) on mmoditie8 mentioned and deferibed in the Schedules marked Goods therein id (B.) refpeftively hereunto annexed, the feveral Sums of	*

and Duties of Excife as they are refpeftively inferted, de- ™ Schedule.) and fet forth in the faid Schedules, and that there fhall be allowed, allowed and paid for or in refpeft of Goods, Wares, Merle and Commodities for or in refpeft whereof any Duty of is by this Aft impofed to the feveral Perfons entitled to the tbe feveral Drawbacks of Excite as the fame are alfo re-rly inferted, deferibed and fet forth in the Schedule marked ereunto annexed, and alfo all fuch fpecial Allowances as are larly direfted by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force at mediately before the pafliog of this Aft, and the fame re-dy fhall commence and take Efteft from the refpeftive Day or mentioned in the faid Schedule, in cafes where any fpecial

N n 2	

55®

C. 94-

52s geo. m<

A.B. 1811.

Duties under

CommiiTioners of Excite.

How Duties

Makers of Glaft

Tanners.

Duties and Drawbacks for greater or lets Quantity.

Date or Dates is or are inferted therein, and in cafes where no fuch Date is inferted, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoafand eight hundred and twelve.

, II. And be it further enaded, That fuch of the Duties of Ex-cife by this Ad impofed, as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called England, fhall be under the Management of the Commiffioo-ers of Excife in England ; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that Pat of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the Management of the Commiflioner3 of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral and refpedite Duties by this Ad impofed fhall be accounted for, cleared off, paid, fatisfied and difchargcd by the Perfon or Perfons liable to the accounting for, clearing off, Payment, Satisfadion or Difcharge thereof at fuch time and times, and in fuch manner as the Duties of Excife chargeable upon the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Coa-ipodities refpedively, or upon any Perfon for or in refpeA thereof were by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force immediately befall the palling of this Ad to he accounted for, cleared off, paid, fadM fied or difchargcd ; fave and except that, until and upon the Fd# Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, in lieu !■ inftead of Perfons who fhall make or caufe to be made Glafs in Lm don, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, paying and clearing# the additional Duties by this Ad impofed, For or in refpe£k of GJ# made in Great Britain, or of the Materials or Metal or other Prz rations made ufe of in Great Britain in the making of Plate G or of Common Bottles, within Four Weeks, fuch Perfons refp tively fhall pay and clear off the fame within Eight Weeks; msd Heu and inftead of Perfons who fhall make or caufe to be made G in any other Part of Great Britain, paying and clearing off fuch i ditional Duties within Six Weeks, fuch Perfons refpedively I pay and clear off the fame within Twelve Weeks after he, (he ortl refpedively fhall make or ought to have made fuch Entry as is quired by the Laws in force, immediately before the palling of 1 Ad, under the Penalties by the faid Ads or any of them in that I half provided ; fave alfo and except that, until and upon the (aid Fi Day of July One thoufand eight'hundred and thirteen, in lieu 1 inftead of Tanners of Hides and Skins within the Cities of Loni and Wejlminjler> and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortafi paying, clearing off and difeharging the additional Duties by t Ad impefftd, for or in refped of Hides and Skins, and Parts 1 Pieces of Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain, within Fourte Days, fuch Tanners refpedively fhall pay, clear off and difcharge! fame within Four Weeks ; and m lieu and inftead of Tanners io od Parts of Great Britain, paying, clearing off and difeharging fuch 1 ditional Duties within Six Weeks, fuch Tanners refpedively (hall pi clear off and difcharge within Twelve Weeks after fuch Hides 1 Skins refpedively (hall be tnarktd and ftamped as is by the Laws force immediately before the pafling of this Ad, under the PemlE by the faid Ads or any of them in that Behalf provided.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That in all cafes where Docks 1 impofed or Drawbacks allowed by this Ad on any fpecific Qu of Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, the fame fhal| every cafe be underftood and deemed and taken to apply in the I Proportion and after the fame Rate to any greater or le(s Qu than fuch^fpecific Quantity.

8 LjOO^LC	V.

t8**.

S? G^O.III.

C.p+.	S51

\md whereas Contrads,or Agreements may have been made :he palling of this Aft by Makers or Manufacturers of or in the refpedive Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodi. on which additional Duties are by tills Ad impofed, for fuch Wares, Merchandize or Commodities refpedively to be deader the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and be it therefore enaded, 'Hiat fuch Makers, Manufacturers or Duty added to delivering fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Com modi. Prices fettled by >edfcively, after the Day and Year laft aforefaid, in purfuance Goods1delivered Contracts or Agreements, (hall be allowed to add fo much after jujy as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Att impofed for or 181a.

*& of fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities rely, to the Price thereof, and (hall be entitled by virtue of this be paid for the fame accordingly.

And be it further enaCted, That the (aid feveral Sums of Duties levied at refpedively inferted, defcribed and fet forth in the faid Sche- |°rn?*r Duties of rreunto annexed marked (A.) and (B.) refpedively, as the ^rUdea? *M of Excife and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Excife fet the faid Schedule marked (C.) upon the feveral and refpec-ods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities inferted therein, d may be refpedively raifed, levied, colleded, anfwered, paid, d, adjudged, mitigated and allowed in fuch and the like man-. in or by any or either of the general or fpecial Means, Ways lods by which the former Duties refpedively and Drawbacks ie» of Excife refpedively upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize modities of the fame Sorts or K ids refpedively were or be raifed, levied, colleded, anfwe. 1, paid, recovered, ad-mitigated or allowed, and the Go, , Wares, Merchandize ccodities fo by this Ad refpedively i de liable to the Payor chargeable with Duties of Excife, or entitled to Draw->f Duties of Excife as refpedively inferted, defcribed and fet i the laid Schedules hereunto annexed, (hall be and the fame rby made fubjed to all and every the Conditions, Regula-Rulcs, Reftridions and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares, indize or Commodities in general, and alfo to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Forfeitures ively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Coip-‘s refpedivdy were fubjed and liable by any Ad or Ads of lent iu force immediately before the palling of this Ad, relat-the Duties of Excife; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine feiture of any nature or kind whatever for any Offence what-

g the Revenue of Excife or for the Regulation and Improve-hereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Diredions therein led, Audi and are hereby direded and declared to extend to and e refpedively applied, pradifed and put in Execution for and ^ed of the feveral Duties of Excife and Drawbacks of Duties; rife hereby charged and allowed, in as fqll and ample a manner Intents and Purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid Claufes, Froviftons, Powers, Diredions, Fines, Pains, Penalties rfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the Body » Ad.

rll. And whereas by an Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of 48 G. 3. c.6* Reign of His prefect Majesty, intituled An AB for ref eating an

Np 3



kft.ii

§7.

T«m»*r* carrying on Butineli of Shoemaker, &c.

Penalty.

Duties paid into Exchequer,

Separate Account of Duties kept for 10 Year*.

42 G. J. c. 70.

c.94.

5 20 GEO. III.

*	Ad puffed in the Firfl Tear of King James the Fir ft, i 4 Ad concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers and ether 4 occupying the cutting of Leather ; and alfo for repealing 4 ing certain Parts of federal other Ads of Parliament rill 4 it is enacted, that no Perfon or Perfons ufing the Trade

* nefs of tanning of Leather by himfclf or herfelf, or by

*	Perfon or Perfons, (hall, during the time that he, {lie <

‘ fo ufe or carry on the faid Trade or Bufinefs of T

*	occupy or in any manner carry on the Trade or Bufinch 0:

*	maker, Currier, Leather Cutter or other Artificer tm 4 cutting or working of Leather, upon Pain of Forfcituie izi 4 all and every fuch Hide and Hides, Skin and Skins, fo by 4 or them, or any of them, wrought or tanned, during the ture

*	or they (hall fo ufe the Trade or Bufinefs of Tanning, or

*	Value thereof, to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall foe

*	fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty’s Courts of R< IVeJlminfter, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by

4 Information, together with Cofts of Suit ; And wh<

4 recited Penalty is inefficient to anfwer the good Pu

*	by intended, and it is therefore expedient to impofe the 4 nalty hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted, and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight h twelve, if any Perfop or Perfons ufing or carrying on the Bufinefs of tanning of Leather, by himfelf, herfelf or tr by any other Perfon or Perfons, {hall by himfelf, herfelf felves, or by any other Perfon or Perfons during the time fhe or they {hall fo ufe or carry on the Trade or Bufinefs ning, ufe, exercife or in any manner carry on the Trade or a Shoemaker, Currier, Leather Cutter, or other Artificer, the cutting or working of Leather, the Perfon or Perfons ing {hall, over and befides the faid recited Penalty by the impofed, forfeit and lofe the further Sum of One hundred to be fued for, recovered, levied and mitigated as any Fine, or Forfeiture is or may be fued for, recovered, levied or mt any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wt or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, and that One thereof (hall be to His Majesty, his Heirsand Succeffors, and Moiety to him or them who {hall inform, difeover or fue for

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That all the Monies the Duties by this Aft impofed, the neceffary Charges < and accounting for the fame excepted, fhall from time to time into the Receipt of His Majelly’s Exchequer at IVef the faid Money io paid into the Rcceiptjof Exchequer as aford be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of C

IX.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That the Com His Ma jelly’s Trcafury now or for the time being, or any more of them, or the Lord High Treafurer for the time for the Period of Ten. Years from the Commencement caufe a feparate and diftinft Account of the additional Dull by this Aft to he prepared and annually laid before Pi fuant to an Aft puffed in the Forty fecond Year of the R^i prefent Majelly, intituled /In A8 for direfting certain Pi to be laid annually before Parliament, and for difcontinuing Forms of Account now in ufe; and the Monies ariiing from

vjOJ)QIC

Si* GEO. in.

C-94*



additional Duties (hall be deemed a permanent Increale to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpofe of defraying any increafed Charge occafioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any A d of Parliament pafled or to be pafled in the prefent Seflion of Parliament.

X. And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, AA altered, ice. amended or repealed, by any A6t or Ads to be made in this prefent Seflion of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this A£l refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

anent Increafe to the Public

GLASS.

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glafs and of Phial Glafs refpedively which (hall be made in Great Britain	-	-

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glafs, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glafs, which (hall be made in Great Britain For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glafs not being Spread Glafs, whether flafhed or otherwife, manufactured and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glafs or German Sheet Glafs, which (hall be made in Great Britain * For every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatever, by what Name foever the fame are or may be called or known, that (hall be made ufe of in Great Britain in the making of Glafs, the following Sums refpedively, that is to fay;

In the making of Plate Glafs	-	-

And in the making of Common Bottles, the fame not being Phials, and of VefTels made ufe of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glades, and of all other Veflels and Utenfils made of Common Bottle Metal '

For every Hundred Weight of Plate Glafs, and of all other Glafs Manufactures which (hall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, the fame not being Flaflca in which Wine or Oil (hall or may be imported, nor Foreign Green Glafs Bottles, nor Iri(h Glafs or Glafs Manufadurfca im* ported diredly from Ireland

HIDES and SKINS.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hides of what Kind foever, and of Calve Skins, Kips, Hog Skins, Dog Skins and Seal Skins, w^hich fhall be tanned in Great Britain, and of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins which (hall be tanned in Great Britain, for Gloves and Bazils	-

\For wry Dozen of Goat Skins tanned with Sho-

Nn 4

Duties.

£ t. d.

9 ©

o is

i 16 9

o 4

3 3

o, o i’



Google

snack

52° GEO. m.

A.D.1812

C. 94-

Hides and Skins—continued•

£ 1. I

mack or otherwife in Great Britain to refemble Spanifh Leather	-	-

For every Dozen of Sheep Skins tanned for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanifh Leather, in Great Britain	-	-

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins which fhall be tanned in Great Britain, not hereinbefore particularly charged ... For and upon all Hides of Horfes, Mares and Geldings, which fhall be drefled in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwife tawed in Great Britain, for every fuch Hide	-

For and upon all Hides of Steers and Cows, or any other Hides, of what Kind foever, thofe of Horfes, Mares and Geldings excepted, which fhall be fo drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed in Great Britain, for every fuch Hide For every Pound weight Avoirdupois of all Calves Skins, Kips and Seal Skins, which fhall be fo drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed in Great Britain For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins, which fhall be fo drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed in Great Britain with the Hair on For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins, which fhall be fo drefled or tawed without Hair, and every Dozen of Dog Skins and of Kid Skins which (hall be tawed as aforefaid in Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Buck and Doe Skins which fhall be fo drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed in Great Britain For every Dozen of Goat Skins and of Beaver Skins which fhall be fo drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed in Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins which fhall be fo drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed in Great Britain	-	-

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which fhall be fo drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed in Great Britain, not hereinbefore particularly charged For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skin9 which fhall be drefled in Oil in Great Britain	-	-	-

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all Parts and Pieces of Skins which fhaU be drefled in Oil in Great Britain

040 o 2 3

006

016

030

o o 030

010 006 0 2 0

O O il

0 0 6 0 0 3 OO^

For



SCHEDULE s and Skins —	contin

(A.)

Duties. £ 1, d*

very Dozen of Vellum which (hall be made in

■eat Britain	-	-	-	-036

very Dozen of Parchment which (hall be made in

eat Britain	-	-	-	0	I	9

TOBACCO and SNUFF.

very Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth, :>du£lion or Manufadlure of the Plantations or >minions of Spain or Portugal imported into eat Britain.	-	-

■very Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth Production of His Majesty’s Colonies, Planta-13, Xflaods or Territories in America, or of the lited States of America, imported into Great 1 tain	-	-	-

very Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth Production of any of the Territories or Domi-ns of the Emperor of Ruflia, or of the Ottoman Turkifh Empire, imported into Great Britain -very Pound Weight of Tobacco imported into eat Britain by the United Company of Merchants England trading to the Eaft Indies very Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great itain by the United Company of Merchants of igland trading to the Eaft Indies rvery Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great itain from any Bntifh Plantation in America, or >m the Spanifti Weft Indies -	-

every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great itain from any other Place, not being Irifh manu-Eiured Snuff imported direftly from Ireland

004!

0 0 2

0 0 2 0 0 2 O o si o o 2j O o 3*

SCHEDULE (B.)

rNTERVAILING DUTIES of EXCISE on certain Com-itiea imported from IRELAND into GREAT BRITAIN.

Duties.

GLASS.

every Square Foot fuperficial Meafure of Irifh ‘late Glafs	-

every Hundred Weight of Irifli Enamel Stained r Pafte Glafs	-

* every Hundred Weight of Flint Glafs and of *hial Glafs refpe&ively, which (hall be made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain r every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glafs, :ommonly called or known by the Name of Broad

£

o

3

3

/. d.

3 3i 5 3

5 3 Glafs



Google

C-94*	J2°	GEO.	III.

_____________________SCHEDULE	(B.)______________

Glafs—continued.

Glafs, which (hall be made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glafs, not being Spread Glafs, whether (tallied or otherwife manufa&ured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glafs or German Sheet Glafs, which (hall be made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain For every Hundred Weight of VcfTels made ufe of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glades, and of all other Veflels or Utenfils of Common Bottle Metal manufa&ured in Ireland, Common Bottles excepted	-	-	_

For every Hundred Weight of any Sort or Species of Irifh Glafs, not hereinbefore enumerated or dcfcribed Bottles of Common Green Glafs the Dozen Quarts -

LEATHER unmanufa&ured.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hides, of what Kind foever, and of Calf Skins, Kips, Hog Skins, Dog Skins and Seal Skins, tanned in Ire-land, and of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins fo tanned for Gloves and Bazils, which (hall be imported in the whole Hide or Skin, and neither cut nor dimi-nidled in any refpe& whatever For every Dozen of Goat Skins tanned in Ireland to refemble Spanifh Leather,.and imported from thence into Great Britain	-	-

For every Dozen of Sheep Skins tanned in Ireland for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanifh Leather, and imported from thence into Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides or Skins not hereinbefore enumerated and defcribed, and of all Pieces or Parts of Hides or Skins which (hall be tanned in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain For all Hides of Horfes, Mares ar.d Geldings which (hall be drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, for each and every fuch Hide	-	-

For all Hides of Steers, Cows or any other Hides, of what Kind foever, (thofe of Horfes, Mares and Geldings excepted) which (hall be drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, for each and every fuch Hide For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Calve Skins, Kips and Seal Skins, which (hall be fo drefled in Allum aud Salt, or Meal| or otherwife

A.D.1811.

Duties.

£ /. d. o 15 0

2	4 7!

o 4 0\

3	3 0 009

o o t 040

023

o o 6 016

030



taw*

SCHEDULE

JL»eather — continued.

£ /.

d

tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, in the whole Skin, neither cut nor diminifhed in any refpe& whatever For every Dozen of Slink Calf Skins which (hall be fo drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed with the Hair on, in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain For every Dozen of Slink Calf Skins which (hall be fo drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed without Hair in Ireland; and for every Dozen of Dog Skins and Kid Skins which (hall b« drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain	-	-

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Buck and Doe Skins which (hall be drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed in Ireland, and which ihall be imported from thence into Great Britain in the whole Skin, and neither cut nor diminifhed in any refpe& whatever	-	-

For every Dozen of Goat Skins and Beaver Skins which (hall be drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain -For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins and Damb Skins which (hall be drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed in Ireland, and which (hall be imported from thence into Great Britain, in the whole Skin, and neither cut nor di-minifhed in any refpe& whatever For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides and Skins not hereinbefore enumerated and deferibed, and of all Pieces and Parts of Hides or Skins which (hall be drefled in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwife tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Bamb Skins which (hall be drefled in Oil in Ireland, and inipprted from thence into Great Britain For every pound Wright Avoirdupois of all other Skins and Parts and pieces of $kins which (hall be drefled in Oil in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain	-	-

For every Dozen of Irifh Vellum imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Dozen of Irifh Parchment imported from Ireland into Great Britain .	?

o o if 030

010

006

020

o o 1}

006 Q o 3

006 o 3 51 o \ 8}

J.EATHEH



Google

SCHEDULE (B.)

£ t.

LEATHER manufactured into Goods and Wares,

d.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of tanned Leather manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares in lreland9 and imported from thence into Great Britain	-

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irifh-made Boots and Shoes and Gloves, and other Manufactures made of tawed or drefled Leather, and imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins drefled in Oil, and manufactured into Goods or Wares in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins not hereinbefore enumerated or defcribed, drefled in Oil, and manufactured into Goods or Wares in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain	-

o o \\

o o 1

003

o • 6

TOBACCO and SNUFF.

For every Pound Weight of unmanufactured Tobacco of the Growth or Produce of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irifh manufactured Short • Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Sp3-nifli, imported from Ireland into Great Britain -For every Pound Weight of Irifh manufactured Shag Tobacco imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irifh manufactured Roll Tobacco imported from Ireland into Great Britain -For every Pound Weight of Irifh manufactured Carrot Tobacco imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of every other Sort of Irifh manufactured Tobacco not hereinbefore enumerated or defcribed, imported from Ireland into Great Britain	-

For every Pound Weight of Irifh manufactured Rappee Snuff imported from Ireland into Great Britain -	*

For every Pound Weight of Irifh manufactured Scotch Snuff imported from Ireland into Great Britain	-	•	-	-

For every Pound Weight of Irifh manufactured Brown Scotch Snuff imported from Ireland into Great Britain	-	-	-

For every Pound Weight of Irifh manufactured Tobacco Stalk Flour imported from Ireland into Great Britain	-	-	*	-	-

002

o © 3

003 003 003

003

002!

o o 3!

002!

003:

Fof

v^ooQle

__________________SCHEDULE	(B.)__________

Leather manufactured —continued.

For every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of Irifh manufactured Snuff or Snuff Work not hereinbefore enumerated or defcribed, imported from Ireland into Great Britain

£ /. d

003*

SCHEDULE (C.) DRAWBACKS.

GLASS.

Drawback.

For every Square Foot fuperficial Meafure of Plate Glafs made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations for which the Duties impofed in refpedt thereof (hall have been paid and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glafs, and of Phial Glafs refpeCtively, which fkall be made in Great Britain, or which (hall be made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and exported from thence to Foreign Parts For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glafs, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glafs, which (hall be made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and exported from thence to Foreign Parts For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glafs, not being Spread Glafs, whether flafhed or otherwife manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glafs or German Sheet Glafs, which (hall be made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and exported from thence to Foreign Parts	-	-	-

For every Hundred Weight of Vclfels made ufe of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glaflcs, and of all other Veffels or Utenfils of Common Bottle Metal manufactured in Ireland, Common Bottles excepted

For every Hundred Weight of Common Bottles, not being Phials, and of Veffels made ufe of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glaffes, and of all other Veffels or Utenlils of Common Bottle Metal made in Great Britain, for which the Duties im-pofed in refpeCt thereof, {hall have been paid and duly exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize

£ /. d. o 3 Si

3 5 3 o 15 o

2 4 7! o 4 o*

o 4 Ol

HIDES



Google

5<5o

C 94.

5i°GE0. IU.

SCHEDULE (C )

A.D.18IV

Dn«^

HIDES and SKINS.

Fur aQ Hides and Calve Skint, Sheep and Lamb Skins, and Seal Skins tanned or tawed in Great Britain, and duly marked or tanned or tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, for which the Duties impofed in refpeCt thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize	-	-

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Leather tanned in Great Britain, or tanned iu Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and chargeable by this ACt, to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties impofed in refpcCt thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts	•

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Goat Skins tanned with Shomach in Great Britain; and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins tanned in Great Britain for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanifh Leather, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts -For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Boots and Shoes made in Great Britain, or made 1.1 Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, of tanned Leather, and exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Parts beyond the Seas other than Ireland	-	-

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Boots, Shoes, Gloves or other Manufactures made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, of any Kind of tawed Leather chargeable by this ACt to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties impofed in refpeCt thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins drefled in Oil in Great Britain, or dreffed in Oil in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, for which tne Duties impofed in refpeCt thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts For ever)’ Pound Weight of all other Skins drefled in Oil in Great Britain, or drefled in Oil in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, for which the Duties impofed in refpeCt thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be manufactured and actually

C Tie

It?*

o 0

CTh

tbt tr tan

o 0

-n.



Google

8l2<

52° GEO. IIL

C94, 95.

SCHEDULE (C.)	Drawback
and Skins—continued.	jC s. d.
le into Goods or Wares, and duly exported from ?at Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts	00 6
rvery Pound Weight of all other Skins except nb Skins, and of a& Hides drefTed in Oil in Great tain, or drefTed in Oil in Ireland and imported a thence into Great Britain, and duly marked for ch the Duties impofed in refpeft thereof fhall e been paid, and which fhall be exported from	CThe Whole
tat Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts	j of the Duties J hereby im-
TOBACCO.	it>of«L
rery Pound Weight of Short Cut Tobacco ma-lftured at any of the Ports of Great Britain into ch Tobacco may lawfully be imported, or bin Two Miles thereof, from Tobacco for which Duties impofed in refpeft thereof fhall have been i, and exported as Merchandize by the Manu-torer thereof from fucb Ports to Foreign Parts -	0 O
very Pound Weight of Shag Tobacco fo manu-mred and exported - -	0 O I I
?ery Pound Weight of Roll Tobacco fo manu-tured and exported	•'ft  H  O  O
very Pound Weight of Carrot Tobacco fo ma-aftured and exported - -	0 c ij

S6i

CAP. XCV. to amend and regulate the Affeflment and Colle&ion he Affefled Taxes, and of the Rates and Duties on Profits ing from Property, Profeffions, Trades and Offices, in tPart of Great Britain called Scotland. [9th July 1812.]

7 HE REAS it is expedient that certain of the Powers and r Provifions contained in an Aft, palTed in the Forty third 43^. j. c.15* t of the Reign of His prefcnt Majefly, intituled An Ad for olidating certain of the Provifions contained in any AS or Ads ting to the Duties under the Management of the Commiffoners for Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the faid Ads, fo far as the t relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and alfo in 43 G*3*c l6,« ther Aft pafled in the fame Year, intituled An AS for repealing feveral Duties under the Management of the Commijjiouers for the airs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for grant-new Duties in certain cafes therein mentioned; for repealing the ties of Excife on Licences, and on Carriages conjtruded by Coach-iers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of faid CommJJioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and alfo new Duties Perfons filing Carriages by AuSion or on Commiffon ; and alfo 45 O. j. c. 95. Aft, palled in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His faid . ajefty, intituled An Ad to amend fo much of an Ad of the Forty « ird Tear of His prefent Mayfly, for confolidating certain of the ttvifions of the Adi relating to the Duties in Scotland, under the

Management

•

A-D. tin.

46 O.3. c. 6j.

4SO. 3- c.55.

50 G. 3. c. 104*

Sheriff Deputes

and SuMlitutes Commiffioners under Property Ads.

4 Management of the Commiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes, 4/ rribfe/

4 /o the Appointment of Affeffors and Sub ColleSors, and the Notices 4 required to be delivered to Perfons affeffed to the faid Duties; and 4 alio in an Aft pafled in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His 4 prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 for granting to His Majesty durisg 4 the prefent War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the R>

4 tification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rata md 4 Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arifi 4 from Property y Profeffions, Trades and Offices, and for repealing 0%

* A3 faffed in the Forty fifth Tear of His prefent Majesty, for rr-4 pealing certain Parts of an A3 made in the Forty third Tear of H'u | 4 prefent Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arifing frtm 4 Property % Profeffions, Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render . 4 more effcSufl the Proviftons for colleding the faid Duties ; and alfo 4 in an Aft pafled in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His faid 4 Majesty, intituled An A3 for repealing the Duties of Affeffed Taxes,

4 and granting new Duties in lieu thereof and certain additional Duties. 4 to be confolidated therewith, and alfo for repealing the Stamp Duties, 4 on Game Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof to k 4 placed under the Management of the Commiffioners for the Affairs ]

4 Taxes; and alfo in an Aft palled in the Fiftieth Year of the Reig 4 of His {aid Majesty, intituled An A3 for altering the AnmmsU of ca 4 tain Duties of Affeffed Taxes granted by an A3 paffed in the Foo eighth Tear of His prefent Majesty*s Reign, and for granting to h 4 Majesty certain other Duties of Affeffed Taxes on the Articles then 4 mentioned; and in any other Aft relating to the Tares to be nik 4 by Affeflment under the Management of the Commiffioners for t!

4 Affairs of Taxes, ftiould be amended in the Particulars heranafl 4 mentioned ;* May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it nay enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majcfl by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual a Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, M by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the paffiogt this Aft, the Sheriff Depute and Sheriff Subftitute, in each Shire 1 Stewartrj in Scotland (hall and are hereby direfted and requited, b virtue ol their Offices aforefaid, without other Qualification or Nf ruination, to aft as Commiffioners in the Execution of the faid recitt Aft paffed in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefa Majesty, and of all and every other Aft or Afts relating to the Rat* and Duties on Profits arifing from Property, Profeffions, Trades in Offices, in the Shire or Stewartry or Diftrift thereof for which theg are appointed Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Subftitute refpeftively, u| (hall not be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for afting therein Commiffioners without the Qualification required by the before reriuA Afts $ and fuch Sheriff Depute and Sheriff Subftitute fhall have fame Powers, Jurifdiftion, Privileges and Authority, as are by tfetfl faid laft recited Aft veiled in the Commiffioners named and pointed in virtue of the Provifions therein contained: Provided ways, that before they aft as Commiffioners aforefaid they (hall talpj the Oath or Oaths prescribed by the faid laft recited Aft: And Commiffioners named and appointed in the feveral Shires and StetM artries in Scotland, in virtue of the Provifions contained in the faid kw recited Aft, are hereby required and direfted to meet as foon ifad the paffing of this Aft as conveniently may be, of the time of whjw

Meetbf]



I$I2.

52 GEO. II!.	0.9$.	§6$

»g due Notice lhall be given to the Sheriffs Depute and Sheriff* ute of the faid refpeCtiye Shires and Stewartries 5 and the faidT s Depute and Sheriffs Subftitute afe hereby required to give Attendance at fuch Meeting, and to take the Oath or Oaths bed by the faid Aft or Afts, which Oath or Oaths any One of d Commiffioners is hereby authorized to adfninifier : Pmaided , that if it fhali ft> happen that any of the faid Sheriffs Depute iftiiute lhall be prevented, by Sicknefs or otherwife, from at-r fuCh Meeting fn. to be appointed as aforefaid, he or they may at any future Meeting pf the faid Commiffioners to take the •r Oaths as aforefaid.

. And whereas, in order to render the Affeffment and Collec-ff the different Duties in Scotland under the Management of Commiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes, fo far as relates to the led Taxes, more convenient and effeftual, it is expedient to Power and Authority to the Commiffioners of Supply in each ty. Shire or Stewartry, to divide themfelves into Diftrifts in Counties, Shires or Stewartries, wherein a Divifion (hall be icable and expedient; which Divifion is to be approved of ter mentioned ;* Be it further enacted, That it (hall be Commiffioner* fur the Convenor of each County, Shire or Stewartry, or of Supply may Event of his Abfence or Failure, for the Sheriff Depute or divide Counties ute of fuch County, Shife or Stewartry, and they are hereby ively directed atid required, aS foon after the palling of this proJvai 0f°Banins conveniently can be done, to fummon a General Meeting of of Exchequer, d Commiffioners of Supply, to be held within the Place where Teetings are ufualfy held, upon a Day to be named in the faid ons, afid Which Summons (hall (late the fpecial Purpofe of fuch g; and the faid Cofnmiffibners, or lo many of them as (hall be : at fticli Meeting, or the major Part of them thdn and there !, taking into their Confiderhtlon the Extent and Population ir refpeftive Couftties, Shires or Stewartries, and the Number fons refident therein, authorized and capable of acting as Comers aforefaid; are hereby authorized, and it lhall be lawful for :o divide their refpeftive Counties, Shires and Stewartries into nil fo many Diftrifts or Divifions as to them lhall feem expe-for the Purpofe of carrying into Effect the Purpofes of the rited Afts refpeftively, according to the Provifionsof this Aft, icy are hereby required upon fuch Divilion to afeertain and fet in Writing the Names of the feveral Parifhes forming each and* fuch Diftrift or Divifion, and to appoint CommiHioncrs to aft Dilfrift Cbmmif-Myfuch Diftrift or Divifion, from amongft thofe who (hall be reli- lionet* appointed dthin or near unto fuch Diftrift, fo that not lefs than Three S^rstni?

I Commiffioners (hall be fo fet down and appointed for each and ^ ce m Min* fuch Diftrift refpe£tively, exclufive of the Sheriff Depute or itutc in fuch Diftrift ; and the faid Commiffioners (hall do every in thrir refpeftive Diftrifts concerning the faid Duties, as {spread and directed to be done by the Commiffioners appointed by l&$ before recited, to aft for the whole of fuch County, Shire ewartry: Provided always, that no more than One Sheriff Sub- Diftrift Commif-P lhall aft at any Meeting, in any County, Shire or Stewartry, ihiurs may aft Divifion or Diftrift thereof : And provided alio, that the faid »n any other tenners or any of them (hall not be feftrained from afting as J*art shir® 9 fttofiioners in any other Part of the County, Shire or Ste.vartry, Stewartr7»

5* Geo. III.	O	o	in



Google

A.D. i8c

5^4

c*9f-

5 2° geq. m.

Cdmmiflirners of Supply tnay appoint Corn-mi flicmer: for Diftrids.

Cities and Boroughs divided Into Diftrids.

C"nr»rpi ft! oners ’ for Diftrid a to heir and determine Appeals#

in which they afe appointed Commiffioners ; and the faid Comnsif* fioners, after they (hall have at fuch General Meeting divided the County, Shire or Stewartry into Diftrids or Divifions as direded by this Ad, are hereby required to fend a Roll or Lift of the feveral Pariffies forming each fnch Diftrid or Division, and alfo a Lift of the Names of the Commiffioners who are to ad in each Diftrid or Divilion, to the King’s Remembrancer of the Exchequer at Edinburgh, who fhall lay the fame before the Barons of Exchequer for their Approbation, and if approved of by them (hall record the faid Lift in his Office.

III.	And be it further enaded, That, for the better Execution

of the aforefaid Ads for granting Duties on Profits arifing from Property, Profeffions, Trades and Offices, paffed in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, in any County which {hall be divided into Diftrids in purfuance of this Ad, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners at their General Meeting, and they are hereby direded to appoint fuch Number of Commiffioners duly qualified agreeably to the faid laft mentioned Acts, as (hall feem to them neccffary and expedient, not exceeding Seven nor lefis than Three, (exclufive of the faid Sheriffs Depute and Sheriffs Subftitute) to ad in Execution of the faid laft mentioned Ads in each fuch Diftrid or Divilion. within the faid County, Shire or Stewartry; and alfo ton appoint a like Number, as above mentioned, of Perfons fo qu?lH fied as aforefaid, to fupply Vacancies arifing in each DHlrid or Sub-divifion within fuch Shire or Stewartry, in manner direded by the faid laft mentioned Ads, who refpedively (hall be Commiffioners for exe-J Cuting the faid Ads in each of their faid refpedive Diftrids.	ft

IV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for tbe| Commiffioners empowered to ad for the feveral Cities and Boroughs! in Scotland, to divide the fame into Diftrids or Divifions, and to! appoint fuoh Commiffioners to ad for fuch Diftrids or Divifioat^ as are by Law at prefent authorized to ad therein, and to do every J tiling that the Commiffioners of Supply for the feveral Counties and; Stewartries are authorized to do by this Ad with regard to Divifios of Diftrids, but fubjed always to the Approbation of the Barons * of Exchequer as aforefaid, and under the fame Regulations and Pro-vifioiis herein enaded ; and fuch Diftrid Commiffioners (hall bare the fame Powers and Authority within their faid feveral Diftrids, • as hereby granted to the Commiffioners of Diftrids of Counties of Stewartries.

V.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid ] refpedive Commiffioners to hear and determine Appeals under the faid ■: recited Ads paflld in the Forty third, Forty fifth. Forty eighth, ' and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, impofing and * regulating the Duties of Affeffed Taxes, and this Ad, in their/

relpedive Diftrids for which they are appointed Commiffioners, at ; the time or times therein mentioned, and at fuch Places as to them*!

fhall feem expedient; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Cotnmif- ! fioners, or the major Part of them prefent at the Firft Meeting to c be held for fcny Year, to appoint and employ a fit Perfon to be that Clerk within fuch Diftrid, to attend them on each Day appointed to hear and determine Appeals under the faid Ads during that Year, and fo yearly, and the faid Clerk (hall diftindly minute all i Appeals-brought before the faid Commiffioners, with the Deter*-1

mirutk*



Google

A.D.i8i2.

52 GEO. III.	C.9J.	5	6;

mination of the Commiflioners thereon, in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpofe, and fhall carefully write the Determination or Judgment of the faid Commiflioners, with the Amount of the Sum relieved, if any Relief is given, upon the Petition or other Document containing the Reafonsof Appeal.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That every Clerk Khali, for his Allowance to Trouble in attending the Commiflioners on Appeals relative to the Clerks to Com* faid Aflefled Taxes, and their tranfading fuch Matters as Khali be m,flloner»' required of him, receive an Allowance not exceeding fuch Allowance as fhall from time to time be certified to be proper by Two

or more of the faid Commiflioners to the faid Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, who may neverthelefs and they are hereby empowered to reftrid the Sum io certified to fuch leKTer Sum or Sums as they Khali think rcafonable, and to grant Warrant for Payment thereof 5 and fuch Clerk fhall not under any Pretence whatever demand, receive or take any Fee, Gratuity or Perquifite, for any Matter or Thing to be done by him touching the faid Appeals, from any Peifon or Per-fons, other than the Allowance to be granted to him as aforefaid under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds.	*	Penalty.

VII.	And be it further cnaded. That the Commiflioners for each Diftritf Com-Diftrid or Divilion fhall hold their Meeting at fotne City, Borough, miflioners to Town or Place fituated within the faid Diftrid or Divifion, which

Khali be moll central and convenient; and they are hereby authorized 0 °rs* and required annually to appoint One or more fufficient Perfons to be Sub Colledor or Sub Colledors of the Monies which (hall be aflefled under the faid Ads within their refpedive Diftrids or Divi-lions, which Sub Colledors for Diftrids or Divifions Khali have Power and Authority to colled and receive from all and every Perfon or Perfons within fuch Diftrids or Divifions for which they are appointed, all and every the Sums of Money for which fuch Perfons are tUcfled under the Authority of the before recited Ads, both as to Doties arifing from the Aflefled Taxes, and upon Profits from Property, Profeffions, Trades and Offices ; and the faid Sub Colledors Khali pay over the faid Duties fo received by them, without Delay, or at fartheft on or before the Firft Day of the next Month after receiving the faid Duties, to the Colledor of the fame Duties refpedively for the County, Stewartry, City or Borough, within which fuch Diftrid or Divifion, or Part thereof, is fituated ; and To account the faid Colledor for the County, Stewartry, City or Borough is MontWy to hereby required to grant to fuch Sub Colledors a Receipt for fuch Monies, in Duplicate, gratis, and (hall be in Charge for the Monies &C/1C* wr * <r* fo received ; one Duplicate of which Receipts the faid Sub Colledors are hereby required immediately to tranfmit to the King’s Remembrancer of Exchequer at Edinburgh, and which Receipts Khali not be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever ; and for their Trouble in colleding and receiving luch Duties, each Sub Colledor Khali have an Allowance of fuch a Proportion of the Statutory Poundage at pre- Allowance lent payable to Colledors, as the faid Barons Khali, upon due Cou-iideration of the circumftances of the cafe, think juft and reafonable ; and which Allowance to be fo made Khali be paid to the feveral Sub Colledors by the Colledors of the fame Duties refpedively for the refpedive Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs, upon an Order from the faid Barons, out of the faid Statutory Poundage;

«d which laid feveral Sub Colledors Khali, before entering into the t O o 2	Execution



A.D.i8re.

Bond.

CommiHionen may divide Shires, kc. into Diftrifts, at General Meeting, without Summons from Convenor.

Arrears due previous to Divifions and Did rids, collected by former Colled or.

Commiffioners failing to meet and divide Shires, kc. Barons of Exchequer may, and alfo appoint Commiffioners for Diftri&s, Clerks, kc.

Surveyors to [pave Notices of AfTeffiuems " Perfous diarged.

C-PS-

52* GEO. in.

Execution of the faid Office, and before lie (hall receive any Money on the faid Duties, enter into Bond, and do every other thing at pre-fent required to be done by the faid recited Ads, by the Colle&orfar the County, Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, fo far as refpefb the Diftrid or Divifion to which he or they (hall be appointed Sub Colledor or Sub Colledors.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That whenever the Commiffionm affembled at any General Meeting held for any County, Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, fhall deem it expedient, it (hall be lawful for them, without any Summons from the Convenor or Sheriff as afore-faid, to divide fuch County, Shire or Stewartry, into Diftri&s or Divifians, and to appoint Commiffioners to ad for fuch Diftrids or Divifions, and to do every thing which they might have done or ale authorized to do by this Ad when fuch Meeting is fpecially fufli-moned by the Convenor or Sheriff as hereinbefore direded.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further ena6led, That all Duties ra Arrear at the time when the faid Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs, (hall be firft divided into Diftrids or Divifions in dut-fuance of this Ad, may be colleded by the refpedive Colledors of the fame Duties relpcdively for each County, Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough ; and the Commiffioners for the refpedive Couni Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs at large may ad in Matters relating to fuch Arrears of Duties, as if no Divifion taken place, unlefs the faid Commiffioners (hall be of Opinion that fame mould, and fhall dired the fame to be collided by the ledors of Diftrids, under the Controul and Superintendence of X>iftrid Commiffioners.

X.	And be it further ennded. That if any Failure (hall happ on the Part of the Commiffioners aforefaid for any County, Snii Stewartry, City or Borough in Scotland\ to meet aud divide tl refpedive Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs, ii Diftrids or Divifions in manner hereinbefore direded, and at the ti hereinbefore mentioned, it (hall be lawful for the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, if they think it proper and expedient, taking into their Confideration the Extent and Population of County, Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, and of the Nui of Pcrfon9 iefident therein, authorized and capable of ading as mifiionefs aforefaid, forthwith to caufe fuch County, Shire, J>fc artry. City or Borough, to be divided into fuch and fo many Difti and Divifions as to them (hall feem expedient for the Purpofe carrying into Effed the Purpqfcs of this Ad, and to fix and afeefc: taip. the Names of the Parilhes forming each and every fuch Diltrah or Divifion, and appoint Commiffioners, Sub Colledors and Clerk* '' in the fame manner and uftder the fame Regulations and Pfovi&xfe ■ as are hereinbefore enaded.

4 XI. And whereas, in the faid Part of Great Britain called Scdk 4 land certain Inconveniencies and Delays in the Colledion of 4 faid Duties have been found to arife, from the prefent Mode of 4 ing the Notices of Affeffment, which by the faid recited Ads nrdl 4 be given to the Parties cliarged with the faid (evcral Diitk*^ Be it therefore ena6ted, That the feveral Surveyors appointed unSt; the Authority of the aforefaid Ads (hall and they are hereby e%; joined and required, on or before the Firft Day ofNovember ia «d Year, to deliver to the Perfons charged within their refpedive D&

	|

.i8j2.

52" GEO. III.

C-Stf.

567

ei^bqr personally or at the Places of their laft Abode, or on the fee charged with the AflefTment, as the cafe may require, a of the fevered Duties for which fuch Perfon or Perfons is or are d, and which Notice (hall fpecify the Time and Place when and the faid Duties are to be paid, and (hall alfo fpecify within time all fuch Perfon or Per lb ns who may confider themfelves rved by the faid Afleflinent may appeal to the faid Commif-» for Relief, agreeably to the Regulations in the faid recited n that cafe made and provided.

1. And be it further enaded, That thefeveral Clerks appointed the Authority of the faid recited Ad, pafTed in the Forty fixth >f the Reign of His prefent Majesty, impofing certain Rates >ntie& ariiiag from Profits on Property, Profeffions, Trades and s, (hall ana they are hereby authorized and required, within uys after the AffefTment for the Year fhall be made up for any ft, to deliver to the AfiefTor of fych Dilirid, appointed by the liffioners gdiug under the faid lall mentioned Ad, a Copy their Hands of the faid AflefTment for fuch Diftrid, with an therepu for fuch Afibdor delivering a Note of the Sum charged Parties charged therewith, either perfonnlly or at the Places rir laft Abode, or on the Premifes charged with the AffeflTment, cafe may require, and which Note ffiall fpecify tlic Time and when and where the Duties fo charged are to be paid, and fhall ecify within what time all fuch Perfons may, if they confider Ives aggrieved by fuch Charge or AflefTment, appeal for Re-the faid Commifflowers ading under the laft recited Ad, agree*

5 the Regulations of the Statute in that cafe made and pro-I and the AflefTbr to whom fuch Copy and Order (hall be de*

,, (hall, within Fourteen Days after Receipt thereof, make Noti-1 as aforefaid thereupon, and return the (;hl.Copy to the ifrom whom he received the f.ime, with a Cer^MH^e upon Oath One of the Commiflioners aforefaid, that he qSftwhtify the fame manner preferib^dby this Act.

[f. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Perfon or Per-all not pay the feveral Sum or Sums charged upon him, her or by any Ad or Ads herein mentioned, according to the Direc-rantaiued iu fuch Ad or Ads or by this Ad, it (hall be lawful to r any Two of the Commiflioners aforefaid for any Shire, Stesv-City, Borough or D‘ftrid thereof refpedively, or for the F Depute or Subftitute for fuch Shire or Stewartry, and they reby required refpedively, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds hg, upon Certificate made to them or either of them by the 2olledor or Sub Colledors that fuch Duties are reding and not aid, to ifTue and grant a Warrant or Warrant* under their Hands ie (aid Sub Colledors recovering the faid Duties, by poinding and iniog the Goods and Effects of any Perfon or rerfoqs men-1 ia fuch Certificate, and who (lull not have paid the Sums by aflefled upon him, her or them; which Warrant (hall be ited by the Conftables or Sheriff Officers of the County, Shire, ar(,ry, City or Borough, by poinding and diftraining the Goods bfFetU belonging to fuch Perfon or Perfons at the time the faid |ts became in Arrear ; and the Gpods and Effeds fo poinded and lifted fhall be detained and kept on the Ground or at the Houfe e the fame were poinded or diftraiaei, or in fuch other Place, of O o 3	which

vjOOQIC

Clerks to Oliver to Afleflorf of Dirtrifls Copy of Afleffroenc, with Order for AfTcflor to notify to Party Sum charged ;

AfTefTor K> cmv lily compliance!

Recovery of

Duti, 3.

Penalty.

A.D.i8n

568

C.9j.

52- GEO. III.

Sale of Effedt poinded*

Penalty.



which the Owner {hall have Notice, near to the faid Ground or Houfe, as the Officer or Conftable fo poinding and diftraining the fame (hall think proper, for the Space of Four Days, during which time the faid Goods and Effe6ts (hall remain in the Cuftody of the faid Officer or Conftable* liable to the Payment of the whole Duty in Arrear, and to the Cofts to be paid to the Officer or Conftable who poinded the fame, as hereinafter dire&ed, unlefs the Owner from whom the fame were poinded and diftrained ffiall redeem the fame within th* faid Space of Four Days by Payment of the faid Duties in Arrear and Cofts to the Officer or Conftable, to "be fettled in the fame manntf as if the faid Goods and Effe&s had been fold as hereinafter dire&ed.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That the Goods and Effe&sfo poinded or diftrained (hall, after the Expiration of the faid Four Days, be valued and appraifed by any Two Perfons to be appointed by the Officer or Conftable, (which Two Perfons (hall be obliged to value the fame, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings Sterling for each Negledt or Refufal) and (hall be fold and difpofed of at a Sum not lefs than the Value, by the Officer or Conftable who does poind the fame, and the Value to be applied in the Firft Place to the Satif. fa&ion and Payment of the Duties owing by the Perfon whefe Goods are fo poinded, and in the Second Place to the Payment for thf Trouble of the Officer or Conftable fo poinding, at the Rate ol Two Shillings per Pound of the Duties for which the Goods fnallbe fo poinded and diftrained, unlefs the Owner from whom the fasie weie poinded or diftrained (hall redeem the fame by Payment of the appraifed Value, within the Space of Four Days after the Valuation, to the Officer who poinded the fame; and in cafe any Surplus ftul remain of the Price or Value, after Payment of the faid Duties, an< after Payment of what is allowed to be retained by the Officer ot Conftable in manner herein dire&ed, fuch Surplus {hall be returcei to the Owner from whom the Goods were poinded or diftrained ; and in cafe no Purchafer do appear at the faid Sale, then the faid Good* and Effe&s fo poinded and diftrained fhall be configned and lodged in the Hands of the Sheriff Depute of the County, or his Subftitute, anc if not redeemed by the Owner within the Space of Four Days afier the Confignment in the Hands of the faid Sheriff Depute or Subfti-y tute, that the fame (hall be rouped, fold and difpofed of, by Order of the Sheriff, in fuch manner and at fuch Time and Place as he {half appo:nt, he always being liable to the Payment of the Duties to the faid Sub Collector, and to Payment to the Officer or Conftable who ihall have poinded and diftrained the fame, for their Trouble and Ex* pence as before ftated, and to the Fees due to the Officer or ConT liable, and (hall be in the Third Place entitled to One Shilling per Pound of the Value of the Goods fo difpofed of, for h’s own Pains and Trouble, after Preference and Allowance of the faid Duties, and of what is appointed to be paid to the Officer or Conftable for their Trouble ; and that there likewife (hall be allowed to the Officer or Conftable fo poinding and diftraining, the Expence of preferring the faid Goods and Effects, and of maintaining the Cattle, if there Ihould happen to be any among the Goods and Effects fo poinded and diftrained, from the time of poinding and diftraining the fame, during the Period allowed to the Owner to redeem them, and alfa the Expence of the Sale ; and in like manner the Expence (hall be allowed to the Sheriff, for preferving and maintaining the Goods or

Cattk

CjOOQlC

A.D.i8j2.

5*9

52® GEO. III.

Cattle poinded and diftrained, during the Perutof that the Owner <is allowed to redeem, after Confignmenp-in his Hands, and until the Sale thereof, and alfo the Expenee of the Sale ; and where no Goods or Effects fufficient for Payment of the faid Duties can be found to be fo poinded and diftrained, and the Perfon liable fhall negled or re-fufe to pay the fame, in every fuch cafe any One of the Commiflioners aforefaid, or the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute, fhall be and is hereby authorized and required, under hk Hand, to commit fuch Perfon to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail until Payment fhall Imprifonment. be made.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That every Colledor and Col- Collectors to Ie&ors of the faid feveral Duties, now appointed or hereafter to be ^anfmit J.iftsot appointed to collect or receive the faid feveral Duties for any Shire, torJ^^»*nRe- ^ Stewartry, City or Borough in Scotland, wherein the faid feveral Du- rnembrancer in lies or any Part thereof fhall be reding and unpaid to the faid Col- Exchequer, ledor or Collectors on the Firft Day of Augujl next enfuing the

paffing of this Ad, fhall within Thirty Days alter the palling of this Ad, and they refpedively are hereby required to tranfmit to the King’s Remembrancer of the Exchequer at Edinburgh, a Lift or Schedule, containing the Names, Surnames and Places of Abode, of every Perfon in Arrear for the faid Duties, together with the Sums due and owing by every fuch Perfon refpedively, diftinguifhing the Year and Years in which the faid Duties in Arrear were afleffed,aod the Day or Days when the fame refpedively became due, which Lift or Schedule being verified upon Oath in the manner hereinafter direded with refped to Arrears accruing in any Year now to come, fhall be laid before the faid Barons in like manner as is alfo hereinafter direded with refped to future Arrears, who may at their Difcretion dired the faid Arrears to be levied and paid in like manner and under the like Powers as the faid Barons are hereinafter empowered to caufe the faid future Arrears to be levied and paid.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That every Colledor or Col- Colled!ors fo le&ors of the faid feveral Rates and Duties for the Shires and Stew- tranimit 00 Ex-artries. Cities and Boroughs, or Diftrids thereof, fhall and they are

hereby required refpedively under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds Cwnls 0/' Sterling, on or before the Firft Day of Augufi in each Year, or within Arrears.

Ten Days thereafter, to tranfmit to the King’s, Remembrancer of Penalty, the Exchequer at Edinburgh, a Lift or Schedule containing the Names, Surnames and Places of Abode of every Perfon in Arrear for the faid Duties, together with the Sums due and owing by every fuch Perfon refpedively for the Year preceding the faid Firft Day of Augujl in each Year as aforefaid ; and which Lift or Schedule fhall be verified upon Oath before the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute of the Shire or Stewartry, or before the Chief Magitlrate of the City or Borough for which he or they is or are Colledor or Colledors pf the (aid feveral Duties $ and the King’s Remembrancer aforefaid fhall, immediately upon receiving the faid Lift or Schedule, lay the fame before the faid Barons, or any One of them, who are or is hereby authorized and empowered, if he or they fhall judge it expedient, to iffue his or their Order to the faid feveral Commiflioners of the fame Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough or Diftrid thereof, to levy the Arrear or any Part thereof in the faid Lift or Schedules contained, and Triple Duties by Diftrefs in the way and manner direded by the faid recited Ad palled in the Forty third Year of the Reign of I3 O o 4.	/^>	His

*	Digitized	by vjOO^IC	^



C-9S*

52® GEO. III.

Collectors to tranfmit to Exchequer an-

Duties.

Penalty.

His prefect Majpfly : Provided always, that the Baron oc I ifluing fuch Order on the fa id Commifiioners to levy by 3 k may, if he or they think fit, reftrift the Penalty of the Tripk I to a Moiety or other fmaller Part thereof; and the Warrant Commiflioqers to be iflued thereupon to the Colle&or or Col: nnjft recite the Order of the Barons, and be iflued for the Datie paid, and for the Triple Duties, or the Moiety or other fmalkr of the Triple Duties, as in faid Order, and for the CofU, a* dir. by this Att.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Collector «r ^ lc£fors of the aforefaid Rates and Duties for the faid Shirrs. S artrjes, Cities and Boroughs or Diitricts thereof, (hall on or bn r

of Sumslevied"^ the Twelfth Day of November in each Year (under the Fedsh -frfame of Triple Twenty Pounds Sterling) make up and tranfmit to the Kiag* C ~	membran^er of the Exchequer at Edinburgh, an Account of a&

which may have been levied and received by them under thr thority of the Order of the faid Barons or any One of them as -faid ; and which (hall not have been paid over to the Colle&or c iame Duties refpe&ively, for the fame Shire, Stewartry, C: Borough, or to the Receiver General at Edinburgh ; and aifo a count of all fuch Sums as have been paid overby him or them t» faid Receiver General; which Account (hall be verified upon befoie the Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute of the Shire or I artry, or his Subflitute, or before the Chief Magiftrate of the C 1 Borough for which he or they is or arc Collector or Collectors 'J faid feveral Duties ; and the King’s Remembrancer fhall, fo f conveniently may be after the Receipt thereof, lay the fame e .the faid Barons, who {hall confider the fame, and direct the An-then retting with the faid Collectors or any of them, to be pasd ( to the Receiver General at Edinburgh, or his Deputy or Dry* who fhall remit and pay the fame into the Receipt of His M* Exchequer at IVcJlminJhr

XVIII.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe the I) aflefied in Scotland (hall not be paid to the Receiver General by

Deficient i<s of Dutks siting from Failure or Default of Collectors. re-sflefT-by Order of B«ron$ of Exchequer.

foil of any Failure of the Collectors, either in the Performance ot

Duty, or in not paying over the Money received by him acco to the Directions of this and the faid recited A6ts or any of t and any Deficiency fiiall remain after Diligence ufed againfl fuefc lector or his Surety or Sureties, or in cafe of Death, againd hii eulers or Adminiftrators, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful the faid Barons, and they are hereby authorized and required to their Order to the Commifiioners, or to the Surveyor or Server of the Diftrift, requiring them to caufe the deficient Sum to rc-aflefied within the faid Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough * Diftrift thereof in Sco/land, where fuch Failure has happened, foon as the fame can be dune after the Amount of fuch D afeertained, upon thofe Perfons fuhjc&cd to the Payment of the Duties in the Year when the Re-aflcfiinent {hall be made, by portioning the Amount of fuch Deficiency amongfl them, to each rerfon’s Aflcflment, as near as the cafe will admit l»ke Rules and Modes by which the original AfTefTments were**k 0/ the Duties aflefied in that Year; which Sum fo re-affefled ibaH kvit d and collc&ed in fuch manner as the faid Duties may be n awd levied in Scotland.

XIX. Ai

Google

01 •

*3:





5a0 GEO III.

G.95.

C. And be it further enafted, That aH competent and legal s of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, whether by Horning erwife, direftrd by the before recited Statute patted in the third Year of the Reign of His prefect Majesty, to iffue upon granted by Collectors and their Sureties, for the faithful nance of their Duty, and the duly paying over the feveral cohered by them to the Receiver General at Edinburgh, or pnty or Deputies, or by Snb Collectors nominated under the rity of this Aft, for the faithful Performance of their Duty, r their duly paying over the Duties colle&ed by them to the or of the fame Duties refpeftively, may iffue in the Name of 1 Receiver General at Edinburgh for the time being, or his p or Deputies.

And be it further eoafted, That every Au&ioneer or Seller r.miffion, felling by Auftion in Scotland any Goods or Effefts ever by any Mode of Sale at Auftion, {hall, at lead Three efore he, fhe or they do begin any Sale by way of Auftion, or caufe to be delivered to the^CoHeftor of the faid Duties vely within whole Dill rift fuch Sale is intended to be, a Notice ting, figned by fnch Auctioneer or Seller by Auftion/ fpeci-berein the particular Day when fuch Sale is to begin, ana the ind Surname of the Perfon or Perfons, with his or their Place idence, whofe Goods and Effefts are to be fold 5 and if any tuftioneer or Seller by Auftion fhall prefume to fell any fuch and Effects by way of Auftion, without delivering the Notice •efore required to be delivered, evpry fuch Aliftipueer or Per-ing by Auftion, offending therein, fhall, for every fuch Offence, and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

I. And be it further enafted, That no Order or Certificate r granted by the CommiffionerB appointed for the Execution faid recited Aft paffed in the Forty fixth Year of His prcfent p's Reign, for Payment of the Poundage allowed by Law to rrk of the faid Coramiffianers, or to his Affiftant, or to any r of the faid Duties, fhall he valid or feffcftual, without the of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland firft obtained thereon ; (hall be in the Power of the faid Barons, by their faid Order, to rid the Allowance of fuch Poundage or fuch Part thereof, in f any culpable Negieft, Omiffion or Delay in the faid Clerk or nt Clerk, or Affeffor, in .the Execution of his or their xefpec-uties, as to the faid Barpns, on full Coniideration of the cafe, ippear juft and proper; and in the Event of the Sufpeniionor (tal of any fuch Clerk or Affiftant or Affeffor from the refpec-Sees by the (aid Barons, it fhall be lawful for and in the Power faid Barons to nominate and appoint any Perfon or Perfons to : Duty of the faid feveral Offices, in the Place ,or Stead of fuch nor Perfons fo fufpended or dt&nified,.until the (aid Gommif-i (hall nominate apd appoint a fit Perfon or Perfons to perform tyeral Duties of the faid Offices, as empowered or required by id recited Aft; and the Perfon or Perfons fo to be appointed t faid Barons fhall be entitled to the feveral Allowances au-icdhy Law to be made to the refpeftive Clerks or Affeffors. til. And be it further enafted. That no Clerk or Affiftant Clerk, Beftor, afting under the Authority of the faid laft recited Aft is Aft, fhall oq any Pretence whatever, direftlj or iudireftlg



S 71

Procefsbv Horning, Sec. to iffue in Name of Receiver Geneial of Scotland,

Auctioneers to give Noticei of §alesor A unions to Collector* of DiftriCts.

Penalty.

No Poundage paid to Clerks or Affeffori without Orders from Barons.

Ne Collector nr Clerk to hold more than one Office.

A.DiSn.

Penalty.

Rules and Regulations not alter, ed, in force.

R ecovery of Penalties.

A & altered, &c.

G-3 e. 21.

308,8731. reserved yearly at Exchequer being average yearly Amount of Bounty on Linens.

C.9J, 96.

52® GEO. in.

hold or enjoy, or exercife or receive* or be entitled to the whole or ary Part of the Emoluments* more than one* of the faid Situations of Clerk or Affillant Clerk, or Colle&or* under the faid A A ; and if any Clerk or Afliftant Clerk, or Collector, (hall aGt in the contrary,be or they (hall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling, and further be rendered incapable of again a&ing as Clerk or Clerk’s AfiHhat, or Collector, in the Execution of this Ad, or of any other Ad grantor Duties under the Management of the Coramiiuoners for the AftainK Taxes.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That all Rules, Rcgulatii Claufes, Matters and Things contained in the faid recited Ads, far as the fame are applicable, and are not hereby altered or (hall be in force in relation to this Ad, and (hall be conftrued" in all refpeds, as if the fame were inferted herein and formed a thereof.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That all pecuniary Peralta and Forfeitures impofed by this Act (ball and may be fued for, a covered and applied, in fuch Manner and Form as is direded by tk faid recited Ads refpedively in regard to the pecuniary' Penalties zj Forfeitures thereby impofed.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That this Ai or any of the Provifions thereof, may be amended, altered or repeak by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent Seflion of Parliament

CAP. XCVI.

An Aft for applying the Amount of the Bounties on certa Linens exported from Great Britain towards defraying Charge of the Loan made and Stock created in the prefc Seflion of Parliament.	[9th	July 181;

*	TT7HEREAS an Ad was made in the Twenty third Year f W the Reign of His prefent Majclly, intituled An Ad J

*	granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of Britifti and Irifti Bt 4 rams and HI lettings, Britifti and Iriih Linens, Britifti CaUicoes i

*	Cottons, or Cottons mixed with Linen, printed, painted, jiaimed 4 dyed in Great Britain : And whereas the Bounty granted by 1

*	faid Ad will expire on the Fifth Day of July One thoufaud eig

4 hundred and twelve : And whereas it is expedient that the Amot"

*	of the faid Bounty fliould be appropriated towards the Purpofe 4 defraying the incrcafed annual Charge occa(onal by any Loan ma 4 or Stock created in the prefent Seflion pf Parliament y9 Be it tbei fore enaded by the King’s Molt Excellent Maiefty, by and with tl Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Can mons, in this prefent Parliament aflembied, and by the Authority the fame, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufn eight hundred and twelve, there (ball be referred and let apart at tl Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer at IVeJlminJler, the yearly So of Three hundred and eight thoufand eight hundred and Kveot three Pounds, being the average yearly Amount of the faid Bounty by Four equal Portions, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Da of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of Odmier 1 every Year, towards defraying the increased annual Charge occafiona by any Loan made or Stock created by virtue of any A& or A& palled or to be palled in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

8	CAP.

VjOOQLC

5 2° GEO. ni.

C.97.

S 73

cap. xcvir.

fl to amend feveral Afts relating to the Revenue of In* Excife and Taxes in Ireland.	[9th July 1812.]

^HEREAS by an Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to grant to HU f/!y> Duties upon Spirits made or dijlilled in Ireland from Corn, low certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof\ to make fur-Regulations for the Encouragement of licenfed DtJUllersy and for ding the Laws relating to the Dijlillery in Ireland, it is, amongft r things, enafted, that until the Commencement of the Summer :es which will be in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and re, it /hall not be lawful for the Court or Judge at the Aflizcft ny County or County of a City or Town in Ireland> or at any nting Term in the County or County of the City of Dubliny to my Pari/h, Townland, Manor or Lord/hip, in any Sum of ey or Penalty, on any Information which /hall have been given y Juftice of the Peace at any time after the palling of the faid for any Offence againll any Aft in force in Ireland for the re-ting and collefting the Duties on Spirits, by the having, keeping ing any unlicenfea Still or Part of a Still, or any Appendage to 11, or any Worm, or any Utenfil for diftiiling Spirits, or any h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, contrary to Law : And •eas by an Aft made in the faid Fiftieth Year, intituled An A3 'efpiling certain Fines impofed on Stills in Ireland, it was enafted, all fuch Fines as might have been impofed on or after the Tenth of March in the faid Year, on Pari/hes or Townlands in Ireland, nlicenfed Stills or Parts of Stills,or Materials for illicit diftiiling. Id be and the fame were thereby refpited : And whereas the limited in and by the faid firfl recited Aft for preventing the ofition of fuch Fines will fhortly expire, and it is expedient lly to repeal all fuch Fines Be it therefore enafted, by the 5 Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-f the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this t Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, from and after the palling of this Aft, it (hall not be lawful e Court or Judge at any Afiizes for any County or County of a )r Town in Ireland, or at any prefenting Term in the County unty of the City of Dublin, to fine any Pari/h, Townland, r or Lord/hip, in any Sum of Money or Penalty for or in refpeft f unlicenfed Still or Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, jr Worm, or any Utenfil for diftiiling Spirits, or any Wa/h, Pot Low Wines or Singlings, being ufed or found in any Pari/h, nland, Manor or Lord/hip in Ireland; any thing in an Aft in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, inti An A3 to amend an A3 made in the Forty Jixth Tear of His it Majejly, for the regulating and fecuring the Colle3ion of the ts on Spirits dijlilled in Ireland, or in any other Aft or Afts in ' in Ireland to the contrary notwithftanding ; but that all and f the Claufes and Provifions in the faid laft recited Aft, and in other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland contained, with refpeft to impofingand levying of all or any fuch Fines, /hall, from and after palling of this Aft, be and the fame are hereby repealed.

fi L.And

VjVJUVLV.

$o G.3. c. 15.

5*

So G. 3. c. 100.

After pa fling Aft no Fine im-potVd or levied uuder 47 G. 3. SefT. a.c. I7« or any other A£t.

Provident a* to fuch Fiues repealed*

Cmmifli oners of Excite, Sec. to try Informations for Penal-

t'u s a-ainlt A6ts relating to retail Spirit Licences refervinf Jurif-di*M ion of Mates, Sec.

14 Car. 2. (T.) SefT. 4. c. 8.

46 G.3.C.106.

Appeal-

Power for recovering Penalties not affected.

No Appeal by an unlicenled Diftiller or Spirit Retailer, from Conviction, (hall flay Execution, unlefs Security given to abide Event f f Appeal.

C.97:	5tPGEO.UI.	A.D.i*a

II. And be it further enafted, That whenever any Fine, Penaky or Forfeiture, (hall after the Commencement of this Aft he incurred for any Offence againft any Aft or Afts in force for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail te/re- J land, it (hall and may he lawful for the Commimoners of inland €x-eife and Taxes, and their Sub Commiffioners within their refpt&ve Jurifdiftions, to bear, try and determine jany Information or Co&i plaint for the Recovery of any fuch Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture ; aid every fuch Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture fhall be raifed, levied, cd* lefted, paid, fuedfor and recovered, in the fame manner aud unda fuch Powers and Authorities, and hy fuch ^Vays and sccprdine fuch Rules and Directions as are appointed, direfted and expreflccfoi the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Aft nude in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years pf the Reign of His bit, Majdly C bar la the Second, intituled jin Act for fettling of tpe Ext$i qr new Impofl upon His Mayfly, bis Heirs ana Succrffors, accorebag tbe Book of Rates therein injerted ; or in and by an Aft made in thtf Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An provide for the better Execution of the fevcral Alls relating to the Jfat venues, Matters and Things, under tbe Management of tbe CcmpijfficnsrA of Cujloms and Port Dudi s, and of tbe Commiffoners of Inland Exe\ and Taxes in Ireland, as fully aud etfcftually to all Intents and Pm pofes as if the fame were herein expreflfed and enacted, .with the lib Remedy of Appeal, to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as I and by the faid Acts is provided ; and fuch Fines, Penalties aud Ftf feitures (ball and may;be applied in fi^ch manner, as in and by tl faid lad recited Afts is direfted, except where the Application therd is by Law otherwifeprovided.

If I. Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing herein ct* taiped (hall extend to repeal or take away any of the Ways, Method Powers or Authorities appointed, direfted orexprefled, touching t) filing for and Recovery of fuch Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures in a* Aft or Afts in force in Ireland at or immediately before tbe Coa menpement of this Aft, for regulating Licences for the Sale of Sf rituous and other Liquors by Retail.

JY* And be it -further enafted. That wbfn any Perfon. not beil a licejifed Diftiller, nor being lipenfcd to fell Spirituous Liquors 1 Retail, (hall be conyifted of any Offence again ft the Pravifiorvs of aptf Aft or Afts in force in Ireland for regulating and fecuriog the Cot leftion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland, or for .regulating the felling of Spirituous Liquors hy Retail in Ireland, no Appeal OS be brought by any fuch Perfon (hall lLy,or prevent the Execution of any Warrant or Procefs of the Coromiffioners of Inland Lxcifc and Taxes in Ireland, or their Sub Conuniifioners, for the di draining of any Goods or Chattels m the Ufe,,Cuftody or Poffiflion of fuch Per^ fun, or for the Committal of fuch Perfon, unlefs and until fuch Pcrfog fhall, with Two Sureties to be approved of by the Colkftor of the piftrift, have entered into a Bond to His Majesty, Lis Heics and I Succeffors, in a penal Stun equal to Double the Amount of the I$e-nalty incurred, conditioned to pay the faid Penalty fo impofed^ xa cafe the Judgment or Conviftio.n fop the fcqie fhall be iphoUy and if only affirmed in Part, then conditioned to pay fo quich of ipek Penalty as fuch Perfon (hail pn fuch Appeal be adjudged to liase forfeited y which Bond fhali he twen ty	Cpllcftqr, who (hall g-aat

	J

$2» GEO. III.

C.91.

ffieate of haring taken fucH Bond; and the Perfon tendering ch Appeal (hall lodge filch Certificate with the Regiftrsr of immimotlcYs fdr Appeals before fuch Appeal (hall be received. And be it further etra&ed, That no Diftiller in Ireland (hall tty Shar^in or1 be ih any manner Concerned in the Sale of Spi-t Liquors by* Retail; and if any Diftiller fhail, contrary hereto, ny Share in orb£ in anymanner concerned in fuch Sale, every Hftiflef fhafl, for every fnch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two d Pounds.

And be it further erra&ed:, That if aft y Cafk or Veffel con-'atiy Wafh, Pot Ale* Low Wines or Singlings, fhail be found Poffeflion of any Perfon not authorized by Law to have or ich Wafh, Pot Ale* Low Wines ot Singlings, ev^ry fuch Per-whofe Pofieffion any fuch Cafk or Veffel fhkll be fo founds rfat the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each fuch Cafk or Veffefy lirion to any Penalty which fuch Perfon may by Law be fub* in rcfpe& of fuch Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines of Singlings.

. And be it further enfctted, That whenever any Officer of (ball find any unlieehfed Still, Still Head, or Worm of a Still k UtenfiJ commonly ufed in the Diftiffation of 3pirits, or any Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, not being in the Poffeffiori Perfon duly authorized to keep the fame, and fhail at the line difeorer any Perfon aiding in or carrying orr any Part of atefs of ftich unlieenfed Diftillation, every fuch Perfon, m Ad-to any other Penalty or Punifhment to which he may by L*W pd, fhail forfeit any Sum to be adjudged by a Juftice of thd for the County in which fuch Place fhail be fituate, which jftioe irr his Difcretion fhal! judge fit, not lefs than Five Pound* reading Ten Pounds; and it fhail and may be lawful for fuch and his A Aidants to arreft every fuch Perfon fo difeovered and • hhrf before fuch Juftice of the Peace* and it fhail and may fid to and for fuck Juftice of the PeaceV upon tire ConfefBort Party, or by Proof dn the Oath of One credible Witneis* to t Perfoiir fo difeovered, and to order and adjudge that tlid effort To ccmvi&ed fhal! forfeit any Snm which fuch Juftice (hall Difcrtftion think fit, not l£fs than Five Pentads nor exceeding ’ootids ; and the faid Perfons fo cotfvidled (hall immediately pay id Penalty to fuch Juftice of tire Peace, to be applied as here1 ris directed ; arid if tbe faid Perfon fo couvi&ed (hall not forth* jay (he faid Penalty, it fhail and may be lawful for the faid ?, and he is hereby required by Warrant to commit fuch Perfort fon, there to remain for any Space of time not lefs than Three t>t niore thatf Six Calendar Months from the Day of Convidion, uch JPcrfon fo convided fhail not be fooner difeharged unlefs ill hate paid tbe faid Penalty 5 and every fuch Penalty when fo Kail be applied by fuch Juftice in manner hereinafter mentioned ; t to fay, One Moiety of every fuch Penalty as (hall be levied in 'omy of the City of Dublin* or the Liberties thereunto belong* (hall be paid to the Cftdrrthwardens of the Parifh in which fuch let flbtH be committed, for the Ufe of the Poor therein, and Mki&t of fuch Penalty as fhail be levied in any other Part of fefflnm be paid to the Treafurer of the Public Infirmary or fed of the County in Which the Offence fhail be committed, for Ke of fach lufirmafjr or Hofphsl, and the other Moiety of fuch

Penalty-

VjOOQ iC

SIS

Diftiller having Share in Sale of Spirits by Retail. Penalty.

Perfons in whoft Puffeifion Calks difeovered containing Pot Ale, &c.

Penalty.

Officers of Excite may arreft Perfons aiding in unlieenfed DiftiP* lery and bring them before a J ut! ice of the Peace, who may fine them, fcc.

Apt'’i :ati.»n of Penalty,*

A.D.18U.

Petfons convicted of Mif-demeanor for • ufing an unlicensed Still, &c. Penalty, See.

45 jylJ

extended to

Millers in whofe Mills Malt found svithout Permit.

Penalty-.

45 G. 3. c. 53. $ II. ilS to lprinkling Corn, See. in Couch Frame, ice. iepcaied.

C.97.

5rGfi0.HL

Penalty (ball in all cafes be paid to the Officer who (hall arreft tha Perfon fo convidted, fuch Moiety to be applied by fuch Officer in rewarding himfelf and his Affillaiits in fuch maimer and ia fuch Propor* tions as the faid Commiflioners of Excife (hall order and diredfc.

VIII.	And be it further euadled. That whenever any PerfonibQ beconvi&ed of a Mifdemeanor for making ufe of any unlicenfed Still, Still Head or Worm, or for diftilling, or for having or keeping a his PofTeflion any fuch Still, Still Head or Worm, or for making ay Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or for brewing, making or fermenting any Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, wherewith and with Intent J to diftil Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, without having a Licence I in force purfuant to Law tor diftilling, every fuch Perfon convicted of J any of the Offences aforefaid fhall, in Addition to any other Puniih. , ment to which fuch Perfon may be fubje&, forfeit a Sum not ex* j ceeding One hundred Pounds nor lefs than Ten Pounds* as the Couit; fhall in its Difcretiou think fit, to be paid to the Profecutor; and ; fuch Perfon fo convidted fhall be imprifoned until fuch Fine fhall be j paid : Provided always, that the time of fuch Imprifonment &a3h. not exceed in any cafe the Period of Six Calendar Months.	I

.	* IX. And whereas by an A& made in the Forty fifth Year oq

‘ His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An A8 for the CoUeQ'tcntA 4 the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltfter, ■ x is, amongft other things, enacted, that it fhall and may be lawful fo 4 any Officer of Excife to enter into the Houfcs or Mills of any Per

*	fon or Perfons having Malt in his, her or their PofTeflion, and ti

*	demand a Permit figned by the proper Officer, for all Malt thj 4 fhall be found therein, except fuch Malt as fhall be made by

*	Maltfter or Maker of Malt, or by any Perfon making Malt for 4 or her own private Ufe and not for Sale, and found in the Mi

*	Stores of fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt, or other Perfon d

*	regiftered 5 and if on Demand made by fuch Officer, a Permit

*	Certificate (as the cafe may be), of force for fuch Malt fhall not

*	produced within a reafonable time after fuch Demand, then all fa

*	Malt fhall be forfeited and may be feized, and every Perfon in who! f PofTeflion as aforefaid any Malt fhall be found without fuch Pena

*	or Certificate, fhall for every Barrel of fuch Malt fo found forfeit th

*	Sum of Twenty Shillings s And whereas Doubts have arifc

*	whether Millers in whofe Mills Malt may be found without fuch Ra

*	mit or Certificate are fubjeft to the aforefaid Penalty of Twear

* Shillings impofedby the faid Adi for every Barrel of Malt fo foon 4 without fuch Permit or Certificate For the removing of whid Doubts, it is hereby declared and enadted, That whenever any MjI fhall be found by any Officer of Excife in the Mill of any Miller b Ireland, if on Demand by fuch Officer, a Permit or Certificate (a the cafe may require), of force for fuch Malt fhall not be’ produce within a reafonable time after fuch Demand, all fuch Malt fhall U forfeited and may be feized, and the Miller in whofe Mill fuch Mai fhall be found without fuch Permit or Certificate, fhall for crcrj Barrel of fuch Malt forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings.	<

X.	And be it further enadted, That fo much of the laid laft recited Adi of the Forty fifth Year aforefaid, as en&dls, that if any Com oe Grain fhall be wetted or fprinkled with Water in the Couch Frame a on the Floor, all fuch Corn or Grain, together with any VefTels a Packages in which fuch Corn or Grain fhall be found, fhall be fart

feh4

k.D.iJu.

ja» GEO. IIL

C-91.	577

*ited, and the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Pofleffion the fame (hall be >und,(hall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Bu(hel of fuch ora or Grain ; (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XI.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if any Corn or Grain Sprinkling until aking into Malt in Ireland (hall be wetted, watered or fprinkled in *fter ij State or Stage of Operation at any time before the full End and fj’om xpiration of Twelve Days or Two hundred and eighty eight Hours ter the fame (hall have been emptied, thrown or taken from or out prohibittd. the Ciftera, Uting Vat or other Veflel or Utenfil ufed for fteeping ch Com or Grain, the Maltfter or Maker of Malt, in whofe rollon the fame (hall be found, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit e Sum of Two hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

* XII. And whereas by an A& made in the Forty eighth Year of

His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to amend the Two	g. 3. c.	79.

Ads for the colleding the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the	$ a.

Trade of a Maltjler, it is, amongft other things, enaCted, that no licence (hall be granted to any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, to make Malt in any Malthoufe, the growing, working or drying Floor or Floors in which (hall not contain Two thoufand fix hundred Square Feet in the Whole at the leaft, or the Kiln Floor or Floors in rhich (hall contain any Number of Square Feet exceeding the proportion of Three hundred and twenty four Square Feet of uch Kiln Floor or Floors, for every Two thoufand fix hundred kjuare Feet of the growing, working or drying Floor or Floors iu uch Malthoufe : And whereas it is in and by the faid lad recited provided, that it (hall be lawful for the Commiilioners of Inland ixeife and'Taxes to grant'a Licence to any Perfon to make Malt 1 any Malthoufe which may have been ere&ed previous to the paf-ing of the A& made in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent (ajefty’s Reign, for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland Ad regulating the Trade of a Maltfter, the growing, working or lqing Floors in which (hall contain lefs than Two thoufand fi*

Kindred Square Feet, and not lefs than One thoufand Square Feet, nd the Kiln Floor or Floors of which

Proportions to the working or drying Flo

riirreas it is expedient, for the more effectual Suppreffion of un-

iceofrd Stills in Ireland, to authorize the faid Commiilioners of

Lxcife to grant Licences to Perfons to keep Malthoufes of fuch

Dimenfions as the faid Commiflioncrs (hall think proper, notwith*

landing fuch Malthoufes may have been erected fince the palling of

he faid Aft of the Forty fifth Year aforefaid Be it therefore

ded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners Commiffioners

Inland Excife and Taxes to grant a Licence to any Perfon to * of Excife em-

ke Malt in any Malthoufe of any fuch Dimenfions or Content as powered to

h Commi(honers (hall think proper, and as (hall be fpecified in fuch * J*ce"fc M*lr-

cence, provided that the Content of the Kiln Floor or Floors of Dunenfionsf

;b Malthoufe (hall be to the growing, working or drying Floor or-

Mrs therein, in the Proportion of Three hundred and twenty four*

uare Feet of Kilo Floor, to Two thoufand fix hundred Square*

et of growing, working and drying Floor or Floors.

XIII. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful Licences msy the faid Conamiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three berefufed oc them, to refufe to grant a Licence to any Perfon or Perfons ‘withdrawn* utever to keep any fuch Malthoufe, or to withdraw theLicence



Google

S7»

AD.itu

Licences ffgned by Three Com-miHioneis, and fubjeft K0 Regulation* of ©AiK'uiS Laws.

Perfoni making Mall without Licence or Regiftry.

Mifderaeanor.

Second Offence.

49O.3. c. 75.

* 1 a.

repealed.

c.97.

52p OEG. HI.

granted for any filch Malthonfe: Provided always, that the A(fa nation of the Lord High Treaforer of Ireland, or of OH miflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Tmforurf “ land, be firft had and obtained for every inch Refufal er of any fuch Licence.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That all filch Ltceixrei Perfon or Perfons to make Malt in any fuch Mahhoafe^ flgned by Three of the faid ConimrffioneTB of Inland (hall be granted in fuch manner* and under fuch Rules, R< _ Redriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided mao^i Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland for the colleftihg of the Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltfterj at £very fuch Mahftfer and PerfonJ to whofn any fuch Licence I granted, (hall be Charged and chargeable with Duty, and ft under and ftrbieft to all arid every the Rules, Regulations, Prtrtl Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in all asd^ fuch Aft and Afts.

XV.	And b£ it further enafted, That if any Perfon ro A (hall make airy Malt, or fhall wet or1 deep, or (hall hare in tel PofFeflion any Corn or Grain wetted or fteepetf, wherewith a* Intent to make the fame into Malt without having a Licence if purfatnt to Law for keeping a Malthoufe, or without havisj fuch Return and Certifidate to the^olleftor of Excife as is I required to be made by every Perfon making Mah to be d foch Perfon for brewing Deer or Ale for his or her private 0 Contain pt ion and not for Sale, every fuch Pqrfon not hada Licence in forte, or not having made fuch Retiini and Cyril aforefaid, (ball be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Mifded aftd it fhall be lawful fof any Juftice of the Peace for the Oa ifrhfoh fuch Mifdeihenftor (hall have been corrhnitted, on Info* an Oath of any filch Offence, to ifTue his Warrant for the/ hertfion erf foch PcrfoYr, and unlefs fufficient Dai! (hall be gi commit fuch Perfon to Gad 1, there to remain until delivered i Oourfe of LaW 5 and in cafe any Indiftment (hail be foondt foch' Perfon he or (lie fbaR plead thereto without having ri traverfe the fame ; and it (hail be lawful for the Court by and I whom foch Perfon (hall be tried and conviftcd, to iufiift fuch P ment on fuch Perfon for the Firft Offence as may by Law be ^ on Perfons guilty of Mifdemeartors, and for the Second OfH (entence fuch Perfon fo convitted, to be tranfported for the Seven Yeate.

4 XVI. And whereas by an Aft made in the Forty nimS 4 of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled jdn A El to prwidli 4 better Colls Sion of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Sa 4 Horfes and Dogs in Ireland, it is, amongft other thing*, i 4 That, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar M«

4 the pailing of the faid Aft, if any Perfon in Ireland (hall 4 have in his or her Cuftody or Poffeffion any Carriage 4 have been fold or difpofed of to foch Perfon at avy tiaif 4 Expiration of fuch Calendar Month, and of the Safe 4 whereof due Notice (hall not have been given atcordire ts 4 reftiortft of the faid Aft, every fuch Perfon fhall be rnbfc 4 (hall be charged with and pay Double the Duty which focb 4 ought otherwise by Law to be charged with in refp$



AJD.itU.

5i» GEO. HI.

G-97*

siy

‘ C&rlhgt* fat the? Year in any Part of which fifth Carriage fhatt 1 hire f© Mca in the Cnftody or Poflirffion of fuch Perfon without fach Notiee having been given as aforefaM i And whereas it is ex*

1 patient to repeal to much of the faid Ad as is herein recitedBt t therefore ena&ed, That, from and after the paffing of this Ad, fo Adcft of the faid laft recited Ad as is herein immediately before re-sled (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XVII/ And, for the more eafy Couedion of the Duties payable *HitMajefly,his Heirs and Snceeffors, up6n Hides and Skins tanned*

Ad upon Hides and Skins dreffed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parch*

«Dt made in Ireland; Be it enaded. That in all cafe# where any Colltdoroflx* hides payable by any Tanner, Bafil Tanner, Guttier, Spanifh maylffu* either Drefler or other Dreffed of Hides or Skin*, or by any Maker difb^Tanner* f Vellum or Parchment, Audi be unpaid at the time when fuch Do* aiMi Leather M are by Law made due arid payable, it (hull be lawful for the Col* Drefler* ffrr Aj> A©r of Excife or other Officer in Charge of the Dlftrid irt which rear* °f !***&•* ch Duties (hall bd charged and payable, by Warrant urider hid land and Seal to empower any Perfon or Perfons to take and dHtraih \ or any Mrdds and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins; whether Sfame (hall harre been tanked or drefied or ndt, and all or any Vd*

* or Parchment in any Tan yard, Tanhoufe or other Yard or brkhoufe, Miily Store or other Place ufed by any fuch Tanner or aer Perfon refpe&ivdy for the tannirig, dreffing, drying or keeping J Hides or Skins, or any Pieces thereof, or for making or keeping f Vellum or Parchment,and to caufe the fame to be fold by public idion, giving Six Days previous Notice thereof; and if after the ymeat of all Duties and Arreattr of Duties due from fuch' Tanned, til Tanner, Currier, Spanifh Leather Drefler or other Drefler of jdss or Skins, or from any fuch Maker of Vellum or Parchment, tether with the Cods and Expencesof fuch taking, diffraining and a, there (hall be any Surplus of the Produce ariling from the 3ale |fcof, fuch Surplus (hall' be forthwith tendered' and paid tiV filch rfon or his Reprtffetttatives: Provided always;* that When* any of r Articles afbrefaid (hall be fo taken and diftrained, it fhall and may kwful for fuch Perfon or his* Representatives, at* any time or times ore the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to require thte feme be delivered up to him or them4 upon his or their paying to the Qedor or oilier Officer in Charge as afbrefaid, towards di(charging Duties fo due and payable, the real Value of fuch Articles as he key (hall defire to have delivered up, and the fame may be delivered accoiduigly.

(VIII. AndWitfrntherena&ed, That no f)uty (hall be charged WoolfoM.by the Sale by Au&ion by the Fanning Society of helnndr or by banning Society Gork Inflitution at any Public Sale Koom of the faid* Society or «emptfrora * ituti6n,of auy Wool the Growth or Produce of Ireland, and fenjt u l,0D uty* he faid* Society #r Ipftitution to be difpofed of, fo a* fuch Sale he fiyft* Sale thereof and be made for the Account of the Owner be‘Lodd, or of the Perfon4 occupying, the Land on which fuch >ol Was-grown^

tlX. And be- it further ena&fcd, That the feversd Penalties; ahd Penalties how feitures under this-A&y except fuch as are fpecis^lly provided for, levied, &c. t be levied and paid in Britijb Currency, and fh$ll be fried' for, wered-arid applied id the fame manner and under fuch Powers^and thornier aod by fuch ways and means, and according, to fiidh p Geo. III.	P	p	Rules

5 8o

A.D. 1811.

14 k 15 Car. 1. (I.)SefT. 4. c.8. 46 G.3.C. ic6.

Appeal

Commencement of A 61

48 G. 3. c. 69.

40 6.3. c.13.

C-97> 98.

52° geo. m.

Rules and Diredions as are appointed, direded and exprefled for levying or recovering any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Aft made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Ad for the fettling ef the Excife or New Impofl upon His Majejly, his Heirs and Stucejfcnt according to the Book of Rates therein inferted, or in and by an Ad made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majesty** Reign, tituled An A8 to provide for the better Execution of the federal Ad: relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the Commiffioners of C•ijloms and Port Duties, and of the Commj Jloners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other A A or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Cuftooa and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effedually to all Interna and Purpofes as if th^ fame were herein ex prefled and ena&ed, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, at] in and by the Paid recited Ad made in the Fourteenth and Fifteesthj Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any othet^ Ad or Ads as aforefaid, is provided.

XX. And be it further ena&ed, That this Ad (hall commence take Effed immediately from and after the Expiration of One dar Month next after the pafiing thereof and not fooner; ex< cafes where any other Period is exprefsly mentioned for the mcncement of any Claufe or Provifion hereinbefore contained,

TSl

CAP. XCVIIL

An ACt to permit Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa to be exp from His Majefly’s Colonies or Plantations to any Portl Europe to the Southward of Cape Finifterre, and Corn tol imported from any fuch Port, and from the Coaft of. into the faid Colonies and Plantations, under Licences grS by the Colle&ors and Controllers of the Cuftoms.

[9th July 18x1

4 TYTHEREAS by an Ad pafled in the Forty eighth Yearof j € W Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to perm 4 until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred A 4 ten, Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majefly *s Colot ‘ f Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of 4 Finifterre, and Corn to be imported from fuch Port, and from 4 Coajl of Africa, into the faid Colonies and Plantations ; which

•	by another Ad pafled in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of ]

•	prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to continue an Ad made in the T 4 fourth Tear of His prefent Majejly, for permitting the Export*

4 Salt from the Port of Naflau tn the ijland of New Providen 4 Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked Ifland, in the B

•	Iflands, in American Ships coming in Ballajl; and amend ant%

4 tinue an Ad made in the Forty eighth Tear of His prefer 4 for permitting Sugar and Coffee to be exported from Hie *

4 Colonies or Plantations, to any Port in Europe to the South 4 Cape Finifterre, and Corn to be imported from fuch Port, m 4 the Coajl of Africa, into the faid Colonies and Plantations,

4 Twenty ffth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and t I XW continued until the Twenty fifth Day of Maroh One f*

5



A.D. i8il.

$2*Gfco. in.	G.98.	581

1 eight hundred and thirteen, and extended to Cocoa the Growth or r Produce of any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America,

1 it is lawful for any of His Majesty’s Subjeds to ftiip in any of His 1 Majeily’s Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America, any Sugar*

Coffee or Cocoa of the Growth and Produce of any fuch Colony

or Plantation refpedively, and to export the fame dired to any

Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finijlerre, and to import

into the faid Colonies or Plantations any Sort of Corn or Grain

direct from any fuch Port in Europe, or from any Port or Place on

the Coaft of Africa to the Northward of the Thirtieth Degree of

North Latitude, in fuch Ships or Veflels, and under certain Reftric-

dons, Regulations and Forfeitures as aretherein particularlydeferibed,

appointed, limited and enaded for that Purpofe : And whereas the

Provifions under which fuch Exportation from the Britifh Colonies,

and Importations into the fame, to and from the Places in Europe

and Africa hereinbefore deferibed are allowed, have been found

inconvenient ;* Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excel-

it Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords

writual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament

embled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after Sug»r,&t. mty

; Firil Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, He exported from

(hall be lawful for any of His Majesty’s Subjeds to (hip in any of Plantations in

s Majesty’s Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America, any Sugar, £menca.to any

ffee or Cocoa, being of the Growth and Produce of any bach atidCoru^m^*

lony or Plantation refpedively, and to export the fame dired to ported from any

’ Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finijlerre ; and to fuch Port, Jc«.

wrt into the laid Colonies or Plantations Any Sort of Corn or

tin dired from any fuch Ports in Europe, or from any Port or

te on the Coaft of Africa to the Northward of the Thirtieth

pee of North Latitude, in fuch Ships or Veflels, and under fuch

taces, Entries, Securities, Reftridions, Regulations, Limitations,

aJties and Forfeitures as are hereinafter particularly deferibed,

ointed and limited for that Purpofe.

I. And be it further enaded, That no Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa Sugar, &c. not

I be fhipped or laden in any of the faid Colonies or Plantations exported but in .

the Purpofe of being carried to a Port in Europe, to the South- Britiih-built

dot Cape Finijlerre % except in Britifh-bnWt Ships owned, navi- jej^Licen^ce^b-

?d and regiftered according to Law, nor unlefs a Licence (hall tai„e(j an(j k*.

£been firft taken out for that Purpofe under the Hands and Seals gulatioruok-

he Colledor and Controller of the Port at which fuch Sugar, fervtd.

fee or Cocoa is intended to be fhipped or laden, the Form of

ch Licence (hall be fettled under the Diredion of the Com-

ioners of the Cuftoms in England, fubjed to the Regulations and

the Conditions hereafter mentioned; that is to fay, that Notice

firft given in Writing by the Mafter or by One or more Owner

Owners of fuch Ship or Veflel, to the Colledor and Controller

fuch Port of the Intention of fuch Mafter or Owner or Owners,

; fnch Ship or Veflel (hall when laden proceed dired to fome Port tsrepe to the Southward of Cape Finijlerre, and export from ace, or from fome Port or Place on the Coaft of Africa, to the ftbward of the Thirtieth Degree of North Latitude, Com or lu to be carried dired to the Colony or Plantation from which I Ship or Veflel fhall have failed, and the Perfon or Perfons Ming to'■(hip fuch Sugar, Coffee ot Cocda fhall then make Oath P p 2	before

A-D.iJn.

3M	C.,8.	GEO.	IIL

Booi.

Stripping Sugar,"1 &cv Produce of Foreign'Plantation.

Penary*.

Entry made before Sugar, Coffee, Sec. (hipped.

before the Colleftor and Controller of the {aid Port* (which Oah they are hereby authorized and required to adcpintfler) that it is bis or their fuJLl Intention and Refolution to load fuch SbiporVeffd with Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa for Exportation direft to Come Port in Europe, to the Southward of Cape Finifierre 9 and to no other Place whatever, a>nd the Matter or Owner or Owners of the Ship or Veffel, together with the Perfon or Perfons {o intending to ibip th? fj^id Coffee, (hall thereupon enter into Bond to the Ule of Hs Maiefty, his Hei^a and Succeffors, in Treble the Value of the Sugar, Coffee or Cocon. with Condition that in cafe a Licence {hall be granted giving Liberty to fuch Ship or Vdfel to La<fe and cant Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa from His Majesty’s Sogar Colonies or Plantations t° any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cept Finifierre, and to export from thence or from any Port or Place on the Co.aff of Africa, to the Northward of the Thirtieth Degree of North Latitude, any Sort of Corn or Grain djredt to the Goloriw or Plantations as aJforefaid* that fuch Ship or VefTeff fbaU proceed dired to Come legal Port of Dettination fpecifo'ng the fame, and tto] np Goodg whatever except Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa (hall be taken 01 board, unlefs ijt (hall be tor the neceffary Ufe of hich Ship or VeS during hjer Voyage, and ajfo that before the Expiration of Ts Years from the Date of fuch Licence the fame (hall be delivered 1 to the Colledor or Controller of the Cuftom&of tbe Port where tj Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa was (hipped and laden, together with a Ce Locate figned, and, fealed by thp Confpl or Two knowa Britijl Me ghauts of gpod Credit at the Port or Place where fuch Sugar, CoS or Cocoa was landed, certifying the Landing thereof, with d Number of Caiks or other Packages of fuch Sugar, Coffee or Coo fc> landed, and the Mark, Number and Contents of each CaJk Package, together with the Name of the Ship and Matter, 1 tjiat he or they verily believe that no other Goods than Sugar, Cd or Cocpa have been there lauded out of fuch Ship or VeffeL 1 HI. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Ship or Vd ljcenfcd by virtue of this Aft, (hall take on board in any pf the 4 Sugar Colonies, or Plantations, or in her Voyage from thence* 4 Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa being the Produce of any Foreign Colour Plantation, all fuch Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa fa laden on board i$ Ship or Veffel (hall be forfeited and loft, together with Double 1 Value thereof, and the Matter and Shipper thereof {hall ferea forfeit Rouble the Value; of the Goods fo laden contrary to 1 Dire&jpn pf this A&,to he recovered, in the Court of ViceAdmai bfild in America, or in any other Court of Record in any of t M^jefty’s Plantations in America, at the Election of the Informer Profecutor 5 Oue Third Part to be for the Ufe of. His Mayeftfe Heirs and Succeffors, One Third Part to the Governor, at! Colony, and the other One Third Part to the Informer or Profectt

IV.	And be it further enafted, That before any Sugar* Coffx Cocoa (hall be laden or put on board any Ship or Veflel in the £ Colonies or Plantations, or, any of them, by. virtue of a Licence be grapted under the Authority of this Aft, to be carried to.any P ip Europe tp the Southward cf Cape Finifierre, the Mpix^baat or ot Perfon intending to export any Sugar, Coffee-or Cocoa, in fuch S or Veffel, (hall, before the fame or any Part thereof it (hipped or | on. board, make an Entry or Entries of. fuch Sugaf# Coffee 1

Cod





jrGfcO.IH.

C.98:	$t|

a, in Writing;, with the Colieftot 4hd Comptroller 6f Hit fry's Cuftoms, expreflihg the Name of the Ship and the Mhftft* hich fuch Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa, is to be laden, and where (he and alfo the Place, Quay or Wharf, where the fam£ is to be or firtt waterborne in oraer to bfc laden, which [hall be within Port only where a Cuftom Hbufe is eftablifhed, and where ad er or Officers are or fhall be appointed to attend the lading and ing thereof, or at fuch Place or Places as fhall be ifcerttioned ill Regulations ok* fferance or Warrant to be taken Out from the Colleftor and ferved in (hip-jtroller for that Purpofe, and fhall thereon take otlt froth the ping Articles, 'olleftor and Comptroller, a Cocqdet Or Warrant accordingly* ron (hall be indorfed by the Exporter, the Marks, Numbers and .*ntB, Sorts or proper Denomination of fuch Sugar, Coffee and 1, and Iball deliver the Cocquet or Warrant fo mdoHed to the her or other Officer appointed for the examining and (hipping >f, and fhall (hip or lade fuch Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa,, iti the nee of fuch Officer or Officers, or at fuch Place or Places ak be mentioned in the faid Sufferance or Warrant, that the r Officer or Officers may attend the (hipping thereof, and fuch t or Officers are hereby empowered to examine the fame before ire put on board ; and if upon examining the faid Sugar, Coffee If Fraud difco-Cocoa, which fhall be (hipped or brought to be (nipped by ver«d in of fuch Cocquet Or Warrant, either before or after the fhip- Goods, forfeited* thereof, the Number of Cafks Or Packages fhall be greater than &c*

>rfed thereon, or if there fhall be found any other Sugar, Coffee !ocoa, but fuch as (hall be fo indorfed on fuch Cocquet or Wat*-aken out and delivered as afofefaid, or any other Goods than •, Coffee and Cocoa, fhall be difeovered to have been laden ot n board any Ship or Veffel having Liberty to trade £d Parts to suthward of Cape Ftnijlerre by virtue of this Aft, or fhall be ;ht to be (hipped on board fuch Ship or Veffel, or (hall be put my Hoy, Lighter, Boat or other Veffel, in order to be put oti .

fuch Ship or Veffel before fuch Entry or taking out fuch set or Warrant, indorfing and delivering of the fame, knd not (hipped in the manner aforefaid, but mall be piit on board of pted to be put on board contrary to the Direftions of this Aft, ch Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa, and other Goods fo (hipped of ;bt to be (hipped in any of the cafes aforefaid, fhall be forfeited Penalty.

)ft, as alfo the Hoy, Lighter, Boat or other Veffel of Carriage rver, employed in (hipping or attempting to fhip any Goods than Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa, together with the Ship ot 1 on which fuch other Goods (hall be laden, and the Owner of Sugar, Coffee, Cocoa or other Goods, fhall forfeit Double the Penalty, e thereof, to be recovered in the Court of Vice Admiralty held JT of Hi8 Majesty's Plantations in America, Or in any other Court ecord in any of His Majesty's Plantations in America^ at thd don of the Informer or rrofecutor 5 One Third Part to be to Jfe of Htt Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, One Third Part to >ovenldr of the faid Colony, and the other One Third Part to nformer or Profecutor ; and before fuch Ship or Veffel (hall de-s from the faid Colonies with the Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa, laden forefaid, the Matter or other Perfon having or taking Charge (fcf, fhaH receive the faid Licence from the Colleftor or Compel with a Certificate indorfed thereon or affiled thereto, under

pp 3



5?4

Brtnd on fronting Licence delivered up after complying w ith Conditions.

Complying with Conditions of Licence, Corn may he imported imo Colonies.

}5 Car.i* e. 7*

How Penalties prosecuted and applied.

C-p8,

52® GEO-W.

A-D.iSil

their Hands and Seals of Office, who are to make Two Copies of fuch Licence, Indorsements or Certificates, for all which Entries, Cocquets, Indorfements and Certificates, or Copies, no more (hail be takdn by the faid Officers than the legal and accuftomed Fees, and the Matter or other Perfon having or taking Charge of fuch Ship, {hall before he receives the faid Licence atteft the faid Copies under his Hand, which are to be left with the Colle&or and Comptroller, who are hereby required, as foon as conveniently they can, to tranfmit One of the faid Copies of the Indorfements or Certificates to the Com* jniffioners of the Cuftoms in England, and record in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe the Notice in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the Ship or VefTel, the Affidavit of the Shipper, the Licence granted for the Exportation of the Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa, toother with the Clearance j but in cafe any Goods befides Sugar, Coffer: and Cocoa, (hall be found on board or carried by any fuch Ship or VefTel to any Foreign Parts other than fuch as are limited by this Aft, then the Liberty granted by fuch Licence (hall ceafe and become void and of none Effedl, and fuch Ship or VefTel, and alfo tbe Matter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge of fuch Ship or VefTel, and all others concerned, fhall be fubjedl aqd liable to all and every the fame Penalties and Forfeitures as they would have been fubjedl and liable to in cafe this Adt had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon fuch Licence being returned to the Collector and Comptroller of the Cultoms of the Port where the Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa was fliipped, and an Ac<* count of the Lading being indorfed thereon or annexed thereto, and alfo upon fuch Certificate of the Conful, or Two known Britijb Merchants of good Credit, being produced as aforefaid, and the feveral other Matters and Things required by this Aft being duly Complied with within Two Years from the Date of fuch Licence, the Bond given before granting fuch Licence fhall be difebarged and delivered up ; any thing in the faid Bond or in this A€t contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding, otherwife fuch Bond fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be prolecutcd in the manner diredled by this Adi.

Yl. And be it further enabled, That upon the Matter or Owner or Owners of fuch Ship or VefTel conforming in every refpedl to the Terms and Conditions of the faid Licence and Bond, and obtaining a Certificate from the Conful or Two known Britifb Merchants a aforefaid, at the Port where the Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa may hate been landed, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Ship or Veflel to fkm or load in the Port of Delivery, or at any Port or Place on the Coaft of Africa to the Northward of the Latitude of Thirty Degrees North, any Sort of Corn pr Grain the Produce of Europe or Africa for Exportation, diredt to the faid Colonies or Plantations, aud there land the fame ; any thing contained in an Adi made in England it the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charley ia-tituled An A8 for tbe Encouragement of Trade% or any other AA or Adis in force in the United Kiugdom, or in Great Britain op Ireland refpedlively, tp the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VII. And lie it further enadted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by this Adi (except where it is otherwife provided) (hall and may be profecuted in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wcflminflcr or Dublin* or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, Ow;

Moiety

y Google

*

.iSia.

5&s

52° GEO. m.	C.98,99.

ty. whereof to be for the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-s, and the other Moiety to him or them who will fue for, pro-

•	and recover the fame, wherein no Effujgn, Protection or Wager w (hall be allowed, nor any more than One. Imparlance.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons je fued or profecuted for any thing done or to be done in pur-

*	of this Adi, fuch Perfon or Perlons may plead the General and give this Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence 5 and Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Profecutor or Profecutors, (hall become it or forbear the Profecution, or difcontinue his, her or their, n, or if a Verdidl (hall pafs againft him, her or them, the De* it or Defendants (hall have Treble Colts, and (hall have the Remedy for the fame as in cafes where Cells are by Law given tq dants.

And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon or Perfons grant a falfe Certificate, or counterfeit, erafe or alter any ce, Oath or Certificate which (hail be made or given purfuant s Act, or (hall knowingly or wittingly publifh or make ufe f, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall forfeit rive hundred Pounds, to overed and difpofed of in the manner directed by this A & \ ich Licence, Oath or Certificate fo falfified, counterfeited, erafed red, (hall be invalid and of no Effect.

CAP. XCIX.

,dl for allowing certain Articles to be imported into the Lima Iflands, and exported therefrom in Foreign Veffels ;

I for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from the faid nds.	[i/th July i8l2.]

THERE AS it is expedient that further Provifion (bould be i made for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from the Bail Ilia nds ;* Be it therefore enadled by the King’s Moil Excel-lajefty, by and with the Advice and Confentof the Lords Spi-and Temporal, and Commons, in thia prefent Parliament af-:d, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after irll Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, it and may be lawful for any Foreign Sloop, Schooner or other 1 whatever, defcribed in an ACt pafTed in the Forty fifth Year of jrefeut Majetty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to confolidate and* ex-be feveral Laws now in force for allowing the Importation and nation of certain Goods and Merchandise into and from certain in the Weft Indies, to come in Ballaft, or to import into any of the Bahama Ifimds where there is a Cuftom Iioufe, the :les allowed in the faid ACt to be io imported, and alfo to ex-thc Articles allowed in the faid Adi to be fo exported, coo-ibly with the Regulations of the faid Adi; and alfo to export fubjedt to the Duty of Tonnage, and under the Reguh t ona fed by an A A palled in the Twenty eighth Year of His prefeiit fty’a Reign, intituled An Ad for regulating the Trade between the 81 of His Majejlfs Colonies and Plantations in North America m the Weft India Iflands and the Countries belonging to the United *i of America, and between His Majejly’s faid Subjefis and the Bf* Iflands in the Well Indies; any thing in an Adi paffed pi Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled P p 4	An



General Iflut,

Treble Coll*.

Granting falfe Certificate, altering Licence, &c. Penalty.

Any VefTel defcrilied in 45 CL 3- c.57. may come in Ballad, or import into and export from Bahama Iflandt Articles allowed and alfo may ex port Salt fubjedt to Regulation* impofed by *8 G. 3. c. 6. 12 Car.ft. c. 18

AJD.ilUk

0*

Salt reported

without Bond required by 6 G. 3. c. $%, I 30.



5 20 GEO. III.

WQ.3-H7*

Goods reported

h BritUh-built VdT«b from any «w Weft Indie IfLod to another ; and aUo %om any Cc^y to another in America, fcc.

An A8 for the HUOurmging and increajutg of Shipping mmd Ki or any other Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the Fki of Auguft One thou (and eight hundred and twelve, it (haft be lawful for any Britifh Ship or Veffel, owned and navigated ing to Law, to export from any Port of the faid Bahama Quantity of Salt, without entering into the Bond and 1 quired by aa Aft paffed in the Sixth Year of His present Reign, intituled Am AS for repealing certmim Duties in tie Colonies and Plantations granted by lever A A8s of Parham alfo tie Duties impefed by an AB made in the lad Srfiem tf upon certain Eaft India Goods exported from Great Britain, granting other Duties itdlead thereof; and for further enc regulating and fecuring froeral Branches of the Trade of this mmd the Britifh Dominions in America.

cap. e.

An A# to permit the Exportation of Wares, Goods and) chandize from ?ny of His Majesty’s I Hands in the Wft I tQ any other of the faid I Hands, and to and from any < Britijh Colonies on the Continent of America* and Iiland8 and Colonies.	[9th	July	it

< TTT HE REAS it is expedient to permit the Exportation <

*	yV Goods or Commodities of the Manufafture of Eurtf 4 alio of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which (hall bsv

*	legally imported, and alfo Prize Goods from any one <

*	Majefty’s I Hands in the Wed Indies to any other of the (aid 1 4 or to any of the BritUb Colonies on the Continent of Anl

*	from any one of the laid Britijh Colonies on the Comment of] 4 mica, to any of the faid Iflands in the Weft Indies, or to anyf 4 of the faid Britijh Colonies on the Continent of America, in tbs

*	manner as is permitted from certain lHands named in an Adi 4 in the Forty fifth Year of His prelent Majesty, intituled An 4 1 confolidate and extend the feveral La*ws now in force for a~

4 Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Mcrch 4 and from certain Ports in the Weft Indies Be it therefore 1 by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the A dr Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, id nrelent Parliament aflembled, and by tne Authority of the f That, from and after the paflingof this Aft, it (hall and 1 ful to and for any of His Majesty’s Subjefts to export in any 1 built Ship or Veflel, owned and navigated according to Ln*j any one of the Iflands in the Weft Indies belonging to His I ~ any other of the faid Iflands, or to any of the Briti/b C the Continent of America, and from any one of the laid Britft I nice in America to any of the Iflands in the Weft Indies belong His Majesty, or to any other Briti/b Colony or Plantation 1, Continent of America, any Goods or Commodities wbatfoewH Manufafture of Europe, and alfo any Goods, Wares or Me or Prize Goods, which (hall have been legally imported i the (aid Iflands or Colonies, under the Rqles, Ktgufctati R,e&ri&k>nt in the fakj A& mejUjoned.

CA(



Google

itiu

52* GEO. III.	C.iot,io2«	587

C A P. Cl.

i€t to provide a fummary Remedy in Cafes of Abufes of ulb created for Charitable Purpofes. [9th July 1812.]

THERE A8 it is expedient to provide a more fummary Remedy r in cafes of Breaches of Trufts created for Charitable Purpofes, rell at for the juft and upright Adminiftration of the fame j’ Be refore ena&ed by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and he Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

!ommotas, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Au-y of the feme, That, from and after the pa fling of this A&, in In cafes of cafe of a Breach of any Truft or fuppofed Breach of any Trail ®re.a<:h of Trull, d for Charitable Purpofes, or whenever the Dire&ion or Order	Cf"

Court of Equity {ball be deemed neceflary for the Adrainiftra- cciiorf&c. who f any Truft for Charitable Purpofes, it (hall be lawful for any lhall hear the or more Perfons to prefent a Petition to the Lord Chancellor, fame in a futn-Keeper, or Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great ma*7 *a?> and or Mailer of the Rolls for the time being, or to the Court of	rdcr

cquer, Racing fuch Complaint, and praying fuch Relief as the re of the cafe may require ; and it (hall be lawful for the Lord cellor. Lord Keeper and Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the t Seal, and for the Mafter of the Rolls, and the Court of Ex-rr, and they are hereby required to hear fuch Petition in a fum-way, and upon Affidavits or fuch other Evidence as lhall be pro*

I upon fuch hearing to determine the fame, and to make luch

r therein, and with refped to the Colts of fuch Applications as

n or them lhall feem juft ; and fuch Order (hall be final and con- Appeal to Houfe

e, unlefs the Party or Parties who lhall think hknfeif or them- of Lords.

t aggrieved thereby (hall, within Two Years from the time when

Order (hall have been palled and entered by the proper Officer,

preferred an Appeal from fuch Decifioo to the Houle of Lords,

10m it is hereby ena&ed and declared that an Appeal (hall lie from Order.

. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That every Petition Petitions figned

be preferred as aforefaid (hall be figned by the Perfons preferring and certified, &c.

amc, in the Prefence of and lhall be attefted hr the Solicitor or

>raey concerned for fuch Petitioners, and every luch Petition (hall

ibmitted to and be allowed by His Majesty’s Attorney or Solicitor

end, and fuch Allowance (hall be certified by him before any fuch

lion (hall be pretented.

[I. And be it further ena&ed, That neither the Petitions, nor proemdfop set Proceedings upon the fame or relative thereto, nor the Copies of faMet# Sumy fuch Petitions or Proceedings, (hall be £ubje& or liable to the meat of any Stamp Duty whatever. #

cap. cn.

A&fonhe regifteriag and fectuing of Charitable Donations.

[9th July iSia.]

IT7HEREAS Charitable Donations have been given for the VV Benefit of poor and other Perfons in England and Waltr to a Rry confiderable Amount, and many of the aforefaid Donations appear to have been loft* and others, from the Negleft of Payment and

* the

 -

5**

C. 102.

52* GEO. in.

A.D.iSit

• the Inattention of thofe Perfons who ought to fupennteod them, are € in Danger of being loft, or rendered very difficult to be preferred ;*

Be it therefore cna&ed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

Memorial of Deeds, &c. re-fpe&mg Charitable Donations already founded tegiilered.

The like of Charitable Donations hereafter founded.

Clerks of the Peace to provide proper Books wherein Regif-trics made.

and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Aa-thority of the fame, That a Memorial or Statement of the Real and Perfonal Eftate, and of the Grofs Annual Income, Inveftment, aad the general and particular Obje&s of all and every Charity and Chart-tieB, and Charitable Donations, for the Benefit of any poor or other Perfons in any Place in England and Wales, which (hall have beet founded, eftabli/hed, made, benefited, increafed or fecured, together with the Names of the refpedlive Founders of or Benefa&ors thereto, where known, and alfo of the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Cuftodr, Poffeffion or Controul, the Deeds, Wills and other Inftrume&ti whereby fuch Charities or Charitable Donations (hall have beet founded, eftabli/hcd, made, benefited, increafed or fecured, may be, and alfo of the Names of the then Truftee or Trufttes, Feoffee or Feoffees, Poffeffor or Poffefforsof fuch Real or Perfonal Eftate, (hall, from and after Six Calendar Months after the paffing of this-Ad, be regiftered by fuch Perfon or PerfonB who /hall then be the Truftee or Truftees, Feoffee or Feoffees, Poffeffor or Poffeffors thereof, or fome or one of fuch Perfons, in manner and in the Form contained it the Schedule to this Ad! annexed, in the Office of the Clerk of tbe Peace of the County, or City or Town, being a County of itfeff, within which fuch poor or other Perfons (hall be ; and fuch Memorial or Statement /hall be figned by fuch Perfon or Perfons caufiugtbe fame to be regiftered and left in the faid Office of fuch Clerk of tbe Peace, who (hall forthwith tranfmit a Duplicate or Copy of the feae unto the Enrolment Office of the High Court of Chancery.

II.	And be it further enadted, That wherever any fuch Charity or Charitable Donations (hall be founded, eftabli/hed, made or benefited, increafed or fecured by Deed, Will or any other Inftrument hereafter to be made or executed by any Perfon or Perfons, that then a like Memorial or Statement, according to the Diredlions hereinbefore contained, (hall be regiftered, and left and tranfmitted as aforefaid, by fuch Perfon or Perfons as are hereinbefore mentioned, within Twtht Months after the Deceafe of fuch Perfon or Perfons by whom any fuch Will, Deed or Deeds, or other Inftrument ftiall have been uadi or executed.

III.	And be it further ena&cd. That for the Purpofe of fuch Re-giltries of fuch Memorials or Statements, the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of each and every County, or City or Town, being a County of ittelf, or Riding within England and Wales, (hall, as theie Ihall be Occafion, provide proper Books of Parchment or Velkw, wherein fuch Regifters /hall be made and entered; and every foch original Memorial or Statement, and every fuch Book provided a aforefaid, (hall be carefully kept and preferved for Public Ufe aid Infpedtion in the Office to which it /hall belong, together with a corned! Index, to be made from time to time by fuch Clerk of the Peace, of fuch Charities and Charitable Donations, diftingui/hing each by tbe Name of the original or firft Donor or Founder thereof, where knovi, or the Appellation or Title moft generally ufed for fuch Charity or Charitable Donations.

*	IV.	And

v^ooQle

C. 102.

Si 2.

s 2* geo. m.

And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfons to be be-by any fuch Charity or Charitable Donations as aforefaid fhall wholly within any one County, then, and in fuch cafe fuch f the Peace of the County where any fuch Charity or Chari-onation (hall be regiftered, (hall forthwith notify in the London the Name or Title thereof, according to the Appellation or ed in the Index af >refaid, and the Names of the feveral Places the Objefts of fuch Charity or Charitable Donations (hall be, particular or general Objefts thereof, and alfo the Name of the wherein fuch Memorial or Statement (hall have been regiftered. knd be it further enafted, That if any fuch Charity or ble Donation (hall not be duly memorialized, dated and re. according to the Provifions of this Aft, it (hall and may al for any Two Perfons or more, interefted in fuch Charity itable Donation, to prefent a Petition to the Lord Chancellor, deeper or Lords Commiftioners for the Cuftody of the Great r Mafter of the Rolls for the time being, or the Court of uer, complaining thereof; and they are hereby required to ch Petition in a fummary way, and upon Affidavits, or fuch vidence as (hall be produced upon fuch hearing, to determine ie, and to make fuch Order therein, and with refpeft to the f fuch Application and Proceedings, as to him or them (hall , and which Order (hall be final and conclufive.

Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Proceed-der the Provifions hereinbefore mentioned, (hall extend or be :d to extend to decide any Right or Title as to the Property ill be fo regiftered, or as to the Perfons who (hall be entitled, l to be entitled, to the Benefit thereof, or any Intereft therein. And be it further ena6ted, That all and every Clerk of the >f the feveral Counties and Ridings in England and Wales,

\ often as required, make Searches concerning all Memorials itcmentB direfted by this Aft to be entered in his or their is aforefaid, and (hall alfo give Copies of the fame under his if required by any Perfon whatfoever, who (hall tender or be to pay him the Sum or Sums hereinafter directed to be allowed for fuch Copies of fuch Memorials or Statements as aforefaid.

L And be it further enafted, That every fuch Clerk of the (hall be allowed for the regiftering every fuch Memorial or ent as is by this Ad direfted, the Sum of Four Shillings, more, in cafe the fame do not exceed Four hundred Words, ueb Memorial or Statement (hall exceed Four hundred Words, ter the Rate and Proportion of One Shilling an Hundred for Words contained in fuch Entry, and the like Fees for the like :r of Words contained in every Copy of any Entry given out of i Regifter, and no more ; and for every Notification in the i Gazette, the Cofts of fuch Notification, and the further Sum i Shillings for drawing and inferting the fame, and tranfmit-\e Duplicate or Copy hereinbefore mentioned unto the Enrol-)ffice of the High Court of Chancery, and uo more.

And be it further enafted, That where any Difficulty (hall in making and preparing fuch Memorial or Statement as afore-£o as to render it neceffary to employ any longer time than is tdby the Provifions of this Aft for regiftering luch Memorial or Bent as hereinbefore is mentioned, it (hall and ipay be lawful for

the



5*9

Notice given in London Gazette if Perfon* benefited (hall not be wholly within one £ounty.

If Donations not regiftered Petition prefent-ed to Lord Chancellor, &(.

Proceedings not to decide Right or Title.

Clerk of Peace

ro make Searches, and give Copies of Regifters.

Allowance to Clerk of the Peace;

and to Perfon inferting Notification iu Gazette,

Further time allowed to regifter Memorial where Difficulties occur in preparing tame*

C.I02.

A.D. ilit.

59®

Cods attending preparing Mc-moriala allowed

Not to extend to Donation not fecurod upon Lands; nor to Charitable Infti-tutiona.

A€t not to extend to any Royal Foundations ; nor to certain locutions.

C.102.	sa* GEO. Hi.

the Court of Quarter SelHons for the County, or City ot Tows, being a County of itfelf, wherein fuch Memorial or Statement is intended to be regiftered, to allow, on Application made to them, and on Examination of the Circumftances, fuch further time, sot exceeding Six Calendar Months, as to fuch Court (hall feem needhry to be^riven for the Purpofe of duly regiftering fuch Memorial« Statement as hereinbefore is mentioned.

X.	And be it further enatted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Court of Quarter Sefliona of the County, or City or Town, being a County of itfelf, wherein fuch Statement or Memorial fb3 have been regiftered, to allow fuch reafonable Cods and Charges attending the preparing and regiftering, notifying and tranhrmtug fuch Memorial or Statement, with Reference to the Income of the Charity or Charitable Donation, to fuch Perfon or Perfons caufiag the fame to be regiftered, as fuch Court (hall think fit ; and it dull and may be lawful for fuch Perfon or Perfons who (hall have Ciuffd fuch Memorial or Statement to be regiftered, to deduct out of the Income, Funds, Rents and Profits in his or their Hands of fuch Charity or Charitable Donation fo by him or them memorialized aad Rated and regiftered, the Sum and Sums fo allowed, and no mort: Provided always, that the faid Court of Quarter Seflions (hall cat allow any Sum whatever for and in refpeft of fuch Cofts and Charges, unlefs it (hall be Hated to them upon the Declaration in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons applying for fuch Allowance, and figned by him or them, that fuch Memorial or Statement is to the* belt of h% her or their Knowledge and Belief true in every refpe&, and that a doth contain to the beft of his, her or their Knowledge and Belief, a true and full Account of the Real and Perfonal Eftate, annual grofi Income, Inveftment, and the particular or general Obje&s of thcl Charity or Charitable Donation of which fuchMemorial or Statemoti fhall have been regiftered, together with the Names of the refpeditB Donors or Benefaftors thereto, where known, and alfo of the Per-fon or Perfons in whofe Cuftody, Poffeflion or Controul, the Deeds, Wills and other Inflruments hereinbefore mentioned, (hall at fucb tkaf be, and alfo the Names of the Truftee or Truftees, Feoffee or Feoff?**, Poffeffor or Poffeffors of fuch Real and Perfonal Eftate : Provided always, that none of the Provifions hereinbefore contained (hall be con (trued to extend to any Charity or Charitable Donation not ifftang out of or fecured upon any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of directed by the Founder or Donor thereof to be fecured tbereoo, or to be permanently in veiled in Government or any Public Stocks or Funds, nor to any Charitable Donation whatfoever, which by tk Dire&ion of the Donor thereof, or by the lawful Rules of any Chin-table Inftitution whatfoever, may be wholly or in part expended k tsd about the Charitable Purpofes for which the fame may have been gives, at the Difcretion of the Governors, Dire&ors, Managers, or the Tnrfet or Truftees of fuch Charitable Inftitution at any time whatfoever.

XI	And be it further ena&ed, That nothing in this A6t (hall I* conftrued to extend to any Hofpital, School or other CharitiNr Inftitution whatfoever, which (hall have been founded, improved or regulated by or under the Authority of the King’s Moft ExceRwt Maiefty, or any of His Royal Predeceffors, or of any fpecial Ad J Parliament thereunto particularly relating; nor to any Charitt!1*-Donation under the Superintendence of my fuch Hofpital, School 15	Initau



i8y?*

C.102.

59*

52°geo. ra.

tinn* nor to the Governors of the Corporation of the Charity

*	Relief of Poor Widows and Children of Clergymen* nor to deadly Society* the Rules whereof iball have been confirmed ing to the Provifions of the Ad or Ads for the Encourage* and Relief of Friendly Societies ; nor to either of the Univer-d Oxford or Cambridge, nor to any College or Hall thereto ing, nor to any Charitable Bequeft, Devife, Gift or Foundation >ever belonging thereto, or under the Controul, Diredion, Super-ence or Management of the (aid Univeriities or either of them, r College or Hall therein refpedively ; nor to the Radefyfe ary within the Univerfity of Oxford; nor to the Colleges of iffyfcr, Eton or Wincbejhr, or auy of them ; nor to any Cathedral iegiate Church within England and Wales ; nor to the Charter :; nor to the Corporation of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford f; nor to auy Funds applicable to Charitable Purpofes for the t of any Perfons of the Jeavifh Nation.

I.	Provided always. That nothing in this Ad contained (hall Nor to Chants* 1 to any Charitable Foundation or Donation which (hall have We Inftitution*

)r (hall be given to and for the Benefit of any Perfon or Perfom of

Society of People called Quakers, and which (hall be under the intendence and Controul of Perfons of that Perfuafion.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing Nor to Charita-s Ad contained (hall extend to any Charity or Charitable Do- We Foundations, i or Foundation, the Accounts of the Income and Expenditure A,c5°um*°f A of (hall have been direded to be annually pafled in the High to b^pafTei^-l of Chancery, nor to any Charity or Charitable Donation or \n Court of dation, the annual grofs Income whereof fhall not exceed Forty Chaucery, &c. ngs, and of which the Truftee or Truflees, Feoffee or Feoffees,

(Tor or PoffelTors, fome or one of them, (hall within Six Months the paffing of this Ad depofit in the Hands of the Minifter of *ari(h wherein any of the Objeds of fuch Charity, Charitable bon or Fbundation (hall be* a written Memorial or Statement e form ae in the Schedule hereunto annexed is contained, andt b by fuch Miqifter (hall be forthwith depofited in the Parifb

IV.	And he it further enaded, That where any Body Corpo- Divers Charidg Guild or Fraternity, (hall be entrufted with the PofTeifion or ft**1 in. ribution of divera Charities or Charitable Donations or Founda~ Me*001**!* i* or of the Rents and Profits thereof, that in fuch cafes all: fuch> rities, Charitable Donations and Foundations* may be regiftered. ftated in one and the fame Memorial.

;v. Saving always to the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty* and to General Saving ihcrPeribns* fuch Power of luperintending and regulating Cha~

*	and Charitable Eftablifhraents, and the Property and* Fund* icof, as they, refpedively had before the making of this Ad.

SCHEDULE to which this Ad refers, i MEMORIAL or Statement in purfuance. of an Adi for thd 1 rendering and fecuring of Charitable Donations ; wherehy it leclared by the Underfigned [fate the Name or Names of the Per-i who fign the Memorial or Statement^ That the Real or Perfonal hte [fate this as the cafe may be~\ of the [Jlate the Title9 or Appel-** of the Charity or Charitable Donation] confifts of [Jlate this At toft may be $ and if Real Efiatc} whether it be in Lands> Tenements



59*

A.D.i8n.

C. 102,103.	52*	GEO.	III.

merits or Hereditaments, and of what Tenure, and where the'fame ere

Jituate, or whether of any Charge or Incumbrance on any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and where fituate : and if Perfonal Ejidte, defcribe the Nature of it, and how fecured j and the Grofs Anneal Income arifing therefrom amounts to [ (late the Sam] and the Objects of which Charity or Charitable Foundation arc \Jlate the general er particular Ohjeds of the Charity] and which Charity or Charitable Foundation was, according to the bell of my for, our, as the cafe may be] Knowledge and Belief, founded by f fate by whom ; and ij benefited, increafed or fecured by any other Perf on, fiat e the fame and by whom'] and the Deeds, Wills and other Inftruments ffiate this as the cafe may be ; and if no Deeds, Wills or other lnfiruments exif, fiate the fame] are, to the beft of my [or, our, as the cafe may be] Knowledge and Belief, in the Cuftody, PofTeflion or Controul [fate this as the cafe may be] of [fiate the Name of the Body Corporate cr natural Perfon] and the Truftces, Feoffees or Pofleflors [fiate this as the cafe may be] of the faid Real and Perfonal Eflate [ fiate this as the cafe may be] are, to the beft of iny [or, our, as the cafe may &] Knowledge and Belief [fiate the Name <	ody	Corporate	or

An Aft for the more eafy Manning of Veflels employed in the

*	IT THE REAS it is expedient that Provifion fhould be made for « VV giving further Facility to the Manning of Ships and Veflels

*	employed in the Southern Whale Filhery Be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and. Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent

Ships not to lofc Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That no Benefit of Filh- Ship or Veflel employed in the faid Fifhery, the Mafter of which (lull have taken the Oath or made the Declaration of Fidelity and Alle* has not tAen^ giance to His Majesty, required by an Aft made in the Thirty fifth Oath in G. B. Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Aft for further encouraftny Jfec.	and regulating the Southern IVhale Fifheries, (hall lofethe Benefit oi

35 G.3. c. 9*. any Fifhing Voyage, by reafon that the faid Mafter (hall not hare

eftablifhed, or of its being his Intention toeftablifti himfelf and Family in Great Britain, or by reafon that all or any of the Foreign Protef-tants employed as Mariners in navigating fuch Ship or Veflel (hall not have taken either of the faid Oaths, or made either of the faid Deck-rations.

natural Perfon, as the cafe may beJ.

A. B. CD.

E.F.

Truftee or Truftees, Feoffees, Pofleflor of PofTeflors of the Real or Perfonal Eftate [s/ the cafe may be] of theCharity or Charitable Donation hereby memorialized andregiftered.

cap. cm.

Southern Whale Fifhery.

[9th July 1812.]

i 37»j8.	tdken	the	Oath	or.	made	the	Declaration	of	his	having	already



CAP.



52" GEO. III.

C. 104.

S91

CAP. CIV.

Kn Aft to render more effedual an Aft, paffed in the Thirty feventh Year of His prefent Majesty, for preventing the adminiftering or taking Unlawful Oaths.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Ad paffed in the Thirty feventh Year of the 37 G. j. c. xaj-• Reign of His prelent Majesty, intituled An Ad for more effedually preventing the adminiftering or taking of Unlawful Oaths :

And whereas it is expedient that more effectual Provifions fhould be made as to certain Oaths;’ Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellen; Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-ent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this jrefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That every Perfon who (hall in any Manner or Form whatfoever, Adminiftering

idminifter or caufe to be adminiftered, or be aidiug or »llifting at ulwflTl ofths.

he adminiftering of any Oath or Engagement, purporting or intend-

ng to bind the Perfon taking the lame to commit any Treafon or

Murder, or any Felony, puniftnble by Law with Death, {hall, on

Convidion thereof by due Courfe of Law, be adjudged guilty of

Felony, and fuffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy; and

rmj Perfon who {hall take any fuch Oath or Engagement, not

being compelled thereto, (hall, on Convidion thereof by due Courfe

M Law, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall be tranfported

as a Felon for the Term of his natural Life, or for fuch Term of

Years as the Court before which the faid Offender or Offenders fhall

be tried (hall adjudge.

II. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That Compulfion Perfomcoia*

(hall not juftify or excufe any Perfon taking fuch Oath or Engage- to take.

went, unlefs he or fhe fhall, within Fourteen Days after the taking ^hJnie^s

thereof, if ^iot prevented by a&ual Force or Sicknefs, and then declare fame “

within Fourteen Days after the Hindrance produced by fuch Force within 14 Day*

or Sicknefs {hall ceafe, declare the fame, together with the Whole

of what he or fhe fhall know touching the fame, and the Perfon

or Perfons by whom, and in whofe Prefence, and when and where

fuch Oath or Engagement was adminiftered or taken, by Information

on Oath before One of His Majesty’s Juftices of the Peace, or

One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or His

Majefty*s Privy Council; or in cafe the Perfon taking fuch Oath or

Engagement {hall be in adual Service in His Majesty’s Forces by

Sea or Land, then by fuch Information on Oath as aforefaid, or

by Information to his Commanding Officer.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That every Perfon Perfom «-nFe(T. who before he {hall be charged with any Offence under the faid inK» being recited Ad or this Ad, in taking any Oath or Engagement de- c^r5°d ’ lnd€na~ * fobbed in the faid recited Ad or this Ad, fhall, within Three ni e '

Months after the paffing of this Ad, appear before fome Juftice of tbe Peace or Magiftrate, and declare the fame, and the Oath or Engagement fo taken, and when and where the fame was taken, and ia what Manner, and who fhall at the fame time take before fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, the Oath of Allegiance to His Majesty, fhall be and is hereby indemnified againft any Profecution for any Offence under the faid recited Ad or this Ad ; and no Con-

feffioa



Google



A.D. itn.

Perfon* aiding, &c. deemed Principal*.

In Ind&mentt futficient to let forth Purport of fuch Oaths.

Engagement in Nature of Oath deemed one, fee.

Where Oflfences> profecuted.

Perfoos tried under A& not tried again for fame Offence, but tried as for Wgh Treafon,

C.S04.	52*	CEO. in.

feffion fo made by any fuch Perfon (hall be given in Evidence again! the Perfon making the fame in any Court or in any cafe whateter.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That Perfons aiding and ailiftiM at the adminiftering of any fuch Oath or Engagement as afbrefno, and Perfons caning any fuch Oath or Engagement to be adninif-tered, though not prefcnt at the adminiftering thereof, flu! be deemed Principal Offenders, and (hall he tried as fuch, and os Conviction thereof by dne Coorfe of Law, (hall be adjudged gniky of Felony, and (balk iuffer Death as Felons, without Benefit of Clergy, although the Perfons or Perfon who adually adminiftered fuch Oith or Engagement, if any fuch there (hall be, (hall not have been tried or convicted*

V.	And be it further enaded, That it (haU not be neceffary in asy Indidaent agaiaft any Perfon or Perfons adminiftering or caufmg to be adminiftered or taken, or taking any fuch Oath or Engagement as aforefaid, or aiding or aifilting at, or prefect at and confintiog to the adminiftering or taking thereof, to fet forth the Words ot fuch Oath or Engagement, and that it (hall be fufficient to fit forth the Purport of fuch Oath of Engagement, or focne material Part thereof.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded* That any Engagement or Obligation whatsoever* in the Nature of an Oath, purporting or intending to bind the Perfon taking the fame to commit any Treafon or Murder, or any Felony punifhable by Law with Death, (hall be deemed an Oath within the Intent and Meaning of this Ad, in whatever Form or Manner the fame (hall be adminiftered or taken,, and whether the fame (hall be adually adminiftered by any Perfon or Perfons to any other Perfon or Perlons* or taken by my other Perfon or Perfons without any Adminiftration thereof by any other Perfon or Perfons.

V1L Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That any Offeaoi committed againft this Ad, on the High Seas or out of this Resist or within that Part of Great Britain called England, (hall and may be profecuted, tried and determined before any Court of 0«r and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, for any County, in that Part of Get* Britain called England, in fuch Manner and Form as if fuch Offence bad been therein committed; and if committed in that Part of Greet Britain callScotland, (hall and may be profecuted, tried and determined, either before the Judiciary Court at Edinburg/), or in any of the Circuit Courts in that Part of the United Kingdom.

VIIL Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared, That any Pedbs who (hall be. tried and acquitted or convided of any Offence agpnff this Ad, (hall not be liable to be fodided, Drofecuted or tried agfii for the fame Offence or Fad, as High Treafon or Mifprifioa of High Treafon; and that nothing in this Ad contained (hall be conftrued to extend to prohibit any Perfon guilty of any Offence agaiaft this. Ad, and who (hall not be tried for the fame as an Offence againft* this- Ad, from being tried'for the fame as High Treafbs at Mifprifionof High Tmfoo* utfack maimer a* if* this- Ad ted apt hup madiav





CAP.

AJD.i 812.

52° GEO. in.

C. 105.

595

CAP. CV.

An A€t to continue, amend and extend the Provifions of an Ad paffed in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majesty, for enabling the Secretary at War to enforce Returns from Clerks of Subdivifions and others, in relation to Fines,

Bounties and Sums due under any Ads relating to the Defence of the Realm or Militia, for the Purpofe of direding the Diftribution and fecuring the due Application thereof.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Ad palled in the Forty eighth Year of the 4SG. 3. c. 107.

Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to enable the Secretary at War to enforce the making of Returns from Clerks of Subdivifions and others, in relation to Fines, Half Bounties and Rejidues of Sums, due under certain Ads relating to the Defence of the ReaJntf for the Purpofe of direding the Diftribution thereof to Perfons entitled thereto: And whereas it is expedient that the Provifions of the faid Ad Ihould be continued and amended and extended : And whereas an Ad palled in the Thirty feventh Year 37 G.3. c. 4. of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad for raifing a certain Number of Men in the federal Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty9! Army and Navy : And whereas an Ad pafled in the Forty fecund Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad for 42G 3. c. 90. amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia : And whereas an Ad pafled in the Forty 42 G. 3. c. 91. fecond Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to raife and ejlairfb a Militia Force in Scotland : And whereas an Ad pafled in the Forty third Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad 43G. 3. c.ja for the more fpeedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, raifed under Two Ads paffed in the Forty fecond Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, and for amending the faid Ads : And whereas an Ad pafled in the Forty third Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled 43 G- 3*c. 82.

An Ad to enable His Majejly mure effedually to raife and ajfemble in England an additional Military Force, for the better Def ence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Projection ofthe War; and of another Ad pafled in the Forty third Year 43 G. 3.C.83. of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to enable His Majejly more ejfc dually to raife and ajfemble an additional Military Force in Scotland, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Projection of the Ivar : And whereas an A6t pafled in the Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled 44G.3. c.56.

An Ad for eflablifhing and maintaining a permanent additional Force

for the Defence of the Re aim, and to provide for augmenting His

Majejly9s Regular Forces, and for the gradual Redudion of the

Militia of England : And whereas an Ad pafled in the Forty 44 G. 3. e. 66;

fourth Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad for efta-

Hiding and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the De~

fence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majejly9s

Regular Forces, and for the gradual Redudion of the Militia of

Scotland .* And whereas an Ad pafled in the Forty feventh Year 47 G. 3. S;ir.a»

of His prefent Majesty, intituled An ntl for the fpeedy completing c. 71.

the Militia of Great Britain, and increajing the fame, under certain

52 Geo. III.	Qq	‘	Limitations	*

vjOOQlC

A.Ditr-

59<J

C. ioj.

52 GEO. III.

4-i^ i '-S3-50 G 3. c. 14.

4 Limitations and Red rid ions : And whereas an Ad pasco buc * Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled Am	-

4 pleting the Militia of Great Britain : And whereas an Adtv 4 in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled Am 4 amend an Ad puffed in the Into Sejfton of Parliament fur . '

1 the Militia of Great Britain, and to make further Pnxdm 4 completing the faid Militia : And whereas an Ad palled is 51 G 3. c. 20.	< Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad h

4 certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain to nJijiw-4 into the Regular Forces, and to provide for the gradual R 4 of the faid Militia : And whereas large Sums of Money 4 from time to time been paid, under tne Provilions of the 4 recited Adis and other Adis, and have otherwife come istr. .

4 now remain in the Hands of Clerks of Subdivifion Meet: .

Secrettfv at War, 8cc. empowered to call for Returns of Sums«eceivtd by Clerks of General or Subdivi-lion Meetings, and other Perlona.

4 other Perfons ; which Sums ought to be fpeedily recovered 4 the faid Clerks of Subdivisions and other Perfons, and pi.;

4 diftributed to the Perfons entitled thereto, fo far as t!

4 may be practicable, and the Remainder, if any, be applied:?

4 Public Service: But by rcafon of the Want of proper R

*	and of adequate Powers for enforcing Returns relating to 4 Sums of Money, fuch Sums cannot be afcertainccl, ditlnbut 4 applied ; and it is therefore expedient and neceflary that fi 4 and additional and more effectual Powers fhoulcl he given i.t 4 forcing Returns and Payment of all fuch Sums of Money,

4 enabling the Secretary at War to afeertain aud enforce 1:

4 Return and Application of all Fines, Bounties and Sums of

*	under the faid recited Ads, and all other Ads relating to the Dtl 4 of the Realm and Volunteer and Yeomanry Corps, asa

4 additional Forces as aforefaid, aud to the Regular and 4 Militia, and enlifting and volunteering into either of fuch Fa Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majeft and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiritual and poral, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affemblnJ, the Authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for the Sccre: War to require from any Clerk of General or Subdivifion Meet . from any Perfon who (hall have aded or may hereafter ad as On General or Subdivifion Meetings, iu the Execution of any of ti recited Act6, or any other Ad or Ads relating to the Defence Realm, or the Regular or Local Militia, or from their Repr tives, and alfo from any Perfon or Perfons who may have had 1 now have, or (hall hereafter have in his or their Hands any F; Moieties of Fines paid under any of the faid recited Ads, Monies ariling from any Half Parts or Relidues of anv S»o» Money paid by or on account of any Perfons ballot ted to ienre Militia or additional Force for the engaging of any Subibtr Volunteers to be enrolled iu their Stead, or from any Pari Places as Penalties for not having contributed their Quotase as preferibed by the faid recited Ads or any other Acts as or from any Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Fines, of Fines or Penalties, Half Parts or Relidues (hall have “ hereafter be transferred or paid, or any other Fines, Bouu of Money under any Ad or Ads of Parliament relwt:: Regular or Local Militia, fuch Returns of all Monies an*

Ihch Fines, Penalties, Half Parts or Relidues of anv fuch Si

16



Google

52° GEO. III.

C.105.

597

Money received by any fuch Clerks or other Perfons, or Fines, Bounties and Sums of Money aforefaid, and all Matters and Particulars relating thereto; and that all fuch Returns (hall be made out in inch Form, and lhall contain fuch Particulars, as (hall be direded by the Secretary at War in that refped.

II.	And be it further enacted, That every fuch Clerk or other Perfon who fhall be called upon to make fuch Return, and {hall wilfully refufe or negled fo to do for Ten Days after receiving any Requisition for that rurpofe from the Secretary at War, or (hall wilfully iifert in any fuch Return any falfe Statement of any Matter required by the Secretary at War, under the Authority of this Ad, obc Hated therein, lhail forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of 3ne hundred Pounds.

III.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the iecretary at War to make an Order upon fuch Clerk or other Perfon is aforefaid, to pay over any fuch Sum of Money as aforefaid to the \gent General of the Militia and Defence Acts, or to his feparate \ccount, at the Bank of England; and every fuch Clerk or other Won as aforefaid, having any fuch Money in his Hands, who fhall rilfully negied or refufe to pay over the fame according to any fuch )rder, within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, fhall forfeit for very fuch Negled or Rtfufal, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and double the Amount of the Money remaining in his Hands at the ime of fuch Order being made as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further eaaded, That it fhall be lawful for the iecretary at War for the time being, to caufe all Accounts which lay be rendered in purfuance of the (bid recited Ads and of this Id, to be duly examined ; and he is hereby authorized to pafs and How the fame; and out of fuch Monies as may be recovered in pur-jance of the Provifions of this Ad to fatisfy, as far as may appear ) him to be juft and proper, all Demands which may be made by ay Perfons claiming the Return of any fuch Fines, Penalties, Moieties f Fines, Half Parts or Refidues of Bounties, or other Sums as afore-lid, or any Payment in refped thereof. ,

V.	And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties and For-ntures impofed by this Ad, may be recovered in the manner hereafter direded, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, t the Suit of His Majesty’s Attorney General for England, or Ad-jeate for Scotland in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wejl-\injler, or the Court of Great Seflion in the Principality of Wales, or le Courts of the Counties Palatiue of Chejler, Lancajhr and Durum, in England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; 'herein no Effoign, Privilege or Protedion, Wager of Law, or more ban One Imparlance (hall be allowed; and fuch Fine, Penalty and orfeitare, when recovered, (hall go and be applied to the Ufe f His Majesty.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That every fuch -lerk or other Perfon, duly making all fuch Returns as (hall be enquired of him under the Authority of this Ad, and duly and whfully paying over all Money in the manner prescribed by this AA, (hall be and is hereby indemnified againft and difeharged from »U Penalties, Forfeitures and Suits, to which he might have been able by any former Ads, for any Negled in making Returns, or

Q q 2	in

Clerks, kc. IlC^leCtilU to make Returns, kc.

Penalty.

Secretary at War may order Payment over of Monies appearing by Returns to be in Hands of Clerks, See.

Penalty.

Secretary at War to caufe Accounts to be duly examined, and to allow lame, and empowered to fa-tisly Demands of Claimants.

Recovery and Applicati.m of Penalties.

Making Returns &c. to Order of Secretary at War, indemnified from Penalties under former Ads.



59&	C.io£,	106.	52°GEO.	III.

A.D.1811.

Penalties recovered fum-matily in Exchequer.

in not paying over any fuch Money 5 any thing in any A& or Adi to thexontrary notwithftanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in every cafe in which any fuch Clerks of Subdivifion Meetings or cth« Perfons whatfoever, having in their Hands any fuch Fines, Moieties of Fines, Half Parts, or Refidues of fuch Sums of Money, or any other Fines, Bounties or Sums of Money as aforefaid, and vrVd (hall not have been duly applied, (hall refufe or negleft to make asy fuch Return as is prescribed by this Aft within Ten Days afteT being required fo to do by the Secretary at War, or (hall make an untnr Return, or (hall not within Ten Days after receiving fuch Order for 1 the Payment of any Money as aforefaid pay the fame accordingly, it I (hall be lawful for His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, and fuch ■ Court is hereby authorized, on the Application of His Majesty’s tJ Attorney General for England, or of the Advocate for Scotl&i \ (as the cafe may be), by Motion to the faid Court, in a fummirv j way to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Application; and if j upon Notice of fuch Application to the Clerk of the Subdirifioo; Meetings or other Perlon as aforefaid, in refpeft of whom fuch: Application (hall have been made, no fufficient Caufe (hall be (kwn for fuch Default, Negleft or Omiflion, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court of Exchequer to affefs fuch Penalties and Fine refpeftively a are hereinbefore impofed, and to caufe the fame to be levied by Diflringas or other Procefs applicable to the Nature of the cafe,: according to the Rules and Praftice of fuch Court.	*

CAP. CVI.	1

An Aft for increafing the Duty on Rum and other Spiria imported into Nenufoutidland from the Britijb Colonics and Plantations on the Continent of America, and charging 1 Duty on Spirits imported into Newfoundland from H* Majesty’s Colonies in the Weji Indies. [9th July 1812-] 4 TT7HEREAS it is expedient that the Duty now payable si * VV Rum and other Spirits imported into the Ifland of Nc& 4 foundland (hould ceafe and determine, and that other Duties (bool 4 be impofed in lieu thereof Be it therefore enafted, by the King^ . Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coafeot d the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prc&t Duty paid for Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, fra Rum imported and after the Firft Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and into Newfound- twelve, there (hall be raifea, levied, collefted and paid upon evert land, viz 6d. Gallon of Rum or other Spirits imported into the faid Ifland of Weft IncHt s™"1 Newfoundland from any Britijb Colony or Plantation in tbe Wf is. 6d. per * Indies a Duty of Six pence ; and upon every Gallon of Rum or other Gallon from Spirits imported into the faid Ifland of Newfoundland from any of Biiriih Cdunies His Majesty ?s Colonies or Plantations on the Continent of America in America, kc. or from Great Britain or Ireland, a Duty of One Shilling and Six pence; % fuch Duties to be fued for, recovered and applied in tbe like manner and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are provided 15G. 3.C. 31. in an Aft made in the Fifteenth Year of His pnefent MajeW i 20'	Reign, intituled An A3 for tbe Encouragement oftbc_ Fifberies canid

on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the Bmi/h Dominions a

\ ^	Europe.

* ^	

A.D.I8I2*	5^°	QEO.	III.	C.	io6, i«7*	599

Europe, andfor fecuring the Return of the Ftfhermtn, Sailors and others employed in the faid Fifberies, /« the Ports thereof at the End of the Fifhkg Seafon.

CAP. CVII.

\n Aft for extending the Allowance of the Duty on Salt ufed in making Oxiginated Muriatic Acid for bleaching Linen, to Salt ufed in making fuch Acid for bleaching Thread and Cotton Twift.	[9th	July	1812.]

TTTHEREAS by an Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of 38 O. 3. c. 89.

V V the Reign of His prefent Majesty King George the Third, § 89 among other things for transferring the Managementof Salt Duties to the Commifiioners of Excife, an Allowance or Drawback of the Duties on Britijh Salt is made for fuch Salt as is ufed, employed, fpent and confnmed in the preparing and making of Oxiginated Muriatic Acid for the Purpofe of being made ufe of in the bleaching of Linen and Cotton : And whereas it is expedient to extend the laid Allowance in manner hereinafter mentioned ;* Be t therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and rith the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ind Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Au-hority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, Drawback of he whole Duties now payable on Salt of Englyb Manufacture {hall Duty allowed on >e drawn back and allowed for all Salt of Englifh Manufafture Sa,5.ufCQl". vhich (hail be ufed, employed, fpent and confumedin making any Muriatic uch Oxiginated Muriatic Acid in England for the Purpofe of being ,\cid for bleach nade ufe of in the bleaching of Linen, or Cotton Yarn or Twift; ing of Linen, &c. md alfo that the Duties now payable on Salt of the Manufacture Scotland {hall be drawn back and allowed for all Salt which (hall k ufed, employed, fpent and confnmed in making any fuch Oxi-pnated Muriatic Acid as aforefaid in Scotland, for the Purpofe of *ing made ufe of as aforefaid ; and the Whole of the Duties pay-ible on Salt of Englljh Manufafture which within the Space of .Six	*

Months now laft paft {hall have been ufed, employed, fpent and con- ufed for six fumed in making any fuch Oxiginated Muriatic Acid in England, Months paft for the Purpofe of being made ufe of in the bleaching of Linen, or Cotton Yarn or Twift ; and alfo the Whole of the Duties payable on Salt of the Manufafture of Scotland, which within the Space lail aforefaid {hall have been ufed, employed, fpent andconfumed in making any fuch Oxiginated Muriatic Acid as aforefaid in Scotland, of which no Drawback has been already allowed, fhall likewife be drawn back and allowed ; which faid Allowances refpeftivel v’ {hall be made under and fubjeft to the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Provifions as are in or by the laid Acontained, provided, fettled or eftablilhed for or in refpeft of the making of the faid recited Allowances refpeftively.

Qq 3



Goog

(CAP.

5 20 GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

5# G.3. c. 41.

No Wholefale Trader deemed Hawker, l.or ihall he or his Servant' be li.iMe to Penalties f<<r going from Houfeto Houle leili"g Goods by Whole-lale only.

Perfons not prohibited from carrving about Coals in Cans, Ice.

CAP. CVIII.

An Aft to amend an Aft palled in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majelly, for placing the Duties of Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of the Commiffioners of Hackney Coaches.	[9th	July	1812.]

‘ YT7HEREAS an Aft was paffed in the Fiftieth Year ofHu

*	W prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 for placing the DnUet si 9 Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of the Commiffioners cf 9 Hackney Coaches : And whereas it is expedient that the faid Ak 4 Ihould be amended ;* May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excelkft Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, aud Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflemhkd, and by the Authority of the fame, That no Perfon being a Wbolr-fale Trader in Lace, in Woollen, Linen, Silk, Cotton or Mixed Goods, or any of the Goods, Wares or Manufactures of Grt# Britain, and felling the fame by Wholefale, (hall be deemed or taken to be a Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman within the Intent and Meaning of the faid recited Aft, or any other Aft relative to Hawkers, Pedlars or Petty Chapmen, or of any or either of them ; and that all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons, his, her or their Apprentices, Servants or Agents felling by Wholefale only, ftiaU go from Houfc to Houfe and from Shop to Shop to any of their Cuftomerf, who fell again by Wholefale or Retail without beiog fubjeft or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures contained in the faid recited Aft, or in any of the faid Afts touching Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen ; any thing in any of the faid Ads contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enafted, That nothing in the faid recited Aft contained fhall extend to prohibit any Penon or Perfons from carrying about Coals in* Carts, or on Horfes, Mules and Afles andjfelling the fame by Retail, or fubjeft any fuch Perfon or Perfons to any Duty, Penalty or Forfeiture impofed by the faid recited Ad.

CAP. CIX.

An Aft to empower the Commiffioners cf Chelfea Hofpital 10 commute Penfions for a Sum of Money in certain Cafes.

[9th July 1812.]

4 YTTHEREAS invalid, difahled or difeharged Soldiers, become 4 VV entitled to certain Penlions and Allowances from Chdfea 4 Hofpital by reafon of their Service or their having become invalid 4 or difabled : And whereas many Perfons, Subjects of His Majesty,

*	belonging to Foreign Plantations or Settlements, and refident out 4 of the United Kingdom, and others the Natives of Foreign Couc-4 tries allowed by Law to ferve His Majesty, become by Woundsor 4 Service entitled to fuch Penlions and Allowances, but are defines

*	on being difeharged, when entitled to Out Penfions, of returning 4 to their Homes, or of reliding out of England, and are put to 4 great Trouble and Inconvenience in receiving their Penfions bv 4 reafon of their reliding abroad ; and it is expedient that the Coo

*	iniffioners of Chelfea Hofpital fhould be enabled to commute fuck

9 Penfiou

vjOOQ 10

A.D.1812.

601

g2° GEO. Ilf,	C.	109,1 io.

4 Ptnfions for an Equivalent in Money :9 May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enabled by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiftioners of Chelfea Hoftital to give to any Soldier not a Native of the United Kingdoms, who may nave been or may be difeharged, and may be entitled to any Out Penfion or Allowance from Chelfea Hofpital by reafon of Service, or having become invalid or difabled, and (hall be defirous of reiiding out of England, and who may be recommended for that Purpofe by any Order of His Majesty, to be fi^nified to the faid Commif-fioners by His Majesty's Secretary at War, fuch Sum of Money in Grofs, in lieu of and for the Purchafe of fuch annual Penfion or Allowance as may be dire&ed by the Secretary at War, with the Approbation of the Lords Commiftioners of His Majesty’s Trea-fury m that Behalf; arrv tiling contained in an Aft patted in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, or any other Aft or Adis of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Money to be paid as aforefaid to any fuch Perfon as an Equivalent for the Penfion or Allowance to which he is entitled, (hall be paid out of any Money voted for or applicable to the Payment of Peniions or Allowances to difeharged Soldiers under the Management of the Commiftioners of Chelfea Hofpital, and the Receipt of the Perfon receiving fuch Equivalent (hall be a full Difcharge for the faid Commiftioners for the faid Sum or Sums of Money io paid by them as aforefaid, and (hall alfo be a Difcharge by the Perfon giving fuch Receipt of all Claims to any future Payment of the faid renlion or Allowance: Provided always that no fuch Receipt (hall be liable to any Stamp Duty.

CAP. CX.

An Adi for amending an Aft pafted in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Aft for the more eafy affeffmgy collecting and levying of County Rates; and for the remedying certain Defefts in the Laws relating to the repairing of County Bridges and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in Englatid.	[9th	July	1812.]

WHEREAS by an A6t patted in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Ad for the more eafy ujfej/ingt colleding and levying of County Rates, it is enacted, that no Part of the Money to be raifed aud colleged in purfuance of this Aft (hall be applied to the Repair of any Bridges, Gaols, Prifon8 or Houfes of Correction, until Prefentments be made by the refpeftive Grand .Juries at the Afiize, Great Seftions,

1 General Gaol Delivery or General or Quarter Seftions of the 1 Peace, held for any County, Riding, Divilion, City, Town Cor-1 porate or Liberty, of the InfufEciency, Inconveniency, or Want * of Reparation of their Bridges, Gaols, Prifons or Houfes of Cor-‘ reftion; and it is further euafted, that, from and after the Firft 4 Day of Jufie Ont thoufand feven hundred and thirty nine, when

g q 4	«	any

vjOOQ 1C

Soldiers not Native* may on Recommendation he allowed a Sum 111 Grtfsin-ftejd < fan Annual Peafion.

28 G. 2. 0. r.

Such Sums paid out of Money applicable to Payment of Peniions.

Sump Duty.

ia G. a. c 29.

lu-

ll*

6q2

C.iio.

520 GEO. IIL

AD.ign.

1 any Public Bridges, Ramparts, Banks or Cops, or other Work*,

*	are to be repaired at the Expence of any Couuty, City, Riding,

*	Hundred, Divifion, Liberty or Town Corporate, it fhaH and may 4 be lawful to and for the Juftices of the Peace at their General or

*	Quarter Seflions refpe&ively, or the greater Part of them tbfi

*	and there aflcmbled, if they think proper and convenient, afttr

*	Prefentmentto be made as aforefaid of the Want of Reparation of

*	fuch Bridges, Ramparts, Banks or Cops, to contraCl and agree 1 with any Perfon or Perfons for rebuilding, repairing and amending

*	of fuch Bridges, Ramparts, Banks or Cops, as fhall be withia ' their refpe&ive Counties, Cities, Ridings, Hundreds, Divifioos,

*	Liberties or Towns Corporate, and all other Works which are to

*	be repaired and done by Affeflinent on the refpe&ive Counties,

*	Cities, Ridings, Hundreds, Divifions, Liberties or Towns Cor-‘ porate, for any Term or Terms of Years not exceeding Seven

*	Years, at a certain annual Sum, Payment or Allowance for the

*	fame, fuch Contractor or Contractors giving fufficient Security for

*	the due Performance thereof to the refpe&ive Clerk of the Peace*

*	for the time being, or the Town Clerk, High Bailiff or Chief Officer ‘ of any Citv, Town Corporate or Liberty ; and that fuch Juftices 1 at their refpe&ive General or Quarter Seflions fhall give public

*	Notice of their Intention of contracting with any Perfon or Perfons

*	for rebuilding, repairing and amending the Bridges, Ramparts, 1 Banks or Cops, and other Works aforefaid, and that fuch Coo*

*	tracts (hall be made at the mod reafonable Price or Prices which

*	fhall be propofed by fuch Contractors refpettively ; and that all

*	Contracts when agreed to, and all Orders relating thereto, (hall be ‘ entered in a Book to be kept by the refpeCtive Clerk of the Peace

*	for th' time being, or the Town Clerk, High Bailiff or Chief

*	Officer of any City, Town Corporate or Liberty, for that Purpofe,

*	who is and are hereby required to keep them amongft the Record* 4 of fuch County, City, Town Corporate or Liberty, to be from 4 time to time infpe&ed at all feafonable times by any of the faid 4 Juflices within the Limits of their Commiffions, and by any Perfon 4 or Perfons employed or to be employed by any Parifh, Townffiip

*	or Place contributing to the Purpofes of this A&, without Fee 4 or Reward : And whereas great Expence in the Repairs of Count)* 4 Bridges, Ramparts, Banks, Cops and other Works appertaining 4 to the fame, and of the Roads over the fame, and of fo much of 4 the Roads at the Ends thereof as by Law is to be repaired at the 4 Expence of any County, Riding, Hundred, Divifion, Liberty or

*	Town Corporate, and great Inconvenience to the Public may be-4 often in a great Meafure prevented by the timely and immediate 4 Repair of any inconfiderable Damage, Injury, Defied or fudden

*	Want of Repair or Amendment of the fame, without the Delay 4 which mu ft generally arife from the Neceffity impofed by the afore-4 faid A Cl, of a Prefentment by the Grand Jury at the Afiue,

*	Great Seflions or General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace held 4 for any County, City, Riding, Divifion, Town Corporate or Lk 4 berty, of the Want of Reparation of the fame; by means of

* which Delay the aforefaid Want of Repair is often very much € increafed, to the great Expence of the County, and great la-4 convenience of the Public : And whereas it is alfo expedient tbit ( the Juftices of the Peace of any County, City, Riding, Divifloi,

• Towa



Google

C-1 io.

ja»	GEO. HI.



603

1 Corporate or Liberty, at their General Quarter Seffions lively, before any Prefentment (hall have been made as afore-as direded by the aforefaid Ad, of the'Want of Repair of Roads, fhould be enabled without any fuch Prefentment to and agree with certain Perfons hereinafter mentioned, for rpairing and amending of the fame ; and alfo for keeping the in Repair when fo repaired and amended ;9 Be it therefore by the King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by aud with the and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-n this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority arne. That, from and after the Firft Day ot July One thought hundred and twelve, it (hall and may be lawful for the of the Peace of any County, City, Riding, Diviiion, Town itc or Liberty, at their General Quarter Seffions or Great refped ively, to be holden in the Week next after the Claufe tr9 or the greater Part of them then and there aflembled, to annually Two or more Juftices of the Peace ading in and Divifion of Juftices in fuch County, City, Riding, Divifion, Corporate or Liberty, in or near which any fuch County or any Bridge which is in Part a County Bridge, Ramparts, Cops or other Works appertaining to the fame, or any Part ts thereof, or the Roads over tlie fame, or fo much of the at the Ends thereof as by Law is to be repaid at the Ex->f any County, City, Riding, Divifion, Town Corporate or (hall be fituate, to fuperintend the fame, and whenever it pear on their own Infp dion to be neceflary for the Purpofe eoting the further Decay and Injury of the fame, to order mediate Repairs or Amendments to be done to the fame or Part thereof; but it fhali and may be lawful for any Two iftices fo to be appointed as aforefaid, and any Two fuch are hereby empowered by a written Order figned by their refpedively, to order fuch immediate Repairs to be done 1 Perfon or Perfons as to them (hall feem ifit and proper: d, that in no cafe the Sum to be expended by them in fuch ; (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and further, that ppointroents of fuch Juftices as aforefaid (hall remain in force oe 'Week after the following Eajler Seffions refpedively; and cafe of the Death of, or Removal of, or Refufal to ad by any i ft ice or Juftices fo appointed as aforefaid, the faid Court of 1 Quarter Seffions or Great Seffions may at any other of the Quarterly Seffions appoint any other Juftice or Juftices to the Remainder of the then Current Year, in the Place of any □dice or Juftices fo dying, removing or refufing to ad as id.

And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That i and may be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace of any

f.	City, Riding, Divifion, Town Coirooratr or Liberty, at eneral Quarter Seffions or Great Sefiions which (hall next 1 after iuch Repairs fo ordered to be made by fuch Juftices ointed as aforefaid fhali be completed, or the greater Part of then and there aflembled, to order the Payment of fuch Sum »s of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds, as fhali be fufficient T for fuch Repairs, to be made out of the County Rate to rerfoo of Perfons who (hall have fo repaired the fame by fuch

Order

CjOOQ 1C

Quarter Seflions

may appoint Juftices toiuper-intend Repairv

Expenditure. Juftices to remain in Office for One Year.

Quarter Seffiqnt to order Payment for Repairs.

tfo4

C. no.

520 GEO. III.

A.D.i#ih

at Sef-ficnis nuy appoint TwoJuf-ticei before Kaftcr Seflions.

Order of fuch Julliccs as aforefaid, although no Preferment (ball have been made by any Grand Jury at the Afiize, Great Seftnosor General Quarter Sdfions of the Peace of any County, City, Riding, Diviiion, Town Corporate or Liberty in which fuch Repair* M have been done, of the Want of fuch Reparation, as by the (aid A6t of the Twelfth Year of His late Majclty King Geor<t the Certificate fipned Second, above recited, was directed: Provided nevcrthelefs, tbit by One Jultici. before fuch Payment he ordered to be made as aforefaid, a Certife-cate be returned to fuch JuRices of the Peace fo aflVmbled at fiidi lad mentioned Sellions, iigncd by Two at the lead of fuch Jufticrs fo appointed as aforefaid, who lhall have fo ordered fuch Repain as aforefaid, llating the Nature of fuch Repairs, and the Defe&s, Damage or Injuries, which they had fo ordered to be repaired, awl their Reafon for fo ordering fuch immediate Repairs as aforefod: Provided alfo, that fuch Ju 11 ices of the Peace, fo afTembled as hk aforefaid, be fatisfied by the Parties concerned, that the Cuarge* made by them for filch Repairs are reafonable and juft.

III.	Provided always, and be it enadfed, That, from and after the

Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, it (hall and may be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace of any Coo&tv, City, Riding, Diviiion, Town Corporate or Liberty, at any General Qua.ter Sefiious or Great Sellions refpedtively to be hoWeoia any fuch County, City, Riding, Diviiion, Town Corporate or Liberty, before the General or Great Sellions which (hall be hoJdm in fuch County, City, Riding, Diviiion, Town Corporate or Liberty, in the Week after the Claufe of Eajler next after the fail Firft Day of July, or the greater Part of them then and there afitas* bled, if they lhall fo think proper, to make fuch Appointment or Appointments of Juftices as they have been hereinbefore by this Ait authorized to make at any fuch Eajler Sellions, and fuch Appoint* ment or Appointments (hall be in force until One Week after tk; then next Eajler Sellions.	s

IV.	And it is hereby further enadled, That in cafe of any fack Appointment or Appointments being made as are herein laftly motioned awl authorized by this Adt, all the Provilions, Rules, Rrgo-‘ lation6, Powers, Directions and Authorities of this Adi, which are applicable in cafe of any Appointment or Appointments being mad* at any fuch Eajler Sellions, (hall apply in the fame manner and in erett refpedt whatfoever, in cafe of any fuch Appointment or Appointment* being made, as are hereby authorized at any fuch Sellions as (hall be held before the Eajler Sellions which lhall be held next after the £aod Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.

J.i liccs miv V. And be it further enadted by the Authority aforefaid. That, control for Re* from and after the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred pair erf Bridge*. and twelve, it lhall and may be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace, of any County, City, Riding, Diviiion, Town Corporate or Liberty, at their General Quarter Sellions refpedtively, or the greater Part of them then and there afTembled, if they (hall think proper and convenient, to coutradt and agree with the Commiflioner or Com-mifliofiers, Truftee or Truftees, of any Turnpike Road within the faid County, City, Riding, Divifion, Town Corporate or Liberty, or with their Surveyor or Clerk, or with both their Surveyor a&d Clerk, or with the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highway of any Parilh, Place or Tything within the laid County, City, Ridufi

Diviho*,

Provifions of P-rtter Appointment to apply.

A.D.i8ia.

C.iio, hi.

52° GEO. III.

6o$

Divifion, Town Corporate or Liberty refpefiively, or with any jtber Perfon or Perfons, for the maintaining and keeping in Repair,

Roads over any County Bridges, and of i'o much of the Roads >at

he Ending thereof as by Law is to be repaired at the Expencc of

icy fuch County, City, Riding, Divifion, Town Corporate or Li-

>erty, or any Part of the fame, for any Term not exceeding Seven

Fears, nor lefs than One, although no Preferment (hall have been

nade as diverted by the faid recited A 61 of the Twelfth Year of Hia 11 a,c* a?*

ate Majesty King George the Second, of the Infufficiency, Incon- § *3*

reniency, Decay or Want of Repair of the fame; fubjeft however

oall the Rules, Reftri&ions, Regulations, Directions and Condi-

ions, required by the above recited A6t in cafe where the fame (hall

live been prefented or dire&ed by that Adi.

CAP. CXI.

In A£i for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is nccefTary that Provilion (hould be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Regular Militia (when dlltmbodied) and Local Militia in Great Britain, for One Year from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and eleven :* Be it therefore enacted y the King’s Mon Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Went of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in his prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every bounty, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Regular lilitia or Local Militia is or /hall be raifed, the Secretary at War or the time being is hereby authorized and empowered, and required ocaufe to be iiTued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia (when difembodied) and Local Militia refpedively, in manner and for the feveral Ufes hereinafter mentioned ; that is o fay, for the Pay of the faid Regular Militia or Local Militia at be Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Ad-Jtant is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for aeh Quarter Mailer, where the Eftablifhment of the Regiment,

Uttalion or Corps to which he is appointed (hall exceed Three bun-red and fixty private Men ; and at the Rate of Three Shillings a )ay to fuch Quarter Mafter, where the Eftablifhment (had not xcetrd that Number; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence Day for each Seijeant refident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and »ix pence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is ppointed ; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence a Day or each Corporal fo refident a< aforefaid, mil at the Rate of One ihilling a Day for each Drummer fo refident avaforefaid; with the ydition of Six pence a Day for each Drum Major, wheie a Drum dajor is appointed ; and alfo at the Rate of Three pence per Man or each private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent.

Sxpences of each Regiment. Battalion or Corps 5 and alfo for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when difembodied) or Local Militia

 for

Secretary at War to ilfue Sum neceflary for Pay of Regular and Local Militia, and for Clothing.

6o 6

C. in.

A.D.i8u.

50 G. 3-c-iJ-

Rites of Pay to Serjeants, &c. when ablent on Furlough.

Allowance to

Surgeons.

Allowance to Adjutants in Regulnr and Local Militia, who from Age And Infirmity,

52• GEO. IK.

for fuch County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant, One Pound Nineteen Shillings and One Penny for each Corporal, Four Pounds and Ten pence for each Drum Major, Three Pooodi and Ten pence for each Drummer, and One Pound Eighteen Sti-lings and Seven pence for each private Man ; and that fuch Serjoit Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, wi» may be retained on conftant Pay, and refident at Head Quarters (hall be clothed Once in Two Years; and that fuch Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of Local Militia, beyond the Regular Eda-bliffiment of the permanent Staff thereof as may be ferving on reduced Pay, under the Provifions of an Aft paffed in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to amend feveral Adirtktit* to the Local Militia of Great Britain, (hall be entitled to new Cloth-ing when their prefent Clothing (hall have been aftually and necef-farily worn for Two Years: Provided always, that when any Ser« jeant, Corporal or Drummer (hall be abfent on Furlough or Licence, fuch Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer (hall, during fuch Abfeoct, receive Pay at the following Rates inftead of thofe above mentioned; that is to fay, every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling a Day, evert Corporal the Sum of Eight pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day refpeftively, and no more; and it (hall be -lawful for the Secretary at War to caufe any fuch Pay to be from time to time iffued in Advance, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time for which fuch Advances (hall be made.

II. And be it further enafted. That there (hall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular Mika when difembodied, a Sum of Money in Addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for ev^ry One hundred Men of each fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, for the Expence of necefiary Medicines for the Sick Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers aud private Men of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, during the Period or Periods of Affembly for annual Exercife or Training; and ta the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, the Sum of Five Shillings and Three pence for every Day’s Training for the fame Purpofe, as alfo to the Surgeon of Regular Militia when difembodied, and to the Surgeon of Local Militia refpe&itely, an Allowance of Six pence per Month for each of the Non Cotn-miffioned Officers and Drummers of any fuch Regiment, Battalwa or Corps on conftant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necef-fary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commifiioned 05-cers and Drummers on conftant Pay at Head Quarters, while fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps is not called out for annual Training and Exercife.	y

4 IX. And whereas Perfons appointed to aft as Adjutants in the

*	Regular or Local Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered

*	incapable of doing the Duty thereof; and it is expedient that fome « Provifion (hould be made for them in Confideration of their former

*	ServicesBe it enafted, That if any Adjutant of Regular Militia, who (hall have ferved faithfully either in His Majesty's Regnlar Forces or in the Regular or Local Milkia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the Whole, Fifteen of which he (hall have ferved a an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militia, (hall by Age or Jnfinnirr



iSii.	52*GEO.IIL	C.hi, i 12,113.

lered unfit for further Service, he (hall, on producing to the er General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place ch fuch Regular or Local Militia fhall belong if in England, the Receiver General for Scotland if in Scotland, a Certificate n Service of Thirty Years as aforefaid, from the Commanding ^ of the different Corps to which he fhall have belonged, be 1 to receive, and the Receivers General aforefaid refpe&ively and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to fuch producing fuch Certificate as aforefaid, an Allowance at the of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Perfon r entitled to receive fuch Allowance as aforefaid who fhall have for a lefs Term than Fifteen Years as au Adjutant of Regular 'a I Militia, or who fhall hold any Office or Employment of Civil or Military, under His Majesty, except as Regimental talion Clerk of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular :al Militia: Provided alfo, that no fuch Adjutant fhall lofe ight he may have to Half Pay, by reafon of receiving fuch ince as aforefaid, but fhall be entitled to receive fuch Half Pay as fuch Allowance.

A39 except the Clavfes above inferted$ and alfo except $3. in r. 3 - c. 107. which it omitted in this is fimilar to 516. 3. 7-H

CAP. CXII.

for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March e tHoufand eight hundred and thirteen, the Charge of Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for Icing Allowances in certain cafes to Subaltern Officers of faid Militia during Peace.	[9th	July	1812.]

A39 except the Dates, is in all rcfpcSs fimilar to 51 G, 3. r.90.]

CAP. CXIII.

for raifing the Sum of One million two hundred and teen thoufand fix hundred and fixty fix Pounds Thirteen filings and Four pence Irtjh Currency, by Treafury Bills,

* the Service of Ireland for the Year One thoufand eight ndred and twelve.	[[9th	July	1812.]

ish Treafury may iffue Bills to a certain Extent to bear In-eft. $ 1. Bills iffued not to exceed 1,216,6661. 13s. 41I. Bills lot paid off, fhall be taken in Payment of the Revenue in Ire-idy after fuch time as the Treafury fhall appoint, and Intereft ill ceafe. $ 2, 3. Money to be carried to the Irijb Consolidated rod. $ 4* Said Bills to be chargeable thereon. § 5. Bank of tland empowered to advance the Sum of 1,216,6661. 13s. 4CL f the Credit of this Ad. § 6.

CAP.



607

are unfit to ferve.

Allowance not to affelt Half Pay.

C. 114, X15.

A.D. 18a

6o&

S2° GEO. ni.

CAP. CXIV.

An A<fl to enable the Commiflioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to iflue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of fuch Aids or Supplies as have been or (hall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.	[9th	July	1812.]

<f Treasury may ilfue Exchequer Bills in manner prefcribed by €t 48 G. 3. c. 1.—f 1. Claufes, &c. in recited Ad relating to Ex-** chequer Bills extended to this Ad. § 2. But not to iffoe Ex-4‘ chequer Bills on the Credit of 51 G. 3. c. 2. in any other mina^r u than they are authorized by that Ad, &c. $ 3. Intered of $^4. 44 per Cent, per Diem. § 4. Exchequer Bills may at the Expirauwi u of Four Months after Date, be taken in Payment of the Rere-** nue. $ 5. Batik of England authorized to advance 6,ooo,cooL u on the Credit of this Adt, notwitliftanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20. “ —- § 6.

sc G. V c. 95.

repealed.

.51 G. 3.C 66.

§*•

§«• b 3-

7.

CAP. CXV.

An Adi to make more effectual Provifion for enabling the Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of DubTin to eredl, repair and maintain Light Houfes and Lights round the Coafts of Ireland, and to raife a Fund for defraying rhe Charge thereof.	[9th	July	1812.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient to make more effedual Provisos

*	V V for the ereditig, repairing and maintaining of Light Houie>

*	and Lights round the Coaits of Ireland :* May it therefore pkale Your Majelty that it may beenaded 5 and be it enadted by the KingS Moll Excellent Majeity, by aud with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from asd after the Commencement of this Ad, an Ad made in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majelly’s Reign, intituled An A3 to enable the Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin to ereS, repair and maintain Light Houfes round the Coajls of Ireland, andh raife a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed, except only as to any Matters and Things bad or done under or by virtue of the fame at any time before the Commencement of this Ad; and that fo much and fuch Parts of an Ad made in the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Act to amend and render more effedual fever a I Ads for promotay the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more cost modious ; and for ere ding y repairing and maintaining Light Hovfei round the Coajl of Ireland, and to raife a Fund for defraying the Cbsq? thereof fhall be repealed, as impofe any Rates or Duties on any Ship or VelTel palling any Light Houfe or Light Houfes ou the Ccafl of Ireland; or on any Ship or Veffel palling a Floating Light ou ti* Kijh Bank, on tlie South Side of Dublin Bay; aud alio fo much and fuch Parts of the lalt recited Ad as impofe any Rates or Duties upon any Entry inwards or outwards of any Ship or VefTel made in any Port of Ireland, or on any Entry, Cocket or Warrant, in anr fuch Port for (hipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandize ; and abb

k



A.D.i8i2.

5 2a GEO. III.	C. x 15.	60f

o moch and fuch Parts of the faid lull recited Aft, whereby the Collection or Application of the faid fevcral Duties is directed and ppropriated, or whereby any of the tlates, Duties or Charge# granted iv the faid Aft in refpeCt of Ballad, or the additional Duties by the aid Ad impofed in refpeft of the Tonnage of Ships coming into the larbour of Dublin, or either of them, are direded to be applied towards erecting a Eight on the Kijb Bank aforefaid, or a Light Houfe >n the Hill of HorJutb ; and fo much and fuch Parts of the faid ill recited Aft as are herein mentioned, are hereby repealed ac- repealed, 'ordingly.

II.	And, for the making Provifjon for defraying the Expence of Duties paid to lurehafing Ground for and for building new Light Houfes, and for Corpoiatiou tor firing, fitting up, completing and keeping in Repair the feveral defraying

-iglu Houfes, Light Ships, Floating Lights, Beacons aud Sea darks, which have been or may be erected and built, or placed round ^ X °u ^ he Coalts of Ireland, be it further enafted, That, from aud after the ,'ommencement of this Aft, there fhall be payable and paid to the aid Corporation for preferviug and improving the Port of Dublin,

»y the Owners or Mailers of every Ship or decked VefTel which fhall afc any Light Houfe or Floating Light on the Coalls of Ireland, be Sums, Rates and Duties following ; that is to fay,

or every Britifb or Irijb Ship or decked VefTel navigated according to Law, which fhall pafs any fuch Light Houfe or Floating Light, for and in refpeft of every Light Houfe or Floating Light which fuch Ship or VefTel (hall pafs, and for and in refpeft of eveiy time of palling any and every fuch Light Houfe or Floating Light, whether the faid Ship or VefTel fhall he outward or homeward bound, or on a Foreign Voyage, or failing Coaftwife, the Sum of One Farthing, Brilijh Currency, for every Ton Burthen of fuch Ship or VefTel, for and in refpect of every fuch Light Houfe or Floating Light, and every time of pilling the fame :

Ind for every Foreign Ship or decked VelTel palling as aforefaid, the Sum of One Halfpenny, Britijh Currency, tor every Ton Burthen, for and in relpeft of every fuch Light Houfe or Floating Light, and every time of palling the fame.

III.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That this Aft fhall not Exemp ipn* xteud to charge with the Rates or Duties hereby impofed on the

tonnage of Ships and VelTels any of His Majelty’s Ships of War, nor ny Ships or VelTels whatever being the Property of His Majesty, lis Heirs or Succeflbrs, or of the Royal Family; nor any Filhing refills. Smacks or Boats ; and that all Coalling VelTels failing in Bal-ill only from any Port in Ireland to any other Port therein, (hall pay nlyOnc Half of the faid Rates and Duties ; any thing hereinbefore sentioned and contained to the contrary not with Handing.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That if any Light- Notice given doufc or Floating Light which (hall not at the time of the palung when I/ijht if this Act be completed in fuch manner as to have the Lights or Houfes com-Signals put up therein, /hall at any time after the palTing of this Aft Plete“*

built or repaired, placed or erefted 011 or near any Parts of the Coalls of Ireland, then and in fuch cafe a Notice gf the time when fuch Light Houfe or Floating Light has been or will be completed fo as to have Lights or Signals put up therein, (hall be given by 'he faid Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin,

Three



Google

>■

61 o

A.D. 18n.

C115.

5 a® GEO. III.

Duties paid on Entries inwards and outwards.

Li&ht Houfe Duties and Duties on En-tiies paid to Collector of (Attorns, Sec,

Three feveral times in the London and Dublin Gazettes, and the Duties by this Ad granted on the Tonnage of Ships or Veffek palling any fuch Light Houfe or Floating Light (hall not commence or be payable until after the time mentioned in fuch Notice, nor unleft fuch Lights or Signals (hall be put up in fuch Light Houfe or Halting Light at the time mentioned in fuch Notice.

V.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the Ccev mencement of this Aft, there (hall be payable and paid to the ia?i Corporation for preferving and improving of the Port of DuUin,\h Rates and Duties following j that is to fay, upon every Entry is-wards and on every Entry outwards of any Ship or Veflel made in any Port of Ireland, and upon every Entry, Cocket or Warrant is any fuch Port for (hipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandise ia-wards or outwards, or from any Port in Ireland to any other Port therein, where the Value of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize lhall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, the Sum of Six petet; and where fuch Value lhall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, tae Sum of Two Shillings.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Duties by this Aft granted on Ships or Veflels palling any Light Houfe or Floating Light on the Coaft of Ireland, lhall be paid to and collrdnl by the Colleftor or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms in the i'eversl Ports of Ireland and Great Britain refpeCtiveiy, in fuch Port of the United Kingdom into which any Ship or Veflel palling any fuch Light Houfe or Floating Light (hail arrive next after the paffiaget fuch Light Houfe or Floating Light refpeftively; and that the Duty by this Aft impofed on every Entry, Cocket or Warrant in any Port in Ireland, lhall be levied, collefted and received by the Colleftor or other Chief Officer of Cuftoms in every fuch Port; ini that the Collegers of His Majesty’s Cuftoms, Comptrollers, Re-ceivers of Entries, Surveyors or Searchers, Waiters and all other Officers of the Cuftoms whatever, or their refpeftive Deputies or Clerks at any of the Ports, Harbours or Places of the United Kingdom, lhall not, after the Commencement of the Duties by this Ad granted, take or receive any Entry or Cocket, or other Difchargcor Clearance, or take any Report outwards for any Ship or Veflel liable or fubjeft to the faid Duties, until all the faid Duties lhall be paid purfuant to the Directions of this Aft to the refpeftive Colle&ors of Cuftoms in fuch Port, nor until the Mafter or Owner of any i'hip or Veflel fubjeft to the Payment of the faid Duties lhall Ihew and produce a Receipt for all fuch Duties accordingly to the Office: required to take or receive any fuch Entry, Cocket, Di(charge, Clearance or Keport outwards aforefaid ; and that the fa;d Dutie? lhall from time to time be accounted for by the faid Colleftor* of Cuftoms refpeft ively, and fhall be by fuch Collectors paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer in Ireland for the Ufe of tl? faid Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin,ri lhall be ilfued from time to time by the faid Commiffioners fur executing the Office of Lord High Trcafurer of Ireland to the Corporation under the Authority of this Aft, and the faid Duties when fo paid over to the faid Corporation lhall by the faid Corporation be applied to the Pnrpofes of this Aft ; that is to fay, to cred, eftablilh, maintain and repair Light Houfes, Light Ships, Fluatmj Lights, Beacons and Sea Marks on or near the Coafts of I rear I

11	Vli.



A.I>.i8i2*	$ 2° GEO. Ill*	C.115.	6tt

VII.	Provided alwayO, and be it enafted, That the Whole of the Ballaft, &c dditional Duties granted by the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fird Duty E«ntcdbf ear aforefaid in refpedt of Ballad delivered or taken on board Ships, s 4*5 levied as id of the additional Tonnage on Ships coming into the Harbour of *ther Duti«*. Dublin granted by the faid Aft, (hall be collefted and levied in like lanner and under the like Powers as other Duties of the like nature -»ay by Law be collefted and levied by the faid Corporation, and tie Produce thereof applied towards the increafed Expence of railing nd procuring Ballad, and to the Improvement of the Port and Har-our of Dublin.

* VIII. And whereas by an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majedy King 4G.1.00 €.7. George the Fird, for the Purpofe, among other things, of veiling in His Majedy the feveral Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments wherever Light Houfes were or fhould be built, Powers were given to certain Commiflioners to be appointed under the faid Aft with refpeft to the building or repairing of Light Houfes in Ireland: And whereas by an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Seventh Year of His prefent Maiefty’s Reign, to continue, 7	3-	(!•)*•

amend and make more effeftual the faia recited Aft made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majedy King George the Fird, the Commiflioners for Barracks in Ireland were empowered to carry into Execution the Powers of the faid recited Aft of the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fird, with refpeft to Light Houfes: And whereas by an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty flxth Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, 36 G. 3. (I.) intituled An Ad to empower the Commijjioncrs of His Majcjiy’s c*

Revenue, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, to ered Light Houfes round the Coajls of this Kingdom, and to levy a Ton•

Mge Duty on all Shipping, certain Provifions were made for the Purpofes in the faid Aft mentioned : And whereas by an Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majedy’s Reign, intituled 46 G. 3.0.106. An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the feveral Adsf Mat-ten and Things under the Management of the Commijjioncrs of Gufiomt and Port Duties, and the Commifioners of Inland Excife and Taxes to Ireland, certain Powers were vefled in the faid Commiflioners of wultoms and Port Duties, to enable them to purchafe Lands and Tenements for building Light Houfes: And whereas it is ex- § 75>7^. *dient that the Management of the Funds for erefting, repairing md maintaining the Light Houfes round the Coafls of Ireland, uid all Powers and Authorities relating to fuch Light Houfes, hould remain and be veded in the faid Corporation for preferving ind improving the Port of Dublin ;* Be it therefore enafted, That Powers for ereft-and every the Powers and Authorities which, in and by the faid	Houfcs

ronbefbre lad recited Afts or any of them, or by any Aft or Afta fx/rcife/b*1 f amending or continuing the fame, or any of them, or in and by Corporation for kotber Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, were at any time veded in improving Port nerdfed by the laid Commiflioners of Barracks, or by the Com- of Dublin, ■friers of Revenue, or by the Commiflioners of Cufloms and Port Ifees, with refpeft to the erefting, building, rebuilding, repairing I toarataimng of any Light Houfe or Light Houfes on or round iCoaft of Ireland, and the Receipt and Management of all Light joule Dues and other Duties and Fuuds at any time payable or ^uprated in Ireland, for or in refpeft of the Ereftion, Repair or I 52 Gko. III.	R	r	Main-

1	Digitized	by CjOO^IC

6iz

joO.> c.95.



52* GEO. III.

A.D.1S12.

Corporation to build and keep m Repair fuch Light Houfes m lhall be deemed neceflaty.

Notice given to the Trinity Houfe when any new Light Houle is in. tended,



Maintenance of Light Houles, and which by the laid beronWre recited A€t of the Fiftieth Year of His prefent MajestyU Reign wm veiled in and given to the faid Corporation for preferring and improving the Port of Dublin, lhall be and remain veiled m the fod Corporation, and (hall be and continue to be had, ufed and exoriti by the faid Corporation as fully and effeduaUy for the Purpabs of this A& to all Intents and Purpofes as if all fuch Powers and AotW-rities were herein fpecially repeated aad re-enaded, fubjed to the Fa* vifions and Regulations in this Ad contained.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lavfol for the faid Corporation for preferring and improving the Poit of Dublin from time to time to repair and maintain all and any Light Houfe and Light Houfes, and all and every of the Beacons, Light Ships and Floating Lights, Marks and Signs for the Sea, ftaadog or being in any Plrce or Places on or round or near the Coat of Ireland; and alfo that it (hall and stay be lawful for the faid Corporation, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Led Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Inland for the time being, and by and with the Confent of the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or of the CommifRoners for executing tk Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three of them, and the fod Corporation are hereby empowered, with fuch Confent and Approbation, from time to time to build, ered, repair, maintain or ask or procure to be built, ere&ed, repaired and maintained, any new or other Light Houfe or Light Houles in any Place or Places <* or round or near the CoaRs of Ireland, and alio to alter the Light or Lights in any e&iRing Light Houfe or Light Houfes, aad to make, ered, fet up, and place fuch and fo many new or other Light Houfes, Light Ships, Floating Lights, Beacons, Marks and Sgw for the Sea, in (uch Place and rlaces of the Sea Shores and Uplands near the Sea CoaRs of Ireland, or Forelands of the Sea, or eUewkoet for Sea Marks, as to them (hall feem moR meet, needful and reqaifo whereby the Dangers may be avoided and eicaped, and Ships tk better come into their Ports without Peril; and all fudi Ligj Houfes, Light Ships, Floating Lights, Beacons and Sea Marks 1 build, ered, place, repair and maintain at fuch Places and in foe manner and of fuch ConRrudions and Dimenfions as lhall appa to the faid Corporation to be expedient: Provided always, tb whenever the faid Corporation for preferving and improving the Fa of Dublin, (hall think it expedient to ered any new Light Host Beacon or Sea Mark, or to alter any exifling Light Houle or L^gh Houles, or to ered or fet up indead thereof any new or other Lift or Lights, Beacons or Sea Marks on any of the laid CoaRs, the m Corporation lhall make a Communication in Writing of fuch thd Intention to the MaRer, Wardens and Aififtants of the GuiUi Ft teniity or Brotherhood of the MoR Glorious and Undivided Ti and of Saint Clement in the Pariih of Deptford Stroud, in the Coni of Kent, in that Part of the United Kiugdom called England monly called The Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford3*** and in fuch Communication the faid Corporation for prebwng improving the Port of Dublin lhall Rate or caufc to be liMl the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Slrond the m pofed Place, .'Situation and .Sdte of every fuch Light Hook, 9* con or Sea Mask, with the Reafona, Grounds aad Motbahr

tk





*an>

5a0 GEO. IH.	C.)	i£.	6*3

thereof, and the Nature and Kind of the Ljght oc s prpgpfed pr intended to be ufed and exhibited therein, with tewfed Conftru^ion thereof, and alfo the Situation of any a or other Sea Marks which thefaid Corporation for improving pf$ pf Dublin (hall deem requifite to be ere&ed or fet up, t<&

* with aU fuch other Particulars as (hall or may be necelfery ibh the hud Corporation of Trinity Houfe to judge and line thereon ; and fhall alfo, upon the Requifition of the laid ratio# of Trinity Houle, furniih and give to them all fuph r nfid other Information touching the fame, or in relation there-yell in Writing as otherwife, as the faid Corporation of Trinity (haU or may require ; and upon any fuch Communication, or the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe (hall at any other time, my Occafion think it requifite and proper fo to do as herein-mentioned, it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid Corporation lity Houfe within Six Calendar Months after the Receipt of ommunication, or at fuch other times as they (hall think (it, to : to the (aid Corporation for preferring and improving the Port dim, any Alterations, Improvements or Amendments, either in 1 to the Scite and Situation of any fuch Light Houfe, Beacon Mark, or of the Plan or Conftru&ion thereof, or the Light hts fee up and ufed, or to be fet up, ufed and exhibited therein Purpofe of rendering and making the fame of the fulled and practicable Ufe and Benefit to Navigation, and in order that *e may thereby be aqd become perfectly and completely diftiu-»le from any of the Light Houfes on any Parts of the Coa&s land* Wales or Scotland, and moreover to make and give all or :h other Suggeftions rtfpeding any fuch Light Houle, Beacon Mark as to the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe (hall feem and neceffary ; and the fame, if approved by the faid Comers for improving the Port of Dublin, fubjedt neverthelefs to wers herein given to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief tor, and to the Lord High Treafurer and Commtffioners for ng; the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland in that Beall be binding and conclufive, and fhall in all refpe&s, fubjed efaid, be conformed to and carried into Execution : Provided If TrinityMoofe that if the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe fnall not, within d? not 1* x Calendar Months after any fuch Communication to be made ^adeninay 1 as aforefaid, make or propofc any fuch Suggeftions as 3fore- pr^eed. * the (aid Corporation for prcferwig and improving the Port (in, then and in fuch cafe the fame (hall be confidered and taken ipproved of or acquiefced in and by the faid Corporation of Houfe ; and thereupon it (hall and may be lawful for the jrporation for preferring and improving the Port of Dublin, with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, to proceed tre&ing and building of any fuch new Light Houfe or Light l» Beacons or Sea Marks, or in the altering any exifting Light, cait may be, according to fuch Plan and Communication as une been made to the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe as id: Proridedalfo, that from time to time, and at all times, and Suggfftion* of Occafion» whenever the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe j*,c !.	,,

fta or think k requifite to make and communicate any Sug- LoidLeuwaans. MW. JLepnefentation whatever to the faid Corporation for im-East Dublin, on the Subject pf or in relation to any R r 2	new



Google

6u

C-iij.

ja- GEO. IU.

A.D.1812.

Powers of a6 G 3. (I.) c. 19. See. applied u> Ad.

new Light Houfe or Light Houfes, Beacons or Sea Marks, or 00 the Subjed of or in relation to any of the exiting Light Houfes, Beacons or Marks for the Sea on or near the Coafts of Irelandt or toward ^ the Improvement thereof, or for rendering the fame more effectual for the Safety of His Majesty's Ships, or ofthofe engaged ia Commerce or in His Majesty’s Service, or (hall tranfmit any Coo-plaint which (hall or may at any time be made to the faid Corporate of Trinity Houfe, in relation to the Infufficiency or Defediveoefs of any of the faid Lights, Beacons or Marks for the Sea, then the £»d Corporation tor preferving and improving the Port of Dublin flail without Delay tranfmit a Copy of every fuch Suggeftion, Communication, Reprefentation or Complaint to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, and alfo to the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the laid Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and alio to and for the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners for executing the fad Office, or any Three of them, to make and give fuch Orden ad Directions to the faid Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin, with refped to any fuch Suggeffcions, Communications and Reprefentations or Complaints, and in relation to the Matters and Things therein contained or referred to, as to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, or to the Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners aforefaid, or any Three of the*, (hall feem fitting and expedient; and the faid Corporation for pie-ferving and improving the Port of Dublin (hall in all things confer® to and obey ail fuch Orders and Diredions as laft mentioned, and (hall proceed and ad therein accordingly.

X. And beit further enaded, That all the Powers and Pron&on contained in an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twetty fixth Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An A8 f$r ft> mating the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour mm commodious, whereby the faid Corporation for preferving and in-proving the Port of Dublin is empowered or authorized to porctak and acquire any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments for the Purpoki of the laid recited Ad, and all and every Ad and Ads for ameidsf the faid Ad, in refped to the Matters and Things aforefaid, and a5 Powers and Provifions of any of the faid Ads, or any other Ad ocj Ads whereby the faid Corporation is required to account to the C miffioners of Impreft Accounts, or to the Commiffioners for aud the Public Accounts of Ireland, for the Difpofal of the Funds a their Management, (hall be applied in the Execution of this Ad, I far as the fame are applicable to the Purpofes of this Ad, as fully to effedually to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever as if the fame wet repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

‘XL And whereas by feveral Ads made in the Parliament of * Great Britain, and by divers Charters and Grants of the Down,

‘ certain Tonnage Rates, Tolls and Duties are made payable toi 4 the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Stmd far!

4 Ships or Veffels paffing certain Light Houfes on the Coafts off 4 Great Britain, and it frequently happens that Ships orVe&fcl 4 after paffing fuch Light Houfes do not come into any Fort a J ? Gnat Britain, but arrive in the Ports of Inland^ audit is expedr* J

... 1



Google

A.D. i8tt.

52* GEO. in.

C. 115.	615

€ to make effe&ual Provifion for the Colle&ion of the faid Duties

4 m the Ports of*Ireland on fuch Ships or Veflels, in refpedt of

4 fuch Light Houfes Be it therefore ena&ed, That, from and after CollefTionof

the Commencement of this A6f, it (hall and may be lawful for the Duties payable

Colle&or or other Chief Officer of Ctiftoms in any Port in Ireland to Corporation

into which any Ship or VefTel (hall arrive after paffing any Light Houfe provided

Houfe or Light Houfes on the Coaft of Great Britain, in refpetf for. P

of which any Rate, Toll or Duty is payable for fuch Ship or Veliel

to the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe, and every fuch Collector

or other Head Officer is hereby authorized, empowered and required,

to colled and receive fuch Rates, Tolls and Duties as (hall be due

for fuch Ship or Veffel, in ref; e& of any fuch Light Houfe or Light

Houfes, according to fuch Table or Tables and other Dire&ions as

fhall and may be tranfmitted by the faid Corporation of Trinity

Houfe, to all or any fuch Colledors or other Officers in all or any

of the Ports of Ireland ; and that the Collators of His Majesty’s

Cuftoms, Comptrollers, Receivers of Entries, Surveyors or Searchers,

Waiters and all other Officers of the Cuftoms whatever, or their re-fpedive Deputies or Clerks at any of the Ports, Harbours or Places of Ireland where fuch Ships or Veflels fhall fo arrive, fhall not, after the time hereinbefore appointed for the Commencement of this A6t, take or receive any Entry or Cocket or other Difcharge or Clearance, or permit any Goods or Stores to be laid on Land, or dif-charged or fhipped out of, from or on any fuch Ships or Veflels, or take any Report outwards for any fuch Ship or Veffel fo liable or fubied to the faid Duties, until all fuch Rates, Tolls and Duties (hall be paid to the refpective Cofle&ors of Cuftoms in fuch Ports refpet lively, nor until the Matter or Owner, or Perfon having Charge of the Ship or Veffel fubjed to the Payment of the faid Rates, Tolls or Duties, (hall (hew and produce a Receipt for all fuch Rates,

Tolls and Duties accordingly to the Officer required to take or receive any fuch Entry, Cocket, Difcharge, Clearance or Report outwards as aforefaid, and that the faid Duties (hall from time to time be accounted for by the faid Collectors of Cuftoms or Officers re-(pedively, and (hall be by fuch CoUe&ors or Officers refpettively from time to time remitted and paid, into the Receipt of His Majesty’a Cuftoms of Ireland in the Port of Dublin, and (hall from time to time be iffued and paid by the Receiver General of His Majesty's Cuftoms of Ireland, or his Deputy for the time being, for the Ufe of the faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe to fuch rerfon or Per-fons as the faid Corporation (hall appoint for that Purpofe.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That this Acl flrall commence Commencem«* and take Effed from the Twenty firft Day of April One thoufand of A&,&c. eight hundred and twelve, fo far as relates to the Repeal of the feveral Duties in refped of Light Houfes under the faid recited Ad of the Fifty firft Year aforefaid. and alfo fo far as relates to the Payment of the feveral Rates and Duties by this A6t impofed and made payable on Ships or Veflels arriving, or which (hall have arrived' or (hall arrive in any Port or Harbour in the United Kingdom at any time after the faid Twenty firft Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twelve 5 and that in cafe any of the Duties in refpeft . of Light Houfes granted by the faid recited A£t of the Fifty firft Year and hereby repealed, fhall have been paid or (hall be paid to or recdiied by any of tne Collc&ors pf Cuftoms in any of the laid Ports

R r 3

Google

at



AsD.tSh.

C.115,116,117.

ji* GEO. ffl.

s* G. 3.C. 38. § 38. 44*

at any time after the faid Twenty firft Day of April One thonfnd eight hundred and twelve, it (hall and may be lawful for the £bd Cplle&orc, and they are hereby authorized and required, oat of tay Money in their Hands, to repay or allow to the Perfon or Pedant who (hall have paid the faid Duties the Amount of Three Forth Parts of fuch Slim or Sums as they (hall have fo paid at any time dier the faid 'twenty firft Day of April One thoufand eight handled and twelve in refped of fuch Duties, and to retain the other One Forth Part of fuch Sum or Sums in Satisfa&ion and Difcharge of the Duties payable under this Ad ; and that as to all other Matters aad Things in this Ad contained, the fame (hall take Effed and be in force immediately after the Expiration of Ten Days next after the paffing of this Ad.

CAP. CXVI.

An A& tb arn’enfl an AGt of this Seflion of fcatliameiit fa amending thb Laws relating to the Local Militia of EngtatL

[13th July 1M2.]

\jLJ HE REAS by an Ad palled in the prefent Seffion of Pa-tW liament, intituled An Ad to amend the Law relating to the Local Militia of England, it is, amongft other things, enadtd tad provided, that no Perfon having paid any Fine for not (erring is the Lopal Militia (hall be liable to ferve until the Expiration d I’wo Years from the Period of hating paid fuch Fine: And whereas it is expedient that a fimilar Exemption from Service (hould be allowed to Perfons who have ferved personally in tie Local Militia Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Ex* cellent Majetty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lodi Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent ParbuMit Provifo for Per- Ambled, ahd by the Authority of the fame, That every Perfoa fo..* who have who (hall have ferved perfonally in the Local Militia, daring the ferved perion .llv Period for which he may have been liable to ferve, (hall be exempted in Local Militia. fr0m being again ballotted and enrolled in the Local Militia for TfO Years from the Expiration of his Period of Service.

CAP. CXVII.

An A& for impofing additional Duties of Cuftomfe on cemin Species of Wood, and on Pot and Pearl Allies imported into Great Britain.	[13th July 18	2.]

4 WJ HE REAS it is expedient that additional Duties of Cufaw 4 VV (hould be impefed on the Importation into Great firm 4 of certain Species of Wood, and on Pearl and Pot Alhesj* Be k therefore cr.a&ed by the King’s Mod Excellent Majetty, by id with the Adv ce and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temportl, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and bj tit Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Firft Dtyoffy tember One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, there (ball be iiiird, levied, colle&ed and paid, to and for the Ufe of His Majrfy, bis Heirs and Success, the feveral additional Permanent indT«n* porary or War Duties ©f Culioms on Balks, Fir Quarters and Ufa* and on Pot and Pearl Allies, imported into Great Britain, atk fame are feterally and refpt&ively mfcvtd^ defcribed tad fa ktb



Additional Duties on Balk», fcc.

AJD.it 14.

sa° GEO. m.

C.ivj.

617

m Figure* is tbe Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.) 5 aad that Drawback there (hsH be paid or allowed on the Exportation of fuch Balks, allowed.

Fir Quarters and Ufers, the feveral Drawbacks of the faid Duties of CttAama as the fiunt are nrfpedivdy in&rted, defcribed and fet forth, lathe (aid Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.)

II.	And be h further eea&ed. That fo much of the laid additional Duty paid Duties ef Cuftems hereby impo&d as fell under the Tkle or De- durinS ^ w>r» fcnripcioo of Temporary or War Duties, (hall be paid and payable &Ca

during the Continuance of tbe prelent War, and for Six Mootns after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That the additional Duties hereby Duty on Balks, impofed on Balk6, Fir Quarters and Ufers, may be Secured by Bond *c# ^cured bY under the Regulations of an A€t pafied in the Forty third Year of

the Rein of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Aft for permitting certain Goode imported into Great Britain to be feeured in Warcbcufc wtbomt Payment of Duty.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing Duty not to ex-herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend, to charge ttnd.t0 Balks, any Balks, Fir Quarters or Ufers, with the additional Duties hereby ?c* imposed, which mall be imported dirc&ly from any Britijh Colony, Colonies"!!! Plantation or Settlement in Africa or America, or which (hall be America, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading

to the Eafi Indict, or anv Pearl or Pot Aihes, being the Produce of any Britijh Colony or Plantation in America, and imported dire&ly from thence.

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That the faid ad- Duties payable ditional Duties of Cuftoms (hall be charged and payable on any Balks, 0,1 Articles dc* Fir Quarters and Ufers, and on any Pearl or Pot Allies enumerated or defcribed in the faid Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), which baviog been warehoufed or otherwise feeured under the Authority of

any A& of Parliament without Payment of Duty, (hall be taken out of any fuch Warehouse or Place where the fame (hall have been lodged or feeured for tbe Purpofe of being ufed or confumed in Great Britain, after the (aid Firft Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, notwithftanding fuch Balks, Fir Quarters, Ufers or Pot or Petri Aihes may have been imported into Great Britain before the Firft Day of September One thouland eight hundred and twelve.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed. That fuch of the Duties by this Duties under Aft impofed as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called England, ^T^lo,,crb (ball be under the Management of the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms 01 ms*

in England for the time being ; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

‘ VII. And whereas it is expedient, that the Duties on Balks, Fir ‘ Quarters and Ufers, imported into Great Britain, being Five Inches 4 fquaie or upwards, fhould be afeertained and colle&ed by Meafure 4 aad not by Tale %* Be it therefore ena&ed. That, from and after Balks, &c. Five the (aid Firft Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and Inches (quwear

feribed in Schedule.

contrary notwithftanding : Provided always, that in cafe any Balks, Fir Quarters or Ufers, on which the Duties are by this A6t directed to be charged according to the Meafure thereof, and which having R r 4.	been

vjOOQlC

618

A.D. iSa

C.117.	520 GEO. III.

been warehoufed or otherwise licenfed under the Authority of any A A of Parliament without Payment of Duty, (hall be taken oat of any fuch Warehoufe or.Place for the Purpofeof being ufedor coo-fumed in Great Britain after the. faid Firft Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, all fuch Balks, Fir Quartmand Ufers, (hall be fubjeft and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber, notwithftanding fuch Balks, Fir Quarters or Ufers, may have beea imported into Great Britain on or before the (aid Firft Day of Sep tember One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid additional Dutie* of Cuftoms and Drawbacks of Du ies of Cuftoms by this Aftim* pofed and allowed, (hall be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, eai-lefted, anfwered, paid, recovered aud allowed in fuch and the Hke manner and by the fame means, ways and methods as any Duties of Cuftoms or Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms of a like Nature are managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, recovered and allowed, and under and fubjeft to the feveral Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines or Forfeitures for any Offence whatever committed again ft or in Breach of any Ad or Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the paffiog of this Aft, made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Poven and Direftions therein contained, (hall be in full Force and EfFed u to the faid Duties and Drawbacks, as fully and effectually to ill Intents and Purpofes as if they were at large repeated and re-ena&d in this Aft,

Application of	IX* And be it further enafted. That all Monies from tame to time

Duties.	arifmg from the faid Duties, the neceflary Charges of railing aid

accounting for the fame refpeftively excepted, (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at WefmmjleT, and (hall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the 49 G.3. c.98. X)uties impofed by an Aft paffed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled 4n for repealing the fevertl Duties of Cufloms chargeable in Great Britain, anti for granting ether Duties in lieu thereof \ are direfted to be appropriated and applied.

In cafes of Con- X. And whereas Contrafts may have been made for tne Sale of tra£h Dune Wood, Pearl and Pot A(h prior to the palling of this Aft, be it there* «dded t0 pr,CM* fore enafted. That in all cafes where any Wood, Pearl and Pot Alb, whereon the refpeftive Duties by this Aft impofed (hall be chamd, (hall be delivered in purfuance of fuch Contrafts or Sales, it fluff be lawful for the Dealer or Dealers in fuch Wood, Pearl and Pot A(h delivering the fame, to charge fo much Money as (hall be equivalent to the Duties by this Act impofed in refpeft thereof, in Addition to the . Price of. fuch Wood, Pearl and Pot Afli, and fuch Dealer or Dealers (hall be entitled by virtue of this Aft to demand and be paid the fame accordingly.

Aft altered, See, XI. And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be rovd, altered or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be made in thisprefat Seffioa of Parliament.

LiOOQle

table

A,D.j8ix

520 GEO. III. C.117,118.	619

TABLE to which this Aft refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of additional Duties of Cuftoms payable on certain Species of Wood imported into Great Britain, not being imported direftly from any Britifh Colony, Plantation or Settlement in Africa or America, or not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and on Pot and Pearl Afhes not being the Produce of any Britifh Colony or Plantation in America and imported direftly from thence.

	Permanent.		Temporary  or
	Duty.	Drawback.	War Duties.
BALKS, videlicet,  under 5 Inches Square imported in	/. d.	£ t. d.	£ s. d*
a Britifh-built Ship, the 120  	not imported in a  Britifh-built Ship,	5 14 6	3 16 4	I 18 3
the 120  FIR QUARTERS, videlicet,  under 5 Inches Square imported in	5 16 6	3 16 4	I 18 10
a Britifh-built Ship, the 120  — — —	not imported in a  Britifh-built Ship,	5 14 6	3 4	* l8 2
the 120  UFERS, videlicet,  under 5 Inches Square imported in	5 16 6	3 16 4	I 18 10
a Britifh-built Ship, the 120  	f— not imported in a  Britifh-built Ship,	5 H 6	3 16 4	I l8 2
the 120  ASHES, videlicet.	5 16 6	3 16 4	I 18 XO
Pearl and Pot Afhes the Hundred Weight	036	OOO	0 12
(See the Aft to which this Table is annexed.) .			

CAP. CXVIII.

An Aft to amend an Aft made in the prefent Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AEl to revive and continue until the Thirty frf Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, Jo much of an AEl made in the Forty ninth Tear of His prefent Majefy, to prohibit the Dijlillation of Spirits from Corn or Groin, in the United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain v and to revive and continue another AEl made in the Forty ninth Tear aforefaid, to fufpend the Importation of Britifh or Irifh-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland refpeElively; and for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wafb maae from Sugar during the Prohibition of Dijlillation from Com or Grain in Great Britain.	[13th	July	1812.]

« WHEREAS

'	Digitized	by	CjOOQ	1C

C.n8.

A.D.itn.

61#

5l# GEO. in.

S% G. 3. «■ 3»

I.**

4 TT7HEREAS by an Aft made in the prefent Seffiotof Par.

*	W liament, intituled ^5 /o revive and cont'm* aft/ /At 4 Thirty jirfi Day of December One thoufand eight hundred mJtvche,

4 fo much of an A3 made in the Forty ninth Tear of H'u prefat Mefcfo,

4 to prohibit the Difiillation of Spiritt from Com or Grom, it the 4 United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain $ and to remit md 4 continue another A3 made in the Forty ninth Tear eforefmd, to Jof-4 pend the Importation of Britifb or Iri(h-made Spirits into Grot

*	Britain or Ireland refpedively ; and for granting certain Doha a

*	IVorts or Wafh made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Difi-4 lotion from Com or Grain in Great Britain; it is ena&ed, dot

*	until the Fird Day of December One thoufand eight hundred ad

*	twelve, no Perfon or Perfons (hould be permitted to make Eatry

*	of any Houfe or Houfes, or Place or Places in England for makisg 4 or diddling Spirits from Sugar for Exportation to Scotland, dot

*	(hould any Perfon or Perfons be permitted to make Entry of ay 4 Houfe or Houfes or Place or Places in Scotland for making •?

4 diddling Spirits from Sugar for Exportation to England, (are aoi 4 except fucn Houfe or Houfes or Race or Places as (hould hut 4 been duly entered and employed or ufed for making and difti%

*	Spirits from Corn or Grain for fuch Exportation from Eogltd 4 to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, as the cafe might requne,

4 between the Fird Day of 0Sober One thoufand eight hundred ud 4 eleven and the pafGng of the faid recited Aft, nor (hould any Per-

*	fon or Perfons be permitted to make in any fuch entered node

*	or Houfes, Place or Places, or to export a Number of GaDotuot 4 Spirits within the Year from the Commencement of fach Entry 4 on the Fird Day of Odober One thoufand eight hundred md 4 eleven, beyond the Quantity which fuch Perfon or Perfons raid 4 have been entitled to have made from Corn or Grain, and to bare 4 exported from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to EagLni,

4 as the cafe might require, if the Didillation from Com or Gnu 4 had not been prohibited, farther than the Excefs of Produced 4 Spirits from Sugar Wa(h above the Produce of Spirits from Con 4 Wafh, computing fuch Produce at and after the Rate of Eigbtei 4 Gallons of Spirits, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydroswter 4 Proof, for every Hundred Gallons of Wort or Walh made or

4 didilled from Corn during fuch Portion of the Year as fuch Dtf- I 4 tiller or Didillers (hould have been making or diftilling from Cora 4 fmce the Fird Day of Odober One thoufand eight hundred tfid 4 eleven, and of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits at the Strength 4 aforefaid for every Hundred Gallons of Wort or Wafh to be 4 tilled from Sugar during fuch Period of the prefent Year of oar 4 Lord as fuch Didiller or Didillers (hould continue to make or 4 didil Spirits from Sugar, Bom and after the laid Eighth Day of 4 February One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, until the tare 4 at which the annual Entry of fuch Houfe or Houfes or Pkeor 4 Places would have expived; any thing in the faid recked Ad or 4 any other Aft to the contrary in any wife notwithdanding: And 4 whereas the faid Provifion does in eneft redrain fuch Pdoss in 1 England and Scotland as have been duly entered and employed for

*	making or diddling Spirits from Sugar for Exportation to Satlad

•	and England fefpeftively, between the faid Fird Day of 09tk 14 One tkoufand eight hundred and twelve and the faid Firft Dirtf

* Decoder i

v^ooQle

hJD.it ii.

C. ii*.

5a«GE0.m.	C.	nt,

f December Be it therefore ena&ed by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament arfem->lcd, and by the Authority of the fame* That any Perfon or Perfons ffhofe Houfe or Houfes, Place or Places were duly entered and employed for making and diftilling Spirits from Com or Grain for Exportation as aforefaid, between the Firft Day of QBober One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, and the Seventh Day of />-bruary One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, (hall be permitted to continue until the faid Firft Day of December to diftil Spirits from Sugar for Exportation from England to Scotland9 or from Scot-f**d to England reipe&ively, as the cafe may require; any thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding: Provided always, that every fuch entered Wafh Still for fuch time or times between the faid Firft Day of OBober One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and the Firft Day of December as the fame be Worked, (hall be prefumed to be charged at the average Rate of not lefs than Six Times in each Week, and fuch Wafh Still (hall not be charged or Worked oftener than Six Times in each Week, on the Average of the Time for which the fame is hereby allowed to be worked; and every fuch Diftiller (hall produce to the Sight of the proper Officer, and duly export to England or Scotland refpe&ively ts the cafe may be, Twenty one Gallon of Spirits of the Strength of Oue to Ten over Hydrometer Proof for every One hundred Gallons of Woirt or Wlkfh that (hall during fuch Period have been aduaHy diftilled into Spirits; and if any fuch Diftiller (hall charge his or her Wafh Still oftener than Six Times in each Week, on the Average between the faid Firft Day of QBober and the faid Firft Bay of December, or during fuch Part of the faid Period as the fame jfaaU be worked, he (hall forfeit and pay for every Working beyond tuch Average at and after the Rate of Twenty Shillings her Gallon, computed at the Produce of Twenty one Gallons of spirits at the Strehgth of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof fbr every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wafh which fuch Wafh Still would require to chaise it Four Parts in Five of its Contents ; the faid Penalties to be recovered and applied in the fame manner in which the Fines* Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by an A6t pafied in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, inti tilled An AB to prohibit the DifiiNation of Spirits from Corit or Gntfity In the United Kingdom, for a limited Time, are direded to be recovered and applied.

II. And be it further ena&ed. That no DiftiHer or Diitihers in England or Scotland refpeAively (hall be allowed to make Entry Or give Notice of his Intention to make or diftil any Spirits from Sugkr for Exportation from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, at any other time than on the Firft Day of December in eadi Year; any thing in any former Ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

HI. And be it further ena&ed. That eudh and every LicttiCe granted or to be granted fbr the Purpofe of diftilhng Spirits from Bagir, and which (haH have been granted between the Eleventh Day bf Pfbrwary laft aftd the Firft Day of December now next enfuing, (bail be ddeoted and conftrued to have taken knd (hall take EfFedt from ibe Day of tkfc Dfcte of ftch Licence or Licences nefye&ively,

, 

621

Houfes entered for diftilling Spirits from Com for Exportation between Oft. f, l8u,andFeb. 7, 181 a, permitted till Dec. 1,1812, to diftil Spirits from Sugar for Exportation from England to Scotland, &e. Average Rate t£ charge of Walk Still

Diftiller to produce and export proportionate Quantity of Spirits.

Penalty.

49 G.3. c.y.

Notice of Diftil* lation from Sugar for Exportation given 1 ft Dec. yearly.

Licences for did tillingfrom Sugar in force from Date thereof till ift Dec. next.

■6l2

Licences to Dif-tilleis in Lowlands of Scotland to take Effed from ill Dec. yearly.

But fuch Licences vacated or •hered on Terms flowed by

4$ G.3. c.118.

43 G. 3, c.153*

IS.

C. 118,119.	5	29 GEO. III.	AJ). 1812.

and the fame (hail enure and be in force from the Date thereof until . the faid Firft Day of December ; any thing in this or in any former Adi contained to the contrary thereof in any wile uotwithfUfidag.

IV. And be it further enadled, That, from and aftrt the faid Firft Day of December now next enfuing, every .Licence to he granted to any Dilliller or Diftillers in the Lowlands of Scotland for the making or ditlilling of Spirits from Sugar for Home Cog* fumption, fha 1 commence and take Effedt from the Firft Day of December in each Year, and fhall be and remain in Force and Effect for and during any Period of time in which, by or under the Authority of any Ad or Adis of Parliament paffd or to be pafiied, the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Great Britain flail be prohibited not exceeding the Space of One Year from every fuck Firft Day of December : Provided always, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any licenfed Diftiller or Diftillers in the Lowlands of Scotland to deliver up to the Commiflioners of Excife, or to the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of the Diftridl, his, her or their Licenct to be vacated or altered on the Terms and Conditions, and at the use and in fuch manner as immediately before the palling of an Ad of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of Hi& prefent Majesty, iuuW An Ad to prohibit the Diftillaiion of Spirits from Corn or Ltrainftrs limited Time, were by any Adi or Ads of Parliament then in force direded for vacating or altering Licences granted for the making or diftilling of Spirits from Corn 01 Grain for Home Confumptioii 0 the faid Lowlands; any thing herein or in any other Ad or Attsof Parliament contained to the contrary in any wile notwithftaudwg.

CAP. CXIX.

An Adi to Tepeal fo much of an Adi of the Forty third Year of His prefent Majesty, as permits the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Turkey, Egypt or the Levant Seas, ifl Foreign Ships.	[13th July .m]

*	\XJ HEREAS by an Adi paffed in the Forty third Year of the .* VV Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to pend, ■* during the Continuance of HoJHltties, and until Six Months after tit

*	Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation jtf?

*	Great Britain and Ireland, in neutral Vejfels, from States in Ant1

* with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandizes; mi 4 to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exports-4 tion of Copper^ and to permit the Importation, in neutral Pe/ets.fif 4 States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Uoods, Warts«i 4 Merchandize ; any Goods or Commodities which before the paling 4 of the faid Adi had been ufually imported from Turkey or Egfc,

*	or from any Place within the Dominion of the Grand Seignior

*	within the Levant Seasy may, during the Continuance of HoftuitiB . * and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Trrxy

*	of Peace, be imported and brought by any Perfon or Pcrfoo* that-4 foever, into the United Kingdom, from any Port or Place that-4 foever, in any Ship or Veffel built in or belonging to Great Britain

*	or Ireland% navigated and regiftered according to Law, or in any 4 Ship or Veffel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity wift 4 His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, navigated with Foreign So-‘ men ; And whereas it is expedient to repeal fo much of the uid b£

10	‘	‘a



Google

A .D.1812..	520 GEO. III. C. t19,120.	623

as permits the Importation of fuch Goods and Commodities in Ship* and Veffels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty navigated with Foreign Seamen ;* Be it therefore enaded iy the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and ^onfentofthe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this >refent Parliament affembled. and by the Authority of toe fame, That o much of the faid Ad as permits Goods or Commodities which >efore the paffing thereof had been uftially imported from Turkey or or from any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seig-nor within the Levant Seas, to be imported in any Ship or Veffel	4

>elonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, his ieirs or Succeffors, navigated with Foreign Seamen, (hall from and titer the Firft Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and welve be repealed ; and fuch Goods and Commodities, from and repealed, liter the faid Firft Day of November One thoufand eight hundred md twelve, (hall not be imported into any Part of the United King-lom in any other than Briti/b-built Ships or Veffels, owned, navigated ind regiftered according to Law ; any thing contained in any Ad of Parliament to the contrary notvvithftanding.

11. Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful for His His Majesty Majesty by his Order in Council, and in Ireland for the Lord Lieu- ®*y by 9rdef tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council )f Ireland, from time to time, when and as often as the fame (hall be ™Goods from11 udged expedient, to permit, during the Continuance of Hoftilities Turkey, &c.in tod until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of any Ship nsvi-Peace, any Goods or Commodities heretofore ufually imported from Mte? W1*h Turkey or Egypt, or from any Place within the Dominions of the fore,gn s«*raen> Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, to be imported in any Ship or Veffel whatever navigated with Foreign Seamen, any Law now in force to the contrary not with (landing ; and all fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize, when fo imported, (hall be liable to all Duties of	1

Cuftoms and Excife, and (hall be fubjed to all Rules, Regulations and Conditions, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, to which they would have been liable and fubje& if they had been imported into Great Britain or Ireland, according to any Law or Laws in force at the time of the paffing of this Ad.

CAP. CXX.

An Aft to explain, amend and extend the Provifions of an Aft, paffed in the laft Seffion of Parliament, for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers to return to their Homes, to the Widows, Wives and Families of Soldiers dying or employed on Foreign Service.	[13th	July 1812.]

4 VT7HEREAS the Wives and Widows and Children of Soldiers 4 W on Foreign Service often return from Foreign Parts on ac-

*	count of the Death of their Hufbands, or from other Caufes, and,

*	upon being landed in the Country, are deftitute of any means of re-

*	turning to their refpedive Homes: And whereas it is expedient

4 that the Provifions of an Ad, paffed in the laft Seffion of Par- 510.3. c. 10*.

*	lament, intituled An A8 for enabling the Wives and Families of 4 Soldiers embarked for Foreign Service to return to their Homes, (houlcf 4 be extended for the Relief of Perfons fo circumftanced ; and that < the find Aft fhould be in other refpefts amended Be it therefore

enafted



604

Wive*, Sec. of Soldiers returning from Abroad, Certificates eiven by Commanding Officer, See. or landing without Certificate, by neared General Officer.

Certificates ihewn to Magil-trate, who lhall make out Route and give Certificate.

Ciaoi hi.	52’	GEO.	IQ.	A-Hita

enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Maje%, by and mb th»

Advice xnd Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Autarky of the fame, That when any Wives, Widows or Children of SoUien employed on Foreign Service (hall return to Great Brtiaia, the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Hot-band or Father of any fuch Woman or Child do or did be!oog,fciB give her a Certificate dating that the Perfon to whom fuch Certificate is given is or was the Wife of, and her Child or Children is or an the Child or Children of a Soldier in his Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, in like Form and Manner as the Certificates gives by Officers commanding Corps to the Wives and Families of Sulfas embarking for Foreign Service under the Diredion of the (aid noted Ad; and if any Women, the Wivts or Widows of Soldirn os Foreign Service, or their Children, (hall land at any Place in Gmt Britain without having fuch Certificates as are enaded by this Ad, it (hall be lawful for the General Officer commanding at the otzrri Place to that where they (hall fo land, and he is hereby mjnirtd, upon Application made to him, to give any fuch Woman applying for it fuch Certificate as aforefaid, which (hall entitle her to the Ah lowancc for hcrfelf and her Children (if any) granted by this Ad; 1 and every fuch Widow or Wife (hall, upon any Certificate granted under this A&> receive fuch Allowances for hcrfelf and Family a are allowed, granted and direded by the faid recited Ad, upon Certificates granted by Officers commanding Corps, in refped of Wfa and Families of Soldiers embarking for Foreign Service, in like maura as if fuch Allowances were fpecially granted by this Ad, and as if all the Rules and Regulations for the giving, regulating, paying ud accounting for and returning the fame, were fpecially and paitkuhrij re-enaded in this Ad.

II.	And be it further enaded, That every Widow or Wife of any Soldier to whom any fuch Certificate (hall have been delivered, as is direded by the faid recited Ad or this Ad, (hall forthwith take the ( fame to fame Juft ice of the Peace, or Magiftratr, who (hall make oat ; a Route aud fill up and fign a Certificate fpecifying the Placet® which fuch Widow or Wife and Family is going, fpecifying the Number of Children 5 and it (hall be lawful for fuch Jufticcoftke Peace or Magiftrate, in lieu and inftead of the Rate of Allowance direded by the faid recited Ad, to dired any fuch Allowance as k (hall deem nectflary, not exceeding Three Halfpence per Mile lor each fuch Woman, and One Penny per Mile for each of her Childrta; any thing in the faid recited Ad authorizing a Rate of Allowanced) the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. CXXI.

UVn Ad to authorize the Transfer, to the Eaft Indies, of Debts originally contra&ed there, on the Pan of the Eajl i*£i Company, payable in England	([13th	^uh

*	Wf HERE AS fjundry Bills of Exchange have been beirtofoi*

4 tV drawn upon the Court of Dwedors of the Hinted C<mp»y ! 4 of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indus, hr trail

*	Sums of Money payable in London* in Dafcbarge of Drhts q#*

4 W ite Part ftf the United Cosspapy »the M^LLth;

11



Google

D.i8!2;

j^GEO.in.

C* 121} 122.

625

md by Agreement! made in London between the faid Court of Di-

eftors and the Perfons entitled to the Money fecured by fuch Bills,

he Money fo fecured has been retransferred to the Eafi Indies, to

>e iovefted by way of Loan to the faid United Company, there to

>ear Intereft, after an Indian Rate ; and it may be convenient that

imilar Agreements for the Retransfer to the Eafi Indies of other

Sums of Money, payable or to be payable in London, fhould be made

tnd entered into, and that the Intereft which may be to be confi-

dered as due at the time of entering into fuch Agreements fhould

he advanced here; and it is expedient, that all Doubts as to the

Validity of fuch Agreements and Payments fhould be removed

: it therefore enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and

ith the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

id Commons, in thisfprefent Parliament aflembled, and by the

authority of the fame, That all fuch Agreements heretofore made or Agreement

rreafterto be made for the Retransfer from London to the Eafi made or to bt

1dies of Sums of Money, to be invefted by way of Loan to the faid ^nrferVrom

foiled Company in the Eafi Indies, there to bear Intereft after an L()n(loil to Eaft

ndtan Rate, and all Obligations and Securities entered into or to be indies of Sums

oteied into for . the Payment of any fuch Sums of Money or Intereft of Money valid.

hereof, fhall be valid and efieftual in Law, according to the true

nfcrot and Meaning thereof, and of the Parties to the lame ; and no

Won or Perfons fhall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for any

hiag done or to be done in confequence of any fuch Agreement;

ay Law, Ullage or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wife not-

rtthftanding.

C A P. CXXII.

\n Aft to remove Doubts as to an Aft pafled in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, relating to raifing Men for the Service of the Eafi India Company.

[13th July 1812.]

‘ ITT HE REAS an Aft pafled in the Fiftieth Year of the 50 G. 3. c.Sy. 1 W Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 to amend ‘ Two ASs relating to the roofing Men for the Service of the Eaft India 1 Comtany, and the quartering and huletting fuch Men ; and to Trials 1 by Regimental Courts Martial: And whereas Doubts have arifen

*	ss to whether the Provifionsof the faid Aft extend to Ireland ; and

*	k is expedient that fuch Doubts fhould be removedMay it therefore plcaie Your Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it declared and enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of

the fsaoe, That the faid Aft and all the Provifions thereof (hall, from Extended to tbe pafing thereof, extend and be deemed and conftrued to extend to Ireland, that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and all other the Dominions and Territories of His Majesty; any thing in auy Aft or A&i.tothe contrary notwithftanding.



CAp.

Google

C.I23*

Si* GEO. HI.

A.D.iSU'

ti6

Cap. cxxih.

An Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Aft palled in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majesty, to enable His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales to grant Leafes of certain Lands and Premifes called Prince's Meadows, in the Parifh of Lambeth, in trie County of Surrey, Parcel of His faid Royal Highnefs’s Duchy of Cornwall for the Purpofe of building thereon.	[13 th July 1812.]

4 YT7HEREAS His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Walet ii 4 VV feized in Right of his Duchy of Cornwall of certain Met-4 fuages, Ereftions, Buildings, Lauds, Grounds, Tenements and He-4 reditaments, fituate, lying and being in the Parilh of Lambeth) is

*	the County of Surrey, and called or known by the Name of Prime1: 4 Meadows : And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and pdfcd

<3j G.3. *. 78.	* in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majvftr, a-

*	tituled An Ad to enable His Royal Highnefs George Prune tf 4 Wales to make Leafes, Copies and Grants of Offices, Lands end 4 Hereditaments, Parcel of His faid Royal Highnefs's Duchy of Cora-4 wall, or annexed to the fame; and for the other Purpofes therm

§ 2,3. ' 4 mentioned; His faid Royal Highnefs is empowered to make Leaks 4 and Grants of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Parcel of 4 the PofTcffions of his faid Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the

*	fame, for Three Lives or fewer, or for Thirty one Years or aoder,

*	or for fome Term of Years determinable upon One, Two or Time 4 Lives, and not above, or for any Term of Years not exceeding

*	Ninety nine Years, for the Purpofe of improving the fame Premiks,

*	by ere&ing fubftantial Buildings thereon, or for the Purpofe of ia« ‘ proving Wade Lands by Cultivation or otherwife j and it is by the

*	laid Aft now in Recital provided, that upon all fuch laft mentioned

*	Leafes or Grants improved annual Ground Rents fhould be re-4 ferved, payable to His faid Royal Highnefs, or to fuch as fhoold 4 have the Inheritance or other Eftate of the faid Duchy; and that

*	in all fuch cafes of Leafes or Grants fo to be made for Tens*

*	exceeding Thirty one Years, or exceeding the ufua) Term deter-

*	minable upon Three Lives, no Fines or other Confideration fhould

*	be taken by His faid Royal Highnefs, further or other tkaa the

*	improved annual Ground Rents lo direfted to be referred as therein 4 ana hereinbefore is mentioned: And whereas by an Ad of Pit-

49 G. 3. c. cxci. * liament made and palled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of

*	His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad for building a Bridge ever 4 the River Thames, from the Precind of the Savoy, or near tberento, 4 in the County of Middlefex, to the oppojite Shore, and for making

*	convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith in the Cmtj 4 of Surrey, it was, amongft other things, enafted, that certain Per-

*	ions therein mentioned fhould be united into a Company, to be 4 called The Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge, and the ‘ it fhould and might he lawful to and for the faid Company, ad 4 their SuccefTors, and they were thereby authorized and etnpofoed

*	to defign, direft, order and build, or caufe to be built, asd U>

4 complete, maintain and keep with Stone a Bridge acrofs the had 4 River Thames, from fuch Part of the Precinft of the Savoy, or 9 near or adjoining thereunto, in the faid County of Middlefex,toik

4 oppose

L,ooQle

A. D. ilia.

5a0 GEO. HI.	0.123.

4 oppofite Shore in the Parifh of Saint Mary Lambeth in the faid 4 County of Surrey, as to the faid Company of Proprietors fhould 4 feem raoft advantageous and convenient, and alfo to fet out and 4 make a Road from the faid Bridge to a certain Road leading from 4 the Eafl End of Wejlminjler Bridge to the Stones End in Black-4 man Street in the Parifli of Saint George in the Borough of South-4 work, near a certain Place called The Qbelifk, in Saint George's Fields 4 in the faid Parifh of Saint George's Southwark in the faid County of 4 Surrey; and alfo to fet out and make another Road from the faid 4 Bridge to a certain other Place called Oakley Street in the faid Parifh * of Saint Mary Lambeth in the faid County of Surrey ; and alfo to 4 fet out and make another Road from a certain Street called Stam-4 ford Street, in the Parifh of Chrijl Church in the faid County of 1 Surrey, into the faid firft mentioned Road, and to continue the fame 4 acrofs the faid firft mentioned Road into a certain Road called The 4 Wefiminfier Road in the faid Parifh of Saint Mary Lambeth, in fuch 4 manner as they the laid Proprietors fhould deem proper and ex*

4 pcdient; and it was by the faid Aft now in Recital alfo enafted,

4 that the faid Company of Proprietors fhould and might, and they 1 were thereby authorized and empowered to purchafe a certain 4 triangular Slip or Piece of Land which (it was thereby Rated) f would intervene between the Bridge Road and the faid Eflate called 1 Prince's Meadows, and would prevent a general Communication be-1 tween the faid Bridge'Road and the laid Eflate called Prince's

4	Meadows, and to affign, transfer and fet over the fame, and every f Part thereof, unto His faid Royal Highnefs, his Heirs and Suc-1 ceffors, Dukes of Cornwall, thenceforth to be and remain Part and 1 Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, and that His faid Royal High-! nefs fhould and might, and he was thereby authorized and em-1 powered in Confideration of fuch Affignment and Transfer from ‘ the faid Company of Proprietors, and tneir SuccefTors, to affign,

5	transfer and fet over to the faid Company of Proprietors, and their ‘ SuccefTors, all fuch Land and Ground, Part of the faid Eflate : called Prince's Meadows aforefaid, as might be required for the

making and conftrufting of all or any of the faid Roads, and which fhould be mentioned and contained in the Schedule thereunto annexed ; and that fuch mutual Affignment and Transfer fhould fully and abfolutely veil the faid Lands £0 affign ed, transferred and fet 1 over, in the Parties to whom the fame fhould be refpeftively affigned, transferred and fet over by virtue thereof: And whereas by an Aft of Parliament made and pafTed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of : His (aid prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 to enable His Royal 5° Highnefs George Prince o/* Wales to grant Leafcs of certain Lands : and Premifes called Prince’s Meadows, in the Parifh of Lambeth,

1 in the County of Surety, Parcel of His faid Royal Highnffs' s Duchy of 1 Cornwall, for the Purbofe of building thereon, after reciting that the ; ere&ing of the faid Bridge to be called The Strand Bridge, and the making and conftrufting of the faid Roads, together with the laid ! Exchange of Land fo authorized as therein and hereinbefore is 4 mentioned, would tend greatly to the Improvement of the faid 4 Premifes called Prince's Meadows, in Connection with all the ad-4 juwiag Property, if Encouragement fhould be given for the Ereftion 4 of goodand fubftautial Dwelling Houfes and other Buildings, in jaGxo. III.	4 lieu

627

1.3. c.6.

/

i^ooQle

<528

C.I2}.

52® GEO. ra.



lieu of the then prefent Houfes, mod of which (as vns tar-dated) were conit ru&ed chiefly of Wood, arid were in iis»a State, then producing, with the Remainder of the (aid Pnsii, i grofs Rental to the. then Leffecs of about Three thouW tr* hundred Pound* only per Annum ; and alfo if Encouragerod a^ be given for the Conftru&ion of other refpe&able Buildiogiat?. Line of the faid Roads, and for making of other Roads or to1 to communicate with the faid firft mentioned Roads, all triad t was tlicreby dated) might be effected if His faid Royal Rifk* was empowered to grant Ltafes of the faid Premifes npea Terms as might be for the mutual Benefit of His faid Royal Hr> nefs and his SuccefTors; and alfo reciting, that the faid Prea» called Prince9* Meadows contained altogether by AdmeafaraaC Twenty eight Acres, Three Roods and Ten Perches of Im&i k thereabouts, and comprized within the Limits thereof a Rnr 1 Wharfs and Barge Houfes, altogether abutting upon the L* ( Thames, to the Extent of One thoufand two hundred and her* Feet, or thereabouts, behind which Wharfs and Barge H*a there was a narrow Road or Street called the Narrow WaHy a regular and winding Courfe whereof precluded feveial of tku Wharfs from occupying a fufficient Space in Depth from tb: I River, but which (it was thereby (fated) might be remeded, < the Public be more conveniently accommodated by the makicn , confirming of another Road or Street acrofs the faid Prd calk'd Prince's Meadows, in lieu of and fomewhat further rcn from the faid River than the faid Road or Street called iYr* Wall, in which Road or Street called Narrow Wall (it was ^ ftated) the then Buildings were for the mod Part coodnid-Wood, and othcrw'ife were of a very inferior Description, asci , of them in a very ruinous State, and that the Remainder of tad Premifes then confifted principally of Meadow orPaHurell and Garden Ground, a fmall Portion only of the faid Premiers *<* then covered with Buildings; and alfo further reciting, tlxl faid therein and hereinbefore recited Provifion againfl Use taka 1 Fines was not intended to deprive His faid Royal Highaeb oil accuftomed Benefit of Fines to be received in the ordinary Ca a ; granting Renewals, in like manner as fuch Fines might the* be ceivcd by His faid Royal Highnefe in refpedf to the (aid Prra called Prince's Meadows, by confining the future Leafcs or Gfl thereof to fuch Terms of Years, as with the exifting Tenni tia 1 would not exceed the Period of Thirty one Years, but which Pc*

!it was thereby {fated) was of a Duration too limited to i3 uflficient Encouragement for the erecting of any fubftanmi IJ 1 ings, whilft the continuing to grant the faid Premifes for 1 Terms of Years would not only have the Effect of excluding -I from the Improvement whereof they were from Situation fake;- -but might at the fame time occaliou the faid Premifes to reta Interruption to any general Plan for the Improvement * Neighbourhood ; and after alfo reciting, that it would Y vifeable, under the circumlfances therein and hereinbeforer to make any tlien immediate I>eafes or Grant* of the fad ftc called Prince91 Meadows, for fuch Term only as with At ^ lifting Term or Terms therein would fill up the fame to the

<1 *



A.D.i8i2>

629

$2° GEO. IIL	C.123.

‘ nary Period of Thirty one Years, more efpecially as the faid Premifea 4 could not be made to produce under a Leale or Leafes to be

*	granted for fuch limited Term of Years, a greater Income than the 1 Stun of Four thoufand two hundred Pounds yearly, clear of all

*	Outgoings, whilft (it was therein Hated) under a Leafe or Leafes

*	to be granted for extending the Term to Ninety nine Years abfolute, ' the Ground might be covered with refpedable Houles, and the

*	dear Income to be derived therefrom might be infcreafed to Five

*	thousand Pounds yearly j And alfo reciting that fbrafmuchas His 1 laid Royal Highnefs, by granting Building Leafes for fuch an ex* 4 tended Term of Years, would be deprived of the Benefit of fuch 4 Fine or Fines as might rightfully belong to His faid Royal High*

*	nefs, and could be readily obtained by making Reveriionary Grants 4 of the laid Premifes, for filling up the then prefent Terms therein 4 to Thirty one Years, it was therefore by the laid Ad now in Re-

*	cital enaded, that immediately from and after the palling thereof it 4 fhould and might be lawful for His faid Royal Higbuefs, and he 1 was thereby authorized and empowered to make Leafes and Grants,

4 or to contrad and agree for himfelf, his Heirs and SuccelTors, to

*	make Leafes and Grants of all or any Part or Parcel of the faid Pre-4 mifes, with the Appurtenants called Prince9s Meadows, to any Per-

*	fon or Perfons whomsoever, for fuch Term or Terms of Years as

*	with the Term or Terms then in being under any then exiilirrg 4 Leafe or Leafes fhould not altogether exceed the Term of Ninety 4 nine Years from theDate of any fuch Leafes or Grants, or from the 4 Date of any fuch Contrads or Agreements to be made as there-4 inbefore was mentioned, at and under fuch improved yearly Rent 4 or Reots, (in Addition to the yearly Rent or Rents then referved 4 asaforefaid) to commence and become payable to His faid Royal 4 Highnefs, his Heirs and SuccefTors, from and after the Expiration 4 of Thirty one Years from the Date of aijy fuch Leafes or Grants,

4 Contrads or Agreements refpectively, as fhould not in the whole 4 Amount of fuch Rent or Rents be lefs than the clear Sum of 4 Five thoufand Pounds yearly ; and that in all cafes of fuch extended

*	Leafes or Grants, Contrads or Agreements, fo to be made as there*

4 inbefore was mentioned, of all or any Part or Parcel of the faid 4 Premifes with the Appurtenants called Prince9s Meadows,it fhould 9 and might be lawful for His faid Royal Highnefs, and he was

*	thereby empowered to take and receive fuch Sum or Sums of

*	Money in the way of Fine or Fines, as might be a fair and reafon*

1 able Confideration for fucb Portion of the faid extended Term or 1 Terms of Years fo to be granted or contraded for as aforefaid, as 1 with the Term or Terms then in being would in the ordinary Courfie 1 of granting Renewals within the faid Duchy, have made up the 1 Term of Thirty one Years only from the Date of fuch Leafes or ' Grants, Contrads or Agreements : And whereas in purfuance of

the Power or Authority for that Purpofe, contained in the laflly hereinbefore recited Ad, His faid Royal Highnefs hath entered into aContrad for the granting of One Leafe or feveral Leafes of ‘ the laid Premifes called Prince9s Meadows, under feveral yearly 1 Rests, amounting altogether to the annual Sum of Seventy fix 1 pounds, until the Twelfth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred 1 and forty one, and thenceforth amounting to the annual Sum of ' Five thoufand and fevcoty fix Pounds, and for feveral Terms of

S f 2	*	Years



A.D. rfia.

630

GontrndSj&c. enteied into for Improvements varied, &c. and new Contrails, &e. entered into for effedt ing general Arrangement of building on Premifes.

Contra As nnd

Agreements

valid.

C.123.	520	GEO.	m.

*	Years in the faid Contrad mentioned, of the Parcel* fffpcetmJyv ‘ being Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety nine Years: And

*	whereas it is expedient, in order to the more effe&ual and penn*-

*	nent Improvement of the faid Premifes, and for the Purpsk of

*	better effectuating the general Plan of building thereon, that atti-4 tional and more enlarged Powers fhonkl be given to His find Royi 4 Highnefs, his Heirs and Succefiors for the time being, Dukes of 4 Cornwall ;* Be it therefore enaded by the King's Molt Excels* Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spirited and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affcrableik and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be hvfoi to and for His (aid Royal Highnefs, his Heirs and Succefiors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall, (fubjedand without Prejudice to any exifting Contrad or Agreement as far as the fame (hall then be in force, and as far as the fame (hall not be waived or abandoned} from time to time and at all times after the parting of this Ad, and be and they is and are hereby empowered to alter and vary all or soy Part of any Con trad or Agreement already entered into by His hid Royal Highnefs as hereinbefore is mentioned, or, if Occafioo fitaB require, absolutely to annul any fuch Contrad or Agreement,!*! t& enter into any new Contrad or Contracts, Agreement or Agreements, and again from time to time to vary or annul luch new or renewed Con-trad or Contrads, Agreement or Agreements, and thereupon bos time to time to enter into any further or other Contract or Contrad*, Agreement or Agreements, for the Purpofe of better effeduatiog tk general Arrangement of building on the faid Premifes, and aho from time to time to make new Allotments of the Hereditaments fo rr-fpedively covenanted to be demifed, and new Apportionments of the Rent or Rents thereby refpedively intended to be referved; but fo that no fuch new Contrad or renewed Contrad, Alteration or Variation, (hall diminifli the total Amount of the Rent or Rent*by fuch original Contrad or Agreement intended to be referred, or extend the Term or Number of Years thereby originally covenanted te be granted, and fo that if previoully to any fuch Alteration, Varistioa or Annulment as aforefaid, any adual Demife or Leafe fbould hart been made of any Part or Parts of the (aid Premifes called Pmce’i Meadows, no fuch Alteration or Variation or Avoidance (hall ia any manner affed the Allotment of the Premifes included in any fuch adual Demife or Leafe, or the Apportionment o£ Rent thereby adually referved.

II. And it is hereby enaded and declared, That fueh Contrad ct Contrads, Agreement or Agreements, fo altered, varied or reaewed as hereinbefore is mentioned, mall to all Intents, Effcds, Cooftrecbcr* and Plirpofes, be as good, binding, valid and effedoal at Law indie Equity as if foch altered, varied or renewed Contrad or Contrary Agreement or Agreements, had been originally entered into by H:> faid Royal Highnefs under and by virtue of the {aid recited Adt parted in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majetfr, rd the Power therein for that Purpofe contained ; and that n ftaJl or may be lawful to and for His faid Royal Highnefs, or his Heirs or Succefiors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall, to accept a Surrender of any Leafe or Leafes granted or to be granted by nttue of the faid recited Ad of Parliament parted in the Fiftieth Year of tk Reign of His prefent Majesty* or of this Ad, add alio in beu offset

Lo£



A.D. i8io.

631

52°geo. ni.

c.123.

Leafe or Leafes, or on the Forfeiture of any fuch Leafe or Leafes, to make any other Leafe or Leafes, or Contract or Contrads for a Leafe or Leafes which might have been granted or made under or •by virtue of the faid recited Ad of Parliament pa fled in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, or of this Ad, fo as no fuch new or other Leafe or Leafes, or Con trad or Con t rads for Leafe or Leafes, (hall be for any further Period than the Refidue of £he Term; granted, or agreed to be granted by fuch former J^eafe or Leafes, as fhall be fo furrendered or forfeited, and fo as a Rent, •or Several apportioned Rents, not lefs than the Rents to be referred by fuch former Leafe or Leafes, (hall be referred, and fo as no Fine or Premium fhall be for any new Leafe or Leafes to be fo granted.

III.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for His faid Royal Highnefs, his Heirs and SuccefTors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall, and he aud they is and are heveby empowered, by One or more Indenture or Indentures, to demife and leafe the faid Premifes called Prince's Meadows, either in One Leafe or by feveral Leafes, and either unto the Perfon or Perfons who hath or have already contraded to take the fame as hereinbefore is mentioned, or unto fuch other Perfon or Perfons as fuch intended LefTee or Leflees, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftratots or Afligns, fhall for that Purpofe from time to time nominate and appoint, for and during all or any Part of the Remainder of the Terms fpecified in fuch original Contrad or Agreement in fuch Allotments, and under and fubjed to fuch Apportionments of the faid Two feveral annual Sums of Seventy fix Pounds, and Five thoufimd and feventy fix Pounds, as fhall for that Purpofe, by fqme Writing under the Hand or Hands of fuch intended LefTee or LefTees, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators or Afligns, be from time to time fpecified and required.

IV* And it is hereby further enaded and declared. That every fuch LefTee or LefTees of the faid Premifes called Prince's Meadows, or any Part thereof, to whom any Demife or Grant fhall be made in fuch manner as hereinbefore is mentioned, fhall be to all Effeds, Intents, Conftrudions and Purpofe*, as original LefTee or LefTees of the Premifes fo to him or them refpedively demifed or leafed ; nor fhall fuch LefTee or LefTees, or his or their Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, or the Premifes to be comprised in any fuch refpedive Demife or Leafe, be charged with or fubjed or liable to the Payment of any greater Portion or Share of the (aid Two feveral annual Sums of Seventy fix Pounds and Five thoufand and feventy fix Pounds, than fhall for that Purpofe be expreffedand fpecified in any fuch Demife or Leafe; nor mail the Covenants, Conditions and Agreements to be inferted in any Leafe affed the Parcels to be comprized in or demifed by any other Leafe or Leafes; nor fhall the Rent to be referved by any Leafe be lefs than Forty Shillings a Year, but any Departure from thefe Reftridions in any One or more of the faid Leafes fhall affed the Validity of the Leafe or Leafes only in which the Powers hereby given fhall not be duly obferved, and fhall not affed the Validity of any other Leafe or Leafes, or Contrad or Contrads, to be made or granted under or by virtue of and purfuant to the Power of leafing contained in this Ad and in the (aid recited Ad patted in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, andia each or either of themj nor fhall any fuch Leffee or .LefTees

S f 3	whofc

CjOOQlC

Leafe* granted of Prince’s Meadows.

Conditions of Leafes.

C.123.

5 2* GEO. III.

A.D. i8f*.

Leafes and Contracts inroUed.

Any Part of Premifes fct ajwrt for Roads, Ac.

Sewers and Drains m^dr.

whofe Leafe or Leafes fhall be made in Conformity wkb the faid Powers, be obliged to enquire whether the full Amount of die Original Rent or Rents hath been referved or contra&ed and agreed to be referved 5 nor (hall the Leafe or Leafes to fcch Leffee or Le& fees be affe&ed by any Omiffion to referve or make up the full Anxwnt of the faid Rent of Seventy fix Pounds, or Five thoufand and fereoty fix Pounds, as the cafe (hall require, from other Leffees.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Leafe hereafter to be granted as hereinbefore is mentioned, and every fuch altered, varied or renewed Contract Jas aforefaid, (hall be inroUed in the Office of the Auditor for the time being, of the faid Duchy of Cornwall; and until fuch Enrolment as aforefaid, the Leafe or Contract fo to be granted or altered, varied or renewed as aforefaid, (hall not be allowed as Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (kail and may bebwfbl to and for His faid Royal Highnefs, his Heirs and Succcfforc for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall, and be and they is and are hereby refpe&ively authorized and empowered from time to time, with the Advice of His and their Council or Commiifiooers of Re* venue for the time being, at the Requeft or with the Confent of the Leffee or Leffees, or intended Leffee or Leffees of the fame Premife* refpe&ivelv, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigrn* who may be interefted in the Land or Ground to be fo appropriated or fet apart, to caufe to be appropriated and fct apart any Part of the faid Premifes called Prince's Meadows, as and for a Road or Roads, Way or Ways, Street or Streets, Square or Squares, Paffage or Paffages, or other open Place or open Places, for the Improvement of the faid Premifes called Prituds Meadows, or any Part thereof, and to caufe the fame to be (hut up, altered, or others made, as he or they (hall deem expedient, but fo as no Road or Way (haQ be (topped up until another Road or Way equally convenient to the Public, as far as the Public (hall have juft Right of Road or Way, (hall be formed and appropriated for the public Ufe, and fo as the Right of Soil of and in the faid Roads, Ways, Streets, Squares, Pif. fages and other open Places, may for ever be and remain, and form Part of the Inheritance and Eftatc of the faid Duchy of Cornwall; fubje& neverthelefs to the Leafe or Leafes which (hall or may hare been granted thereof, and to the Eafements, Rights and Privileges, which (hall or may have been granted to the Leffee or Leffees re* fpe&ively, and to his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators or

Affign8.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawfolto and for His faid Royal Highnefs, his Heirs and Succeffors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall, and he and they is and are hereby refpe&ively authorized and empowered with fuch Advice and Confect, or at fuch Requeft as hereinbefore is mentioned, from time to time to caufe fuch and fo many Sewers, Drains and Vaults, as he or they, may think fufficient and neceffary to be dug and made in, under, ahag or acrofs any of the faid Roads, Ways, Streets, Squares, Pif&grs and other open Places hereby authorized to be made and fet spirt u aforefaid $ and alfo to caufe any of the Sewers, public Drum ®d Vaults, which now are or hereafter (hall be in, under and along ot acrofs the faid Premifes, to be enlarged, raifed, altered, removed and repaired in fuch manner as he or they rcfpe&ivcly (hall from tine



A.D.i3i2.

520 GEO. in.	C.	123.	63	i

to time fee fit, fo at no fuch Sewer, Drain or Vault (ha!! be altered or removed without firft making another ^Sevrer, Drain or Vault equally convenient to the Public ; and for any of the (aid Purpofea (hall and may from time to time caufe to be dug, carted and carried out of or brought into any fuch Road, Way, Street, Square, Paflage or other open Place, fuch Gravel, Stones, Bricks and other Materials, as he or they (hall judge neceflary; and alfo (hall and may caufe fuch and fo many Grates, Sluices and Openings to be made on any fuch Road, Way, Street, Square, Paflage or other open Place, for the conveying and carrying off the Filth, foul and other Waters from the Houfes built near or adjoining to fuch Sewers, Sluices and public Drains,as he or they (hall or may thiuk neceflary or expedient for that Purpofe, and the fame or any of them to be enlarged, altered, removed and repaired, as he or they (hall from time to time think fit; and alfo to give and grant any Privilege or EafemenU to the I^effee or Leffees, Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Part of the fame Premifes refpe&ively, in regard to fuch Sewers, Draiiu,

Streets, Squares and Paffages, as may be for the better Accommodation of fuch Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively, and his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, and other Perlons reforting to or frequenting the demifed Premifes.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That nothing herein Powers retted m contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to pre- Coromiffiooers of judice, alter or take away any of the Rights, Powers or Authorities	.

veiled in the Commiflioners of Sewers, but all the Rights, Powers and Authorities veiled in them (hall be as good, valid and effectual as if this A& had not been made.

IX* And be it further ena6ted. That it fhall and may be lawful to Docks,&c. made and for His faid Royal Highnefs, his Heirs and Succeffors for the 00 Premifes time being, Dukes of Cornwall* w ith fuch Advice and Confent, or at fuch Rcqueft as hereinbefore is mentioned, to embank, or caufe eu to be embanked, any Part of the faid Premifes called Princefs Meadows, immediately abutting on the River Thame/, and to cut, dig and make, or caufe to be cut, dug or made, proper and commodious Docks, Baiins, Locks and Sluices, for the Purpofe of Trade and Traffic.

X.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That nothing Right* of Cfcy herein contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, of London nor to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Interefts, Privileges, affeftedj&c* Franchifes or Authorities of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, or their Succeffors, or the Lord Mayor of the fiaid City for the time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter or dir minifh any Power, Authority or Jurifdi&ion, which at the time of making this A61 the faid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the (aid Lord Mayor for the time being as Confervator of the River Thames, did or might lawfully claim, u(e or exercife, nor to authorize or empower any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, their Workmen or Servants, or any of them* to embank, encroach upon or interfere with any Part of the Soil or Bed of the River Thames, or the Banks or Shores thereof, without the Licence and Confent of the‘Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council affembled, firft had and obtained in Writing for that Purpofe; any thing herein oontained to the contrary thereof in any wife flotwithftanding j uor (hall any tiling contained in tbi? A ft, or in the

S( f 4	(aid



<534

AJ).i8il

C.123.	52°GBO.IH.

Taid recited Aft, pafled in the Fiftieth Year of the Reiga of Hk prefent Majesty, extend or be deemed, taken or conflrued tottteod, to prejudice, alter, affeft or interfere with the Power* and Autarkies, Immunities or Privileges of the faid Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge, or any of them, or all or any of the Powers aod Provifions contained in the faid recited Aft of the Forty ninth Ynr of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, or whh the Roads, Works, Matters and Things thereby authorized to be made and executed. While Dukedom XI. And be it further enafted, That while the Dukedom of Cm Abeyance or	Hi all from time to time be in Abeyance or Sufpenfe, and atfo

Duke a Minor, from time to time when there (hall be a Duke of Cornwall, hat lie &c. Powers of (hall be under the Age of T wenty one Years, and no Council or Com* Atf exercifed miffioners of Revenue (hall have been appointed to him, then all or any t>y t e King, &c. 0f the powcrs an(j Authorities contained in this Ati^ or in the find recited Aft paffed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of Hisprefcst Majesty, (hall be exercifeable and (hall or may be exercifed bytke King or Queen for the time being of thefe Realms, to whom the Inheritance of the faid Lands and &rounds (hall for the time being belong ; and further, that from time to time, while the Duke of Cm• wall for the time being (hall be under the Age of Twenty one Years, but (hall have a Council or Commiflioners of Revenue appointed to him, all or any of the fame Powers and Authorities (hall be exercife. able, and (hall or may be exercifed by the Duke of Cornwall for the time being, with the Advice of his Council or Commiftionm of Revenue for the time being, and notwithftanding his being under the Age of Twenty one Years 5 but all Rents to be referred by any Leafes or Grants to be made by the King or Queen for the tee being, or by the Duke of Cornwall for the time being, (hall from time to time be incident to and go along with the Reverfion or Remainder of the Lands and other Hereditaments comprized m foch Leafes or Grants, as the fame Reverfion or Remainder (hall be immediately expeftant on the Term or Terms granted by tbe (ame Leafes refpeftively, whether fuch Reverfion or Remainder (kafi be* long to the Duke of Cornwall for the time being, or to the King or Queen’s Majesty for the time being, general Saving. XII. Saving always to all and every Perfons and Perfon, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his and their Heirs, SuccefTors, Executors and Adminillrators (other than and except His (aid Majesty, his Heirs and Succefiors, and alfo other than and except to His fold Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and to all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall hereafter have, inherit and enjoy the faid Duchy of Cornwall, by force of any Aft of Parfament or other Limitation whatfoever), all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, In-tereft, Benefit, Property, Claim and Demand whatfoever, of, in, to, out of or upon the laid Hereditaments called Princess Meadows, aad the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, as he, (he and they, aid every or any of them, had before the palling of this Aft, or woc^ could or might have had in cafe this Aft had not been made.

tjOOQle

CAP.

lit*.

$a° GCO. III.

C.124.

63S

CAP. CXXIV. ft for veiling in His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, ain Lands or Grounds, formerly Part of the Waftes of Manor of Sandhurjl, in the County of Berks, freed and barged of Commonable and other Rights.

[13th July 1812.]

fHEREAS the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine, was gracioufly ed to eftabbfh a Royal Military College ; and by His Warrant r His Royal Sign Manual, bearing Date the Twenty feventh of May One thoufand eight hundred and eight. His Majesty rractoufly pleafed to direct that the faid Military College fhoula nder the Controul and Superintendence of certain Perfons in named, to be Commiffioners of the faid Royal Military Coland to compofe and form from time to time a Board for the roul, Direction and Management of all Affairs belonging to ; and that a Collegiate Board (hould be formed, as therein ioned and dire&ed, for the Purpofe of taking under its Cog-ice all Matters relating to the interior Regulations and CEco-f of the faid Department, and which (hould confift of the prnor of the faid College and the feveral other Perfons therein d 5 and His Majesty was alfo moft gracioufly pleafed, by His Warrant, to dire& that the Lands and Property belonging to aid Royal Military College (hould be under the Care of the ernor and Collegiate Board, fubjeft to the Dire6tions of the ■d of Commiffioners : And whereas the King’s Moft Excellent ifty is, under and by virtue of an ancient Grant from the for-Lordsof the Manor of Sandhurjl in the County of Berks, bear-Date the Twenty fixth Day of May which was in the Year thoufand fix hundred and forty feven, and made or expreffed ie made between John Geale the younger, of Oveinberinge in County of Southampton, Gentleman, and John Geale the elder, udburfl in the County of Berks, Gentleman, Father *of the John Geale, of the One Part, and Richard Lodge the younger, of Wtnkjield in the faid County of Berks, Gentleman, and not Dymarjhy then of Sandhurjl aforefaid, Yeoman, of the other , feized to himfelf, his Heirs and Succeflors, of the Soil of ) Pieces of Land or Ground Parcel of the Wafte or Common be faid Manor of Sandhurjl, and lying within the faid Manor Parifli of Sandhurjl, therein and hereinafter particularly de-xd, fubjeft to the yearly Rent of Ten Shillings, payable to Lord of the Manor of Sandhurjl aforefaid, in the Nature of a it Rent, and doing Suit to the (Court Baron of the Lord of the I Maoor, and upon Default thereof to forfeit for every time the a of Two Shillings and Six pence; and alfo fubje& to the Sum Ten Shillings, payable to the faid Lord of the Manor of Sand-upon every Alienation and dying feized of the Inheritance of laid Pmmifes, in the Name and Nature of a Relief; and fub-alfo to Powers of Entry and DHlrefs for Recovery of the \ Quit Rent, Fine and Relief, when and in cafe the fame or taof them (hall be in Arrear, as in the faid Indenture arc re-■rcd and expreffed : And whereas Richard Hea^iftde Efquire is

• Lord 

AJX 18a

C.124.	52®	GEO-	in.

4 Lord of the faid Manor of Sandhurjl, and in Right thereof is 4 entitled to the faid Qyit Rent, Suit and Relief, fo referred by the 4 faid Indenture in refpe& of the faid Pieces or Parcels of Land «r 4 Ground hereinafter mentioned and deferibed : And whereas the 4 King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, and John Mofeley Efquire, ITuHaa 4 Blachall Simonds, Charles Simonds, William Simonds, WilTum GHa, 4 John Rackjlraw, and feveral other Perfons, are Owners and Pro-

Ers of all the Lands lying and being within the faid Manorad of Sandhurjl, and claim to be entitled to Commonable Rights 4 on and over the faid Two Pieces of Land or Ground : And where* 4 by an Order .under the Hands and Seals of Sir Nathaniel Dtiet-4 Jield Baronet, and Major General John Levefon Gower, Two of His 4 Majesty’s Juft ices of the Peace for the County of Serb, »d 4 John 1'ekell and Richard Birt Efquire, Two of His Majeflty’s Jnf-4 tices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, made at a {pedal 4 Seflions held on the Eleventh Day of November One thonhnd 4 eight hundred and eleven, after reciting that having upon Vint 4 found that a certain Part of a Highway lying Part in the {aid 4 Parilh of Sandhurjl in the Hundred of Suning in the faid Coonty 4 of Berks, and Part in the Parifh or Hamlet of Frimlcy io * Hundred of IVoking in the County of Surrey, and lying betwea 4 the South Eaft End of the Village of Sandhurjl, near to a Fans « Houfe the Property of the faid William Blackall Simonds ECquirr, 4 and the High Turnpike Road between Bagjbot and Blackwater, for * the Length of One thoufand live hundred and ninety five Yards 4 or thereabouts, and particularly deferibed in the Plan thereunto 4 annexed, might be diverted and turned fo as to make the fame more 4 commodious to the Public ; and that having viewed a Courfe pro-4 pofed for the new Highway in lieu thereof over the open Lands and 4 Grounds of the faid Richard Ileavijide Efquire, Lord of the Manor 4 of Sandhurjl aforefaid, and of the faid Governor and CoUeviate 4 Board of tne Royal Military College of Sandhurjl aforefaid, of the 4 Length of One thoufand two hundred and eighty feven Yards or 4 thereabouts, and of the Breadth of Thirty Feet or thereabouts, 4 particularly deferibed in the Plan thereunto annexed; and that 4 having received Evidence of the Confent of the faid Richard Hu-4 vijidc, and of the faid Governor and Collegiate Board, to the faid 4 new Highway being made through their refpective Lands therein-4 before deferibed, by Writing under the Hand and Seal of the faid 4 Richard Heavifide, and under the Hand and Seal of the honourable 4 Alexander Hope the Governor of the faid College, they the fa;J 4 Juflices did thereby order that the faid Highway Ihouhl be diverted 4 and turned through and over the Lands aforefaid : Aud wherea 4 the Commiflioncrs of His Majesty's faid Royal Military College 4 have ereAcd and built the faid College on Part of the faid Pieces or 4 Parcels of Land or Ground hereinbefore mentioned and hereinafter 4 deferibed, and are defirous of converting the Remainder thereof ft> 4 the Ufes and Purpofes of the faid Inflitution exclufively: And f whereas the Corami limners of His Majesty’s faid Royal Mirny 4 College have, in Behalf of His Majesty, agreed with the faid John 4 Mofeley, William Blackall Simonds, Charles Simonds, UiSiem Si-4 monds, and the feveral other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and 4 Hereditaments within the faid Manor and FarHh of Sandhurjl, for f the Purchafe of all their Commonable and other Rights and fo-

4 tcrrfU

v^.ooQle

D. iSi2.

52* GEO. III.	C.124.	*37

erefts in, upon and over the faid Two Pieces of Land or Ground:

\nd whereas the faid Commiffioners have alfo agreed with the faid Richard Heavifide, as Lord of the faid Manor of Sandhurjl, for the ^urchafe of the faid Quit Kent, Suit and Relief, and all fuch >ther Rights and Immunities as he the faid Richard Heavifide lath as Inch Lord, in, out of, upon or in refpeft of the faid Two Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground : And whereas the Inclofure ?f the faid Two Pieces of Land or Ground, freed and difcharged rom all Commonable and other Rights, will not only be very beneficial for the Purpofes of the faid Royal Military College, but alfo great public UtilityYet forafmuch as the fame cannot be equally done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it a&ed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-:c and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Comics, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of ? fame. That all that Piece or Parcel of Wafle or Common Parcel Lands in 8m4-the Manor of Sandhurjl called Barres Green, containing by Efti- hitrft vefted in ition Ten Acres, be the fame more or lefs, lying near to a capital His Majesty, dtf. elinage of His Majesty, called Ttchine, otherwife Twitcbenor, within ComreomSls e faid Manor, and all the Pond within the fame Parcel of Wafte or Right*

>mmon, and all the Fifhings in the fame Pond; and alfo all that ece of Wafte or Common, containing by Eftimation Two hundred cres (be the fame more or lefsl, Parcel of the Wafte or Common the Manor of Sandhurjl aforelaid, next adjoining to the faid Green lied Barrej Green, and alfo to Inhams and Butts, and Calves Leafe ofes, and againft the Pond formerly made by William Chijlett in ijbmore Stream, and to be accounted and taken from the faid Wifb-\re Stream, which is the Bound that parts the Parifhes or Hamlets Frimley and Sandhurjl, along by the faid Bound Eaftward, and m the North Comer of Barres Green upright North Eaft, and fo counted and bounded with Marks and Bounds from the other Part the Wafte Ground belonging to the faid Manor, and as the fame e now inclofed, fet out and known, and by whatfoever other Names, uantities. Abuttals, Boundaries or other Defcriptions, the faid Two eces or Parcels of Land or Ground are now or at any time or times retofore have been called, known or dittinguiflied, (hall be and the me are hereby vefted in His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffora for er, freed, acquitted and abfolutely exonerated and difcharged, of d from all and all Manner of Commonable Rights and other Rights hatfoever* as well of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Te-:raents within the faid Manor and Parifti oI Sandhurjl, as alfo for ever ted, acquitted and abfolutely exonerated and difcharged of and om all Quit Rents, Suit, Service, Fines, Reliefs and all other light*, Royalties, Immunities and Privileges whatfoever, of the /ord or Lords, or Owner or Owners of the laid Manor of Sandhurjl >r the time being.

II. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That His Majesty, NoCornmcnibW is Heirs and Succelfors, (hall not be entitled to, or have or claim Rights over ny Commonable Rights in or over any Part or Parts of the Refidue Refiduc* f the Waftes of the faid Manor of Sandhurjl, for or in refpe& of >r a* appurtenant to the faid Two Pieces of Land or Ground by hit Aft yetted in His Majesty as aforefaid.

III. Provided



Google

<38

C. 124.

A-D.ilu.

5 2= GEO.IIL

Commonable Rights in refpe& of old incloied l.ands not ftffe&ed.

Ar^Bcstton of Ctanpesfation Mooey wl*n OrroOBtiag tO

auat

III.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That nothing in this A& contained Audi deftroy or in any wife abridge or kfien the Right of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffort, to all or any fuch Commonable and other Rights as His Majesty h sow titled to, in, over and upon the Reft of the Commons or Wain of the faid Manor of Sandburjl, for or in refped of the old inclofed Laock called Lodge’s Farm, or any other old inclofed Lands of His Majeftr, within the faid Manor and Pari(h, but that His Majesty, his Herrs and Succeflors, and the Owner and Owners for the time being of tk faid old inclofed Lands, (hall have and be entitled to aH fuch Con monable and other Rights in, upon and over all the Refedoe of the Waftes of the faid Manor of Sandburjl, for and in refpe& of fuch aid inclofed Lands, in as large and ample manner to all Intents and Pur* pofes as any of the Tenants of the fame Manor have or ufethm; any thing in this A& contained to the contrary thereof in asy wife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Principal Money to wk from the Sale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall be purchafed for the Purpofes of this A&, of any Body Corporate, Eccle&aftical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, FeoSn in Trull, Guardians, Committees or other Truftees, or from any Fe* or Femes Covert, or other incapacitated Perfon or Perfons, feci Money (hall, in cafe the fame amount to or exceed the Stun of T« hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank d England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accounttot (few* •ral of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Aocowt there ex parte the Governor of the laid College, to the Intent tha fuch Money (hall be applied, under the Dire&ion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upoei Petition to be preferred in a fummary way by the Perfon or Perfoes who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the W Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Lad I Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts or fuch otte Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the (aid Court (hall authorize to te paid, affe&ing the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or uffe&mg other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (landing fcttid -therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents and Purpofes;* where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be bA out and in veiled, under the like Dirc&ion and Approbation oflhe fell Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Heredkxm&.t, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame maimer a the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which fhallbefopurckH taken or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (halite exiiliug undetermined or capable of taking lifted; and in die awe time, and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money (k6 by Order of the faid Court of Orancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Pur-chafe of Three Pounds per Centum »Con(olidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities 5 and in the meat time, ate until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court w be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and animal Protef of the faid Confoiidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall frotnt^

u

v^ooQle

i.D»i8i&

520 GEO. III.	G*	124,	639

) time be paid, by Order of the laid Court, to the Per Ton or Per* ns who would for the time being hare been entitled to the Renta id Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo hereby reded to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement was tade.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Money When lefc \hm > agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Here* aool. itameots, purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofcs aforefaid, and ekmgiog to any Inch Corporation, or to any Pcrfon or Perfons under )&bidty or Incapacity as aforefaid, (haU be lets than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Venty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame (hall, at the )ption of the Pcrfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to the lents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo itircbafed, taken or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guar* fans, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to ic Ggnified in Writing under their refpe&iVe Hands, be paid into he Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant general of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Ac-rouot as aforefaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore iireded ; or otherwife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to IVoTrultees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making uch Option, and approved of by the Governor of the faid College,

|fuch Nomination and Approbation to be (ignified in Writing under :he Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividend arifmg thereon may be applied in manner hereinbefore dire&ed, fo far as the cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VL Provided alfb, and be it further cnaded, That where fuch When lrfs thin Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned *ol.

(hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the lame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would For the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the lands. Tenements or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed as aforefaid, in fuch manner as the faid Governor of the faid College (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpe&ively. ’

‘ VII. And whereas the faid Road fo intended to be diverted and ‘ flopped up runs through and difle&sthe faid Two Pieces or Parcels

*	of Land or Ground, and lo near to'the faid Royal Military College 4 as to be a great Inconvenience to the fame, and it is therefore ex-

*	pedient that the aforefaid Order of the faid Jnftices for diverting

*	and turning the fame (hould be immediately carried into Execution,

1 and the Soil of the faid old Road be veiled in His Majelly, his

1 Heirs and Succeffors;* Be it therefore further ena&ed, That the When new (aid Order of the Juftices aforefaid fhall forthwith be carried into Road certified in Execution, and when and fo foon as the faid Jnllices or any other g**1 «epair:old Juftices of the Peace have certified, that the new Road propofed to be anj3 s0it fubftituted and ufed in lieu thereof fhall have been made and put into m Hi* Majeftv. good Repair, the faid old Road be from thenceforth for ever Hopped up and no longer ufed as a Road, and the Soil of fo much thereof as runs through the £aid Two Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, or

9	any



640	C. 124,125,126.	52°GEO.	III.	AD.iba

any other of the Lands of Hit faid Majesty, be and the Hunt is hereby vetted in His Majesty, his Heirs and Succefibrv By whom the VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That Hii new Road (hall Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, in refpeft of the (aid Far* called be kept in	Lodge's Farm, or the Owner or Owners thereof for the tine being.

Repair.	(hall for ever thereafter, at his and their own Cofts and Chirp,

amend and repair the faid new Road to the Extent of One thraiad two hundred and eighty feven Yards, to be computed from the Tan* pike Gate acrofs the South End of the faid new Road, according to and as mentioned in the faid Order of the faid Juttices, together wik any Bridge or Bridges that may hereafter be erefted on or acroh tie fuel new Road.

CAP. CXXV.

An Aft for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raifed by Lotteries.	[13th	July	1812.]

43 G. 3. c. ai.

43 C-3- c.aj.

46G.3.C.64.

47 0.3. Ssffi.

<.30.

47 G. 3. Se£ %• c 14.

48 G. 3. c. 41.

30 G. 3. c. 76.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Aft to repeal the feveral Afts for the Colleftion ard Management of the Stamp Duties in Inland, and to nub more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the faid Duties.	[18th	July	1812.]

4 TTyTHEREAS an Aft was patted in the Forty third Year of 4 V? His Majesty *s Reign, intituled An AS for grant** to Ha 4 Majejly feveral Duties therein mentioned to be levied by the Commf 4 Jioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland ; And wbereai

*	another Aft was patted in the faid Forty third Year of His Mujpbfi 4 Reign, intituled An AS for granting to His Majejly certain Dries

*	upon Certificates with refpeS to the killing of Game in Ireland : And 4 whereas another Aft wa^^jafled in the Forty fixth Year of Hi 4 Majesty’& Reign, intituled An AS to repeal the feveral Duties upm 4 Jlamped Parchment, Vdium and Paper in Ireland, and to grout net 4 and additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws rdatn* 4 to the Stamp Duties in Ireland: And whereas another Ad vas 4 patted in the Forty feventh Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled 4 An AS to repeal the feveral Duties under the Care of the Commifisam 4 for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new andadds* 4 tional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating H the 4 Stamp Duties in Ireland : And whereas another Aft wu patted n 4 the laid Forty feventh Year of His faid Majesty *s Reign, intituled 4 An AS to repeal certain Duties of Excifcy and alfo certain Stonp 4 Duties in Ireland, and to grant certain new Stamp Duties is ba 4 thereof and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ire* 4 land: And whereas another Aft was patted in the Forty eighth 4 Year of His faid Majesty’s Reign, intituled An AS to repeater•

4 tain Duties of Excife in Ireland, and to grant certain Stamp Drier 4 in lieu thereof; and alfo certain other Stamp Duties ; and tt sound 4 the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland: Andvberea*

4 another Aft was patted in the Fiftieth Year of His faid Mijefty’i ‘ Reign, intituled An Ad to repeal certain Duties under iht Cart tf 4 the Commijfioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland; undtt 4 grant new and additional Duties^ and to amend the Laws rcUbuyti



Google

the Stamp Doties in Ireland : And whereas it is expedient that, as far as the fame is pra&icable, Regulations (hould be eftablifhed for the Colle&kra of all Duties which (hall be from time to time for ever hereafter under the Management of the Commiflioners of Stamp Duties:’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it may be na&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, >y and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and >y the Authority of the feme, That, from and after the Commence-nent of this A&, the (aid feveral Ads (hall be, and the fame are lereby repealed; fave and except fo far as the (aid Ads or any of hem repeal any former Ad or Ads of Parliament, or any Claufe, (latter or Thing herein contained; and fave as to any Proceeding ommenced or to be commenced in any Court Civil or Criminal, or >therwi(e, againfi any Perfon or Perfons for any Fine, Penalty or forfeiture, for or in refped of any Offence committed or to be com-nitted againfi the faid Ads or any of Aem, previous to the Com* oencement of this Ad ; aud fave that all Licences and Certificates panted under the faid Ads refpedively, before the Commencement >f this Ad, (ball have Continuance, Force, Virtue and EfFed, accord* ng to the Terms and Nature thereof refpedively, as if this Ad had »ot paded, except where it is herein otnerwife provided; and fave oy Provifion iu any of the faid recited Ads, making any Ad, Matter r Thing which may have been doue contrary to the Provifions of ny former Ad of Parliament valid or effedual, or for indemnifying be Perfon or Perfons concerned therein, or any of them ; and fave ad except as hereinafter is fpecially provided.

II. And be it further enaded. That His Majesty, or the Lord lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the ime being, (hall have power from time to time and at all times, to ppoint Commiflioners for the flamping and marking of Vellum, brehment and Paper, and managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland; nd that the faid Commiflioners fhall be called “ The CommiJJionert of r Stamp Duties iu Ireland/’ and that the faid Commiflioners or any Three of them, with the Confent and Approbation of His Majesty, >r of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of freland for the time being, fhall have Power uader their Hands and ieals to appoint fuch inferior Officers as they fhall from time to time hink proper, for the marking or damping of Vellum, Parchment and Japer, and for colleding and levying fuch Duties as ihall from time

0	time be under the Management of the faid Commiflioners, and that very Commiffioner or other Officer fo appointed, before he fhall >roceed to the Execution of his Office under fuch Appointment, fhall ake and fubferibe the Oath following ; that is to fay,

I A. B. do {Wear, That I will, during my Continuance in the Office of	,	faithfully	execute the Trufl committed

to me therein without Fraud or Concealment, and that I will from time to time true Account make of all fuch A£s a-v I fhall do therein, and deliver the fame to fuch Perfon or Perfons as His : Majesty, his Heirs or Succefiors, or the Lord Lieutenant or other

1	Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, hath t or have appointed or hereafter fhall appoint to receive fuch Ac-1 coot; and that I will take no Fee, Reward or Profit for the ! Execution or Performance of the faid Trufl, or the Bufinefs re-

4 lating



Repelled.

Exception.

Appointment of Commiffioner* and Officers.

Oath.

A. D. ilii.

Not to affeft li Ic 22 G. 3. c. 33. refpeliing Qualifications.

Three Commif-lioners a Quorum.

Officers to hold Employments till Death or Removal.

Reputation fuf-ticietit Evidence cl Allotment.

52*

GEO. III.

4 latiog thereto, from any Perfon or Perfon* other than feck Is foil * be paid and allowed by His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccdTors, or 4 by fome Perfon or Perfons for that Purpofe authorized by H»

4 Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflora, or by the Lord UetfteuBt or 4 other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time bring.’ And fiich Oath (hall and may be adminiftered to any fuch Coowf-fioner or Commiffioners by the Chancellor, Treafurer, Lord Cbitf Baron, or any other of the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, or in their Abfence by any of the Juftices of any of Hii Majesty’s fuperior Courts of Record in Dublin, and they are hereby refpedivcly required and impowered to adminifter fuch Oath ; as4 any of the faid Commiffioners, or any Juftice of the Peace within Ire* landwithin his proper Jurifdi&ion, (hall and may adminifler the Hke Oath to any of the fubordinate Officers aforefaid.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in this Alt contained (hall affed, or he conftrued to affe&, an Ad pafled in Ireland in the Twenty firft and Twenty fecond Years of His Majesty7s Reign, intituled An A3 to regulate the Qualificatim cf Perfons appointed to Offices in this Kingdom •wherein Two or mat Grantees a3 under One Grants Commiffion or Appointment; bet dot the faid Ad, and every Part thereof, (hall remain in full Force, as if this Ad had not been pafled.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That in all cafes in which it ftdf not be otherwife dire&ed or provided by anv Ad or Ads of Par-liament, all and every Right, Power and Authority, which from time to time (hall be veiled in the faid Commiffioners, fhafl and may be ufed and exercifed by any Three or more of the faid Commiffionm, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as the banc could be ufed or exercifed by all the faid Commiffioners for the time being.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the fcveral Comtniffioom and inferior Officers heretofore appointed for the marking or (lamping of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and managing the Duties thereupon, and now adually holding and exercifing fuch Offices rc-fpedivcly, (hall continue to ad in the feveral Offices to which ther have been fo appointed, in like manner, with the feme Powers iofl Authorities, and fubjed to fuch Reftridions and Limitations, as ? appointed under this Ad; and that every fuch Commiffioner now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, (hall continue to hold and exercifc his faid Office until he (hall die, refign or be removed therefrom by His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for* the time being; and that every fuch inferior Officer now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, (hall continue to hold and exerctfr his faid Office until he (hall die, refign or be removed therefrom by the faid Commiffioners, with the Confent and Approbation of Hi* Majesty, his Heirs and Succefiors, or of the Lord Lieuteoart or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time bdag.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That if in any Court wkatfowr, on any Trial, Proceeding or Occafion whatsoever, tad whopftr kail be the Parties therein, any Queftion (hall arife concerning tie Right of the faid Commiffioners or inferior Officers* or any of them, to hold, exercife or enjoy their faid Offices rtfpedively, then and w every' fuch cafe it (hall be fufficient to proor&at fuch Comaifmtn

«

v^ooQle

il 2.

C.ll6.

5*0 GEO. III.

643

niflfiorier, or inferior Officers or Officer, were or was at the }iieftion commonly reputed to be fuch Commiffioners or Com-. or Officer or Officers refpeftively, without producing any Appointment or Commiffion, and without giving any Evi-Kaving performed the feveral Requifites prelcribed by Law e them to execute the faid Offices refpe&ively.

Aod be it further ena6ted. That it mall and may be lawful Salaries of Of->r His Majedy, his Heirs and Sticceflors, and to and for the jjcers PJ'*1 ?ut ieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland SumP utJes* ime being, out of the Produce of the Stamp Duties which 1 time to time be payable in Ireland, to caufe fuch Sum and Money to be expended and paid from time to time for ind incident Charges as (hall be necefTary in and for the re-:ol letting and levying, or managing of the faid Duties; any this or any other A cl contained to the contrary notwith-

oi

And be it further ena&ed, That all Duties which (hall Definition of >e to time be under the Care or Management of the faid SlamP Duties, oners, (hall be deemed and denominated Stamp Duties, in way the fame (hall or may be payable.

Lnd be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners, or Officers to ob-ficers heretofore appointed, or hereafter to be appointed as Drve Directions and all Officers employed or to be employed, or intruded of ^ord Dieute-ler them as aforefaid, (hall from time to time obferve fuch	n2~

let hods and Orders in the Execution of their feveral Offices Is as they refpe&ively have received, or (hail receive from time from His Majedy, or the Lord Lieutenant or other >vemor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or from imiiSoners of His Majedy's Treafury in Ireland, or any F them, or the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland refpe&ively me being.

id be it further enabled, That the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Office in uties (hall keep their Stamp Office in fome convenient Place DuWui* e City of Dublin, and that none of the Duties which (hall « from time to time under their Management, (hall be recollected by, or paid to the faid Commiffioners of Stamp tr any of them.

tod be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful Commiffioners ir the Commiffioners of Stamp Duties for the time being, ne or more of them, to adminider Oaths and Affirmations,

Affidavits and Affirmations in all cafes where he or they actively think an Oath or Oaths, or an Affirmation or Affir-neceflary to be adminidered or taken £>r the Purpofe of iuto Eife& this A61 or any Part thereof, or any Matter y relating thereto, or to the Management of any of the Julies now payable or hereafter to be payable.

And be it further enabled, That all and every Perfon or Per- Stamp Diftribn-ointed by the faid Commiffioners a Didributor or Didributors t5>rs	, venf7

», thall verify by Affidavit, or (if a Quaker or Quakers) by	Scflion*

ion, his, her or their refpe6tive Accounts, furnilhed by him, em, to the faid Commiffioners, fuch Affidavit or Affirma-tnade in Dublinf to be fworn or affirmed before One of the umffionen, and.if in the Country, before a Judice of the •f the County in which the faid Didributor or Didributors Gie. III.	T	t	refpe&ively



Ci 26.

A.D.i8n.

644

52° GEO. III.

Penalty.

Appointment of Sub Diftributon.

Commiflioners to grant Warrants to feize Stamps in Hands of Diftributors.

refpe&ively (hall refidc, and which Affidavit or Affirmation foch Commiflioners and Juftices refpedtively are hereby required and authorized to receive and take as aforefaid, or if the (aid Commifiooers of Stamps, or any One or more of them, (hall by Notice in Writing require the fame, then before the Juftices of the Peace at a Quarter Seflion* of the Peace to be held in and for the County in which fuch Diftributor (hall refide; and which Affidavit or AfiirmafcM fuch Jurticcsare hereby required and authorized to receive and take: And if any Diftributor (hall negleft or refufe to verify any of foca Accounts in manner aforefaid, within fuch reafonable time as be or (he (hall be called upon by the faid Commiflioners of Stamps, orauy One or more of them, fo to do, he or (he (hall, for every fuch. Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be Uwtil for any Diftributor or Dillributors of Stamp Duties, with the Coo* fent ot the faid Commiflioners of Stamps, or any One of them, to appoint by Warrant under Hand and Seal any Perfon orPerfousto be his, her or their Deputy or Deputies, or Sub Diftributor of Sub Diftributors, within his, her or their Diftrid, or any Part or Parti that may be fpecifid in fuch Warrant, and every fuch Diftributu or Diftributors (halt be anfwerable for the Condud of every fed Deputy or Sub Diftributor, in all Matters relating to the faidO&t of Diftributor, and every fuch Deputy or Sub Diftributor (hall have full Power to fell Stamps for the faid Diftributor or Diftributors according to the Terms of fuch Warrant, in the fame manner as the faid Diftributor or Diftributors might personally do; but not to a* ercife any other Part of the Bufinels or Office of fuch Diftributor or Diftributors.

XIV.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may belirfil to and for the Commiflioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland^ or any Ok or more of them, as often as it (hall feem fit to him or them fo to do, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals,» authorize any Perfon or Perfons, with the Afliftauce of a Magiffntt or any Peace Officer, in the Day time to enter into the Houfe or Hahi* tation of any Diftributor of Stamps, or of any Deputy or Sub Diibs* butor, or Perfon or Perfons ading for or under fuch Diftributor, or-having Charge of the Office or Bufinefs of fuch Diftributor for an. particular time 5 and if on Demand and Notice of fuch Warrant, the Door of the Houfe in which fuch Perfon (hall dwell, or any loner Door thereof, (hall not be opened, then to break open the fame fpedively, and to feize and take into his or their Pofleffion all damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper which (hall be then found in theHoui^ Cuftody or Pofleflion of fuch Diftributor or Sub Diftributor, or Paw fop. or Perfons ading'for or under fuch Diftributor, or having Charge of the Office or Bufinefs of fuch Diftributor for any particular time; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Perfon and Per Tons fo authorized as aforefaid, with the Affiftance of a Magi&rate or Peace Officer, to enter accordingly into the Houfe or Habtfatioe of any fuch Diftributor or Deputy or Sub Diftributor, or od»Per-fon as aforefaid ; and if on Demand and Notice of fuqh Warrant the Door of the Houfe in which fuch Diftributor or Deputy or Suh Diftributor or other Perfon as aforefaid (hall dwell, or any Inner Door thereof (hall not be opened, then with the Affiftance and in thr Prefence of a Magiftrate or. Peace Officer, to break open the

12	re(jpeffiwly.



Google

.D.iSii.

C. 126.

520 GEO. III.

645

fpe&ively, and to feize and take into his or their Pofleflion all amped Vellum, Parchment or Paper which (hall be then found the Houfe, Cuflody or Pofleflion of fuch Diflributor or Deputy Sub Diflributor, or Perfon or Perfons acting under fuch Diftri-tor, or having Charge of the Office or Bufincfs of fuch Diflributor r any particular time as aforefaid ; and all Magiflrates and Peace fBcers are hereby required, upon the Requefl of any Perfon or Perns a&ing under fuch Warrant, to aid and affift iiirrt and them in e Execution thereof.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiflioners of Commiflioner* amps, or any Three of them, fhall have Power from time to time ma7 ^ne Dif- ' Warrant under Hand and Seal, to fine any Diflributor or Diftri- mbutors*

tors of Stamps for any Breach or Ncglc6l of Duty, or of the ders of the laid Commiflioners, or of any One or more of them, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for any One Offence, the nount of fuch Fine to be paid by fuch Diflributor or Diflributors the Receiver General for the Ufe of His Majesty’s Revenue, toge-rr with his, her or their next Payment, and as Part thereof; and may b« rehall be lawful for fuch Receiver General and he is hereby required tufned by Reapply the next Money that he fhall receive from fuch Diflributor, ceiver ener fo much thereof as fhall be neceffary, to the Payment of fuch Fine, atever may be the Purpofe for which the fame may be fent.

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That all and every Officer and Times of Pay-Beers who fhall be concerned in levying, colle&ing or receiving any ™ent °f

imp Duty or Duties in Ireland, fhall keep feparate and diftindl butorTto^Re-:counts thereof, and that the feveral Diflributors of Stamps in the ceiver General, unty of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, fhall pay all and by him into )nies received by them for or by reafon or on account of any of d*® Exchequer, faid Stamp Duty or Duties, or of any Penalties impofed by this t or by any other Adi in any wife relating to the Payment or Relation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, and then in the Hands of h Diflributors refpedlively, to the Receiver General of Stamp ities on every Day, or on fuch and fo many Days in each Week,

Tiall be appointed for the Purpofe by the faid Commiflioners ; and Diflributors of Stamps employed in other Parts of Ireland fhall,

Wednefday in every Week, unlefs the fame fhall be an Holyday,

I	then on the next enfuing Day which fhall not be an Holyday, is fpeedily after fuch Wednefday or other Day as the Diftance of h Diflributors refpedtively fhall permit, or as much oftener as

faid Diflributors fhall be required by the faid Commiflioners or of them, pay or caufe to be paid all Sums received by them in : manner, and then in their Hands refpe&ively to the faid Re-rer General of Stamp Duties, and the faid Receiver General fhall each and every Day, or on fuch Day or Days in every Week as

II	be directed for the Purpofe by the faid Commiflioners, or any ree of them, pay all Monies fo received by him, and then in his nds, into the Receipt of His Majefly’s Exchequer of Ireland; and faid Receiver General fhall on each Day after his making any fuch

yment into the faid Exchequer, and every Diflributor of Stamps each Day after his or her making any luch Payment to the faid ceiver General, or on the firfl Opportunity after the faid times re-iStively, give Notice of fuch Payment and of the Amount thereof, the faid Commiflioners of Stamp Duties; and if fuch Receiver Receiver Ge»^-neral /hall at any time negle& or omit to pay into the Receipt of ra* ncsleiVing?

T t 2

Google1*1*



Penalty.

Diftributor

neglecting.

Firft Offence.

Second Offence.

Further time allowed to Diftributors by Commillioners.

Account:

52® GEO. 111.

A.D. 1812.

His Majesty’s Exchequer the Sums fo by him payable u aforefaid. at the time and in manner aforefaid, or (hall detain any Part of the Monies fo by him payable, then and for fuch Offence he (hillbedif-mifled from his faid Employment, and (hall be incapable to {cue His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, in any Civil Capacity whatlcever, and (hail be charged with Intereft for the Monies fo detained in bis Hands after the Rate of Twelve Pounds by the Hundred by th Year, the fame to be rccoveied with Coils of Suit, by A&iou,Ss’t or Information, or by any other of the means whereby Debts tot be recovered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, from Pubic Accountants or Debtors; and if any fuch Diftributor or Distributors (hall negledl or omit to pay or caufe to be paid to fuch Receiver General as aforefaid, the Sums fo by him, her or them payable as aforefaid, or (hall detain the Monies by him* her or theta fe payable as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, then for the firft of fedi Offences* he, (he or they (hall forfeit all and every the Difcount, Per Centage, or other Fee, Profit or Reward to which fuch Perfoaor Perfons fo offending would or might otherwife be entitled forcuby reafon of the Sum to detained, or To negle&ed or omitted to be paid to fuch Receiver General, and for the Second of fuch Offences erev fuch Diftributor or Diftributors (hall forfeit the faid Difcount, Ps Centage, Fee, Profit or Reward, and (hall be difmiffed from Lis fir her faid Office, and (hall from the time of fuch Difmiffal be incapable of ferving His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, in any Civil Cap city whatfoever, and (hallalfo be charged with Intereft for the Money fo detained, after the Rate of Six Pounds’by the Year for every He* dred Pounds, the fame to be recovered in the fame manner, and wib like Cofts as the Intereft is recoverable from the faid Receiver Gene* ral as aforefaid; and the faid Difcount, Per Centage, Fee, Profit« Reward fo forfeited by fuch Diftributor or Diftributors, (hall ia every of the faid cafes be paid to fuch Officer or Officers of the Stamps, as (hall firft difeover and inform the faid Commiffioners of Staap Duties of fuch Negle<5t, Omiffion or Detention, if the faid Cos. miffioners of Stamp Duties, or the major Part of them, Hull th*l proper fo to order the fame, and if they (hall make no Order thett-upon, it (hall be made a Saving to His Majesty’s Revenue.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That in all cafes where the Average of the Monthly Sales of any fuch Diftributor, orofh* Prcaeceffor or Predeceffors, for Twelve Months next preceda^ (hall not have exceeded the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Month, it (hd and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Dutin, or any Three of them, from time to time as often as they (ball fee jot and neceflary Occafion, by Order under their Hands, to enlarge ad extend for any time not exceeding One Month, the time hereby allowed to fuch Diftributors refpe&ively, for paying unto fuch Receiver General the feveral Sums by them refpe&ively from time la time received as aforefaid.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That there (hall be kept ia His Majesty’s Treafury in Ireland, One Book in which all Monies that lhall be paid into the faid Treafury in Ireland by virtue of this A£ or of any A& or A&s for impofing of Stamp Duties in JrdsU (hall be entered apart and diftindl from all other Monies paid or parable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, from any Accostt whatfoever: And that neither the Six pence per Pound nor any tfhs



S I 2a

52' GEO. III.

C.12 6.

647

II be payable to or be deduced or received by any Officer or No Fees at of His Majesty’s Treafury for or on account of the ifluing Treafury for re. nent of any Sum or Sums of Money arifing by, or which	StamP

received for or on account of any Stamp Duties, or of any t to be made by the Receiver General of Stamp Duties in aforefaid, but that the fame (hall be received and duly ac-l for to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, and all the paid into the faid Treafury on the Account of fuch Duties ConfolidateJ carried to and be made Part of the Confolidated Fund of fund.

. And be it further enabled, That the feveral Perfons who Accounts en or /hall be refpedively employed in receiving, colle&ing or any Stamp Duties, (hall exhibit their refpeftive Accounts of *,cew IU lte * jties to the Commiffioners for auditing the Public Amounts nd for the time being, or the major Part of them, when called hem, or any One or more of them, for that Purpofe ; and the nmiflioners of Public Accounts are hereby refpedtively autho-d required from time to time to examine upon Oath the faid who (hail be fo employed in railing, receiving or colle&ing Duties as to their faid Accounts, and as to the Sum or Sums ey which (hall have been by them or any of them refpe&ively collected or received within the time of fuch their Accounts ; rwife what Part thereof (hall have been by them or any of them the Receiver General, or into the Receipt of His Majesty’s [uer in Ireland; and in accounting before the faid Commif-}f Public Accounts, or the major Part of them, the faid Perfons >roduce proper Vouchers for any Sum or Sums of Money by :ceived and paid, and the faid Commiffioners of Public Ac-or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized and re-finally to adjuftand fettle fuch Accounts; which faid Accounts

>	audited and fettled, (hall be figned by the faid Commiffioners lie Accounts, or the major Part of them, and (hall be at all

>	the Officers therein concerned, a full and fufficient Warrant fcharge to all Intents and Purpofes, according to the true

Meaning and Import thereof refpe&ively.

And be it further ena&ed, That the Types, Marks and Dies for Stamps ; which are already kept or ufed for denoting and marking on Frovidcd*

1, Parchment and Paper, the feveral and refpe&ive Duties ore granted, or any of them, or which (hall hereafter be kept 1 at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for denoting and marking on 1, Parchment and Paper, the feveral and refpedlive Stamp which (hall from time to time be payable by Law in Ireland, i the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps, for imping and impreffing of all Vellum, Parchment and Paper, ich any of the feveral Things in refpe& whereof any fuch Stamp 1 (hall from time to time be payable, have been or (hall be en-d or written, and that if at any time there (hall not be any Type, Mark or Stamp, denoting the precife Amount of any of amp Duties which (hall from time to time be payable, it (hall be for the faid Commiffioners, if they (hall think proper, to dire&

Two or more of fuch Types, Marks or Stamps, the Duties td whereby (hall in the whole amount to the Stamp Duties fo )le refpe&ively, (hall be ufed on the fame Piece of Vellum, kme&t or Paper, for denoting fuch Duties, or at their Difcre-

Tt 3

tion



Google

Ajs.isii:

52° GEO. III.

tion to caufe to be provided new Types, Marks or Stamp* for denoting fuch Duties or any of them, and to caufe all Vdhtm, Parch-ment and Paper chargeable with fuch Duties to be fbmped or marked with the fame.

Dies for Sumps XXI. And beit further enafted, That the Devices or Maks ufed aiteied.	or to be ufe(i for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and

Paper, the Stamp Duties which (hall be payable from time to thee, or any of them, may be changed, varied or altered from time to time l His Majtfty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, <r the Commiflioners of Stamp Duties for the time being, or any Three of them, fhall think fit : Provided, that whenfoever fuch Devices s: Marks fhall be changed, varied or altered, then and in every foci w	cafe public Notice of every fuch Change, Variation or Alteration

fhall be given by Advertifement in the Dublin Gazette, and in ferae other public Newfpaper, a convenient time before the Types, Mirfc or Stamps on which fuch new Devices or Marks fhall be made be ufed.

Particular	XXII.	And	be	it	further	ena&ed, That the faid Commiffiorer?d

Stamps forcer. Stamp Duties in Ireland fhall caufe feparate and particular Sumps or ain Duties. Marks to be provided and ufed to denote the Duties which fhall from time to time be payable, not only on any Article or Articles for wind feparate and particular Stamps or Marks fhall be required fromtbe to time by any Law or Laws, but alfo on fuch other Articles, Mr-ters and Things as to the faid Commiflioners of Stamp Duties fhiB feem requifite and necefiary, or as the faid Commiflioners of Stamps fhall be required by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland; and all fuch ArUcH Matters and Things refpettively which fhall be iflbed or granted, made or written after One Month from the Day on which public Notice fhall have been or fhall be given in the Dublin Gazette, by the fail Commiflioners of Stamp Duties, that fuch feparate or new or particular Stamps or Marks for the fame have been or are refpedivdj provided, and which fhall be engrofled, written or printed on ict Vellum, Parchment or Paper without fuch Stamps or Maris, cr having any other Stamps or Marks than thofe fo provided or ufed far the Purpofe aforefaid refpettively, although fuch Stamps may be of the Amount by Law required, or of any greater Amount, fhall be of no other Effe6t than if they had been written or printed on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or ftamped ; and all Perfons who fhall write or print any fuch Article, Matter or Thing on any Paper or Parchment, having any other Stamps than thofe fo provided for the Purpofe aforefaid, fhall incur and fuffer fuch Penalty as they would be liable to in cafe fuch Article, Matter or Thing refpe&ivek had been written or printed on Paper or Parchment not marked or ftamped.

Stamps maybe XXIII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That fo often as the changed.	Devices	or	Marks	aforefaid,	or any of them, fhah be changed, varied

or altered, ft fhall be lawful for all Perfons who fhall at the times re. fpoftively of fuch Alteration or Change have in their Cuftcdjror Pof-feflion any Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked with the Imprcfiios of the Type, Mark or vStamp, which fhall have been fa changed, varied or altered, and upon which none of the Matters or Thing*a



CjOOQ le

I 812.

C. 12

*49

52« GEO. III.

whereof any Stamp Duties (hall be payable (hall have been ed or written, to bring or fend at any time within the Space of louths after the Publication of fuch Advertifement as aforefaid, el him. Parchment or Paper to the faid Commiffioners of Stamp at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or to any Diftributor of >, or to any Perfon appointed to a& as a Diftributor of Stamps ; ereupon the proper Officer at fuch Stamp Office, and fuch Dif-r or Perfon appointed to a6t as fuch refpeftively, ffiall, and he,

[ they is and are hereby required to deliver or caufe to be deli-a lieu thereof the like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper t have been brought or fent as aforefaid, with the Impreffion i new Type, Mark or Stamp, without demanding or taking p or indire&ly for the fame any Money or other Conlideration :ver, under the Penalty of forfeiting for every fuch Offence m of Twenty Pounds; and the faid Stamps and Marks which l>enahy* ve been fo given or fent in, ffiall in every fuch cafe be immc-cancelled ; and in cafe any Perfon ffiall neglect or omit, within e aforefaid, to bring or caufe to be brought and delivered le faid Commifiionere or Officers as aforefaid, any fuch Vel-archinent or Paper fo marked with the Type, Mark or Stamp, lhall have been fo changed, the fame is hereby declared to be ther Effeft than if fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper had een damped ; aud that all Matters and Things which ffiall be yd or written thereon, after fuch time as ffiall be appointed i Advertifement as aforefaid, for making ufe of fuch changed "ed Types, Marks or Stamps as aforefaid, ffiall be of no other than it they had been engroffed or written on Vellum, Parch-r Paper not marked or damped ; and all Perfons who ffiall or write any Matter or Thing chargeable with any of the aforefaid, on fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, after the le, fhall incur and fuffer fuch Penalty as is herein dire&ed to be 1 on Perfons writing or engroffing on Vellum, Parchment or lot marked or ftamped.

[V. And be it further ena&ed, That all Vellum, Parchment Paper ftamped per intended to be charged with any Stamp Duty, ffiall before before written the Matters or Things in refpedt whereof any Stamp Duty upon*

? then payable, ffiall be thereupon engroffed or written, be t to the Stamp Office aforefaid, to be ftamped and marked,

? faid Commiffioners and Officers are hereby required upon d of the Perfon or Perfons fo bringing the fame, forthwith t any Fee or Reward to damp or mark any Quantity or Parcels um. Parchment or Paper fo brought, fuch Perfon or Perfons to fuch Officer or Officers as ffiall be appointed in that Behalf, pe&ive Duties which they fhall require to have fo damped or 1 on the fame.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Commiffioner or other Officers ftampin* r appointed or to be appointed as aforefaid, ffiall fix or imprefs P*»per before > ch Mark or Stamp to or upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper Duty Pa,d*

(hall be brought to the Stamp Office aforefaid to be damped or 3, before the Duty or Duties denoted thereby ffiall be duly red orfecured to.be paid to the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs toceflors, in fuch cafes when fuch Security may by Law be i be fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One bun- Penalty.

Pounds.

T t 4	XXVI.	And



Google

A.D.I&11.

Additional Stamps put on old Stamps.

Spoiled Stamps chanced for others.

Suraping Deeds, lee. written on unftampcu Paper.

XXVI.	And be it enafted, That in all cafes whereroderor by the Provifions of this or any other Aft or A&s of Parfement, any Stamps (hall at any time be made or become inapplicable to the Purposes for which the fame were intended, then and wheuevet it {hall fo happen, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, or any of them, and they are hereby required upon Requeft of any Perfon or Periods producing any fuch Stamp or Stamps, to order either that fach Vellum, Parchment and Paper be (lamped with a Duty denoting a higher Duty, the Perfon or Perfons requefting the fame paying the Difference of Price between the faid refpeftive Stamps; or that fech Vellum, Parchment or Paper as (hall be brought foY the Purpofo, by the Perfon requefting the fame, be duly (lamped and markedwkh Stamps, denoting fuch Duties as the Perfon or Perfons requdbog the fame (hall require, in Exchange for fuch Vellum, Parchment tod Paper as (hall he offered for Exchange, the Perfon or Perfons to whoa the fame fliall be given paying the Difference (if any) between the faid refpeftive Stamps: Provided always, that the Stamps fopre-vioufly marked on all fuch Vellum, Parchment and Paper fo lole offered for Exchange be cancelled.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That upon Proof on Oathar folemn Affirmation (if by a Quaker) made before the (aidCox-miflioners, or any of them, or before any inferior Officer by thenis that Behalf appointed, (and which Oath or Affirmation fuch Officer is hereby empowered to adminiiler) to his or their Satisfadioo, tbit any (lamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper printed, engroffed or written upon, and inadvertently and undefignedly obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the Purpofe intended, hath not been executed or figned by any Party or Parties, or ufed for any oftk Purpofes for which the lame was or were intended, and that the Perfon making fuch Affidavit or Affirmation hath not, nor hath any other Perfon on his Account received, and that fuch Perfon *31 not receive any Money or other Confideration for the Stamp therapy and that tne faid Stamp or Stamps is or are really and truly the Property of the Perfon making fuch Affidavit, and have or hath been pad for by fucb Perfon to the full Amount of the Duty thereon, and that fuch Perfon will be a Loler to fuch Amount, unlefs fuch Perfon (bll receive other Stamps in lieu thereof ; and upon the Perfon or Perfons, who (hall produce fuch Proof, delivering fuch (lamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper rendered unfit for Ufe as aforefaid, and deliveringilfo at the fame time a like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper to be (lamped, then and in every fuch cafe the faid Commiffionen (ball caufe the fame to be (lamped or marked with the feveral and re-fpeftive Duties (lamped, marked or impreffed on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper fo rendered unfit for Ufe, without demanding cr taking direftly or indirectly for the Duty on the fame, any Sum of Money or other Confideration whatfoever.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon bath engroffed or written at any time fince the Commencement of any Act for impofing Stamp Duties in Ireland, or (hall at any time hereafter engrofs or write, or caufe to be engroffed or written, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any of the Matters or Things for which fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, at the time of fuch Writing or Engroffment was or (hall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty, fie and except a Bill or Note of any Banker or Banters, or other Pcribo

16	cr



C.126.

651

52° GEO. III.

or Perfons, before fuch time as the faid Vellum, Parchment or Paper hath been or (hall be marked or (lamped with fuch Mark or Stamp as was or (hall be by law required for the fame, or hath or have engrofled or written the fame, or caufed the fame to be engrofled or written, or (hall engrofe or write the fame, or caufe the fame to be engrofled or written, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not (lamped with any Duty, or (lamped or marked for any lower Duty than the Duty payable at the time for what hath been or (hall be fo engrofled or written thereon, then and in every fuch cafe there (hall be paid to His Majelly, his Heirs and Succeflors, the Remainder or the whole of the Amount of the Duty (as the cafe may be) fo payable by Law for every fuch Deed, Inllrument or Writing, and alfo the Sum of Ten Pounds, provided the fame (hall be brought to be damped within the Space of Five Years from the Execution of fuch Deed, Inllrument or Writing, or at any time after the Expiration of fuch Term of Five Years, the Sum of Twenty Pounds over and above fuch Duty or Remainder of Duty payable as aforefaid ; and the proper Officers refpedlively are hereby required, upon Payment or Tender of fuch Duty, or Remainder of Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty Pounds, as the cafe maybe, to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark and (lamp fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with the Mark or Stamp that (hall be proper for fuch Deed, Inftrument or Writing refpedlively.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That when any In. Within Sixty ftrument, fave and except a Bill or Note of any Banker or Bankers, Jj^8 ^ee?s

or other Perfon or Perfons, (hall have been engrofled or written on	WU °Ut

Parchment, Vellum or Paper not duly (lamped, and it (hall fatif- * fa&orily appear to the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, upon Oath or Affirmation or otherwife, that the fame hath nappened either by Accident or Inadvertency, or from urgent Neceffity, or unavoidable circum(lance8, and without any Intention in any Party to defraud His Majelly, his Heirs or Succeflors, of the Duty chargeable upon fuch Inftrument, then and in any of the faid cafes, if fuch In-ftniment (hall within Sixty Days from the Firft Execution thereof be brought to the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin to be (lamped, and the Duty chargeable upon fuch Inllrument (hall be paid, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Commiffioners to remit the Penalty payable as aforefaid on (lamping fuch Inllrument, or any Part thereof fo executed without being (lamped, and to caufe fuch Inftrument to be (lamped with the proper Stamp; and every Perfon concerned in engroffing any fuch Inllrument, or executing the fame, (hall be thereupon exempt from all Penalties on account thereof.

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be law- Deeds executed ful for the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, and they are hereby out of Ireland authorized to (lamp any Inftrument executed out of Ireland, upon ftamPed* Payment of the Stamp Duty which (hall be payable thereon at the

time of fuch (lamping, without Payment of the faid additional Duty of Ten Pounds, or any other Duty or Penalty, within the Spac* of Six Calendar Months from the Firft Execution thereof relpec-tively, in cafe of the fame being executed in any Part of the United Kingdom, or within the Space of Two Years from the Execution thereof, in cafe of the fame being executed in any Place out of the United Kingdom, Proof being firft made to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Commiffioners that fucb Inftrument was executed out of Ireland,

and '	m



652

C. 126.

A.D.1I11

Parr of Writing

•n Sea ups.

Penalty.

Pei {on:- and Officers of Courts v\ riting Dtecir on Paj-er not duly Ihmped.

Penalty.

Penalty.

52* GEO. III.

and in the United Kingdom, or out of the United Kiagdoo,*tk cafe may be, and within the time3 aforefaid refjpe&ively.

XXXI.	And be it further enadled, That all Matters auditor, in refpect whereof any of the faid Stamp Duties (hall be pipit, (hall be written or printed or written and printed in fuebmaetr, (and if printed in Part, before being (lamped (hall be fo damped) that fome Part of the Writing or Printing thereof (hall be 00 tie Stamps or Marks which (hall in purfuance of any Adi or Mix placed on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper thereof, and fuch Wri ing or Punting fhall from thence be fo continued in the ufaal Fora of Writing, printing, or engrofiing Deeds or Writings, fo that go blank Space (hall be left whereby fuch Stamps might be made applicable to any other Deed or Inftrument whatever, upon Pain that the Pcrfou who (hall write, engrofs or print or (lamp, or caufctoix written, engroffed, or printed or (lamped, any fuch Writing, Matter or Thing, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, (hall, for every foch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Teij Pounds.

XXXII.	And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon (hd engrofs, or write or print, orveaufe to be engroffed, written orprkited upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any Inftrument, Writorj, Matter or Thing for which fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper ought according to the Laws which (hall be then in force, to have a Stamp or Mark denoting the Payment of any Stamp Duty, fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper being then not duly marked or damped with fuch Mark or Stamp as (hall be then by Law' required, or marked or (lamped for any lower Duty or Duties than the Duty or Duties which (hall be then by Law payable thereon in refpedl to the Matter or Thing fo engroffed, written or printed thereon, or marked or (lamped with any Mark or Stamp which (hall have been prerioufiy ufed for any other Purpofe, fuch Perfon fo offending, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; suid in cak »v Perfon or Perfons (hall at any time file in any Court of Law or Equity, any Pleading, Affidavit, or other Proceeding, Matter or Thing whatfoever, in refpedl whereof any Stamp Duty (hall be tkn payable, and there (hall not be any time exprefsly allowed by Law for (lamping the fame after the filing thereof, and that fuch Pleading,, Affidavit, Proceeding, Matter or Thing (hall not at the time of filing thereof be duly (lamped, then and in every fuch cafe every Perion who (hall fo file the fame, or caufe the fame to be filed, and alfo every Officer of fuch Court who (hall receive the fame, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in cafe any Clerk, Officer or other Perfon who in refpedl of any Oficr or Employment is or (hall be entitled or entrutled to make, engroh or write any Record, Entry, Deed, Inflrument or Writing whatfoever, which (ball be then chargeable with a Stamp Duty, underor by virtue of any Adi or Adis which (hall be then exiftiog and in force in Ireland, or to iffue any Procefs, or to file any Proceeding, or to do any Adi in the Execution of his Office with rtfpedl loan; Article, Matter or Thing chargeable with any fuch Duty, Aifl he guilty of any Fraud, Pradlice or Negledl, by means whereof His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, may be defrauded of any fuch Duty, by making, engrofiing or writing any fuch Record, Entry, Deed, Inftrument or Writing, or by caufing the fame to be made, engrofled or written upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper sot duly nailed or.

(lamped



Google

C* 126*

52° GEO. III.

6S3

ftamped according to fuch Laws as (hall be then exifting and in force, or upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked or ftamped with any Mark, Stamp or Impreflion which he fhall know to be counterfeited, or by engrofling or writing any fuch Record, Deed, Inftru-ment or other Writing upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper which fhall be marked or ftamped for a lower Duty than the Duty which fhall be then by Law payable for the fame, or by negledting to do any thing required by him to be done in the Execution of his Office, or by doing any thing contrary to the Duty of his Office, in relation to any Stamp Duty or Duties, that then and in every fuch cafe, fuch Clerk, Officer or Perfon fo guilty of any fuch Fraud, Pradtice or Neglect, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Penalty. Pounds, and fhall alfo upon Conviction of fuch Offence forfeit his Office, Place or Employment refpedtively, and be difabled to hold or enjoy the fame for the future ; and if any Attorney belonging to any Court whatfoever, fhall be guilty of any fuch Fraud as aforefaid, and fhall be convicted thereof, he fhall be difabled for the future to pradtife as, an Attorney ; and if any Record, Entry, Deed, Inftru-rnent or Writing whatfoever, on which any Stamp Duty is charged and made payable by any A61 or Adts in force in Irelandfhall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adt, be written or en-groffed by any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever (not being a known Clerk or Officer who in refpedt of any Office or Employment is or fhall be entitled to the making, writing or engrofling the fame) upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or ftamped according to Law, or fhall be written or engroffed upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked or ftamped for a lower Duty than is by Law payable thereon, (except under the Rules, Regulations and Directions in this Adt contained), then and in every fuch cafe there fh ill be due and paid to His Majcfty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for every fuch Deed,

Inftrument or Writing, over and above the Stamp Duty charged and payable thereon by Law, the Sum of Ten Pounds ; and no fuch Record, Entry, Deed, Inftrument or Writing fhall be pl aded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court, or by any Perfon, to be good, ufeful or available in Law or Equity, until as well fuch Stamp Duty as the faid Sum of Ten Pounds il.all ue f:rft paid to the Ufe of His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, and a II eeipt produced for the fame, under the Hand or Hands of fome Officer appointed to receive the Duties of Stamps; nor until the Vellum, Parchment or Paper on which fuch Record, Entry, Deed, Inftrument or Writing fhall be written or made, fhall be marked or Humped with the proper Mark or Stamp, to denote the Duty payable thereon ; and the proper Officer and Officers are hereby enjoined and required upon Payment or Tender of fuch Duty and the Sum of Ten Pounds unto him or them, to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark or ftamp fuch Vellum, Parchment or Pap r whh the Mark or Stamp proper for fuch Record, Entry, Deed, Lftument or Writing refpedtively*

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Per- Antedating forts (hall, for the Purpofe of evading any of the Stamp Duties which Dee(k» fhall at any time be payable under any Adt or Adts then in force in Inland, execute any ftamped Inftrument without a Date, or which flail bear Date prior to fuch Execution thereof, or fhall fraudulently erafe or ferape out, or caufe tq be erafed or feraped out, the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons, or any Date, Sum or

Thing

C^ooQle

C.126.

A.D 18 it

6j4

Penalty.

Provifo.

Stamps judicially noticed.

Deeds on higher Stamps than required valid ; walefs in cafe of appropriated Stamps.

Infpe&ors of Sumps in Courts, and Orders of Coiuts thereon.

S2°

GEO. III.

Thing engroffed or written in fuch Inftrument, Matter or Thing as aforefaid, or (hall fraudently cut, tear or take off any Mark dr Stamp from any Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or any Part thereof, with Intent to ufe fuch Stamp or Mark for any other Writing, Matter or Thing, in refpe<£t whereof any Stamp Duty (hall be then payable, then and in any fuch cafe every fuch Perfonw offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; and any Deed, In* ftrument or Writing wherein any of the faid Frauds (hall have been committed, (hall be deemed not to have been duly (lamped ; Provided neverthelefs, that if any Deed or Inftrument (hall have been duly executed by any of the Parties thereto on the Day when the fame bean Date, fuch Deed or Inftrument may be lawfully executed at any Tnne afterwards by the other Parties thereto, or any of them, notwithftaod-ing any intervening Change in the Stamp Duty or Duties pfcjabfc on fuch Deed or Inftrument, if the fame (nail have been duly lumped at the time of fuch prior Execution thereof.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled, That all Courts of Jollier and Judges in Ireland (hall, without Allegation or Proof in that Behalf, take judicial Notice of the feveral Types, Marks and Stamps kept or ufed, or to be kept or ufed as aforefaid, as and for the only | true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps for denoting the Stamp Duties which (hall from time to time be payable in Ireland; aodtbt bo Record, Deed, Inftrument, Writing'or Printing whatever, for which the Vellum, Parchment or Paper whereon the fame is or ikH be written or printed, is or (hall be by Law chargeable with aoy Stamp Duty, (hall, on any Pretence whatfoever, be pleaded or given orrt-ceived in Evidence in any Court in Ireland, or admitted in any Court in Ireland to be good or available in Law or Equity, unlefs the hid Vellum, Parchment or Paper whereon the fame (hall be fo vrittw or printed, (hall be duly marked or (lamped with the Mark or Stamp that (hall be proper for fuch Deed, Inftrument, Writing or Printing refpe&ively: Provided always, that if any Deed, Inllrument or Writing (hall happen to be executed on any Stamp of an Amount greater than the Stamp Duty payable for fuch rcfpc&ive Deed, Id-ftrument or Writing at the time of the Execution thereof, the fame (hall be confidcred as duly (lamped to all Intents and Purpofes: Provided neverthelefs, that if fuch Deed, Inftrument or Writing (hall be of a Kind for which feparate and particular Stamps or Marks (hall have been provided as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the fame (hall not be confidered as duly (lamped, for or in refpect of having thereon any Stamp to an Amount greater than the Stamp Duty then payable thereon, unlefs fuch greater Stamp fo impreffed thereon (hallbeooc of the Stamps or Marks fo appropriated to fuch Kind of Deed, In* ftrument or Writing.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Commiffioncra of Stamp Duties for the time being (hall and may from time to time u they (hall fee Occafion, appoint One or more fit Perfon or Perfonsto attend in any Court or Courts, Office or Offices in Ireland,\ itoch Perfon or Perfons (hall have full Power and Authority to infped and examine the Vellum, Parchment and Paper upon which tor of the Matters or Things in refped of which any Stamp Duty flail at any time be payable, (hall have been engroffed or written or put, and alio the Marks or Stamps thereupon, and alfo all other Matten aod

This?



C. 12 6.

52° GEO. IIL

Thiogs tending to fecure the Duties which have been or fhall from time to time be payable upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Inland ; and that the Judges in thefeveral Courts in Ireland, and fuch others to whom it may appertain, at the Requeft of the faid Commifiioners, or of any of them, fhall make fuch Orders in their refpeftive Courts, and do fuch other Matters and Things for the better fecuring of the faid Duties, as lhall be lawfully and reafon-ably dcfired in that Behalf.

XXXVI.	And, for the better Diftribution of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and that all Perfons may have the fame with Convenience, and at an eafy Rate, be it enabled, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being (hall, as often as he or they {hall think proper, fet the Prices at which all Sorts of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper {ball be fold ; and the faid Commifiioners of Stamp Duties {hall {lamp the Prices fo fet upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and on every Piece and Sheet of Paper fo by them to be fold ; and that the faid Commifiioners fhall take fpecial Care that the feveral Parts of Ireland fhall be from time to time fufficiently fumifhed with fuch Vellum, Parchment and Paper ftamped or marked as afore -faid, fo that all Perfons may have it in their Ele£lion to buy the fame of the Officers or Perfons to be employed by the faid Commifiioners at the ufual Rates above the faid Duty, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment and Paper to be ftamped as aforefaid, or to fur-nilh themfelves from others who {hall be legally entitled to utter or fell the fame.

XXXVII.	And be it further eua&ed. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties in their Difcretion to grant to any Perfon or Perfons whom they fhall think fit and proper for the Purpofe, (nut beinjr a Diftributor of Stamps appointed by the faid Commifiioners) a Licence to deal in and retail Stamps, which Licence fhall be duly ftamped : Provided always, that every Perfon requiring fuch Licence {hall enter into a Bond to His Maiefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, with Two fufficient Sureties, which Bond the faid Commifiioners or any of them are hereby empowered to take for His M^jefty's Ufe, in the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, conditioned that fuch Perfon fhall not fell or offer to Sale, or have or keep in his or her PofTeffion any forged or counterfeit Stamp, or purchafe any Stamp or Stamps fave only at the Office of the faid Commifiioners in Dublin, or from tome Diftributor of Stamps duly appointed by the faid Commifiioners: Provided alfo, that no fuch Licence fhall be granted to any Perfon to deal in or to retail Stamps in any Town or Place in Ireland (except within the Diftrift of Dublin Metropolis^, where a Diftributor of Stamps fhall have been appointed by the faid Commiffioper8, and fhall refide and aft as fuch Diftributor.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commifiioners, or any Three of them, by Notice under their Hands, at their Pleafure to revoke, annul, and make void any fuch Licence, or any Licence for felling Stamps, or lamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or any of them heretofore granted or hereafter to be granted.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That if any Perfon tr Perfons who fhall have nad fuch Licence fhall at the time of his •r her Death, or at the Expiration or Revocation of fuch Licence,

have



6SS

Prices of ftamp* ed Paper ascertained, and dif-tributed through Ireland.

Commiflioner* may licenfe Perfons to deal in Stamps.

Licences

revuked.

Stamps in Pof-feflion of Dealers dying, or whofe Licence*

v

6S6

C. 12

j 2® GEO. III.

A.D.1812.

revoked, allowed for.

Perfons (not being Diltribu-tors) felling Stamps without Licence.

Penalty.

Previfo.

Commifltoners to grant Warrant to l'ejrch for forged Stamps.

have in his, her or their Poffeffion any Quantity of fucli (lamped Vd-lum, Parchment or Paper, and he or fhc, if living, or if dead, then his or her Executors, Adminiftrators or next of Kin, or any of them, (hall within One Calendar Month next following fend the fame to the Stamp Office in Dublin, the faid Commiffioners or fuch Officer is they (hall appoint (hall receive the fame, and (hall pay for the fame the, full Value thereof, deducing thereout fuch Per Centage, if any, as fuch Perfon (hall have been allowed for fuch Stamps on purchafiag the fame, on fuch Perfon or Perfons who (hall focarry the fame,making an Affidavit before the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, or any of them, or any Juftice of the Peace, that the fame was in the Pol-feffion of the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, or having had fuch Licence fo expired or revoked, for the Purpofe of Sale at the time when fuch Perfon or Perfons fo died, or the faid Licence expired or was revoked, and upon proving to the Satisfa&iou of the faid Commiffioners of Stamp. Duties that fuch Stamps were purchafed at the Stamp Office, or from a Diftributor of Stamps, by the Perfon or Perfons who obtained fuch Licence, and thereupon fuch Stamps (hall be immediately cancelled.

XL. And be it further enaded, That no Perfon or Perfons other than fuch Diftributor or Sub Diftributor of Stamps as aforefaid, (ball vend or fell in any Part of Ireland any Vellum, Parchment or Paper damped with any of the Stamp Duties which (hall be then payable, without having obtained from the faid Commiffioners of Stamps fuch Licence for that Purpofe, which (hall be fubfifting in force and unrevoked at the time of fuch vending or felling 5 and if any PerioG or Perfons other than fuch Diftributor or Sub Diftributor as afore-faid, (hall without having obtained fuch Licence, or after the fame (hall have expired or been revoked as aforefaid, utter, vend or fell any fuch Vellum, Parchment or Paper fo (lamped, every fuch Perfon (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Proceedings (hall be taken for Recovery of the faid Penalty, whether m any Court in Dublin, or by Civil Bill, or before a Magistrate, it (hall not be neceffary to prove that the Stamps fo fold were true and genuine Stamps, nor (hall it be any Defence for the Perfon again ft whom fuch Proceedings (hall be taken to (hew that fuch Stamps were falfe, forged or counterfeited, but the Perfon fo felling the fame without Licence (hall be deemed and taken to have fold (lamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, as the cafe may be, without Licence, within the true ^Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided however, that nothing herein contained (hall exempt any Perfon fo felling fuch forged Stamps from the Confequences of felling the fame knowing the fame to be forg< d, if fuch Knowledge (hall be duly proved in a Proceeding properly taken for that Purpofe.

XL1. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, or any One or more of them, as often as it (hall feem fit to him or them lo to do, by Warrant uoder his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to authorize ay Perfon or Perfons, with the Affiftance of a Magiftrate or any Pace Officer, in the Day time to enter into the Houfe or Habitat*# of any Perfon licenfed to fell Stamps as aforefaid, and if on Demand and Notice of fuch Warrant, the Door of the Houfe in which fuch Perfon (hall dwell, or any Inner Door thereof, fhall not be opened, then to break open the fame refpe&ively, and to fearch for, infped and examine



Google

I Si 2.

j 2* geo. in.

C. 126.

657

Perfons forging Dies;

or having Diet unlawfully in PoTeffion; •

ach (lamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, as (hall be in the wherein fuch Perfon {hall dwell, in order to fee whether the s thereon or any of them be forced ; and that it {hall and may ful to and for fuch Perfon and Perfons fo authorized as afore-rith the Afiiftance of a Magilbrate or Peace Officer, in the iroe to enter into the Houle or Habitation of fuch Perfon or is licenfed to fell Stamps, and if on Demand and Notice of .Varrant the Door of the Houfe in which fuch Perfon fhall or any Inner Door thereof, {hall not be opened, then with the nee, and in the Prefence of a Magillrate or Peace Officer, to open the fame refpe&ively ; and in cafe the faid Stamps or them fhall appear to be counterfeited or forged, then and in that 1 feize and carry away the fame.

II. And be it further enabled. That if any Perfon in any Part United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any of the lions thereto belonging, fhall counterfeit or forge, or caufe or e to be counterfeited or forged, any Type, Die, Mark or , to referable any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp at any time here-kept or ufed, or hereafter to be kept or ufed at the Head Office Commiffioners of Stamp Duties in Dublin, for denoting the ng or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matted to be damped, any of the Duties charged thereon by any r A&s which has been or fhall be at any time in force in Ire-ilthough fuch Adi or Adts may net be in force, or fuch Type, dark or Stamp may not be kept br ufed at the faid Head at the time of fuch forging or counterfeiting ; or if any Perfon Tons (fave and except fuch Perfon or Perfons as {hall be lawfully d to have and to ufe the fame, for the Purpofe of damping Vel-^rchment or Paper, by or under the Authority of the laid Com-iers of Stamp Duties for the time being) {hall have in his, her r Poffeffion any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp to refemble any Die, Mark or Stamp heretofore kept or ufed, or hereafter kept or ufed at the Head Office, for denoting the charging rking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter di-to be damped, any of the Duties fo charged or to be charged □ as aforefaid, although fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp not be then kept or ufed at the faid Head Office, or the Duty <1 thereby fhouid not be then payable in Ireland; or {hall mark or damping >refa, or caufe or procure to be marked or imprefled, on any Paper&c. un-n. Parchment or Paper, or other Matter which heretofore was kwlully; eafter fhall be dire&ed to be damped, any Device, Mark or flson which has been or fhall be ufed, kept or made at the Head aforefaid, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, ment or Paper, or other Matter or Thing fo directed to be ed, any of the Duties charged thereon by any A& of Parlia-which fhall be or {hall have been in force in Ireland at or before ne when fuch Mark or Device fhall have been fo ufed or kept ? faid Head Office, though fuch A61 or A6ls may not be in or fuch Device, Mark or Impreffion may not be ufed or kept ; (aid Head Office at the time of fuch Offence committed; or f Perfon fhall ufe, utter, vend or fell, or caufe to be ufed,

Af vended or fold, or fhall have in his or her Poffeffion with fc to ufe, utter, vend or fell the fame, any Vellum, Parchment spefr, or other Matter, with any counterfeit Device, Mark or

Impreffion



or ufing, or uttering, or having for Sale forged Stamps.

Google

C. i a 6.

A.D.i8a

or Sfimp Officer* or other Perfon* Itamp-ing Paper, &c. with lawful Dies without Autho rity of Com-miffioners.

firft Offence. Second Offence.

Licence*

45 G 3. c.50.

47 O.3. Scff. 2. c 12.

47 0.3.^eflr, x. t»3i.

52* GEO. III.

Impreflion thereupon, to refemble any Device, Mark or LapceSoa which has Keen or (hall be ufed, kept or made at the Held Office aforefaid for the Purpofes aforefaid, or any of them, though wl then ufed or kept for the faid Purpofes, or any of them, or though the Duty denoted thereby (hall not be then payable in Irelandy knowing fuch Device, Mark or Impreflion to be counterfeited; or if any Officer or Officers in the Employment of the Commiffionen of Stamp Duties, or any other Perfon or Perfons whatever, (hall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, mirk or imprefs, or caufe or procure to be marked or imprefled, or be aiding, ■ abetting or aflifting in marking or imprefling, or in caufing or pro- ' curing to be marked or imprefled, any Stamp, Mark or Impreffioa denoting any of the Duties aforefaid, on any Vellum, Parchment or 1 Paper not delivered to him or them by or by the Authority of the j faid Commiflioners of Stamp Duties, for the Purpofe of being (bmped | with any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp which has been or (hall be ufed, kept or made at the Head Office aforefaid, for the denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper any of the Duties charged or to be charged thereon by any Ad of Parliament, though fuch Type, Die, Mark or Stamp fhould not be then kept at the faid Head Office, or the Duty denoted thereby fhould not be then payable in Ireland; or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall, with Intent to defraud His Majelly, his Heirs or Succeffors, knowingly have in his, her or their PofTcflion any Vellum, Parchment or Paper fo fraudently ftamped or marked with any of the aforefaid Duties; then and in every of faid cafes, every fuch Perfon fo offending, aad being thereof duly convided, fhall be adjudged a Felon, and (hall, for the Firft of tne Offences aforefaid whereof he or (he Mbe

convided, be transported for the Term of Seven Yeare j and for m of the Offences aforefaid which he or (he (hall commit after fuck Convidion, fhall fuffet* Death as in cafes of Felony, without Bea& of Clergy.

XLIII. And, for the better regulating and fecuring the Pay- ” ment of the Stamp Duties on the feveral Licences fubjeCt to Stamp Duty, be it enaded, That, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, all Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquon by Retail in Ireland, (hall be granted in manner and under the Role* and Regulations preferibed and contained in an Ad made in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majcfty’s Reign, intituled A» Ad for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liqwi, Iffa, Beery Ale and Cyder, by Retaily and for dtfeouraging toe umdtrMi Ufe of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, as the fame is amended by 21 A6t made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to make further Regulations with refped to Luma for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland, aod by any fubfequent Ad or Ads in force at the time of the pa&g of this Ad, and that all Licences to Perfons in Ireland dealing a Excifeablc Commodities (hall be granted in manner anduwkrtk Rules and Regulations preferibed and contained in an Ad ode is the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, iattiiW An Ad to fecure the Payment of the Duties on Licences grantdti Ptr* fans in Ireland, dealing in Excifeable Commoditiesy as the fame u amended by any fubfequent Ad in force at the time of the palling •f this Ad: Provided always, that no Colledor of ExcifeorTaa

jbll



Google

A.Dulra.

ja* CEO. HI.

C. 124$.

<$59

hafl recehre any Duty payable on fuch Licences, nor (hall receive be Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of fuch Duty; but the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ire-iW, or any One of them, or any Perfon or Perfons appointed by he (aid Commiffioners, or by any Three of them, (hall and may and hey are hereby authorised, empowered and required to grant fuch uiceoces on Vellum, Parchment or Paper duly damped, with the }uty required by Law for any fuch Licence or Licences refpeftively,

0	any Perfon or Perfons who fliall refpeftively require the fame, ritbout Fee or Reward, in fuch manner and under fuch Regula-ions as the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes (hall from me to time order and direft, under or by virtue of the faid recited id of the Forty feventh Year aforefaid, or any Aft or Afts in force

1	Ireland at the time of granting fuch Licences refpeftively.

XL1V. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners Commiffioners f Stamp Duties or any One of them, and fuch Diftributors of may grant tamps in Ireland, in their refpeftive Di ft rifts, or fuch other Per- Licence*.

)n or Perfons as (hall be appointed for that Purpofe by the Com-tiifioners of Stamp Duties, (hall and may under his or their Hand r Hands grant any Licence or Licences on which any Stamp Duty or may be impofed by Law, and which (hall not by any Law be quin;d to be granted by any other Perfon or Perfons to any Per,, in or Perfons who (hall require the fame in Writing, and (hall be uly qualified for the fame ; and fuch Licence (hall be granted with-at Fee or Reward, on Payment of the Stamp Duty due thereon ; id that in all fuch Licences (hall be contained and fet forth the Pur- Particulars of afe of fuch Licence as hereinafter mentioned ; and alfo the Name or Lirenccsgranced. fames, and Place or Places of Refidence of the Perfon or Perfons > whom fuch Licence (hall be granted, the Date of iffuing the line, and the time for which the fame (hall be in force, in Manner id Form as may be from time to time direfted by the faid Com-iffioners of Stamp Duties for that Purpofe, and the Place or Places which the Bufinefs for which fuch Licence is granted is to be irried pn, fo far as the Nature of the Bufinefs (hall allow it to be mhned to any Place or Places capable at tbe time of being fpecified • deferibed.

XLV* And be it further enafted, That every fuch Licence to be Annual Conti-

anted under tbe Authority of the faid Commiffioners of Stamps nuance of

all have force from the Day of granting the fame, or from fuck Licences.

lay fubfequent thereto as (hall be mentioned in faid Licence, unto

id until the Twenty fifth Day of March next following the Day

1 which the faid Licence (hall fo begin to have force, and no

nger, unjefs oth?rwife particularly directed by any Aft of Parlia-

eot; but if fuch Licence (hall be granted to T wo or more Perfons,

id any or either of them (hall die before fuch Twenty fifth Day of

farcb next following, neverthelcfs fuch Licence (hall continue irt

rce for the Benefit of the Survivor or Survivors during the , time

ore [aid.

XLV1. And be it further enafted, That no Perfon in Ireland Unlicenfed Pe®* ull ufe, ejtercife or follow any Trade, Bufinefs, Occupation or fons exercifing 'aUing, on the Licence for the ufing or exercifing whereof a Stamp ^^cencau" )uty is impofed, without having previoufly taken out fuch Licence ms ,cencc*‘ uly damped, and in manner by Law direfted ; spid that eyery per- Penalty. m oflmding herein (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay Gbq. III.	U u	the

>ogle

66o

C.li6.

520 GEO. m.

A.D.1811.

Licences only to extend to Houles mentioned.

Indoifcment made on Licence.

the Sum of Forty Pounds, fave in fuch particular cafes wherein any other Penalty is or (hall be annexed to the (aid Offence by any Art or Afts of Parliament.

XLVII. And be it further enafted, That if any Licence dull at any time be granted by the Authority of the faid Comiriffioom of Stamp Duties to any Perfon or Perfons to fell Stamps, or any other Matter or Thing, or to carry on any Trade, Bufinefs, Profefimor Calling whatfoever, in any particular Houfe, Place or Diftrid oes* tioned in fuch Licence, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall not be thereby authorized or entitled to fell fuch Stamps or other Matter or Thrag, or to carry on fuch Trade, Bufinefs, Profeflion or Calling in set other Houfe, Place or Diftrift, but (hall, as to every fuch other Houfe, Place or Diftrift, be coufidered as unlicenied, and fubjedto all Pains and Penalties as fuch, fave as herein otherwife pirticobHy provided.

On Removal of XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That if the Perios Parties licenced, who (hall have obtained any fuch Licence (hall be minded to retnew from the Place mentioned in fuch Licence for carrying on fuch Bo> nefs, and to carry on the fame in any other Houfe in the fame City, Town or Town Land, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall aod nay be lawful to and for fuch Perfon to carry or fend fuch Licence to the faid Commiffioners or any of them, or to any Officer or Offices to be by them appointed for that Purpofe, or who (hall be ectkW to grant fuch Licence, who (hall indorfe the fame on the (aid I> cence j and thereupon and from thenceforth fuch Licence (hall be good, valid and effeftual, according to the Contents thereof, md the faid Indorfcment in the fame manner to all Intents and Purpcfn, as if fuch Houfe fo indorfed was mentioned in the Body of fuch Licence for carrying on fuch Bufinefs, and not otherwife; any thag in this Aft contained to the contrary in any wife not with Handing. XLIX. And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon who bor Licences on un- fhall be authorized or empowered to grant or iffue any Licence* ltamped Paper, which a Stamp Duty is or (hall be by Law impofed, (hall grant or iffue any fuch Licence on undamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not (lamped with the Stisp which is or (hail be by Law required, or in any other Manner (t Form than that which (hall be required by Law, or dirc&ed by dr faid Commiffioners, every fueli Perfon (hall, for every fuch Offerer, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds, and if Judgment (hall be entered againtt any Perfon on any Information for fuch Offence, foch Perfon (hall forfeit his Office, and (hall be for ever dilabled fro® being again appointed thereto.

L. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffiooeri cf Stamp Duties (hall caufe to be printed or written on every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, on which (hall be damped any of tIt Duties which are or from time to time (hall be by Law payable ia refpeft of any Licence, the Purport of fuch Licence, and tie tire for which it is to continue, and the Place or Places wherein it is 10 be of force, fo far as the fame can be dated.

LI. And be it further enafted, That no Perfon or Pedoos (lull Printing Prcfles. keep any Printing Prefs, or Types for printing in Ireland^ withoat fird taking out a Licence for that Purpofc from the (aid Conuaf-doners of Stamp Duties ; and that the (aid Commiffioners (hall bos time to time under their Hands and Seals grant fuch Licence tor

faejffig



Perfons i filling

Penalty.

Pnrpofe of Licenre Hated thereon.

Licences for

LD.iSil

Ci 25.

551

52° GEO. III.

eepiag Printing Prefles or Types, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as iali apply for the fame, and (hall have performed the Requilites hich fhall by any Law then in force in Ireland be nece(fary to be rrformed, previous to the granting thereof, which* Licence (hall ate the Houfe where fuch Prefs or Prefles, or Types, are to be ed ; and every Perfon or Perfons who (hall keep or ufe fuch Prefs, a Printing Prefs, or Types for printing, without having obtained ch Licence, or in any other Houfe fave the Houfe fo mentioned fucfc Licence, (hall forfeit fuch Printing Prefs and Types, and the Penalty, im of Forty Pounds.

LII. And be it further ena&ed, That no Pfcrfon or Perfons (hall Licence* for in-any time either publicly or privately infure or open or keep any faring from Fir* ffice in Ireland for infuriog Houfes, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Danger* at erchandize or other Property from Lofs by Fire, or for infuring oods, Wares or Merchandizes from the Danger of the Seas, or tier Perils at Sea, without having firft taken out, and continuing take out annually a Licence for that Purpofe from the faid Com-fliooers of Stamp Duties, in manner hereinafter mentioned, and ring fuch Licence in force at the time of making fuch Infurance, opening or keeping fuch Office.

LII I. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners Licences granted Stamp Duties for the time being, (hall under their Hands and Coinmiffion-als annually grant a Licence for infuring Houfes, Furniture, Goods, er#0^ Sui*P*» ares. Merchandize or other Property from Lofs by Fire; and alfo r infuring Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Danger of the as,. or other Perils at Sea, to all and every Body and Bodies Poli-:k or Corporate, or Perfon or Perfons applying for the fame ; which icence (hall fet forth the Name or Names and other Defcription of * Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Perfon or Perfons tak-l out the fame ; and alfo the Houfe or other Place where fuch ifinefs of infuring from Lofs by Fire, or from the Danger of the as, or other Perils at Sea, (hall at the lime of taking out fuch eence be principally carried on.

LIV. And be it further enabled, That where fuch Bufinefs of Licences to Car-

uring is or (hall be carried on by a Company confiding of a greater porations or

linber of Partners than Four, the Licence fo to be granted by the Parinwfa>P**

d Commiffioners or any of them in manner a/orefaid, (hall be

anted to fuch Two or more of fuch Company or Partners as and

■ the whole Company or Partnerihip as (hall be named to the

d Commiffioners under Authority from fuch Company or Part-

rlhip; and in every fuch cafe the Licence fo granted fhall continue

full force for the Benefit of fuch Company or Partnerihip, until

e regular time of Expiration thereof herein mentioned, notwith-

Luding the Deaths of the Perfons to whom fuch Licence (hall be

granted, or of either cr any of them/

LV. And be it further ena&ed, That all I nfu ranees .for infuring infur»»ees made oufes. Furniture, Merchandize or other Property from Lofs by in Ireland for ire, or from Danger of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, which BritHhCompa-all be made or effe&ed by any Perfons refident in Ireland, and ap-	*	V

oioted by tbe Corporation of the Royal Exchange A(Turanee in t0 or by the Corporation of London A durance, or either of icm, pr by any Company in Great Britain for infuring Property,

5 the Agents of fuch Corporations or Companies refpc&ively, (hall : fobjeft and liable only to tbe Duties which (hall from time to thno

Uu;	n	ke	t

vjOOQ 1C

66i

C.12 6.

A.D.1812.

infurances made in Ireland liable to Irilh Duty and Regulation;.

Britifh Court* to take judicial Notice of liilh lefurance Umps.

Perfons making Infurances not liceuied.

$2° GEO. m.

be payable on fuch Infurances in Ireland', and to no other Dotiet whatfoever, although the Policies by which fuch Infarraei fluH be made (hall be under the Common Seal of the faid Corporation* or Connpanies refpeftively, and although the fame (hall be coaphcd in the Whole or in Part previous to their being fent to fuch Agents is Ireland; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notimb-ftanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Infurances wbatewr, for infuring Property from Lofs by Fire, or from the Dangers of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, for which Subscriptions (hall be recall or Policies or Receipts (hall be delivered out, or refpe&ing which any other Matter or Thing (hall he done in Ireland, by any Perfai Or Perfons who (hall aft for or on Behalf of any Perfon or Perfow, cr for or on Behalf of any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate in Grot Britain, (hall be liable to all Duties made payable in refpe& of the feveral Infurances under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts which M from time to time be in force in Ireland, and that all and etrry Per-fon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate in Grtst Britain, and every Perfon or Perfons afting in Ireland for or on Be* half of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate in Great Britain, who (hall effeft fuch Infurances orcanfetk lame to be effcfted, (hail in refpeft of fuch Infurances be fubyeft td liable to all fuch Rules, Regulations, Reft rift ions. Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things as are or (hall be contained in wj Aft or Afts which (hall from time to time be in force in Inlni relating to Infurances by any Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bo<fie» Politic or Corporate, or their Agents, in Ireland.

LVII. And be it further enafted, That all Courts of Jnftkeiai Judges in Great Britain (hall, without Allegation or Proof ra tba Behalf, take judicial Notice of the feveral Types Marks and Stirapi which (hall from time to time be kept or ufed at the faid HeadOfict in Dublin, for damping or marking fuch Infurance or wherewith tb? fame may or ought to be (lamped, as and for the only true and lari*! Types, Marks and Stamps for the faid Purpofe, and that no fori Infurance (hall on any Pretence whatfoever be pleaded or giro a received in Evidence in any Court in Great Britain, oradowtudia any Court in Great Britain to be good or available iu Law or EqokT, unlefs the faid Vellum, Parchment or Paper whereon the flame (bail he fo written or printed (hall be duly (lamped.

LVII I. And be it further enafted, That all and every Poke and Perfons, and Body and Bodies Politic or Corporate, who now do Or hereafter (hall infure or let up or keep in Ireland any dice for infuring Houfes, Furniture, Goods, Wares Merchandize or other Property from Lofs by Fire, or for infuring Goods Wares or Mtr-chandize from the Dangers of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, without fuch Licence as aforefaid, or in any other Houfe or# Place cterpt the Houfe or Place to be named in luch Licence as aforeibit or fuch other Houfe or Houfes, Place or Places as (hall be fubordaate to the Houfe or Place fo to be named in fuch Licence, nnd he kept by fome Perfon or Perfons employed as Agent or Agents to fuck Body dr Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Perfon or Perfons baling fuch Licence as aforefaid, or in atiy other manner enr-trary to fkli Licence, or to the Intent aud Meaning of this Aft, or of any Ad if Afts which may from time to itme be i:i force in Ireland rdaiqga

k

>	Google

8ri.

Cl2(S.

, 52* GEO. HI.



[e to th* Colledion or Regulation of.Stamp Duties, (hall or every Day on which fuch Offence (hall be committed the Forty Pounds, and alfo Double the Amount of the Premiums Penalty, liuixi of Infurance which fuch Body or Bodies Politic or Cor-or other Perfon or Perfons (hall receive on any fuch Day jn oufe or Place.

. And, for the more effe&ual Prevention of Frauds to evade Agent* to us-ty on Infurance againft Lofs by Fire, or from the Danger of hcenfed Perfon*. s, or other Perils at Sea, be it further enaded, That if any >r Perfons (hall ad in Ireland as Agent or Agents for any or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in publicly1 tely infuring, or receiving Subscriptions for infuring, or deb-Mit Policies or Receipts tor Infurance from Lofs by Fire, or i Danger of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, except for fuch >r Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as (hall be ?nfed as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon (hall, for every fuch forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.	Penalty.

And be it further enaded. That all and every Perfon and Bond by Perfon* Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom any fuch l,ccnfc^10 •*>-as aforefaid (hall be granted, (hall at the time of receiving ure*

:ence give fuch Security with fufficient Sureties to be ap->f by the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, by Bond to efty, his Heirs and Succeffors, in fuch Sums refpedively as Commiffioners may think reafonable, having relped to the Amount of the Duty payable by fuch Body or Bodies Po-"orporate, or Perfon or Perfons refpedively for Half a Year, ndition that if fuch Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies r Corporate, (hall faithfully make out, fign and deliver aa : of all Monies received for fuch Duties upon Infurances, and truly make Payment of all fuch Sums of Money as (hall nd payable thereon, in fuch manner as (hall from time to time •cd by Law, and alfo do and (hall truly and faithfully obferve brm all the Diredions, Matters and Things then by Law , on his, her or their Behalf to be obferved and performed, id (hall be void, but otherwife (hall remain in full force.

And be it further enaded, That all and every Perfon and Duty demand Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, fo to be licenfed,

I grant any Policy of Infurance for infuring Property from ancc, °

Fire, or from the Dangers of the Seas, or other Perils at (hall continue to infure on any Policy, (hall by themfelves,

3ther Perfon or Perfon3 as are, is, or (hall be employed by or lem previous to the granting or continuing fuch Policy of e, demand and receive for the Ufe of His Majelty, Jiis Heiip ceflbrs, of and from the Perfon or Perfons for or on Behalf n fuch Lnfurance (hall be fo effeded, or his, her or their >r Agents, the Duty which (hall be then by Law payable op fo ranee, and fuch infurer (hall give a Receipt for the Duty Receipt, expreffing the Period for which the fame was fo paid, and rfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate (p \ fuch Policy, (hall in all cafes be accountable to His , his Heirs and Succeffors for (aid Duty, as if the fame ally been fo veceiwd.

1. Aml.be it further enaded. That bo Policy <rf Infurance Ships infuad ay Ship, or upon any Share or Iitfcreft therein, (hall be f<* 1* Mentha.

V □ 3	wade



664	C.I26.

A.D. iliv

5 2° GEO. III.

InCurtnce Cor.

Penalty.

made in Ireland for a certain Term longer than Tweto Calendar Months, and every Policy which (hall be made expreWv for aoy longer Term (hall be null and void to all Intents aud

LXIII. And be it further enaded, That all and every ^odf portions, &c. to and Bodies Politic and Corporate, or other Perfon or who

of InfurancULtS	^iave °^ta“1c^ a Licence for any Office of Infuranec, or who

urances*	receive or take anv Premium for Infuiance againft Lois by

Fire, or the Danger pf tfie Seas, or other Perils at Set, lhaB 6m time to time keep true and faithful Accounts in Writing, of the Number of every fuch Policy or Inttrument of Infurance which ta2 be iflued or granted or continued by fuch Body or Bodies PoSdc or Corporate, or Perfon or Perfons, as alfo of the Name or Nje« of the Perfon or Perfons infuring, and the Place or Places of his, her or their Abode, the Sum injured, and the time for which the fame (hall be fo infured, and alfo the Day of the Month and Yar in which every fuch Policy (hall be iflued, upon Pain of forfeiting for not keeping fuch Accounts, or for wilfully making any falfe Estry therein, or omitting therefrom any Entry which ought to be contained therein, the Sum of.Five hundred Pounds; which Accounts (hall at all times be open for the Infpe&ion of any Perfon or Ptr-foits duly authorized under the Hands and Seals or under the H»i • and Seal of One or more of the faid Commiffioners of Starfip Dutb to infpeft the fame, without Fee or Reward ; ami if any Peifon who «.	(hall have any fuch Account in his or her Power or Cuftody, (hill

not on Demand produce the fame, without Fee or Reward, to 27 ■ Perfon fo authorized, every fuch Perfon (hall, for every fuch Ofence, Penalty.	forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Accounts de- LXIV. And be it further cnaded, That all and every the Body liyered to Stamp an(j Bodies Politic and Corporate, and other Perfon and Wort ,'vnn"t	wh0 have any Licence for any Infqrancc Office in IrehitH, (tail

from time to time within the Space of Two Months after ever? Twenty fourth Day of June, Twenty ninth Day of Seftmh* Twenty fifth Day of December, and Twenty fifth Day of Mtr& and alfo at fnch other time and times as they (hall by Fourteen Day* previous Notice in Writing be required by the faid Commiflfown of Stamp Duties, or any of them, deliver or caufe to be delivered troe Copies of the Accounts hereinbefore directed to be kept by fuck licenfed Infurancc. Office or Offices, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or fuch other licenfed Perfon or Perfons refpe&ivejy fw the Quarter which (hall have been completed next before fuch Date?

. Delivery or Notice, as the cafe (hall be, and at the fame time fia2 pay all fuch Sum and Sums as (hall appear to be due on fuch Accounts, every fuch Delivery and Payment to be made as fo&ff rcfpe&ively ; that is to fay, if the Houfe named in the Lferflct of fuch Body or Bodies Politic or Coiyorate, or Perfon or Perfons fa conducting the Bufinefs of fuch Infurance (hall be in the Coautyof Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, then fuch Accounts &D be fo delivered to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be appofefcd to receive the fame at the Stamp Office in Dublin, and fuch ftprot {hall be made to the Receiver General for the time being, for rcceir* ing the faid Duties, at the faid Office; and if fuch Houfe (hall ben any other Part of Ireland, then fuch Accounts (hall be furnift^ aod fuch Payments made to the Diftribiitor or Diftributora of & PiftriCt in which fuch Houfe (hall be, or the ferfoa or Pflfc.

appoisU'i

v Google

Commiffioners and Duty paid quarterly.

*

lJ).i8i2,

C. 26.

66s

GEO. III.

ppointed by the faid Commiflioners to aft as Diftributor or Diftri-utors for the faid Diftrift, upon Pain of forfeiting for every De-lult in not delivering fuch Copies of the faid Accounts as afore-dd, the Sum of Forty Pounds, and for every Default in not paying Penalty.

\c Money due on the faid Accounts as aforefaid, Double the Amount f the faid Monies due on the faid Accounts refpeftively at the time f fuch Default.

JLXV. And be it further enafted, That ail and every Perfon and Allowance to ^erfons, and Bodies Politic or Corporate, fo to be licenfed as afore- I”^‘rcrs aid refpeftively, fhall be entitled to retain for their own Ufe, for Accoum*’ c* heir,Care anti Trouble in receiving the faid Duties and making out uch Accounts as herein direfted, after the Rate of One Shilling n the Pound out of the Monies by them accounted for and paid o the Receiver General or Diitributors, or Perfons afting as luch efpeclively, according to the Direftions herein contained.

LXVI. And be it further enafted. That every Deed, Inftrument, Policy offn-Mote or Memorandum, Letter, Muniment or Writing, for the Pay- furanctdefined, aent of any Sum of Money, or for making any valuable Compenfa-lion for or on the Lofs of any Ship or Vcflel, Goods, Monies or Effcfts, or upon any Lofs by Fire, or from any Lofs whatsoever from the Danger of the Sea, or other Perils at Sea, (hall be con-Urued, deemed and adjudged to be a Policy of Infurance within the Meaniug of this Aft, and of all Afts by which any Duty has been or (hall or may be hereafter impofed on fuch Policies of Infurance, uolcfs the contrary (hall be exprefsly provided.

LXVI I. And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiflioners Licences to No-of Stamp Duties for the time being nrjay, under their Hands and taries Public. Seals, grant a Licence to any Perfon to enable him to aft; as a Public Notary, and that no Perfon (hall aft as a Public Notaiy ip Ireland without having obtained fuch Licence for, that Purpole ; and that any fuch Perfon who (hall aft as a Public Notary in Ireland without having obtained fuch Licence, (hall, for every fuch 0(Fence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; provided however, that fuch Licence Penalty.

(hall not authorize or empower any Perfon to aft as fuch Notary Public, who (hall not be duly authorized and empowered fo to do.

1 LX VUE And whereas it hath been the Ctiftom for Fublic

*	Notaries to note Bills of Exchange fjr Non Payment or Non Ac-‘ ceptance, and PromifTory Notes for Non Payment, and not to

*	proteft the fame refpeftively in proper Form of Law, by which ‘ the Payment of the Duties upon fuel) noting or notarial Afts has

4 been or may be evaded For Remedy whereof, be it enafted, Notarial to keep

That every Public Notary in Ireland (hall once in every Two Months Accounts of

deliver or caufe to be delivered to the faid Commiflioners of Stamp

Duties in Ireland’, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or to lome Perfon pJoleiuJ °Q

authorized by them, or any One of them, to receive the fame there,

a faithful and true Account in Writing and upon Oath before the

Commiflioners of Stamp Duties, if fuch Notary (hall refide in the

Countv of Dublin., or County of the City of Dublin, or before a Juf- '

lice of the Peace if be (hall refide in any other Part of Ireland, of

fuch Bills of Exchange and Notes as aforefaid, which (hall have been

noted by fuch Public Notary fince the lad preceding Account fo

delivered by the faid Notary, or if no fuch Account (hall have beei\

fo delivered by him, then fince the obtaining of his Licence, and (hall

at the Line time pay unto, the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties

U u 4	the

v^ooQle

666

C.tz6.

LS.iln

Pewky.

Proof of Licence to lie on Party.

Law Sumps.

5 2* geo. in.

the Duty which would then by Law be payable fororkt^l&d every fuch Bill of Exchange or Note if protefted ; and k Public Notary (hall negled to account as aforefaid, or t Duties aforcfaid, every fuch Public Notar}’ (hall for every i gleet or Default in delivering a true Account of fuch do ’ tne Sum of Five hundred Pounds fdr every Default of I the Money due on fuch Account, and Double the Amove t Money due on fuch Account at the time of fuch Default.

LX1X. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any] tion or Proceeding (hall be had or commenced a gain 4 any for carrying on any Trade, Bufinefs, Profeflion or Calling, erd any Matter or Thing without having a Licence for £o doing I the Commiflioncrs or Stamp Duties m manner required by Ln,1 Proof that fuch Perfon has obtained fuch Licence duly f lie on the Party again ft whom fuch Profecution or Pr be had or commenced, and not on the Party complaining ; any 1 or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXX. And, for the better fecuring the Payment of the I Duties payable by Attornies, Solicitors and. Pro&ora, and a ceedings in Courts of Juftice in Ireland* be k ena&ed, Thai, I and after the Commencement of this A€t, every Perfoa to be f or admitted an Attorney in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Lao,] any Court of Record whatfoever in Ireland, or a Solicitor i Court of Chancery in Ireland, (hall, previous to fuch Adaufioal fuch Court, produce to the proper Officer to whom he (ball aa‘ be admitted an Attorney or Solicitor as aforefaid, a Certificate 1 under the Hand or Hands of fome Perfon appointed for that 1 pofe by the Commiffioners of Stamp Duties m Ireland for the^ being, dating that fuch Perfon has paid fuch Duty as (hall I by Law payable on fuch Admiflkm, and dating the Amount t which Certificate (hall be lodged with fuch Officer of evervt into which he (hall he admitted, and (hall remain in his Culc ‘ be examined by the (aid Commiflioncrs, or any of them, or I _ Officer by them appointed for tliat Purpofe, at any time they < (hall think fit *, and that every Perfon who (hall be bound a prentice to an Attorney in IreUndt (hall aKo obtain a written ( tlficatc from fome Perfon appointed for that Purpofe by the I Commiffioners, of his having paid the Duty which (hall be by 1 payable on fuch Indentures of Apprenticeftiip, at the time dFk ci!ting the fame, which Certificate (hall be lodged whh the pal Officer of the Court m which fuch Indentures (hall be inrolkd«| of the Court or One of the Courts to which the Mailer of I Apprentice (hall belong ; and the Officer or Officers of fuch ( is and are hereby required to take Charge of and keep fifdi C cate, fo that the fame may and (hall be produced and read is I Court before the Adraiflion of fuch Perfon to be an Atto produced to a Mailer of the Court of Chancery in Ireland* i he (hall be admitted and fvvorn a Solicitor as aforefaid; and f1 Perfon (hall be capable of pra&ifing as an Attorney or fpedlively in Ireland, unlcfs he (hall have paid the Stamp Stamp Duties, if any, which have been or (hall be by Law by him when bound an Apprentice, and when admitted asJ or Solicitor, at or previous to the time of his being idmfttrft 1 Attorney or Solicitor as aforefaid.

LXXI.A4



Google

i8ii*

geo. nr.

C.i 26.

#S7

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Attorney (halt prac- Attornie* not to his own Name, or in the Name of any other Attorney in any Pra^‘re excePl

» Majesty’s Courts of Law, or in any Court of Record what-	whcrt

in Ireland, in which Attornies are admitted, except only in 2<mrt or Courts in which he fhall adlually have been admitted rom an Attorney, on Pain of the Perfon fo pra&ifing being ed incapable of being fvfrorn or pra&ifing as an Attorney or tor in any Court ih Ireland; and every Attorney who fhall fo fe in any Court in which he fhall not have been admitted and an Attorney, fhall be difabled from recovering the Cofts of ■oceedings carried on by him in any Court.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon admitted, ArtnudOenifi* enrolled or regiftered as a Solicitor or Attorney, or as a

r, Agent or Procurator in any of His Majefly’s Courts in tttWa>*

, or tu any Ecclefiaftical Court, or in any Court of Admiralty and, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings or more, fhaH ly before the Firfl Day of January, during fuch time as he antrnoe to praftife in any of the faid Courts, or if not before d Day, then before fuch Perfon fhall commence, carry on or any A&ion or Suit, or any other Proceeding whatfoever m F the faid Courts, deliver or caufe to be delivered to^the faid iffioners of Stamp Duties, or to any Officer or Officers ap-d by them for that Purpofe, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, cror Note in Writing, containing the Name and ufual Place jdence of fuch Perfon, and ftating whether he has been fo ed Three Years or not, and thereupon, and upon Payment of utics which fhall then be by Law impofed on him as fuch or, Attorney, Pro&or, Agent or Procurator, according to the e has been admitted, as dated in fuch Paper or Note in Writ-very fuch Perfon fhall be entitled to a Certificate duly damped, ote the Payment of the faid Duty by him, deferibing him in Certificate according to the Defcription contained in tlie faid fo given in by him, which Certificate the faid Commiffioners, b Perfon or Perfons as fhall be appointed by them for that fir, (hall caufe to be immediately iffued Under the Hand and of the proper Officer, in fuch Manner and Form as the faid tiffioners fhall devife.

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That every fuch Certificate Certificate* hi to any Solicitor or Attorney, Proftor, Agent or Procurator, force to ift the Directions of this Ad, fhall bear Date on the Day on *anuafy

the fame fhall be iffued, and (hall commence and be of force 1 from the Day of iffuing the fame, or on and from the Firfl if January next following, according as the Perfon obtaining ate fhall defire \ and every fuch Certificate (haH ceafe and detfcr-on tlie Firfl Day of January next after the Day on which the (hall fo commence and be of force.

CXIV. And be it further enadted, That every Certificate fo to Entry of Cert*

tamed as aforefaid Ihall be produced in One of the Courts m on Rolb.

t the Perfon deferibed therein fhall be admitted, enrolled, fwom Court*

jittered, to fome Officer or Officers of the faid Coart, to be

ated for that Purpofe by the Judges of the find Courts rcfpcc-

f, either before the Firit Day of Hilary Term in each Year, or

erthe faid Firft Day of Hilary Term, then before fuch Atton-

Google

C.I26.

A.D.i8n.

668

52’ GEO. III.



Atomics prac-tifing without Cpriiticate.

Penalty*

FilingWarrants of Attorney to appear.

Penalty.

Filing Warranti in Eccletiaftical or Admiralty Courts.

rey, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator (hall be permitted to praftife as aforefaid ; and every fuch Officer fo to be appointed ffiall and he is hereby required from time to time upon the Production of fuch Certificate duly ilamped, and upon the Payment of the Fee of One Shilling, to enter in its Order alphabetically the Name of the Perfon described in fuch Certificate, together with the Place of fodi his Refidence, and the time he has been admitted as aforefaid, and the Date of fuch Certificate, in a Book or Roll to be prepared for that Purpofe, to all which Books or Rolls in the faid Courts refpec-tively, all Pcrfons (hall and may at all feafonable times have free Accefs without Fee or Reward.

LXXV. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the bid Fird Day of Hilary Term in each Year, any Perfon who (hall in h:i own Name or in the Name of any other Perfon or Pcrfons, foe cm any Writ or Procefs, or commence, profecute, carry on or defend aor A&ion or Suit, or any Proceedings as an Attorney or Solicitor, Prodtor, Agent or Procurator in any of the Courts aforefaid, without having obtained fuch Certificate which (hall be then in force, and caufed the Matters therein dated to be entered in One of the Courts in fuch manner as hereinbefore is dire&ed, or (ball deliver ia to the Commifiioners of Stamp Duties, or to the Officer to be appointed by them for the Purpofe of iffuing, granting or regiflcritg fuch Certificate, any falfe or fictitious Place of Refidence, or ai»y falfe or fi&itious Statement of his having been admitted an Attorney, Solicitor, Prodtor, Agent or Procurator, or of the time when he (hall have been/o admitted, every fuch Perfon for every fuch Q&rjct (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and (hall hr and is hereby made incapable to piaintain or profecute any A&ioo c: Suit in any Court of Law or Equity for the Recovery of any Fee, Reward or Difburfement on account of profecuting, carrying os or defending any fuch Action, Suit or Proceeding.

LXXV I. And be it further ena&ed. That no Declaration, Plea or Demurrer in any Action or Suit at Law in any of Hi8 Majcfty*! Courts of Record in Ireland,, nor any Bill or Anfwcr, Plea or Demurrer in any Court of Equity in Ireland, (hall be received or filed, unlefs the Attorney or Solicitor tendering the fame to be filed (hail, at or before the time he (hall fo tender the fame to the Officer of the Court with whom the fame ought to be filed, depofit with fuch Office: the Warrant empowering him to profecute or defend fuch Suit or Adlion, which Warrant luch Officer (hall without Fee or Reward file and keep in his Office; and if any Officer of any fucb Court dull receive any of fuch Pleadings without fuch Warrant having been fo depofited with him, he (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds with Cods of Suit, to any Perfon who (hall fue for the fame in any of His Majesty’s fuperior Courts in Dulla.

LXXV1J. And be it further ena&ed, That no Monition, ocr any Procefs or Mandate to require the Appearance of any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, in any Suit, (hall ifi'ue or pafs the Seal of any Ecclefiafiipal Court, or of the Court of Admiralty in Irdaul, oor (hall any Appearance be received or entered in any Suit in my of the faid Courts, unlefs and until the Prodtor who (hall iffue fudi Prccefs or Mandate, or who (hall enter fuch Appearance, (hall have firft filed, or caufe to i>e filed with the proper Officer of the Court who (hall iffue fuch Procefs or Mandate, or (hall enter or file fuch Appearance

7	a	Warn:



Google

A.D.1811/	5*rGE0.	III.	669

a Warrant of Attorney duly damped from the Pcrfoti or Perfons at whofe Suit or on whofe Behalf luch Procefs or Mandate (hull fo iffue, or fuch Appearance (hall be entered, empowering fuch Prodtor to iflue fuch Procefs or Mandate, or to enter fuch Appearance, as the cafe may be.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enadled, That in cafe the Provifo in caft Party by whom any fuch Warrant of Attorney ought to be executed jJAhfcnee of (hall be out of Ireland, the Attorney, Solicitor or Prodlor fo profecut- ^,eQ^* ing or defending the fame, (hall be received fo to profecute or defend the fame, in all cafes in which he would be fo received if this A& had not paHed, but not otherwife, on his making an Affidavit before the proper Officer, which faid Officer is hereby empowered to adminifter, that his Client is out of Ireland as he verily believes, and on paying the Duty which (hall be then payable on fuch Warrants of Attorney refpedtively, of which the faid Officer is hereby dire&ed to keep an Account, as he is alfo required to pay over the fame to the proper Officer for receiving Stamp Duties.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it enadled, That nothing herein Exception at to contained (hall extend to oblige any Attorney to enter or file a War- Judgments by rant of Attorney in any Proceeding to Judgment by Cognovit Cqg“ori*f**v ylQionem dn any Bond or Bill* or on entering Satisfaction on any Judgment or Recognizance.

LXXX. And be it further enaded. That if any Attorney, or Attemie*, &c. Solicitor, or any Pro&or in any Ecclefiadical or Admiralty Court not P*yin8. of Ireland, (hall charge to Or receive from the PlantifF or Defendant promovant or impugnant in any Suit, or any other Pcrfon what- r*e foever, the Amount of any Stamp Duty, and (hall not have a&ually made ufe of or ifiued or filed the Warrant, Writ, Monition, Procefs,

Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Indnpxient or Proceeding for which fuch Charge (hall be made, or fuch Amount (hall be received, duly damped with the Duty which (hall be payable thereon at the time of fo uiing, ifluing or filing the fame, fuch Attorney, Solicitor or Pro&or (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sura of One hun- Penalty, dred Pounds.

LXXXI. And be it further entded, That where any Bill of Charge by Skin Cods in any of His Maiedy’s Courts of Chancery or Exchequer in for Jiquity Ireland, in which there (nail be any Charge or Charges for drawing P,^dinss or for engroffing on Parchment any Bills, Anfwers or other Equity ^ if s!!»ra vu* Pleadings, in the faid Courts refpcCtively, which (hall be engroffed and Cofb taxed pr written, or filed in either of the faid Courts, (hall be taxed, the in Chancery 4 Officer who (hall tax fuch Bill of Cods (hull tax the Charges for accordingly, •drawing and engroffing fuch Bills, Anfwers and other Pleadings refpedtively fo as not to exceed the ufual Charge by the Skin, according to the Number and Amount of the Stamps actually appearing on fuch Pleading ; and fuch Officer if the Bill of Cods to be taxed be in a Caufe in the Court of Chancery, (hall fignify at the Foot of fuch Bill of Cods* that the Number and Amount ot Stamps appearing on the Pleadings mentioned therein hath been certified to him by toe Mader or Keeper of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery or uis Deputy ; and if fuch Bill of Cods be in a Caufe in the Court of Exchequer, the Officer who (hall tax the fame (hall fignify at the Foot of Inch Bill that he* hath infpeded the Ingroffment of the Pleadings mentioned in. fuch Bill of Cods; and in cafe fuch Officer fefpe&ivcly who (hall tax fuch Billqf Coffs as ^fojefaid, (hall neglefh ’	or



A.D.iSa

Penalty.

Mdter,*c.

Penalty.

If Two Skint in the Whole.

Charge on Copie* of Affidavits

Penalty.

AfSrfartM damyed on each Side.

Tranfciipts of Record* in lix-chequer Chamber.

Records &c. written in uiual way.

C.12 6.	52* geo.	in.

or refute to apply to the Clerk of the Rolls for fucb Certificate m aforefaid, or to infpe6t the Engroflment of the Pleadings notaaed in fuch Bill of Cods, or (hall negledt or refufe to tax the Chargafor drawing or engroiling fuch Bills, Anfwers or other Pleading! in manner hereinbefore dire&ed, every fuch Officer fo negle&mg or refuting refpe&ively as aforefaid, (hall forfeit' for every fuch Nejpeft or Refufal the Sum of Ter. Pounds; and in cafe the Matter, or Keeper or Keepers of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery, or hh or their Deputy, (hall negleft or refufe to infpe£t and certify the Non-ber and Amount of Stamps appearing on every fuch Pleadings! aforefaid to the proper Officer of fuch Court, upon being applied to by him for that Purpofe, fuch Matter, or Keeper or Keepers of tke Rolls, or his or their Deputy, (hall, for every fuch Negle& or Rcfufil forfeit in like manner t!>e Sum of Ten Pounds; which (aid (even! Forfeitures, together with the Cofts of recovering the fame, AoH be enforced in a fummary way upon Motion by Order of the (aid Court* of Chancery or Exchequer, upon Complaint made to them respectively again ft any Officer who (hall be guilty of any fuch Neglettor Refufal, and (hall enure to His Majesty, his Heirs and Sncoe&n.

LXXXII. Provided always, That nothing hi this A6k contriwd (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to the Charge to be made for engroffing any Bill, Anfwer or other Pleading in Equity, the whole Contents t f which (hall not amount to the Number of Two thoo&ad one hundred and fixty Words.

LXXXII I. And be it further ena&ed. That every Copy of every Affidavit which (hall be read in any Court whatever in IreUmdy ffistt be engrofted or written in fuch manner as that the Quantity of Writing contained in any One Sheet or Piece of Paper (hall not be deeaed more than One Sheet, according to the manner in which the Often* of the Courts in which fuch Affidavit (hall be refpe&rvely filed, chap by the Sheet for fuch Affidavit ; and if any Officer of any Court feB charge or demand for the Quantity of Writing contained m any Ok Sheet or Piece of Paper on which any Copy of fuch Affidavit (hall be written, more than the Fees to which he (hould be entitled for One Sheet, according to the Courfe of the Court in which fuch Affidavit (hall be filed, be (hall for every fuch Charge fo made or demanded, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, with Treble Cofts of Suit, to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall fue for the fane.

LXXXIV. And be it further ena&ed. That where more tks One Side or Page of any Sheet of Paper (hall be Ramped or asked with the Duties which (hall then be by Law charged on Paps 00 which fuch Copy of an Affidavit (hall be written, each Side or frge fo marked or (lamped (hall be deemed a feparate Sheet or Piece of Paper within the Intent and Meaning of this A£t, and of every Ad by which any Stamp Duty has been orfball be imposed, adds the contrary fhali be exprefsly declared.

LXXXV. And be it further ena&cd. That every Record ur Tranfcript of Records to be brought into the present Court of Exchequer Chamber in I/'eiand, (ball, when copied for the Ja^ges or others, be copied in like manner as in the former Court of qrter Chamber in IrelandL

LXXXVI. And be it furtherenabled, That aS Records, Writs, Pleadings «nd other Proceedings in the Courts of Law and Eqrifcy, sod Ecclefiaftioal Courts, Courts of AricmrJtt y, wad oil other Conns

id

fcL



12*

C. 126.

520 GEO. III.

671

aod all Office Copies thereof refpe&ively, which (hall from wne be charged with any Stamp Duty, (hall be engrofled or n fuch manner as they ufually have been accuftomed to be (ave as herein otherwife mentioaed, or as (hall be provided by which may hereafter be paffed.

XVII.	And be it further ena£ted, That every attefted Copy Attefked Copies Interrogatory or Interrogatories, or Depcfition or Depofi- ofDep^ition*. the Court et Chancerv, or in the Equity Side of the Court &c* m "I01*?* equer, lhall be figned by the Examiners of the (aid Courts

ely, and every fuch Examiner (hall (late and appoint in Writ-;e Foot of every fuch atteded Copy, whether the fame is to by or on the Part of any Complainant or Plaintiff, or by or ‘art of any Defendant iu the Suit in which fuch Inteiroga-Depofitions (hall have been taken ; and it (hall not be lawful *uch Complainant or Plaintiff to read or give in Evidence any any fuch Interrogatories or Depofitions which (hall be fo d to be read on Behalf of any Defendant in fuch Suit, nor Defendant to read or give in Evidence any fuch Copy which fo appointed to be read on Behalf of the Complainant, unlefs refpe&ively (hall be doubly damped ; any Law, Ufage or to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That whenever any Number of

>f any Court of Law or Equity, in Ireland, (hall make out S*1®*15 mvksd

'.r any attefted Copy of any Pleading or Proceeding of any

or Kind whatever in fuch Court, fuch Officer (hafl, in the

which Entry (hall be made of any fuch Pleading or Proceed-

k in Figures the Number of Office Sheets of which fuch

tall conM, and (hall in like manner mark on the Back of

ch Copy the Number of Office Sheets contained therein.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That every Officer or Signing Writs longing or that (hall hereafter belong to the Court of King’s ArreftL Court of Common Pleas, or Law Side of the Court of Exin Ireland, who (hall (ign any Writ or Procefs before Judg-

arreft any Perfon or Perfons thereupon, (hall at the time of thereof fet down upon fuch Writ or Procefs the Day and fignkg the fame, which (hall be entered upon the Remem-loH, or in the Book wherein the Abftra& of fuch Writ or (hall he entered, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds P«why. f Offence or Negle& of fuch Officer or Clerk as aforefaid.

And, for the more conveniently afeertaiuing the Duties on nd Orders to be from time to time made and given in Caufes ig in the feveral Courts in Ireland, the Rules of which are from time to time he fubje& to any Stamp Duty, be it eaa&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Officer or Stamping Rule of each and every fucli Court refpe&ively, having the legal Books of Courts, of the Rule Books belonging thereto refpe&ively, within y» after the la ft Day of each and every Term, to produce ig fuch Rule Books to the proper Officer, to be appointed laid Commiffionera of Stamp Duties for that Purpofe at the if the (aid Commtffioners ia Dublin ; and fuch Officer or Offi-ll infert in each and every fuch Rule Book, immediately after Rule entered therein, at the time of producing the fame, a ate duly (igned by fuch Officer or Ofheers of the faid Courts vely, dating the Number of Rules and Orders of fnch Courts

rcfpcc-

Google



6-jl

C. *26.

A.D.1812.

jij GEO. III.

Penalty.

Stamp* on Precedes to enforce Appearance.

Penalty.

Scamping Judgments by Cognovit or other-vile.

Penalty,

refpe&iwely made or entered in fuch Rule Books in fuch preceding Term and Vacation 5 and fuch Officer or Officers (hall thereupoe p«y the full Amount of all fuch Stamp Duties as (hall be then by Lav payable for or in refpeft of fuch Rules or Orders refpe&ively, sad the faid Rule Books ffiall thereupon be ftamped with (otne Stamp or Stamps denoting the full Amount of the whole of the Stamp Doties, which (hall be then payable in refpeft of the federal Rules fo made, and entered in fuch preceding Term or Vacation, which Stamp or Stamps (hall be as few in Number as (hall be requifite to Ihew the Amount of Duty fo paid in Pounds, Shillings and Pence, and fha& be placed in the lame Page on which the Certificate of fuch Ofkxr or Officers (hall be written as aforefaid 5 and if any Officer of tor of the faid Courts (hall negledfc or omit to bring fuch Rule Book or Rule Books, or to furnilh fuch Certificate or Certificates, or ptf fuch Duties as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe, every (och Officer (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Poundt, and in fuch cafe, wnenever afterwards fuch Book (hall be pnxfoced at the faid Stamp Office, if fuch Certificate (hall not appear therein, the proper Officer at the faid Office (hall himfelf make the {aid Cm tificatc, and on Payment of the Duties appearing thereby to be due, the faid Book (hall be duly ftamped as aforefaid.

XCI. And be it further enafted, That all Prooefs which (haft be entered or obtained to enforce the Appearance or Appearancei of any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Law or Equity ii Ireland, or to enforce the Anfwer or Anfwers of any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Equity in Ireland, (hall be engrofledaad made out upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper ftamped with the Duty which (hall be then payable upon fuch Proccfs; and in cafe the Officer or Officers who (hall enter or caufe fuch Procefs to be entered a9 aforefaid, ffiall neglect to have fuch Procefs made out as afore* foid, he and they (hall for every fuch Negle& forfeit to His Majcfty, his Heirs and Succeffors, the Sum of Ten Pounds, which Stun fa! be enforced in a fummary way upon Motion, by Order of the Coort in which fuch Procefs (hall be entered, together with the Cods of fo recovering the fame.

XCII. And be it further ena&ed, That the Payment of the Stamp Duty on all Judgments (hall be denoted in manner here following refpe&ively ; that is to fay, the Payment of the Duty which m from time to time be payable on Judgments upon Cognovit AB'ma (hall be denoted by the proper Stamp for every fuch Judgment it-fpe&ively being ftamped on fuch Cognovit, and the Payment of the Duty which (hall from time to time be payable on all other Judgments whatfoever in Ireland, (hall be denoted in manner following; that is to fay, a fmall Piece or Bit of Parchment whereon iluObt written the Title of the Caufe and the Day of marking Judgment therein (hall be ftamped with the proper Stamp for every fuch Judgment refpedtively, and fuch Piece of Parchment fo ftamped (hall be filed in the proper Court on the File of the Pleadings thereof, ad thereupon every fuch Judgment (hall be deemed and taken to be duly ftamped to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and any Officer or Officers who (hall negle6\ or omit to obtain fuch Piece ot Parchment properly ftamped for any fuch Judgment, and to file the fame at aforefaid, fnall for every fuch Negle& or Omiilion forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.



Google

XCIII. Pro.

A.D. 1812.	52®	GEO.	III.	C. 126.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That the proper Officer of the Court on receiving from the Perfon bringing any fuch Cognovit the Amount of the Stamp Duty payable thereon, fhall and may receive and file the fame as if damped, and (hall within One Calendar Month next after fuch filing bring or fend the faid Cognovit and the Amount of faid Duty to the Head Office in Dublin to be damped, and thereupon fuch Cognovit fhall and may be damped with the proper Stamp within One Calendar Month next after the fame fhall have been 10 filed, without Payment of any Penalty or other Sum Cave only the faid Duty fo payable thereon, but no Difcount fhall be allowed thereon; and every Perfon concerned in the engrofling, figning or filing the fame, fhall be exempt from all Penalties on account thereof 5 and if any fuch Officer fhall negle& or omit to bring or fend fuch Cognovit and the Amount of fuch Doty to the Head Office in Dublin, within One Calendar Month after the fame fhall have been fo filed, he fhall for every fuch Negle& orOmiffion forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XCIV. And be it ena&ed, That a Book fhall be kept in every Court in Ireland by the proper Officer for marking Judgments therein, in which Book fhall be entered within Seven Days next after the marking of any Judgment which fhall be marked in fuch Court after that time, a Minute or Memorandum of the Entry of fuch Judgment, dating the Names of the Parties in the Caufe, and the Day of the marking of fuch Judgment, and alfo the Day of making luch Entry, and whether the faid Judgment was duly damped as aforefaid or not, and fuch Entry or a Copy thereof duly atteded and compared, or any fuch Entry which before the Expiration of the faid Period of One Calendar Month fhall have been duly made in like manner under any Law then in force, or fuch Copy thereof, fhall be taken as Evidence that fuch Judgment was duly damped or the contrary, at the time of making fuch Entiy ; and if any fuch Officer (hall omit to keep fuch Book or to make fuch Entry therein relative to any fuch Judgment, within the faid Period of Seven Days after marking the fame refpe^tively, or fhall make any fuch Entry falfely, every luch Officer fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XCV. And be it further enafted. That no atteded Copy of any final Judgment which fhall be entered in Ireland, lhall be given or Teccived in Evidence, unlefs the Officer atteding the fame fhall certify not only that the fame is a true Copy of luch Judgment, but that fuch Judgment has been duly damped as aforefaid refpe&ively; and if any Officer fhall certify tne fame falfely, he fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XCV I. Provided alfo, and be it ena£ted, That if any Perfon or Perfon3 fhall be arreded by virtue of any Writ or Procefs of any of His Majcdy’s Courts of Record in Dublin at the Suit of any Common Perfon, and the Sheriff or other Officer fhall take Bail from fuch Perfon againlt whom fuch Writ or Procefs fhall iflue, and the Sheriff or other Officer at the Requed and Cod of the Plaintiff in fuch A£lion or Suit, or of his lawful Attorney, (hall duly affign to the Plantiff in fuch A&ion or Suit the Bail Bond or other Security taken from fuch Bail by Endorfen^ent according to Law, and aHb when and fo often as it fhall becomb neceffary for any Shc-rifforothcr Officer in Ireland, having Authority tQ grant Replevins,

to



*73

One Month allowed for Judgments by Cognovit not damped.

Penalty.

Book for entertaining Memorandum of marking Judgments by Officer.

Penalty. Certificate of Judgments damped.

Penalty. StampingAffign-ment of Bail Bonds after Execution thereol.



A.D.1I1V

Affidavits for grounding Presentments.

Stamping Ad-mifiiona into Corporations.

Penalty.

tfpeftion of o'pornte Books 1 Stamp Hiceis.

5^ geo. in.

to affign apy Bail Bond of aoy Plaintiff in Replevin to the AffnvaoC or Defendant in fuch A&km, then and in every of the (aid cafe* fuch Aflignment may be made without any Stamp; provided however that no A&ion (hall be brought under any fuch AfEgmseot tmtil the fame (hall have been firft duly (lamped with fuch Stamp a» (ball be then by Law required for fuch Aflignment; and the (aid fcvoil Alignments (hall on Application at the Head Office in D*i&s, at any time before any Adion be brought thereon.be duly Ramped k fuch manner as (hall be then required by Law, without Payment of any Penalty or other Sum fave only the Duty which (hau be then payable thereon*

XCVII. And be it further enaded, That no Affidavit made (or the Purpofe of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grad Jury for railing Money for Repair of Roads or for any other public Purpofe (hall be lodged with or receiyed by the Secretary of aay Grand Jury, nor (hall be entered in any Schedule delivered to any Grand Jury, nor (hall any fuch Affidavit be delivered by him to, or laid by him before any Grand Jury, unlefs fuch Affidavit (haft be written on Paper damped with the Stamp which (hall be the* by Law required for the fame, nor (hall any Affidavit for accounting for any Money presented by any Grand Jury to be laid before toy Grand Jury by the Secretary be read in Court, or authorize the Court to difeharge any Quere, unlefs it (hall be written on Paper duly damped.

* XCVIII. And whereas the Payment of Stamp Duties impofe!

‘ on the Admiflion of Freemen and others into Corporations, Gaddi * or Companies in Ireland has been and may be evaded ;* Be it therefore enaded, That it (hall be lawful for every Body Politic or Corporate, Corporation, Guild or Company in Ireland» which (haO admit any Pet ion or Perfons into any luch Corporation, Guild or Company by themfelves, or by fome rerfon or Perfons employed by fuch Corporation, Guild or Company, and they are hereby require! previoufly to the Admiflion of any fuch Perfon into fuch Corporaboi or Company, to demand and receive for the Ufe of His Maje&y, his Heirs and Succeffors, of and from the Perfon fo admitted, the feveral and refpedive Stamp Duties which (hall be then by Law payable on the Entry, Minute or Memorandum of Admiflion of (ach Perfon into fuch Corporation, Guild or Company 5 and the Towt Clerk, or Clerk or other Officer of fuch Body Politic or Corporate, Corporation or Company, (hall make an Entry, Minute or Memo, randum of fuch Admiflion, upon the proper Stamp, in fome Book, Roll or Record of fuch Corporation or Company, within One Month after fuch Perfon (hall be fo admitted into luch Corporation or Company ; and if fuch Town Clerk, Clerk or other Officer (hall ncglcd or refufe fo to do, he (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every fuch Corporation, Guild or Company (hall be anfwerablc for all fuch Duties, without any Proof of the fame having been fo received, or whether the (any* rdpedwefy (hall have been fo received or not.

XC1X. And be it further enaded, That any and crery Tnta Clerk, Clerk or other Officer who fhali from time to time hare in his Cuilody any Public Book, File, Record, Remembrance, Docket or Proceeding, the Sight or Knowledge whereof may tend to the feett* ring -any of His Majcfly’s Stamp Duties, which now are or (b*U

at



Google

5a0 GEO. ill.

Ci 2 6.

67J

ime be by Law payable in Ireland, or to the Proof or Dif-F any Fraud or Omiffion in relation thereto, or to any of all at all feafonable times permit any Officer or Perfon > authorized by the Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, or any ’ them, to infpedt and view all fuch Books, Files, Records, ranees. Dockets and Proceedings as aforefaid, without Fee rd, and to take thereout fuch Notes and Memorandums as leceflaiy for the Purpofes laft mentioned, without tee or i and if any Town Clerk, Clerk or other Officer (hall refufe I fo to do upon Demand made by fuch Officer or Perfon ized as aforefaid, fuch Town Clerk, Clerk or other Officer ig or negle&ing, (hall, for every fuch Refufal or Neglect, id pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.	Penalty,

id, for the better fecuring the Payment of Stamp Duties Bills, Notes and Notes and Receipts by Bankers and others in Ireland, be it R*ece,i,ts*

That, from and after the Commencement of this A6t, the 1m for which any Receipt (hall be given in Ireland (hall be prefled in fuch Receipt, unlefs the fame (hall have the Stamp eceipt in full of all Demands5 and all Perfons who (hall aufe to be given in Ireland any Receipt or other Difcharge a lefs Sum (hall be expreffed than the Sum a&ually received,

Intent to evade any of the Duties which (hall be then pay-ueh Receipt or Difcharge, or (hall divide or caufe to. be di-e Sum a&ually paid into divers Receipts, or (hall by any Acknowledgement or Ufe of the Words u Settled’9 or * or “ By Caffi” or u Entered,” or by fuch like or any other r Words, or by any Signature or Initials, or by any other Letters or Marks intended to anfwer the Purpofes of a Re-r to denote that the Money for which a Receipt ought to be s been paid, or by any means endeavour to evade any. of the rhich (hall be then payable on Receipts, or be guilty of or id in any fraudulent Contrivance whatever to evade any of the .ics, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending, (hall, for every fuch forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.	Penalty,

kud Be it ena&ed, That no Receipt (hall be received in Evi- Receipts not a Difcharge, or as any Proof of the Payment of any Sum in full illy exprefied and fpecified therein, unlels fuch Receipt (hall proper Stamp for a Receipt in full of all Demands.

And be it further enadted, That all Duties which (hall at Duty on Not^t be charged on Bills of Exchange, Promiffory Notes, Drafts, and Rc*ce.‘Pts W Receipts, (hall unlefs otherwife exprefsly provided, be wbom P4^* the Perkin or Perfons giving the fame refpedtiveiy : Prows, that if any Perfon (hall on paying any Sum of Money Receipt in full of all Demands, the Perfon fo requiring the be liable fo pay to the Perfon giving the fame the Dif-any) between the Duty payable in refpect of the Sum fo » and a Receipt in full of all Demands : Provided alfo.

Receipt or other Difcharge given by any Officer of the >n Paymynt of Money for or on account of any Duty on Houles in refpedt of Hearths or Windows, or on Coaches	J

Carnages, or on Horfes, or on Male Servants, (hall be ‘ printed*, or written and printed on the proper Receipt ttrding to the Amount of the Sum to be paid; and that '*Q. III.	X	x	the



Google

6j6

C.12 6.

52® GEO. Ill,

A.D. llu

Receipt Sump tendered as Part of Money paid.

Refuting to give Receipt.

Penalty.

Clerk fign'mg Receipts un-ftamped.

Penalty*

Specific Stamps required for Bank and Bankers Notes.

the Duty on every fuch Receipt (hall be paid by the Perfon to whom fuch Receipts (hall be given by the Officers of the Revenue.

CUT. And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons who (hall have Occalion to pay any Sum of Money to any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, whether for hndelf, herfelf or themfelvcs, or for any other Perfon or Perfon* whoever, to bring and tender as Part of the Sum fo to be paid, a Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, of fufficient Size, and duly ftamped with the proper Stamp denoting the Duty payable on a Receipt far fbch Sum, and to require a Receipt thereon, or on fome other Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper duly ftamped ; and thereupon tie faid Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper fo tendered (hail be received in the Payment of fuch Sum as if tne fame were lawful Money to {he Amount of fuch Duty, and the fame (hall be a good Tender to that Amount.

CIV. And be it enafted, That every Perfon receiving Payment in Ireland, either by Money, or by any Bill or Bills, Draft or Drafts, Cheque or Cheques, Note or Notes, or other Security or Securities for Money, who (hall, upon Demand* refufe to give a Receipt for the fame, (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Cv. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon in Inland h the Employment of another or others (hall, for the Ufe of his Employer or Employers, whether in the Name or Names of fuch Employer or Employers, or in his own or any other Name, give Receipt or other Difcharge, in which a lefs Sum (haD be exi than the Sum a&ually received, either in Ca(h, or by any 0 Draft, Bill, Note or other Security for Money, with an latest to evade any of the Stamp Duties which (hallbetnen payable, or diriir the Sum a&ually paid as a fore faid into divers Receipts, or by soy general Acknowledgment or Ufe of the Words “ Settled,” * “ Paid,” or " Entered,” or " By Ca(h,” or fuch like or inycdw Word or Words, or by any Signature or Initials, or by any otkr Words, Letters or Marks intended to anfwer the Purpoies of a Receipt, or to denote that the Money for which a Receipt ought tt be given has been paid, or by any means endeavour to evade lay of the faid Duties, or be guilty of or concerned in any fraudulent Cos-trivance to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeffors, of asyrf the faid Duties, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offepce, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and fuch AAcf fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall, as to all pecuniary Fealties to which fuch Matter (hall be fubje& under this or any other AA of Parliament, be confidered as the A<51 of the Perfon or Perfocs in whofe Employment the Perfon fo offending (hall be, and the Oak or other Perfon fo committing any of* the Offences bereinbdMw motioned, upon being convi&ea thereof, (hall be deemed gn*y of Mifdemeanour, and be punched by Fine and Imprifonment, aid otl, Corporal Punifhment, or any One or Two of the faid Modes, at tl Difcretion of the Court before whom he or (he (hall be tried.

CVI. And be it further ena&ed, That feparate and diftinft Stamji and Marks (hall be kept at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for denoting the Stamp Duties, which (hall from time to time be payable on ant ~	‘	  Bank	of	Inland,	or	ofarf

Bank Notes or Bank Poft Bills of the private Bank or Banks whatfoever.

CV1I. As*

Digitized

ed by GOO^C

C.I26.

520 GEO. in.

*77

[I. And be it further enafted, That all Bank Notes and Bank Compofition for ills which (hall be iffued by the Governor and Company of the ^jamPs Ireland^ lhall be exempt from the Stamp Duties which may oHreland ° me to time be charged thereon refpeftively (unlefs otherwife .I7 provided in the A A or Afts charging the lame) from every y fifth Day of March for One whole Year next following, rd the Governor and Company of the faid Bank (hall on the wenty fifth Day of March refpeftively have paid into His jr'sTreafury in Ireland, fuch Sum of Money as (hall have om time to time agreed upon by and between the faid Go-and Company and tne Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or mmiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer wdf as a Compenfation Tor and to be in lieu of and in full Sain for all Stamp Duties payable upon all Notes and Bills to d by the faid Bank during the Year next enfuing refpeftively ; t any fuch Compofition heretofore made (hall be in force ac-to the Terms thereof, as if this Aft had not paffed.

II. And be it enafted, That although any Bank or Bankers Cancelling r Notes (hall be figned or otherwife executed by any Banker ^^ftered0** kers duly regiftered in manner hereafter mentioned, or by his Bantotri/ Servant or Servants, yet if the fame (hall remain in a Book,

Part of the Leaves or any One Leaf thereof, and not cut or d therefrom, then and in every fuch cafe, if fuch Note or tmaining in fuch Book (hall be brought to the Stamp Office h, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commif-of Stamps, or any of them, or any Officer by them duly sed, and they are hereby required to cancel the Stamps refpeftively, and to mark or damp any Vellum, Parchment ?r which (hall be brought to the faid Office by the Perfon or (b bringing fuch Note or Notes with any Marks or Stamps te or they may require, on fuch Perfon or Perfons paying the ice of Price (if any) between the Stamps fo cancelled, and imps or Marks fo marked or (lamped on the Vellum, Parch-Paper fo brought to the faid Head Office.

. And be it enafted, That the Acceptance of every Bank Acceptance* of J (hall be written on and acrofs the Face of fuch Pofl Bill, and B-nk Poft inal Words or Figures thereof.

And be it enafted, That it (hall be lawful for all Bankers in Regiftenng of to regifter the Firm of the Bank or Banks to which they do n ew ,rm8# refpeftively belong, or the Name or Names of the Partners Bank or Banks with the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland,

^ommiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Trea-lreland.

. And be it further enafted, That all Perfons fo regiftering Perfons regif-res as Bankers (hall to all Intents and Purpofes be confidered teroJ conGdered ters within the Meaning of the Laws now in force in Ireland* Bankers* all Laws which hereafter (hall be in force in Ireland*

Qg Bankers, in which the contrary (hall not be exprefsly

I. And, for the better fecuring the Payment of the Stamp Probate* and on Probates, Adminiftrations and Legacies in Ireland, be it , That, from and after the Commencement of this Aft, every who (hall adminifier the Perfonal Efiate, or any Part of the ilEiate of any Perfon dying after the Commencement of

X x 2

this



C.I26.

A-D.ila

W

52° geo. in.

Penalty.

Inventories exhibited by Executory Sec.

Penalty.

Ho Duty on Probates by fecond£xeciitor.

this Aft, without having proved the Will of the Deceafed, or tales out Letters of Adminiftration of fuch Perfonal Eftate withn Twelve Calendar Months after the Death of the Perfon fo dying (or with refpeft to Perfons having died before the palling of this Ad, within Six Calendar Months after the paffing of this Aft), Oiall forfeit tad pay the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered and applied n the fame manner as any Penalty may by this Aft be recovered sad applied.

CXIII. And be it further enafted, That every Executor, Ad-miniftrator, neareft of Kin, Creditor or other Perfon, whether a&og as a Principal, or as Agent or Attorney for any Perfon or Perfoa Out of Ireland, who fhall admmifter, or enter upon the Poffeffioa or Management of all or any of the Perfonal or Moveable Eftite or Effefts of any deceafed Perfon in Ireland, who fhall have left a Perfonal Property of the Value of Two hundred Pounds or upwards, or who hath entered upon the Poffeffion or Management of any hr* fonal or Moveable Eftate or Effefts, and hath not fully adminileitd the fame, (hall, before difpofing of, or diftributingany Part or remaining Part of fuch Eftate or Effefts, or at all Events within Six Calendar Months after the paffing of this Aft, or after taking wt Probate or Adminiftration, or entering on the Poffeffion or Management of fuch Perfonal Eftate, or of any Part thereof exhibit upon Oath in the proper Ecclefiaftical Court in Ireland, a foB aad complete Inventory or Statement of fuch Eftate and Effefts, fofo as they fhall have been recovered at the time of exhibiting fuch Ii-ventory, or fhall be known to be exifting, diftinguifhing whether fituate in Ireland or elfewhere ; and alfo of all Debts due by the Deceafed at the time of his or her Death, and payable out of nis or be: Perfonal Eftate, and the Nature and Kind thereof; and in cafe it any time or times thereafter a Difcovery fhall be made of other Ef-efts belonging to the Deceafed, which on account of their not bong known at the time were omitted in the faid original Inventory, a additional Inventory or Inventories of the fame fhall in like manner be exhibited on Oath from time to time by any Perfon or Perfons adsi-niftering or affuming the Management or Difpofal thereof, together with fuch Debts due by fuch deceafed Perfon as aforeliid, a may not have been inferted in fuch former Schedule ; any fuch Oatk as aforefaid to be adminiftered by the fame Perfon or Perfons, and in the fame manner in all refpeft6 as is ufed on proving a Will; asd in cafe any fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall negleft or refute to exhibit aYiy fuch original or additional Inventory, or fhall- knowingly omit to include any Part of any fuch Eftate and Effefts therein, every Perfon fo neglefting, refuting or omitting, fhall forfeit the Sn» of Forty Pounds for each fuch Negleft, Refufal or Omiffion^

CXIV. And be it further enafted, That every Probate which fhall be taken out by any Executor after the Will therein mentioned hath or fhall have bWn proved, and Probate thereof hath been or fhall have been duly obtained by another Executor named therein, fhall and may be good, valid and effeftual without any Stamp to all Intents and Purpofes as if damped, and that all Perfons cooceraed in the writing, or taking out the lame, fhall be and they are refpeftively hereby freed and indemnified- from and againft all Pains and Penal-,riet for ox in refpeft thereof in any manner whatsoever.

CXV. Ari

LjOOQle

l.D.i8i2«	52°GEO. III.	C. 126.	6jf

CXV. And be it further enaded, That every Perfon, whether Duties on I.eg*»

xecutor, Adminiftrator or otherwife, who (hall adminifter the Per- retained if

nal Eftate of any Perfon deceafed, and {hall retain, whether for hia Eiecut01R,lj

r her own Ufe, or otherwife, any Legacy, or any Refidue or Part

[ the Refidue of fuch Perfonal Eftatc, mall, in a reafonable time

ter the Death of the Perfon fo deceafed, be accountable to His

lajefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, for any Duty which {hall be then

y Law payable on any Receipt or Difcnarge for any fuch Legacy,

lefidue or Part of Refidue ; and if any Perfon fo adminiftering {hall

•ay any Legacy, Refidue or Part of Refidue, without obtaining a

leceipt duly damped for the fame, then fuch Perfon fo adminiftering

tall be entitled to dedud thereout the Amount of the Stamp Duty

fhich (hall be then payable on fuch Receipt; and in cafe he {hall u>

educfc the fame, the Amount of fuch Stamp Duty {hall then imme-

liately be a Debt from fuch Perfon fo adminiftering to His Majesty,

ii« Heirs and Succeflors ; and if any fuch Perfon fo adminiftering

hall pay any fuch Legacy or Refidue, or Part of Refidue, without

ibtaining for the fame a Receipt duly damped, or without deduding

he Amount of fuch Stamp Duty thereon, then and in every fuch cafe

the Amount of fuch Stamp Duty thereon fhall be a Debt to His

Viajefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, as well from the Perfon or Per-

fons fo adminiftering as from the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies

to whom the fame fhall have been fo paid refpedively.

CXV I. And be it enaded, That where any Real Eftate fhall by Legacies charged any Will be directed to be fold, charged with any Legacy or Le- on ^eal Eftatc gacies, the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fell the lame or bound to reti,lned* pay fuch Legacy or Legacies, and alfo the Perfon beneficially entitled to fuch Legacies, or to the Refidue or any Parts of the Refidue of the Purchafe Money thereof, fhall refpedively be liable to pay the Stamp Duties which {hall then be by Law payable thereon refpedively, in the fame manner in all refpeds mutath mutandis as concerning the Adminiftration of Perfonal Eftate is hereinbefore provided.

CXVII. And be it further enaded, That in every cafe in which Executors called any Executor or Adminiftrator, or other Perfon or Perfons taking on by Court °f the Burthen of the Execution of the Will, or other Teftamentary	to

lnftrument, or the Adminiftration of the Perfonal Eftate of any Legacy Duty. Perfon deceafed, or any Truftee or other Perfon to whom any Real Eftate (hall be devifed to be fold, or who {hall be entitled to any Real Eftate fubjed to any Legacy, {hall not have paid any Stamp Duties, which (hall from time to time be payable by Law on any Receipts or Difoharges for any Legacy, or for any Refidue, or Part of any Re-fidne purfuant to the Directions of this Ad, within a proper and reafonable time, it fhall be lawful for His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland, upon Application to be made for that Purpofe on Behalf of the faid Commiflioners of Stamp Duties upon luch Afluhvit or Affidavits as to the faid Court may* appear to be fuffi. dent, to grant a Rule requiring fuch Executor, Adminiftrator,

Truftee or other Perfon or Perfons to (hew Caufe why he, (he or they (hould not deliver to the faid Commiflioners of Stamp Duties m Account upon Oath of all the Legacies, and of Mi the Property wfoeftively paid or to be paid or admmiftcred by fuch Executor or Aduiaiftrator, or other Perfon or Perfons, or given or bequeathed to fiich Truftee or other Perfon entitled to amy Real Eftatc fubjed

X x 3	- n t to

vjOOQlC	*

C.n6.

A.D. itt&

<586

52* GEO. m.

Copies of Wills furniOied to Stamp Office.

Penalty.

Legacies charge -able with Duty defined.

Valuation of Annuities and uncertain Benefits Vy Legacy. *

to any fuch Legacy, as the cafe may be, and why the Duties oe any fuch Legacies, or any Shares or Refidue of any fuch Eftate Real or Perfonal, have not been paid or (hould not be forthwith paid according to Law, and to make any fuch Rule of Court ablolute, is etery eafe in which the fame may appear to the faid Court to be proper and necefiary for enforcing the Payment of any of the laid Doties, together with the Cods offo recovering, the fame.

CXVI1I. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, or any One or more of them, to require of every Reginrar or other Oncer of any Ecde-fiaftical Court in Ireland, having the Cuftody or Care of any Willi proved in any fuch Court, or having the Cuftody of any Entry «r Regifter of any Adminilirations granted in any fuch Court, an Account of all fuch Wills and Letters of Adminiftration, together witk the Particulars relating thereto, and fuch Extrads from any fach Wills as may feem neceffary to fuch CommiflioDers or CommiiSotrr, on Payment of fuch Fees as (hall be agreed upon for the fame, or at in cafe of any Difpute (hall be fettled and allowed by tbe EcclefiaJbol Court for that Purpofe, and evenr fuch Officer as aforefaid is hereby authorized and required, within One Calendar Mouth after any fuck Requifition fo made by the faid Commiffionera, or any One or note of them, or by any Perfon authorized by them for that Purpofe, to make out and deliver fuch Account as aforeiaid, and if any fach Regiftrar or other Officer as aforeiaid (hall refufe or negled to make out and deliver any fuch Account as aforeiaid, within One Cafendir Month after any Demand made as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly or wilfully make out and deliver any falfe Account, every fuch Rcgiftm or other Officer (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered with Coils of Suit by Informant, in the Name of His Majesty’s Attorney General for Irehmdt to the life of His Maiefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors.

CXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That any Gift by any Will or Teftamentary Inftrumcnt of any Perfon which by virtue ofiuch Wl or Teftamentary Inftrument (hall have EfFe& or be iatiafied oat of tbe Perfonal Eftate of fuch Perfon fo dying, or out of any Perfonal Eftate, which fuch Perfon (hall have Power to difpofe of as he or (be (hall think fit, (hall be deemed and taken to be a Legacy withhitbe Intent and Meaning of this A&, and of all A&s whereby any Sump Duty is or (hall be impofed, or in any wife relating to the Management or Colle&ion of any Stamp Duty, whether the lame (ball be given by way of Annuity, or in any other Form, and whether tbe lame (hall be charged only on fuch Perfonal Eftate, or charged life on the Real Eftate of the Teftator or Teftatrix who (hall give tbe fame, except fo far as the fame (hall be paid or Satisfied out of focb Real Eftate in a due Execution of the Will or Teftamentary Iuftni-ment by which the fame (hall be given, and every Gilt which dull have Effe& as a Donation Mortis Caufa, (hall alfo be deemed a Legacy within the Intent and Meaning of this A&, and of all other luch A&s as aforefaid.

CXX. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Annuity or other Benefit (hall be given by any Will or Teftamentary Ioftruncot in fuch Terms that the Amount or Value of fuch Benefit can only be ascertained from time to time by the a&ual Application-fbr that Purpofe of the Fund allotted for fuch Purpofe* or made chargenbk

therewith*



Google

ilSl2.

52# GEO. in.

c.126.

681

Irith, or if the Amount or Value of any Benefit given by any It Teftamentary Inftrument cannot by reafon of the Form and Kr of the Gift be fo afcertained that the Duty to which the - all be then fubje& can be charged thereon, under any of the >ns herein contained, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Duty charged upon the feveral Payments of fuch Annuity when kjthe fame (hall be from time to time paid to the Party entitled Maine, and in like manner upon the feveral Sums of Money which (hall be applied from time to time for the Purpofes ed by fuch Will or Teftamentary Inftrument, as if fuch Pay-of fuch Annuity or fuch feveral Sums were feparate and ft Legacies or Bequefts, and (hall be paid by the Party or

*	receiving fuch Annuity or other Sum of Money, or out of 'und which may be applicable for fuch Purpofes, or charged anfwering the fame.

[XI. And be it further enaded, That the Duty which (hall Vduftion of Lime to time be payable on a Legacy or Refidue, or Part of f^*®**!"®** ue of any Perfonal Eft ate given to or for the Benefit of, or fo ,n Succeffioo# he fame (hall be enjoyed by, different Perfons in Succeffion who >e chargeable at one and the fame Rate with the Stamp Duties 1 (hall then be payable, (hall be charged upon and paid out of the cy or Refidue or Part of Refidue fo given, as in the cafe of a Le-to one Perfon ; and where any Legacy or Refidue or Part of ue (hall be given to or for the Benefit of or fo that the fame (hall joyed by different Perfons in Succeffion, fome or one of whom be then changeable with no Duty, or fome or one of whom be chargeable with different Rates of Duty, fo that one Rate uty cannot be immediately charged thereon, all Perfons who

*	or in confequence of any fuch Bequeft (hall be entitled for only, or any other temporary Intereft, (hall be chargeable with )uty in refped of fuch Bequeft in the fame manner as if the il Produce thereof had been given by way of Annuity, and Perfons refpe&ively (hall be fo chargeable with fuch Duty, and ime (hall be payable when they (hall refpe&ively become entitled d begin to receive fuch Produce, and where any other partial eft (hall be given, or (hall arife out of fuch Property fo to be ed in Succeffion, the Duty on fuch partial Intereft (hall be red and paid in the fame manner as the Duty is hereinbefore ted to be charged and paid in like cafes of partial Interefts fed on any Property given otherwife than to different Perfons icceffion ; and all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall be*

absolutely entitled to any fuch Legacy, or Refidue or Part of lue to be enjoyed in Succeffion, (hall when a:*d as fuch Perfon erfons refpe&ively (hall receive the fame, or begin to enjoy the fit thereof, be chargeable with, and pay the Duty for the , or fuch Part thereof as (hall be fo received, or of which the fit (hall be fo enjoyed, in the fame manner as if the fame had ; to fuch Perfon or Perfons immediately on the Death of the >n by whom fuch Property (hall have been given to be enjoyed, fuch manner that the fame (hall be enjoyed m Succeffion.

£X1I. And be it further enaded. That the Duty which (hall DutiesionLe. time to time be payable on any Legacy or Refidue or Part of 8ajjes ® Suc-tee fo given to, or fo to be enjoyed by different Perfons in Suc- ceffifln P**1 >n, upon whom the Duty (hall be chargeable at one and the fame X x 4	Rate,



€82

C. 126.

52’ GEO. III.

A.D.1812.

Duty on Hate given as Legacy in Succeflion.

Rate, fhall be deduced and paid by the Perfon or Perftns harn^

or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Tefbsxottry Inftrument under which the Title thereto (hall arife, upon Papest or other Satisfa&ion or Difcharge of every or any Part «Cock Legacy or Refidue or Part of Refidue to any Truftee or Trulm, or other Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be payable or paid, inTruft or for the Benefit of the Perfons fo entitled thereto in Succeflion, and if the fame fhall not be fo paid or fatisfied to »y fuch Truftee or Truftees, then fuch Duty fhall bededuded and paid out of the Capital of the Property fo given, upon Receipt by any of the Perfons fo entitled in Succeflion of any Produce of fuch Capital or any Part thereof, according to the Amouut of the Capital of which fuch Produce fhall be fo received ; and where the Duty chirp-able upon any fuch Bequeft for the Benefit of or to be enjoyed by different Perfons in Succeflion, fhall be chargeable at different Rita fo that the fame cannot be paid at one and the fame time, but be! be paid in Succeflion as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe all and crej the Perfon and Perfons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Teflameutary Inftrument in which fuch Bequeft fhall be contained, fhall be chargeable with fuch Duties in $u& ccfiion in the fame manner as fuch Perfons would be chargeable with the like Duties in cafe of immediate Bequeft, unleU the Property bequeathed fhall have been paid or otherwise fatisfied to or welled in any Truftees or Truftee as aforefaid, in which cafe fuch Trulea or Truftee, or his, her or their Reprefentative6 fhall be chargeable with the Duties then payable for or in refpe& of fuch Property fo vefted in him, her or them refpe&ively, in fuch and the fame mara as if he, fhe or they had taken the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Teftamentary Inftrument by which fuch Bequeft (hallhue been made ; and in like manner where any partial Intereft Dull be given or fhall arife out of any fuch Property lo to be enjoyed in Succeflion, and fuch partial Intereft fhall be fatisfied or paid by the Pc-fon or Perfons fo enjoying fuch Property, fuch Perfon or Perfims fhall be chargeable with the Duties then payable for and in reaped of fuch partial Intereft, and fhall retain and pay the fame accordingly in fuch and the fame manner as if he, fhe or they had taken the Burthen of the I xecution of the Will or Teftamentary Inftnunnt by which f:ch partial Intereft (hall have been created; andinifl fuch cafes the Perfon or Perfons fo chargeable with Duty fhall be Debtors to the King’s Majeily, his Heirs and Succeffors, in lik manner, and fhall be fubjedt to the like Penalties as the Perfon or Perfons having or taking the Burthen of fuch Will or TeftamenUiy Inftrument (hull from time to time be chargeable and fubje&to.

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That, unldi the contrary fhall be exprefsly ena&ed, no Duty fhall at any time be paid on any Articles of Plate, Furniture or other Things not yielding any Income, and given to or for the Benefit of or fo as that tk fame be enjoyed by different Perfons in Succeflion, whilft the fine fhall be fo enjoyed in Kind only by any Perfon or Perfons not hawg any Power of telling or difpofing thereof fo as to convert the fo* into Money or other Property yielding an Income, but if the fine fhall be a&ually fold or difpofedof, or fhall come to any Pafoa ot Perfons having Power to tell or difpofe thereof, or haying an absolute Intereft therein, then and in each and every fuch cat the feme 11	Duty



Google

.D.i8i2.

520 GEO. m.

C. 126.



'uty {hall he chargeable and paid thereon, as if the lame had been iginally given absolutely and with full Power to fell or difpofe lereof, and (hall be chargeable upon and paid by the Perfon or Perns for whofe Benefit the fame (hall be fold, or who (hall have ower to fell or difpofe thereof or any abfolute Intereft therein, and tali become the Debt of fuch Perfon or Perfons, but (hall not be a charge on any Perfon or Perfons by reafon of his, her or their aving a dented to fuch Bequeft as the Perfon or Perfons having or aking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Tellamentary nftrument by which fuch Bequeft (hall have been made.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where Duties on Re-ny Legacy or any Refidue or Part of Refidue (hall be fo given4)y fidue taken in ny Will or Teftamentary Inftrument that different Perfons (hall be- Succeifion under ome entitled thereto in Succeifion, the Duty (hall be charged Intcftacy’ hereon as given to be enjoyed in Succeifion, whether the Perfon or ?erfons entitled thereto (hall take the fame under or by virtue of uch Will or Teftamentary Inftrument, and the Djfpofitions therein :ontained, or in Default of fuch Difpofitions, and as entitled by [nteftacy.

CXXV. And be it further enafted, That where at any time any Duties on Left-Legacy or Refidue or Part of Refidue (hall be given to or for the cie#in Joint Benefit of any Perfon or Perfons in Joint Tenancy, Come or one of Tcnancy* whom (hall be then chargeable with any Stamp Duty, and fome or one of whom (hall not be fo chargeable, the Perfon or Perfons chargeable with fuch Duty (hall pay fuch Duty in Proportion to the Intereft of fuch Perfon or Perfons refpe&ivelv in fuch Bequeft 5 and if any Perfon or Perfons fo chargeable with (uch Duty, and entitled in Joint Tenancy as aforefaid, (hall become entitled by Survivorihip, or by Severance of the Joint Tenancy, to any larger Intereft in the Property bequeathed than that in refpe& of which fuch Duty (hall have beep paid, then and in fuch cafe all and every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo becoming entitled by Survivorihip, or by Severance, (hall be charged with the fame Duty as if the Property which fuch Joint Tenant or Joint Tenants (hall fo become entitled to had been originally given to or for the Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons only.

CXXVI. And be it further enaded. That when apy Legacy or Dutyoncomin-any Refidue, or Part of Refidue, (hall be givep, fubje& to any Con- sent Legacies, tingency which may defeat fuch Gift, and whereupon the fame may go to (ome other Perfons or Perfon, fuch Bequeft (unlefs chargeable u an Annuity under the Provifions herein contained) (hall be charged with Duty as ap abfolute Bequeft to the Perfon or Perfons who (hall tike the fame, fubjeQ to, fuch Contingency, and fuch Duty (hall be paid out of the Capital of fuch Legacy or Refidue, or Part of Re-fidue, notwithstanding the fame may upon fuch Contingency go to fome Perfon not chargeable with the fame Duty, or with any Italy ; and if fuch Contingency (hall afterwards happen, and the Property fo bequeathed (hall thereupon go in fuch manner that the fame, if tabes immediately after the Death of the Teftator or Teftatrix under the feme Title, would have been chargeable with a higher Rate of Duty than the Duty fo paid, the Perfon or Perfons becoming entitled thereto (haU be charged with and (hall pay the Difference be-tattsthe Duty fo paid and fuch higher Rate of Duty,

CXXVII. And be it further enacted. That where any Legacy or Legacies fufc-the Refidue or any Part of the Refidue of any Perfonal Eftate (hall je&edto Power

ke of Appointment.



hD.iSn

C.126.

52° GEO. m.

Verfoaal Eftate devifed Co pur-chafe Real Eftate.

Eftttts pur auter V«.

be fubje& to any- Power of Appointment to or for the Benefit of any Perfon or Perfons fpecially named or defcribed is ObjeAsoffock Power, fuch Property fhall be chargeable with Duty as Property given to different Perfons in Succeflion, and in fo charging fad) Doty not only the Perfon and Perfons who (hall take previous or fubp&to fuch Power of Appointment, but alfo any Perfon and ftafaos who (hall take under or in Default of any fuch Appointment when aadu they (hall fo take refpe&ively, (hall, in refpect of their fevenl late-rells whether previous or fubje& to or under or in Default of fud Appointment, be charged with the fame Duty, and in the fame mm-ner, as if the fame Interefts had been given to him, her or them re* fpe&ively, in and by the Will or Teftamentary Difpofitioo contafoag fuch Power, in the fame Order and Courfe of Succeflion as (hail take place under and by virtue of fuch Power of Appointment, or in Dr fault of Execution thereof, as the cafe may happen to be 5 andwbet any Property (hall be given for any limited Intereft, and a general and abfolute Power of Appointment (hall alfo be given to any Per(ba or Perfons to whom the Property would not belong, in Detank of fuch Appointment, fuch Property upon the Execution of fuch Power (hall be charged with the fame Duty, and in the fame manner as if the fame Property had been immediately given to the Perfon or Peifoos having and executing fuch Power, after allowing any Duty befixt paid in refped thereof; and where any Property (hafl be given with any fuch general Power of Appointment, which Property in Default will belong to the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Power (hall rfe be given, fuch Property (hall be charged with and (hall pay the Dity in the fame manner as if fuch Property had been given to fuck Per-fon or Perfons abfolutely in the firft In fiance without fuch Power of Appoiutment.

CXXVIII. And be it further eroded, That any Sum of Mosey or Perfonal Eftate directed to be applied in the Purchase of Rd Eftate, (hall be charged with and pay Duty at Perfonal Eftate, to-lefs the fame fhall be given fo at to be enjoyed by difent Perfons in Succeflion, and then each Perfon entitled thereto ■ Succeflion fhall pay Duty for the fame in the fame manner a if the fame had not been dire&ed to be applied fo the Pa* chafe of Real Eftate, unlefs the fame fhall have been a&tnDy applied in the Purchafe of Real Eftate before fuch Duty accrued; hot no Duty fhall accrue in refpedfc thereof after the fame (hall havtbta a&uallv applied in the Purchafe of Real Eftate, for fo much thereof as fhall have been fo applied: Provided neverthdefs, that in die be-fore the fame or fome Part thereof fhall be a&ually fo applied, ay Perfon or Perfons fhall become entitled to an Eftate of Inberkuce in Pofleffion in the Real Eftate to be purchafed therewith, or vtt fo much thereof as fhall not have been applied in the Purchafe of Real Eftate, the fame Duty which ought to be paid by fnch Perfon or Perfons if abfolutely entitled thereto at Perfonal Eftate, by fo* of any Bequeft thereof as fuch, fhall be eharged on fuch Perfo * Perfons fo entitled, and railed and paid out of the Fund rearing to be applied in fuch Purchafe.

CXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That Eftatet fmrakrVt applicable by Law in the fame manner at Perfonal Eftate, fluftbt charged with all Stamp Duties impofed or to be impaled as Period Eftate.



CXXXffc

6.126.

A.D.i8i2.

520 GEO. HI.

685

CXXX. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if at any Money left to time any Direction fhall be given by any Will or Teftamentary In- pay Legacy Irument for Payment of the Duty which (hall be chargeable upon ***7 not my Legacy or Bequeft out of fome other Fund, fo that fuch Le- clu,leaW** £acy or Bequeft may pafs to the Perfon or Perfons to whom or for ffhofe Benefit the fame fhall be given free of Duty, no Duty fhall be chargeable upon the Money to be applied for the Payment of fuch Duty, notwithftanding the fame may be deemed a Legacy to or for the Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons who would otherwife pay fuch Duty.

CaXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafes of fpecific Le- Duty on Piracies, and where the Refidue of any Perfonal Eftate (had! confift of Pcrly !lot fe* ftoperty which fhall not be reduced into Money, it (hall be lawful for j^^aiUr-:he Perlon or Perfons having or taking the Burthen of the Admini-	*

iratkm of fuch Effects, or the Perfon or Perfons by whom the Duty hereon ought to be paid, to fet a Value thereon, and to offer to pay he Duty according to fuch Value, or to require the Commiffioners for Management oftthe Stamp Duties to appoint a Perfon to fet and ippraife fuch Value, at the Expence of the Perfon or Perfons by vhom fuch Duty ought to be paid ; and it (hall be lawful for the Commiflioners to accept the Duty offered to be paid upon the Va-ue fet by the Perfon or Perfons having or taking the Adminiftra-ion of fuch Effe&s, or by whom the Duty for the fame (hall be *yable, without fuch Appraifement, if the laid Commiflioners (hall hink fit fo to do ; but if the (aid Commiffionera (hall not be fatisfied with the Value fo fet, on which the Duty (hall be fo offered, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners notwithftanding fuch Offer, to appoint a Perfon to appraife fuch Effe&s, and to fet the Value thereon, on which Value fo fet the faid Commiflioners (hall affefs the Duty payable in refpe& thereof, and require the fame to be paid $ but if the Perfon or Perfons by whom fuch Duty (hail be payable (hall not be fatisfied with the Valuation made under the Authority of the (aid Commiflioners, and pay the Duty accordingly, it (hall be lawful for fuch Perfon or Perfons at any time within Three Calendar Months after he, (he or they (hall have Notice of fuch Valuation, to Appeal, appeal therefrom to, and to caufe the Valuation fo made under the Authority of the faid Commiflioners, to be reviewed by the Commif-fioners of the Treafuij in Ireland for the time being ; and the (aid Commiflioners of th£ Treafury (hall and may (if they (hall think fit) appoint a Perfon to appraife fuch Effe&s and fet a Value thereon, and (hall and may decide thereon in a fummary way, and their Judgment (hall be final; and if the Valuation under the Authority of the (aid Commiflioners of the Stamp Duties, in the cafe laft mentioned,

(hall not be duly appealed from within the time aforefaid, or (hall be affirmed upon Appeal, the Duty (hall be paid according to fuch Valuation ; and if any Variance mall be made on fuch Appeal, the Duty (hall be paid according to fuch Variance; and if the Duty aiiefied in manner aforefaid (hafl exceed the Duty offered to and - refuted by the (aid Commiflioners of Stamp Duties, the Expence of fuch Appraifement and other Proceedings in affeffing fuch Duty,

(hall be borne by the Perfon or Perfons by whom fuch Duty fhall be payable; and if any Difpute fhall arife between any Perfon or Perfons entitled to any fuch Legacy or Refidue, or Part of Refidue, and any Perfon or Perfons having or taking the Burthen of the Admmiftra-



6i6

A.O.1S11.

Duty on Legacies compounded for, 4c

Provifo.

Proceedings where Legatees refufe to allow Duty.

Q 126.

S? GEO. III.

tion of fuch Effects, with refped to the Value thereof, or with re-fped to the Duty to be paid thereon, the Duty (ball be affeffed by the faid Commiflioners of Stamp Duties on Reference to tkm by either Party for that Purpofe 5 and if the Value of any Property 00 which fuch Duty ought to be paid (hall be in Difpute, the £ud Coa-xniffioners of the Stamp Duties (hall caufe an Appraifcmest to be made thereof at the Expence of the Perfon or Perfons by whom fuck Duty ought to be paid, in the manner hereinbefore directed in other cafes, and aflefs the Duty thereon accordingly ; and if fuch Perke or Perfon8 by whom fuch Duty ought to be paid (hall be difiatiifkd with fuch Valuation, or with the Afleflment of Duty made upon (neb Valuation by the faid Commiflioners of Stamp Duties, the fame fiu& be reviewed and finally determined by the faid Commiffionm of the Treafury, upon Appeal to them within the time and in the manner hereinbefore direded in other cafes ; but if fuch Valuation or Aiet ment (hall not be duly appealed from within the time limited for that Purpofe, or (hall be affirmed upon Appeal, the Duty (hall btaui according thereto; and if any Variance (hall be made therein on tod Appeal, the Duty fhall be paid according to fuch Variance *, tad jn cafe the Effeds whereon any fuch Duty fhall be payable MW at the Difiance of Ten Miles from Dublin, then and in fuchaieit fhall be lawful to make the like Application to fuck Perfon as M be deputed for that Purpofe by the laid Commiflioners of Stamps to ad in their Stead, in fuch cafes within the County or Diftrid ia vriuds fuch Effeds fhall be ; and fuch Perfon ib deputed fhall ad in fuch cafes in all refpeds in the famo manner as the faid Commiffioien of Stamps are hereby authorized to ad, fubjed neverthelefs to the Jfi* ffrudions and Controul of the faid Commiiboners of Stamps.

CXXXII. And be it further enaded. That where any Legacy or Part of any Legacy, or Refidue or Part of Reiidue, whereet ay Stamp Duty fhall at any time be chargeable, fhall be fatisfied other-wife than by Payment of the Money or Application of fpedk If* feds for that Purpofe, or fhall be releafed for CpnAderatiao, or cob* pounded for lefs than the Amount or Value thereof, then, and« fuch cafe, tbe Duty thereon {hall be charged and paid in refptct of fuch Legacy or Part of Legacy, or Reiidue or Part of Reiadoe, according to the Amount or Value of the Property taken in Sc* fadion thereof, or as the Confederation for Releafe thereof, or Cm* pofition for the fame: Provided always That if any Legacy of Bequeft fhall be made in Saus&dion of any other Legacy or Be* queft, or Title fo any Reiidue or Pan of Refadue, of any Perfonl Eftate remaining unpaid, the Duty ihaU not be paid on both Sd-jeds, although both may be chargeable with Duty, but ihaU be fib on the Subjed yielding the largeft Duty.

CXXXIII. And be it further enaded. That if any Resfiwir Perfous having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the WJ or other Teftamentary Xoftrument, or tbe AdminiArationof thePw-ional Eftate of any Perfcn deoeafcd, or any Pe riba or Pedoa chargeable witb. Duty, mall declare himfclL herlelf or tbemfirlves nmfyaad willing, and fhall accordingly offer to pay any pecuniary Lgtcy or Refidue, or Part of Refidue, deduding the Duty which ftal be then by Law payable thereon, ov ihaU in like manner offer- to deliver or otbwwife difpofe of any Specific Legacy, or ay beak Property, Pact of any Reiidue of any Perianal EiUtt,to or for *k t	"	Beaeft



C n&

520 GEO. Iff.

Mf

Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, or to any Truft'ee )r Truftees for fuch Perfon or Perfons, upon Payment of the Duty wyable in refpe& thereof, and the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fucn Legacy or Refidue, or Part of Refidue, or the Truftee or TrufteCs ror fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall refufe to accept fuch Offer, and to jite a proper Releafe and Difcharge for fuch Legacy or Refidue,

>r fo much thereof as (hall be offered to be paid, delivered or other-	^

*ife difpofed of as aforefaid, then, and in fuch cafe, although no i&ual Tender fhall be made, if any Suit fhall be afterwards inflicted for fuch Legacy or Effe&s refpe&ing which fuch Offer fhall iare been made, it fhall be lawful for the Court in which fuch Suit ball be inftituted, to order all Cofts, Charges and Expences attend-the fame to be paid by the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have efafed to accept fuch Offer, and to give or join in fuch Releafe or Difcharge, or to order fuch Cofls, Charges and Expences to be leduded and retained out of fuch Legacy or Effe&s, together with he Duty payable thereon, as the faid Court fhall fee fit; and in cafe iny Sait fhall be inftituted for Payment of any Legacy or Refidue,

>t Part of Refidue of any Perfonal Eft ate, and the Perfon or Per-ons fued for the fame fhall be defirous of flaying Proceedings in fuch Sait, on Payment of the Money due, or delivering or other wife dif-x>lkig of the fpecific Effe&s demanded, after dedu&ing or receiving he Duty payable thereon, it fhall be lawful for the Court in" which uch Suit mail be inftituted, if it fhall fee fit, on Application in a ummary way, to make fuch Order for Payment of fuch Legacy or Refidue, or Part of Refidue, or for delivering or otherwife difpofing )f fuch Effe&s, and for Payment of the Duty then payable thereon, iod all fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences attending fuch Suit as (hall be juft.

CXXXIV. And be it further ena&ed. That if any Suit fhall be On Suits for nftituted concerning the Admin iftration of the Perfonal Eft ate of Adminiftration iny Perfon dying teftate or inteftate, or atiy Part of fuch Eftate' in ^°L^"cm*de ivhfch any Direction fhall be given touching the Payment of any Le-jacies or Legacy of fuch Perfon', or the Refidue of his or her Per-onal Eftate or any Part thereof, the Court wherein fuch Suit fhall * inftituted fhall, in giving Dire&ions concerning the fame, provide br the due Payment of the Duties which fhall be then payable there->ut; and in taking any Account of any Perfonal Eftate or otherwife iftiug concerning the fame, fuch Court fhall take Care that no Al-owance fhall be made in refpe& of any Legacy or Part of Legacy, vr of any Refidue or Part of Refidue in any manner whatfoever, vithout due Proof of the Payment of the Duties fo payable; '

CXXXV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That any Part of Legacies Perfon or Perfons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution Paid on fa?,sfy* jf any Will or other Teftamentary Inftrument, or the Adminiftra- p8 ion of the Perfonal Eftate of dny Perfon deceafed, may from time rop :o time pay, deliver or otherwife difpofe of any Legacy, or any Part )f any Legacy, or make Diftribution of any Part of the Refidue-of my Perfonal Eftate, on Payment from time to time of fuch Propor-;ions of the Duty then payable thereon, as fhall accrue in refpe& of fuch Part of fuch Perfonal Eftate as (hall be fo adminiftered.

CXXXVI. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That the feveral Duty payablt Duties charged and to be charged by Law in Ireland upon any Pro- onlY fof halts or Letters of Adminiftration, or Receipts for* Legacies?- or ^tu;*te m

Share* lan<1'



Google

*

ISt	C. i26.	52* GEO. III. A.D.	ita

Probate* of Will* of Trufttes.

Transfer of •Stock, under Probates of Truftae*

Shares or Proportions of any Eftate or Effeds, (hall be deemed ad taken to be charged and payable only in refped of the Amount or Value of fuch Eiiate and Effeds as (hall be fituated in IrtUd, and of fuch Legacies as (hall be payable out of Eftates and EMi io Ireland.

CXXXVII. And be it further enaded, That/from andafmthc paffing of this A A, the Probate of the Will of any Perfon deceafed, or the Letters of Adminiftration of the Effeds of any Perfeo de-ceafed, heretofore granted, or to be hereafter granted in IrAaiy (hall be deemed and taken to be valid and available by theExecuton or Adminiftrators of the Deceafed, for recovering, transferring or aligning any Debt or Debts or other Perfonal Eftate or Efieob whereof or whereto the Deceafed was poffeffed or entitled, other wholly or partially as a Truftee, notwith(landing that the Amout or Value of fuch other Debt or Debts or Perfonal Eftate or Effeds or the Amount or Value of fo much thereof, or fuch Inter! therein as was Truft Property in the Deceafed, fas the cafe be) lull not be included in the Amount or Value of the Eftate, in rdpeft of which the Stamp Duty was paid on fuch Probate or Letters of Adminiftration.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enaded, That where the Exe* cutors or Adminiftrators of any Perfon deceafed (hall be defirow of transferring or of receiving the Dividends of any Share Handing is the Name of the Deceafed, of and in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stock or Funds, transferable at the Bank of IrtU or of and in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or of and in the Stock and Funds of any other Company, Corporation or Society whatfoever, palling by Trader in the Books of fuch Company, Corporation or Society, under id by virtue of any fuch Probate or Letters of Adminiftration as «• {aid, and (hall alledge that the Deceafed was poffeffed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or partially as a Truftee, it (hallbe lawful for the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of /rdW and for any fuch other Company, Corporation or Society as dbrefc), or their refpedive Officers for their Indemnity and Proteffitn, to require fuch Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad as hereinafter it mentioned, if the Fad (hall not otherwife fatisfa&orily appear, and thereupon to permit fuch Executors or Adminiftrators to transfer the Stock or Fund in queflion, or receive the Dividends thereof, with* out regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probat? of the Will of the Deceafed, or Letters of Adminiftration of his or her Effeds ; and where the Executors or Adminiftrators of any Perfoa deceafed (hall have Occafion to recover any Debt or Debts or other Perfonal Effeds due or apparently belonging to the Deceafed, vd (hall alledge that the Deceafed was poffeffed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or partially as a Truftee, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons liable to pay or deliver fuch Debt or Debts or other Effeds, to require fuch Affidavit or Affirmation of the fad as hereinafter is mentioned, if the Fad (hall not otherwife fetsfef* torily appear, and thereupon to pay, deliver or make over the Debt or Debts or other Effeds in queftion to fuch Executors or Atfauni-ftrators, or as they (hall direct, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceafed, or the Letters of Adrainift ration of his or her Effeds; and where tbtE»

14	981011

k



Google

C. 126.

fif

5 20 GEO. III.

:iitors or Adminiftrators of any Perfon deceafed (hall have Occafion o affign or transfer any Debt or Debts due to the Deceafed, or any Chattels Real or other Perfonal Effects whereof or whereto the De-safed was poffeffed or entitled, and (hall alledge that the fame repetitively was or were due or veiled in the Deceafed either wholly or jartially as a Truftee, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perlons 0 whom or for whofe Ufe fuch Debt or Debts, Chattels Real or >ther Perfonal Effe&s (hall be purpofed to be affigned or transferred, ;o require fuch Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad as hereinafter is nentioned, if the Fad (hall not otherwife fatisfadorily appear, and iberrupon to accept the propofed Affignment or Transfer, without egard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the (Vill of the Deceafed, or the Letters of Adminiftration of his or ler Effeds.

CXXXIX. And be it further enaded. That upon any fuch Re-juifition as aforefaid the Executor or Executors, Adminiftrator or Adminiftrators of the Deceafed, or fome other PeWon or Perfons to vhom the Fads (hall be known, (hall make a fpecial Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads and circumftances of the cafe, (fating the Property in Queftion ; and that the Deceafed had not any beneficial ntereft whatever in the fame, or no other beneficial Intereff therein, han (hall be particularly mentioned and fet forth (as the cafe may be), •ut was poffefled thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or in Part as the cafe may be), in Trail for fome other Perfon or Perfons rhofe Name or Names, or other fufficient Defcription (hall be fpe-ified in fuch Affidavit or Affirmation, or for fuch Purpofes as (hall

*	fpedfied therein ; and that the beneficial Intereff of the Deceafed, f any, in the Property in Queftion doth not exceed a certain Value 0 be therein alfo specified according to the bed Eflimate that can

*	made thereof, if reverfionary or contingent, and that the Amount >r Value of the Eflate for which the Stamp Duty was paid on the Probate of the Will of the Deceafed, or on the Letters of Admi-liftration of his or her Effeds, is fufficient to include and cover fuch >eneficial Intereff of the Deceafed, as well as the reft of the Peroral Effate, whereof or whereto the Deceafed was beneficially pof-effed or entitled, and for which fuch Probate or Letters of Admi-uffration (hall have been granted, as far as the fame have come to he Knowledge of fuch Executor or Executors, Adminiftrator or Adminiftrator*; and where the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads ind circumftances of the Trails (hall be made by any other Perfon han the Executor or Executors, Adminiftrator or Adminiftrators of he Deceafed, fuch Executor or Executors, Adminiftrator or Admi-liftrators (hall make Affidavit or Affirmation that the fame are true 0 the heft of his, her or their Knowledge, and that the Property n Queftion is intended to be applied anc difpofed of accordingly ; which Affidavits or Affirmations (hall be fworn or made before a Matter in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, (who is hereby au-horized to take the fame, and adminifter the proper Oath or Affir-nation for that Purpofe) and (hall he delivered to the Party or Parties requiring the fame, and (hall be fufficient to indemnify and proted the Party or Parties ading upon the Faith thereof; and if any Perfon or Perfons making any fuch Affidavit or Affirmation as aforefaid, (hall knowingly and wilfully make a falfe Oath or Affir-matioa of or concerning any of the Matters to be therein fpecified

and.

Affidavit made by Executors, as to Truft Property.



<9*

C.I26.

AJ).iSn.

Perjury.

Hind Bills,

Almanacks,

Pamphlets,

Newlpapers and

Advertifemeutt.

Penalty.

Printers of Hand Bills, &c«

Penalty. Definition of Hand Bills.

Selling undamped Almanacks.

Penalty,

Definition of Almanacks.

520 GEO. in.

and fet forth, every Perfon fo offending and being thereof kvfufiy convided, (hall be fubjed and liable to fuch Pnins and Pedties as by any Law now in force Perfons convided of wilful and corrupt Penury are fubjed and liable to.

CXL. And, for the better fecuring the Payment of the Stamp Duties on Hand Bills, Almanacks, Pamphlets and Nevrfpapmin Ireland, be it enaded, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons (bill at any time after the Commencement of this Ad, hawk, carry about, dilperfe or distribute any Hand Bill not being (lamped or mark'd with the Stamp .Duty which (hall be then by Law required, every fuch Perfon being thereof duly convitted before any Jutticeof the Peace (hall forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings to the Perfon wboM profecute for the fame; and in Default of immediate Paynwt thereof, (hall and may be committed by fuch Ju(lice to any Common Gaol within his Jurifdidion for One Week, or until he or k (hall pay fuch Penalty, and it (hall and may be lawful for any Per- i fon to feize, apprehend and carry before any Juflice of the Peace I of the County, City or Place where fuch Offence (hall be committed, any fuch Perfon fo offending as aforefaid.

CXLI. And be it further enaded, That if any Printer (hall print or caufe to be printed any undamped Hand Bill containing! fingk Advertifement, fuch Hand Bill being then fubjed to a Stamp Duty, and (hall duly be convided thereof before any Judice of the Peace, fuch Printer (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds to any Perfon who (hall profecute for the fame.

CXLII. And be it further ena6ted, That every Hand Bill or other printed Paper which (hall contain more than One Adteniie-ment mall be deemed and taken to be a Newfpaper to all Inlestl | and Purpofes whatfoever.

CXLIII. And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon orPeT-fons (hall print, publifh, fell, hawk, carry about, utter or expofe to Sale any Almanack or Calendar, or Dublin Diredory, or any Book, Pamphlet or Paper deemed or condrued to be or fervingthe Purpofe of an Almanack, Dublin Diredory, or daily Account of Goods imported and exported, not being marked or damped with a proper Stamp, if any Stamp Duty (hall be then by Law payable thereon, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Almanack, Calendar, Ddh Diredory, Book, Pamphlet or Paper fo printed, publifhed, fold, hawked, carried about, uttered or expofed to Sale, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, which Penalty (hall be to the foie Ufe and Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons who (hall without Fraud or Covin firft fo* for the fame.

CXLIV. And be it further enaded, That all Boob and Pm-phlets ferving chiefly for the Purpofe of an Almanack or a Directory, by whatever Name or Names entitled or deferibed, are aod (hall be confidered as Almanacks and Diredories, and not as Pamphlets or other printed Papers within the Meaning of this Ad, and of every Ad by which any Stamp Duty has beeft or QjUbe impo fed, or in any wife relating to the Colledion or Managerial of any Stamp Duty, unlefs the contrary (hall be exprefsly proridfi md that where any Almanack (hall contain more than One Sheet or Piece of Paper, it (hall be fufficient to (lamp ope of the Pieces of Piper upon which fuch Almanack (hall be printed.

CXLV. hi



lSt2.

52° GEO. III.

C. 126.

dpi

LV. And be it further ena&ed, That one printed Copy of 0ne Copy of Pamphlet which (hell be printed or publiffied within the City eve >'Pamphlet bliny (hall within the Space of 8i* Days after the printing s° office, f be brought to the Stamp Office in Dublin, and tne Title ^ f with the Number of Sheets contained therein, and any Stamp which (hall be then by Law payable thereon, (hall be regiftered Ted in a Book to be there kept for that Purpofe, whieh Duty e thereupon paid to the ]>roper Officer or Officers appointed ire the lame, or his or their Deputy or Clerk, who (hall there-pwe a Receipt for the fame on fuch printed Copy; and that nted Copy of every fuch Pamphlet that (hall be printed or ed if) any Place in Ireland\ not being within the City of Dub*

II within the Space of Fourteen Days after the printing ’

, be brought to fome Diftributor of Stamps or Perfons em-by the faid Commiffioners, or any of them, to execute the of Diftributor for the time being, who is hereby required th to enter the Title thereof, with the Number of Sheets ?d therein, and the Duty which (hall be then payable thereon faid, in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpofe, which hall be thereupon paid to fuch Diftributor, who (hall give a : for the fame on fuch printed Copy.

-VI. And be it further enacted, That if any fuch Pamphlet Not paying printed or publi(hed as aforefaid, and the Duty which (hall be Duty on r Law payable thereon as aforefaid, (hall not be duly paid Pamphlets, faid within the refpe&ive times aforefaid, then the Printer or •r, and all and every other Perfon or Perfons concerned in and le printing or publifhing of fuch Pamphlet, (hall, for every Fence, forfeit the Sum of Fortv Pounds, and all and every penalty.

, Printer and Publiffier of fuch Pamphlet (hall forfeit and	'

Copy Right therein.

.VII* And be it further enaded, That on ail Trials what- Onus Probandi. A&iong, Informations, Complaints or Suits, for Recovery ifoiwfaid Penalty for Non-payment of the aforefaid Duty be refoe ftive times aforefaid, the Proof of the Payment of the ty (hnil lie upon the Printer or Publifher of fuch Pamphlet.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon (hall fell Printer’s N.ime fe to Sale in Ireland any Pamphlet or Newfpaper, or any on Newfpapers erving the Purpofe of a Newfpaper, without the true Name and Pjalp *<ts’ name, or Names and Surname*, and Place or Places of Abode

known Perfon or Perfons, by or for whom the fame (hall en or (hall be really and truly printed or publiffied being or prioted thereon, upon Pain that every Perfon offending tail forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; Penalty, on all Trials of A&ions, Informations, Complaints or Suits, Onus Probandi.

©very of fuch Penalty; the Proof that the true Name and b, or true Names and Surnames, and Place or Places of of fome known Perfon or Perfons by or for whoYn fuch it or Newfpaper (hall have been reaHy and truly printed or d, wai or were written or printed thereon (hall lie upon the tat is fuch A&ieo, Information, Complaint or Suit.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in Ireland\ every Affidavits of Pwbliiher and Proprietor of any Newfpaper, Intelligencer Proprietors of

merfeer, or any Paper Serving the Purpofes of a Newfpaper, Newfj*y«s.

fflcer or Occurreocer, whether for hrmfelf or in Truft for any

Geo. III.	Y	y	Bank-	^	y

kjOOQlC

692

C.I2&

A.D.i$n

520 GEO.IIL

Bankrupt, Lunatic or other Perfon, (hall as often as the hid Cats-mif&oners of Stamp.Duties or any of them (hall, by Notice m Writ-ing or otherwife, require the fame, withm Ten Days after being £0 require*), give in to the laid Commiffioners at their Office is Dmm, or to the proper Officers at their refpe&ive Offices where lamed Paper (half be diftributed nearell to the Place where fuch Piper wBl be printed or publifhed, fuch Affidavit and of fuch Import as Printers, Publilhers or Proprietors of Newfpapers are or (hall be by any law or Laws dire&ed to make, which Affidavit or Affidavits (hall reams with fuch Commiffioners of Stamps or Officers, to be produced is manner hereinafter mentioned as often as Occafion may require; sad every Printer, Publilher or Proprietor of any Newipaper, Intelligencer or Occurrence^ in Ireland, whether for himfelf or in Tnd lor any Bankrupt, Lunatic or other Perfon, who (hall when reqakcd thereto as aforefaid neglcft or omit to give in fuch Affidavit witki the time and at the places aforefaid, (nail for every fuch Offcocr, NegleA or Omiffion, pay a Penalty of Forty Pounds, and (ball be disabled from receiving any Stamps for printing fuck Newfpapm upon, and (hall be deemed and taken as it he, (he or they, never bad been qualified to print or publifti any Newfpaper, until he, Ibe or they, (hall make and deliver in fuch Affidavit as aforefaid.

CL. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawfd for any of the (aid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, or for fuch other Officer or Officers by them appointed for the Diftributhm of damped Paper as aforefaid, to take liich Affidavit and Affidavits as aferc-faid, which Affidavit or Affidavits (hall he fo made and taken wkb* out Fee or Reward; and if any Perfon (hall wilfully fwear any fsch Affidavit or Affidavits, and the fame or any Part thereof fhall contain a Falfehood, every fuch Perfon fofweanng any fuch Afiidaritor Affidavits may be indi&ed for wilful and corrupt Peijury therein, and (hall upon due Convi&ion of fuch Offence incur and fuller (ach Penalties, Forfeitures and Difahilities as Perfons couvided of wife! and corrupt Perjury are or (hall then be by Law liable and fubje&tr.

CLI. And be it further enaded. That fuch Affidavits lhal k produced as Occafion may reouire at or before the Trial of all inch Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Informations or Indidments as (haflhc had or commenced, filed or found touching fuch Newfpaper or any Publication therein contained; and fuch Affidavit or Affidavits floff on every fuch Trial be received and admitted again ft all and every the Perfon and Perfons who (hall have fo figned and fworn the hoc, as conclufive Evidence of all fuch Matters therein as (hall be by Law required to he therein contained, and alfo of the Continuance cfal fuch Matters in the lame Plight and Condition to the time ia Qoe£» tion on fuch Trial, unlefs it (hall be proved that previous to inch rime fuch Perfon or Perfons became Lunatic or ferved a Notice in Writ*

. ing at the Office where fuch Affidavit (hall have been fwona of any of the faid Matters therein being changed, or unlefs it (hall appear, that previous to fuch time a new Affidavit of the (ame or sunrihr Nature refpedtively was or were made concerning the fa* Newfpaper, in which the Perfon or Perfon6 fought to be affefifdsa fitch Trials did not join.

p-r'crsio*	And be it further enacted. That eveiy Printer or PubUffier

! u:r,cf ,at 2. Newfpaper or Daily Account of Goods imported or exported arc. ' printed or publiihed in the County or County of the City of fktfk,

V	ii	which



Penalty.

Before whom Affidavits made.

Fee.

Perjury.

Affidavits Evidence agaiuft Printer.

i8i*.	$2*	QEO. III.	C126.	693

is or from time to time (hall be Hable to any Stamp Duty, (hall y Day of Publication thereof, or on fuch Day next following fliaU not be an Holyday, between the Hours of Ten and Three 1 Day, caufe to be delivered to the Regiftrar of Pamphlets, uch other Perfon as (hall be appointed to ad as Regiftrar in See of fuch Regiftrar, or of fuch Perfon fo appointed to ad as rar, in the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, One Im-1 Or Copy of the Newfpaper or daily Account fo printed or ed, with his or her Name written thereon, after the lame (hall ted, by his or her own proper Hand Writing, in his or her med manner of (igning tne fame 5 and every Printer or Pub-F a Newfpaper printed or publifhed in any other Place in /re-lali, on the Day of the Publication of (uch Newfpaper, or Day next following which (hall not be an Holyday, in like between the Hours of Ten and Three of the Clock, caufe to ered to the next Diftributor of Stamps in the County in fuch Newfpaper fnall be printed or publifhed, Two Im-s or Copies of every fuch Newfpaper fo printed or pub-srith his or her Name written thereon, after the fame (hall be by his or herproper Hand, in his or her accuftomed manner lg the fame 5 tor which feveral Copies or Impreflions fo deli-ic refpedive Printers or Publiftiers thereof (hall be paid the id Current Prices of fuch Impreflions or Copies ; which faid Copies or Impreflions fo delivered as aforefaid (hall be and hereby declared to be Evidence again ft the feveral Pro-, Publifhers and Printers of fuch Newfpapers refpe&ively, omplaints. Suits, Actions, Indi&ments, Informations, Profe-and Proceedings to be commenced and carried on, as well I fuch Newfpapers refpe&ively, as every Matter and Thing contained, and touching any other Newfpaper, and any or atter and Thing therein contained which (hall be of the tie. Purport or Effeft with fuch lmpreffion or Copy fo de-1 a fore faid, although the fame (hould vary in fome In dances ;

Printers and Publifhers and Proprietors of the Impreflions or o delivered as aforefaid, (hall to all Intents and Purpofes be Printers, Publifhers or Proprietors refpe&ively of all Newf-rhich (hall be of the fame Title, Purport or Effe& with fuch r Impreflions fo delivered a9 aforefaid, unlefs fuch Printers, rs or Proprietors refpe&ively (hall prove that fuch Newf-■efpe&ivehr were not printed or publifhed by them refpec-• by or with their Knowledge, Privity or Direftion ; and every Proprietor or Publifher ofTuch Newfpaper or Newfpapers, or rrcount of Goods imported and exported, who (hall negle& to deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch Copies or Im-, or Copy or lmpreffion, (igned as aforefaid, as hereinbefore . (ball, for every fuch Omiffion, pay a Penalty of One hundred Penalty.

[II* And whereas many Printers and Publifhers of Newf-ftrike off a Second Publication or lmpreffion, containing Vdvertifements or other Matter than arc contained in the >r Copies given in 3t the Stamp Office in Dublin as aforefaid, be Diftributor, if in the Country, by which means the Duty e in refpe& of fuch Newfpaper may be evaded and other ief» stud Inconveniences arife*,* Be it therefore enafted, That Y y a	any

Goo<

f>9 4

Second Editions of Ncwfpapets.

P« ulty.

Title of Paper lodged at Stamp Office Evidence q^inft Printer.

Copies fo lodged Evidence againft Printer*.

Printers outlawed, &c. fhall not have Stamps for Papers.

C. 116»	5*®GEO. ID.	A.D.181!.

any Printer or Pubiifhcr in Ireland who (hall vary any of die dj3j Publications, or pnblifh fnch Second Impreffion, withortpagin, in manner aforefaid, a Copy of fuch Second Impreffion forad as aforefaid, if in Dublin to the Head Office as aforefaid, or tin the Country without giving in, in manner aforefaid, Two Copies to At Drflributor of Stamps, figned as aforefaid, (ball, for every feck Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; andevtryfoA Second or other varied Impreffion fhall be deemed to be mifbtfnped, and the Printer and Pubiifhcr thereof fhall be liable to all fach Paiia, Penalties and Forfeitures as if the fame were undamped.

• CL1V. And, for the Purpofe of facilitating the Proof of focb Offences refpeftivcly, be it enafted, That upon all Trials of A&bu, Informations or Suits, for any of the faid Offences, any Newfpaper of the fame Title as that for which anyrDefendant in any fach A&ioc, Ijiformatibn or Suit fhall be regiftcred at the Stamp Office as Printer, Proprietor or Publifher, fhall be fufficient Evidence that fuch Paper was printed and publifhed by fuch Perfon or Perforafe Eegittered, unlefs the Defendant in fuch Aftion, Information or Sait, fhall fhew the contrary by fatisfaftory Evidence; and further, tk upon all fuch Trials the Proof of the Defendant or Defendants therai having given in, in manner aforefaid, a Copy of fuch Impreffion ig«d as aforefaid, if in Dublin to the Stamp Office as aforefaid, or if intk Country, Two Copies to the Didribntor of Stamps figned as afore* faid, fhall lie upon fuch Defendant or Defendants.

CLV. And be it further enafted, That if the Printer, PnbHte or Proprietor of any Newfpaper, or Paper ferving the Purpofe of I Newfpaper in Ireland, upon any Trial in any Complaint, Suit, Affiofi, Indiftroent, Information or Profecution, to be commenced or arriri on touching fuch Newfpaper, fhall not admit that the Imprtiw or Copy of the Paper left at the Stamp Office in the City of JW&, or with the Dillributor of Stamps in the County in which loch Newfpaper fhall be printed or publifhed, was printed orpubHW by him or her, then and in fuch cafe any fuch Copy or Imprdfei which fhall have been left at the Stamp Office in the City of biJ&i or with the Diftributor of Stamps in the County wherein fed Newfpaper fhall be printed at the times hereinbefore direfted,ffiJ be confidered as printed and publifhed by him or her, though the fame (hall not appear to be duly figned in his or her Hand-writfcj, and though it fhall not appear by whom the fame was foleft,un)rfik or fhe fhall prove that he or fhe left or caufed to be left at the dlls by this Adi required, a printed Copy or Impreffion, or Two yrietri Copies or Impreffions of the Paper publifhed by him or her with the Officer or Perfon with whom he or fhe is by this Aft dneffed to leave the fame, with his or her Name written thereon in his or be own Hand-writing in the manner direfted by this Aft.

CLV I. And be it further enafted, That if any Printer or M* lifher of any Newfpaper, or other Paper ferving the Purnofeef i Newfpaper in Ireland, fhall be by due Courfe of Law ouik*ed for any Criminal Offence, or fhall receive Judgment for printngor jmb* lifhing a traiterous or feditious Libel, tbe faid CoramiSoaen and their Officers for diftributing damped Vellum, PkrcfnBrft or Paper refpeftively, are hereby prohibited to fell or defiver to or for the ufe of any fuch Printer or Publifher fo outlawed, or who Staff bwtfe

io	vttibd



8 r-2.	5 2° GEO. IIL	C.126.	69	s

1 Judgment for fuch Libel, any ftamped Paper for printing wfpaper.

711. And be it further enaded, That if any Printer, Pub- Printers becom-r Proprietor of any Newfpaper, which fhall be at any time ing Bankrupts, ?d in Ireland, fhall have become a Bankrupt, cr nun compot &c> or shall be outlawed for any Crime, or fhall receive Judgment >ting or publifhing any traiterous or feditious Libel, then and ' fuch cafe fuch Printer or Printers, Publifher or Publifhers, tor or Proprietors refpedively, fhall no longer be entitled or publifh iuch Newfpaper, but fhall as to any fuch Right be ed from thenceforth as if he, fhe or they never had made fuch it as a fore (aid.

Ill- Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing ontained fhall beconftrued to extend to prevent the Affignees Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or the Committee or Committees Lunatic, or other Perfon, from printing or publifhing fuch per, upon rmaking the^Affidavit and entering into Recog-or Bond refpedively by Law required, that they are aters and Publifhers of fuch Newfpapers refpedively, in ar the EfUte of fuch Bankrupt, Lunatic or other Perfon

*ly-

And be it further enaded, That the leaving or Ser-any* legal Procefs in any Suit to be brought againft any Publi fner or Proprietor of any Newfpaper or Pamphlet for the Purpofe of recovering any Debt or Penalty his A&, or any other Ad which fhall from time to time >rce in Ireland, relating in any wife to the Colledion or k>n of any Stamp Duties or Duty at the Printing Office ■ where fuch Newfpaper or Pamphlet refpedively fhall be jally printed or publifhed, fhall be deemed and confidered utesta and Purpofes good Service of fuch Procefs.

. And be it further enaded, That any Perfon who fhall buy fhall, without lawful Excufe, have or keep in his, her or >ffeflioD in Ireland, any undamped Newfpaper, fhall be fub-1 liable to the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every undamped per to bought or fold, or fo found in his, her of their >n ; and every Printer, Proprietor or Publifher of any un-Newfpaper, or daily Account, or Paper ferving the Pur-a Newfpaper, fhall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for aper fo undamped, which he, fhe or they fhall print or pub-caule to be printed or publifhed.

J. And be it further enaded, That if any Printer, Publifher metor of a Newfpaper, Intelligencer or Occurrences or any erving the Purpofes of fuch, mail have in his, her or their >n in Ireland, fuch Paper not duly damped, or if fuch Paper t found in the Houfe, Office or Printing Office of fuch , Publifher or Proprietor, which fhall be printed, or in Part upon undamped Paper, fuch Printer, Publifher or Proprietor £nb|ed and liable to all the Penalties and Forfeitures f>y any en ui force in Ireland, impofed or to be impofed upon b Publifhers or Proprietors, for printing or publifhing fuch jjttf as aforefaid upon undamped Paper.

QL And be it further enaded. That in all cafes where any or Ftrfoai who is, are or fhall be etftitfed to obuia from

Y y 3	the

Affignees of Bankrupts allowed to print.

Service of Procefs at Printing Office fufficient.

Buying, &c. or having undamped Newfpapers.

Penally,

Printers having

undamped

Newfpaper*.

PenaltiM.

Printers (hall ndk fupply others with Sump*

VjOOO L

A.D.i?a

696

Penalty.

Penalty.

Payment of Duty on Adver-tilements.

Allowance.

Penalty.

Neglefting to pay Dune*.

Officers felling. See.

^ Penalty.

C. 126.

52* GEO. III.

the faid Commiffionersof Stamp Duties in Ireland,, or theirOficcn, damped Paper for the printing of any Newfpaper or other bprr as aforefaid, of which he, (he or they is, are, or ftull be Printer or Printers, Publifher or Publifhers, Proprietor or Proprietors y\ fumifh or fupply any other Perfon or Perfons with any fuchfbaiped Paper, every fuch Printer, Publifher or Proprietor (ball, for eiey fuch Offence, forfeit a Sum of Forty Pounds ; and if any Perk or Perfons (hall make ufe of any damped Paper for the printing of any Newfpaper or other Paper as aforefaid, which he, (he or they (hall receive or be furoifhed with by any other Perfon or Perfoii than the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, or their Officers, or Diftributors, every fuch Perfon (hall, for every inch Offence, forfeit a Sum of Forty Pounds.

CLXIII. And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfoo wbo fhall print or publifh in Ireland any Advertifemeiit or Advertiieoetti in any Pamphlet, Newfpaper or other literary Performance, fall within the Spaee of Thirty Days next after the laft Day of each Month, if fuch Advertisement or Advertisements fhall be printed or publifhed within the City of Dublin, pay or caufe to be paid the Stamp Duty or Duties which fhall be then by Law charged thereon, to.the refpedtive Perfons appointed to receive the fame, or to their refpe&ive Deputies or Clerks ; and if printed or pabiilhed in any Part of Ireland, out of the Limits of the City of D&t, then to the next adjacent Officer for the time being, appointed for the Collection of Stamp Duies, and the faid Commiffiooen and Officers, or fuch of them to whom it fhall appertain, ait hereby required upon Payment of the laid Duties on luch Adveitiknesti to give a Receipt or Receipts for the Duty or Duties fo paid, and upon Payment thereof in tne manner and within the time hmo-before for that Purpofe limited, the faid Coramiffionera or their Officers receiving the fame fhall make to the Perfon or Period paying the fame out of the Sums fo to be paid fuch Allowance thereont, c any, as fhall be then warranted by Law ; and in Default of kb Payment within the time hereinbefore for that Purpofe limited, the Printer or Publi/her of eveiy fuch Advertifement mail be fahb to pay Treble the Amount of the Duties then by Law chargeable thereupon, to be recovered by His Majesty with the full Cob of Suit; and if any Printer, Publifher or Proprietor of a Newfpaper or other Paper ferving the Purpofes of a Newfpaper, fhall witha the time hereinbefore limited for Payment of the faia Doties on Adier-tifements negleA to pay the fame, the faid Commiffiouers and their Officers for diflributing Stamps, (tamped Vellum, Paper aod Parchment refpeCtivelv, are hereby prohibited to fell or deliver to or for tbe Ufe of fuch Printer, Publifher or Proprietor, any ftamped Phper for printing any Newfpaper upon, until fuch Printer, Publifher or Proprietor fo in Arrear mall nave paid and difehareed all Arrean of Advertifement Duty, to the Payment of which he was fufajed, cp to, and for the laft Day of the Month, next preceding the Mash in which fuch Payment fhall be made: and if any Officer under the faid Commiffioners fhall knowingly fell or deliver mj lamped Paper for printing a Newfpaper upon, contrary to the afawiid Prohibition, he fhall upon Convi&ion thereof forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, and if Judgment fhall be entered againft any fuch Oicer upon Information for fuch Offence, every fuch Perfoo flail forint to

I	Ofee,

A.D. i8n.

5 2° GEO. IIL

Ci 26.

Office, aud (hall be for ever difabled from holding any Office under tbe Commiffioners of Stamp Duties.

CLXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That no Printer or other Per- Bond for Pay-fon or Perfons (hall publifh in Irelaud any Newfpaper, or any Paper mem of Duty, ferviog the Purpofe of a Newfpaper, unleis he, me or they, together with the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Paper, and together with Two fufficient Sureties, (hall previous thereto have entered into Security by Bond in a Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, nor k(i than Two hundred Pounds, to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, conditioned for tbe Payment of the Duties which (hall or may from time to time be payable upon all Advertisements which (hall be printed therein, upon Pain that every Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds ; and that no Officer appointed for Penalty, diftributing Vellum, Parchment or Paper in Irclandy (hall fell or deliver any (tamped Paper for printing any public Newfpaper, Intelligencer or Occurrences to any Perfon, unlefs fuch Perion (hall have previoudy given fuch Security for the Payment of the faid Duties ; and if any Officer (hall fell or deliver any (tamped Paper for printing a Newfpaper on, to any Perfon who (hall not have entered into fuch Security, knowing that fuch Security was not entered into, he (hall upon Convitiion thereof forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds ; and if Penalty. Judgment (hall be entered againft any fuch Officer upon Information	~

for luch Offence, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit his Office, and (hall be for ever difabled from holding any Office under the Commiffioners of Stamp Duties.

CLXV. Aud be it further enaded, That all the Materials and Fritting Mate-Uteulils for Printiog, ufed in and kept at or belonging to any Print- rials feiied lev ing Houfe in Irdandy in which any Newfpaper, or any Paper ferving DutX* tbe Purpofe of a Newfpaper as aforefaid, hath been or (hall be printed, into whofe Hands foever the fame (hall have come, or (hall come, or by whatfoever Conveyance or Title the fame (hall be claimed, (hall be in the firft Place, liable and fubjed to and are hereby charged with all and every fuch Sum and Sums of Money as (hall have become due for the Duties which are or have been, or from time to time (hall be by Law, charged on the Advertifements which have been, or (ball be printed or publiffied in fuch Newfpaper or other Paper as , aforefaid, and as (hall be due for Fines or Penalties adjudged again 11 tbe Printer or Printers, Publiffier or Publifhers, Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Newfpaper, under and by virtue of any Ad or Ads which (hall be then of force in Irdandy relating in any wife to the CoQe&ion or Regulation of *any Stamp Duties or Duty during fuch. time as fuch Materials or Utenfils (hall have belonged to, or been ufed in, or kept at fuch Printing Houfe as aforefaid ; and it (hall and may be lawful in all cafes to levy fuch Sum and Sums of Money, upon luch Materials and Utenfils in like manner as if the Printer or Printers of fuch Newfpaper or other Paper as aforefaid, w'ere the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Materials and Utenfils at the time of levying the fame.

CLXVI. And, for the better fecuring the Payment of Stamp Game Certifi-Dutieson Certificates with refpett to the killing of Game in Irdandy cate* be it ena&ed, That, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, every Perfon in Ireland not ading as a Game Keeper, under or by virtue of a Deputation or Appointment duly regitlered as hereinafter direded, who (hall keep or ufc any Dog, or any Gun, Net or other

Mode of granting Certificate by Stamp Dif-tribuiors.

Certificate.

Diftributor refu-fing to grant Certificate.

Engine# for the taking or Deftru&ion of Gaine, ftiaS previorfr deliver in a Paper or Account in Writing, containing tie Nme isd Place of Abode of fuch Perfon to fome Diftributor of Sumps/rr-land, and (hall annually take out a Certificate thereof from 0*of fuch Diftributors, and that every Deputation or Appomtnotd % Game Keeper, granted to any Perfon by any Lord or Lady d i Manor# or other Perfon having a Right to make any fuch Dentition or Appointment in /re/aiu/, (hall be regiftered with the Diftributor of Stamps in the City of Dublin, or with a Diftributor of Stamps in any One County, wherein fnch Deputation or Appeal-roent is to be of force, and the Game Keeper fo appointed, ftaU n-nually take out a Certificate thereof on Vellum, Parchment or Piper, duly damped according to fuch Laws as (hall from time to tin* be in force relating thereto, which faid Vellum, Parchment or ftper refpedtively, with fuch Stamp thereon refpe&ively, (hall be farad and provided by the Perfon or Perfont requiring fuch Ortifkata -refpe&ively.

CLXVII. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the Firft Day of January in each Year, every Perfon delivering into the Office of any fuch Diftributor of Stamps in Ireland ae aforefaid, i Paper or Account containing as is hereinbefore required, and every Game Keeper to whom any fuch Deputation or Appointment (ballbe granted as aforefaid, regiftering the fame in manner afourfeid, and producing a Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, damped with the Duty which (hall be then by Law required thereon ; and alfo paying the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence to fuch Difbfator of Stamps as aforefaid for hie Trouble, aod requiring a Certificate thereof, (hall be annually entitled to fuch Certificate; and rvtry fuch Diftributor of Stamps (hall thereupon iffue a Certificate os fuch (lamped Paper, Vellum or Parchment, in the Form or to da Effect following ; that is to fay,

T yf. B. Diftributor of Stamps for the County of * * [or, for the Diftrict of	,	as	the	cofe sej

happen to be~] do hereby certify, that

of	in	the	Parifh	of	js

the Barony of'	and	County	or	City	[*/ the

cafe may be~] of	hath	this	Day	dAvercd

into my Office a Paper, containing his Name and Pface of Abode, [as the cafe may happen to be] hath this Day regiftered a Deputation, whereby he is appointed a Game Keeper by

Dated this

* Day of	/

CLXVII1. And be it further ena&ed, That fach Diftributor of Stamps after he (hall have figned fuch Certificate (kail forthwith iffue the fame (lamped as hereinbefore it dire&ed, to tbe Perfaa or Perfons refpe&ively requiring the fame in manner aforefaid fiad (hall, previous to the Delivery thereof, be entitled to demndrad receive of and from fuch Perfon the Sum 01 Two Sbdlingf rad Six pence as aforefaid for his own Trouble in that Behai/; rad in cafe any fuch Diftributor of Stamps (hall upon Payment or Teoder to him of the faid Sum of Two Shillings and Six peso, and on Production of fuch Paper, Vellum or Parchment fa damped as afart-faid9 negled or refute to iffue to fuch Perfon a* adbttfaid fa delimsf



A.D.X8I2.

52° GEO. in.

C.!2tf.

#99

fuch Piper or Account in Writing, or regiftering fuch Deputation as aforefaid, a Certificate in manner and Form as hereinbefore is di-re&ed, every fuch Diftributor of Stamps fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and moreover be liable Penalty, to pay to His Majcfty, his Heirs and Succeffors, the Duty payable on fuch Certificate.

CLX1X. And be it further ena&ed, That every Certificate iffued Certificates to by aoy Diftributor of Stamps as aforefaid, ftiall bear Date on the Day con?Jnu€ *n fojrct of the Month on which the fame fhall be iffued, and fhall endure and March anmwBv. rmm in force from thence until the Twenty fifth Day of March U	**

next following the Date thereof, and no longer; and if any Diftri* butor of Stamps fhall iffue any Certificate to any Perfon other* wife than as hereinbefore dirc&ed, he (hall forfeit and pay the Sum af Twenty Pounds.	Psnsky.

CLXX. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon fhall have, Keeping Dogs* Itcep or ufe any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel &c. not certiteA or other Dog, or any Gun, Net or other Engine for the Taking or Deftru&ion of any Hare, Pheafant, Partridge, Heath Fowl, com* monly called Black Game, or Groufe commonly called Rid Game, ir any other Game whatfoever, without having duly obtaiued a Cer-jficate for the fame according to Law, every fuch Perfon fhall, (or :very fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.	Penalty.

CLXX1. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon to whom Game Keeper iny Deputation or Appointment of a Game Keeper fhall be granted not taking out after the Commencement of this A 61, fhall for the 8pace of One Certificate. Calendar Month next after the time of granting the fame* neglect or refufe to regifter the fame, and take out a Certificate thereof accord* ing to Law, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.	Penalty.

CLXXI1. And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Diftribu- Diftributors to tors of Stamps in Ireland, fhall on or before the Fifth Day of every make Returns Month tranfmit to the Commiffioners of Stamp Dutits at their of Certificates Dice in Dublin, a correct Lift in Alphabetical Order of the Cer* SraDtC(I* tificates by them refpe&ively iffued in the then laft preceding Month, ind fhall keep in their refpe&ive Offices corre& Copies of fuch Lifts $ md in eafe any Diftributor of Stamps fhall negle& or refufe to make )ut and tranfmit any of fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or to keep a coire&

Copy thereof, or fhall not infert in fuch Liftt, a full, true and perfe6t Account as hereinbefore directed, of all the Perfont the fame ought x> contain ; then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Diftributor fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

CLXXIII. And be it further ena&cjjh That every fuch Lift Lifts of Certifi* ipon fuch Tranfmiffion thereof as aforefaid, fhall b« depofited and cates at Head iept at the Stamp Office in Dublin, and that the fame and alfo the Dopy thereof fo kept by the Diftributor fending the fame, fhall and nay within the refpe&ive Office Hours be reforted to and infpe&ed )y any Perfon whatfoever, on Payment of One Shilling and no more $ lad if any fuch Diftributor on Demand duly made within Office Hours, and on Payment or Tender to him of the (aid Sum of On*

Shilling, fhall refufe, decline, negle& or omit to produce fuch Copy fo kept at the Office of fuch Diftributor to the Perfon or Perfona fo denuding the fame, every fuch Diftributor fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds to the Perfon or Perfons fo Penalty, aggrieved, or any One or more of them, who fhall firft fue for the



7©o

Li As pub lifted.

New Deputation on Removal of Game Keeper.

Penalties.

Provifa

Production of Certificate.

IVefufiag.

C.I26.

52* GEO. III.

AJXiia

fame; the fame to be recovered by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurifdi&ion.

CLXXIV. And be it further ena&ed. That the Commifigeenof Stamp Duties in Ireland, if it (hall feem to them expedient bio do, and fo ofteu and atfuch times, once in every Year, ai they kail think fit, (hall and may publifh the Lifts fo tranfmitted to them, or caufe the fame to be inlerted in the Newfpapers circulating in od refpeftive County, or in fuch public Newfpapers as to them ftafl feta mod proper.

CLXXV. And whereas fuch Deputation of a Game Keener ay be revoked or ceafe by Death, Resignation or Removal, before tk Expiration of fuch Certificate, and the Perfon entitled them* to make a new Deputation, may be unable to get Poflef&ou of fad Certificate 5 be it therefore ena&ed. That if any Lord or Lady ofa Manor, or other Perfon as aforefaid, (hall make any new Dcputatka or Appointment within the Year, of a Game Keeper for any Mwr or Lands, in the Room of the Perfon previouily appointed, and to whom any Certificate as aforefaid (hall have been preriouflyiffued; and fuch Perfon fo newly appointed (hall regifter fuch new Deputation or Appointment with the Diftributor of Stamps, in the hue Diftridt in which fuch former Certificate was granted, and (haD obtain a new Certificate thereof, every former Certificate granted ii the fame Year, on a Deputation figned by the fame Perfon, (hall froc thenceforth be null and void ; and any Perfon a&ing under any fnch former Certificate, after the granting of fuch new and other Certificate, having Notice thereof, (hall be liable to all Penalties which v? or (hall be prescribed by Law, in the fame manner as if no Certificate had been granted to fuch Perfon : Provided always, that ia every fuch cafe the Diftributor granting fuch further Certfec within the Year, (hall write at the Foot thereof tbefe Words; to wit, • Second/ ( Third, Fourth, and fo on, as the cafe may be), 6r-tificate within this Year; and (hall fubferibe fuch Memoraodia with his Name, and that every fuch further Certificate fo fubfaibed (hall not require any Stamp, but (hall be good and valid, as if duly (lamped; any A61 now made, or hereafter to be made, notwithftand-ing, unlefs this Provifion (hall be by fuch future Aft exprdfy repealed.

CLXXV 1. And be it further ena6led. That if any Perfon or Per-fons (hall be found ufing any Dog, Gun, Net or other Eogioe, for the taking or Deftrudtion of Game, it (hall and maybe lawful for the Occupier of the Land where he (hall be fo found, or for say Perfon or Perfons having any Eftate whatfoever in the faid Land, whether in PofTefiion, Remainder, Reverfion or future Intereft, or for any Perfon who hath obtained a Certificate in manner hereinbefore dire£ted, and (hall produce the fame, to demand and require from the Perfon fo ufing fuch Dog, Gun, Net or Engine as aforefaid, to produce and (hew a Certificate iffued to him for that Purpofc, as hems-before is direded, and every fuch Perfon fhall, upon fuch Desad and Requifition as aforefaid, produce fuch Certificate to the ftdbn fo demanding and requiring the fame, and permit the ftoe to be ia. fpefited accordingly ; and if any fuch Perfon (hail wilfully refufe to produce and fhew a Certificate iffued to him for that Purpcfe, or (hall decline to produce or (hew the fame, or not having produced and (hewn fuch Certificate, (hall refufe on Demand thereof to give is la

Naoc



2.

C .126.

701

5 20 geo. in.

Surname, and the Place of his Refidence, or (hall give in >r fi&itious Name or Place of Refidence, every fuch Perfon jg (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds.	Penalty.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That the Certificate here- Certificate n#

1 to be iffued by any Diftributor of Stamps, (hall not au* Qualification.

1 enable any Perfon to ufe any Greyhound, Hound, Poin-bg Dog* Spaniel, or other Dog, or any Gun, Net, or other ir the Taking or Deftru&ion of Game at any time or times,

I Place, or in any manner prohibited by any Law now in thereafter to be made, nor (hall give to any Perfon any Right ^Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel or other "any Gun, Net or other Engine for tne Taking or Deftruc-Same, unlefs fuch Perfon (hall be otherwife duly qualified by to do, nor in any Place in which fuch Perfon would not other-t a Right to ule the fame.

XVIII. And be it further enaded, That whenever any Pro- Onus Probandi. or Proceeding (hall be had or commenced againft any Perfon )ing or ufing any Dog, Gun, Net or Engine for the Taking ruction of Game, without having obtained a Certificate duly 1 in manner required by Law, the Proof that fuch Perfon has 1 fuch Certificate duly (tamped, (hall lie on the Party againft fuch Profecution or Proceeding (hall be had or commenced,

. on the Party complaining; any Law or Ufage to the court withftanding.

(XIX. And be it further enaded, That if any Adion or Limitation of all be brought or commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for A&ioos. ng done under the Authority of or in purfuance of this Ad, ay Ad which (hall then be in force in Ireland, relating in any ► the Payment or Regulation of Stamp Duty or Duties, fave otherwife particularly direded, then and in every fuch cafe the ftion or Suit (hall be commenced within' Six Calendar Months e Fad committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be brought in unty or Place where the Caufe of Adion (hall arife and not ire, and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Suit wrought may plead the General lffue, and give the fpecial Central UTo4 in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the as done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Ad or her Ads as aforefaid ; and if it (hall appear to be fo done, tj fuch Adion or Suit (hall be brought after the time before for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any County, City :e, other than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the f in fuch Adion (hall be nonfuited, and if the Plaintiff or 7s (hall be fo or otherwife nonfuited, or (hall difeontinue his, their Adion, or if a Verdid (hall pafs againft the Plaintiff or (is, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment (hall be given againft the 7 or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (hall and may re-[Yeble Cods, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any TfeUe q0%u lant or Defendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit in other cafes

w.

(XX. And be it further enaded, That all the Penalties (hall be incurred under this Ad, or under any Ad or Ads is, are or (hall be in force in Ireland, in any wife relating to the at or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or L>uties,a(hall oe paid

and

Penalties pay-able in’Bntifli Currency.



Goo

70a	C.	12<J.	5J	GEO.	III.	A-D.iSu.

Recovery of Penalties by A&ion or Civil Bill



Condemnation of Goods feiaed before One Jultice ; who may determine Claim!.

Fee.

and payables and received and receivable in Britl/b Currency, unleis otherwife exprefsly directed.

CLXXXI. And be it further enabled, That all Penalties and Forfeitures’impofed or to be impofed by or under this Aft, or any Amendment thereof, or any other Aft or Afts which is or are or {hall be in force in Inland, in any wife relating to the Payment or Regula-tion of any Stamp Duty, may be recovered with Cofts of Suit by any Perfon who fhall fue for the fame, fave where the contrary is parti* cularly direfted, by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty’s fuperior Courts of Record in DnUm% in which no Effoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One imparlance (hall be allowed, or by Civil Bill in the Court of the Re* corder. Chairman or Affiftant Barrifter within whofc Local Jurif-diftion fuch Offence (hall have been committed; and that every fucb Penalty not particularly direfted to be otherwife applied (hall belong, One Moiety thereof to the Ufe of His Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Ufe of the Perfon fuing for the fame, and that the like Appeal lhall and may be lawful from the Decifion on any foch Civil Bill, and under all the fame Terms, Regulations and Conditions as in the cafe of any Civil Bill for any Sum not exceeding Ttwenty Pounds in an Aftion of Debt on a Bond, Bill or Specialty for Payment of Money only.

CLXXXI I. And be it further enafted, That in every cafe ia which by or under the Provifions of this Aft, or of any other Aft or Afts in force, or which (hall at any time be in force in Irdmdt relating in any wife to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Doties or Duty, any Seizure is direfted or permitted to be made, the Perfsa or Perfons making fucb Seizure (hall within Ten Days from the time of making fuch Seizure, leave at the Office of the Dill rib u tor of the Diflrift wherein fuch Seizure (hall have been made, a.Note in Writ* ing figned by fuch Perfon or Perfons, ftating the Time and Place of fuch Seizure, and the Reafon for making the fame, which Note (ball be immediately filed at the faid Office; and io every fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners, or any of the Owners of fuch Goods fo feized, or of any Part thereof, at any time after the filing of fuch Note and within Twenty one Days froa the Day of fuch Seizure, to require and obtain at fuch Office a Copy of fuch Note, paying for the fame a Sum of One Shilling and no moit, and to leave at fuch Office a Claim in Writing figned by fuch Perfon or Perfons, ftating his or her Place of Abode, and claiming fuch Goods Co feized, or any Part thereof that may be fpecified theseia, as or on Behalf of the Owner or Owners, or One of the Owners thereof, and thereupon it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid Perfon or Perfons (o making fuch Seizure, at any time not exceeding Thirty Days from the making of fuch Seizure, to require a Copy of fuen Claim, paying for the tame One Shilling and no more, and to make Application to any Juftice of the Peace in and for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town wherein fuch Seizure (ball have been fo made, for a Summons to the Perfon or Perfons b making fuch Claim, and fuch Juftice of the Peace (hall ifTnc fuch Summons accordingly, thereby requiring every fuch Claimant to appear before him at a Time and Place to be therein named for the De* cilion of fuch Claim; and fuch Summons being duly fated on fuch Claimant or Claimants, either perfonally, or at his, her or their Place

tr

Google

AD.iSia.

C. 126.

TQ3

52° GEO. m.

or Places of Abode mentioned in fuch Claim, and Copies of fuch Seizing Note and Claim, attefted by tbe Diftributor of fuch Diftrift, or Perfon or Perfons acting as fuch, being produced before fuch Juftice of the Peace, he (hall and may proceed to hear the Merits thereof, and fuch Evidttice or AdmifGons, if any, as may be produced or made applicable thereto, and (hall thereupon, or upon the Non Appearance of cither Party, decide on the Merits of fuch Seizure, and make his Adjudication thereon accordingly: Provided always, that it (hall ApptA and may be lawful to and for either Party againft whom fuch Adjudication (hall be fo made, at any time within Ten Days from the making thereof, to appeal therefrom in manner hereinafter mentioned to the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace which (hall be held after Fourteen clear Days from fuch Adjudication, who (hall in fc fnmmary way hear and decide on the fame 5 and in cafe the Judgment of fuch Juftice of the Peace (hall be affirmed, it (hall and may bo lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices at Seffions as aforefaid, to award the Perfon or Perfons fo appealing to pay fuch Cofts occafioned by fuch Appeal as to him or them (hall feem meet.

CLXXXIII. And be it further enaded, That if the Perfon of Sciiure* urfitr* Perfons fo making fuch Seizure (hall not leave fuch Note in Writing ful for want of at fuch Diftributor* s Office as aforefaid, or in cafe of fuch Claim Notice,&<. being put in as aforefaid, (hall not caufe fuch Summons to be iffued and ferved as aforefaid, fuch Seizure fhall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes to have been unlawfully made; and if, after the filing of fuch Seizing Note as aforefaid, fuch Claim (hall not be made as aforefaid, fuch Seizure (hall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes to have been lawful and juft, and if fuch Summons /hall have been iffued, then the Adjudication of fuch Juftice, if not effec-tually appealed from, and in cafe of fuch Appeal the Decifion of fuch Court of Quarter Seffions /hall be final and conclufivc to all Intents and Purpofes.

CLXXXIV. And be it further enabled, That the Party defirou9 Recognizaa** nf making fuch Appeal /hall within Ten Days from the making of on Appeal, foch Adjudication enter into a Recognizance with Two fufficient Sureties before the Juftice making fuch Adjudication, or in his Ab-fence before any other Juftice of the Peace of the fame County, or-County of a City, in fuch Sum as fuch Juftice /hall think proper, to pay the Cofts, if any, which may be adjudged againft him, her or them thereon, and that if he, /he or they /hall not do fo, fuch Appeal /ball be confidered as null and void.

CLXXXV. And be it further enaded, That it /ball and may How Penalii* be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace in Ireland within whole Ju- n<* exceeding rifdi&ioB any Offence for which the Penalty (hall not exceed Forty 4°®* reco*ere-* Pounds /hall be committed againft this Ad, or againft any other Act or Ads m force, or which /hall at any time be in force in Ireland wilting in any wife to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty, in which it is not exprefsly direded to the con-’tTaiy, and every fuch Juftice is hereby authorized, empowered and required upon any Information or Complaint in fuch cafe to fummon the Party accufed of fuch Offence, and alfo the Witne/Tes on either Side, and to examine into the Fad, and upon Proof thereof made to his Satisfadion, either by the Confeffion of the Party or Perfon accufed of fuch Offence, or by the Oath of One or more Wit-»eft or Witneffes, to give Judgment for fuch Penalty, and there#

upon



C. 126.

A.D.1D11.

7<M

52° GEO. III.

App«iL

iurtUrari

I .Imitation of Complaint.

Witnefle* refusing to attend.

upon to HTue his Warrant under hk Hand and Seal, for levying fuch Penalty on the Goods of fuch Offender, and to caufc Sale to be made thereof in cafe the fame (hall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where Goods fufficient cannot be found to anfwer fuch Penalty, fuch Juftice of the Peace or any other Juftice of the Peace of the fame County, or County of a City or Town in which fuch Convidion (ball be, is hereby authorized and empowered to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to Prifon for fuch time as he (hall judge to be proper, not lefs than One Calendar Month nor more than Three Calendv Months, unicfs fuch Penalty (hall be fooner paid ; and if any Perfon, whether Profecutor or Party convided, (hall find himfelf or bcrfelf aggrieved by the Judgment of any fuch Juftice of the Peace, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch Perfon upon giving fufficient Security by Recognizance, with Two fufficient Sureties, before fuch Juftice, in cafe fuch Appeal (hall be by the Profecutor, to pay fuch Cofts as (hall be awarded in cafe fuch Judgment (ball be affirmed ; and in cafe fuch Appeal (hall be by the Party convided, then upon giving fuch Security to pay the Amount of the Penalty impofed by fuch Convidion, together with fuch Cofts as afore(aid,to appeal to the Juftice or Juftices at the next General Seffions of the County which (hall be held after Fourteen clear Days from fuch Con-vi&ion (hall have been made, in the Diftrid in which fuch Offence /hall have been committed, if fuch County (hall be divided into Dif-trids, or if not fo divided, then at the General Seffions of the County or County of a Town or City which (hall happen next after Fourteen clear Days after fuch Convidion (hall have been made, of which Appeal Notice in Writing (hall be given to the adverfe Party Ten clear Days previous to the Firft Day of fuch Quarter SefBons refpedively ; and fuch Juftices at fuch Seffions (hall lummon and examine Witnefles upon Oath and finally hear and determine fuch Appeal ; and in cafe the Judgment of fuch Juftice of the Peace (hall be affirmed, it (hall and mav be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices as aforefaid, to award the Perfon or Perfons fo appealing to pay fuch Cofts occafioned by fuch Appeal as to him or them (h3l feem meet, and fuch Juftice or Juftices of the faid Court of Quarter Seffions (hall and may thereupon proceed in the fame manner in all refpeds as the Juftice making fuch Convidion might or could have done if fuch Appeal had not taken place, and no Certiorari (hall in any cafe be granted to examine or remove any fuch Convidion whether before or after fuch Appeal.

CLXXXVI. And be it further enaded, Tliat no Perfon (ball be liable to be convided before any Juftice of the Peace for any Offence committed againft this Ad or any other Ad, empowering or in soy wife relating to the Colledion or Management of any Stamp Duty or Duties, unlefs Complaint (hall be made within Twelve Mouths from the time of committing fuch Offence.

CLXXXVI I. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall be fummoned as a Witnefs or Witneffes to give Evidence in any of the faid cafes before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, or before any Juftice or Juftices at the Seffions, and (hall negled or refufe to appear, (the Expence of fuch Witnefs or Witnefles being firft paid or tendered, without a reafonable Excufe to be ^allowed by fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, or Juiiice or Jufticd

at



A.D.1812*

C.126.

705

52® GEO. IIL

at Seffiona refpe&ively,) or, upon appearing, (hall refufe to be examined upon Oath, or to give Evidence Before fuch Juft ice or Juftices of the Peace, or Juftice or Juftices at Seifions refpe&ively, , and (hall not make reasonable Excufe for fuch Refufal, to be allowed by Such Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, or Juftice or Juftices at Sef-(ions refpe^tively, then fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.	Penalty.

CLXXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That on any Trial or informer com-any other Proceeding for Recovery of any Penalty under this A A, or petent Wiuuft. under any A& impofing or in any wife relating to the Collection or Management of any Stamp Duty or Duties, whether in any Suit to be inftituted in any of the faid Luperior Courts, or by Civil Bill, or before a Juftice or Juftices, or at Seffions, any Informer or other Perfon who in the Event of a Conviction would be entitled to the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, or to any Fee, Profit, Reward or Emolument whatfo-ever, (hall nevertheless be received and admitted as a Witnefs on fuch Trial or other Proceeding 5 and fuch Teftimony (hall, if believed, be Sufficient thereon to all Intents and Purpofes, as far as the fame Teftimony could be, if given by any indifferent Perfon.

CLXXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That the Juftice of the Form of Con-Peace before whom any Offender (hall be convi&ed of any of the* v&ion. Offences aforefaid, or of any Offence under any A& in any wife relating to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties in Ireland, (hall caufe the faid Conviction to be made out in manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like EffeCt, mutatis mutandis ; which Conviction (hall be good and effectual, to all Intents and Purpofes, without Setting forth the Evidence, or (taring the cafe in any more particular manner 1 that is to fay,

4 15 E it remembered. That on the	Day	of

4 13 in the Year of our Lord	A. B. of

#	in the County of	[or, County

4 of the City or Town of	,	as	the	cafe may be]9

4 was convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty’s Juftices of 4 the Peace for the faid County of	[or.	County of

4 a City, fcfr.], for that the faid A. B. on the	Day of

4	now laft paft, at	in the faid

4 County of	-did \here Jlate the Offence], contrary to

4 the Statute in that cafe made and provided; and I do therefore 4 adjudge the Said A. B. to have forfeited a Sum of 4	Britijb Currency. Given under my Hand and Seal the

4	Day	of

Which Convi&ion the faid Juftice (hall caufe to be written fairly Convifliom re-

upon Parchment, and returned within Ten Days from the Day of nJr"cd'° Cler*

fuch Conviction to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, or 0 6 cace'

County of a City, or County of a Town, as the cafe may be, or

Place where fuch Conviction was made, to be filed by him, and to

aeraain and to be kept among the Records of the fame County or

Place; and if any fuch Juftice (hall negleCt or omit So to do, he (nail,

for every fuch Offence, forfeit Ten Pounds.	Penalty.

CXC. And be it further enaCted, That any Warrant to be iffued by forn> of War* fuch Juftice of the Peace for levying any Penalty under any fuch Con- pnt j°rlciryhlt yiCt ion from the Goods of fuch Offender, (hall be in the Form follow- eDa Iefc ing, or in fome other Form of Words to that or the like EffeCt, which '

Form

(_J oogle

joG	C. 12 <5.	52° GEO. III.	A.D.1S11.

Form of Warrant of Com* mittd.

Form of Committal.

Form of Warrants, Sec. os Affirmation of Con vision on Appeal.

Form (hall be good and valid to all Intents and Purpofet; that if to

%>

* County of	to wit. To M. and AT.

€ and each of them, and their and each of their AMarits. - \ITHEREAS on the	Day	of

*	now laft paft, E. F. of	was duly coa-

*	vided, for that be [or, (he] on the	Dayof

*	then	laft paft, at	in the laid

4 County of	[or. County of the City or Town of

*	as the cafe may he] did [here jet out the OffenceJ; 4 and thereupon the laid E, F. hath become liable to a Fine or

*	Penalty of	Brtti/h Currency. I do therefore by

4 thefe rrefents authorize and command you and each of you to take

into your Pofleffion the Goods of the faid E. F. or a Sufficiency

<	thereof for levying the faid Sum thereout, wherever you (hall find

*	the faid Goods in the County aforefaid ; and if the faid Goods (hall « not be redeemed by the Payment of the faid Sum within Six Days € from the Day .of taking the fame, you are by public Sale thereof « to levy the laid Sum, rendering to the faid E, F. the Overplus, if « any, and the faid Sum fo levied you (hall bring to me without

<	Delay, to be difpofed of according to Law. Given under my

<	Hand and Seal, tnis	Cay of

And if Goods fufficient cannot be found to anfwer fudi Penalty, and Warrant! (hall be thereupon iffued for committing fuch Offender or Offenders, the fame (hall be in the fame Form as the faid Warrant lad mentioned, to the Words ‘ I do therefore by thefe Prefects;’ which Words and all from thence to the Words ( difpofed of according to ‘ Law,’ indufive, (hall be omitted, and this Form following, or (ome other Form of Words to that or the like Effed, (hall be lafeited ia their Place; to wit,

*	And whereas on the	Day of	a	Warrant

‘ was iffued to levy the faid Sum from the Goods of the (aid Of* 4 fender, and fuch Goods could not be found fufficieat to anfwer the 4 faid Sum, I do therefore hereby authorize and command you tod

*	each of you to take the Body of the faid E. F* wherefoever you

*	(hall find him in the faid County, and bring him before me the hid

*	C. D. or any other Magiftrate of the faid County.’

And the Form of Committal for committing any fuch Offender to Prifon (hall follow the Form of fuch Warant, five only that (the Di-redions thereof (hall be to the proper Gaoler, and that from and after the Words « I do therefore hereby authorize and command

*	you,’ there (hall follow thefe Words * to receive into your Cailody 4 the Body of the faid E. F. and him [or, her] fafely to keep

4	from	the Date hereof, unlefe the (aid Sun Sadi

4 be fooner paid. Given under my Hand and Seal, this

*	Day of

And each and every of the faid Forms or any Form of Words to the like Effed refpedively, (hall be good and valid, in Law to all Intents and Purpofes.

CXCI. And be it farther enabled, That if any fuch Coavi&km as aforefaid fhall be affirmed at the Seflons, the Warrant or Warrants, Committal or Committals for carrying the fame into Execution fcaff br granted by the Juftice or Juft ices fb affirming the feme, Or any jd

them,



7°7

A.D.181I.	52° GEO. III.	C.	126.

^ them, and (hall be in the Forms here following refpe&ively* or fome other Form of Word3 of the fame Import refpe&ively :

• County of	to	wit.	To M. and N. and

* each of them, their and each of their Affiftants

*	'^fHEREAS on the	Day	of	in the Year

4	E.	F, of	was	duly convi&ed before a

*	Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, for that he [or, fhe] on

*	the	Day	of	then	lad	pad, at

*	in the faid County	did [here fet out the Offence] and

4 thereupon the faid E. F. became liable to a Fine or Penalty of

*	Brttijh Currency : And whereas the faid E. F. appealed from the

*	faid Conviction to the SefTions, which hath affirmed the fame with

*	Cods,	making together with the faid Fine or Penalty

*	the Sum of	:	Thefe	are	therefore to authorize

‘ and command you and each of you to take into your Poffeflion the

*	Goods of the faid E. F. or a Sufficiency thereof, for levying the 4 faid lad mentioned Sum thereout, wherever you (hall find the faid 4 Goods in the County aforefaid; and if the faid Goods (hall not be 4 redeemed by the Payment of the faid Sum, within Six Days from

*	the Day of taking the fame, you are by public Sale thereof to 4 levy the faid Sum, rendering to the faid E. F. the Overplus, if any,

1 and the faid Sum fo levied you fhall bring to us or one of us, [or,

4 to me, cis the cafe may be] without Delay, to be difpofed of accord-4 ing to Law. Given under our Hands and Seals, [or, under my 4 Hand and Seal] this	Day	of	/

And if Goods fufficient cannot be found to anfwer fuch Penalty, and Form of War-a Warrant fhall thereupon be iffutd for committing fuch Offender or »nt of Corn-Offenders, the fame (hall be in the fame Form as the faid Warrant laft n“tt*L mentioned, to the Words * thefe are therefore to authorize and com-4 mand you ;* which Words and all from thence to the Words * dif-

*	pofed of according to Law' inclufive, fhall be omitted; and this Form following, or fome other Form of Words to that or the like Effed, fhall be inferted in their Place; to wit.

4 And whereas on the	Day	of

4 a Warrant was iffued to levy the faid Sum from the Goods of the 4 faid Offender, and fuch Goods could not be found fufficient to

*	anfwer the faid Sum, We [or, I] do therefore hereby authorize

*	and command you and each of you to take the Body of the faid

*	E> F. wherefoever you fhall find him in the faid County, and bring

*	him before us [or, me.’]

And the Form of Committal for committing any fuch Offender to Prifon fhall follow the Form of fuch Warrant, fave only‘that the Dire&ion thereof fhall be to the proper Gaoler, and that from and after the Words 4 We [or, I] do therefore hereby authorize andcom-

*	mand you,* there fhall follow thefe Words, 4 to take into your

*	Cuftody the Body of the faid E. F» and him [or, her] fafely to

4 keep for	from	the	Date	hereof,	unlefs the faid Sum

*	fhall be fooncr paid. Given under our Hands and Seals, [or, my

4 Hand and Seal] this	Day of	.>

And each and every of the faid Forms or any Form of Words to the like Effect refpe&ively, fhall be good add valid in Law to all Intents and Purpofes.

53Gx*III.	.	Z*	CXCIL	And

7©e

c.126.

A.Dir8u.

Clerk of Peaev to fend Copies of CoinritHtwis to Stamp Diftributor*, and they 10 Commi (Boners.

Penally.

The King’s .Share of Penal* tie*, fee. paid to Receiver General, Lc.

Penalty.

One Penalty for one Offence.

Provifs.

I offices, Sec. refilling to ad.

Penalty,

5*6£ant

CXCIl. And bte it further eim&ed* That every Clerk of the Pence in Ireland (hall within One Calendar Month after any fuck Conviction (haU have been returned to his Office, fumiih to the next Diftributor of Stamps, or to fomc Distributor of Stamps in and for the County in which fuch Conviction (hall have been made, a Copy of fuch Convidion ftgned by himfelf, for which he (hall receive from focb Diftributor the Sum of One Shilling and no more f and every fuch Diftributor (hall forthwith tranfmit fuch Copy fo Ggned to the faad ComBriiTiotoers of Stamps at their Head Office nr Dwm ; and if any fuch Clerk of the Peace or Diftributor (hall negkd or omit fo t6 do tefpe&ively, he or (he (ball, for every fucb Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pound*.

CXCIIL. And be it further enacted, That fuch Part, Share and Proportion at (ball be payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Su«-ceffort, of, from or out of any Penalty, Forfeiture or Fine payable or recoverable under this Ad, or any Amendment thereof, or under any Ad or Ad* which (hall in any wife relate to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties in Ireland* and the Fines payable by Diftributors as aforcfaid, (hall unkfs ofcberwife particularly dimefed, within One Calendar Month after the fame (hall be levied or received, be paid by the Juftice of the Peace or other Perfon by whom the fomc (haU have teen fo levied or received* to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, if the fame (hall have been fo levied in the County of Dwbbn, or County of the City of Dublin, and if in any other Part of 7w/W, then to fome Diftributor of Stamps refident in the County where tir Offence was committed, and if any fuch Juftice of the Peace or other Perfon (hall negled or omit fo to pay over the fame, he (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

CXCIV. Provided always, and be it eua&ed, That if different Proceedings (hall be had or taken agaiuft the fame Perfon for the fatne Offence, in the feveral Modes authorized by this Ad, fuch Perfon (hall neverthelefs be liable only to One Penalty, the Right to which (halt depend on the Priority of the Proceedings for Recovery of the fame; and if any Queftion (hall arife concerning the Priority of fuch Proceedfaigs, then and in fuch cafe the Proceeding under which the Party complained of (hall have been firft duly ferved with Summons or other Procefs, which (hall be afterwards proceeded 00 without Delay by the Party informing or profccuting, (hall be coi-fidered as entitled to, and (hall have Priority over any other Proceeding. for the fame Offence, and (hall accordingly veft the Right to the Penalty duly fought thereby : Provided neverthelefs, that if the Perfon agaiuft whom any fuch Proceedings (hall be taken, (hall be an Attorney of any of the fuperior Courts in Dublin, then the Service of Notice of a Declaration filed (hall for the Purpofes afare-faid be of the feme Effed as the Service of Summons or Procefs as aforefeid.

CXCV. And be it further enabled, That if any Ju(lice of the Peace, Magiftrate or Peace Officer, in Ireland, (hall negleri or nrfufe in any Inft&nce to carry into Execution this Ad, or any Ad or Ads which is or (hall be in force in Ireland, relating in any wife to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, or any of the Provifions thereof, upon a proper Application made to him, fuch Juftice of the Pfeace, Magistrate or Peace Officer, Anil forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds for every fuch Ncglcd or Refufek

' .	cxcvr	And



Google

A.B.i8i2*

5rGEO.ni.	0.126,127.	709

CXCVI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be Jufticesmay lawful for the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, by Order and mitigate Penal-under the Directions of the Commiffioners for executing the Office of ties under Order Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, to mitigate any Fine, Pcnaky or 0 lca ury‘ Forfeiture which (hall be incurred by any Diftributor of Stamps as aforefaid, or which (hall at any time be impofed under the Authority of any Jufticeof the Peace under this Ad, or under any Ad or Ada which fhall from time to time be in force in Ireland relating in any wife to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties iii Ireland, fo far as concerns the Proportion of fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture impofed by fuch Juftice of Peace, payable to His Majesty, • his Heirs or Succeflbrs ; any thing in this or any other Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXCVI I. And be it further enaded, That this Ad, and the Commencement feveral Claufes, Provifions and Regulations therein contained, (hall of Ad commence and take Effed from and after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the paffing thereof, and not fooner.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Ad to prohibit, until the Firft Day of November One thou-fand eight hundred and twelve, the making of Starch, Hair Powder and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food ; and for fufpending Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Starch. [18th July 1812.]

* XT THE REAS it is expedient that the making of Starch from r W Wheat or any other Article or Thing ufed for the Food of t Man, (hould be prohibited for a limited time:’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it may be enaded 5 and be it enaded by the King’s Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That, during the Continuance of this Ad, no Starch, Hair Powder No Starch, &c. or Blue, (hall be made or prepared from any Wheat, Barley, Rice1, made from Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Tiling ufed for the ^keat,&c. Food of Man, or any Mixture with Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes,

Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing ufed for the Food of Man.

II.	And be it further enaded, That if, during the Continuance Making Starch of this A&, any Maker or Makers of Starch, or other Perfon or from Wheat, &c. Perfons whatever, (hall make or begin to make Starch, Hair Powder or Blue from any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing ufed for the Food of Man, or any Mixture With Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing ufed for the Food of Man, or (hall put or lay, or caufe or procure to be put or laid in any Vat, Trough or other Utenlll or Veffel, any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing ufed for the Food of Man, or any Mixture with Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing ufed Fdr the Food of Man, for the Puruofc of itiakaug Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, then and in each and every fuch cafe fuch Maker or Makers of Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, or other Perfon or Perions fo offending, and the Perfon or Perfon* in whofe Cuftody ot Pofreffion any .Vat, Trough or other UtenfiT or

Z z 2	Veffel

A.D. iZti,

710

Penalty.

i Provif#.

Wheat, Ac. found in any Starch Houle, Ac. forfeited.

Penalty.

Starch Houfes or other Places fufpcaed entered.

Samples taken of Preparations on paying 3d. per Pound.

C.127.	52dGEO.	m.

VeflVl which (hall be made ufe of contrary to the Intention of this Ad (hall be found, (hall feverally and refpedively (over and above all other Penalties impofed by any Ad or Ads of Parliament already in force) forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all fuch Wheat, Bariev, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing ufed for the Food of Man, together with every fuch Vat* Trough or other Utenfil or Veffel (hall be forfeited, and the fame refpedively fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officer* of Excife : Provided always, neverthelefs, that nothing in this Ad con-tained (hall extend, or be deemed or conflrued to extend to fubjed. any Starch Maker to the faid Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, for or hy reafon of his completing or finifhir.g any Operation of Starch making from any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing ufed for the Food of Man, openly put in Fermentation in his entered Starch Houfe, on or before the Tenth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, fo that fuch Operation (ball be continued without wilful Delay; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enaded, That if any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing ufed for the Food of Man, (hall, duiing the Continuance of this Ad, be found in any Starch Houfe, or in any Place wherein Starch (hall be preparing or making, or wherein any Starch (hall have been prepared or made, or which (hall have been or (hall be entered for making or preparing of Starch, all fuch Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing ufed for the Food of Man refpe&irely fhall be forfeited, together with the Veffels, Sacks, Bags and other Things containing the fame, and thp fame (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Poffeffion or Occupation fuch Starch Houfe or Place (hall be, fhall, for every fuch Offence refpedively, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That, during the Continuance of thi6 Ad, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfoni who (hall be authorized for that Purpofe by the Commiffioners of Excife for the time being, or any Two or more of them, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, by One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace in any other Part of Great Britain at any time or times with any Officer or Officers of Excife, or for any Officer or Officers of Excife to enter into any Starch Houfe or any other Place whatever, wherein any Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, fhall be or (hall be fufpeded to be preparing or making or prepared or made ; and every fuch Officer of Excife and Perfon Fo authorized as aforefaid (hall have free Admittance into, and may infped all the Materials, Veffels and Utcnfils contained in any fuch Starch Houfe or other Place (giving thereby as little Interruption as may be to the lawful Bufinefs which (hall be there carrying on), and in cafe any fuch Officer of Excife (hall have reafon to fulped that any Wheat, Bariev, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing ufed for the Food of Man is mixed in any Waters or Liquids, or with any other Materials or Preparations whatfoever, or is othewife in Operation for preparing or making Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, it (hall be lawful for fuch Officer at any time or times daring the Continuance of this Ad, upon Payment of Three pence prr^Pound



A.D.i8n.

52'GEO. m.

C.127.	711

Weight (if demanded) to take a Sample not exceeding Fifty Pounds Weight of any fuch Mixtures in Waters or Liquids or other Materials or Preparations which (hall be found in any fuch Starch Houfe or other Place aforefaid ; and in cafe any Maker of Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, or the Owner or Occupier of any fuch Starch Houfe or Place, or any Workman or Servant belonging to any fuch Maker or Makers, or Owner or Occupier, (hall refufe to admit fuch Perfon Refilling, or Perfons as /hall be fo authorized, or any Officer or Officers of Ex-cife into any fuch Starch Houfe or Place, or (hall obftrud or hinder any fuch Officer or Perfon or Perfons in making fuch Infpedron as aforefaid, or fhall not allow any fuch Officer to take fuch Sample after the {aid Sum of Three pence per Pound Weight fhall be paid or tendered for the fame, every fuen Maker, Owner or Occupier /hall, for every fuch Offence refpedively, forfeit the Sum of Two Penalty, hundred Pounds ; and it fhall be lawful for any fuch Officer of Ex-cife or other Perfon or Perfons authorized as aforefaid, having a Warrant for that Purpofe from any Two or more of the Commiffioners of Excife, or any Jullice or Juftices refpedively as aforefaid, to feize, Seizure* made take and carry away all fuch Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Wheat, &c. Meal or any other Article or Thing ufed for the Food of Man, and hjUI*d on alfo all fuch Mixtures or Waters or Liquids, or other Materials or cn“lefc Preparations as /hall be found in any fuch Starch Houfe or other Place, together with all the Veffels, Sacks, Bags and other Things in which the laid Commodities or any of them fhall be contained.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it /hall and Makers of may be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Starch, Hair Powder or Starch,&c.not f Blue, to have or keep for his, her or their nece/Tary Ufe, in any *n°r* *[*«* Dwelling Houfe, Room or Place, (not being an entered Houfe, ^heu Sc^in Room or Place for making or preparing of Starch) any Quantity of PoiTeinoa. Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour or Meal, not exceeding at any one time the Quantity of Eight Bufhels of Wheat, Barley,

Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour and Meal ; and that if any fuch Maker or Makers /hall, during the Continuance of this Ad, be pof-fefled of or have in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleffion, or in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Perfon or Perfons in Truft or for the Ufe or Benefit of fuch Maker, more than Eight Bufhels of Wheat,

Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour or Meal, at any one time, in any one or more Place or Places, every fuch Maker or Makers fhall, for every fuch Offence, refpedively forfeit all fuch Wheat, Barley, Penalty.

Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour and Meal, exceeding the faid Quantity

of Eight Bufhels, and alfo the Sum of Five Pounds for every Bufhel

fo forfeited : Provided always, neverthelefs, that this Ad fhall not Provifo for

extend to inflid the faid laft mentioned Forfeiture or Penalty or Growers of

either of them, upon any Maker of Starch who fhall be the afhial	*n<f

Grower of Wheat, Barley or other Grain, and fhall be poflefled of surch*Maxer*.

any Quantity of fuch Wheat, Barley or other Grain in the Straw

grown by him, or after fuch Wheat, Barley or other Grain is threfhed

out or feparated from the Straw, provided that fuch Wheat, Barley

or other Grain fhall not be kept in his Pofleffion or in the Poflefliog

of any other Perfon or Perfons in Truft for him, for a greater

Space of time than Twenty Days after the fame fhall be threfhed or

feparated from the Straw, and fo as fuch Wheat, Barley or other

Grain be not kept in any Place ufed for making, preparing or

keeping Starch: Provided alfo, that this Ad /half not extend to Provifo.

Z z 3

inflid

714

A.D.i8ij.

Jfot complying withRegulations.

Penalty.

Sumps, &c. provided by Commiffioners of E*cife for ftamping, Sec. Labels to Starch on Imporutiut.

Forging Sump pi Seals.

C.127.	52*	GEO.	HI.

(hall on being required by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife fo to do, immediately wrap all fuch Starch in Paper* of the Colours or one of them hereinafter mentioned and no other, each fuch Paper containing not lefs than Four Pounds Weight nor more than Seven Pounds Weight of Starch, and alfo tie up every fuch Wrapper, where the Ends of the Paper containing fucii Starch (hall be folded, and alfo ftrongly affix or pafte with warm Pafte made from Glue, on the Outfide of every fuch Wrapper, after the fame (hall be fo tied, a Label of very tnin Paper Three Inches long and Three Inches broad at the leaft, and of a different Colour from the Paper in which the Starch (hall be wrapped ; that is to fay, if fuch Starch (hall be wrapped in blue or brown Paper the faid Label (hall be with white, and if fuch Starch (hall be wrapped in white Paper fuch Label (hall be blue, and (hall alfo affix and pafte every fuch Label on the Foldings of both Ends of the Paper enclofing fuch a Quantity of Starch, and in fuch a manner as to prevent the opening of the faid Paper containing fuch Starch without tearing fuch Label; and the proper Officer or Officers of Excife (hall attend to fee fuch Starch papered and tied in manner aforefaid, and fuch Label affixed and palled on every fuch Paper containing fuch Starch ; and fuch Officer or Officers (hall caufe every fuch Label affixed and palled on every fuch Paper containing Starch to be damped or fealed with fuch Stamp or Seal as (hall be provided by the Commiffioners* of Excife in England and Scotland refpe&ively tor that Purpofe ; and if any fuch Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Confignee or Confignees of Starch imported or brought into this Kingdom (hall negled or refufe fo to remove any fuch Starch, or to depofit the fame as aforefaid, or to wrap any fuch Starch in Paper as aforefaid, or to tie up any fuch Paper as aforefaid, or to affix or pafte any fuch Label as aforefaid, all and every fuch Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Confignee or Conugnees fo offending, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII.	And be it further ena&cd, That the Commiffioners of Excife or the major Part of them in England and Scotland refpe&ively IhaH provide proper Stamps or Seals for the ftamping or fealing the Labels affixed or parted on Paper containing all Starch which (hall be imported or brought into this Kingdom and prepared in purfuance of this A&, and (nail caufe fuch Stamps or Seals to be diftributed to the proper Officers of Excife for the Purpofe before mentioned, which Officers are hereby enjoined and required, in ufmg the fame, to do no Hurt or Damage or the leaft Hurt or Damage that may be, to the Starch or to the Paper wherein the fame (hall be fo wrapped; which Stamps or Seals (hall and may be varied, altered or renewed from time to time as the faid Commiffioners of Excife refpe&ively or the major Part of them refpe&ively (hall think fit.

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfoos (hall at any time forge or counterfeit any Sump or Seal to rriemMe any Stamp or Seal which (hall be provided in purfuance of this A<ft for ftamping or fealing Starch imported, or (hall counterfeit or rriem-ble the Impreffion of the fame upon any Paper containing any Starch, thereby to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Succefibr* of any of the Duties upon Starch, then every Perfon fo offending being thereof convi&ed in due Form of Law (hall be adjudged a Felon, and (hall t>e tranfported for any Term not exceeding Seven Yean j amd^fany



A.D. 1812.

520 GEO. III.	C. 127.	  715

Perfon ar Perfons (hall at any time fell any Starch with any fuch TrahCpomtion, forged or counterfeited Stamp, Seal or Imprefiion thereon, knowing Selling with the fame to be forged and counterfeited, and with an Intent to de- forsed» fraud His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, of any of the Duties upon Starch, or (hall knowingly, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, of any of the Duties upon Starch, fix or caufe to be fixed the Label of any Paper ftamped or fealed according to the Directions of this Aft to any Starch other than that which was in-clofed in fuch Paper at the time when the Label thereof was ftamped or foaled by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife according to the Directions of this Aft, every Perfon fo offending {hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Starch imported or starch importd brought into this Kingdom ffiali be found in any Place belonging to found not wrap-any Starch Maker or Dealer in Starch, or in the Cuftody or Poffeffion Ped upin Pap** of any Perfon or Perfons to or for the Ufe or Benefit of any fuch Maker ,n ?™!iner re’ or Makers or Dealer or Dealers in fuch Starch, not being wrapped ped in pTper**" in Paper as aforefaid, or wrapped in Paper which {hall be found not not ftamped, ftamped or labelled as aforefaid, all fuch Starch (hall be forfeited, toge- forfeited.

ther with all and lingular the Calks, Chefts, Cafes, Bags or other Packages containing the fame; and fuch Starch, Calks, Chefts, Cafes,

Bags and other Packages refpeftively {hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoma or Excife, and the Starch Maker or Dealer in Starch to whom fuch Place fhall belong, and alio fuch other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid in wbofe Poffeffion fuch Starch (hall be found, (hall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds : Pro- Ficeptinm vided always, neverthelefs, that nothing in tbi9 Aft contained (hall extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend to forfeit any fuch Starch which {hall have been imported into this Kingdom, nor any fuch Calk, Cheft, Cafe, Bag or other Package containing the fame, for or by reaton of fu$:h Starch being found not wrapped in Paper ftamped or labelled as laft aforefaid, fuch Starch being made into Hair Powder, or being taken out of the Papers in the Poffeffion of any Hair Powder Maker or Blue Maker, for the Purpofe of immediately manufafturing the fame into Hair Powder or into Blue ; or any Quantity of Starch not exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight in the Poffeffion of any Dealer in or Seller of Starch, and taken out of the Papers for immediate or current Sale ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XV.	And whereas it may happen that the Paper wherein any Starch imported (hall be contained, after the fame has been ftamped as aforefaid, may by Accident be broken or damaged 5 Be it therefore enafted. That when the Paper wherein any fuch Starch {hall be Paper containing

% contained (hall by any Accident be broken or damaged, and the Starch Starch damaged Maker or Dealer in Starch to whom the fame belongs {hall be deiiroua of having the fame repapered and reftamped, fuch Maker or Dealer g^g6Notice to (hall give to the proper Officer or Officers of Excife within whofe Sur- jgxcife Officer, vey he or (he ffiali be, Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing that fuch Maker or Dealer defires to have fuch Starch repapered and reftamped, that thereupon and upon the Produftion of fuch broken Paper, with the Label and Stamp or Seal thereof to fuch Officer or Officers, and leaving the fame with him or them, it (hail be lawful for fuch Officer or Officers, being fatistied that fuch Starch had before been duly ftamped or fealei} as aforefaid, and that the Paper or Papers

containing

* Google

C.I28.

A.D.1812.

52® GEO. III.

certain Dimen-fions to ptovide Ladder and Plank to enable] Officers to gauge.

Penalty.

Maltfters not to have more than Five Floors of Malt arifing from fame Cif-tern, in Malt Houles at fame time.

Penalty.

Proviio.

eafily, fafely and fccitrely have Accefs to the fame, and conveniently gauge, in any Part of Two Sides of fuch Ciftem, the Com or Grain which (hall at any time be contained therein ; and if any fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt ffiall, for the wetting or deeping any Com or Grain to be made into Malt, have or ufe any Cidern of greater Length or Breadth than the Length or Breadth of Nine Feet, fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt (hall find and provide a good and fufficient Ladder of a proper and convenient Length and Breadth, with a good and fufficient moveable Board or Plank of a proper and convenient Length, Breadth and Thicknefs, to be laid acrols fuch Cidern, in any Part thereof, fo as to enable any Officer of Excife eafily, fafely and fecurely to move along and dand upon fuch Board or Plank, and to guage in any Part of nich Cidern the Com or Grain which (hall at any time be contained therein ; and fuch Maltder or Maker of Malt {hall from time to time, and at all times, permit and fuffer any Officer or Officer* of Excife to ufe fuch Ladder and Board or Plank refpe&ively at his or their free Will and Pleafure, for the Purpofe in that Behalf afore-faid ; and if any Maltder or Maker of Malt (hall neglect or refute to cre£t, make or con(lru£t any Cidern for the wetting or deeping of Com or Grain to he made into Malt, in fuch Manner and Form as is hereinbefore direfted and required, or if any Maltder or Maker of Malt, who {half for the wetting or deeping of any Com or Grain to be made into Malt, have or ufe any Cidern of greater Length or Breadth than the Length and Breadth in that Behalf aforefaid, (hall negleft or refufe to find or provide fuch Ladder and Board or Plank as aforefaid, or either of them, or (hall not permit or fuffer any Officer or Officere of Excife to ufe the fame or either of them, in manner aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe tbc Maltder or Maker of Mak fo offending {hall, for each and every fuch Offeuce, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds

II.	And be it further ebaded, That no Maltder or Maker of Malt (hall at one and the fame time have or keep in any Malt Houfe to him, her or them belonging, more than Five Floors or Quantities of Malt, or Corn or Gsain making into Malt (in the Couch or on the Floor or Kiln, or all or any of them) wetted in or arifing from, or pretended to have been wetted in or to have arifen from, or denoted by its Place of Depofit in fuch Malt Houfe to have been wetted in or to have arifen from one and the fame Cittern, Uting Vat or other Vcffcl or Utenfil ; and if any Maltder or Maker of Malt {hall at one and the fame time have in any Malt' Houfe to him, her or them be-longing (in the Couch, or on the Floor or Kiln, or all or any of them) more than Five Floors or Quantities of Malt,or Cora or Grain making into Malt, wotted in or arifing from, or pretended to hare been wetted in or to have arifen from, or denoted by its Place of Depofit in fOch Malt Houfe to have been wetted in or to have arifen from one and the fame Cidern, Uting Vat or other Veffel or Utenfil, the Maltder or Maker of Malt fo offending ihall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, neverthelef3, that nothing hereinbefore contained (hall extend or be deemed or condrued to extend to fubje& any Maltfter or Maker of Malt to the faid lad mentioned Penalty, for or by reafon of his, her or their fepiratiug or dividing any one or more of his, her or their Floors or Quant ities of Malt, either into Two or more Pieces, for the Purpofe of working fuch Pieces feparate and apart from each

other,

Goode



A.T)*i 8i2.

Ci 28.

719

52° GEO. UI.

other, in the fame Malt Houfe in which fuch Floors or Quantities of Malt refpedtively were fteeped ; nor for or by reafon of any fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt feparating or dividing the oldeft of his, her or their Floors folely for the Purpofe of the Removal thereof to the Kiln for the immediate drying thereof ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enacted. That every Maltfter and Maker of Malrfters to by Malt (hall put, lay and depolit on the Floor or Floors of his, her or Floorsof Cora their Malthoufe, all and every of his, her or their Floors or Quantities

of Corn or Grain making into Malt, in regular Succefiion one before Seniority, another according to the Seniority of fuch Floors or Quantities of Corn or Grain making into Malt; and if any Maltfter or Maker of,

Malt, (hall put, lay or depofit on the Floor or Floorsof his, her or their Malthoufe, any or either of his, her or their Floors or Quantities of Corn or Grain making into Malt, otherwife than in regular Suc-ceilion one before the other, according to the Seniority of fuch Floors or Quantities of Corn or Grain, or (hall put, lay or depolit any Floor or Quantity of Corn or Grain making into Malt, of a lefs Age or later time of taking from or out of the Ciftern, Uting Vat or other Vefiel or Utenfil, before ; that is to fay, more remote from fuch Ciftem, Uting Vat or other Vefiel or Utenfil than any Floor or,

Quantity of Corn or Grain making into Malt of a greater Age or earlier time of taking from or out of the Cillern, Uting Vat or other Vefiel or Utenfil, then and in every fuch cafe the Maltfter or Maker of Malt fo offending, (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit Penalty, and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That no Maltfter or Maker of Malt Maltftm not to (hall empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of any Cillern, empty Cifterr.s Uting Vat or other Vefiel or Utenfil by him, her or them ufed for mor*

the wetting or deeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, within m 96 HcUrs the Space of Ninety fix Hours, to be computed and reckoned from the time of the laft preceding emptying or taking of Corn or Grain from or out of the faid Ciftem, Uting Vat or other Vefiel or Utenfil; nor (hall any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, within the Space of Ninety fix Hours, to be computed and reckoned from the time of the laft preceding emptying or taking of Corn or Grain from or out of any Ciftern, Uting Vat or other Veffel or Utenfil ufed as aforefaid, empty or take any Com or Grain from or out of any other Ciftern, Uting Vat or other Veffel or Utenfil ufed as aforefaid, in the fame Houle or Building, or under one and the fame Roof, with fuch Ciftern,

Uting Vat or other Veffel or Utenfil ; and if any Maltfter or Maker of Malt (hall empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of any Ciftern, Uting Vat or other Veffel or Utenfil by him, her or them ufed for the wetting or fteeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, within the Space of Ninety fix Hours, to be computed and reckoned from the time of the taft preceding emptying or taking Com or Grain from or out of the faid Ciftern, Uting Vat or other Veffel or Utenfil, or (hall within the Space of Ninety fix Hours, to be computed and reckoned from the time of the laft preceding emptying or taking of Corn or Grain from or out of any Cillern, Uting Vat or other Veffel or Utenfil ufed as aforefaid, empty or take any Cora or Grain from or out of any other Ciftern, IJting Vat or other Veffel or Utenfil ufed as aforefaid, in the fame Houfe or Building, or under one and the fame Roof with fuch Ciftern, Uting Vat or other Veffel or

Utenfil;



Google

A.l&rSii.

Penalty.

Maltfters to empty at lime tune all Citterns.

Penalty.

Proviib.

Maltfter* not to keep Com more than 55 Hours in Steep.

Penalty.

Maltfters not to

mix Com of different Wettings, either on Floor or Kiln.

Penalty.

C.ia8.	54* GEO. HI.

Utenfil; then and in every fuch cafe the Maltfter or Maker of Midi

fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lok the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Maltfter or Maker of Mah (halt, for the wetting or Aeeping of Com or Grain to he made into Malt, ufe or employ Two or more Ci(terns, Uting Vati or other Veffels or Utenfils in one and the fame Houfe or Building, or under one and the fame Roof, then audin every fuch cafe no fnch Maltfier or Maker of Mah (hall empty or take Com or Grain from or out of fuch Citterns, Utmg Vats or other Veffels or Utenfils, on different Days, or at different times from each other, but (haU empty and take all fuch Com or Grain from and out of all fnch Citterns, Uting Vats and other Veffels or Utenfils on the fame Days and it the fame Honrs of the fame Days refpe&ively: And it any fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt (hall empty or take any Com or Grain from or out of any fuch Citterns, Uting Vats, or other Veffeli or Utenfils, at different times or on different Days, or at different Houn of the fame Day, then and in every fuch cafe the Malttter or Maker of Malt fo offending, (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and k>fe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, Bewr-thelefs, that nothing hereinbefore contained (hall extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to fubje& any Maltfter or Maker of M»k to the faid laft mentioned Penalty, for or by reafon of his, her or their emptying or taking Com or Grain from or out of any Two or more Citterns, Uting Vats or other Veffels or Utenfils, at different times of the fame Day, if the emptying or taking of the Com or Grain from or out of the laft of fuch Two or more Citterns (hall hate been finifhed within Three Hours from the thtie of beginning the emptying and taking of Com or Grain from and out of the Cittern, Utmg Vat or other Veffel or Utenfil which (hall have been firft begun to be emptied ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwrth (landing.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That no Maltfter or Maker of Mah, having wetted or begun to wet any Com or Grain to be made into Malt, fhali continue the fame or any Part thereof in Steep or covered with Water for any longer Space of time than Fifty five Hoort from the time of its being firft begun to be wetted 5 and if any Makftet or Maker of Malt, having wetted or begun to wet any Com or Grain to b« made into Malt, (hall continue the fame or any Part thereof ia Steep or covered with Water, for any longer Space of time than Fifty five Hours from the time of its being firft begun to be wetted; then and in every fuch cafe the Maltfter or Maker of Malt, fo offending, (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofethc Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VII.	And be it further enadted, That no Maltfter or Maker of Milt (hall mix, either in the Couch or on the Floor, or on the Kiln, any Com or Grain of one Wettingor Steeping with or atttongft any Com or Grain of another or different Wetting or Steeping; and if any Maltfter or Maker of Mah (hall mix, either in the Couch or on the Floor, or on the Kiln, any Com or Grain of one Wetting or Steeping with or amongft any Corn or Gram of another or different Wetting or Steeping, then and in every fuch cafe the Maltfter or Maker of Malt fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, fbrftttand lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VIII. And

Goode

A.D.rffn.

526 GE0.II1.	C.128,	?2c^	721

VIII.	And be it farther enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons Obftmaing fkail aifauk, oppofe, moleft, obftrud or hinder any Officer or Officers Officers, of Excife in the due Execution of this Ad, or of any of the Powers

or Authorities to him or them by this Ad given or granted, the Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, Penalty, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IX.	And be k forther enaded, That all Pines, Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Ad, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied or How recovered, mitigated, by fuch ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law

or Laws of Excife, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, m any of His Majesty’a Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedively; and that One Moiety of fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, (hall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who (hall inform, difcover or fue for the fame.

X.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the Rules, Former Aft* Regulations Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and x» Car. *. c.24. Tbmgt, which in and by an Ad made in the Twelfth Year of the *c*m Forcc* Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An As for taking away

the Court of IVards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for fettling a Revenue upon His Majtjly in linn thereof or by any other Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majesty’s Revenue of Excife, are provided, fettled or eftabliined for managing, railing, levying, colleding, mitigating, recovering, adjudging, aicertaining or fecuring the Duties on Malt, or any of them 5 or for preventing, deteding or puniftiing Frauds relating thereto; (hall be pradifed, ufed and put in Execution in and for the Purposes of this Ad, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Pur-pofes as if all and every the faid Rules, Regulations, Fines, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Chmfes, Matters and Things were more particularly repeated and re-enaded in this prefent Ad.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall commence and Commencement take Effed, as to all fuch Matters and Things therein contained in of Aft. refped of which no efpecial Commencement is hereby direded or provided, from and immediately after the Tenth Day of 0Sober One

thoufand eight hundred and twelve.

CAP. CXXIX.

An A£l for amending Two Ads pafled in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of His prefent Majesty, for enabling the Commiffioners for the Redudion of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.	[18th	July	1812.]

WHEREAS by an Ad pafled in the Forty eighth Year of 48 G.3. c. 142.

His prefent Maiefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for enabling the Commiffioners for the ReduSion of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities, the Commiffioners for the Redudion of the National Debt were enabled under certain Limitations and Reftridions to

frant Life Annuities charged upon and payable out of the Sinking und, in Conffderation of the Transfer to them of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities ; and which Ad was amended by another Ad pafled io the Forty ninth Year 49 G 3. c. 6* of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An AS to amend an sfff

* paffed Vj oogle

7 22

A.D.i8iL

I/tfe Annuities jrrnted on Terms fpecifwd in Schedules annexed.

G. y c. 142.

$5.

Before whom Affidavits or Affirmations taken.

C.129:	52®	GEO. III.

4 PnJftd in thi lajl Sejfion of Parliament, for endbTing the Commiflioners

*	for the ReduBion of the National Debt to grant Eife Annuities: And

*	whereas no Provifion is made in the faid fir ft recited A & or in the 4 Tables thereto annexed, for the granting of auy Life Annuities in 4 cafe the average Price of the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated c or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall be under Sixty or above Eighty 4 one : And whereas it is expedient that Provifion (hould be made

*	for granting Life Annuities, in cafe and whenever the avtrage

*	Price of the Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall be

*	under Sixty or above Eighty one ; and that the faid firft recited

c Aft fliquld be amended in other refpefts	Be it therefore enatted,

by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice aod Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That whenever the average Price of the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities refpeftively, (hall be above Fifty and under Sixty, it (hail be lawful for the faid Commiflioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt under the feveral Limitations, Reftriftions and Regulations dire&ed and provided in the faid feveral recited Afts and this Aft, to grant Life Annuities, either on a fingle Life, or on the Continuance of Two Lives, as the cafe may be, of fuch annual Amounts refpec-tively, as are fpecified in the Tables in the Schedules to this Aft annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) ; and that whenever the average Price of the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities refpeftively (hall be Eighty one or at any higher average Price, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners under the like Limitations, Rcftriftions and Regulations, to grant Life Annuities, either on a fingle Life or on the Contiuuance of Two Lives, as the cafe may be, of the like annual Amounts refpeftively, as under and by virtue of the faid firft recited Aft might have been granted, in cafe the average Price of the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities were Eighty and under Eighty one.

4 II. Aud whereas the Affidavits or Affirmations by the faid 4 firft recited Aft required, in order to enable the granting of any 4 Life Annuity, or the Receipt thereof under the fame, are in certain 4 cafes direfted to be taken, if in England'f before One or more of 4 the Judges of any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at lVef 4 minjler, or if in Scotland or Ireland, before One or more of the 4 Barons of Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland refpeftively: Aud 4 whereas the faid Provifions have been found produftive of Incon-

*	venienceBe it therefore enafted. That, from and after the pafling of this Aft, all Affidavits or Affirmations in any of the cafes before referred to made or taken, if in England or Ireland, before the Jultices or Magiftrates aflembled at the Quarter Seflions for any County, Riding, City, Town or Place, and certified by any Tw,o or more of fucli Juftices or Magiftrates, to have been fo made or taken, or if in Scotland, before any Sheriff, or Steward Depute qr Subftitute, and certified by him to have been fo made and taken, fhall be as valid and effeftual in all refpefts and to all Intents and Pur-pofes as if fuch Affidavits or Affirmations had been made or taken in England before a Judge of one of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler, or in Scotland or Ireland before One of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland refpeftively 5 any thing in



A.D.iSn.	5**GE0.	III.	C.129.	723

the faid recited Afts to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

4 III. And wliereas it is provided by the faid firft recited A ft, 48G.3. c. 142.

*	that upon the Death of any fingle Nominee or the Survivor of any § 15.

4 Two Joint Nominees, a Sum equal to One fourth Part of the An-

4 nuity depending upon his or her Life (over and above all Arrears

*	thereof refpeft ively, (hail be payable to the Perfon or Perfons 4 entitled to the faid Annuity, or to his or her Executors, Admi-4 niftrators or Alliens, as the cafe may be, on the Half yearly Day 4 of Payment next lucceeding the Death of fuch Nominee, provided 4 the fame (hall be claimed within the Period limited by the faid 4 Aft, upon the Produftion of a Certificate of the Death of fuch 4 Nominee, fpecifying the Day on which he or (he (hall have died,

4 together with an Affidavit in Proof of the Identity of fuch

4 Nominee;* Be it furtherenafted. That a Certificate of the Burial On claiming One of any fuch Nominee, together with an Affidavit in Proof of the *ourthAn-Identity of fuch Nominee, fuch Affidavit dating alfo the Day on onLifeoffingle* which fuch Nominee (hall have died, to be refpeftively granted and see. Nominee, taken by and before fuch and the like Perfons as by the faid (ird Certificate of recited Aft are authorized and empowered to grant Certificates and Burial of Nomi-to adminHler Affidavits in Proof of a Nominee being living, (hall, on v^ondentif*14 Produftion thereof to the proper Officer, be as valid and effeftual produced!” to enable the Perfon or. Perfons entitled to an Annuity, or his other Executors, Adminidrators or Affigns, as the cafe may be, to claim One fourth Part thereof, and alfo to enable the proper Officer to grant his Certificate, as provided in the Schedule to the faid firft recited Aft marked (G.) as if a Certificate of the Day of the Death of fuch Nominee had been produced.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That in any cafes where Two or In cafes wher* more Annuities (hall have been purchafed upon the Life of the fame Two or more Nominee or Nominees, and a Certificate or Certificates in the Terms of the faid recited Afts or of this Aft, in Proof of fuch Nominee lamc Nominee, or Nominees being living, (hall have been produced to the proper Production of Officer by or on the Behalf of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to any Certificate as to One of fuch Annuities, in refpeft of One of fuch Annuities, it (hall ^entity and may be lawful for the proper Officer to grant a Certificate or c,eut Certificates in the Form fpecified in the Schedule to the faid fird recited Aft annexed, for the Purpofe of enabling the Perfon or Per, fon9 entitled to any other Annuities payable in refpeft of the Life of fuch Nominee or Nominees, to receive his, her or their Annuity, without requiring the Produftion of any further Certificates 5 but upon the Produftion of the Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations, as to the Identity of fuch Nominee as are required by the faid recited Afts or by this Aft.

4 V. And whereas it is expedient that the Schedule marked (C.) 48 G 3. c. 14a.

* to this Aft annexed, (hould be fubftituted and adopted in lieu of Schcdul* B.

4 the Schedule marked (B.) to the faid firft recited Aft annexed;* repealed.

Be it therefore enafted. That, from and after the paffing of this Aft, the laid Schedule marked (B.) annexed to the faid firft recited Ad (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and the Schedule marked (C.) to this Aft annexed (hall be fubftituted for and in Hen of the faid Schedulr marked (B.) to the faid firft recited Aft annexed, and (hall be ufed and applied in the fame manner and for all 51 GEO. III.	3	A	tht

7M

U ink to make ‘2,* to 5»li Jan. y eatlv, A (.count of uitclaimc j Annai*.i*> for 1 luce Years.

P *rjt:ry.

Fv ry'nj Affii! i« v ts or Leiuti-

C4toi.

D^atlu

Quorum*

Frovifions of A'.is, ncert

to (l ^1) *(, Ac*,

C.iajjr.

520 GEO. in.

A. D.1812.

the Purpofes to which the faid Schedule marked (B.) annexed to the laid firft recited A A was ufed or applicable.

V1. And be it further enaded, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (hall and they are hereby required to caule ati Account to be made up to the Fifth Day of January in every Year, of all Life Annuities granted in purfuance of the faid recked Ads or of this Ad, which (hall have remained unclaimed for the Space of Three Years ; and all fuch Annuities fo remaining unclaimed, together with the unclaimed Arrears thereof, (hall revert to the Sinking Fund, and (hall be applied by the faid Commiffioners in the fame manner as Life Annuities ceafing are by the faid firft recited Ad direded to be applied : Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be coullrued to extend to defeat or prejudice the Rights of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to any fuch Annuity to claim the Arrears and future Payments thereof, upoi Produdion of the proper Certificates and Affidavits, or Affirmations required by the faid recited Ads or this Ad ; and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Governor and Company, out of any Sums whatever which (hall have been paid to them or carried in their Books to the Account of the faid Comm i (Sonera, to fet apart and retain from time to time fo much thereof as may be nrceflary for paying fuch Annuity and all Arrears thereof.

, VII. Ar.d be it further enaded, That if any Perfon ir, any Affidavit or Affirmation to be taken under the Proviuons of this Ad, Ihall wilfully or corruptly fwearor affirm any Matter or Thing which (hall be fali'e or uutrue, every fuch Perfon fo offending and being thereof duly convided, (hall be and is hereby declared to be fubjea and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by auy Laws now io force any Perfons convided of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubied and liable to.

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfone (hall forge, counterfeit or alter, or caufe or procure to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or knowingly or wilfully ad or affift in the forging, counterfeiting or altering auy Affidavit or Affirmation, or any Certificate required or authorised to be taken or granted under the Provifions of this Ad ; or (hall wilfully deliver or produce to any Perfon or Perfons attmg under the Authority of tire faid recited Ads 01 this Ad, or ihull utter any fuch forged Affidavit, or Affirmation, or Certificate, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited or altered with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors. or any other Pei fun or Perfons whomioever, then and in every fuch cafe all and every Perfon or Perfons fo offending, and bang lawfully convided thereof, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall fufer Death as in cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX.	And be it further ensded, That it (hall be lawful for any Three or more of the Commiffioners for the Redudion of the Narionai Debt for the time being, to execute and do all Matters and Things which by the faid recited Ads and this Ad the Commiffioners for the Redudion of the National Debt are required and empowered to do.

X.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the Clauies, Rules, Powers and Provilions of the faid recited Ads, except fo far

-as the lame are altered and varied by this Ad, (hall be applied and



AD. 1812.

72S

5 20 GEO. III.

GJ29. *

put in Pradice in the Execution of this Ad, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever as if the faid Claufes, Rules, Powers and Provifions had been jexprefsly repeated and re-enaded in this Ad ; and that the faid recited Ads and this Ad (hall be con-ftrued together as one Ad to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, 4o far as the lame are compatible or confident with each other, and as the laid recited Ads are amended and altered by this Ad.

3 A 2

SCHEDULES

ed by

Google



K>

Ov

SCHEDULES to which this A & refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

TABLE No. i.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Single Lively which wdl be payable for every ^ioo. of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, and the Age of the

Nominee at the time of the Transfer.

		Price of ^3.		per Cent. Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.							
w											w
0	5°	51	52	53	54	55	56	57	58	59 J	0  <*<
	and under;	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	
	51*	52*	53-	54.	55-	56-	57-	58.	59-	60.	
	£ /.	i  /.	if* /.	£ /.	£ s.	£ /.	£ /.	/.	£ /.	£ /.	
35	4 5	4 6	4 6	4 7	4 8	4 9	4 9	4 IO	4 11	4 11	
36	4 6	4 «	4 7	4 8	4 9	4 9	4 10	4 11	4 1*	4 i*	3<*
37	4 7	4 7	4 8	4 9	4 10	4 10	4 11	4 12	4 13	4 13	37
38	4 8	4 8	4 9	4 10	4 11	4 11	4 12	4 13	4 H	4 14	38
39	4 8	4 9	4 10	4 10	4 1*	4 i*	4 13	♦ 14	4 14	4 15	39
40	4 9	4 10	4 11	4 11	4 1*	4 i3	4 14	4 15	4 15	4 r 6	40
41	4 10	4 10	4 11	4 i*	4 13	4 H	4 15	4 15	4 16	4 i7	4*
4*  43  A A	4 10	4 *1	4 1*	4 *3	4 i4	4 *5	4 *5	4 16	4 *7	4 18	4*
	4 la	4 *3	4 14	4 *5	4 16	4 17	4 17	4 18	4 19	5 0	43
trr	4 *3	4 14	4 15	4 *6	4 17	4 IB	4 iB	4 19	5 0	5 1	44
1 4S  > 4V	> 4	4 l* 4 *6  4	4 M  : a	4 «6 4 *8 4- *9	4 *7  4	*9  5	0	4	18  V 0  5	»	4	19  5	* 5 *	5 0 5 * 5 3	5 *  ■ V 3 5 ♦	5 * 5 4  5 J	#  47

C.129.	52*	GEO.	111.	A.D.1812.



>

O

o

o

Tv  : 49	T  5 0
50	5 2
1 5*	5 3
52	5 4
53	5 Z
54	5 »
55	5 10
56	5 11
57	5 H
58	5 >6
59	5 *9
60	6 0
61	6 3
, 62	6 .5
63	6 8
64	•6 13
■ 65	6 16
66	7 0
67	7 5
68	7 10
69	7 16
70	8 1
	8 8
72	8 15
73	9 3
74	9 11
75	10 0

*	5 «
5 *	5 »
5 3	5 4
5 4	5 i
5 5	5 <5
5 *	5 9
5 9	5 J0
5 1*	5 *2
5 i«	S H
5 15	5 16
S ll	5 *9
6 ,0	6 1
6 2	^ 3
6 4	6 6
6 6	6 8
6 10	6 ji
6 14	6 16
6 17	6 19
7 1	7 3
7 7	7 9
7 J2	7 H
7 18	8 0
8 3	! 5
8 10	8 12
818	9 0
9 5	9 «
9 <3	9 16
10 3	10 6

5 >	5 *
5 3	5 4
5 5	5 «
5 >6	5 7
3 7	5 8
j 10	5 ”
5 '*	S >3
5 *3	5 >5
5 *5	5 16
5 «8	5 49
C 0	6 2
6 3	6 +
6 5	6 6
6 7	6 9
6 9	6 11
6 13	6 15
6 18	7 0
7 1	7 3
7 5	7 7
7 »i	7 *3
7 16	7 18
8 3	8 5
8 8	8 10
8 15	8 17
9 3	9 5
9 ”	9 H
9 19	10 2
10 9	10 12

5	3	5	4	5	5
5	5	5	6	5	7
5	7	5	8	5	9
5	9	5	10	5	11
5	9	5	10	5	12
5	12	5	13	5	*5
5	M	5	»5	5	16
5	16	5	17	5	18
S	18	5	19	6	0
6	0	6	2	6	3
6	3	6	4	6	6
6	6	6	7	6	9
6	8	6	9	6	11
6	10	6	12	6	*3
6	J3	6	14	6	16
6	n	6	18	7	0
7	1	7	3	7	5
7	5	7	7	7	8
7	9	7	^ .	7	1S
7	*5	7	17	7	*9
8	1	8	3	8	5
8	7	8	9	8	11
8	12	8	*5	8	*7
9	0	9	2	9	5
9	8	9	11	9	13
9	16	9	19	10	2
10	5	10	8	10	11
10	16	10	19	11	2

6	5 7	481
8	5 9	49
10	5 11	5®
12	5 *3	51
13	5 H	5*
16	5 *7	53
18	5 *9	54
0	6 1	55
1	6 3	56
4	6 6	57
7	6 9	58
10	6 12	59
12 -	6 14	60
1S	6 16	61
18	6 19	6j
2	7 3	63
7	7 8	64
10	7 I*	f5?
!5	7 17	66
1	8 3	67
7	8 9	68
H	8 16	<59
19	9 *	70
7	9 10	7i
16	9 18	72
5	10 7	73
H	10 17	74
	11 8	' 7?

5

5

5

5

5

5

.S

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

7

7

7

7

8

8

8

8

9

9

io

JO

II

3

A.D. 1812.	52° GEO. III.	C.129.



2

SCHEDULE (B.)

TABLE No. z.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be parable for every £100. of the Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Nominees fhall be of equal Ages, or being of different Ages, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee fhall not exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years at the time of the Transfer.

O

to

o

o

eg

FT

.«J	Price of the		
" f  « 0	- 5°	51	52
-5** *** < *	and under	and under	and under]
	51*	52,	53-
	£ J.	/.	* S •
35	3 10	3 "	3 11
3^	3 11	3 *2	3 12
37	3 11	3 12	3 12
38	3 *2	3 12	3 13
39	3 *3	3 *3	3 14
40	3 !4	3 14	3 *5
4*	3 H	3 H	3 15
4*  1 A <4	3 14	3 *5	3 15
	3	3 1 5	3 16
tc	3 16	3 16	3 17
	3 *7	3 17	3 *«
I	1 3	3 >«	3 **>

Price of the £3. per Cent. Confolidated or Reduced Annuities.

53

id uni

54-

£ /.

3 13

»3

»3

>3

•4

*5

\l

l6

1 7 18

»<>

54

and under

55-

£ /•

3

*3

*3

*4

15

16

16

16

f7

18

55	56	57	58
and underaud under		and under	and und
56.	57-	58.	59*
£	* t.		se /.
3 *3	3 *3	3 14	3 >4
3 »4	3 1+	3	3 *5
3 *4	3 *4	3 lS	3 »5
3 *4	3 *5	3 *5	3 *6
3 15	3 16	3 16	3 *7
3 i<5	3 17	3 x7	3
3 16	3 '7	3 17	3 18
3 *7	3 >8	3 *8	3 *9
3 18	3 >8	3 *9	4 0
3 *9	3 "9	4 0	4 1
4 0 4 *	4 0 * »	4 *  4 *	4 a  4 3

59

and under

60.

£ j.

3 <3 3 *6 3 16 3 i6 3 r7

3 *8

3 18

3	>9

4	0 4 * 4 * 4 3

*4

Ja •

^ r

33

3^

37

38

39

40 4f 4a

43

44

4^

o

o

w

o

a

A.D.iSit.

52" GEa III,

72p

C. 129.

Os  *- *#• «r	O - N eo -*• 10VO t^OO ON ^U>lAUs»^lA|^Usl^»A	O « N W5^- to SO t>-00 Os VOSOSOSOSOSOSOSOVOVO	0 « ft to H- to  t>» i'* r^- r-
vtnSO	Os O M to »OVO 00 0 M	to to 00 -' ■<*“ t"* O tt- N  ***-.►- HH	VO H fv«O0 t>  M 1-4
<*-*■*-*-	tH-^^-^-^^^-l/Sto	tr> Lo lo to lo VoVO VO VO SO •	vo M'' r^oo 00
t*>vo	vo ao Os O ft to r^ Cs ~	N rt* 0 to to 00 NVO «	to O to « 00 to
^ ^		lo Vo to to to So vo VO VO	vo r^t^tN t^oo
«*> + •**	>0 ao OS Os « to -s*-VO 00 0	M tr.so 00 - ^ h.H -t** os	moo co Os vo e*  ►— 04 H4
^ *- *■		to to to to to to to VO VO VO	vo vo t^ao
•*	to |N* Os *+ tt W5 h' Os	O W *sf*t^O to to Os to 00  M H H	•* vo n s*- 0  M M
4  4  4		to to to *0 to to to to VO VO	vo vo r^ao
	^-NO t^OO O N N +\c 00	Os 0 to SO os *-00 1-1 VO  M to* M »H	O -si- O to N 00  N N H H
		T*- to to to to to to to VO VO	vo vo t-*
H « W5	to UWO NOM *-  M M N M H	Os N to 00 0 *ovo O '*■	00 «ooo «o Ovvo
4  4  4		^ it IO to to to to to VO VO	vo vo VO
f  1  0	t* *• t^vo 00 O O J ^-vo	vo 00 ^ t*-vo os m »oao to	vo m vo « r> fn
		T*-^lOtOto«OtOto to VO	vo vc vo r-*
Os 0 **	M ^lOVst^OsOSw tn to	to r- 0 N *o00 0 ecbH	to OS ^ Os to M
		•^-^-Votototototo to VO	vo vo vo vo
Os O O »	m »OTh ^»so xa 0 n +	rf-vo cs •-» ^-vo 00 m to 0	«nt>> n in wos
		•^-^■^-tototototo to VO	vo vo vo vo i>
® 3s O	O tt «o *s*-0 r-OO O •“• <0	ro to00 0 CO to ^ ^"30	NVO N ton fs  H4 tm
•C eo		-^•Tt-Ti-tototototototo	vo vo vo vo
Os	O •* n «fj tovo co os  U> 1^ Ia io u> UMO	O « N r<vt to VO t^OO Os VOVOCCSOVO'OVOO'O	O H N W + ^  t>> r*

3 A 4

v^ooQle

Schedule (B.) — continued.

u

Q

TABLE No. 3.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every jgioo. Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee lhall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years, but not by more than Ten Years at the time of the Transfer.

D

<q;

ro

CL

Z

o

o



«  a		Price of the £$. per Cent. Confolidated or Reduced Annuities.									V  60  a
of you Life.	S°	51	52	53	54	55	56	57	58	59	0 ^ 0 *■*  <U
*	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	VI  <
	5»*	52,	53-	54.	55-	56-	57-	58.	59-	60.	
35	£ /. 3 11	if /.  3 1*	If /.  3 1*	/.  3 13	J? /.  3 *3	£/. 3 *4	/.  3 H	£ /. 3 *5	* /. 3 ”1	£ /. 3 16	35
36	3 **	3 ™	3 «	3 13	3 >3	3 *4	3 *1	3 *5	3 16	3 *6	36
37	3 **	3 x3	3 13	3 «♦	3 J4	3 »5	3 16	3 16	3 '2	3 *2	32  3»
3*	3 13	3 *4	3 *4	3 15	3 *5	3 16	3 *2	3 17	3	3 »8	
39	3 *4	3 l5	3 *5	3 *6	3 x6	3 ‘7	3 *8	3 18	3 *9	3 *9	39
40	3 *1	3	3 16	3 *7	3 «7	3 18	3 *9	3 x9	4 0	4 0	4°  4s
4*	3 *5	3 ,<s	3 16	3 *7	3 *«	3 >8	3 *9	4 0	4 0	4 1	4*
4*	3 t6	3 j<s	3 *7	3 *7 3 *•	3 *8	3 «9	3 *9	4 0	4 1	4 1	43
43	3	5 *2 3 'i  3 *®	3 *Z 3 *« S >P		3 *9	4 0	4 ©	4 *	4 »	4 *  jt a	44
44  45	8 *2 3 »8			3	*9  4	O	4 0 ♦ *	4 « -4 *	4 * ♦ »	4 * 4 S	4 3  4- 4	4 3 4 4	45

Cft

O

o

5

>■

b

A.D.i8i2

52° GEO. in.

73*

C.129.

VO Os	O H « COM- to VO t^oo Os *0 to to *o *o *o *o to *0 to	0 ** ft CO rf- loVO NOO os  vovosovosovovovovoso	0  N
r^oo os	— n *<J- to Os — to ^ r*	OS N to 00 M SO OS tO ^ CO  M M M H H	00
	^-^-■^-Th^-Tj-Iotototo ,	Wo to «o toVO VOSO'OVO IN	N
to r- t^oo	O « to •^‘VO 00 0 M COO	00 - tovo O ThOO N vo h  l~ ** *1 **	vo
	♦ + + si-^-shi^sou>io	to to to toVO VO vo SO vo	(N
^>o t^.00	O O N O»0ts0SH tt 1^ 0 0 0 0	vo Os « to OS toVO 0 •vf* O  ^ H H P* *-*	"+
	•^-'^■’^“^-^-^■^toloto	to to to to tovo VO VO VO	
CO to VO In	Os O - * Tf-VO 00 0 *4 CO	tooo « rp ft 1000 ct 00	CO
'**-'**-	^-■^-^-■^"^-Thrhtototo	to to to to «oVO VO VO VO vo	N
H + to VO	00 OS 0 ^ CO to tN. os 0 «	tJ-bO O so 0 COINHVO  N »* H t-l l-»	M
^ Ti- -4-	+'t + + ^ »o to	to to to to »oVO VO vo so vo	N
« ^ ^ *0	r^oo os 0 «« *+vo 00 00 **	COSO 00 «-• toOO N toOS^ ** ** ** **	Os  **
+ +		to to to to to toVO VO vo vo	vo
?m  W WW +	VO looses*-* tOV>lN|NO	n con O to r^. ft	N  M
		to to to to to tovo VO VO VO	vo
0 ft to	VO vo t^oo O ct T^vo vo os	0 COVO 00 M to OS M to ** ****** **	to
* *- *-	+ ^ +	to to to to to to toVO VO VO	vo
C\N « tO  M	VO«O^N Ov w to to to 00	Os N ^ N* O |N* 0 OS ******	CO  **
«o	't*-'*-'*-'*’*-*’**-’*-**	rh to to to to to toVO VO VO	vo
Os >-«•-■ ft	tovo Os O N rh r$- n*	00 M crjVO OS COSO Os N N  M pm M P*	ft  M
«o -«♦*	<«-.<+• *- <* «*• «<*•	««$* to to to to *0 to toVO VO	vo
vO r-oo os * ^ *■ ^	O “ ft CO rf- loVO t^oo Os to to to to *0 to *o to to to	0 M ft CO H- toVO t^OO OS VOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVOVO	0

L,ooQle



Schedule ( B.)—continued.

IM

N

TABLE No. 4.	P

m

Shewing t!ie Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of	v<>

the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every £100. of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee fhall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Ten Years, but not by more than Fifteen Years, at the time of the Transfer,

o

o

n

JU  -0		Price of £$.		per Cent. Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities							u  5a  § .
§ £					1						
	5°	5l	52 1	53	54 !	55	56 1	57.	58	59	«
<	and under	and under	and under	and under	and underand under		and under	and und	and under	and under	M  <
	5‘*	S2’	53-	54-	55• |	56.	57-	58.	59-	60.	
	£ /.	£ t.	£	£t.	£ /.		4 /.	£t.	£ s.	£ s.	
35	3 12	3 13	3 »3	3 H	3 »4	3 *5	3 *6	3 16	3 J7	3 *7	3!
36	3 *3	3 *4	3 H	3 «5	3 *5	3 16	3 17	3 ‘Z	3 1*	3 I*	3«
37	3 «4	3 >5	3	3 >6	3 16	3 *7	3 18	3 »8	3 *9	3 *9	3Z
3*	3	3 16	3 16	• 3 *7	3 *7	3 »»	3 *9	3 >9	4 0	4 0	38
39	3 1$	3 17	3 »7	3 18	3	3 *9	4 0	4 0	4 1	4 *	39
1 40	3 Sl	3 >7	3 *8	3 18	3 >9	4 P	4 0	4 1	4 *	4 *	4°
	5	3 18	3 19	3 *9	4 O	4 I	4 1	4 •	4 3	4 S	4*
1	s 18,	3 >9	S *9	, 4 0	♦ *	4 *	4 a	4 S	4 4	4 4	4®
I «	$ »9-	♦ O	♦ 0	1 * *	4 *	4 S	4 3	4 4	4 5	4 5	43
\ 44	4 0	4 0	4 *	\ 4 a	4 3	4 3	+ 4	4 5	4. «	4 6	44



S3

>

b

QO

?

A.D. 1812,

5 2° GEO. HI.

C. ^29.

733

t>oo on *-*-*•*•*-	O m « to *- vovo ts-oo on lnvovnvovovnvnvnvovn	O m ft to *• *n  vo vo VO VO VO VO
r^oo 0 -« ft	*-vo i^Onh to vo r* O to  M M M M MM	vo 00 ft VO 0 ft  M M MM
*-*-*•*-*•	+ + + +	Vo Vo VO VO V- VO
t"* on O *+  m m	to VO VO 30 0 ft **V© ON ft  M M M M M	VO NO O *-00 M  MM M
*-*■*-*-*-	^ «oto >0 lo to	VO voVO VO vo vo
\0 |N0v0\0  M	ft *- vo On ►*< covnt^O	to Vo ON «n ON  M M M
*-*•*-*-*-	*“*-*-*-*-voVovovn»n	lo Vo VoVO VO VO
vnvo 00 On On	m to *-vo 00 0 m covo On	M *- M lo00 M M M
*•*•*•*■*•	*-*-*-*-*-vo»ovnvovo	Vo *0 VoVO vo vo
*-vnr^co cn	*- to to vo On m n vn 00  M M M M M M	M tv vo 0 *-VO  M M M
	*-*-***-*-*-votovovo	lo Vo VoVO VO VO
*• T*-VO t^QO	O «t ft ^VO « OVH ^ts  M M M M M M M	0 M Vo 00 ft *-  M M M M
4  4  4  4  4		lo Vo Vo Vo VC VO
coco mvo	q^m m tovnc^oo O tovo	GO O to M to  M M M
*-*•*-*■*"		to Vo Vo VoVO VO
n to m vovo	00 O O ft *-VO ON m *-	t^00 N It 0 H
*-*■*- *- *-	*-*-*-*“*r***-**vnvn	Vo VO VO Vo VoVO
w N ^ +	On ON t- to vo vo oc O to	VO InO *-00 0
*-*“ *- *•*•		lo Vo VO VO VoVO
^ h eorj-^	vo CO 00 O M rJ-iot^ON«t	voO Cn tovo GO
it *- *- it *-	*-*-^^*•*“*■*•*"*0	10 Vo Vo Vo Vo Vo
v^,*0 r^X On	O *• ft to ^ vo NO r^oo On tmnvovnvovnvovntovo	0 M N to ** lo  VO VO vo vo vo vo

v^ooQle

Schedule (B.)—continued.

TABLE No. 5.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every £ 100 of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee

(hall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Fifteen Years, but not by m re than Twenty Years, at the time of the Transfer.

4				Price	of the £*3. per Cent. Confolidated or				Reduced Bank Annuities.							to  B
u	so		5	1	S2	S3	54	I  55 I		S6	57		58	59		"o
0 J4	and	under	and	tinder and under and under			and undei	and	underhand under		and	under	and under	and	under	V  aO
<	51*		52-		S3-	54-	55*	56.		57-	58.		59-	60.		«
	£		£	/.	£ '•	£ '•	£ '•	£	/.	£ *	£	j.	£	£	/.	
35	3	1 4	3	15	3 15	3 16	3 16	3	17	3 i	3	18	3 19	3	19	35
36	3	15	3	16	3 16	3 *7	3 17	3	t8	318	3	19	4 0	’ * 4	0	36
37	3	16	3	16	3 17	3 17	3 18	3	19	319	4	0	4 1	4	1	37
38	3	17	5	17	318	3 18	3 19	4	0	4 0	4	1	4 1	4	2	38
39 ■	3	18	3	18	3 19	3 19	4 O	4	1	4 1	4	2	4 3	4	3	39
40	3	18	3	19	3 19	4 0	4 1	4	2	4 1	4	3	4 4	4	4	40
41	3	19	4	0	4 0	4 1	4 1	4	3	4 3	4	4	4 5	4	5	41
42	4	O	4	0	4 1	4 2	4 3	4	3	4 4	4	5	4 6	4	6	41
43	4	Z	4	X	4 2	4 3	4 4	4	4	4 5	4	6	4 7	4	7	43
44	4	1	4	2	4 3	4 3	4 4	4	5	4 6	4	7	4 7	4	8	44
45	4	3	4	4	4 5	4 5	4 6	4	7	4 8	4	9	4 9	4	10	45
46	4	4	4	4	4 5	4 6	4 7	4	8	4 9	4	9	4 10	4	11	46
47	4	6	4	6	4 7	4 8	4 9	4	JO	4 11	4	11	4~i*	4	!3	47
48	4	6	4	7	4 8	4 9	4 TO	4	11	4 11	4	12	4 13	4	14	48
49	4	8	4	9	4 10	4 11	4 il	4	ij	4 U	4	14	4 *5	4	z6	49
50	4	10	4	10	4 II	4 12	4 13	4	14	4 15	4	s6	4 77	4	18	50
Ji-	4	12	4	11	4 13	4 14	4 15	4	16	4 17	4	18	4 79	• 5	0	51
	4	12	4	J3	4 14	4 15	4 16	4	17	4 18	4	>9	5 «	5	1	52
53	4	13	4	14	4 15	4 16	4 17	4	18	4 19	J	0	5 ^	5	2	53
54	4	»4	4	15	4 16	4 17	4 18	5	0	5 I	5	2	5 3	5	4	54
55	4	17	4	18	4 19	5 0	5 1	5	3	5 4	5	5	5 fi	5	7	55  c6
56	4	19	5	0	J 1	5 2	5 3	j	4	5 5	5	7	5 8	5	9	( 7
57	5	X	5	a	5 3	5 5	i 6	5	7	5 8	5	9	5 11	5	12	5^
58	5	4	5	5	5 6	5 7	5 9	5	10	5 ti	5	1X		J		59
59	3	6	3	7	5 9	5 so	5 s«	5		5 14	5	>5	5 16	5		60
J 60	J	9	, 3	xo	J **	S *3	5 »4	5	JJ	5 *7	5	x8	5 *9	6	X	

O

H

M

T

In

K>

8

o

h

>

a

on

K>



9

°§,

TABLE No. 6.

Shewing the Annua* Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every £ 100. of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee flull exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Twenty Years, but not by more than Twenty five Years at the time of the Transfer.

t*  &  s	Price of the £$• per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.														Age of younger Life.
	5°  and under  5I#	Si ,  and under  5?-r	52 1 and under  53-	and under 54-	and under  55-		55  and under 56.		and under 57-	57  and under 58.		and under 59-	and under 60.		
	£ '•	£ '■	£ *•	£ '•	£	/.	£	/•	£ *•	£	i.	£• *	£	/•	
35	3 16	3	3 17	3 17	3	18	3	19	3 19	4	0	4 1	4	X	3i
36	3 I7	3	3 18	3 18	3	i9	4	0	4 0	4	X	4 »	4	2	3ft
37	3 *8	3 18	3 f9	3 19	4	0	4	1	4 I	4	2	4 3	4	3	3l
38	3 18	3 >9	3 19	4 0	4	1	4	2	4 *	4	3	4 4	4	4	38
39	3 *9	4 0	4 0	4 1	4	2	4	3	4 3	4	4	4 5	4	5	39
do	-4 o	4 O	4 1	4 2	4	3	4	3	4 4	4	5	4 ft	4	6	40
41	4 *	4 1	4 2	4 3	4	4	4	4	4 5	4	6	4 7	4	7	41
4*	4 *	4 *	4 3	4 3	4	4	4	5	4 ^	4	7	4 7	4	8	42
43	4 3	4 4	4 5	4 5	4	6	4	7	4 8	4	9	4 9	4	10	43
44	4 4	4 4	4 5	4 6	4	7	4	8	4 9	4	9	4 10	4	ii	44
45 1	4 6	4 7	4 8	4 8	4	9	4	10	4 1*	4	12	4 12	4	13	45
46	4 7	4 7	4 8	4 9	4	10	4	IX	4 I*	4	IX	4 13	4	14	46
47	4 8	4 9	4 10	4 11	4	12	4	13	4 13	4	14	4 15	4	16	47
48	4 9	4 9	4 10	4 11	4	12	4	13	4 14	4	15	4 16	4	17	48
49	4	4 I*	4	4 13	4	14	4	15	4 ift	4	17	4 18	4	19	49
50	4 H	4 1*	4 13	4 14	4	15	4	16	4 17	4	18	4 19	5	0	50
51	4 13	4 14	4 15	4 16	4	17	4	18	4 19	s	0	5 1	5	2	51
5a	4 15	4 16	4 17	4 18	4	19	j	0	5 I	5	2	5 3	5	4	5*
53	4 16	4 17	4 18	4 19	5	0	5	2	5 3	5	4	5 5	5	6	53
54	4 18	4 19	5 0	5 1	5	2	5	3	5 4	5	6	5 7	5	8	54
55	5 1	5 *	5 3	5 4	5	5	5	6	5 7	5	9	5 10	5	XX	55

■r	■■	r

S’

b

09

M

2

8

VO

■^1

CnJ

W»



n

o



Schedule (B.) —continued•

TABLE No. 7.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Live*, and the Life of the lonaer Liver of them which wdl be payable for every £100. of Stock transferred, according to die Average Price thereof, in cafe the A<e of the elder Nominee* flwll exeked the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Twenty five Years, but not by more than Thirty Years at the time of the 1 ransfef.

	Price of the £$■ per Cent. Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.										3
tv  u  3  O	i	C I	1  <2 1	53	5+	55	56	57	58	,59	b.)  S  §
-8	and under and undcriand under			and under	and under	and under	ind under	and under	and under	and under	'0
O  to  <	5'-	1  52-	53-	54-	55-	56.	57*	58.	59-	60.	1 ^ ‘ <
	£ •	£ *•	£ '•	£ '•	£ '•	£ '•	£ *•	£	aC '•	£	1 c
35	3 18	3 18	3 *9	3 19	4 0	4 x	4 X	4 2	4 3	4 3	16
36	3 19	3 19	4 0	4 0	4 X	4 1	4 ft	4 3	4 4	4 4  4 c	a7
37	3 iy	4 0	4 O	4 1	4 A	4 3	4 3	4 4	4 5  . z	4 5  A 6	38
38	4 0	4 I	4 I	4 »	4 3	4 4	4 4	4 j	4 &	4 w	
39	4 1	4 1	4 *	4 3	4 4	4 4	4 J	4 6	4 7	4 7	39
40	4 I	4I.I	4 3	4 3	4 4	4 5	4 6	4 7	4 7	4 8	40
41	4 4	4 4	4 5	4 6	4 7	4 Z	4 8	4 9	4 xo	4 10	41
	4 4	4 5	4 6	4 6	4 7	4 8	4 9	4 10	4 xo	4 II	4*
43	4 5	4 5	4 6	4 7	4 8	4 9	4 10	4 IO	4 xi	4 Ift	43  A A
44	- 4 7	4 7	4 8	4 9	4 10	4 ti	4 Ift	4 Ift	4 13	4 14	44
45	4 7	4 8	4 9	4 10	4 i«	4 i»	4 I*	4 13	4 *4	4 15	45
46	4 9	4 xo	4 xx	4 >»	4 13	4 14	4 14	4 15	4	4 X7	40  a n
	4 It	4 it	4 x*	4 13	4 *4	4 1J	4 16	4 X7	4 *8	4 *9	4/  48
	I 4 II	4 1*	4 X3	4 14	a re	4 x6	4 X7	4 x8	4 X9	5 0	49
	1 4 t%	4 «3	4 X4	4 IJ	4 >4	4 17	4 x8	4 X9	S 0	J 1	
j J°	Y 4 14	4 * 5	4 16	4 *7	4 **	4 19	3 0	5 *	S ft	5 3	50

O

to

'P

o

o

■p

\

s*

a

00



TABLE No. 8,

Shewing the Annual Amount of Lirt Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every £iOO. of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee lhall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Thirty Years, but not by more than Thirty 6ve Years at the time of the Transfer.

w  Sr  a  n	Price of the ^3. perCent. Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.										3  so  c 2 .
c oJ 0 ^	5°	51	5*	- 53	54	55	56	57	58 .	59 ,	e of yc Life
%	and under	and under	and under	and uuder	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	<
* I	51 *	52-	53-	54-	55-	56.	57-	58.	59•	60.	
!  1		£-	£	£ -	£	£ *•	£ '•	£ *	£'•	£ '•	
5$ J	4 O	4 0	4 i	4 1	4 a	4 3	4 3	4 4	4 5	4 5	35
36	1 4 0	4 1	4 1	4 a	4 3	4 4	4 4	4 3	4	4 6	36
37	! 4 1 '	4 2	4 *	4 3	4 4	4 5	4 5	4 6	4 7 ■	4 7	37
3*	4 *	4 »	4 3	4 4	4 5	4 5	4 6	4 7	4 8	4 8	38
39	4 3	4 3	4 4	4 5	4 6	4 6	4 7	4 8	4 9	4 9	39
4®	4 5	4 5	4 6	4 7	4 8	4 8	4 9	4 10	4 11	4 11	40
41	4 5	4 6	4 7	4 7	4 8	4 9	4 10	4 II	4 it	4 1*	41
42	4 6	4 6	4 7	4 8	4 9	4 10	4 11	4 II	4 ia	4 13	4a
4 3	4 «	4 8	4 9	4 10	4 II	4 ia	4 13	4 13	4 14	4 15	43
44	4 8	4 9	4 10	4 II	4 ia	4 13	4 13	4 14	4 15	4 16	44
4'	4 10	4 11	4 ia	4 13	4 »4	4 15	4 15	4 16	4 17	4 18	45

O

o

>0

n

vj

Ui

-4

A.D.1812.	52°GEO.	III.	C.129.





f

Schedule (B.) — continued\

TABLE No. 9.

Shewing the AwNUAt Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every £100. of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee (hall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Thirty five Years at the time of the Transfer.

o

o

n

Tn

O

txs

tn

t*1

&  e  2 .	Price of the £$. per Cent. Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.										4*  30  8  3
											
V-*	5°	5*	5* 1	53	54 ,	55	56	57	58	59	O  4>
Si	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and undet	tnd under	<
	51-	5*-	53*	54-	55-	56.	57-	58.	59-	60.	
	£ '• -	£ '•	£ *.	£	£ '•	£ "	£'•	£ '•	£ '•	£ '•	
35	4 Z	4 *	4 a	4 3	4 4	4 *	4 5	4 6	4 7	4 7	35
36	4 i	4 3	4 3	4 4	4 5	4 6	4 6	4 7	4 8	4 «	36
37	4 3	4 4	4 4	4 5	4 6	4 7	4 7	4 8	4 9	4 9	37
38	4 4	4 4	4 5	4 6	4 7	4 7	4 8	4 9	4 10	4 l°	38
39	4 4	4 5	4 6	4 6	4 7	4 8	4 9	4 *o	4 10	4 *1	39
14°	4 5	4 6	4 7	4 7	4 8	- 4 9	4 *D	4 11	4 I*	4	40

•jijiQV	*111	‘030	‘651*0

A.D.i8i2.

52° GEO. III.

C. 129.

739

SCHEDULE (C.)

FORM of CERTIFICATE to be granted by the find Officer, in order to enable the Transfer of Stock at the Bank of England for the purchafe of Life Annuities.

N~	~

TN purfuance of an Aft palled in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelty, intituled [hereinfert the Title of the Act] 1 do hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, That A.B. of	hath fignified to the

Commiffioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, his [or, her] Defire, on his [or, her] own Behalf [or, on the Behalf of C.D.

ot	]	to	transfer	or	caufe to be transferred

the Sum of	£y	per	Centum Confolidated

[or, Reduced] Bank Annuities, to the faid Commiffioners, for the Purchafe of a Life Annuity on the Life of himfelf [or, herfelf, or, of C.D. as the cafe may be] [or,*/i cafe of Two Nominees, on the Livea of him or her the faid A.B.	and	of	E.F.	of

and the Life of the longer Liver of them,] [or, of E.F. of	and G.H.	of

and the Life of the longer Liver of them, as the cafe may be.'] And I do hereby further certify, That it hath been made appear to me, that the Age of the faid Nominee, upon which the Amount of the faid Annuity is to be eflimated according to the Provifions of the faid Aft, is	Years	[or,	in	cafe of Two Nominees

of equal Ages9 that the faid Nominees are of equal Ages, and that the Age upon which the Amount of the faid Annuity is to be efli-mated according to the Provifions of the faid Aft is

Years] [or, in cafe there Jhall be Two Nominees of unequal Ages9 that the refpeftive Ages upon which the Annuity is to be efti-mated according to the Provifions of the faid Aft are as follows ; 1videlicet, the Age of the faid	the	younger

Nominee, is	Years	;	and	the Age of the faid

the elder Nominee, exceeds the faid Age of	the	younger	Nominee by more than

Years, but not by more than	Years] : And I do

hereby further certify, That the Amount of the Life Annuity which will upon the Transfer of the laid Sum of	£$.	per

Centum Confolidated [or. Reduced] Bank Annuities, become payable in refpeft thereof during the Life of the faid Nominee [or, of the faid Two Nominees and the Life of the longer Liver of them] is

per Annum.

Witnefs my Hand this	Day	of	4

52 Geo. 1IL	3	B

C A P.

gitized by Google

52» GEO. Ill,

A.D.i8u.

1 G. 1. Sttt. *. *• J.

9G.1. c.**,

> O.j. c.*9.

4* G. 3. (U. K.)

•.*4.

4jG.j.e.j8.

Wilfully Heft roy-fai| Budding, &c.

C.I3*.

CAP. CXXX.

An Aft for the more effeftual Puniftiment of Petfons deftroy-ing the Properties of His Majelly's Subjefts ; and enabling the Owners of fuch Properties to recover Damages for the Injury fultained.	[i8th«Mf	1812.]

*	TT7HEREAS an Aft puffed in the Firft Year of the Reign of

*	W His Majesty King George the Firft, intituled An Ad for 4 preventing Tumults and riotous Affemblies, and for the more fpeedy aid

*	effeftualpunifhing the Rioters : And whereas an Aft pafled in the 4 Ninth Year of the Reign of His faid Majesty King George the

*	Firft, intituled An Aft for the more effeftual punifbing wicked and ‘ evil difpofed Perfonsy going armed in Difguifey and doing Injuries and 4 Violences to the Pcrfons and Properties of His Majeffs Suljrds, 4 and for the more fpfedy bringing the Offenders to J office: And

*	whereas an Aft pafled in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His 4 Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Aft for the mm 4 effeftual Punijhment of fuch Perfons as Jhall demohfb or pull down, 4 burn or otberwife dejlroy or fpoil any Mill or Mills ; and for prevett-4 ing the deflroying or damaging of Engines for draining Collieries and 4 Mines ; or Bridges, Waggon Ways or other Things ufed in conveying 4 Coals, Leady Tin or other Minerals from Mines; or Fences for is-4 clofing Lands in purfuance of Aft of Parliament :9 And whereas an

*	Aft pafled in the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Aft for the indemnify* 4 tnS °f Pcrfons injured by the forcible pulling down and demohfiai 4 of Mills 9 or of Works thereunto belonging, by Perfons unlawfully and 4 riotoujly affembled : And whereas an Aft pafled in the Forty third 4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty King George the Third,

*	intituled An Aft for the further Prevention of malicious Shooting 4 and attempting to dij'charge loaded Fire Armsy (labbingy cutting ( woundingy poifoning and the malicious ufing of Means to procure the 4 Mifcarriage of Women ; and alfo the malicious felting Fire to Build-

*	ings ; and alfo for repealing a certain Aft, made in England in the 4 Twenty JirJl Tear of the late King James the Firfly intituled An AS 4 to prevent the deflroying and murtbering of Baffard Children ; and 4 alfo an Aft made in Ireland in the Sixth Tear of the Reign of the late 4 Oueen Anne, alfo intituled an Aft to prevent the deflroying end anr-4 thering of Bajlard Children ; andfor making other Provsfons in lien 4 thereof: And whereas it is expedient and neceflary that more 4 effectual Provifions (hould be made for the Proteftion of Property 9 not within the Provifions of the faid Afts ;* May it therefore pleafe 4 Your Majesty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That ere17 Perfon who (hall, froth and after the palling of this Aft, wilfully or malic ioufly burn or fet fire to any Buildings, Ereftions or Engines, which (hall be ufed or employed in the carrying on or conducing of any Trade or Manufaftory,orany Branch or Department of any Trade or Manufaftory of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of any Kind or Defcription whatfoeve* or in which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, fhall be warehoufed or depofited, (hall, upon being lawfully

COfiri&d



Google

A.D.i8i2.

74*

520 GEO. IIL

C.130.

convided thereof, be adjudged guilty of Felony, without Benefit of	%

Clergy, and (hall fuffer Death as in cafes of Felony, without Benefit Beatfc. of Clergy.

II.	And be it further enaded, That if after the patting of this Demolifoing Ad any Perfon or Perfons unlawfully, riotoufly and tumultuoufly Buildings, See. affejnbled together in Difturbance of the public Peace, (hall unlaw-

fully and with Force demolifti or pull down, or begin to demolifh or pull down, any Eredion and Building or Engine which (hall be ufed or employed in the carrying on or conducing of any Trade or Manufactory, or any Branch or Department of any Trade or Manufactory of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of any Kind or Defcription whatfoever, or in which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, (hall be warehoufed or depofited, that then every fuch demolifiiing or pulling down, or beginning to demolifii or pull down, (hall be adjudged Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein (hall be adjudged Felons, and (hall fuffer Death as in cafes of Felony, Death, without Benefit of Clergy.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the Perfon or Perfons in- Value of or Dt-jured or damnified by fuch demolifiiing or pulling down, wholly or in mage done to Part, of any fuch Eredion, Building or Engine as aforefaid, (hall Manufadories, be entitled to, and may and is and are hereby empowered to recover ^j[^C0Vertd M the Value of fuch Eredion, Building or EIngine, and of the Machinery belonging thereto, or ufed therein, which (hall be deftroyed

in fuch demolifiiing as aforefaid, or the Amount of the Damage which may be done to any fuch Eredion, Building or Engine or Machinery aforefaid,* in fuch tumultuous and riotous demolifiiing in Part as aforefaid ; and fuch Value or Damage (hall and may be recovered, levied, raifed and re imburfed, in fuch Manner and Form, and by fuch ways and means as are particularly provided, directed or referred to, in the faid recited Ad of the Firft Year of the Reign of His late 1 G. 1 Stat. », Majeftv King George the Firft, in refped of the feveral Defcriptions c. 5. of Buildings therein mentioned.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon Proceeding* to or Perfons (hall be enabled to recover any Damages by virtue of this recoverDamage* Ad, unlefs he or they, by themfelves or by their Servants, within

Two Days after fuch Damage or Injury done him or them by any

fuch Offender or Offenders as aforefaid, (hall give Notice of fuch

Offence done and committed unto fome of the Inhabitants of fome

Town, Village or Hamlet, near unto the Place where any fuch Fad

(hall be committed, and (hall within Four Days after fuch Notice,

give in his, her or their Examination upon Oath, or the Examination

upon Oath of his, her or their Servant or Servants, that had the

Care of his or their Eredions, Buildings, Engines or Machinery fo

deftroyed or damaged as aforefaid, before any Juftice of the Peace of

the County, Liberty or Divifion where fuch Fad (hall be commtited,

inhabiting within the faid Hundred where the faid Fad (hall happen

to be committed, or near unto the fame, whether he or they do know

the Perfon or Perfons that committed fuch Fad, or any of them ; and

if upon fuch Examination it be confeffed that he or they do know

the rerfon.or Perfons that committed the faid Fad, or any of them,

that then he or they fo confefling (hall be bound by Recognizance to Recognizances.

profecute fuch Offender or Offenders by Indidment or otherwife,

according to the Law of this Realm : Provided alfo, that no Perfon Proiif*

who (hau fu&aia any Damage by reafon of any Offence to be com-

3 B z	mitted

A.D. 1812.

74*	C.130,131,132.	52®	GEO.	III.

mittcd by any Offender contrary to this A A, (hall be thereby enabled to Cue or bring any Aftion againll any Inhabitants of any Hundred where fuch Offence (hall be committed, except the Party or Parties fuftaining fuch Damage (hall commence his or their Action or Suit within One Year next after fuch Offence (hall be committed: Provided neverthelefs, that the Notice hereby required may and {hall be given in Scotland to the Sheriff or Steward Depute or Subftitute of the County or Stewartry where fuch Faft.lhall happen to be com-mittcd, in order that fuch Meafures may be taken as the Law of Scotland,	Scotland	preferibes	in	fuch	cafes.

CAP. CXXXI.

An Aft to exempt from the Duties of One Shilling and of Sixpence in the Pound, certain Augmentations made to the Stipends of Parifties in Scotland•	[18th July	1812.]

50 G. 3. c. 84.

49 G. 3. c.33..

Augmentations wot extending to 150I. yearly exempted.

WHEREAS an Aft paffed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majcfty, intituled An A3 for augmenting po-4 roebial Stipends in certain Cafes in Scotland: And whereas it is * expedient that certain of the Augmentations made under the hid 4 recited Aft (hould be exempted from the Duties of One Shilling 4 and Six pence refpeftively, payable under the Proviffons of an Ad * paffed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, 4 intituled An Ad for continuing and making perpetual feveral Dvtiu 4 of One Shilling and Six pence, repealed by an Ad of the lafi Sejion of 4 Parliament, on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuitiu, 4 Penftons and Stipends, and thereby granted for One Tear, to the Twenty 4 Fifth Day of March One tboufand eight hundred and nine :* May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it may be enafted ; and be it en-afted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adtice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the feme, That no Augmentation made and payable or paid under or by virtue of the Provifions of the faid recited Aft of the Fiftieth Year afore-faid to the Stipend of any Pariih in Scotland, which do not exteod in their yearly Amount or Value to the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, (hall be chargeable or charged with the Duties of One Shilling or Six pence, continued and made perpetual by the (aid recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign afore-laid, or cither of them, or any Part thereof; any thing in the faid recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year aforefaid to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CAP, CXXXII.

An Aft for explaining, amending and extending the feveral Laws relative to the Payment of forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money, to the Royal Hofpital at Chelfea; and for direfting the Mode of making up the Accounts of Penftons paid to the Widows of Officers of the Army.	[	18th July 1812.]

4 TT7HEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Forty fifth Year of the 1 ak Gvj.*7*.	<	yy	Reign	of	Hi#	prefent Majtfty, intituled An Ad for the

* Uw*	4	Encourage*	I

	1

A-D. i8i2<

743

520 GEO. III.	C.132.

*	Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more ejfe dually manning 4 His Maj(fly's Navy during the prefent War, it is, among other

*	things, enadted, that all unclaimed Shares of Soldiers ferving in any 4 conjunct Expedition with His Majesty’s Naval Forces as deferibed in 4 the faid Adi, (hould be paid to the Trcafurer of Chclfca Hofpital 4 for the Ufe of the faid Hofpital, within Six Months after Diftri-

*	bution commenced, fubjed nevertlielefs to be refunded to any In*

*	dividual entitled to the fame, and eftablifliing his Claim thereto

*	within Six Years from fuch Payment to the laid Treafurer ; and

*	that it fhould be lawful for the faid Treafurer to compel the Agents 4 for the Army to exhibit and verify their Accounts, and pay over 4 fuch Balances in like manner as the Treafurer of Greenwich Hof-

*	pital is by the faid Adt empowered to compel the producing and ve-4 rifying of Accounts and Payment of unclaimed Shares from the 4 Naval Prize Agents; and the High Court of Admiralty is autho-

*	rized to exercifc the fame Powers and Authorities for difeovering 4 and compelling the Payment of all Shares of Soldiers lo remaining

*	unpaid in the War then exifting, or any former, War, in like manner 4 as the faid Court is enabled to do by the now reciting or any other 4 Act refpedting the unclaimed Shares of Mariners ferving in His 4 Majesty’s Ships of War: And whereas an Adi was patted in the 4 Forty ninth Year of His faid Majclty’s Reign, intituled yin si cl to 49 G.3.C.X13.

*	explain and amend an A3 made in the Forty fifth Tear of His prefent 4 Majeflyyfor the Encouragement of Seamen9 and for the Letter and more 4 effectually manning His Majejly's Navy during the prefent I Tar; and 4 for the further Encouragement of Seamen f and for the Letter and more 4 effedually providing for the Interefl of the Royal Hofpital for,Scamen 4 at Greenwich, and the Royal Hofpital for Soldiers at Chelfea ; and 4 to extend the Provifions of the faid Ad to cafes arifing in confequence 4 of Hoflilities commencedfence the pdjfeng of the faid Ad : And whereas 4 an Acl was pafled in the Fifty firil Year of His faid Majelty’s

4 Reign, intituled An Ad for extending and amending the Regulation* 51 G. 3. c. 104,

4 now in force relative to the Payment to the Royal Hofpital at Chelfea,

*	of the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money : And

*	whereas Doubts have arifen whether the laid recited Provifion o£

4 the faid Adi of the Forty fifth, or the fcveral Provifions. relative to 4 Chelfea Hofpital, in the faid other recited Adis are applicable to 4 Captures or Grants upon Captures made in any War antecedent 4 to that which cxifted at the time the faid recited Adi of the Forty

*	fifth Year of His prefent Majesty was pafled ; and it is expedient 4 that the faid recited Adis, fome or one of them (hould in that re-4 fpedl be explained and otherwife extended and amended Be it therefore enadted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, all and every the Provifions, Regulations, Au« Provifions of thorities, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things in the relating to faid recited Ads or either of them and in this Adi contained, fo.far as Chcifeji Hoipnal, they relate to the faid Royal Hofpital at Chelfea, (hall be and the J^hfcquenT* fame are hereby declared to be applicable, as well to all Provifions Wars as to War and fubfequent Wars as to the War which was in Exiftence at the exifting atp%f-pafiing of the faid Adi of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His of prefent Majesty ; and that as fully and effectually to all Intents and 45 G‘3’c' 7a» Purpofes as if the faid Provifions, Regulations, Authorities, Powers,

3 B 3	Penalties,



744

Provifions of Ads as dire# Payments to Chelfea Hofpital of unchimed Prizes in what eaf« extended.

Comm'ffionen, ftc. of Chelfea Hofpital indent' uified for Appropriation of Money, and empowered to appropriate unclaimed Prise Monies in future.

C.132.	52§GEO.IIL	A.D.1812.

Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things weir fermQy repeated and re-ena&ed in the Body of and made Part of this Ad, and fhall he applicable alfo to all Salvage Monies which (hall hare been or fhall be payable to any Officers, Soldiers and Troops, on account of any Recapture or otherwife.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That fo much of the faid recited Ads or either of them as directs the Payment to the Treafureror Deputy Treafurer of Chelfea Hofpital, of all unclaimed and unpaid Shares of Prize or Balances remaining unpaid to Officers, Soldien and Troops in the Pay of His Majesty, or ading in any Service or Expedition under the Orders of His Majesty, fhall be and the fame is hereby extended to all cafes of Prize and Capture, and Grants upon Prize or Capture, or Salvage Monies or Balances arifing therefrom, not claimed by Officers, Soldiers and Troops belonging to His Majefly, but m the Pay of the United Company of Merchants trading to the Eajl Indies; aud all the Provifions, Regulations, Authorities, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things in the faid recited Ads or either of them contained in relation to unclaimed and unpaid Shares of Army Prize Mouey, fhail extend td authorize and require the Payment in like mauner and under the like Reftridions and Regulations of all Shares and Balances unclaimed and unpaid to any Officers, Soldiers or Troops belonging to His Majefly, but in the Pay of the faid United Company, or arifingfrom any Capture or Grant upon Capture which fhall have been or (hall be made in any Service or Expedition under the Orders of the Governor General of India for the time being, or any of His Majesty’s Officers, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofcs as if the faid Provifions, Regulations, Authorities, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things were feverally repeated and re-enaded in the Body of and made part of this Ad.

4 III. And whereas the Commiffioner9 of the faid Royal Hof-4 pital at Chelfea, out of the Monies which have been paid to the 4 faid Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer, purfuant to the Diredions of

•	the faid recited Ads, fome or one of them, have appropriated to 4 the Current Service of the faid la ft mentioned Hofpital Two Sums

*	of Money; that is to fay, a Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds

•	for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and ten, 4 and a Sum of Twenty five thoufand Pounds for the Service of

*	the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eleven/ Be it ena&edj That the faid Commiffioners and the Treafurer and Deputy Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital at Chelfea, and all other Perfons ading under their Authority, or the Authority of either of them, flail be and they are hereby indemnified for having made or ordered fuch Appropriation as aforefaid, and for all Ads, Matters and Things done in purfuance or in confequence thereof; and that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners at all times hereafter, by Warrant under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Three or more of them, direded to the Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer of the faid laft mentioned Hofpital, from time to time to appropriate fuch Sums of Money forming a Part of the forfeited and unclaimed Prize Money fo paid in as aforefaid or hereafter to be paid in, is they, or any Three or more of them, may think expedient and proper, to the Current Services of the faid laft mentioned Royal HouritaL

IV.



A.D.iSi?'

52° GEO. III.

C.132.	74	S

IV. And beit farther enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Treafurento Treafurer and Deputy Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital, and r*™ler Account they are hereby required, within Three Months from the palling of	*D

this Aft, to render to the Commiffioners of the faid Hofpital a juft Quarterly, and true Account of all their Receipts and Payments under the Authority of or in relation to the faid recited Afts and this Aft, or either of them, up to and including the Twenty fourth Day of June laft, and alfo in like manner to render Accounts of all future Receipts and Payments Four times in every Year; that is to fay, to the Twenty fourth Day of June, the Twenty fourth Day of September, the Twenty fourth Day of December, and Twenty fourth Day of March, in each Year 5 and the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to examine, audit and finally pafs the faid Accounts; any Powers, Authorities and Direftions in any other Aft of Parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

* V. And whereas Doubts have arifen, whether any Orders or

*	Powers of Attorney for the Receipt of Prize Money due to Non 4 Commillioned Officers of the Army and Soldiers, made previous to ‘ and not in the Form prefcribed by the faid recited Aft of the Forty

‘ ninth Year of His prefent Majesty, are now valid Be it therefore 49 .V c*

enafted and declared. That all fuch Orders or Powers of Attorney, if

made and executed prior to the paffing of the faid recited Aft of the tora^ uot

Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, although made

and executed purfuant to the Laws in force at the time when the

fame were fo made and executed, but not in the Form by the faid laft

mentioned Aft prefcribed, are and (hall be and are hereby declared to

be null and void and of no Effeft whatfocver, fave and except as to Exception.

Orders or Powers of Attorney made and executed purfuant to the

Laws in force at the time of their Execution by Non Commiffioned

Officers and Soldiers, to Perfons Handing in the Relationffiip of

either a Wife or Child, or Father or Mother, or Grandfather or

Grandmother, or Brother or Sifter, or Uncle or Aunt, or Niece or

Nephew.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the paffing Stamp Duty, of this Aft, no Stamp Duty (hall be payable to His Majesty upon any Orders for a Non Commiffioned Officer’s or Soldier’s Prize Money, in cafes where fuch Prize Money (hall not amount to Forty ^hillings or upwards.

4 VII. And whereas that Part of the faid recited Aft of the 51 G. 3. c.104. 4 Fifty firft of His prefent Majesty, which authorizes the Commif- § 7.

4 fioners of Chelfea Hofpital to iflue Precepts to Perfons who they

*	may have reafon to believe have received Army Prize Money, under

*	Powers of Attorney, requiring them to make Return thereof, and 4 to pay over fuch Money as may remain in their Hands to the Trea-

*	furer or Deputy Treafurer of the faid Hofpital, has been found in-4 fufficient for the Purpofes intended; and it is expedient therefore

*	that it (hould be repealed and certain other Provilions fubftituted in 4 lieu thereofBe it therefore enafted. That fo much of the faid recited Aft of the Fifty firft of His prefent Majesty as relates to Precepts to be iiFued by the Commiffioners of the faid Royal Hofpital at Chelfea to Army Agents, Regimental Pavmafters and others, for

the Purpofes aforefaid, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed, fave repealed, and except at to any Proceedings, which previous to the paffing of Except**.

3 B 4



thia

by Coogle

A.D. 18ii.

74<»

Piecepts iflued in manner herein mentioned t.» Perlons lupp< ftd to hive received Money pay ah . e to Troops under Powers of Attorney, &c.

Penalty*

D'i (obeying Precepts.

C. 132-	52*	GEO. III.

this Ad may have been inftituted under the Authority thereof, in refped to which the faid recited Ad is to remain in full force until* fuch Proceedings fhall have been brought to a Couclufion.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for the Commifiioners of the faid Royal Hofpital at Che!fea from time to time to iffue Pi ecepts under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Three or more of them, direded to fuch Perfons as they may have reafoa to believe have received Monies payable to fuch Officers, Soldiers and Troops as aforefaid, and to which Monies the Provifions of the faid recited Ads and of this Ad are applicable, under any Powers of Attorney or Power of Attorney, Order or Orders heretofore or hereafter to be executed, requiring them within Two Calendar Months next after the time at which fuch Precept (hall have been ferved, in cafe the Perfori or Perfons to whom it (hall be directed fhall rvfide within the United Kingdom, but if he or they fhall refide in any Part of His Majefly’s Dominions Abroad, then by the firft Ship which fhall fail from the Port or Place neareft to that at which fuch Perfou or Perfons fhall relide next after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from the time at which fuch Precept fhall have been (erred as aforefaid, to deliver or tranfmit upon Oath, (which Oath any Juflice of the 1 eace or Magiflratc, or the Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital at Chtlfca for the time being, is hereby authorized to adminifler) on account of all Monies which may have been received by fuch Perfon or Perfons under any fuch Powers or Orders, Power or Order as aforefaid ; and in cafe the fame or any Part thereof fhall have been paid over, then to whom the fame or any Part thereof has been fo paid over as aforefaid, and (ball at the fame time pay or remit to the Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer of Chelfem Hofpital, fuch Part of the faid Monies as fhall remain in his or their Hands unpaid, to the Parties beneficially entitled to it, to or their Ufe ; and in cafe fuch Monies fhall not be paid over or remitted to the faid Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer within the time limited by this Ad, the fame fhall be recoverable fpom the Perfon detaining the fame by Action for Money had and received* or other-wife in the Name of fuch Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital at Chelfeay and the fame when fo paid in or recovered, fhall be for the Ufe of the Parties beneficially entitled thereto, and be otherwife applied as forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize are by the faid recited Ads and this Ad direded to be applied; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons upon whom any. fuch Precept (hall be ferved as aforefaid, fhall negled or refufe to deliver, or tranfmit fuch Account within the time limited by this Ad, he or they (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay to the Ufe of the faid Royal Hof-pital at Cbelfea> the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Adion of Debt, to be brought in the Name of the Deputy Treafurer of tbe faid Royal Hofpital at Chelfca for the time being, in either of His Majelly’s Courts of Record at IVcjlminJlcr ; or in cafe the Offender or Offenders fhall refide Abroad, in any Court of Record of the Country of which he fhall be an Inhabitant at the time the Offence fhall be committed, unlcfs fufficieut Caufe fhall be fhewn to the Satis-fadion of the Commifiioners of the faid Royal Hofpital at Cbclfca> why fuch Precepts have not been complied with.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfoot upon whom any fuch Precept or Precepts as aforefaid fhall have been

16	ferved,



A.D.1812.

52* GEO. III.	C.132.	14%

lerved, (hall neglect or refufe to pay Obedience thereto, and (hall in confequence thereof pay the Penalty incurred by fuch Difobcdience, k (hall nevertheless be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of Cbelfra Hofpital and they are hereby empowered to repeat fuch Precept or Precepts until the Accounts thereby required (hall have been duly rendered and delivered, and fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be and is and are hereby declared to be liable to a Separate Penalty of Fifty Pounds Penalty, for every Precept to be Served upon him or them, to which due Obedience (hall not be paid, to be recovered in manner aforefaid

X.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for theTrea- Treafurer ta furer and Deputy Treafurer of the Said Royal Hofpital at Chelfea, havc Accel's to with refpeft to all Monies which (hall have been received by fuch Per-	*c*ot

fon or Perfons as la(t aforefaid, under any Power or Powers, Order or precepts Orders executed fubfequent to the palling of the faid recited Aft of the Fifty firif Year of His prefent Majesty, at ail feafonable times to have Accefs to the Books, Papers, Accounts and Vouchers of any Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Precepts (hall be direfted, relative to the Tranfaftions to which fuch Precepts (hall have reference ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons is and are hereby required to produce the fame to the faid Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer, whenever he or they (hail be required fo to do, in order that fuch Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer may perufe, examine and take Extracts or Copies of fo much thereof as he may think proper ; and in cafe any fuch Perfon or Perfons as lad aforefaid (hall refufe or negleft to produce fuch Books,

Papers, Accounts and Vouchers, or any or either of them, upon Ten Days Notice to be given to him or them for that Purpofe, he or they (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch Offence, to the Ufe of the faid Royal Hofpital at Chelfea, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered Penalty, by Aftion of Debt in the Name of the Deputy Treafurer of the faid Hofpital for the time being, in either of his Majeftv’s Courts of Record at Wcjlmtnjler, unlefs fufficient Caufe (hall be (newn to the Satis-faftion of the Commiffioners of the faid Royal Hofpital at Chelfea% why fuch Books, Papers, Accounts and Vouchers (halJ not have been produced as aforefaid.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That from and immediately after After Service the Service of any fuch Precept as aforefaid, all Monies received under of J>rcccPt» fuch Powers or Orders as aforefaid, which (hall at that time be in the BfawCe in Hands of the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Precept (hall be di- °ver ^p^rtbns refted, (hall be deemed and confidered to be the Property of the Com- towhom Precepts miffioners of the faid Royal Hofpital at Chelfea^ to be applied by directed, (hall them neverthelefs in the manner by this and the faid recited Afts di- become Property retted, and with refpeft to Monies which may have been received by chelfealwncI$ fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, under any Power or Order, Powers Hofpital. or Orders, which (hall have been made and executed fubfequent to the paffing of the faid recited Aft of the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majelty, in cafe the faid Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer (hall upon lnfpeftion of the Vouchers and other Documents relating to any Account which (hall be rendered and delivered in Obedience to any fuch Precept or Precepts as aforefaid, (which Vouchers and other Documents by this Aft they are authorized and empowered to call for and infpeft) be difTatisfied with fuch Account, and have reafon to believe that the Payments therein (fated to have been made, or any or either of them have not been really and truly made, or that fuch Account is an any other refpeft fraudulent or defeftive, it (hall be lawful for fuch

Treafurer 

A.D.i8n.



C.132.

5 20 GEO. m.

Prpvifions of A<5b applicable, ip .cafe of Death, to legal Repre-fentatives.

Oath of Verification annexed to Accounts.

Perjury*

4S G. 3 c. 49.

5 #>3*

Payments of Wid >wi Pen-fioni made in Office of Pav-SULter General.

Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer of Chelfea Hofpital, and tliey are hereby refpedively authorized and empowered to file a Bill in Equity againft fuch Perfon or Perfons in order to fuch Account being regularly taken and examined, and other Proceedings being bad relative thereto, according to the ufual Courfe of Courts of Equity, fuch BiHt to be filed in the Name of the Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpitalat Chelfea for the time being, and not to be coo-fidered defedive on account of the Perfons beneficially entitled to the Monies which (hall be the Subjed of tbem not being made Parties thereto.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the Provjfions of this and the faid recited Adis and every of them, with refped to Perfons who (hall have received Monies to which the faid Provifions are applicable by virtue of, any Power or Order, Powers or Order*, (hall, in cafe of the Death of fuch Perfons, be in every refped applicable to their legal perfonal Representatives.

XIII.	And be it further enaded. That the Oath or Affidavit by which the Accounts to be rendered in Obedience to fuch Precepts as aforefaid (hall be verified, (hall be annexed or fubioined to fuck Account, and (hall be in the Form or to the Effed in the Schedule to this Ad fet forth.

XIV.	And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall falfely make Oath to any of the Matters either by this or the faid recited Ads or either of them required to be verified on Oath, he or they (hall be deemed to have committed wilful and corrupt Perjury, and (hall be fubjed to the like Pains and Penalties as Perfons adjudged guilty of that Offence are fubjed and liable to.

4 XV. And whereas by an Ad paffed in the Forty eighth Year 4 of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for accelerating * the making vf>, Examination and Audit of tbe Accounts of the Pay* 4 majlcr General of His Majejly's Forceiy certain Rules arc preferibed 4 for annually making up as well the General Account of the faid 4 Paymafter General, as feparate Accounts. of Monies received and 4 paid on account of Half Pay of Chelfea Hofpital, and of Penfions 4 on the Compaflionate Lift: And whereas it is expedient that the 4 Payment of Penfions to the Widows of Officers of His Majcfty’s 4 Land Forces which hath heretofore been made by an Officer ap-4 pointed for that Purpofe, (hould henceforth be made in the Office 4 of the faid Paymafter GeneralBe it therefore enaded. That in the General Annual Account which (hall be made up by the faid Paymafter General under the Provifions of the faid recited Ad, in the Year ending On »the Twenty fourth Day of December next, he (hall charge hirafelf with the Balance which hath been or (hall be transferred to his Account from the laft Paymafter of fuch Penfions, and that in the fame Account, and in the General Annual Account which (hall be made up by him in all future Years, it (ball and may be lawful for the faid Paymafter General in Addition to the Items which by the faid recited Ad he is allowed to place on the Credit Side of fuch General Account, to place on the fame Side thereof all Sums within the Period of fuch Account by him ifTued to or transferred to the Account of any Perfon for the Payment of Penfions to the Widows of Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and alfo that at the time of making up fuch General Account from Year to Year he (hall, befides the feparate Account# diretied by the

(aid



Google

A.D. 1812.

52°GEO.IIL	C.	132.	74f	\

faid Aft, make up another feparate Account of Monies received and paid within the Period comprized in the faid General Account on account of the fame Penfions, in like manner in all refpefts as he is required by the faid recited Aft to make up the feparate Accounts therein fpecified, and that fuch feparate Account fhall be tranfmitted, examined and declared, and the faid Paymafler General (hall be dif-charged and acquitted thereon in the fame manner in all refpefts as is by the faid recited Aft provided with regard to the feparate Accounts thereby direfted to be made up.

‘ XVI. And whereas by reafon ot the Number of Letters and 4 Packets neceflarily fent from the Office of the faid Paymafter Gene-4 ral, it is expedient to permit fuch Letters and Packets to be feut * free from the Duty of Pottage in the manner hereafter mentioned ;*

Be it therefore enafted, That all Letters and Packets relative to the Letter*. kc. feat Duties of the faid Office which (hall be forwarded by the Account- Office of ant General of the Army Pay Office, or by the Caffiier for the Pay- Pa> malJer ment of Half Pay and Widows* Penfions refpeftively (hall be fent cuer rct* free from the faid Duty of Pottage, provided that the fame be under Covers with the Words “ Purfuant to A& of Parliament99 and

Army Pay Officeprinted upon the feme; and the faid Accountant or Cafhier refpeftively (whofc Names (hall for that Purpofe be tranfmitted to the Pott Office), do write his Name under the fame, and they are hereby ftriftly prohibited from incloiing or fending under any fuch Cover any Writing, Paper or Parcel whatfoever, excepting fuch as relate to the Duties of the faid Office.

XVII. And be it further enafted. That if fuch Accountant or Sending tinker Calhier refpeftively (hall prefume to fend or convey under any of the Cover anything Covers aforefdid, any Writing, Paper or Parcel, other than thofc relating to the Duties of the faid Office, he (hall, for every fuch	CC#

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Cofts of Suit, by any Perfon by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wefimxnfler, wherein no Effoign, Privilege, Proteftion, Wager fo Law, or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed; One Moiety of which Penalty (hall go to the Perfon who (hall fue for the famet and the other Moiety thereof to and for the Ufe of His Majesty.

SCHEDULE to which the Aft refers.

FORM of AFFIDAVIT to be made by Perfons who have beem authorized by Powers or Orders to receive Army Prize Money, &c.

7 A. 3. of	maketh Oath and faith. That

to wit. J the annexed (or before written) Account is a juft and true Account of all Monies received by him, or by any other Perfon1 or Perfons by his Order or Authority to his Knowledge or Belief, under or by virtue of any Powers of Attorney or Power of Attorney, Orders or Order, by which he, this Deponent, hath been authorized to receive any Prize Monies or other Monies payable to the Army, to which the feveral Afts of the 45th Geo. 3. 0.7a.— 49th Geo. 3. c. 123.—51ft Geo. 3. c. 104. and 52dGeo. 3. c. ✓ * are applicable ; and that the faid Account contains alfo a juft and true Statement of all Payments made by him or by his Order and Direction, out of fuch Monies to the Perfons entitled to receive the fame, and that the feveral Payments in the laid Account fet forth

were



Google

75°

A.D.1812.

C.132,133.	52°	GEO.	III.

were really and truly made to the fcveral Perfons in the {aid Account named as the Perfons to whom fuch Payments have been made.

FORM of AFFIDAVIT to be made by the Reprefentatwes of Perfons who have been authorized by Powers or Orders to rece’we Army Prize Money.

1/1. B. of	maketh	Oath	and	faith,	That

he is the a&ing Executor [or, Adminiilrator, as the cafe may be~\ of	late of	deceafed,	who

had in his Lifetime been authorized to receive certain Prize Monies and other Monies payable to the Army, to which the feveral Ads of the 45th Geo. 3. c. 72. — 49th Geo. 3. c. 123.—51 ft Geo. 3. c. 104. and the 52d Geo. 3. c. . are applicable, under certain Powers of Attorney or Power of Attorney, Orders or Order granted to him for that Purpofe, and who had received Monies by Authority thereof, and that the annexed (or before written) Account is a juft and true Account, as appears by the Books and Accounts of the faid	and	to	the beft of the Knowledge and Belief of this

Deponent, of all Monies received by the faid

as aforefaid, and that the faid Account contains alfo a juft and true Statement of all Payments made by the faid	in	his

Lifetime, or by his Order and Dire&ion, out of fuch Monies to the Perfons entitled to receive the fame, as appears alfo by the Books and Accounts of the faid	and	to	the	beft	of

the Knowledge and Belief of this Deponent: And this Deponent further faith, that fince the Deceafe of the faid he, this Deponent, hath made various Payments out of fuch Monies, of which Payments the faid Account hereunto annexed (or before written) contains alfo a juft and true Statement, and that fuch laft mentioned Payments have been really and truly made by this Deponent, or by fome Perfon or Perfons by his Authority and Dire&ion, to the feveral Perfons whofe Names are dated in the faid laft mentioned Account as the Perfons to whom fuch Payments have been made.

Account taken of Number of Perfons in Ireland.

CAP. CXXXIII.

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland^ and of the Increafe or Diminution thereof.

[18th July 1812.]

* TT THERE AS it is expedient to take an Account of the Total 4 VV Number of Perfons now within that Part of the United ' Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland z* May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afteinbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, fuch Perfons as (hall be for that Puiyofe appointed in the manner hereinafter mentioned to a& in and for every Barony and Half Barony in Counties, and every Parifh in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, (hall, at the time and in the manner hereinafter dire&ed, feverally take an Account of the Number of Perfons who (hall be actually found at the time of taking fuch Accounts

to

c^ooQle

A.D.i8i2.

520 GEO. III.	C.133.	751

to be within the Limits of fuch Baronies and Half Baronies in Counties, and Parifhes in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns re-fpe&ively, and (hall fet down the feveral Particulars refpe&ing the lame, according to the Form prefcribed in the Schedule annexed to this Ad.

II.	And, for the more fpeedy and effedual obtaining of fuch Pouted Copies Accounts, be it further enaded, That a fufficient Number of printed ® ^ tr*n1f". Copies of this Ad, and of the Schedule thereto annexed, fhall, Peace,au! within Thirty Days after the pafling of this Ad, be tranfmitted, by for Diftribution. His Majesty’s Printer in Ireland, to the Clerks of the Peace and

Town Clerks of the feveral and refpedive Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and that the faid feveral Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks (hall and they are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to caufe the faid Ad to be diftributed to the Secretaries of Grand Juries within their refpedive Limits.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral Grand Juries of Grand Juries t# the Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, *PPoint Pr°Pef are hereby empowered and required (in the County of Dublin and ^coimt*0 County of the City of Dublin, at the next prefenting Term, and in

the other Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, at their refpedive Spring Affizes which fhall be held next after the pafling of this Ad in each of the Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns) to appoint in and for each Parifh One fubftantial Houfeholder refiding therein, to take an Account within the faid Parifh of the feveral Matters required by this Ad, and in all other Counties in Ireland, to enjoin the High Conflable of each Barony and Half Barony to take an Account within the faid Baronies and Half Baronies refpedively, of the feveral Matters and Things required by this Ad; and that fuch Perfons fo appointed in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, taking to their Affiftance and Employ, if they fhall think fit, the Churchwardens, Conftables and other Peace Officers in each Parifh refpedively, and in the other Counties of Ireland9 taking to their Affiftance and employing, if they fhall think fit, the Sub Conftables and all Perfons employed in applotting and collcding the Grand Jury Afleflments (fuch feveral Perfons being hereby required to be aiding and affifting therein for that Purpofe) fhall proceed on the Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, to take Account of the Number of Perfons at that time within the Limits of their refpedive Baronies, Half Baronies or Parifhes, and inform themfelves of the feveral Particulars relating to all the Matters fpecified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, by proceeding from Houfe to Houfe on the before mentioned Day, and continuing fuch their Examination from Day to Day, without Interruption or negligent or wilful Delay, until the fame fhall be fully completed; and from fuch Information as aforefaid fhall prepare with all convenient Speed an Anfwer or Return to all the faid Queftions, according to the Form prefcribed in the faid Schedule, and the feveral Perfons fo authorized and appointed fhall thereafter fign the fame with their Names and ordinary Defignations, and atteft the Cor-rednefs thereof by fuch Signature before fome Juftice of the Peace of the County or City within which they refide 5 and, the better to enable them to make fuch Anfwers or Returns as aforefaid, they and their faid Affiftants and Perfons by them employed are hereby authorized



Google

7J2

A.D.iSu.

C. ^33.	52®GEO. HI.

rized and empowered to afk all fuch Queftions of the Perfons within their refpc&ive Parifhes, Baronies and Half Baronies, refpe&ing themfelves and the Number and Quality of the Perfons amflotuting their refpe&ive Families, as (hall be neceflary for dating the Particulars required to be dated concerning them in the laid Anfwm and Returns; and every fuch Perfon refuting to anfwer, or wilfully giving a falfe Anfwer to fuch Queftions, or any of them, (hall, for every fuch Refutid or falfe Anfwer, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Penalty.	Five Pounds, nor lefs than Forty Shillings, at the Difcretion of any

Jutiice of the Peace before whom the Complaint thereof (hall be made.

Perfon* taking IV. And be it further enaded, That the feveral Accounts fo taken Accounts to in Writing by the Perfons fo appointed as aforefaid, for the Purpofe Swbof the t0	PreParlng the aforefaid Anlwers and Returns, and alfo the (aid

Peace, kc. who Anfwers and Returns prepared thereupon, (hall be fafely delivered or are to tranfmit tranfmitted by them to the feveral Clerks of the Peace and Town lame to Office Clerks of the Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, **	wherein	thev	were	refpe&ively	appointed	;	which	(aid	Clerks	of	the

More°P«iiia- Peace and Town Clerts are hereby authorized and required fafely to went.	keep	and	preferve the (aid Accounts in their refpedive Offices, and

to deliver them over to their Succedors in Office refpediveiy; and that the faid Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks (hall, on or before the Twentieth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, tranfmit with all convenient Speed fuch Anfwers and Returns as they (hall have received in manner aforefaid (together with a Lift of the Parifhes within the Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, and of the Baronies and Half Baronies within the other Counties refpec* tively, from whence no Returns have been made to them) to the Office of His Majefly’s Chief Secretary for Ireland; and the fame (hall be digefted and reduced into Order by fuch Officer as fuch Secretary (hall appoint for the Purpofe, and that an Abflrad thereof (liall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament within the tirft Forty Days of the Seffion then next enfuing.

Returns defec- V. And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes where no Relive,time tranf. turn have made, or where there (hall appear, on Examin* Jurles, to he™ at*on at Chief Secretary’s Office, good Reafon to believe that aude perfect. the Returns made have been defective or inaccurate, the (aid Chief Secretary is hereby empowered and dire&ed to caufe a Lift of fuch Parifhes, Baronies and Half Baronies, from which no Returns or defective or inaccurate Returns have been received, to be tranfinitted to the Grand Jury of fuch County wherein the faid Parifhes, Baronies or Half Baronies arc refpedively fituated, with Directions that they (hall forthwith proceed to caufe due Returns to be made therein, under fuch Provifions and with like Powers as have been given to the Grand Juries by the aforefaid Euadmeats.

Allowances to VI. And be it further enaded, That there (hall be paid and al« Perfons employ- lowed for the Trouble and Expence of the feveral Perfoos employed «/A^XeCUti0U *n t^e Tranfa&ions aforefaid, for every Return which (hall be fo made and tranfmitted to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks refpe&ively, purfuant to the Directions aforefaid, the Sums following ; videlicet) To the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, for every Return which (hall be made from every fuch Parifb, Barony or Half Barony* the Sum of One Shilling} and to the feveral Houfebolders

and



A.D.i8i2.	520	GEO.	III.	C.133.

and Con (tables fo appointed a reafonable Compenfation for the Trouble by them neceflarily taken, and alfo for the Expences (if any) by them neceflarily incurred in the Execution of this Ad.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Grand Juries of the feveral Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, to prefent fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they may deem reafonable Payment purfuant to the Provifions of this Ad, for the Services hereinbefore recited, to be railed and levied together and in like maimer with the other County Charges, and paid over to the Perfons thereunto entitled, upon Proof made to the Satisfaction of fuch Grand Jury, by the Oaths of the Perfons refpec-tively employed, that they have faithfully performed the Duties enjoined them by this Ad ; fuch Presentment being always fubmitted to the Infpedion and Fiat of the Judge of Aflize, in like manner with other Preferments.

VIII.	And he it further enaded, That every fuch Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, High Conftable or other fuch Officer as afore-faid, and alfo every fuch Houfeholder or other Perfon fo appointed as aforefaid, making wilful Default in any of the Matters required of them refpedively by this Ad, (hall, for every fuch wilful Default, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lefs than Forty Shillings, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juftices before whom Complaint thereof (hall be made; and in cafe of any of the Householders or Perfons appointed to make fuch Returns (hall by his Signature atteft any Return as aforefaid, knowing the fame to be falfe, fuch Perfon fo attefting the fame, and being convided thereof, (hall incur and be fubjed to like Penalties as if he had been guilty of Perjury, by attefting fuch falfe Return on Oath before a Magiftrate.

IX.	And beit further enaded. That the Court of King’s Bench, and all and every Judge and Judges of Aflize and General Gaol Delivery in Ireland refpedively, are hereby direded and required, from time to time, as Cccafion (hall require, to give this Ad in Charge to the Grand Juries of the feveral Counties and Cities in Ireland, and to require them to comply therewith as the Law direds; and for that Purpofe to defire the faid Grand Juries to feled and appoint on the Firft Day of the Aflizes, immediately after they (hall have been fworn, a Committee of their Body, confiding of not more than Five, nor lefs than Three, to carry the Provifions of this Ad into Effed.

X.	And be it further enaded. That each and every of the faid Grand Juries within Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns (hall prefent the Lift of Houfeholders fo feleded by them as herein required, to the Judge of Affize, together with their other Preferments, for his Fiat of Approbation ; which Lift, fo approved, (hall be deemed thenceforth competent to the Purpofes of this Ad.

SCHEDULE.

QUESTIONS to which, by Diredions of an Ad pafled in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled * An Ad for taking an Account of tne Population of * Ireland,’ written An fwers are to be returned by the Houfeholders and High Conftables appointed in and for the feveral Pari(hes, Baronies and Half Baronies therein mentioned, figned by them refpedively, and attefted as aforefaid :

5	Wh«

753

Grand Juries empowered to prefent fuch Sums, raifed as other County Charges.

Making falfe Return*

Penalty. Signing, &c#

Peijury.

Judges to give Ad in Charge to Grand Juries.

Grand Juries ft prefent Lifts of Houfeholders to Judge of Aflixe.

Digitized Google

754

AJD.i&ii.

C.I33-	S2° GEO. III.

Who arc refpe&ively required to take an Account of the Resident Population, by proceeding from Houfe to Houfe on the Firft Day of September, and on the Days immediately fubfequent thereto, if one Day fhall not be fufficient ; and they are alfo required to (pecify in Writing the Name of the Parifh, Barony or Hal? Barony relpec-tively.

I ft. How many Inhabited Houles are there in your Parifh, Barony or Half Barony, and by how many Farailiet arc they occupied ?

2d. How many Houfes are now building, and therefore not yet inhabited ?

3d. How many other Houfes are uninhabited ?

4th. What Number of Families in your Parifh, Barony or Half Barony, are chiefly employed in and maintained by Agriculture 5 how many Families are chiefly employed in and maintained by Trade, Manufa&ureB or Handicraft; and how many Families are not com-prized in either of the Two preceding ClafTes.

[N. B. The Total Number of Families in Anfwer to this Qoeftkm, mud corrcfpond with the Number of Families in Anfwer to the 1 ft Queftion.]

5th. How many Perfons (including Children of whatever Age) are there a&ually found within the Limits of your Parifh, Barony or Half Barony, at the time of taking this Account; diftinguifhing Males and Females, and exclufive of Men a&ually ferring in His Majesty’a Regular Forces or in the Militia, and exclufive of Seamen either in His Majesty’s Service, or belonging to Regiflered Veffels ?

6th. How many of the whole Number of Perfons mentioned by you in Anfwer to the 5th Queftion, are Inhabitants of any City, Town or Village ; diftinguifhing the Number which are found in each City, Town or Village refpe&ively ?

7th. Are there any other Matters which you may think it neceffary to remark, in Explanation of your Anfwen to any of the preceding Queftions ?

FORM

v^ooQle

52 Geo. III.	3	C	Digitized	by

FORM of ANSWERS to the Queftions contained in the Schedule to an Aft, 52 Geo. 3. intituled, ‘ An Aft for taking

an Account of the Population of Ireland.’

§  :i-w-  2 * 4> »  n <£	Queftion ift.		Queftion	Queftion  3d-	Queftion 4th.			Queftion 5th.  Perfons, including Children of whatever Age.			Queftion 6lh.	
						Families chiefly 1	All other Families					
	Inhabited	By how many	Houfes	Other	Families chiefly	employed in Trade,	not comprised in	j.	a  QJ .	Tqtal	Names of	Total
P	Houfes.	Families	now	Houfes	employed in	Manufactures and	the two preceding	jj	. "S E	of	Towns, Cities	Inhabitants
z		occupied.	building.	uninhabited.	Agriculture.	Handicraft.	Clafles.	1	<u  U*	Perfons.	and Villages.	in each.
		-										

[Af. B.—If any Family occupies Two or more Houfes in different Parijhesy Baronies or Hait Baronies y the Individuals belonging to fuch Family are to be numbered only in thofe Pari/hes, Baronies or Half Baronies, where they fever ally happen to be at the time of taking the Account.]

7th Queftion* ARE there any other Matters which you may think it neceflary to remark, in Explanation of your Anfwers to any of the preceding Qutftions?

FORM of ATTESTATION of the Truth of Returns.

I A. B. having been appointed by the Grand Jury of the County of	to take an Account of the Population in the

QTanfh, Barony or Half Barony of [as the cafe may be] purfuant to an A6t of Parliament pafled in the Fifty fecond Year of George the O ^^ird, and intituled, * An A6t for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland,’ do atteft, That the above Returns contain, to the • ; beft of my Knowledge]and Belief, a full and true Anfwer to the Queftions contained in the Schedule to this Ad.

The above mentioned A. B, attefted the above Return before us, the Juftices of the 7 n n	_ -

Peace in and for the	this	Day of	j C. //•	and A. r.

•££ I Cf	*IH	Oao	erf	CTV

C.i3*

StfGEO.m.



7S*

IrHh Ads. io W.3.c.a*

6 Agi c. f J.

t G.«. c.f£

4G.

KO Q. |. c. J.

ift G. f c.y. 13 C. 4. c. xa.

lx G. 4. c. f.

5 G 3. c. 15.

19 & 20 G* 3. c. 36.

31 ^.3. c.44-

e a p. cxxxiv.

An A& for the letter Regulation of (he Btxttet Trtk in lrt+ land.	[18th	Jij/j	1812.}

c TT J ^lEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Pprfiap&ent of Ireland

*	VV in the Teqtb Ye^r of the Reign of His lat* Majesty Kiig

*	IViIlia m the Third, iptyttjled An AS for reforming jfbufa in a

4 Butter Cajhty and preventing offalfe packing of Butter.: And whems 4 one otb?r Aft was pafled ia the Parliament of Ireland in the Sixth

*	Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, iathnkd M 4 AS for the continuing and perpetuating of divers Latvt and Statwif1 9 theretofore temporary and for amending of the Law in relation Jr 4 Butter Ca/ks : Ana whereas one other A& was paled ip the Pm 9 liamentof Ireland ip thf Second Year pf the Reign of His hie

*	Majefty Kmg Georgr the Firft, among other things, for the mo* 9 pffeftup! Amendment of the Law in rela(iqp to Butter and Talk* 4 Calks: And whereas one other Aft was pafled in the rarhamept 4 of Ireland in the Fourth Year of the Rpifen of His faid

4 Kit^g George the Firft, for repealing Part of a Clanfe in the faidlaft 4 recited Aft made in the Second Year of His Majesty’s Reig^ by 4 which (he Dimen£q»s of Butter Calks axe afcertainfd, and tor ex-4 plaining and further amending the Law in relation to Butter Cxit: 4 And whereas an Aft was pafled in the Parliament of Ireland k 4 the Tepth Year of His late Majesty King George the Firft, fmong 4 otlwr things, for continuing and amending of the Taws in rrlsuoo 4 to Butter and Taflow, and the Calks in which fuch poods are to k 4 made up ; which faid Aft was explained and amended by another 4 Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twelfth Year of tk 4 faid late Kmg George the Firft, and alfq by another Aft road? is 4 the Padiament of Ireland in the Thirteenth Year of His hie 4 Majesty King George the Second, and which faid Afts were 4 amended and further continued by feveral Afts to the End of tk 4 Seflkm of Parliament ia the Twenty firft Year of His (aid Ute 9 Majesty King George the Second ; ana by an Aft made in the Par-

*	liament of Ireland in the faid Twenty firft Year of His faid kr 9 Majesty Kiug George the Second, the faid Afts were amended, and

*	were fuither continued to the Twenty ninth Day of September is

*	the Year One thoufsnd feven hundred and fixty pine, sad from 9 thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament 5 and by

*	another Aft pafled in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year 9 of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, among other things, for 4 continuing, reviving and amending feveral temporary Statutes tk 4 faid recited Afts or fome or one ot them were further continued, fo 9 far as related to Butter and Tallow, and the Calks in which fuch 4 Goods are to be made up, with feveral Alterations and Amend-4 ments: And whereas one other Aft was paftod in the Parliament qS 4 Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of Hift 4 prefent Majesty King George the Third^ among other things for

*	regulating the curing and preparing Provjflons, and for preventing 4 Combinations among the (everal Tradefmen and other Perfoas em-4 ployed hi malting up fuchProvifions, and for regulating the Butter 4 Trade ip the City of Dublin ; And whereas by an Aft pafled in the 4 Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty firft, Year of the Reign of His

* laid

v^ooQle



5? GEO. in.

c.134.

757

‘ fsid prefeot Majesty, the faid recked Aft of the Tenth Year of

*	King Qeyge foe Firit, for continuing and amending of the Law*

‘ in relation to Sutter and Tallow, and the Calks in which fuch

*	(foods are to he made up, fo far as it relates to the continuing and

<	amending the laid Laws in relation to Butter and the Calks in « which the fame is to be made up, with feveral Alterations and « Amendments, was further continued to the Twenty ninth Day € of September in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve,

*	and from thence Co the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament s

*	And whereas one other Aft was made in the Parliament of the

*	United Kingdom in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His pre?

<	lent Majesty, intituled /In jfcj to regulate the Packing of Butter io 46 0.3. c.59.

*	Ireland for Sale or Exportation : And whereas from the great In?

*	cnpafe of the Butter Trade in Ireland and the faid Laws relating « thereto being fo near expiring, it is become necefiary and expe-4 dient to male feveral new Provisoes and Regulations as to the

*	(aid Sutter Trade in Ireland J* Be it therefore pnafted by foe After Com. Rug's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con- mcncemeiu of fenjt of the Lmda Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ia this A*b«cit#<IA&« prefept Parliament affemhled, aqd by the Authority qf the fame, Jal1 ceafe»as l# That, from and immediately after the Commencement of this Aft,

all *ed every the Provfoou$, Regulations apd Claufes contained in the feveral Ads of Parliament hereinbefore recited, and every of them, which in any way concur? or relate to Butter, or to the Calks in which Butter is to be packed apd made up, hull ceafe and determine.

II. And be it further enafted. That at fome time on or before the Weighmafter*, Firft Day March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, in &c appointed 'rathe City of Dublin, and in every City and Town Corporate in Irer (**<*# load, (except the City of Cork) the Chief Magiftrate and Alder-	jSST

men, or Chief jMagifhate and Surged where there are no Aldermea, ^fewhefeby1 under the Seals of their refpeftive Corporations, and ia every Sear Quarter Scfficn*. port pr Place pf Export from whence Sutter fe commonly (hipped for Exportation from Inland, fuch Place being no City or Town Corporate, and ip every Market Town wherein Sutter is bough* or fold or pypofed to Safe for the Purppfe of Trade, the Juftices of the Peace for foe County pr Counties in which fuel) Seaport or Pfece -of Export and Market Town refpeftiyely lie, at fqme General Quarter Senions of the Pegcp for fvjch County or Counties refpecr triply, or forge Adjournment thereof, before the faid Fir (I Day of Mfreh Qne foot^aud eight hundred and thirteeu, under th^jr Hand# fud Reals, where tlpjre mall not be a public Weigh trader or joioj public Weighmaftei^ appointed under any former A& or py where any Vacancy (bail happen before foe (aid pirfe Qay pf Merit Qqe fooufeod eight hundred and thirteen, (hall nominate aqd apr point -fome one or ropre dtfereet and Ikilful Perfon or Pprfpns to fo* • publfe Wekjhmafter, or joint pubfip Weighmafeer^, and Toiler Of tatters of Butter, ia and for fuch refpeftive City, T?wh Corporate,

Tlacp pf Export or M#rja*t Towp; and in cpfe fych $onifopfo>n °r Neate£Ung to

Appointmept as herein direfted (hall fail to be made fo any foch Cjty, ippoint Lorfl .

Tpwn Corporate, Seaport or Place of Export fo Ireland, before foe

faid pirft £>ay of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, *

then herein diceffed, fuch Nomination and Appointment (hall by

yefted fo for Lord Lfoutenant or other Chief Governor pr Qpvproorf

•f for P&y Couugil of Jrelwl fc1* the 5^ h«fog«

3 C 2	III. And

Google

A.D.itfii,

7I»

C.134;

52® dto. nr.

Weighmafter to provide Weigh-houfes, Sec.

Hours of Attendance.

Weighmafters, fcc. removable fbrMilbehaviour.

Aft*

III.	And be it further ena£ted, That all and every public Weigb-mafter or joint public Weighmafters, his and their Sucedforor Suc-ceffors in fuch Office, heretofore nominated and appointed, or hereafter to be nominated and appointed purfuant to this Aft, (hall provide or caufe to be provided a fufficient and convenient Weigh Houfe or Weigh Houfcs in each City or the Suburbs thereof,Town Corporate, Seaport or Place of Export, and Market Town, where no luch Weigh Houfe or Weigh Houfes have been heretofore provided, together with Weights, Beams, Scales, Branding Irons and other Neceflaries, at his and their own proper Cofts and Charges, asd fhall attend at his and their refpefctive Weigh Houfe or Weigh Houfe! by himfclf, themfelves, or by a fufficieut Deputy or Deputies ap-pointed or to be appointed under the Hand and Seal of fuch public Weighmafter or joint public Weighmafters and Tafters (fuch Deputy or Deputies to be removable at Pleafure of the Perfon or Perfons fo appointing fuch Deputy or Deputies, or in manner hereafter mec. tioned) every Day in the Week [Sundays, ChriRmas Day, Ssk Stephen9s Day and New Tear9s Day excepted), from Eight of the Clock in the Morning until One, and from Two in the Afteniooa until Fottr, from the Twenty ninth Day of September until the Twenty fifth Day of March, and from thence until the Twenty ninth Day of September, irom Six of the Clock in the Morning until One, and from Two in the Afternoon until Seven, and then and there weigh, brand and mark all fuch Butter and Cafks as by this A& they are required, fuch Butter being firft tafted and approved of by fuch Tafter or lifters, which they are hereby required to do.

IV.	And be it further enatied, That the Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council of each City, Chief Mrgiftrate and Burgeflls of each Town Corporate, Juftices of the Peace of each County in which each Seaport or Place of Export and each Market Town refpe&hely lie, at their General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be held for fuch County, together with the acting Afiiftant Barrifter of fuch County, fhall and may from time to time, upon Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or WitnefTes, or upon the Affirmation or Affirmation!, if fuch Witnefs or WitnefTes be of the Profeffion of a Quaker (and which Oath or Affirmation the Perfons aforefaid before whom any Complaint fhall be fo made is hereby empowered to adminifter) ini upon full Proof of the Mifbehaviour of fuch public Weighmafter or joint public Weighmafters, his or their SuccefTor or Succtflors, De-

Eor4Deputies, or any of them, in his or their Office, upon full ng of him or them, or upon his or their beinjj duly fnmmoBed &rtd negle&ing -to appear, (fuch Summons being m Writing, and under the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate, or Two or more Juftices of the Peace, and ferved upon the Party complained agaiuft, Forty eight Hours at theleaft previous to the Dayton which fuch Party is required to appear,) remove fuch public Weighmafter or Weighmafters, his or their SuccefTor or Succeffors, Deputy or Deputies, Tafter or Tafters, or any of them,*s the cafe may he.

V. And be it further ena&ed, That if fuch public Weighmafter or Weighmafters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, SuccefTor or Suc-ceffors, Tafter or Tafters, or any of them who fhall be To removed, or if the Perfon or Perfons complaining of him or them, (hall think himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by the Determination of the Ctid ^fayor, Aldermen nnd Common Council Chief^fagiftme^acd ■	.	*	-	gtffei,



Google

A;D;t8'i2.'.

7fr

5^GE0.m;	C:

gefles, or Juftfceis of the Peace and*a&iug Affiftant B’arrifter, or arty of them, it fhall be lawful for the Party or Parties who (hall think’ himfelf or thenfelves fo aggrieved, to apply by Petition to the next* going Juftice or Juftices of Affixes for the County of the* City,' \

County of fuch Town Corporate, or County at large, in which the Place for which fuch public Weighmafter or Weigh mailers, his or their SuccefTor or Succeffora, Deputy or Deputies,Taller or Tailers fo' nominated and appointed and fo complained of, lies; which Juftice or Juftices of Ailize is and are hereby empowered to hear and finally to determine the Matter of fuch Petition, and to reftore faid public Weighmafter or Weighmafters, his or their SuccefTor or Succeffora,

Deputy or Deputies, Taller or Tafters, or any of them, if the Complaint be thought juft, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, and at his or their Difcretion to award.reaTollable Coils to the Party, who, upon hearing fuch Petition, fhall appear Cofts.	-•*

to be aggrieved; which Cofts fhall be paid by the Party againft whom the fame fhall be awarded, within a time to be appointed by (nch Juftice or Juftices of Affize ; fuch Cofts, if any fhall be awarded, together with the time limited for the Payment thereof, to be mentioned and afeertained in the Body of fuch Warrant ; and in Default jn Default of of Payment of the Party againft whom fuch Coils are awarded, (hall Payment, combe committed under faid Warrant to the Gtol or Marfhalfea of the mittea to Prifon,. County of the City, Town Corporate or County at large from which	,

fuch Warrant of fuch Juftice or Juftices of Ailize iffued, until the fame are paid ; fuch Warrant to be lodged with the Keeper of fuch Prifon or Marfhalfea, at the time of the Committal of faid Party to fuch Prifon or Marfhalfea.

, VI. And be it further enadled. That each and every public Weigh-' Weishmaflers to mailer or Weighmafters, his or their SuccefTor or SuccefTors, Taller ^ive Security ; or Tafters, fo to be nominated and appointed by virtue of and in pur-.	)

fuance of this Ait, before he or they or any of them fhall enter on the Execution of faid Office, fhall pcrfeil a Bond with fufficient Security to the Mayor of each City, Chief Magiltrate of each Town Corporate, and Juftices of the Peace of each County at their County Seffions, wbefein fuch public Weighmafter or public Weighmafters,

Tafter or Tafters (hall be fo appointed and nominated, in fuch Penalty

as faid Mayor, Chief Magiftrate, or Juftice, as the cafe may be, fhall

think reafonable, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds Sterling, or

lefsthan Fifty Pounds Sterling, for his or their true and faithful Per-*

fonmance and Execution of his or their Office ; and that tho faid

Weighmafter or Weighmafters, and their Deputy or Deputies to be

by them employed, together .with th,e Tafter or Tafters, fhall take	r

and fubferibe before the faid Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftices of and to take Oath*

the Peace, as the cafe may be, the Oath (or, if a Quaker, theAf-.	'

formation) following :

* J A, B. do fwear, [or, affirm] That I will diligently and faithfully 4 execute the Office of public Weighmafter [or, Tafter of Butter,

4 as the cafe may be~] of the City of	*	[or, of the Towri

4 Corporate of	or,	of	in the

4 County of	being	a	Place	of	Export; of, Mar-

4 ket Town of	in	the	County	of

4 as the cafe may during the time I fhall continue in faid Office :

4 I will take Care truly, without Fraud or Delay, to weigh or caufe

3*C 3	’	•	*■*	*	-• to’



Google

j6o

Bondi and Affidavits of Weigh-maftcrs, Icc.

rfe«*ofr!ttance «nd Oath filed with Clerk of Peace.

Certificate.

If Surety die* Sec. frefh Sects • a»ty given.

We’jthmafter, St(. to froduce Certificate.

If Weijhmafter fell, his Otiice void.

Weighmafter, Sec. negledting, See. to attend.

C.1J4.	5V 010. nr. A.D.iin.

1 to be weighed fill Buffer, and to weigh *fid htimd* iff G*dt to N ‘ .weighed and branded, all Oafks, id fuch Order as the kid Goods 4 fhall be brought to me to he weighed and branded > and taftt « and truly try all Butter required 16 be tailed ift pifrfaiaee of tty * Office at Tafter of Butter, and in all other fefpeAs, to thetefttf « my Skill and Judgment, I will truly execute iAy fa id Charge/ Which Oath or Affirmation the faid Mayof, Chief MagHNfe Jtiftices, at the cafe may be, are hereby empowered and required to adminifter; and Which Ofith or Affirmation all and every former Weigh mailer and Weighmafters, his or theif Deputy of Deputies, who fhall be in Office at the Commencement of this Ad, ate hereby required to take and fubferihe.

VII.	And be it further enaAed, That all Bonds heretofore ett-cuted Or hereafter to be executed by any public Weighmafter dr public Weighmafters, for the due Execution of his or their refpeAtW Office or Offices, and the Oath or Affirmation which he or they or his or their Deputy or Deputies have already taken or (ball take 00 entering On the Office of public Weighmafter or joint public Webb-maflers, Deputy or Deputies, purfuant to any former A At before recited, fhau be deemed and are hereby declared to be fuffideat to oblige them to obferve all the Provifions of the prefent AA.

VIII.	And be it further enaAed, That every fuch Weighmafter, Deputy Weighmafler and Tafler, before be take upon htmfelf to aft in tne Duties of his Office, fhall file or lodge or caufe to be filed or lodged fuch Bond and Oath or Affirmation fo entered into, ind made and fubferibed as aforefaid refpeAively in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, County of a City or Comity of • Town, iti which fuch Weighmafter, Deputy and Tafter fhall aA u fuch ; and the feud Clerk of the Peace fhall give to the Party <0 lodging fuch Bond and Oath or Affirmation, a Certificate thereof, ik which (hall be fet forth the Names and Additions of the Sureties is ftich Bond ; and Oath or Affirmation, fo fubferibed as aforefeld, (haft by fuch Clerk of the Peace be kept and preferred among ft the poWk Records of his Office.

IX.	And be it further enaAed, That if any Perfon fo becoming a Surety fhall die or become Bankrupt or an lftfolvent, the Ptrfoa hr Whom fuch Perfon became Surety fhall, within One Calendar Meath after the Death, Bankruptcy or Insolvency of fuch bis Surety, give frefh or new Security, to be approved of ift like maimer is here* before mentioned, and m like manner lodge or caufe the fame to he lodged with the Clerk of the Peace.

X.	And be it farther enaAed, That every Perfoft who Avail a&as Weighmafter, Deputy Weighmafter or Tafter, fhall, upon the Re-queft or Demand of any Magifirate Or Merchant, or Bayer of Better, produce and (hew the Certificate of his having taken fuch Oath aid given fuch Security refpeAively as hereinbefore dire&ed*

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That ifanv Perfon who hathfieto or /hall be appointed a Weighmafter, fhall alien, fell or leak his 0ffice of Weighmafter, that then and in every fuch cafe his kid Office fhall ceafe and determine.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That if any public Weighmafter or Joint public Weighmafter®, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, Tafter or Taftcrs, fhall negleA or refufe to attend on the Days and during the lefpe&ivtf times hereby appointed, f&M public Weighmafter

or



A.D.i8n.

5^010. HI,

0.134,	j6t

of joint ptfblfe Weigbfriafeers# bkdr tUrfr IWp«ly er Deputies# Taffef Or Taftert, (hall fdr each Offence of hhftferlf ch themfelves forfeit the Suit of Five Poutids Sterling; to be recovered by foeh Perfon or Per- Penalty, font who_fhall £rft fue for the feme by Civil BiU in the County of the City or County at targe where fucb Offence (haH be ootooirkted 3nd where Civil Bills are ufualjty tried# with Kfce remedy of Appeal for Appeal, either Party as in cafes of Civil Bflta# or in a fonnrii f wky before Two Juffices of the Peace where fucb Offence fhadl be eomnffKtd.

, XIII. And be it further erra&ed* That the Mayor of each City# Jn ©f AS. Chief Magiffrate of each Town Corporate, or a Jurftioe of flie Peace fenre of We«k-of the County at large in which there is * Place of Export or Mariet mailer Depot? Town, where a public Weigbmafter or joint public Weighitpifters is* remoreable for are or fhaH be nominated and appointed as afomaid, in (he Abfence of fetch public Weighmafter or joint public Weigh makers of fucb City*

Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, an the Cafe (hall happen to be, (hall and ifofy, upon Complaint m Writing* and upon full Proof upon Oath or Affirmation 3* aforefeid of One or mor? credible Witnefs or Witneffes, (which Oath or Affirmatfoa fochf Mayor, Chief Magiftrate of Juft ices afovefati, as the cafe may be, in hereby empowered and required to adteiaifter) of the Misbehaviour of the Deputy or Deputies of fuch public Wefehmafler or joint pub* lie Weighraafters, or any of them, and upon foil hearing of him or them, or being duly fumtaoned to appear before foeh Mayer, Chief Mag iff rate of Juiticd of the Peace# an the «rfe (hall happen'to be# having Forty eight Hours Notice as aforefekl, and iwgtediag to appear, have Power from time to time to remove fuch D or De-

puties from his or their Office or Offices# aad to nominal appoint another or others to aft in his or their Place or Stead dicing the Ab-fence of fuch public Weighraafter or joint public Weighmafters from time tQ time as aforefaid.

XIV. And be it further enaded. That no Perfon (hall fell or el- Ca(ks of fesfon-pofe to Sale any Cafe or Calks within $rrf Cky or Liberties thereof# Oak or Afl», Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town# for packing 01 &c* M dcfcnbid* Butter for Sale or Export# or (hall make up'Or pfagk aoy Butter in any Calk or Calks to be expofed to Sale or for Export hi fucb City#

Town Corporate or Market Town or Ptace of Export, unlefa foefar

(talk or Calks be made of good feafonfd white Oak* or Alb, Sycsu

snore# or Beeft), (whereof no Pqrt to be of Bog Timber) and; Audi

be fuB bound and made tight, fo that each Caw fliallr hold Fickle*

with Head apd Bottom' e<piaUy doofed atad fet to the Cfofs, with

jgood and fafffcient Hoops on each Cafe $ and that every Perfon fo Expofmg to Sale

telling or expofing to dale any Cafe of Cafes for packing Butter Cafts not nude

within aqy fucb City and Liberties, Town Corporate# Place of Ex- m directed,

port or Market Town# spade otbetwife than as herein dire died, or

not being of the Weight hereinafter required, being thereof convic*

ted before the Mayor of fuoh City, Chief Magiftrate of fuch Towo

Corporate* or a Juftlce of the Peace for the County in which foeh

Place of Export or Market Town (hall lie, qtv fummary Hearing

by the Oath or Affirmation, as the cafe may be* of One or more ere-,

dible Witnefs or Witneffes, (which Oath or Affirmation the (aid

Mayor, Chief Magistrate and Juftice, as the ©afe may be, is and.are

hereby empowered and required to adravoider) Or upon the Confdfioa

ot fuch Offender, before foeh Mayor, Chief Magifltfate or Juftices

ft* the Cafe xpay be, (hall for every fuoh Cafe forfeit the S\im of Tea Penalty.

3C +

Shillings



Google

Diftrefi.

>

Imprifonment.

Perfon* packing up Butter in Cailu m de other wife than directed.

Penalty.

XJLWf.-

Imprifonmentt

Empty Caflci weighed abd

Shil ings Sterling, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice, as the cafe may be, which Warrant he or they, as • the cafe may be, are hereby empowered and required immediately to iffue, in cafe of Non Payment upon fuch Conviction or Confeffion as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch Offender (hall not have fufficieut Goods and Chattels to fatisfy fuch Penalty, then fuch Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftices, as the cafe maybe, (which Warrant he and they are hereby empowered and required to iffue) fhall be committed to the Gaol of fuch City, Town Corporate or County at large, as the cafe may be, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Space of time not exceeding One Month, nor lefs than One Week at the Difcretion of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftices, as the cafe may be; and every Perfon making up or packing any Butter to be expofed to Sale, or for Export within any City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, in any Cafk or Calks made otherwife than as herein directed, or not being of the Weight as hereinafter required, or not having the Stave's, Head and Bottom thereof of the Thicknefs hereinafter required, being thereof convided on a fummary Hearing, by the Oath or Affirmation, as the cafe may be, of One or more credible VVitnef8 or Witncfles, before the Mayor of fuch City, Chief Magiftrate of fuch Town Corporate, or a Juftice of the Peace of the County in which fuch Place of Export or Market Town fhall lie, where fuch Offence fhall be committed, a9 the cafe may be, and which Oath or Affirmation fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace, is hereby required and empowered to adminifter, or upon Confeffion of fuch Offender before luch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftices of the P* ace, as the cafe may be, fhall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Fifty fix Pounds Weight of Butter, and fo in Proportion for every lefs Quantity which fhall be in fuch Cafk or Cafks, to be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offendcr’i Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftices, as the cafe may be; which Warrant the faid Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice, as the cafe may be, is* hereby empowered and required immediately to iffue, in cafeof Non Payment upon fuch Convidion or Confeffion as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch Offender (hall not have fufficieut Goods and Chattels to fetisfy fuch Penalty, then fuch Offender (hall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate Or Juftice, as the cafe maybe, (which Warrant faid Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice or Juftices aforefaid, as the cafe maybe, is and are hereby empowered and required to iffue) be committed to the Gaol of fuch City, Town Corporate or County at large, as the cafe may be, there to'remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space of time not exceeding One Month nor le(s than One Week, at the Difcretion of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice* as the cafe maybe; and that the public Weighmafter or joint public Weighmafters of each City, Town Corporate, Plate of Export or Market Town, for the time being, hie or their Deputy or Deputies, fhall‘not weigh or brand any Butter until the fame (hall be made up in Cafks made according to the Diredions of this Ad ; and no-Perfon (hall buy, fell or expofe for "Sale, any empty Calk or Cafks for packing <3f Butter,

• %: .... -* n %	within

AD.I&2.

52° GEO. III.	C.	*34*	7^3

within any City or Liberties thereof,. Town Corporate, Place of Ex- branded hefore port or Market Town, before fuch Calk or Cades (hall be weighed expoied for Sale, and branded by the faid public Weigh matter or joint public Weigh-mafters, his or their Deputy or Deputies ; which faid Weighmafter or Weighmafters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, (hall be and is and are hereby empowered and required to weigh all fuch empty Calks, and to allow on account of Soakage, Two Pounds more on each Allowance for Calk which (hall contain Fifty fix Pounds Weight of neat Butter, and Soak*!** * Three Pounds for every Calk which (hall contain Seventy Pounds	’•

Weight of neat Butter, or Three Quarters of an Hundred Weight Grofs, and fa in proportion for every lefs Size ; the Weight of which empty Calks, with the Allowance of Soakage aforefaid, the faid Weighmafter or joint public Weighmafters, hiSor their Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to brand on the Side and Bottom of every fuch empty Calk or Calks, in Figures and not in Letters ; and in cafe any Perfon lhall buy, fell or expofe to Sale, within any Perfons felling, City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Mar- &c- any empty ket Town, any empty Calk or Cajks for packing of Butter, not	uot

weighed aod branded as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon (being thereof rtran e * convi&cd before the Mayor of fuch City, Chief Magiftrate of fuch Town Corporate, or a Juftice of the Peace of the County in which fuch Place of Export or Market Town (hall lie, and where fuch Of-	*

fence lhall be committed, on a fummary Hearing by the Oath or Affirmation, as the cafe may be, of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, (which Oath or Affirmation the faid Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice aforefaid, is hereby empowered and required to ad-miuifter) or upon the Coufeffion of fuch Offender, lhall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling for every Calk fo brought, or fold or Penalty, expofed to Sale as aforefaid, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Diftrafs. Offender’s Goods and Chattels,' by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice, as tlie cafe may be, which.

Warrant he and they are hereby empowered and required to iffue immediately upon fuch Convi&ion or Confellion, in cafe of Non Payment; and in cafe fuch Offender lhall not have Goods and Chattels fufticient to fatisfy the faid Penalty, then fuch Offender lhall, by Warrant ander the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice, as the cafe may be, (which Warrant every fuch Mayor,

Chief Magiftrate or Juftice, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered

and required to iffue) he committed to the Gaol of fuch City, Town Imprifonment. '

Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town (hall be, and where

fuch Offence lhall be committed, there to remain without Bail or

Mainprize, for any Space of time not exceeding One Month nor lefs

than One Week, at the Difcretion of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate

or Juftice, as the cafe may be ; and whenever any fuch Calk or Calks

of Butter (hall be brought to any fuch Weighmafter or Weighmafters,

his or their Deputy or Deputies, for the Purpofe of being weighed,,

which lhall not have the Tare branded and marked upon the Side Calks not having

and Bottom of fuch Calk or Calks by the faid Weighmafter or Weigh- Tare branded,

mailers, his or their Deputy or Deputies, that then it lhall be,

lawful for fuch Weighmafter or Weighmafters, his or their Deputy.

or Deputies, and he and they is and are hereby required to caufe fuck

Calk or Calks to be ftripped, and lhall weigh and brand the fame in

like manner as if fuch Calk or Calks had been brought empty to fuch

Weigh-houfe, but they lhall not give any Allowance for Soakage on

*	v	any	^



Google

1*4

C.1J4-

5a* GEO. IIL

AJD.ifiJ.

Cooper's Jt*m6 •fi Calks.

Penalty.

Penalty.

any fuch Calk* andit /hall be lawful for fold Weigbmsflfct nr Weigh* mailers, his or their Deputy or Deputies* to ufe nrif other Bond or Mark ki Addition to the foregoing* which the faid Weighrarihtor Weightaafters, his or their Deputy or Deputies* lh*H think leak fcdble to be counterfeited $ and all empty Calk at Gaiks, or Calk or Calks of Blitter which ffiall be brought to any Weigh-hcmfe of any Gty# Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, to be weqrhed and branded, (hall have the Name of the Cooper who made fuck Calk or Calks, branded in a legible manner On ibmc eonfpicoous Part of it Or them ; and in cafe any empty Calk or Calks* or Gaflc or Caflcs ef Butter, fhall be brought to any of the faid Weigh-bourfcs to be weighed and branded as aforefald, not having the Name of the Cooper branded on it or them as aforefoid* the laid Weigh mailer 6r Weigfc-iViefters, his or their Deputy or Deputie*, is and Ore hereby empowered and required to feize and carry fuch empty Cade or Cadis* Or fuch Calk or Calks of Butter* before the Mayor of fuels City, Chief Magiftrate of fuch Town Corporate, or a Juftice of the Peace of the County in which fuch Weigh-boufe fhall lie, as the cafe may bey who is hereby empowered and required to enquire into the fame * and if fuch Calx or Calks lhall, upon Examination* Infpe&ion or due Proof, appear not to be branded with the Name of faid Cooper an aforefoid, he fhdtl adjudge fuch Calk and Calks t6 be forfeited, and the Perfok to whom fuch Calk or Calks of Butter, or empty Cafk or Calks lhall belong, lhall forfeit the Sum of Five Shdlmgi SttiMng for every Fifty fix Pounds Weight of Butter which fuch Calk or Ctffk* lhall contain f and the faid Mayor, Chief Magiftrateot Juftice of the Peace aforefoid,-a* the Cafe may be, is hereby empowered and required to det^s fuch Calk or Calks of Butter until fuch Penalty lhaH lie fairs bed; and if fuch Penalty lhall not be fatisfied within Fourteen Days, fuch Mayer* Chief Magiftrate or Juilice, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered and required to caufe fuch Calk of Calks of Butter to be fold by pub* lie AoClion, and lhall, out of the Money for which the fame mi be fold, deduct fuch Penalty and thereafonable Expence* of fuch Auction, and lhall pay the Overplus to the Owner of fueh Calk or Cafe* Weighmsfternot of Butter; and in cafe the laid Weighmafter or WeighfnaJiers, bis or branding Calk* fheir Deputy or Deputies, lhall weigh and brand any Calk or Cade* of Butter, or for packing of Butter, not made at herein, or not being tf fhe Weight hereinafter direded, or not having the Stott*, Bottom* and Head thereof of the Thicknefs hereinafter mentioned and required, dr not branded with the Name of the Cooper as herein required,* of (hall mark or brand any Calk or Calks fabely as containing chore or lbfs than the true Weight, fuch Weighmafter or Weighmaftcre* hi* 6t their Deputy or Deputies being thereof convicted before tbf Mayor of fuch City, Chief Magiftrate of fuch Town Corporate,* or Juftice of the Peace of the County in which fuch Platte of Eapftrt or Market Town lhaB lie, as the cafe may be, on a ftmwriSry Hearing by the Oath for Affirmation, if a Quaker) of One or mei* tttediNr Wknefs or Witnefles, (which Oath or Affirmation every fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate ot Juftice of the Peace of the County, ad the ttafe may be, is hereby empowered and required to adrtiafoter) As# for every fuch Calk not made or branded a* heVeie k dtreded*®r ** being of the Weight hereinafter prescribed, or riot haring the StaVe^ Bottom arid Head1 thereof of the Thickoefr hereinafter required* fo weighed andbfaudodby him>or tben^foafoit the Sort of Free Shd-

%	tag*

made at directed or branding foil*!/.

Penalty,



A.D.idu.

52* geo. m.

G.134.

lings Sterling, and for every Cafk fo marked of branded faHely, the Sam of Ten Shillings to be levied in cafe of Non Payment, by Dif- Diftreft. trtfs and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant tinder the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace, as the cafe may be ; Which Warrant laid Mayor, Chief Magiftrate dr Juftice of the Peace aforefaid, is hereby empowered and inquired to ifTue.

XV. And be it farther enafted, That all and every Cafk and Calks of Butttr Calks of Butter which fhall be brought into any City or Liberties for Sale, tritd, thereof. Town Conporate, Sea Pott or Place of Export or Market &c,fthy Town, for Sale or for Exportation, (hall, before the fame is fold or er* expofed to Sale in, or exported from fuch City or Liberties thereof.

Town Corporate, Sea Port or Place of Export or Market Town, be brought to fome one of the Weigh-houfes aforefaid, there to be tailed, weighed and proved by faid Weighmafter or Weighmafters,

Tafter or Tafters of fuch City, Town Corporate, Sea Port or Place of Export or Market Town, as the cafe may happen to be, his or their Deputy or Deputies, who is and are hereby required ftriftfy according to their refpe&ive Offices to infpedl the fame, and before he or they mark or brand or approve the fame, to fee that fuch Butter be merchantable 5 and in cafe any fuch Butter fhail appear not merchantable, faid Weighmafter or Weighmafters, his or their Deputy Or Deputies, Tafter or Tafters, are hereby empowered and required to feize the fame, and carry it, and caufe the Perfon or Peffons who fold or expofed the fame for Sale, or the Owner thereof, by Summons, to appear before the Mayor of fuch City, Chief Magiftrate of fuch Town Corporate, or a Juftice of Peace for the County m which fuch Place of Export or Market Town (hall lie, where fuch Butter fhall be fo fold or expofed to Sale, as the cafe may be, who is herebv empowered and required to enquire into the fame; and if fuch Butter fhall, upon Examination or InfpefWon, or due Proof, appear to him to be unmerchantable, he fhall adjudge the fame to be forfeited 5 and pena|t-if any fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace aforefaid, in cafe of DroVt fhall be doubtful of the Quality of fuch Butter* or if either Party Two indiffere* require the fame, fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice of the	tta"

Peace as aforefaid, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered and ^tJudat* lired to fummon, examine and hear upon Oath, or Affirmation if pcten *

uaker, ^ which Oath or Affirmation fuch Mayor, Chief Magrf-rate or Juftice of the Peace, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered and required to adminifter Y Two fkllful, difinterefted and impartial Perfons, and whom he fhall confider and believe to be competent Judges in relation to the Nature and Quality of fuch Butter, that he may be the better able to determine concerning the fame 5 and when fuch Butter, fo brought to be fold, weighed or expofed to If merchanr^le^ Sale pnrfuant to this A £t, fhall appear to fuch Weighmafter or Weigh- wclghtd art matters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Tafter or Tafters, to be teMdsd, merchantable, faid Weighmafter or Weighmafters, his or their Deputy Or Deputies, fhall and is and are hereby fequired to weigh the fame, and to brand and mark on the Side of each Cafk the grofs Weight thereof, in Figures, and not in numerical Letters, and to nfe any other Brand or Mark in Addition thereto, which the faid Weighmafter or Weighmafters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, fhdl think leaft liable to be counterfeited; and in cafe the laid Weighmafter or Weighmafters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, &*B make *fe

of



A.I>.i8i2*

C.134.	52*	GEO.	III.

Penalty.

iJUticls.

Butter improperly packed brought he fore Mayor, &C.

Penalty.

Mayor, &r. tnay examine on Oath.

l^eesjo Weigh-mtfters, fcc.

of numerical Letters in branding any empty Calk or Calks, or Cafk or Calks of Butter, fuch Weighmafler or Weigimiaflers, Lis or their Deputy or Deputies, being thereof convicted, on a fummary Hearing, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, (or Affirmation, if a Quaker) before fuch Mayor, Chief Magifbatt or Juflice of the Peace aforefaid, as the cafe may be, (and which Oath or Affirmation every fuch Mayor, Chief Magiflrate or Juflice of the Peace aforefaid, is hereby empowered and required to adminifter) (hall forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings for every Calk fo branded, to be levied by Diilrcfs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiflrate or Juflice of the Peace, as the cafe maybe; which Warrant Lid Mayor, Chief Magiflrate or Juflice of the Peace aforefaid, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered and required to iffue.

XVI. And be it further enabled. That if any Perion or Perfocs (Jtatl in any Calk or Cafks pack up or mix old Butter with new, or mix Bay Salt in Head of White Salt in packing it, or greater Quantities of Salt than what melts in working it up. and mail bring the fame to any of the faid Weigh-houfes,\hat it fliall and may be lawful for every fuch Weighmafler or Weighmaflers, his or their Deputy or Deputies, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to feize and carry fuch Cafk of Butter, and caufe the Perfon who brought the fame to be weighed, or the Owner thereof, to be fum-rooned to appear before the Mayor, Chief Magiflrate or Juflice of the Peace of the County a3 aforefaid, as the cafe may be, who is hereby empowered and required to inquire into the fame, and if fuch Cafk (hall, upon Examination, Infpedtion or due Proof, appear to him to contain old Butter mixed with new, or that Bay Salt inflead of White Salt fhall have been ufed in packing fuch Butter, or that ^greater Quantities of Salt than what melts in it hath been ufedia packing it up, he fhall adjudge fuch Cafk or C;fks with the Butter contained therein, to be forfeited ; and if fuch Mayor, Chief Magif-trate or Juflice of the Peace aforefaid, as tlie cafe may be, fhall be doubtful concerning fuch Butter, or if either Party require it, fuch Mayor, Chief Magiflrate or Jullicc of the Peace aforefaid, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered and required to fummon, examine and hear upon Oath or Affirmation as aforefaid, as the cafe may be, (which Oath or Affirmation the faid Mayor, Chief Magiflrate or Juflice of the Peace aforefaid, as the cafe m y happen to be, i* hereby empowered and required to adminifler) Two ikiiful, difinte-refled and impartial Perfons, whom he (halt confider and believe to be competent Judges in relation to the Nature and Quality of fuch Butter, that he may be the better able to determine concerning the fame.

€ XVII. And whereas the weighing, examining and brandiog fuch

*	empty Cafk or Cafks, and Cafk or Cafks of Butter, are attended

•	with great Expenfe and Trouble ;* Be it therefore enabled, Tbit the Weighmafler or Weighmaflers of each City. Town Corporate, Place of Export and Market Town for the time being, fhall have an4 receive from the Perfon bringing the fame to be weighed ahd branded, or from the Owner thereof, the Sum of One Penny, and no more, for every fuch empty Cafk fo weighed and branded; and for the weighing and branding every Cafk of Butter, Two pence; and for tailing, proving and marking the Quality One Penny, to

...... *........................................ - *



AiHiSn.

5«° GEO.’III.'

C.134.

7*7

be paid to the Perfon fo tailing, proving and marking the faid Butter; and that no Butter (hall be packed, fold or expofed to Sale in any Calk exceeding in Weight more than Eighty four Pounds in the Grofs ; and that the faid Weighmafter or Weighmafters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, (hall not brand any empty Calk which when full of Butter may weigh more than Eighty four Pounds Grofs, nor lefs than Twenty eight Pounds Grofs ; and that the Tare of every fuch Calk or Calks fhall be Twenty Pounds Weight per Hundred Weight on the grofs Weight thereof, or to be deduced in that Proportion though it fhall weigh lefs ; and that upon Refufal to pay the refpedive Fees aforefaid, or any of them, by the Perfon or Perfona liable by this A 61 to pay the fame, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Weighmafter or Weighmafters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Taller or Tafters, to detain fuch Calk or Calks until Satisfa&ion be made according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad; and that every Calk or Calks fhall have the Staves thereof as nearly of an equal Thicknefs as may be ; and that the Head and Bottom of fuch Calk fhall be of due -Thicknefs, in Proportion to the Size of fuch Calk or Cafks ; and if any Calk of Butter which fhall be brought to any of the Weigh-houfes aforefaid, fhall have the Butter in it packed above the Riddle of fuch Calk, fuch Calk of Butter (hall not be weighed until the Surface of fuch Butter (hall be reduced to a Level with the Corner Edge of fuch Riddle ; and in cafe the Tare marked on any Calk of Butter which fhall be brought to any of the faid Weigh-houfes to be weighed, fhall not be in the Proportion aforefaid to the grofs Weight of fuch Cafk, it lhall be lawful for the faid Weighmafter or Weighmafters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, and he and they are hereby required to erafe fuch Tare from fuch ' Calk, and to mark and brand thereof fuch Tare as lhall bear that Proportion to the grofs Weight thereof which by this Ait. is. required.	*

XVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Cafk or Calks of Butter lhall be tried or bored at any other Place fave only at one. of faid Weigh-houfes, or bought, fold or expofed to Sale, within any City or the Liberties thereof, Tuwn Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, before the fame lhall have been duly tried, weighed, and branded at any one of the faid Weigh-houfes heretofore ap-. pointed or hereafter to be appointed purtuant to the Dire&ions of this A£t, both the Buyer and Sell r of fuch Calk, or the Perfon or Perfons fo trying or boring fuch Calk or Calks of Butter, and the Perfon or Perfons fo buying, felling or expofing to Sale fuch Calk or Calks of Butter before the fam^ lhall have been duly tried, weighed, approved and branded as aforefaid, being thereof convicted before fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace of the County, as the cafe may be, on a fummary Hearing, by the Oath (or Affirmation, if a Quaker) of one or more credible Witnefs or WitnelTes, (which Oath or Affirmation the faid Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered and required to adminifter) or on Confeffion of the Party or Parties before fuch Mayor, Magiftrate or Juftice, as the cafe may be, lhall each of them forfeit for each Calk of Butter fo tried, bored, bought, fold or expofed to Sale, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be levied by Diftrefs and. Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate 0* Juftice, as the.

J	cafe

Butter in Calks not to exceed 84IKS. in the Grofs.

Tare in Proportion to Grof* Weight.

Staves, Head and Bottom of Cafks.

Butter not above Riddle. Tare according' to pro|K)itldhate* Weight of Calks.

Buying, Sec, Cafks of Butter net branded.

Penalty.

Diftrefs.



Google

C.l34»

5? GW- nc

AJD.1812,

Iwptifonment.

Butter not returned into Cavity from whence bored.

Penelur.

Buying, «tc. Butter otberwife than directed.

cafe may be, (which Warrant every fuck Mayor, Chief Msgiirat*, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered and required immediately to iflue upon luck Coavicfrpu ia cafe pf Nod payment of hudPeaaJty); and in cafe fuck Offender or Offenders (hall npt have Goods #od Cfet«* tds fufficieot to fatisfy and aufwer laid Penalty or Penalties, (neb Offender or Offenders (hall be committed to the Gaol of fuch City, Town Corporate or County Gaol, as the cafe may be, by Warrast under the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Juftkx, as the cafe may happen to be, /which Warrant every fuch Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Juftice, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered and'required to iffue), there to remain without Bail or Msinprize, far any Space of time not exceeding Two Months or for left than One Week, at the Difcretioo of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice* as the cafe may happen to be ; and if any Perlon or Pcrioai who fhaU bore any Caik or Cafes of Butter within any City or Liberties thereof. Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Towi, flull not return the Butter taken out by fuch boring into ks ova proper Cavity in foch Caik or Cfdks, fuch Perfpn or Perfoos briar thereof convi&ed in manner afdrefaid, by fuch Mayor, Chief Magife true or Judies of the Peace a fore laid, as the cafe may be, ftall forfeit Cor every fuch Cafe the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender's Good# and Chattels, by Warrast under the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Ma^iftnOe or Juftice of the Peace aforefeid* os the cafe may be* (which Warrant every fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate ** Juftiq* aforefeid, as the cafe nay be, is hereby empowered aad required to iffue); and in cafe fuck Offender or Offenders (h*U not hasp Efficient Goods pod Chattels to fatisfy and anfwer fuch Penalty, then fuch Offender or Offenders (haM be committed, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuck Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice as aforefeid, as the cafe may fey (which Warrant every fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftios a# aforefeid, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered and required to iiue) to the Gaol of fuch City* Town Corporate or Place of £x-pptt, or County at large, as the cafe may happen to be, there to remain without any Bail or Mainprize, for a Space of time not exceed* iog One Month nor left titan One Week, at the Difcretion of fuck Mayor* Chief Magiftrate or Juftice aforefeid, as the cafe may he.

XIX.	And he it further enabled, That all and every Perfoa nr Perfons who (hull either buy or fell spy Cafe or Calks of Butter at any greater or lefs Tare, or (ball take or give any greater or lefs Quantity or Allowance than the Tare and Allowance tor Sonkage branded on fuch Caik or Calks of Blitter, or urfu> (hall boy or feff any f>4 or Calks of Butter by Hand and not by Weight, fetch Perfbn or Per* fops fo buying or felling at a greater pr Jefe Quantity or T***, or Allowance foe boskage than as aforefeid, notwkbftanding any Contract bet wee u the Perfon or Perfons fo felling, and the Perton or Perfeus fo buying by Hand and pot by Weight, on being copvi&ed thereof before the Mayor of any City, Chief Magiftrate of any Town Corporate, or a Juftice of the Peace of the Couptv where there is « Seaport or Place of Export or Market Tpwn as aforefeid, and where fuch Offence (hall be committed, as the cafe may be, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefe or Wiuwftes, or Affirmation, of a Quaker*

i which Oath or Affirmation every fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate qt uftice of the Peace aforefeid* tb? cafe way happen to jfei « hereby

empowered

AJD.iffia.

jrGEO.m,	C.134*	769

empowered and required to adminifter, or on the Confeffion of the Party or Parties before fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice afore-laid, a* the cafe may be,) (hall each of them forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every (uch Calk of Butter fo bought or fold by Penally.

Hand as aforefaid, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender** Diilreft.

Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace aforefaid, as the cafe may be, (which Warrant every fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice as aforefaid, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered and acquired to ifiue) ; and if in cafe fuch Offeuder or Offenders (hall not litre Goods and Chattels fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy fuch Penalty *r Penalties, fuch Offender pr Offenders (hall by Warrant under the Hand and 8eal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice as aforefaid, as the cafe may be, (which Warrant every fuch Mayor, Chief Magifttste or Juftice as aforefaid, is hereby empowered and required to iSfuc) be committed tp the Gaol of fuch City, Town Corporate or ImpriTomstac. County at large, as the cafe may be, there to remain without any Bail or Maiopriae, for a Space of time not exceeding One Month ewr lefs than One Week, at the Difcretion of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice aforefaid, before whom fuch Convi&ion (haH t>e had.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if, from and after the Com- Revenue Oft~ wtencement of this A&, any Landwaiter or other Revenue Officer cer* permitting entrufted with the lading-or putting on board any Butter for the ®utt*r not Puroofe of being exported from Ireland, (hall permit or fuffer any	**

Caft or Calks of Butter to be (hipped or laden on board any Ship,

Boat or Veflel, in order to be exported as Merchandize,^any Quantify of Butter in Caffes needful and aeceftkry for the real ana bona fide Ufo of the Crew of fuch Ship, Boat or Veflel, only excepted) without liautng been ptevioufly weighed, branded and marked by the Weigh-	,

matter of the Seaport or race of Export where fuch Butter (hall be fluff'd or put on board, as dire&ed by this A&, every fuch Land-waker or other Revenue Officer who (hall fo offend, (hall forfeit and ftty the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Ca(k which he (hall permit Penalty, to be fo flipped or loaded on board any Ship, Boat or Veflel, to be sacovered, dffpofed of and applied, as is hereinbefore laft immediately diro&ed and appointed as to other Penalties of the like Amount.

XXL And be it further enabled, That no Weighmafter or Weigh- Butter bought matters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Tafter or Tafters, or any by Wcightr^fter, Cooper or other Petfon employed in any Weigh-houfe aforefaid, or *c* orPerlbng »y Ferfoa in Truft for him, them or any of them, (hall buy, fell, "} contra# or treat for any Calk or QaAc* of Butter; and m cafe any poy Weighmafter or Weighmaftera, his or their Dejputy or Deputies,

Tafter or Tafters, fuch Cooper or other Perfon lo employed in any fuch Weigh-houfe or Weigh-boufes, or any Perfon in Truft for him, them or any of them, (hall buy, fell, contra# or treat for any Caffs or Calks of Butter, the faid Weighmafter or Weighmafters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Tafter or Tafters, fuch Cooper or other Perfon fy employed in any of the faid Weigh-hoofes, being thereof coav&sd before the Mayor of any City, Chief Magi* trat£ of any Town Corporate, or a Juftice qf the Peace for the County where fuch Place of Export or Market Town (hall lie, and where fuch Offence (hall he fo committed, as the cafe may be, on the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or YV itncffes, or Affirmation, if a

Quaker,

(^.ooQle

A.B.i8ii

Penalty.

No Publican or Cooper to be WeighmaUer.

Wcighroafter or Deputy may hate One Ca(k foe Family Ule.

Brands for marking other Coopers Name*.

Penalty,, Dirtrel*.



Imprifonrnent-

Branding, Sec.

C. 1341.	5a0 GEO. Ills

.Quaker, (which Oath or Affirmation every fuch Mayor, Chief Mar giftrate or Juilice of the Peace aforefaid, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered and required to adminiftei) (hall forfeit the Butter fo bought, fold or contracted for by him, them or any of them, or by any Perfon in Truft for him, them or any of them, or the Value thereof, to be recovered in like manner as the Penalty for buying Butter by Hand, and not by Weight as herein directed; and that no Perfon who keeps a Public Houfe, nor any Cooper during the time fuch Cooper (hall exercife and follow the Trade or Myftery of* Cooper, or (hall employ any Apprentice or other Perfon in making Calks for packing up Butter for his Ufe or in Trull for him, (hall be capable of being a Weighmafter or Deputy Weighmafter for weigh, ing of Butter within the Meaning of this Act ; any thing in this A6t or any {former Law to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall preclude fuch Weighmafter or Weighmafters, nis or their Deputy or Deputies, Tafteror Ta&*n, or fuch Cooper or other Perfon, from purcbafmg or having in his Poffeffion One Calk of Butter at a time, not exceeding Eighty four Pounds grofs height, for the Uie of his or their Family or Families* and no more.

XXII. And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon or Perfocs (hall make, or have in his, her or their Poffeffion, any Brand, Mark or'Inftrument, for the Purpofe of branding or marking on any Calk or Calks for packing up Butter, any Name purporting to be the Name of any Mafter Cooper who made, or for whom fuch Cdk or Calks were made, other than the Name of fuch Mailer Cooper, every fuch Perfon being thereof convi&ed before the Mayor of soy fuch City, Chief Magiltrate of fuch Town Corporate, or a Juftice of Peace for the County in w hich fuch Place of Export or Market Town as aforefaid (hall lie, as the cafe may be, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or WitnefTcs, or Affirmation, if a Quaker, I which Oath or Affirmation fuch Mayor, Chief Magiltrate or Juftice as aforefaid, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered to adminifter), (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling* to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chat* tels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice as aforefaid, as the cafe may be, (which Waff rant the faid Mayor, Chief Magiltrate or Juftice aforefaid, as the cafe may be, is hereby required to iffue) 5. and in cafe fuch Offender or Offenders (hall not have Goods and Chattels fufficient to tnfwet and fatisfy fuch penalty, then fuch Offender or Offenders (ball be committed to the Gaol of fuch City, Town Corporate or County at large, as the cafe may be, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiltrate or Juftice aforefaid, as the cafe may be, (which Warrant every fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate ot Juftice, as the cafe maybe, is hereby empowered and required to iffue) there to remain without anjs Bail or Mainprize for a Space of time not exceeding Six Months nor lefs than One Month, at the Difcretion of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice as aforefaid, as the cafe may be; and if any Perfon (hall brand or mark any Calk or Calks for packing up Butter, with any 3rand or Mark purporting to be the Name of any Mafter Cooper who made fuch Calk or Calks, or for whom fuch Calk or Calks were made, other than the Name of fuch Mafter Cooper, fuch Perfon or Pcrfons beisg •	thereof



A.D. 181s.

520 GEO. III.

C.134.	771

thereof convi&ed in manner aforefaid, (hall forfeit for every fuch .Cafk the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of Penalty.

.the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand D,ftjrcls* and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magi ft rate or Juftice aforefaid, as the cafe may be, ( which Warrant every fuch Mayor, Chief Magif-. rate or Juftice aforefaid, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered and required to iffue); and in cafe fuch Offender or Offenders (hall not have Goods and Chattels fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy fuch Penalty, then the faid Offender or Offenders fhall be committed by Warrant as aforefaid, to the Gaol of fuch City, Town Corporate Imprifonmenc. or County at large, as the cafe may be, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for a Space of time not exceeding Two Months nor lefs than One Week, at the Difcrction of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice. of the Peace aforefaid, as the cafe may happen to be.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Weighmafter or	ccn*

Wejghmafters of any City, Town Corporate, Place of Export or	before	1

Market Town,, his or their Deputy or Deputies, fhall find on Exa- Mayor,&c. mination, that any Cafk or Cafks for the packing of Butter, which fhall be brought to any of the Weigh-houfes aforelaid, to be weighed or branded, is or are not made conformable to this A&, or are not of the Weight herein mentioned and required, or have not the Staves,

Head and Bottom thereof of the Thicknefs herein required, that then it may and fhall be lawful for faid Weighmafter or Weiglj-mafters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, to feize fuch Cafk or Cafks, apd carry the fame before the Mayor of fuch City, Chief Magiftrate of,fuch Town Corporate, or a Juftice of the Peace for the County in which fuch Place of Export or Market Town fhall lie, as the cafe maybe ; which Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace aforefaid, as the cafe may be, is hereby empowered and ce-

ntd to enquire concerning the fame 5 and if fuch Cafk or Cades upon Examination, Infpe&ion or due Proof before him, appear to be. made contrary to Law, ornot to be of the Weight hereby re- . quired, or not to have the Staves, Head and Bottom thereof of the Thicknefs herein required, he (hall order fuch Cafk or Cafks to be fawed in Two acrofs; and if fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Mayor, &c. may Juftice of the Peace aforefaid, as the cafe may be, fhall be doubtful examine on of , the Quality of fuch Cafk or Caiks, or if any of the Parties cqu-cemed require the fame, fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice aforefaid, as the cafe, may be, is hereby empowered and required to fammon, examine and hear upon Oath, or Affirmation, if a Quaker,

(which faid Oath or Affirmation fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice aforefaid, as the cafe m^y be, is hereby empowered and required to adminifter) Two able, difinterefted and impartial Mafter Coopers, in relation to the Nature and Quality of the fame, that he may be better able to determine concerning the fame.

XXIV. ^Vnd be it further ena&ed. That whenever the Mayor of Sale of Cafk or any^City, Chief Magiftrate of any Town Corporate, or Juftice of the Butter forfeited. Peace for the County in which there is fuch t*lace pf Export, or Market Town as aforefaid, as the cafe may be, fhall declare any Cafk or Caiks of* Butter to be forfeited pursuant to the Powers given him in this A&, he fhall withimFourteen Days caufe the fame to be fold by public Auction to the higheft Bidder; and that the Money Application of for which fuch Cafk or Cafks of Butter fhall be fold ihall,.after defray- Monoy.

52 Geo. III.

3 o

ing



772

A.D. 1812.

C.i3-|.	520	GEO.	HI.

Witnefs.

Foes.

Penalties going to Houfe of Induftry received kc. by Weigh-marier.

Fee.

Central Iffut.

ing tlie reafonable Ex pence# of fuch Sale by Au&ion, be equally divided; One Half thereof to go to the Perfon or Perfonswho (hall have feizeil fuch Calk of Butter, and the other Half to go to the Governors of the Workhoufe or Houfe of Induftry of (uch City, Town Corporate or County at large, as the cafe may happen to be, to be by them applied in Aid of the Fund of fuch Workbook or Houfe of Induftry; and in cafe there (hall not be any fuch Work-houfe or Houfe of Induftry, then that fuch Half (hall be given and (hall go to the Poor of the Parifli where fuch Offence (hall have boa committed ; and that every Penalty to be levied by Diftrefs for any Offence under this A A, and not herein otherwife difpofed, (hall be equally divided ; One Half thereof to go to the Party informing againft and profecuting every fuch Offence, (and which Party is and are hereby declared to be competent Witnefs or competent Wit-in fles in every fuch cafe A and the other Half to go to the Govemort of fuch Houfe of Induftry' or Workhoufe aforefaid, as the cafe nay he, to be by them applied as aforefaid ; and in cafe of no fuch Houfe of Induftry or Workhoufe, fuch Half to go to the Poor of the Parifh where fuch Offence (hall have been committed ; and the Perfos to whom any Warrant of Diftrefs for levying fuch Diftrefs, andwta (hall aftually levy the fame, (hall, for his Trouble, have andrecere the following Fees; videlicet, Two Shillings if the Penalty do not exceed Forty Shillings, One Shilling in the Pound for every Penalty above Forty Shillings and not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, aed Six pence in the Pound for every Penalty above Five Pounds; laid Fees to be levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Pcrfoa who (hall incur fuch Penalties, in like manner as the Penalties them-felves are by this Aft direfted to be levied.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That the Weighmailcr or Weighmafters aforefaid, his or their Deputy or Deputies, and he and they is and arc hereby direfted and required to receive all fuch Penalties and Forfeitures as by this Aft are to go to the Governors of any Houfe of Tnduftry or Workhoufe, as the cafe may be, aed (hall account Quarterly upon Oath, or Affirmation, if a Quaker, with fuch Governors (and which Oath or Affirmation fuch Gorer-nors are hereby empowered and required to adminifter) forthefaid Penalties and Forfeitures received by them refpeftively, dedu&rcg Five Pounds Sterling out of every Hundred Pounds, and fo in Proportion, as a Recompence for his Trouble.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That whenever any empty Cafk or Cafks for packing up Butter (hall be feized or brought behm? the Mayor of any City, Chief Magiftrate of any Town Corporate, or Juft ice of the Peace for any County where there is fuch Place of Export or Market Town aforefaid, as the cafe maybe, or (hall be adjudged and condemned, or whenever any Diftrefs is or (hall be taken purfuant to this Aft, no Replevin (hall lie, but the Judgment of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice, (hall be final and oon-clufivc; and that if any Perfon or Perfons (hall be fued, moleftcd or troubled, for putting in Execution any of the Powers contained in this Aft, or for doing any Matter or Thing purfnant thereto, fuch Perfon or Perfon* may plead the General I flue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or Judgment given againft him, her or them by Default, or upon Demurrer, or a Vcrdift /hall pals for the Defendant or De-

fcndiBtg,



Google

A.D.1812.

52° GEO. IH.

C*134'	773

fendants, (hall have his or their Treble Coils, to be recovered in TreMe Cofti, fuch manner as where by Law Coils are awarded and given to Defendants.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing in this Ci»y of Cork, Ad contained ihall extend or be coniidered, conilrued or taken to &c* excepted* extend, to the Butter Trade of the City of Cork, or the Liberties thereof.

* XXVIII. And whereas, by feveral Adis now or lately in force,

*	Weigh-houfes and Weighmafters have been long eilabliihed in the

*	Liberties of Saint Sepulchre and of Thomas Court and Donore, which

*	faid Liberties are iituate within the County of the City and County

*	of Dublin: And whereas it may happen that Weighhoufes and

*	Weighmalters may have been eilabliihed by virtue of certain Laws 4 and Cuiloms in force in certain other Liberties in Irclandj and it is 4 expedient that Weigh-houfes ihould be continued within all fuch 4 Liberties, and be fubjedt and liable to the fame Regulations to

*	which any Weigh-houie or Weighmafler, to beere&ed, eilabliihed,

4 appointed or continued in any Places by virtue of this Adt, is or may

4 be liable or fubjedl Be it therefore enadted, That the Lord of Weighmafters any Manor, or Senefchal of any Liberty, under and by virtue of a?po,.nt5d.for. any Law or Cuilom in force at the time of the paffing of this Adi, cerum 1 efUcli and which ihall have been put in force or adted under for the Space of Six Years before the palling of this Adi, ihnlJ refpedtively according to fuch Law or Cuilom have full Power and Authority to appoint One Weighmafler for each and every fuch Manor or Liberty, for Butter and Tallow, to weigh, brand and mark all fuch Calks and Commodities, and take and receive all fuch Sum and Sums of Money for weighing, branding and marking the fame, as any Weighraafter or Weighmafters nominated and appointed, or to be appointed by or in purfuance of this Adi, can or may have, exercife, take or receive by virtue of this Adt; and after fuch Calks or Commodities ihall be weighed, branded or marked by the Weighmafter of the faid refpedlive Liberties as aforefaid, fuch Calks or Commodities (hall and may be exported in fuch Sort and M anner as if weighed by the Weighmafter of any Place under the Diredtion of this Adi; any Claufe, Matter or Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwith(landing ; which faid Weighmafters and their refpettive Deputies ihall be fubjedt and liable to all the Regulations, Pains and Penalties to which any other Weighmafters or their Deputies appointed by this Act or in purfuance thereof are fubjedt and liable, under the Direction and Controul of the Lord or Senefchal of any fuch Manor or Liberty refpedtively.

XXIX. And, for the more effectually enforcing and carrying into Mayor, fcc.msjr Execution the Proviftons of this Ad, he it further euadled. That on ,fruel)V(^?an]s Complaint or Information in Writing before the Mayor of any City, J-^moned aud* Chief Magiftrate of any Town Corporate, or Juitice of the Peace not 4tt«ndin|, for the County in which there is fuch Place of Export or Market Town as aforefaid, as the cafe may be, of any Offence liaving been committed againil this Adt, every iuch Mayor, Chief Magiftrate or Juftice aforefaid, as the cafe may be, is hereby authorized and required to fummoa the Perfon or Perfons charged with being an Offender or Offenders againil this Adi, to appear before him at a certain Tune •nd Place to be fpecified, and which time for fuch Appearance ihall mot he left than Forty eight Hours after the iffuing of lush Summons,

3 D a



974

A.D.r8n.

G134.	520	GEO. IIL

fuch Mayor, Chief Magiflrate or Juftice, as the ode mrj be, Proof on Oath, if any Perfon or Perfons fo fummoned (hall not appear according to fuch Summons, having been firft made, which Oalh the faid Mayor, Chief Magiflrate or Juftice is hereby empowered and required to adminifter, of the Service of fuch Summons upon fuch Perfon or Perfons, by delivering the fame to him, her or them pet-fonally, or leaving the fame at his, her or their ufual Place of Abode or Places of Relidence Forty eight Hours at lead before the time fpecified in fuch Summons for his, her or their Appearance, (hail make and ifTue his Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Perfon or Perfons fo fummoned and not appearing as aforefaid, and for bringing him or them before fuch Mayor, Chief Magiflrate or Juftice aforefaid, as the cafe may be; and it alfo (hall be lawful for fuch Mayor, Chief Magiflrate or Juftice aforefaid, as the cafe may be, w cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons cannot be apprehended and brought before him, or upon his or their appearing upon fuch Summons, fuch Mayor, Chief Magiflrate or Juftice aforefaid, as the cafe may be,» hereby authorized and required to make Enquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to proceed thereon according to the feverai Provifions of this A61.

Proceeding*, XXX. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawfol before Mayor, for cvery fuch Mayor, Chief Magiflrate or Juftice of the Peace afore-c#	faid, and before whom any fuch Complaint or Information fhall be

made as aforefaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, at the Requeft of any of the Parties, to iffue his Summons to any Wksefi or Witnefies, to appear within the Space of Twenty four Hours, and give Evidence before fuch Mayor, Chief Magillrate or Juftice afore-laid, as the cafe may be, at the Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining fuch Complaint, and which Time and Place fhall be fpecified in fuch Summons $ and if auy Perfon or Perfons fo fuo-moned to appear as a Witnefs or Witnefies as aforefaid, fhall not appear, or fhall not give a fufficient Excufe for his, her or their De-. fault, or if any Perfon or Perfons appearing according to fuch Summons fhall not fubmit to be examined as a Witnefs or Witnefies, and give his, her or their Evidence touching the Matter of fuch Complaint, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for fuch Mayor, Chief Magiflrate or Juftice aforefaid, as the cafe may be, and be is hereby required and empowered and authorized, Proof on Oath (which Oath the faid Mayor, Chief Magiflrate or Juftice aforefaid, as the cafe may be, is hereby required and empowered to adminifter in the cafe of any Perfon uot appearing according to fuch Summons) having been firft made of the due Service of fuch Summons oa every fuch Perfon, by delivering the fame to him, her or them, or by leaving the fame at his, her or their ufual Place of Abode, by Wangm •under the Hand and Seal of fuch Mayor, Chief Magiflrate or Juftioe WteteflTes not aforefaid, as the cafe may be, to commit fuch Penon or Perfons So appearing, or making Default in appearing, or appearing and refuting to give Evi-refuting to give dence, to the Gaol of fuch City, Town Corporate or County, at Evidence, com- the cafe may be, to remain without Bail or Mainprize until fuch Per-*utt *	fon or Perfons fhall fubmit himfelf, herfelf or themfelves to he exa-

mined and give his, her or their Evidence touching the Matter of fuch Complaint as aforefaid.

Cuftom Houfe XXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any Butter

M made in Inland /hall at any time after the Commencement of thi* f<m Butter ilk-	~	'	AS

Digitized* by v^ooQle

775

$29GEO. III.

Claris;*

A A be imported into any Port of Great Britain; it (hill and may gaily packed, im-be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms of fuch Port of Im- Parted into any

Sortation, to fearch and examine the Calks in which fuch Butter PortmG,B* lall be packed ; and in cafe any Butter fo imported (hall be packed in any Calk or Calks not authorized by this Ad, or in any manner contrary to the Diredions of this Ad, fuch Butter and Calks in which the fame lhall be imported (hall be forfeited, and may bo fieized by fuch Officer of the Cultoms, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to feize the fame accordingly ; and One Half of the Value of the Butter fo forfeited and feized lhall go to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Half to the Officer fo leizing the fame; and fuch Forfeitures lhall and may be recovered By all fuch ways and means in like manner as any Forfeiture may be recovered under any Ad or Ads relating to the Cuftoms in forcer in Great Britain.

XXXII. And be it further enaded, That this Ad, and all and Commencement Angular the feveral Provifions and Regulations herein contained and mentioned, lhall commence and be in force from the Firft Day of April which will be in the Year One thoufand eight hundred ana thirteen, and not fooner, except where any other time is fpecially mentioned for the Commencement of any Claufe or Provifion hereinbefore contained.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Ad for advancing Two millions five hundred thoufand Pounds to the Eajl India Company, to enable them to dif-charge Part of the Indian Debt.	Qi	8th	July	1812.]

TT7HEREAS it has been refolved, that a Sum not exceeding Ante, c.85. VV Two millions live hundred thoufand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for the Purpofe of enabling His Majesty to advance the like Sum to the United Company of Merchants of England\ for their Relief under their prefent Circumftances ; and it has been provided that the faid Sum of Two millions five hundred thoufand Pounds lhall be railed, together with other Sums amounting together to Twenty two millions five hundred thoufand Pounds by Annuities ; and by the Terms of the Loan in which the faid Sum of Twenty two millions five hundred thoufand Pounds is to be raifed, the Capital Stock created in refped of the faid Sum of Two millions five hundred thoufand Pounds amounts to Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and to One million four hundred thoufand Pounds Confolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, refpedively transferable at the Bank of England ; and it has been agreed, that the Intereft or Annuities to be payable in refped of the faid Sum of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and the faid Sum of One million four hundred thoufand Pounds Confolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and the Annual Sums to be paid on account of the Sinking Fund for Redemption and for Charges of Management thereof refpedively, Ihould be charged and be deemed and confidered to be a Charge upon the Revenues of the Britifb Territories in the Eaft Indiet, and lhall be advanced by the faid United Company in Londont to anfwer the faid Intereft, Sinking Fond and Charges of ManagementBe it therefore enaded by the 3 D 3	King's



A.D. iSio.

77<J

CommUHoner*

of Treafury authorized ro advance to Eift India Company a certain Sum of Money.

Compmyto pay annually into Bank certain Sums on account of Reduced Annuities.

And alfo certain Sunn on account of Confolirbied Annuities.

C.I35#	GEO.	III.

King’s Moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the CommdScroets of His Majesty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required at any time before the Fmft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, to advance and pay to the {aid United Company, out,of the faid Sum of Twenty two million* five hundred thoufand Pounds to be raifed as hereinbefore is mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the faid Sum of Two millions five hundred thoufand Pounds, and at fuch times as (hall be required by the faid United Company, for their Relief as hereinbefore mentioned, and that fuch Sums (hall be ifTued and paid without any Fee or other Dedu&ion whatfoever: Provided always, that it (hall be lawful to and for the Commiffioners of His Majcfty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, to order and dined that a Sum after the Rate of Eight hundred Pounds, for every Million of the faid Two millions five hundred thoufand Pounds, (hall be deduded out of the Sum or Sums of Money to be advanced and paid to the faid United Company, to re imburfe the Charges to be incurred in and about the receiving, paying and accounting for the faid Loan.

II.	And be it further ennded, That the faid United Company, previous and in preference to the Payment of any Dividend to the Proprietors of Eajl India Stock, (hall pay annually into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments, the Sum of Ninety thoufand Pounds being the Intereft after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum on the faid Sum of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, created in refpeft of the Principal Sum of Two millions five hundred thoufand Pounds, Part of the faid Loan of Twenty two millions five hundred thoufand Pounds ; and alfo the further Sum of Fifty five thoufand four hundred and ten Pounds, by two equal Half-yearly Payments, on account of the Sinking Fund, for the Redemption of the faid Sum of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum ; the faid Half-yearly Payments to commence oo the Fifth Day of OSober One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and to continue to be made on or before the Firft Day of dprilvA the Fifth Day of OEloler in each fucceeding Year.

III.	And be it alfo enatted. That the faid United Company (hall pay annually into the Hands of the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England to the Account hereinbefore mentioned, in Two equal Half-yearly Payments, the Sum of Forty two thoufand Pounds being the Interell after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum on the laid Sum of One million four hundred thoufand Pounds Confoli-dated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, created in refpe& of the faid Principal Sum of Two millions five hundred thoufand Pounds, Part of the faid Loan of Twenty two millions five hundred thoufand Pounds ; and alfo of the further Sum of Fifty five thoufand four hundred and ten Pounds, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments, on account of the Sinking Fund, for the Redemption of the (aid Sum of One million four hundred thoufand Pounds Confolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities; the faid laft mentioned Half-yearly Payments to commence on the Firft Day of July, and to con tip t*

Google

A.D.i8i2«	52°GEO. IIL	S.i3J.	777

and be made on or before the Firfl Day of January and Firft Day of July in each fucceeding Year.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That over and befides the faid Company to pay feveral Sums of Ninety thoufand Pounds, and Fifty five thoufand Charges of four hundred and ten Pounds, and Forty two thoufand Pounds and *iUt>emen Fifty five thoufandfour hundred and ten Pounds hereinbefore mentioned, the faid United Company fhall pay into the Hands of the

faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by Half-yearly Payments, fuch Sura and Sums of Money as purfuant to an A6t of Parliament made and paffed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign 48 0.3.C.4* of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A& to authorise the advancing for the Public Service, upon certain Conditions, a Proportion of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England, for Payment of Unclaimed JJividends, Annuities and Lottery Prizes, and for regulating the Allows ances to be paid for the Management of the National Debt, (hail be payable in reipeci of the Charges of Management of the faid Two feveral Sums of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and One million four hundred thoufand Pounds Confo-lidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, or fo much thereof re-fpetfcively as from time to time fhall remain unredeemed.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid feveral Sums payable Application of for Intereft, Sinking Fund and Charges of Management on the faid Saml dijreitcd* Sum of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and One million four hundred thoufand Confolidated Three

Pounds per Centum Annuities, when paid into the Bank as herein mentioned, fhall be carried to the Account of the Right Honourable the Lords Commilfioners of His Majesty’s Treafury, on account of the Intereft, Sinking Fund and Charges of Management on the Loan raifed for the Service of the Ea/l India Company.

VI.	And be it further enadted. That in cafe Default fhall at any In cafe of Detime be made by the faid United Company in any of the Payments faul*(°f hereinbefore mentioned, to the faid Governor and Company of the charged o^Con^ Bank of England, at the feveral times hereinbefore limited for that fbiidattd Fund. * Purpofe, then and in every fuch cafe fo much Money from time to time

fhall be fet apart and ifTued at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, out of any Monies on account of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, to the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as fhall be fufficient; to fatisfy and pay the Annuities created in refpeft of the faid Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and One million four hundred thoufand Pounds Confolidated Bank Annuities, together with the Sinking Fund and Charges hereinbefore provided in refpeft thereof, ana in Payment of which the faid United Company fhall have made Default.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further cnafled, That it fhall Compmy stand may be lawful to and for the faid United Company, if they f^herSumon fhall fee fit, at any time and from time to time, to pay into the Hands account of

of the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England any fur- Sinking Fund* ther Sum or Sums of Money beyond the faid Two feveral annual Sums of Fifty five thoufand four hundred and ten Pounds and Fifty five thoufand four hundred and ten Pounds, on account of the Sinking Fund, for the Redemption of the faid Two Capital Sums of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities and One mil-

3 D 4.	liopt



52* GEO. III.	A.D.	1811.

Application of Sums p-’id to Bank for Sink-inf Fuad.

5* G. J* c. 55.

Separata Account of Sums paid o>vards Sinkit g Fund kept

lion four hundred thou fan d Pounds Confolidfrted Three Pounds per Centum Annuities.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Sums of Ninety thoufand Pounds and Forty two thoufand Pounds hereinbefore provided to be paid by the faid United Company to the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, mall be appbed by them in Payment of the faid Annuities, in refpeft of the faid Principal Sums of Three millions and One million four hundred thoufand Pounds »* the fame (hall become due, and that the faid Two feveral Sums of Fifty five thoufand four hundred and ten Pounds, and Fifty fire thou-{and four hundred and ten Pounds, and fuch other Sum and Sums of Money as (hall from time to time be paid to the (aid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Cafhier, on account of the Sinking Fund, for the Redemption of the faid feveral Capital Sums of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities ^nd One million four hundred thoufand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, fhall be by the faid Governor and Com* pany of the Bank of England placed to the Account of the Commif-floners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, in dead of the Sum* which would have been iffued and placed to the Account of the laid Commiffioner8 in refpeft of the faid Capital Stock of Three milliom Reduced Annuities, and One million four hundred thoufand Pounds Confolidated Annuities, under the Aft palled in the Thirty fecond Year of His prefent Maiefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 to render more effeSual an Ad made in toe Twenty fxth Tear of His prefent Majef/t Eeigny intituled An A3 for vejling certain Sums in Cornmi/fionert at the End of every Quarter of a Teary to be by them applied to the Redud'm of the National Debt, and to dire8 the Application of an additional Sum to the Rcdudton of the faid Debtt in cafe of future Loans } and the faid Commiflioners {hall from time to time apply the fame, and alfo the Dividends payable on any Stock redeemed or purchafed therewith, in the Purchafe of Capital Stock of the Public Annuities of Greet Britain bearing an Intereft of Three Pounds ptr Centum, in fuch manner as is direfted by any Aft or Afts now in force with refpeft to any other Sums iffued to the faid Commiflioners for the Reduction of thb National Debt; and all and every the Powers and Authorities, Regulations and Provifions contained in any* fuch Aft or Ads refpeft injr the Application of Monies iffued or placed to the Account of the mid Commiflioners, fhall be excercifed ant} applied and be in full force with refpeft to the Monies iffued or placed to the Account of t?he faid Commiflioners by virtue of this Aft, in fo far as the fame are applicable, and except where the fame are herein exprefsly varied, as fully as if the fame were particularly re-enafted herein.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That a feparate Account (hall be kept of the Amount of the Capital Stock of the Public Annuities of Great Britain bearing an Intereft of Three PoundsAer Centum9 purchafed or redeemed Dy the Operations of the faid Two feveral Sums of Fifty five thoufand four hundred and 'ten Pounds and Fifty £re thoufand four hundred and ten Pounds, and fuch other Sum or Sums of Money as from time to time may be paid into the Hands of the ftid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Ciftuer, On account of the Sinking Fund, for the Redemption of the faid Two feveral Capital Sums of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds fer Centum Annuities and One million four hundred thoufand Pounds

CaO-



A.D. i&i2.

^9

^2°GEO. IH.	C.	135.

ConfoHdated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and alfo of the Dividends payable out of any Stock redeemed or purchafed therewith 5 and whenever and fo foon as the Sum of Four millions four hun- When Stocks dred thoufand Pounds Capital Stock of the Public Annuities of Great aTC redeemed or Britain bearing an Intereft of Three Pounds per Centum, being the Purchafcd> P*X-Amount of the faid Two feveral Sums of Three millions Reduced mtnl*t0 cet Annuities and One million four hundred thoufand Pounds Confoli-dated Annuities, created by the faid Sum of Two millions five hundred thoufand Pounds, mall have been purchafed or redeemed by the Operation of the faid Two feveral Sums of Fifty five thoufand four hundred and ten Pounds and Fifty five thoufand four hundred and ten Pounds, and fuch other Sum or Sums of Money as may be paid on account of the faid Sinking Fund as hereinbefore mentioned, and of the Dividends payable on any Stock redeemed or pur-cbafed therewith ; then and from thenceforth the feveral Payments hereinbefore provided for the Intereft, Sinking Fund and Charges of Management thereof refpe&ively, (hall wholly ceafe and determine, and the faid United Company (hall be wholly acquitted from all future-Demands in refpeft thereof.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the fa«d United Com- In cafe of Failure

pany or their SucceiTors fhall make Failure in any of the Payments Payment ty hereby required and appointed to be made into the Hands of the	ho'T

faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or before

the refjpe&ive Days or times hereinbefore limited, that then, and from time to time as often as fuch cafe (hall fo happen, the Money whereof fuch Failure in Payment (hail be made, (hall and may be recovered to His Majesty*6 Ufe by A6fion of Debt or upon the Cafe,

BiH, Suit or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wcjlminjlcr% wherein no Efioign, Prote&ion, Privilege or Wager of Law fhall be allowed, or any more than One Imparlance; in which Aftion, Bill, Suit or Information, it (hall be lawful to declare that the faid United Company or their Succefiors are indebted to His Majesty in the Monies in which they have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of the Statute, and have not paid the fame, which (hall be fuffifcient; and in or upon fuch A&ion, Bill, Suit or Information, there (hall be further recovered to His Majesty’s Ufe, againft the faid United Company or their SucceiTors, Damages after the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the refpective Monies fo unpaid contrary to this A&, with full Cofts of Suit; and the faid United Company and their Succefiors, and all their Stock and Funds, and all other their Eftates and Property whatfoever and wherefoever ftiall be and are hereby made fubject and liable to the Payment of fuch Monies, Damages and Cofts.

XI.	And be it further enadted, That the feveral Sums of Money Payments payable or to be paid for the Intereft, Sinking Fund and Charges of Charge on Tw-Management of the faid feveral Sums of Three millions Reduced

Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and One million four hundred	al

thoufand Pounds Confolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities,

(hall be and be deemed and confidered to be a Charge upon the Revenues of the Territorial Acquifitions in the Eajl Indies, m like manner as if the Intereft payable in refped of the Indian Debts, which have been or may be dilicharged by means of the faid Principal Sum of Two millions five hundred thoufand Pounds had remained payable in the Eqft Indies ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid

United



Google

A-D.i8n.

C.135,13d.	52*GEO. IIL

Ptyroenti paid into Bank exempted from Property Duty.

United Company to caufe Funds for the Payment of fuch Intereft, Sinking Fund and Charges of Management, and all Sams of Money which they (hall have become liable to pay in refpeft thereof, to be appropriated and provided out of the Indian Revenues, and to be remitted to England in the fame Order of Preference in which the In-terefts on fuch Debts fo difeharged would have been payable if they had remained due and owing in the Eafl Indiet; any Law, Ufage or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XI I. And be it further enafted, That the Property Tax in refpefi of the Sums hereinbefore direfted or authorized to be paid into the Bank of England by the faid United Company, (hall not be paid or borne by the faid United Company, and the fame Sums of Money (hall be paid by the faid United Company without any Deduction or Abatement whatfoever in refpeft of the Property Tax or otherwife howfoever 5 but fuch Property Tax (hall be dedu&ed from the Dividends payable in refpeft of fuch Sums of Money, in fuch manner a the Property Tax in refpeft of any other Part of the Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities and Confolidated Three Pound* per Centum Bank Aunuities is or ought to be deduced and paid.

CAP. CXXXVI.

tO. 3. (I)c.

Direftor of Coal Yards to buy Coals at Prices •(•proved of by JLurd Lieutenant.

An A& to enable the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to regulate the Price of Coals to be bought for the Benefit of the Poor of the City of Dublin.	[ 18th July 1812.]

4 TT7 HE REAS by an Aft patted in the Parliament of Ireland, ia 4 VV the Firft Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled At 4 Aft to prevent the excejpve Price of Coals in the City of Dublin, it 4 was, amongft other things, enafted, that One or more Yard or Yards 4 (hould be taken at the Expence of the Public, for the Purpofeof 1 laying in a fufficient Quantity of Coals for fupplying the Jouroey-« men, Tradefmen and Manufafturers, and the Poor of the City of 4 Dublin, with Coals, in the manner and fubjeft to the Regulations

*	and Provifions thereinafter mentioned ; and that the faid Coals

*	(hould be bought in at the public Expence, when Coals (hould be

*	under Sixteen Shillings the Ton : And whereas the Price of Coals 4 in the City of Dublin has not for feveral Years lad paft been fo

*	low as Sixteen Shillings by the Ton Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the patting of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful for the Direftor or Superintendent of fuch Coal Yard from time to time, and at all times, to buy Coals for the Supply of every or any fuch Coal Yards, in manner in the faid Aft mentioned, at any Price or trices that (hall be approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being ; fuch Approbation to be fignified in Writing to fuch Direftor or Superintendent, previous to every fuch Purchafe, by the Chief Secretary, or in his Ab-fence by the Under Secretary for the Civil Department, and that fuch Coals (nail and may be afterwards fold in manner and under and fubjeft to the Regulations in the faid Aft mentioned.

4 II. And whereas fiuce the Encreafe in the Price of Coals many 4 large Quantities of Coals have from time to time been purebafed for

4 the

L^ooQle

A.D.i8i2.

52° GEO. ra.

c.136,137,

78t

*	the Ufe of fuch Coal Yards, at Prices exceeding the Rate fixed by 4 Law as aforefaid, and where fuch Purchafes were fairly made it is

*	reafonable that the Parties concerned (hould not fuffer thereby

Be it therefore enacted. That whenever the Commifiioners of Impreft Owmiffionet* Accounts in Ireland (hall be of Opinion that any fuch Purchafe hath of Impreft Ac-been fairly and bona fide made for the public Benefit, it (hall and may chareetM be lawful to and for the faid Commifiioners, and they are hereby re- for co^^t^Pur. quired to allow the fame in Account, and to admit the Price paid for chafes taiiiy fuch Coals as juft and fair Difcharges for and on Behalf of the .Di- made, re&or or Superintendent of fuch Coal Yards, or of any other PerfoQ or Perfons who fo paid the fame refpeftively.

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Aft for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by Way of Loan under an Aft, pa fled in the laft Seflion 01 Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to direft the Iflue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purpofes and in the Manner therein men* tioned.	faotli	July	1812.]

1 TT7HEREAS an Aft was palled in the Fifty firft Year of the 51 G.sse.i,r.

*	VV Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled Jin for enabling 4 His Majesty to direft the IJfue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Hmount,

4 for the Purpofes and in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas

*	Exchequer Bills were ifiued under the faid Aft, to certain Com-4 mifiioners therein named, and were by them advanced to Manufac-4 tnrers, Merchants and Perfons engaged in Trade, on certain Terms 4 and Conditions : And whereas Circumftances have occurred which 4 render it expedient to extend the time for the Repayment of the

*	Inllalments remaining due on the faid Loans of Exchequer Bills,

*	upon the Terms and Conditions hereinafter fpecified Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or perfons mav if* Perfons to whom any fuch Relief (hall have been granted under the ply to Commif-faid recited Aft, his, her or their Heirs, Executors and Adminif- <Ioner3 to hlve trators, and his, her or their Sureties, and who refpeftively (hall be defirous of enlarging or extending the time limited by the faid Aft exlehded for the Repayment of any Part of any Loan of fuch Exchequer Bills, who may extend to make Application to the Commifiioners named and appointed under it as fpedfied. the faid Aft, or fuch of them as (hall be ftill living, who are hereby nominated and appointed Commifiioners for executing this Aft, for any Enlargement or Extenflon of the times limited for fuch Repayment, not exceeding the times or the Proportions of any fuch Loan hereinafter fpecified ; and the faid Commifiioners are hereby authorized to enlarge and extend the time for the Repayment of any fuch Loan in the Proportions as to what may be due thereon, and for the times hereinafter fpecified, either upon the Obligation or Obligations,

Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties heretofore accepted aud made liable for Repayment of any fuch L^an, or any Interdl thereon, without any other or new Obligation, Deed or other Security or Agreement whatfoever, other than fucli Confent of Sureties as here* inaxter mentioned, or upon fuch other and new Security or Securities,

or



Google

AJ). itn.

fS2

C.I37.

Si*GEO. III.

Sureties willing to remain Jo for Repayment of Lonn at extended times, 'o figrvfy Confent to Secretary in Form in Schedule (A.)

Meetings of Commiffiooers.

Commiflioners nay grant to Perfons not pre-

o* other and new Surety or Snretiefe, either for the Whole of aoy fuch Loan, or for any feparate and diftinfct Part or Parts of any Lehr Loan, upon new and feparate and diftind Security or Securities, rther with the former Sureties, or feparate and new Sureties for each feparate and diftind Part of any fuch Loan, in Keu of any former Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, as to them the faid Commiffiooers (hall feem proper and neceffary ; and it (hall and may be lawful for the hid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized to require any new Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, whenever they (hall think the fame neceffary, and to cancel and annul any former Obligation or Obligations, Security or Securities, and to feparate and divide any fuch Loan or Loans, and to grant fuch Enlargement and Extenfion of time for each Part feparately of any Loan fo divided under this Ad, and to require and take feparate and diftind Securities for any fuch divided Part of fuch Loan ; and it (hall be lawful for the Laid Com-mi (Boners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they think neceffary, to require the Appearance of any Party or Parties in any fuch Loan, and to proceed to examine into and determree the Sufficiency of any fuch old or new Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, in like manner in every refped as they are empowered by the kid recited Ad to do with refped to any Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, to be propofea and given previous to the Advance or Iffue of any Exchequer Bills under the faid recited Ad.

II.	And be it further enadsd. That all and every Perfons and Per-fon liable as Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of any fuch Loin or Advance at the times limited by the faid hereinbefore mentioned Ad, and who (hall be willing to remain Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of fuch Loan or Advance, or of any Part or Proportion thereof, feparated and divided under this Ad as aforefaid, at fuch enlarged or extended time as (hall be granted under this Ad, fluU fignify their Confent to remain fuch Sureties or Surety, by fobferi-bing tbeir or his Names or Name to a Writing to be left with the Secretary of the faid Commiflioners for the time being, according to the Form in the Schedule in this Ad marked (A.), and every fock Confent fo fubferibed and delivered, (hall be binding upon the refpec-tire Sureties or Surety fo fignifying the fame, their, his or her Heir*, Executors or Adminiftrators, in like manner as fuch refpedive Surrtiei or Surety were or was, by the original Bonds or Bond entered into by them or him, bound for the Repayment of fuch Loan or Advance at the times thereby limited for the Repayment thereof.

III.	And be it further enaded, That within Seven Days after this Ad (hall have received the Royal Affent, the faid Commiffiooers, or any Three or more of them, (hall meet to receive, or to appoint a proper Perfon or Perfons to receive all fuch Applications in Writing as mall be made to them for fuch Enlargement or Extenfion of the times for the Repayment of the Amount of any fuch Loan of Exchequer Bills, and (hall alfb fix proper and convenient Days for the Purpofe of taking into Confederation all fuch Applications, and AaiA meet together for that Purpofe, and proceed to take into Confidera-tion all fuch Applications as (hall fpecify the times to which fuch Payments are required to be extender (not exceeding the Limits or Proportions hereinafter mentioned).

Iv. And be it further enaded. That in cafe any Perfons or Periioa making fuch Application to the faid Commiffioncrt* (hail be required



A.D. i8i«.

52°<OEO..HI.

C- < 37-

783

by the fyii Commilfioners to give any new Security or Securities, or pared to render to produce any new or other Surety qr Sureties, and (hall not previous new Securities to or upon any qf the faid Inftalmcnts becoming due and payable XusTo'lnltaf" under the faid recited Ad, be prepared to render fuch fufficient Sc- m°„ts becoming curityor Securities, or Sureties or Surety, as (hall by the faid Com- due, kc. further roiflipoers be deemed requifite ; or in cafe fuch.Perfon or Perfons (hall time, the Grant prove to the Satisfaction of fuch Commilfioners that by reafon of the which (hall Diftanceat which any Sureties or Surety are then redding, the Con- schwluleTB1) fent of fuch Sureties or Surety under this Ad cannot immediately be procured, it.(ball be lawful for the faid CommiffioDers, by Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, to grant to fuch Perfons or Perfon, fuch further time for the procuring and tendering	»

fuch Security or Securities, or procuring the Confent of any fuch Surety or Sureties, as they jn their Difcrction (hall think fit to allow, not exceeding the Period of One Month from the time of granting fuch further time as aforefaid ; and every Grant of fuch further time as aforefaid (hall be in the Form in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (B.) ; and in the mean time, and until the Expiration of the time fo allowed by the faid Commilfioners for the Purpofe aforefaid, fuch perfons refpedively (hall not.be deemed or taken to have made Default in Payment of fuch Ijnftalment of the faid Loan, under the (rid recited Ad, nor (hall any Procefs, Suit or other Proceeding, be	«

iffiied, .commenced or had, nor any Warrant fpr the fame granted againft the (aid Parties refpedively, or their Sureties or Surety, their Heirs, Executors or AdminHlrators, or upon or in refped of any Securities or Security, made, afiigned or depofited for the Purpofes in the faid Ad mentioned, or otherwife, for the Purpofe of recovering or compelling Payment of the faid Loan, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the Sureties now bound (halljcopfent to fuch Ex-tendon of time, and (hall in the mean time remain liable under their prefent Security.

V.	And he it further enaded, That, from -after the figning of fuch Content by fuch Sureties under the faid and the Depofit of futh further Security pr Securities, Surety or Sureties (where any fuch (hall be required by the faid Commiffiooers) it (hall be lawful for the .(rid Comcnidioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to grant apd allow in manner hereinfter mentioned, to fuch Parties refpedively,; fuch Enlargement or Extenfion of the times of Repay- ment of Loam ment of fuch Loan as they the faid Commilfioners (hall in their Dtf-cretion think proper. Regard being had by the faid Commilfioners as well to the Merits of the cafe of the Party fo applying, as to the Sufficiency of the Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, fo tendered by them, fo that the faid Loan be made payable in Proportions not lefs, and Periods not longer, than hereinafter particularly mentioned ; that is to fay. Ope Third Part of the faid Loan as remains unpaid, with Interest for the fame, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per .Annum % on the Firft Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and thirteenj One other Third Part thereof, with the like In-tereft for the fame, on the Firft Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen 3 and the remaining Third Part thereof, with	1

the like Intereft for the fame, on the Firft Day of AuguftQne thou-fand eight hundred and thirteen : And fuck Parties refpedively to whom the faid Cqnuniffioncrs (hall allow fuch Enlargement or Ex-tenfioaof the times of Payment of the faid Loan, (haS oat be deemed

or -	1

* ^.oogie

Provife.

After f|gning Confent by .original Sureties,7 kc CommifTioii-ei % may grant Extenfion of time of Repay-

7*4

A.D.iSit

Grant of Exteu-fion in Form in

Schedule (C.)

Previous to receiving Certificates of Eaten fioti of time, all Intereft due paid.

Remedies of recited or other for cora-pellin? Rtpayment of Loan, to continue.

Commiffioner* to have fame Powers as under recited ASts,

C.137.	52*	GEO. Ill,

or taken to have made Default in Payment of the faid Loan, in manner dir6ted by the faid recited Ada 5 nor fhall any Proofs, Suit or other Proceeding, be iffued, commenced or had, nor any Warrant for the fame granted againft the faid Parties refpeftirely, or their Sureties or Surety, their or any of their Heirs, Executors or Admi-niftr&tors, or upon or in refpeft of any Securities or Security made, afligned or depofited for the Purpofes in the faid Ad mentkmed, or otherwile, in order to recover or compel the Repayment of the faid Loan, or any Part thereof, until the Expiration of fuch enlarged or extended times a9 aforefaid, except in the cafes in the faid Ad fpe-erfied.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That in all cafes in which the fed Commiffioners fhall think fit to grant or allow any fuch Enlargement or Extenfion of time for the Repayment of any Proportion of any fuch Loan, they the faid Commiffioners fhall certify fuch their Allowance by a Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (C.), and luch Certificate (hall be delivered to the refpeftive Partin to whom fuch Extcrfion of time fhall be granted as aforefaid; and a Copy or Minute of all fuch Certificates (hail be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the faid Commiffioners for that Purpofe.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That all and every' Perfon and Perfons to whom fuch Enlargement or Extenfion of time for the Payment of any Part of any fuch Loan fhall be granted or allowed as aforefaid, fhall, previous to the receiving any fuch Certificate as aforefaid, pay or caufe to be paid to the faid Commiffionm, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they, or any Three or more of them, fhall appoint to receive the fame, all Intereft then due and payable on every fuch Loan at the time of granting any fuch Extenfion of rime as aforefaid.

VIIT. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That the (aid recited Aft, and all Remedies thereby provided for recovering or compelling the Repayment of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills ifTued ana advanced under the fame as aforefaid, or enforcing any fuch Security or Securities, or Proceeding againft any Surety or Sureties, fhall continue and be in full Force as againft all Perioos, and in all cafes where the time for Repayment fhaB not have bees charged and extended according to the Provifions of this Ad; and alfo againft all Perfons, and in refpeft of all Securities and Sureties, where any further time fhall have been allowed under the faid Ads or any or either of them, or this Aft, for the Payment of anyfsch Loan, or any Part of any fuch Loan, in like manner in every refpeft as if the Bonds, Mortgages, Obligations or other Securities given, or Sureties who fhall have become bound in refpeft of any Loan, for the Repayment whereof, or of any Part whereof any fuch further time fhall have been or fhall be granted in purfuance of this Aft, had been given, renewed and entered into, or fuch Sureties had become bound under this Aft, or original Bouds, Mortgages, Obligations, Securities or Sureties.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall have all fuch Powers and Authorities, with refpeft to any Parties applying for Relief under this Aft, and fhall have all fuch Remedies for the Purpofe of recovering or compelling Repayment of asy Loans or Advances already made, the times of Repayment of which

Z	have

VjOOQlC

A.D.i8i2.

52#geo. in.	cr.137.	785

have been or may be enlarged or extended by the Authority of thli

Aft, as are given to the faid Commiffioners, and provided by the faid recited Aft in refped of any fuch Loan, or of any Default in Repayment of any Loan made under the faid Ads.

X.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons con- Suretie* p*yin* fenting to remain Sureties or Surety for any Parties to whom fuch Loan to have Enlargement or Extenfion of the times of Repayment of any Loans fa,Tle^*n?ed.lc41 advanced to them as hereiubefore mentioned (hall be allowed, on be- or Co-Suretic#* * coming Sureties or Surety for any Perfbns or Perfon to whom any asunder recited fuch Loan (hall have been originally made by the Authority afore- Atfs; and Mort-faid, their or his Executors or Adminiftrators (hall pay or fatisfy fuch g»gei taken as Loan, or any Part thereof, or any Cods or Charges incurred in re-

covering or compelling Payment of any fuch Loan, or any Part thereof, fuch Sureties or Surety (hall have all fuch Remedies as burferaenu againft their or his Principals or Principal, or their or his Co-fureties or Co-furety (if any), as are provided by the faid recited Ad for the Benefit of the Sureties of the Perfons obtaining a Loan of Exchequer Bills under the faid Ad ; and moreover, all and every fuch Mortgages or Mortgage as (hall be accepted or taken by the faid Commiffioners, under the Authority of the laid Ad given to them for that Pur-pofe, as Securities or Security for any Loan or Advance heretofore made under the Authority of the faid Ads, (hall Rand and remain as Securities or a Security for the Re-imburfement to fuch Sureties re-fpedively, their Executors and Adminiftrators, of the Whole of any Sum or Sums of Money which (hall be paid and fatisfied by them as fuch Sureties, and (hall and may be enforced and rendered avoidable by and under the Authority of the faid Commiffioners, in like manner and with the fame Force and Effed as by the faid Ad is provided for the Purpofe of recovering Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money that (hall or may be advanced by the faid Commiffioners upon the Security of fuch Mortgage or Mortgages under and by virtue of the faid Ad. .	1

XI.	And be it further enaded, That all Mutters and Things, Three Commif-which the faid Commiffioners are hereby or by the faid recited Ad fioner* may a6t» required or empowered to do or execute, (hall and may be done and

executed by any Three or more of them 5 any thing herein or in the (aid former Ads contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enaded. That the Obligation to His Obligations take® Majesty, taken by the faid Commiffioners under this Ad, nor any p Commit-Confent figned by any Sureties or Surety for the Purpofes herein- iJbtemStsS before mentioned, nor any Promiflory Note to be given to the Secre- Duty. f tary of the faid Commiffioners, as a Security for the Repayment of

the Amount of any fuch Sum or Sums of Money as aforefaid, nor any Affidavit, Depofition or Receipt taken or made by virtue of this Ad, (hall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatfoever.

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

SCHEDULE (A.) whole Names are hereunto fubferibed, do hereby feverally and refpedively content and agree, That the Bonds already executed by tss under an Ad, palled in the Fifty firft Year of His prefect Majtfty1* Reign, intituled “ An Ad for enabling His

AD.iBit.

C.\yj.	52°GEO.	HI.

*( Majesty to dire& the Iffue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, 44 for the Purpofes and in manner therein mentioned,” a* Sureties for A *?. for the Repayment of a Loan of Exchequer Bills made to the faid A. B. under the faid Adi of the Fifty Em Year of His prefent Majesty*a Reign, (hall remain and continue.as a Security for Repayment of the faid Sum of	remaining	unpaid

on the Loan, with Intereft thereon, at the Rate of per Centum per Annum, at the extended Periods allowed to the faid by the CommiflioneFS under the {aid Ad: And we further confent and agree, that the faid CommifEontrs (hail rbe at Liberty to grant to the laid	the	faid

Exteofion of time for Payment, either upon the Security already received for the fame or other Security, as they in their Difcretion (hall think fit to accept, either for the Whole of the Money remaining due on the faid Loan, or upon fuch Loan feparated and divided intofuch Parts as (hall be allowed by the laid Commiffioners.

Dated the	Day	of

SCHEDULE (B.)

WE	Commiffioners under

an A A of Parliament, paffed in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled 44 An A& for .enabling His Majesty «* to direct the Iuue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for 44 the Purpofes and in Manner therein mentioned,” do hereby gnat to	until the

and no longer, for procuring and tendering to us good and fufficiest new Security or Securities, with Sureties [or, the Confent of Sureties of the (aid to remain anfwerable as fuen Sureties] under >an A&, paffed in the Fifty fecond Year of His prefect Majesty's Reign, intituled “ Ad A6t [here infert the Title of this Ad'] for the Repayment of the Sum of

with Infeereft, due on a Loan of Exchequer Bills made to the faid	under

the laid Add of the Fifty firft Year aforefaid ; and if the faid

does not produce the fame on or before the faid	Day of

the Securities already given and entered into by. the.faid

and his Sureties, will be.forthwith put an force for.recovering the Money due on the fakl;Loam.

Dated the	Day	of

SCHEDULE (C.)

WHEREAS the Sum of	wasadrinced

to	in	Exchequer	Bills,	on	certain	Conditions,

purfuant to an Adi, paffed in the Fifty firif/Y$ar ofthe Reyn of His prefent Maiefty, intituled 44 An A& for enabling His Majesty 44 to diredt the Iffue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for 14 the Purpofes ,aqd in manner therein mentioned And -whereas the faid	hath given Security, .with Sureties, purfuant

to the Directions of the faid A# of Parliament Trefpcdhng fu^h Relief as aforefcucj, for the.Repayment of xiye fajd -IfOaa*by certain ,	JnlUi-



A.D.i8i2.	52° GEO. III.	C.137,138.	787

Inftalments, payable at certain Periods in fuch Security [or, Securities] mentioned : And whereas the Sum of

dill remaius unpaid on the faid Loan : And whereas an Application has been made to us the faid Commillioners, for an Extenfion of the time for repaying fuch Loan: Now We, whofe Names are hereunto fubfcribed, being

of the Commiflioners under the faid Aft, do, in purfuaitce of the Diredions contained in an Ad, parted in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled u An Aft [here fet forth the Title of this yftf] certify, That we have granted and allowed fo the faid	the further time [orf

times] for Repayment of the Sum of	or

the	.	Inftalment	or Inftalments of the faid

Sum of	[0/	the	cafe may bc~] that is to fay

[recite the Times, and .SWr.]

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An Aft for the further Prevention of the counterfeiting of Silver Tokens iflued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and of Silver Pieces iflued and circulated by the faid Governor and Company, called Tokens; and for the further Prevention of Frauds praftifed by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the faid Governor and Company.	[20th July 1812.]

*	TY/'HEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of 4 \\ England have for the Convenience of the Public caufed to ‘ be coined or Ramped and circulated a large Quantity of Silver 4 Dollars, containing on the Obverfe Side thereof an Impreflion of

*	His Majeily’s Head, and the following Words and Letters, vide*

4 licet “ Georgius III. Dei Gratia Rex,” and on the Reverfe Side 4 thereof the Impreflion of Britannia, and the following Words and 4 Figures, videlicet “ Five Shillings Dollar Bank of England 1804:”

4 And whereas the faid Governor and Company, with the Approba-‘ tion of His Majesty’s Moft Honourable Privy Council, have alfo 4 iflued and circulated, for the Convenience of the Public, a Quantity 4 of Silver Pieces, denominated Tokens, for the refpeftive Sums of 1 Three Shillings, and One Shilling and Six pence, fuch Tokens ; for the Sum of Three Shillings containing on the Obverfe Side

thereof an Impreflion of His Majesty’s Head, and the following Words and Letters, videlicet “ Georgius III. Dei Gratia Rex,” and on the Reverfe Side thereof the following Words and Figures, videlicet u Bank Token, 3 Shill.” with the Addition of the, Year in which the fame were refpeftively made and ftamped ; and fuch Tokens for the Sum of One Shilling and Six pence, containing the fame Impreflion, Words and Letters on the Obverfe Side thereof, as upon the faid Token for Three Shillings, and on the Reverfe Side thereof the following Words and Figures, videlicet u Bank “ Token, is.frn.” with the Addition of the Year in which the fame were refpeftively coined or flammed ; And whereas the faid Governor and Company intend to ifiue and circulate other like Tokens for the refpeftive Sums of Three Shillings and One Shilling and Six pence : And whereas the Circulation of the faid Dol-52 G III.	3	E	•	larg



788

A.D.1S11.

Counterfeiting Bauk Tokens.

Tranfportitkm.

Putting off Counterfeit Tokens.

Firft Offence.

Second Offence.

Perfons guilty

difo»vrring Off. n lcr> not l' llile to Profe-lution.

C.138.	52°GEO. IIL

1 lars and Tokens has been of great public Utility, but many Inftances 1 have occurred in which the fame have been counterfeited, whereby

*	the Public have been greatly defrauded, and the Puniftiment in-

*	flidted upon Perfons convi&ed of counterfeiting and uttering the

*	fame has been found inadequate to prevent fuch Offences;’ For Remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the King’s Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembkd, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Perfon (hall, from and after the Firft Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, make, coin or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be made, coined or counterfeited, or willingly a& or affift in the making, coining or counterfeiting any Coin, Medal or Device whatfocrer, rcfembling or made with Intent to refemble, or look like the faid Dollars or Tokens, or any of them, or to pafs as fuch, every Perfon fo offending, and being thereof convi&ed by due Courfe of Law, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and (hall be tranf* ported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the Firft Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, if any Perfon fcaH utter, offer or tender in Payment, or fell or give in Exchange, or pay or put off to any Perfon or Perfons, any fuch falfe or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforefaid, knowing tk fame to be falfe or counterfeit, and fhall either on the fame Day or withiu the Space of Ten Days then next afterwards, utter, offeror tender in Payment, or fell' or give in Exchange, or pay or put off any more or other fuch falfe or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token pr Tokens, as aforefaid, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeit, to the fame Perfon or Perfons, or to any other Perfon or Perfons, or fhall at the time of fuch firft uttering, offering, tendering in Payment* felling or giving in Exchange, paying or putting off, hare in his or her Cuftody or Poffeffion, one or more fuch counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforefaid, or any Piece or Pieces of counterfeit Money whatfoever, befides what was or were (b uttered, offered, tendered in Payment, fold, given in Exchange, paid or pat off, then fuch Perfon fo uttering, offering, tendering in Payment, felling or giving in Exchange, paying or putting off the fame, (hall be deemed and taken to be a Common Utterer of fuch counterfeit Dollars or Tokens, and being thereof convi&ed (hall (offer One Year’s Imprifonment, and (hall find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for Two Years more, to be computed from the End of the faid Year; and if any Perfon having been Once fo convi&ed as a Common Utterer of fuch counterfeit Dollars or Tokens (hall after-wards again utter, offer or tender in Payment, fell or give in Exchange, pay or put off, any fuch falfe or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforefaid, to any Perfon or Perfons,knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeit, then fuch Perfon, being there-oi convicted, (hall, for fuch Second Offence, be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and fhall be tran(ported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

III.	And be it hereby further euafted. That if any Perfon, being out of Prifon, fhall, from and after the Firft Day of Augufi Oi: thoufand eight hundred and twelve, commit any of the Offences aforefaid, and fhall afterwards difeover Two or more Perfons who

(ball,



l.D.iSia.

78 9

52® GEO. lit

C. 138.

ball, after the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and welve, have committed any of the faid Offences, fo as fuch Two or nore Perfons (hall be thereof convi&ed, fuch Difcoverer (hall not •e fubjed or liable to Profecution for any of the faid Offences which le may have previoufly committed.

IV. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon (hall be con- Certificate of nded of uttering, offering, tendering in Payment, felling or giving Con vi a ion in n Exchange, paying or putting off any luch falfe or counterfeit ?lLer. Cou”ty r Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens as aforefaid, and fhall afterwards u clcnt ro° >e guilty of the like Offence in any other County, City, Diftrid or Place, the Clerk of the AHize or the Clerk of the Peace for the bounty, City, Diftrid or Place where fuch Convidion was fo had,

” tor or any other Perfon on His

y a Iranlcnpt in a few Words, ontaining the Effed and Tenor of fuch Convidion, for which Cer-iiicate Two Shillings and Six pence and no more (hall be paid, and Fee. uch Certificate being produced in Court, (hall be fufficient Proof of uch former Convidion.

* V. And whereas divers Frauds have been pradifed by making and publifhing Papers with certain Words and Charaders fo nearly refembling the Notes and Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as to appear to ignorant and unwary Per-fooB to be the Notes or Bills of the faid Governor and Company 'or the Prevention whereof, be it enaded, That if any Perfon, from Pgfoni en-ad after the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and 8ravinS Pl*te, welve, (hall engrave, cut, etch, fcrape, or by any other Means or ImPreffioa Device make, or (hall caufe or procure to be engraved, cut, etched, whfch TCm craped, or by any other Means or Device made, or (hall knowingly fembie Bank lid or affift in the engraving, cutting, etching, feraping, or by any Notes, or utter >ther Means or Device making, in or upon any Plate of Copper, a°y PaPer re-Brifs, Steel, Pewter, or of any other Metal or Mixture of Metals, fembl,ng Notes, >r upon Wood or any other Materials, or upon any Plate what-oever, any Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Charader or Cha-a&ers, the Imprefiion taken from which (hall refemble or be ap-iirently intended to refemble the Whole or any Part of any of the NIotes or Bills of the faid Governor and Company commonly called Bank Notes and Bank Pod Bills, or (hall contain any Word, Number,

Figure or Charader in White on a black, fable or dark Ground, rithout an Authority in Writing for that Purpofe from the faid Groveraor and Company, to be produced and proved by the Party iccufed, or (hall (without fuch Authority as aforefaid) ufe any fuca Plate, Wood or other Material fo engraved, cut, etched, feraped,

)r by any other Means or Device made, or (hall ufe any other ln-Irument or Device for the making or printing upon any Paper or )ther Material, any Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Charader >r Charaders, which (hall be apparently intended to refemble the Whole or any Part of any of the faid Notes or Bills of the faid Governor and Company, or any Word, Number, Figure or Charader in White on a black, fable or dark Ground; or if any Perfon or Perfons (ball, from and after the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, (without fuch Authority as iforeiaid) knowingly have in his, her or their Cuftody, any fuch Plate, Inftrument or Device, or fhall knowingly and wilfully utter, publifh or difpofe of or put away any Paper or other Material con-

3 E 2



taining

(google •

7j>o

A.D.i8u-

Tnufjxjrt.idon.

To wlut Paper »ti not to a|iply.

Duties on Stone Betties.

Danes.

Duties for greater or left Qu»*iry than ■a Cart.

<1.138, l39m	5rGEO.ni.

taming any fuch Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Charafter or Charaders as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly or wittingly hw is his, her or their Cuftody or Pofieflion, any Paper or other Material containing any fuch Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Chanderor Chara&ers as aforefaid, (without lawful Excufe, the Proof whereof fhall lie upon the Perfon accufed) every Perfon fo offending in any of the cafes aTorefaid, and being convi&ed thereof according to Law, (hall be adjudged a Felon, and fhall be tranfported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

VI. Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained fhall apply to any Paper or Writing whatfoever (other than Papers or Writings refembling fuch Notes or Bills as aforefaid) containing an Impreflion from any Plate or Plates, or other Device whatfoever, with White Letters upon black, fable or dark Ground, which fhall previous to the palling of this Ad have been ia the Cuftody of any Perfon or Pcrfons whatfoever.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Ad for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Stone Bottles made in or- imported into Great Britain.

[22d July 1812.}

Moll Graeious Sovereign,

TTy E Your Majesty moil dutiful and loyal Subjeds the Com-VV mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irtlml in Parliament affetnbled, thinking it expedient to grant the Duties hereinafter mentioned towards railing the necefTary Supplies to defray Your Majetty’s Public Expenccs, and making an Addition to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, do mod humbly befeech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pitfeot Parliament affcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Fir ft Day of September One thoufand eight hundred aed twelve, there fhall be raifed, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, the feveral Duties of Excife hereinafter mentioned, for and in refped of Stone Bottles; that is to fay.

For every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles not exceeding Two

Buarts Meafure made in Ireland, and imported from thence into reat Britain, a countervailing Duty of Excife of Two Shillings aud Six pence:

For every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Meafure imported from any other Place beyond the Seas, an Excife Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence:

And for every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Meafure made m Great Britain, Two Shillings and Six pence,

II. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Duties, and alfo the Drawbacks granted by this Adfc, (hall in every cafe beunderftood end deempd and taken to apply in the fame Proportion and after the fame Rate to any greater or left Quantity than a Hundred Weight jit Stone Bottles.



III. And

Google

A.D. 1812.

52° GEO. IIL

C.139.

791

III. And be it farther enadled, That within Twenty Days next Importers of after the Mailer or Purfer for that Voyage of the Ship or Veflel Stone Bottles to wherein any fuch Stone Bottles (hall be imported or brought into roake £ntjry* Great Britain, fhall have or ought to have made a juft and true Entry or Report upon Oath of the Burthen, Contents and Lading of fuch Ship or Veflel, in purfuance of the Diredlions of an Adt made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles 14 Car.*, the Second, intituled An Act far preventing Frauds and regulating C*IX’

Abufes in His Majesty't Cujloms, the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Coniignee or Confignees of any fuch Stone Bottles, fhall make due Entry with the Collector of Excife in the Port or Place where fuch Stone Bottles (hall be fo imported, of all fuch Stone Bottles on board of fuch Ship or Veffel belorging to fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Confignee or Conlignees, and (ball then and before the landing of any luch Stone Bottles fatisfy and pay the Duty by this Adi impofed for or in refpedt thereof, and fhall alfo within luch Twenty Days land all fuch Stone Bottles, on Pain to forfeit for every Neglect or Refufal Penahy. to make due Entry of fuch Stone Bottles, or to pay the Duty for or in refpedt thereof, or to land the fame according to the Directions of this Adi, all fuch Stone Bottles on board fuch Ship or Veflel belonging to fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers,

Confignee or Confignees of the fame, fo neglecting or refuting, and which fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

IV.	And be it further enadied, That all and every Maker and Maker* of Stone Makers of Stone Bottles, before he, fhe or they flullprefume or make Bottles to make or manufadlnre any Stone Bottles, Hull make a true and particular	Pre-

Entry in Writing of every Houfe, Workhoufe, Miithoufe, Ware-houfe. Shed, Shop, Room and Place by him, her or them refpec-tively made ufe of or intended to be made ufe of for or in the wetting, foftening, grinding, preparing, mixing or keeping of any Clay, Earth or other Material or Materials commonly uled or employed, or lit or proper to be made life of or employed for or in the making or manufacturing of Stone Bottles, or for or in the making or manufadluring, hardening, drying, baking, burning or laying or keeping of any fuch Bottles at the Office of Excife, within the Compafs or Limits-whereof fuch Houfe, Workhoufe, Millhoufe, Warehoufe, Shed, Shop,

Room or Place refpcdtively fhall be fituate; and all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles ffyall alfo make a true and particular Entry in Writing of every Cone, Kiln, Stove, Vat, Ciftern,

Mill, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement. Veflel or Utenfil by him/her or them kept or made ufe of, or intended to be made ufe of for or in the making, manufadluring, turning, hardening, drying, baking or burning of any fuch Bottles at the Office of Excife, within the Compafs or Limits whereof fuch Cone, Kiln, Stove, Oven, Vat,

Ciftern, Mill, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Veflel or Utcnfd refpedlively (hall be fituUe, kept or made ufe of refpec-tively; and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles flu1! make ufe Not making of any Houfe, Workhoufe, Millhoufe, Warehoufe, Shed, Shop, Entry. , Rodm or Place for or in the wetting, loftening, grinding, preparing, mixing or keeping of any Clay, Earth or other Material or Material* commonly ufed qr employed or fit or proper to be made ufe of or employed for or in the making or manufadluring of Stone Bot-tjes, or for or in the leaking, manufadluring, hardening

AD.i8i2.

Penalty.'

Duties under

Commiffioners of Excife.

Officers to enter Premtfes of Makers of Stone Bottles and uke Account of Weight, &c.

Notice given to Officers before putting of Stone Bottles into Kilns, &c.

)

C.13;.	52°	GEO. IIL

baking, burning, laying or keeping of any fuch Bottles without having made thereof fuch Entry as in that Behalf aforefaid, or (hall make ufe of any Cone, Kiln, Stove, Oven, Vat, Cittern, MSB, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Veffel or Utenfil for or in the making, manufa&uring, turning, hardening, drying, baking, bare* ing or glazing of any Stone Bottles without having made thereof fuch Entry as in that Behalf aforefaid, the Maker or Makers fo offending (nail, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all the Stone Bottles and other Material and Materials aforefaid, which (hall at any time be found in any fuch Houfe, Workhoufe, Millhoufe, Warehoufe, Shed, Shop, Room or Place, or in or on any fuch Cone, Kiln, Stove, Oven, Vat, Cittern, VefTel or Utenfil refpe&ively, whereof no fuch Entry as is in that Behalf aforefaid (hall be m^de, and the fame fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

V.	And be it further enaaed. That fuch of the Duties by this Adi impofed as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called England, (hall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Excne in England for the time being ; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that Part of Greqt Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excife, or any or either of them, from time to time, and at all times between the Hours of Five in the Morning and Eleven at Night, without the Prefence of a Conftable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, and between the Hours of Eleven at Night and Five in the Morning, then in the Prefence of a Conftable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every the Houfes, Workboufes, Millhoufes, Warehoufes, Sheds, Shops, Rooms and other Places entered or made ufe of by any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles for or in the making, manufaduring, hardening, drying, baking, burning, laying or keeping of any Stone Bottles, or for or in the wetting, loftening, grinding, preparing or keeping of any Clay, Earth or other Material or Materials commonly ufed or employed, or fit or proper to be made ufe of or employed in the making or manufa&uring of Stone Bottles, and by weighing, tale or otnerwife, as to fuch Officer or Officers (hall feem meet, to take an Account of the Weights, Kinds and Quantities of the Stone Bottles which (hall have been made, manufa&ured, hardened, dried, baked, burnt or be found in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of fuch Maker of Stone Bottles from time to time.

VII.	And be it further ena&cd, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles being defirous to put or depofit any Stone Bottles in any Kiln, Stove or Oven for the Purpofe of baking or burning the fame, (hall by the Space of Six Hours next before the Beginning to put or depofit any fuch Stone Bottles into or in any fuch Kiln, Stove or Oven, give to the Officer of Excife under whole Survey he, (he or they (hall then be, a1 Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention fo to do, fpecifying in fuch Notice the particular Kiln, Stove or Oven into or in which fuch Stone Bottles are intended to be put or depofited, and the particular Time and Hour at which it is intended fo to put or depofit the fame ; and if any fuch Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles (hall neglett or refufe to begin to put and depofit fuch Stone Bottles fpecificd in fuch Notice in the KjJb,

Store

v^.ooQle

A.D.iSu.

793

520 GEO. III.	C.139.

Stove or Oven alfo fpecificd in fuch Notice within One Hour after the time therein in that Behalf mentioned, then fuch Notice (hall be void, and fuch Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles (hall give the like and a frefli Notice in Writing to fuch Officer before he, (he or they (hall put or depofit any Stone Bottles in any fuch Kiln, Stove or *

Oven 5 and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles (hall put or depoiit any Stone Bottles into or in any Kiln, Stove or Oven without having given fuch previous Notice as in that Behalf aforefaid, he,

(he or they (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Penalry. Pounds.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That before any Maker or Ma- Declaration of kers of Stone Bottles (hall begin to clofe or flop up any Kiln, Stove Number, Sue, or Oven containing any Stone Bottles, he, (he or they (hall deliver Stone to the proper Officer of Excife a Declaration in Writing, fpecifying

the true Numbers of the Stone Bottles of each particular Size, Sort, Hopping up Kiln, Kind or Denomination ; that is to fay, the Names by which the Stone &c.

Bottles of each particular Sort or Kind are commonly called or known, with the reputed Meafure of fuch Stone Bottles of each particular Size, and the Number thereof refpe&ively put, laid or de-pofited and contained in each and every fuch Kiln, Stove and Oven refpe&ively 5 and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles (hall negledf or refufc to deliver fuch Declaration, every fuch Maker or Makers fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always nevertheiefs, Penalty, that no* Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles (hall incur or be liable to the faid laft mentioned Penalty for or by rcafon of any Declaration by him, her or them delivered, as and for fuch Declaration as aforefaid, not fpecifying the true Numbers of the Stone Bottles of any particular Size, Sort, Kind or Denomination refpe&ively laid, put, placed or depofited and contained in any fuch Kiln, Stove or Oven, provided the Number of the Stone Bottles of that particular Kind or Denomination refpe&ively fpecified in fuch Declaration fo delivered (hall not vary more than at and after the Rate of Five per Centum from the true Numbers of the Stone Bottles of fuch particular Size, Sort or Kind refpe&ively laid, put, placed or deposited and contained in fuch Kiln, Stove or Oven; any thing in this A& contained to the contrary in any wife not with (landing.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That when any Maker or Makers Makers to give of Stone Bottles (hall be defirous to prepare, light or kindle any Fire Notice for light-to heat his, her or their Kiln, Stove or Oven into which any Stone in5 F*r«toheat Bottles are intended to be put or depofited for the Purpofe of bak- Kllns>&c* ing or burning the fame, fuch Maker or Makers (hall give to the

Officer of Excife under whofe Survey he, (he or they (hall then be.

Six Hours Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention fo to do :

Provided always nevertheiefs, that no Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles (hall be at Liberty to light or kindle any Fire for the Pur-pofe aforefaid, or to heat any fuch Kiln, Stove or Oven for that or any other Purpofe till after the Expiration of One Hour, to be computed and reckoned from the time when the putting or depofiting of the Stone Bottles (hall be (jnifhcd ; and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles (hall light or kindle any Fire for the Purpofe aforefaid, or to heat any fuch Kiln, Stove or Oven, for that or any other Purpofe till after the Expiration of One Hour, to be computed and reckoned as aforefaid, the Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles fo offend**

3 E 4	ing

[ gitized by

Google

794

A.D.i8i

Penalty.

Frefli Notice.

Penalty.

Makers to provide Weighing Room.

Makers required to keep Scales and Weights,&c.

Penalty.

Falfe Scales, &c.

Penalty,

Makers to give Notice to Officer before drawing any Stone Bottles from Kiln, 4c.

C.139.	5 2° GEO. III.

ing (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lode the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any fuch Maker or Makers of Stone Bottle# (hall negled or refufe to prepare, light and kindle fuch Yire within One Hour after the time mentioned, then fuch Notice (hall he void, and fuch Maker or Makers (hall give the like and a freffi Notice m Writing to fuch Officer before he, (he or they (hall prepare, kindle or light, any Fire in or under any fuch Kiln, Stove or Oven ; and if any fuch Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles ihall light or kindle a Fire in any fuch Kiln, Stove or Oven, without having given fuch previous Notice as aforefaid, he, (he or they (ball, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

X.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles (hall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required, at his and their own Expences, to find and provide, or ered, build, make and conffrud a good, fufficient and cooveniest weighing Room in or adjoining to each Kiln, Stove and Oven by hi®, her or them made ufc of for tne burning of Stone Bottles.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles (hall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to keep fufficient and juff Scales and Weights at the Place or Places where he, (he or they (hall make or manufadure Stone Bot-ties, and alfo permit and fuffer any Officer pr Officers of Excife toufe the fame for the Purpofeof weighing and taking an Account of, aud reweighing, the Stone Bottles which (hall at any time be made or manufactured by or be in the Poffeffion of fuch Maker or Makers; and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles (hall neglect to keep fuch Scales and Weights or either of them, or (hall not permit or fuffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to ufe the fame, or any of them, fuch Maker or Makers (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; aud if any* fuch Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles (hall in the weighing or reweighing of any Stone Bottles make ufe of, or caufe or procure or fuffer to be made ufe of any falfe, uujuit or in fufficient Scales or Weights, or (kail pradife any Art, Device or Contrivance by which any fuch Officer (hall or may he prevented or hindered from or delayed in taking the jull and true Weight of any fuch Stone Bottles, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Maker or Makers (ball, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and all fuch falfe, unjufi or inefficient Scales and Weights refpedively, and the (ame (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Maker sod Makers of Stone Bottles being defirous to draw or take any Stooc Bottles from or out of any Kiln, Stove or Oveu to him, her or them belonging, (hall by the Space of Twelve Hours next before the beginning to draw or take any fuch Stone Bottles from or out of any fuch Kiln, Stove or Oven given to the Officer of Exdfe under whofe Survey he, (he or they (hall then be, a Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention fo to do, fpecifying the pirticular Kiln, Stove or Oven from or out of which fuch Stone Bottles art in* tended to be drawn or taken, and the particular Time and Hour at which it is intended to be given, to draw or take the fame from or out of fuch Kiln, Stove or Oven ; and if auy Officer or Officers of Excife (hall attend at the time mentioned in fuch Notice, fuch Maker or Makers (hall, when and fo fdbn as fuch Officer or Officers (hall

v^ooQle

A.D.1812,

795

520 GEO. III.	C. r	39.

fo attend, immediately and with a proper and fuflBcient Number of his, her and tbeir Workmen or others begin to draw and take fuch Stone Bottles from and out of fuch Kiln, Stove or Oven, and (hall without any unneceflary Delay or Interruption, and with all due Diligence and Difpatch, and with a proper and fufficient Number of his, her or their Workmen or Servants, proceed and continue in fuch drawing and taking of fuch Stone Bottles from and out of fuch Kiln, Stove or Oven, until the whole of fuch Stoue Bottles Ihall be drawn and taken from and out of fuch Kiln, Stove or Oven refpe&ively ; and all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles Stone Bottles ihall, when and fo foon as any Stone Bottles not exceeding Two wlle« drawn Quarts Meafure (hall be drawn or taken from or out of his, her or fjrnjje??d *beir Kiln, Stove or Oven, remove, carry and convey, or caufe the an(J fnfpeeted0"1 fame and every Part thereof to be removed, carried and conveyed weighed, dire&ly into the faid weighing Room, and (hall forthwith lay, place, put and depofit, or caufe or procure the fame and every Part thereof to be laid, put, placed or depofited in the faid weighing Room, and ihall forthwith lav, put and place the fame in the faid weighing Room, in fuch Manner and Form that all the faid lad mentioned Stone Bottles may, fo far as the nature of the cafe will admit, be the rood eafily and fatisfa&orily viewed, infpe&ed and examined, and the lumbers of the feveral Sizes, Sorts, Kinds and Denominations of fuch lad mentioned Stone Bottles refpe&ively be judged of and afcertained by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and fuch Maker or Makers (hall immediately on the whole of fuch lad mentioned Stone Bottles being fo removed, carried and.conveyed into the faid weighing Room, and put and placed as aforefaid, and if the proper Officer or Officers of Excife (hall then be in Attendance, and if not, then on being required by fuch Officer or Officers fo to do, proceed to weigh, and (hall weigh the whole and every Part of fuch lad mentioned Stone Bottles in the faid weighing Room with fuch Scales and Weights as aforefaid, in the Pretence of fuch Officer; and fuch Maker or Makers (hall be charged with and pay the Duty for and in refpect of all fuch lad mentioned Stone Bottles as are uubroken, according to fuch Weight; and if any fuch Maker or Makers having Makers given fuch Notice, and begun to draw or take any fuch Stone Bottles negU^ing. from or out of his, her or their Kiln, Stove or Oven, (hall not, if any Officer or Officers of Excife (hall fo attend at the Time (periled in fuch Notice, without any unneceflary Delay or Interruption, and with all due Diligence and Difpatch, and with a proper and fufficient Number of his, her or their Workmen or Servants, proceed and continue in fuch drawing and taking of fuch Stone Bottles from and out of fuch Kiln, Stove or Oven until the whole of fuch Stone Bottles (hall be drawn and taken from and out of fuch Kiln, Stove or Oven refpe&ively ; or if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles (hall not, as bis, her or their Stone Bottles not exceediug Two Quarts Meafure (hall be drawn or taken from or out of his, her or their Kiln, Stove or Oven refpe6tively, remove, carry and convey the fame and every Part thereof, or caufe the fame and every Part thereof to be removed, carried and conveyed dire6Uy into the faid weighing Room, or (hall not lay, put, place and depofit, or caufe or procure the fame or any Part thereof to be laid, put, placed or depofited in the faid weighing Room, or (hall not forthwith lay, put and place (he faipe or ^ny fart thereof iu the faid weighing Room in fuch Manner

LjOoq le

A.D.i8n.

796	0.139.	52°	GEO.	III.



Notice give* fur Driwrqg ic&ulatd.

ADotrimtfor

Tui u i Scale.

Scone Bottles

dar^e^ with Ehitv as loon » baked.

ONI rutting Officers*

Penalty.

Scene Bottles re-weighed and Makers OmU not remove them from Weighing Room for Six Hoars.

ner anti Form as is hereinbefore m that Behalf dire&ed aid required, or if fuch Maker or Makers (hall not proceed to weigh, end weigh the Whole and every Part of fuch lad mentioned Stone Bottles as hereinbefore in that Behalf directed and required, every fuch Maker and Makers fo offending (hall forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottks flail neglect or refufe to begin to draw or take his, her or their Stone Bottles from er out of his, her or their Kiln, Stove or Oven immedi. ately at the time mentioned in fuch Notice, or within One Hour after that time, fuch Notice (hall be void, and fuch Maker or Makers fhall give the like and a frefh Notice in Writing to fuch Officer: Provided always, that no Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles (hall be at Liberty to give any fuch Notice to draw or take any Stone Bot-ties from or out of any Kiln, Stove or Oven to him, her or them belonging, except in the Day time, and that between the Honrs of Six in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon, and that every Notice given for the drawing or taking any fuch Stone Bottles from or oat of any Kiln, Stove or Oven at any Hour or Time other than in the Day-time, and that between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon, (hall and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes wbatfoever.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be k further eoa&ed. That in the weighing as aforefaid of any fuch Stone Bottles the Turn of the Scale (hail be given in Favour of the Crown, and in lieu thereof there (hall be allowed to fuch Maker and Makers One Pound Weight upon each and every One hundred Pounds of fuch Stone Bottks fo weighed.

XIV.	And be it farther ena&ed. That all Stone Bottles chargeable with the faid Duties by this Aft impofed, or any of them, (hall be from time to time weighed, taken an Account of, and Charged with the faid Duties by the proper Officer of Exdfe when and lo foon as the fame fhall be baked or burned ; and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles, or his, her or their Workmen or Servants, or other Perfon or Perfons, (hall moled, hinder or obftrad any Officer of Excife in weighing or taking an Account of fuch Stone Bottles, he, (he or they mail, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles, whofe Stone Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Meafure (hall have been weighed by any Officer or Officers of Excife, (hall, for the full Space of Six Hours after the fame (hall have been fo weighed, keep and continue fuck Stone Bottks ia the faid weighing Room, and in the fame State and Pofition in which the fame were left by the furveying Officer unlefs the fame (hall hare been fooner reweighed by the refpedive Surveyors or Surpenrifors of Excife, to the End that the faid Surveyors or Supervifors refpe&ively may have an Opportunity to weigh or reweigh the fame; and chi faid refpe&ive Surveyors or Supervifors are hereby authorized and empowered to weigh or reweigh all fuch Stone Bottles, and if spoil the Re weighing thereof any additional Weight (hall be difeoreted or found, fuch additional Weight of Stone Bottles fhall be chargeable and charged with the refpedtive Duties by this A& impofed for fuch Stone Bottles refpeftiveiy ; and if any fuch Maker 01 Makers ihall flegledPor refufe lo to keep or continue any fuch Stone Bottles which

(Lill



797

52° GEO. Ill*	C139*

(hall have been weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, or (hall remove or convey, or cauie or procure or fuffer to be removed or conveyed from or out of fuch weighing Room as aforefaid, any Stone Bottles before the End or Expiration of Six Hours next after the fame (hall have been fo weighed as aforefaid by the proper Officer of Excife, unlefs the fame (hall have been fooner reweighed by the refpe&ive Surveyors or Supervifors of Excife, the Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit Penalty, and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Maker and Makers,

Makers of Stone Bottles (hall, and fo often as he, (he or they (hall	m

be thereunto required by the Officer or Officers of Excife under We* ,D** whofe Survey he, (he or they (hall then be, or by the refpe&ive Surveyor or Surveyors, or Supervifor or Supervifors of Excife, with a

proper and fufficient Number of his, her or their Workmen or Servants, aid and affift to the utmoft of hit, her or their Power fuch Officer or Officers, or Surveyor or Surveyors, or Supervifor or Supervifors in weighing and taking an Account, or in reweighing and taking an Account of all Stone Bottles of fuch Maker or Makers, on Pain of forfeiting for every Negle& or Refufal the Sum of One penally, hundred Pounds.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Maker or Makers Maker* remote of Stone Bottles (hall convey away Stone Bottle or Stone Bottles ing Bottles from not exceeding Two Quarts Meafure from any Kiln, Stove or Oven Kil ’*,&c. be-before the proper Officer of Excife (hall have weighed the fame, or fore wel6hcd* (hall negle& or refufe to produce any fuch Stone Bottles to fuch

Officer that he may weigh the fame according to the Dire&ions of this A&, or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall fraudulently depofit, hide or conceal any fuch Stone Bottle or Stone Bottles with Intent to defraud His Majesty of any of the Duties by this A& impofed, all and every fuch Maker or Makers or other Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Maker and Stone Bottles Makers of Stone'Bottles (hall from time to time and at all times keep

all Stone Bottles in his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion, and which kept ^P*1*1*0

(hall not have been weighed by the Officer of Excife according to

the Dire&ions of this A&, feparate and apart from all Stone Bottles

which (hall have been weighed by fuch Officer or Officers* upon Pain

•f forfeiting for every Fuch Offence the Sum of One hundred Penalty.

Pounds.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That all and every Maker and Maker*to make

Makers of Stone Bottles (hall once in every Six Weeks make a true Entry ****1Six Entry in Writing at the Office of Excife within the Limits whereof	of	Slone

fuch Stone Bottles (hall be made or manufa&ured of all the Stone m^ufcaured. Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Meafure by him, her or them

made or manufa&ured within (uch Six Weeks refpe&ively, and fuch Entries (hall contain the true Numbers and Sorts or Kinds of the faid Stone Bottles, with the reputed Meafures of each particular Sort,

Kind or Denomination of fuch Stone Bottles, with the aggregate Weight of the total Number of fuch Stone Bottles of each fuch Sort*

Kind or Denomination by fuch Maker or Makers fo made of manfr* factured within fuch Six Weeks, on Pain of forfeiting for every Negle& to make fuch Entry the Sum of One hundred Ponrnds 5 Penalty.

which



Google

AJD. 18a

Provifo,

Maker* to c1e*r off Duties within Six Weeks after time of Entry.

Penalty.

Officers may uke Samples of Stone Bottles.

Penalty Stone Bottles concealed forfeited with Package, See.

Penalty.

Sufpe&ed Places torched.

C. 139*	$2*	GEO.	IIL

which Entry (hall be verified upon Oath by the Maker or Makers by or for whom fuch Stone Bottles refpedively (hall 1 we been made or manufactured, or his, her or their Chief Workman or Servant employed in making or manufacturing the fame: Provided always aever-thelefs, that no fuch Maker or Makers (hall be obliged to go further than the Market Town next to the Place where fuch Stone Bottles refpeCtiveiy (hall be made for the making of any fuch Entry as afore-faid ; which Oath* (hall and may be adminiftered by the propeT Collector, Surveyor or Supervifor of Excife without any Fee or Charge for adminiltering the fame.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Maker sod

Makers of Stone Bottles (hall from time to time within Six Weeks after he, (he or they (hall make or ought to have made fuch Entry of fuch Stone Bottles refpeCtiveiy by him, her or them made or manufactured as aforefaid, pay and clear off all the Duties of £xdk for all fuch Stone Bottles by or for him, her or them refpe&ively made or manufactured, upon Pain of forfeiting Double the Amount of fuch Duties.	*

XXI.	And be it further enaCted, That^it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Offio <■» t^txcife, and all fuch Office* are hereby authorized and empowenJto take at any time or tones a Sample or Samples of any Stone Dottles or other Eanhca Ware, either baked or unbaked, or burnt or unburnt, at any time ia the Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles, paying for the fame, if demanded, the Value or wholefale Price thereof; and in cafe any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles (hall refufe to permit any fuch Officer or Officers to take fuch Sample or Samples as aforefaid, upon his, her or their tendering fuch Price for the feme (if demanded) fuch Maker or Makers fo offending (hall, for each sod every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Stone Bottles (hall be depofited, hid or conceakd in any Place or Places whatfoever, with an Intent to defraud His Majesty of any of the Duties by this Ad impofed, all fuch Stone Bottles (hall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame refpeCtiveiy, and the fame refpeCtiveiy (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excite, and the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Cuftody or Pofleffion the fame (hall be found (hall forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and, the better to enable fuph Officer or Officers to difeover fuch Stone Bottles fo forfeited, if any fuch Officer or Officers (hall have Caufe to fufped that any fuch Stone Bottles (hall be fo depofited, hid or concealed in any Place Or Places whatfoever, then and in every fuch cafe, if fuch Place or Places (hall be within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, upon Oath made by fuch Officer or Officers before the Commiffioners of Excife in England for the time being, or any Two or more of them, or before One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty where foch Place or Places (hail be in any Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by fuch Officer or Officers before fuch Juflice or Judices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Shire, Divifion or Place where fuch Officer or Officers (hall fufped the fame to be depofited, hid or concealed, fetting forth the Ground of his or their Sufpiciou, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, or any Two or more of them, or the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace refpec-

7	tire/y,



5 2" GEO. HI,

C. 139.	799

tively, as the cafe may require, before whom fuch Oath (hall be made, if he or they (hall judge it reafonaWe, by fpecial Warrant or Warrants under his and their refpective Hands and Seals to authorize and empower fuch Officer or Officers by Day or by Night (but if in the Night, then in the Prefence of a Conftable or other lawful Officer of the Peace) to enter into all and every fuch Place and Places where he or they (hall fo fufpeft fuch Stone Bottles to be fo depofited, hid or concealed, and to feize and carry away all fuch Stone Bottles which he or they (hall then and there find fo forfeited, together with the Packages containing tin; fame.

XXIII.	And be it further enaftcd, That if any Maker or Makers Maker* making of Stone Bottles (hall for the making, manufacturing, hardening, u,le of concealed drying, baking, burning, laying or keeping of any Stone Bottles,

make ufe of any private or concealed Cone, Kiln, Stove or Oven, or any private or concealed Vat, Cittern, Mill, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Utenfil or Place whatsoever, other than his, her or their known Cone or Cones, Kiln or Kilns, Stove or Stoves, Oven or Ovens, Vat or Vats, Cittern or Citterns, Mill or Mills, Lathe or Lathes, Trundle or Trundles, or other Machine or Machines, Implement or Implements, Veflel or Veffels, Utenfil or Utenfils, or Place or Places entered for that Purpofe, all and every fuch Maker or Makers (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That every Bottle made of Stone Bottle* Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay, the Mouth or Orifice deferibed. of which (hall not exceed in Diameter the Diameter of the Neck

thereof by more than One Quarter of an Inch, and which (hall not exceed Two Quarts in Meafure, and.no other, (hall be deemed and taken to be a Stone Bottle within the Meaning of this Aft.

XXV.	And be it further enaftcd, That upon the Exportation of Drawback al-any Stone Bottles made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and ira- !^^onExpo,^f ported into Great Britain, for and in refpeft whereof the Duties by

this Aft impofed (hall have been paid, to any Port or Place beyond

the Seas, except the Iflands of Faro and Ferrof under and fubjeft to

the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Provifions for or in refpeft

of the Exportation of Glafs, in order to obtain the Drawback, fo far

as the fame can or may be applied thereto, contained, provided,

fettled or eftablifhed in and by an AH made in the Twenty fixth 26 G. 3. c. 77*

Year of the Reign of His prefen t Majesty King George the Third,

among other things u for the Amendment of feveral Laws relating

c‘ to the Duties under the Management of the Commiflioners of

Excife,” there (hall be paid and allowed an Excife Drawback of Two Shillings and Six pence for every Hundred Weight, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity of fuch Stone Bottles ; and all and fingular the faid Rules, Regulations, Rettriftions and Provifions (hall be ufed, applied and put in Execution for and in refpeft of any fuch Stone Bottles, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if all and fingular the faid Rules, Regulations,

Reftriftions and Provifions had been repeated in the Body of this Aft, and been thereby re-enafted for and in refpeft of and made applicable to the Exportation of fuch Stone Bottles, in order to obtain the Drawback by this Aft granted or allowed, fave and except that in lieu and inftead of the Oath required b)| the faid Aft, Oath, that the Exports believes the Duties on the Materials have been fully

^ ooo	e

8oo

A-D.iSn,

Stone Bottles and Materials anfwerable for Duties*

Makers not to att as Juft ices in ■Execution of Att.

OHft ruling Gt&ceis.

Penalty.

Offering Bribes to Otfkcrs.-

C.139.	52°	GEO.	III.

paid, the Exporter (hall make Oath that he believes that the Doties by this A& impofed had been fully paid for or in refped of foch Bottles fo to be exported.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the Stone bottles and all the Materials and Implements and Utenhls for the making thereof in the Cuflody or Poffeffion of any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles, or of any Perfon or Perfons to the Ufe of or in Trod for any fuch Maker or Makers, (hall be liable and fubjed to and the lame relpe&ively are hereby made chargeable with all the Debts and Duties for Stone Bottles made or manura&ured, in Arrear and owing by fuch Maker or Makers for any Stone Bottles made by him, her or them, or in his, her or their Houfe, Workhoufe, Millhoufc, Warehouse, Shed, Shop, Room or other Place, and (hall alfo be fubjed and liable to fatisfy all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by (uch Maker or Makers or other Perfon or Perfons ufing fuch Hode, Workhoufe, Millhoufc, Warehoufe, Shed, Shop, Room or other Place, for any Offence againd this A&; and it (hall and may be lawful in all fuch cafes to levy fuch Debts, Duties and Penalties on fuch Stone Bottles, Materials and Utenfils, or any of them, and to ufe fuch Proceedings as may be lawfully done in relation to Stone Bottles, in cafe the Debtors or Offenders were the tine and lawful Owners of the fame.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, being a Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles, or who is or (hall be in any wife interefted or concerned in the Trade or Bofi-nefs of making, manufa&uring or dealing in Stone Bottles, (hall, during fuch time as he or they (hall be fo intereffed or concerned ia the Trade or Bufinefs of making, manufa&uring or dealing in Staae Bottles, a& as a Juftice of the Peace in any Matter or Thing what, foever which (hall in any wife concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by this A&; and if any Perfon or Perfons (kali, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&, prefume to exercife any fuch Powers or Authorities, or do any Ad hereby authorized to be done by any Juftkfe or Juftices of the Peace, all fuch A&s fo executed or done by fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall he utterly null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever (hall affault, refill, oppofe, moled, obftru& or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in the due Execution of this Ad, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to any fuch Officer or Officers, or (hall by Force or Violence after any fuch Officer or Officers (hall have feized any Stone Bottles, or any Clay, Earth or other Material or Materials afore laid, or any Vat, Cidem, Mill, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Veflel or Utenlil aforcfaid, as forfeited by virtue of this A&, refcue or caufe to be refcued any fuch Stone bottles, or any Clay, Earth or other Material or Materials aforefaid, or any Vat, Cidern, Mill, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Veffel or Utenfil aforriaid, or (hall attempt or endeavour fo to do, all and every fuch Perfon or Perfon6 fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever (hfll give or offer to give any Bribe, Recompence or Reward whatfoever to any Officer or Officers of Excife, ia order to cor-

9	nipt,

S2° GEO. in.

C.139.	801

nipt, perfuade or prevail upon any fuch Officer or Officers either to do or perform any Ad or Ads, Thing or Things whatsoever contrary to the Duty of fuch Officer or Officers in the Execution of this Ad, or to negled or omit to do or perform any Ad or Ads,

Thing or Things whatfoever belonging or appertaining to the Bufi-nefs or Duty of fuch Officer or Officers in the Execution of this Ad, or to connive at or conceal any Fraud or Frauds relating to any of the Duties by this Ad impofed, or not to difcover the fame, all and every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch Offence (whether fuch Offer or Propofal be accepted or not) forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	Pemlty.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That any Perfon or Perfons who perjury.

{hall be convided of wilfully taking a falfe Oath in any cafe in which

an Oath is required to be taken by virtue of this Ad, (hall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Perfons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties and Penalties how Forfeitures impofed by this Ad fhall be filed for, recovered, levied I®***1*

or mitigated, by fuch ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Daw or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedtively; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture fhall be to His Majelly, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them* who fhall inform, difcover or fue for the fame.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That all the Monies arifing Money paid into by the Duties by this Ad impofed, (the neceffary Charges of raifing Exchequer, and accounting for the fame excepted) fhall from time to time be

paid into the Receipt of His Majefly’s Exchequer at Wejlmiitfler, and the faid Monies fo paid into the faid Receipt of Exchequer as afore-faid fhall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called the Confoli-dated Fund.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That the Separate Ac-Commiflioners of His Majesty’s Treafmy now or for the time being, £ount 01 Dut7 or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treafurer for the Cl’u

time being, fhall, for the Period of Ten Years From the Commencement of this Ad, caufe a feparate and diflind Account of the Duty of Excife granted by this Ad to be prepared and annually laid before Parliament, purfuant to an Ad paffed in the Forty fecond Year of 42 G. 3. c. 7a the Reign ot His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad for direding certain Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for difeontinuing other Forms of Accounts now in ufef and the Monies arifing from the faid Duties fhall be deemed a permanent Increafe to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpofe of defraying any increafed Charge occafioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any Ad of Parliament paffed or to be paffed in the prefent Seffion of Parliament.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the powers of Powers, Diredions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters 12 Car. 2. c. 24* and Things which in and by an Ad made in the Twelfth Year of

the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Ad for taking away the Court of IVards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for fettling a Revenue upon Hit

Majefly,



8o?

A.D.1S12*

Commencement vt Att.

Wine, Sec. exported to the Ifle of Man by Per-fons having Licence in Britiih-buik Ship* of not left than 50 Tons.

Regulations ob-, ferved in Exportation.

Provilo.

C.139,140.	52*	GEO. III.

Maje/ly, in lieu thereof,\ or by any other Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majesty’s Revenue of Excife arc provided or efta-blifhed for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby impofed ot any of them, ihall be praCiifed, ufed .and put in Execution in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering and paying the Duties of Excife by this Ad impofed, and for preventing, deteding and punifhing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and eftedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if all and every the laid Powers, Rules, Diredions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-euaded in this prefent

Ad.

XXXV. And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall commence and take Effed as to all fuch Matters and Things therein contained, in refped whereof no fpecial Commencement is hereby direded or provided, from and immediately after the Firil Day of September One tboufand eight hundred and twelve.

CAP. CXL.

An Ad to permit the Exportation of certain Articles to the IJle of Man from Great Britain.	[22d July 1812.]

•	TT7HEREAS by the Laws now in force, certain Quantitie1 4 W of Wine, Brandy, Geneva, Rum, Tea, Coffee or Tobacco,

•	are allowed to be exported from Great Britain, by Licence from

•	the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms, and imported into the Port of

•	Douglafs in the JJle of Many on Payment of the Duties due on 4 fuch Importation: And whereas it is expedient to permit any fuch 4 Goods to be fo exported in VefTels not of lefs Burthen than Fifty

•	Tons, and alfo to permit any fuch Goods to be (hipped diredly

•	from the Warehoufe in which they may have been fecured without

• the Duties due on the Importation into Great Britain being firil 4 paidBe it therefore enaded by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affem-bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Twentieth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to export from Great Britain to the Port of Douglafs in the IJle of Man, in Britifh-built Ships, owned, navigated and regiflered according to Law, and riot of lels Burthen than Fifty Tons, any Quantity of Wine, Brandy, Geneva, Rum, Tea, Coffee or Tobacco, which any fuch Perfon or Perfons may be authorized fo to export by virtue of any Licence or Licences granted by the Commi(Turners of the Cufloms in England or Scotland refpedively, in purfuance of the Powers veiled in them by former Ads or this Ad ; any Law, Cullom or Ufage to the contrary notwithllanding.

II. And be it further enaded, That any fuch Goods intended to be exported to the faid Port of Douglafs by virtue of any fuch Licence, (hall and may be takeu out of any Warehoufe or Warehoufe* wherein the fame may have been lodged or fecured, for the Purpofe of being fo exported as aforefaid, without Payment of any Duty of Cuftoms or Excife ; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided always, that nothing in this



Google

A.D.i8i2*

520 GEO. Ilf,	C.	140,141*	$©$

A& cORtained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to permit the

Exportation from Great Britain or the Importation into the IJle of

Man of any greater Quantity of any of the faid Articles in any

One Ye^r than are now allowed by Law, or to permit any fuch

Goods to be exported from Great Britain, or imported into the IJle

of Man, in any other Package than fuch as are now directed and re*

quired by Law; and that on the Exportation of any fuch Goods

from Great Britain, and on the Importation of the fame refpedively

into the IJle of Manf purfuant to this Ad, all the Rules, Rcgula*

tions, Reftridions, Securities, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in

any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force relating to fuch Goods Former A&s.

refpedively fo exported or imported, and to the Payment, Recovery

and Appropriation of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto,

and all the Claufes, Provifions, Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties

and Forfeitures contained in any Ad or Ads or Laws in force in

relation to the IJle of Man (hall, fo far as they are not hereby altered

or varied, and in refped of which no other Provifion is made by this

Ad, be and are hereby declared to be in full force, and to extend

to this Ad, and (hall be con (trued therewith and as Part thereof, fo

far as the fame refpedively apply, as fully as if the fame were par*

ticulariy repeated and re-en&ded in the Body of this Ad.

CAP. CXLI.

\n A£fc to regulate tjie Manner of licenfing Boats by the Com-miflioners of the Cuftoms, and the delivering up of Licences in Cafes of Lofs or Capture of Veflels licenfed; and for enabling the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms to purchafe certain Boats at a Valuation.	[22d	July	1812.]

WHEREAS by an Ad made in the Eighth Year of the Reigq g G. 1. c. 18.

of His late Majesty King George the Firft, intituled An A% to prevent the clandejline running of Goods, and the D inger of Infection thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine ; and tq fubjed Copper Ore, of the Production of the Britifli Plantations, tq fuch Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Pro? dudion are fubjed ; it was, amongft other things, enaded, that if § j. any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, rowing or made or built to rQW with more than Four Oars (not belonging to His Majesty or any of the Royal Family, or not being a Long Boat,

Darge or Pinnace, belonging to or ufeil in the Service of any Merchant Ship or Veffel) (hall be found upon the Water, or in any Place within the Couuties of Middltfex, Surrey, Kent or Ejfex, or in the River of Thames, either above or belo>y London Bridge, or within the Limits of the Ports of London, Sandwich or Ipfwich, without a Licence as therein direded, fuch Boat, Wherry, Pinnace,

Sarge or Galley, with all her Tackle and Furniture, or the Value thereof, (hould be forfeited, and the Owner or Owners thereof, or any Perfon ufmg or rowing the fame, (hould alfo forfeit and lofe the Sum of Forty Pounds : And whereas by another Ad, palled in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad for the more cjfe dually preventing the pernicious 19 G. 3. c. 69, P radices of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for indemnifying Perfonf who have fen guilty of Offences again d the Laws oj the Cujloms and 52 Geo. 111.	3	F	‘	Excife,

Google

AJXiSil'

S04

C.141.

510 GEO.ni.

S3.

Ij.

47 o. 3. Scir. a. «•	*6. i3- 4. 7*

Boats, &c. of certain Defcrtp-lion, found within Limits mentioned, mile Is Owners have obtained licence, forfeited.

Exeife, ubon the Terms therein mentioned, the (aid in Part recited A and the leveral Claufes, Penalties and Forfeiture* and Reftri&ioni therein contained (not altered by that Adf) were extended to all Boats, Wherries, Pinnaces, Barges or Galleys whatever, rowing or made or built to row with more than Six Oars, which (ball he found either upon the Land or Water, within any Harbour, Port or Place whatever, in any other Part of Great Britain, or wkfca Two Leagues of the Coaft thereof; but it was nevertbeWiprovided, that nothing therein contained fhould extend or be coo* (trued to extend to Boats commonly called 'Torv BcaU (ufcd is the towing Ships or Veflels) belonging to liceufcd Pilots withk the Port and Jurifdi&ion of the City of Brijlol: And whereas by another A6t, pafied in the Forty leventh Year of the Rcigiof His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to make more ejedwal Prh vifon for the Prevention of Smuggling, Boats belonging in tbc Whole or in Part to His Majeity’s Subjedts, or whereof Oie Half of the Perfons on board are Subjects of His Majesty, beisg rowed with, or conllructed to row with more than Six Oars, (cictpt Boats employed in the Whale Fifheries, or belonging to MeTcbat Ships or Veflels exceeding the Burthen of Two hundred and fro Tons, or Life Boats, or Boats employed fulely in Rivers or Inlad Navigations) found within the Limits of any Port in the Ubftc Kingdom, or in any Part of the Britijh or Iri/h Channels, or e&> where on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any w the Coafls of Great Britain, are fubjeef to Forfeiture, with all her Furniture, Tackle and Apparel, uniefs fuch Boats are ikedrd by the Commiflioner8 of His Majesty* s CuAoms in England or Seuleu refpedfively, to ufe more than Six Oars: And whereas it is exp dient, in order to check and fupprefs the illegal and noxious TW-adlions carried on upon the Coails of Great Britain by Row Boars, further to require the Owner or Owners of Boats in Great Bniay rowing with more than Four Oars, to take out Licences in corn cafes, for ufing or navigating fuch Boats, from the (aid Cobb£ floners of HisMajefty’s Cuftoms in England or Scotland, as tbtai may be, and to provide that no Licences for Boats rowing with J more than Six Oars (hall in future be granted, except as hemi mentioned;* Be it therefore enadied by the King's Moll ExcrOfli Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the L.ords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament abet* bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Boat, Wbem; Pinnace, Barge or Galley, being rowed with, or made, or built cr con (traded to row with more than Four Oars, belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty’s Subjedts, or whereof One Half of the Perfons on board are Subjedts of His Majesty, (hall, from 3rd after the Thirty firft Day of Augvjl One thoufand eight hundred id twelve, be found within the Limits of any Port of Great Britm, ot in any Part 6f the Britijh or Irijb Channels, or elfewhnt in t High Seas within One hundred Leagues of the Coaft of Gr: Britain, or fhail be difeovered to have been withiu the (aid Limits a Diftance, the Owner or Owners of which (hall not hart obtained 1 Licence for ufing or navigating fuch Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, from the Commifiioners of His Majesty'c Cuftoms in £1* land or Scotland, as the cafe may be, or from the Lords Cofcro£ fioners of the Admiralty, prior to the paflbg of the before natd

M



D. 1812.

5a0 GEO. in.

C. 141.	So	5

l of the Forty Feventh Year of the Reign of His prcfcnt Majesty ; ry fuch Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, with her Tackle Furniture, fhall be forfeited, and may and fhall be feized by any icer of the Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excife : vided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained fhall extend, To what Boatii >e conftrued to extend, to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or &c. not to Hey* belonging to His Majesty or any pf the Royal Family, or extend, the Service of Government, or in the Employment of the Cuf-is or Excife, or to any Long Boat, Yawl, Pinnace or other Boat >nging to any fquare-rigged Ship or VefTel employed in the Mer-nts Service, or to any other Merchant Ship or Veflel exceeding Burthen of One hundred and fifty Tons, not otherwise requiring licence for the Ufe thereof, or to any Boat employed in the Whale beries, or to any Life Boat or any Tow Boat ufed in the towing ps or Veffels belonging to licenfed Pilots within the Port and ifdiction of the City of Brijlol, or to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace,

■ge or Galley employed folely in Rivers or Inland Navigation.

I.	And be it further enaded, That each and every Licence which Licences granted f be granted by the faid Commifiioners of His Majesty's Cuftoms by Commif-

iupland or Scotland for any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Gal- Goners of Cuf-

, rowing with Six Oars or otherwife, requiring Licence, from and

t the Thirty firft Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and C0BUln*

be, fhall contain the proper Description thereof, the Name or

roes of the Owner or Owners, together with his or their Place or

cesof Abode, and in what manner intended to be employed, toge-

r with any other Particulars which may be required by the laid

mmiffioners refpedively, to be described and inferted in fuch man-

as the faid Commifiioners may refpedively think proper to require

. dired; and the Owner or Owners thereof fhall alfo give Security Bond given on

Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succefibrs, in double the obtaining

lue of fuch Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, agreeably L,ccncw»

the Dire&ions of an Ad paffed in the Forty fixth Year of the

ign of Hia prefent Majesty, intituled An AS to extend the Pro- 460.3.^x37.

ton of an Aft made in the Forty third Tear of His prefent Alajejly,

permitting certain Articles to be w&rehoufed in Great Britain, to

t Articles not therein mentioned; and to alter the Condition of the

id dtrefted to be given by an Aft of the Twenty fourth Tear of the

gn of His prefent Alajejly, by the Majlers and Owners of Vejfels

f Boats licenfed by the Lords of the Admiralty, on Failure whereof

Licence fhall be void and of no Force or Effed ; and fuch Boat,

lerry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, fhall be liable to Seizure and

rfecution in the fame manner as if no fuch Licence had been

nted for the fame.

II.	And be it further enaded, That no Licence fhall, from and Licences not r the palling of this Ad, be granted by the Commifiioners of His Prantedfor jetty's Cuftoms in England or Scotland, for any Boat whatever

ie, built or conftruded to row with more than Six Oars ; and if thxn'sixOari. fuch Boat belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Penalty.

>jeda, or whereof One Half of the Perfons on board are Subjeds ft is Majesty, fhall be found within the Limits of any Port in Great ‘tain9 or in any Part of the Britijh or Irfh Channels, or elfewhere the High Seas within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the ifts of Great Britain or Irelandy fuch Boat not having been licenfed nous to the palling of this Ad (hail be forfeited, and ihall and may

3 F a

0



Google

C* 141*

AJD. t&n.

to6

AlWance to Officers on nukiug Seizures.

Wha; Tow »nd other Boats not effected.

Licence oelivered \tv» or accounted for after licented Boat loft, &c.

O^th.

IVn.dty.

Hovv Licences delivered U’>,or

5*#

geo. in.

be feized by any Officer of the Army, Navy or Mimes, or of the Cuftoras or Excife; and every fuch Officer and Officers may and he and they 10 and are hereby authorized and required to anti aad detain every Perfon being a Seaman or Sea-faring Man found on board any fuch Boat (not being a Pafienger on board) and to convey him to any Ship or VefTel in His Majesty’s Service, or to the CuStody of any Officer employed in His Majesty’s Imprefs Service; and any Perfon being fuch Seaman or Sea-faring Man may thereupon, if fit and able to ierve His Majefly, be imprefied into His Majefly’* Nani Service, and (hall continue to ferve therein for the Period and under the Regulations mentioned in the faid recited Ad of the Forty feventh Year of His faid Majefly ; and h (hall be lawful for the fad Commiffioners of the Cufloms in England and Scotland relpedmly to diredt the Officer or Officers, by whom the Perfons £0 found oa board any fuch Boat (hall have been detained, to be paid any San not lefs than Five Pounds, and not exceeding Twenty Pound*, (or each Man fo detained and impreffed into His Majesty’s Service: Pro* vided, that nothing hereinbefore contained, as to Boats rowing with more than Six Oars, (hall extend or be con ft rued to extend to ay Boat or Boats commonly called Tow Boats, ufed in the towing Sfcp and Veffels belonging to licenfed Pilots within the Port and Jure-di&ion of the City qF Bri/lol, or to any Boats employed iu the Set* vice of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, or to any Boat employed in the Service of the Cel-toms or Excife, or belonging to His Majefly, or to any of the Rojd Family, or to any Life Boat, or any Boat ufed foleiy in Rivers or I* land Navigation, or to any fquane-rigged Ship or Veflel employed a the Merchants Service, or to any other Merchants Ship or Vefiei tt* ceeding the Burthen of One hundred and fifty Tons.

4 IV. Aud whereas it is expedient to make further Provfca fcr 4 compelling the Owners and alfo the Matters of certain Bcenkd * Ships, Veffels and Boats loft, broken up, captured, bum, feized 4 and condemned, (old, or other wife difpofed of, to deliver up tk 4 Licenfes which fhall have been granted for the feme, whim *

‘ fhorter time than at prefent providedBe it therefore cuaded, That, from and after the Thirty firft Day of jtugnjl One thoaW eight hundred and twelve, whenever any licenfed Boat of any Ik-feription whatever, (not belonging to any Ship or Veflel, andbchg under the Burthen of Fifteen Tons} fhall be loft, broken up, captured, burnt, feized and condemned, fold, or otherwife difpofed the Licence which fhall have been granted for the fame fhall be delivered up to the Colle&orof the Cufloms at the Port to which tab Boat fhall belong, within Six Weeks from the time fuch Boat (ball be fo loft, broken up, captured, burnt, feized and condemned, fold, or otherwife difpofed of s or in cafe of the faid Licence being led or taken by the Enemy, fatiafa&ory Proof thereof on Oath fhall be within the fame Period made before the Collector or Controller ot fuch Port, which Oath they are hereby authorized and rajHwed to adminifter; and in cafe foch Licence fhall not be produced and fo delivered up, and no fuch Proof fhall be made within foch Period as aforefaid, the Owner or Owners of fuch Boat ihati forfeit and kk the Sum of Thirty Pounds.

V. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the faid Thirty firft Day of Augufl One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, when*

ever

v^.ooQle

A.D.iSiL	52° GEO. III.	C.J4I.	,	8of

ever any licenfed Ship or Veflel exceeding Fifteen Tons Burthen fhall accounted for, if be loft, broken up, captured, burnt, feized and condemned, fold, or loft, otherwife difpofed of, the Licence which (hall have been granted for the fame (hall, in cafe the Ship or Veflel was licenfed for the Coaft-ing or Filhing Trade only, be delivered np to the Colledor of the Cuftoms at the Port to which fuch Ship or Veflel (hall belong, within the Period of Two Months from the time fuch Ship or Veflel fhall be fo difpofed of ; or in cafe the Ship or Veflel was licenfed for trading to Parts beyond the Seas, then the faid Licence (hall be deli* vered up to the Colledor of the Cuftoms at the Port to which fuch Ship or Veflel (hall belong, within the Period of One Calendar Month from the time when the lofs, burning, capturing, breaking up, feiz-ing or condemning of fuch Ship or Veflel, (hall come to the Know-ledge of the Owner thereof j or in cafe the Licence (hall have been loft, or taken by the Enemy,'fatisfadory Proof thereof on Oath (hall Oath, be made within the fame Periods refpedively, before the Colledor and Controller of fuch Port, which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to adminifter 5 and in cafe the Licence (hall not be produced, and fo delivered up, and no fuch Proof (hall be made within the faid Periods refpedively, the Owner or Owners, and alfo the Mafter of fuch Ship or Veflel, (hall forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds, if of the Burthen of Fifteen Tons and under the Penalty. Burthen of One hundred and fifty Tons, and One hundred Pounds, if of the Burthen of One hundred and fifty Ton9 or upwards : Provided always, that all Licences required under any of the Provifions of this Ad (hall be granted without any Stamp, Fee or Reward, or Stamp Duty, Sec. any Payment whatever by the Perfon requiring the fame.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the palling Making ufe of

of this Ad, if the Owner or Owners, or Mafter of any licenfed Licence impro-Ship, VeflTel or Boat, loft, broken up, captured, burnt, feized and pedy irv3rc*<\^-condemned, fold, or otherwife difpofed of, (hall, prior to or after ^	4

fuch Difpofal of the Ship, Veflel or Boat, knowingly make ufe of Sei

the Licence granted for the fame, in order to proted from Seizure and Profecution any other Ship, Veflel or Boat 5 or if the Owner or Owners, or Mafter of any Ship, Veflel or Boat whatever, licenfed by the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in England or Scotland,

(hall make ufe of fuch Licence for any other Ship, Veflel or Boat, than that for which the fame was granted, fuch Owner or Owners, and alfo the Mafter knowing thereof, (hall forfeit the Sum of Two hun- Penalty, dred Pounds.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the pafling Boats with more of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners of His t.han Six °ar*> Majesty’s Cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedively, and they are

hereby authorized, whenever it may appear expedient fo to do, to p°Urchafed°by *

purchafe any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, rowing or Commiflioners

made or built to row with more than Six Oars, which may have been of Cuftoms,

licenfed previous to the pafling of this Ad 5 and the Owner and

Owners of every fuch Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley (hall,

and he and they is and are hereby required to fell and difpofe of his

or their Intereft therein to the faid Commiflioners refpedively, at a

fair Valuation, to be ascertained by the OatliB of Two difinterefted Value of Boats

and indifferent Perfons (killed in the Value of fmall Veffels, or Craft ^°w *fceruin*i.

of the like Description, one of fuch Perfons to be nominated by the

faid Commiflioners refpedively, and the other by the Owner or Own-

3 F 3	ers

LjOOQle

lot

A.D.1812.

Boats purchafed •m ployed in Service of Revenue, kc.

Boats conftrufl -•d for rowing or failing, of length of 30 Feet or upwards, tec found within certain Limits forieited.

C.I4I.	5rGEO.nL

ers of the Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley intended to be purchafed; and in cafe of Difagreement as to the Value, the Perfons fo nominated (hall call in a Third difinterefted and indifferent Perfon; fuch Two Perfons and fuch Third Perfon to be paid any Sum which may be reafonable by the Owner of fuch Boat or other Veffd,and by the faid Commiffioners, in equal Moieties, and the Detenraatem as to the Value of any Two fuen Perfons, or of fuch Third Perfon fo called in, (hall be binding and conclufive upon all Parties; tad after Payment being made to the Owner or Owners of the Samis mfeertained to be the Value of fuch Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, the Property (hall veft in His Majesty; and the Owner or Owners fhall, and he and they is and are hereby required to deli- 1 ▼er fuch Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley to any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms appointed to receive the fame by the Order and Dire&ion of the faid Commiffioners refpe&ively ; or in ode of Refufal on the Part of fuch Owner or Owners, to receive the Amount of the Purchafe Money, fuch Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley (hall and may be feized and.taken PofTeffion of by any futh Officer as the Property of His Majesty.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That after the faid Cosumf-fioners refpe&ivtly (hall have obtained PofTeffion of any fuch Bon, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, they are hereby authorized ad required to ufe and employ the fame in the Service of the Reveaue, or caufe the fame to be broken up, and the Materials fold, according as in their Judgment it may appear to be the moft conducive to the public Service.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the Thirty

€rft Day of Avgujl One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, in cafe any open Boat belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of His Majesty’s Subje&s, or whereof One Half of the Perfons on board art Subje&s of His Majesty,and being of the Length of Thirty Feet and upwards, built or conftruded for rowing or failing, or for rowing and failing, the Length of which (hall be greater than in the Proportion of One Foot for every Two Inches of the Width or Breadth of fuch Boat, to be meafured by a ftraight Line from the Forepart of the Stem to the aft Side of the Tranfum or Stem Poll aloft, /hall, from and after the faid Thirty firft Day of Augvfl One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, be found within the Limits of any of the Ports of Great Britain, or in any Part of the Briti/b or /rjfc Channels, or on the High Seas within One hundred Leagues of the Coaft of Great Britain or Ireland, fuch Boat fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excife, unlefs fuch Boat, being a clinch-built Boat, (hall have Plank of not lefs than Half an lndi thick, and Timbers of the following Di mentions ; that is to fay, for every Boat exceyding the Length of Thirty Feet and being under the Length of Thirty five Feet, Timbers of not lefs than One Inch and a Quarter fquare ; for every Boat of the Length of Thirty five Feet and under the Length of Forty Feet, Timbers of not left than Oqe Inch and Three Eighths of an Inch fquar? 1 for every Boat of the Length pf Forty Feet and being under the Length of Forty fire Feet, Timbers of not lefs than One Inch and a Half fquare; for eveiy	of	the Length of Forty five Feet and being under the

Length of Fifty Feet, Timbers of not lffs than One Inch and Three

8	Quarters

3.i8i2.	.	52* GEO. III.	0.141,142.

liters fquare 5 and for every Boat of the Length of Fifty Feet upwards, Timbers of not lefs than Two Inches fquare, fuch ibers refpedively not being more than Ten Inches apart: Provided, nothing hereinbefore contained as to Boats of the Length of rty Feet and upwards (ball extend or be conftrued to extend to ts belonging to Ships or Veflels exceeding the Burthen of One dredand Fifty Tons, provided fuch Boats are licepfed by the faid nmiffioners refpedively, nor to Life Boats, nor to Boats employed he Whale Filheries, nor to the Boats belonging to any fquare-;ed Ship or VcfTel employed in the Merchants’ Service, or to any ?r Merchant Ship or Veflel exceeding the Burthen of One hun-1 and fifty Tons, or ufed folelyin Rivers or Inland Navigation, or iloyed in the Service of Government, or to extend to any Boat ch may have been licenfed by the Lord High Admiral of Great lain, or Lords Commiflioners of the Admiralty, prior to an Adi ed m the Forty feventh Year of the Reign pf His prefent elly, intituled An At1 to mate more effedual Provtfionfor the Preion of Smuggling, or by the ComipiQioners of the Cuftoms in Eng-f or Scotland prior to the palling of this Ad: Provided always,

; nothing hereinbefore enaded or required refpeding the Length, 1th or rlank or Timbers of Boats, (hall extend or be conftrued extend to affe& Boats belonging to Ships or Veflels returning ti the Firft Voyage to Foreign Parts, upon which Firft Voyage r (hall have left Great Britain before or withip Fourteen Days rthe palling of this Ad, provided the Owners or Matters of fuch ps or Veflels (hall duly take out a Licence from the faid Com-loners of Cuftoms for each fuch Boat, within One Calendar Dth after the returning into Port of each fuch Ship or Veflel from 1 Firft Voyage.

[. And be it further euaded. That all Boats feized under any of Provifions of this Ad, and all Penalties and Forfeitures whatever hi* Adt mentioned, may and (hall be managed, kept, detained, .'ceded again ft, fued for, profecuted, condemned, diftributed, re-jred and applied in England or Scotland refpedively, according to Laws now m force relating to His Majesty’s Revenue of Cuftoms ireat Britain, in fo far as the fame are or can be made applicable, are uot by this Ad altered qr varied.

CAP. CXLII.

Ad to permit die Removal of Goods from one Bonding

Varehoufe to another, in the fame Port.

[22d July 1812.]

T7HEREAS by an Ad made in the Forty third Year of the ► V Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad for pcr-tfting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to he fee urea in oreboufe, without Payment of Duty, no Goods, Wares or Mer-iandize which (hall have been lodged in any Warehouse or Ware* >ufe8, or otherwife fecurcd according to the Diredioos of that Ad, e to be delivered from or taken out of any fuch Warehoufe or hce, but upon Condition that fuch Goods, Wares or Merchants (hall either be exported to Foreign Parts, or be ufed or con-red in Great Britain ; and it is expedient, under certain Regulars, to permit Qoodg fo lodged or otherwife fecurtd to be re-'	3	F	4.	‘	moved



top

But not to extend to certain Boats mentioned.

47 0.3. Sefi: a. c. 66.

Penalties, Arc. how fued for.

43	3-	*3*

f *9-

A.D.I8I2.

4.t G. J. c. 13a. i 33-

rtriufh Flint*. tion Rum imported in Calk of 60 Gallons or upwards ware, houfed.

Officers allowed to take Samples •1 Spiiics.

Penal’.).

15 G. 1. c. %$.

C.142.	52*	GEO. III.

or oat of any fuch Warehoufe, to be (hipped as Stores to be fpent and confumed on board any Ship or Vetfel in ady Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas, (hall be freed aud difeharged from all the Doties of Excue; and all aud (ingular the faid Rules, Regulations, Reftric- • tions and Provifions, and all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures coo-tained, provided, fettled or eftablilhed in or by the faid A&s,ot any of them, for or in refped of any fuch Rum (hipped or to be (hipped as Stores, (hall be ufed, applied and put in Execution for aud in re-(ped of all fuch Rum and Spirits fo delivered from or out of any fuch Warehoufe as lad aforefaid, as Stores to be fpent and confumed as lad aforefaid, as fully and effedually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if all and lingular the faid Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Provifions had been repeated and re-ena&ed in the Body of this Act, for and in refpeft of fuch Rum and Spirits as lad aforefaid.

* IIL And whereas by the (aid Adi made in the Forty third Year 4 aforefaid it is enadted, that no Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva,

4 Spirits or Aqua Vita (hall be warehoufed before Payment of the 4 Duties, unlefs the fame (hall be imported in Calks of One hundred 4 Gallons at the lead : And whereas by the Laws now in force, Rum 4 of the Growth or Produce of the Briti/b Sugar Plantations may be 4 imported into Great Britain in any Calk of Sixty Gallons; and it is 4 therefore expedient to allow of the fame being warehoufed in the • fame manner as Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Spirits or Aqua 4 Vita imported in Calks of One hundred Gallons, are by the laid 4 Adis allowed to be warehoufed ;* Be it therefore ena&ed, That any Rum of the Growth or Produce of the Briti/b Sugar Plantations imported iuto Great Britain iu any Calk of Sixty Gallons or up. wards, (hall be allowed to be warehoufed in the fame manner as Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Spirits or Aqua Vita is or are by the faid Adi allowed to be warehoufed.

IV. And be it further cnadled, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excife, before the Delivery of Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits for Exportation, or of Rum or Spirits of the Briti/b Sugar Plantations to be (hipped as Stores as aforefaid from or out of any fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, and at any time afterwards, to take as many Samples as he or they (hall think fit, (neither of fuch Samples exceeding Half a Pint) out of each of the Calks or Packages containing fuch Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, paying for fuch Samples (if demanded) at aod after the Rate of Three Shillings per Gallon; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall obftrudl or hinder any fuch Officer or Officers of Ex, cife in taking any fuch Sample or Samples, upon his or their offer-ing to pay tor the fame as aforefaid (if demanded) the Perfon or Perfons offending therein lhall, for each and every fuch Offence, fe* verally forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

4 V. And whereas fincc the Expiration of the faid Aft made in 4 the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years aforefaid, feveral Quantities of 4 Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce and Manufa&ure of the 4 Briti/b Sugar Plantations in America, imported into th^ Kingdom 4 of Great Britain diredly from the faid Sugar Plantations^ hare € upon Entry thereof forthwith and before Payment of any of the 4 Duties of Excife been landed, carried and put into fuch Wanft 4 houfes as are mentioned in the faid laR mentioned Ad, and have 4 alfo been delivered from and out of the faid Warehoufe* without



Go

l.D.i8n.

Si® GEO.ni.

C.142.	'	813

Pavment of the Duties of Excife, fome thereof for Exportation, and fome thereof to be (hipped as Stores, to be fpcnt and confumed on board Ships and Verfels according to the Rules, Regulations,

ReftriAions and Provifions, in the feveral AAs in that Behalf refpeAively in force during the Continuance of the faid A A of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years aforefaid; and it is proper that the Commiffioners and Officers of Excife fhould be indemnified for and in refpeA of fuch Landings, Warehoufings and Deliveries refpeAively Be it therefore enaAed, That all fuch Landings, Commiflionert, Warehoufings and Deliveries refpeAively (hall be deemed and taken indemnified

>	have been and to be legally made as if the faid A A made in the

ifteenth and Sixteenth Years aforefaid, and the feveral other A As £n<fed and^t

epending thereon, had remained and continued in force at the time in Warehoufe

f fuch Landings, Warehoufings and Deliveries ; and the Commif- and delivered

oners and Officers of Excife in England and Scotland refpeAively from fj,me witj£

jncerned in any fuch Landing, Warehoufing or Delivery refpec-	*

vely, (hall be and they refpeAively are hereby fully indemnified; u *

nd that it (hall and may be lawful to deliver all Rum and Spirits of

le Growth, Produce or ManufaAure of the Briti/b Sugar Planta-

ons in America, now remaining in any fuch Warehoufe as laft afore-

lid, from and out of fuch Warehoufe for Exportation or Stores,

wording to the laft mentioned Rules, Regulations, ReftriAions

id Provifions, and the fame refpeAively, together with all Fines,

enalties and Forfeitures for any Breach or Difobedience thereof re-

xAively, (hall be and remain in full Force and EffeA for and in

:fpeA of all fuch Deliveries as laft aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enaAed, That it (hall and may be lawful Rum or Spfriu

>	remove any Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce and Manu- removed to Porn ufture of the Briti/b Sugar Plantations in America, imported into £

le Kingdom of Great Britain direAly from the faid Sugar Planta- pur|X>pe of Exons, and which hath or have been fo landed and carried and put Portation, ka. ito fuch Warehoufe as laft aforefaid from any fuch ’ Warehoufe, ther by Sea or Inland Navigation, to any other Port of Great Bri-\in where Foreign Spirits are by Law allowed to be fecured in Warehoufe under the Regulations of the faid A6ts of the Forty lird and Forty fifth Years of His prefent Maiefty’s Reign, or ther of them, for the Purpofe of being exported from fuch Port, nder and fubjeA to the Rules, Regulations and ReftriAions, (fave id except fo far as the fame are not altered by this AA, or not ‘pugnant to any of the Regulations or ReftriAions in this A A mtained, or hereby prefcribed, fettled or eftablifhed, for and in re->eA of the Removal of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, fubjeA

>	any Duty of Excife) mentioned in another A A, made in the

iftieth Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Aft to 50 G. j, c. 64* rmit the Removal of Goods, Wares and Merchandize from the Port Great Britain where JirJl warehoufed, to any other warehoufing ort> for the Purpofe of Exportation, for and in refpeA of the Goods,

/ares and Merchandize, by the faid laft mentioned A A authored and allowed to be removed in manner therein mentioned.

VII.	And be it further enaAed, That if any Proprietor or Jm- Openin? Ware-ortcr of Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits lodged and put houfes except ia ito any Warehoufe or Warehoufea under the DireAion and Au- Faience lority of the faid AAs, or any of them, (hall by any means, Art, °fficcr’

)evice or Contrivance whatever, open any fuch Warehoufe or Ware-

houfes,

C. 142.

A.D.1812.

Penalty. Previous to Removal Bond entered into.

50G.3.C. 64-

Certificate.

On Arrival of

Goods at Port intended, Entry made thereof with proper Officer of Eacile, fee

52° geo. in.

houfes, except in the Prefence of the proper Warehoufe Keeper, or Other Officer of the Cuftoms or Excife, then and in every fach cafe every fuch Importer or Proprietor (hall forfeit and iofe for every fuch Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That previous to the Renwul of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which are or fhall be fubjed to any Duty or Duties of Excife under or by virtue of an A6t made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Aft to permit the Removal of Goods* Wares and Merchandize from the Port in Great Britain wherefirfi warehoufed, to any other warehoujing Port, for the Rurbofe of Exportation, for the Par-pofe in that A€t mentioned, or unaer or by virtue of this Ad, for either of the Purpofes herein mentioned, the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any fuch Goods, Wanes or Merchandize, (hall, with One fufficient Surety, enter into Bond to His Majesty, his Hein aid Succeffors, in Treble the Value of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, with Condition that the fame and every Part thereof fhall be duly delivered, without Alteration or Diminution, into the Cuftody and PofTeflion of the proper Officer of Excife, at the Port or Place in Great Britain to which the fame are intended to be removed, and to be named and exprefTed in fuch Condition, and to produce a Orti-ficate under the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of Excife it fuch Port or Place, that the faid Goods, Wares or Merchanditt had been fo delivered into his Cuftody and Pofieffion, and that fuck Certificate fhall, within Three Months from the Date of fuch Bond, be produced to the Commiffionere of Excife in England, if fnch Goods, Wares or Merchandize are removed from the Port of London, or to the Commiflionersof Excife in Scotland, if removed from Leith, and to the principal Officer of Excife of fuch Port, if fuch Removal takes place from any other Port of Great Britain•

IX.	And be it further enaded, That upon the Arrival of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize at the Port to which the fame are 16 intended to be conveyed, due Entry fhall be made thereof with the

„ Colle&or, Superviforor other proper Officer of Excife, fpecifymg the Weight, Quantity and Species of % fee Goods, Wares or Merchandize, with the Marks and Numbers of the Packages, the Date of Importation, the Ship or Veflel in which the fame were imported, and by what Perfon or Perfons the fame were entered inwards, and alfo the Port from whence removed, the Place to which the fame are intended to be exported, and the Name of the Ship or Veffel in which the fame are to be exported ; and the Exporter or Ex* porters fhall, together with the Mafter or other Perfoo having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or VefM m which fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize are intended to be exported, and one other fufficient Surety, to be approved of by the Collector, 6upervifor or other proper Officer of Excife at the Port of Exportation, fhall enter into Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and $«c-ccflbrs, in Treble the Value of the faid Goods, Wares and Merchandise, for the due Exportation thereof; and for producing to the Commrffioners of Excife in England, if fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize are exported from the Port of London, or the CownriU honors of Excite in Scotland, if exported from Leith, and to the Collector, Supervifor or other proper Officer of Excife of fiich Port from which fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandise are to be exported,

a Certi-



C.140*

•iS

a Certificate of the landing. thereof, at the Port or Place for which the fame are entered to be exported, fpecifying, certifying and containing the feveml Matters and Things prefcribed and required in and by the faid Aft of the Forty third Year of His prefent Majesty’s G.3, & i%%» Reign for and in refpeft of the Certificate therein mentioned, and to produce fuch Certificate to the Collector, Supervifor or other proper Officer of Excife, within fuch time as in or by the faid laii mentioned Aft is limited or prefcribed, for the bringing or Production of the Certificate as therein mentioned, as the cafe may require.

X.	And be it further enafted, That if after the Arrival of fuch not (hipped Goods, Wares or Merchandize,fubjeft to any Duty of Excife at any G^s^lln00* fuch other Warehoufing Port, the Proprietor thereof fhall not have warehoused naan Opportunity of (hipping the fame for Exportation, it fhall not be der Regulations, lawful to lodge or depofit the Articles in any Warehoufe approved

under the Regulations of the faid Ads of the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, or either of them, unlefs over and befides the Entry and Bond required by the faid Aft of the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Maieily’s Reign, an Entry be alfo made for that Purpofe with the Collector, Supervifor or other proper Officer of Excife, and Bond be alfo given to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, by the Proprietor or his Agent, and one fuffi-cient Surety, to be approved of by the Commiflioners of Excife in England or Scotland, as the cafe may require, or fuch Colleftor, Su-penrifor or other proper Officer of Excife in Double the Amount of the full Duties of Excife due or payable on the Importation of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize with Condition that the faid Goods,

Wares and Merchandize fhall either be duly exported, or that the full Doties of Excife due or payable on the Importation thereof fhall be paid to the proper Colleftor within fuch Period of time as was allowed for that Purpofe, at the Port where the fame were firffc entered and warehoufed ; and if the Proprietor fhall fail or negleft to make fuch Entiy, and give fuch Security, it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners of Excife in England or Scotland, as the cafe may require, to caufe all fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which fhall not be fhipped for Exportation, to be fold and difpofed of in the fame manner as Goods, Wares and Merchandize are direfted to be difpofed of by the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms by the faid Aft of the Forty third Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign ; and on every fuch Sale by them the faid Commiflioners of Excite, they the faid lalt mentioned Commiflioners fhall apply the Produce thereof in the fame manner and to the fame Ufes and Purpofes as is by the faid lafi mentioned Aft prefcribed and direfted in the Sale of Goods, by or under the Authority of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms, under or by virtue of the faid laft; mentioned Aft.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That all fuch Bonds as are by this Bonds taken in A ft authorized or required fhall be taken in His Majefly’s Name and His Majesty*» to Hjs Majesty’s Ufe, by the Coimiriffioners of ExciR* in England Name*

and Scotland refpeftively, as the cafe may require, or the proper Offioer or Officers of Excife appointed or employed for that Pur-pole : Provided always neverthelefs, that nothing hereinbefore con* tinned fhall extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend to require any Bond to be given to the Excife, for or in refpeft of the Removal of Coffee or Cocoa Nu£s ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithfUnding.

‘ XII. And

A.D.iSn.

43G.3-c.13a.

*33-

-4% 0.3. i.iao.

Coffee imported in Package* not lcfs than loolb. warehoufed.

Penalties how levied.

Commencement

of A&.

Offences againft Revenue Laws.

C. 142,143.	520 geo. in.

* XII. And whereas by the laid Ad made in the Forty third

*	Year aforefaid, no Coffee or Cocoa Nuts can be warehoufed inman-4 nner in the faid A A mentioned, unlefs the fame (hall be contained 4 in Cafks, Bags, Boxes or other Packages, of at leaft One hundred 4 and twelve Pounds net Weight each : And whereas by another Aft 4 made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign aforefaid, among 4 other things, for reducing the Excife Duties on Coffes imported 4 into Great Britain, it is enaded, that it (hall and may be lawfal 4 to import into and export from Great Britain any Coffee in Pack-9 ages containing not lets than One hundred Pounds Avoirdupois; 4 and it is therefore exj>edient to allow of the fame being warehoufed;* Be it therefore enaded, That any Coffee imported into Great Britain in Packages containing not lef9 than One hundred Pounds Avoirdupois (hall be allowed to be warehoufed in the fame manner that Coffee contained in Cafks, Bags, Boxes or other Packages, of at leaft One hundred and twelve Pounds net Weight each, is by the (aid Ad of the Forty third Year aforefaid allowed to be warehoufed-

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That all Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Ad (hall be fued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by fuch ways, means or methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, rlaiut or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Weflmin*

Jtery or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, (hall be to His Majefly, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who (hall difeover, inform or fue for the fame.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall commence and take Effed as to all fuch Matters and Things therein contained, in refped whereof no fpecial Commencement is hereby dire&ed or provided, from and immediately after the paffing of this Ad.

CAP. CXLIII.

An Ad for amending and reducing into One Ad, the Prori-fions contained in any Laws now in force impofmg the Penalty of Death for any Ad done in Breach of or in Re-fiftance to any Part of the Laws for colleding His Majesty’s Revenue in Great Britain.	[23d	July 1812.]

4 TTTHEREAS it is expedient, that the Provifions contained in 4 VV any Laws now in force, for colleding His Majesty’s Re-

*	venue in Great Britain, whereby the Penalty of Death is impofed 4 for any Ad done in Breach of or in Refiftance to the (aid Laws, 4 or any of them, (hould be anrended and reduced into one Ad;* May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Autlio-rity of the fame, That in all cafes where any Ad to be done or committed after the paffing of this Ad, in Breach of or in Refiftance to any Part of the Laws for colleding His Majesty’s Revenue in Great Britain, would by the Laws now in force iubjed the Offender to fuffer Death, as guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by virtue of the faid Laws, or any of them, fuch Ad, fa to be done or

committed.

Sij

5rGEO.HI.	C.143.

committed, (hall be deemed and taken to be Felony with Benefit of Clergy* and p uni (liable only as fuch, unlefs the fame (hall alfo be declared to be Felony without Benefit of Clergy by this Aft.

II.	And be it declared and enafted by the Authority aforefaid. Offences of Per-

That if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Poft Boy or	^

Rider, or any other Officer or Perfon whatfoever employed by or l*e^0ftO under the Poft Office of Great Britain, in receiving, (tamping, foiling, charging, carrying, conveying or delivering Letters or Packets,

or in any other Bufinels relating to the faid Office, (hall, after the paffing of this Aft, fecrete, embezzle or deftroy any Letter or Packet, or Bag or Mail of Letters with which he or (he (hall have been entrufted in confequence of fuch Employment, or which (hall in any other manner have come to his or ner Hands or Poffeffion, whilft fo employed, containing the whole or any Part or Parts of any Bank Note, Bank Poft Bui, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill,

South Sea or Eafl India Bond, Dividend Warrant, either of the Bank,

South Sea, Eajl India, or any other Company, Society or Corporation, Navy or Viftualling or Tranfport Bill, Ordnance Debenture,

Seaman’s Ticket, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Bank Receipt for Payment on any Loan, Note of Affignment of Stock in the Funds, Letter of Attorney for receiving Annuities or Dividends, or for felling Stock in the Funds, or belonging to any Company, Society or Corporation, American Provincial Bill of Credit, Gold-fmith’s or Banker’s Letter of Credit, or Note for or relating to the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warrant, Draft, Bill or Pro-mifforv Note whatfoever for the Payment of Money; or (hall fteai and take out of any Letter or Packet with which he or fhe fhall have been fo entrufted or which (hall have fo come to bis or her Hands or PofTeffion, the Whole or any Part or Parts of any fuch Bank Note, Bank Poft Bill, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea or Eajl India Bond, Dividend Warrant, either of the Bank, South Sea, Eajl India, or any other Company, Society or Corporation,

Navy or Viftualling or Tranfport Bill, Ordnance Debenture, Seaman’s Ticket, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Bank Receipt for Payment of any Loan, Note of Affignment of Stock in the Funds, Letter of Attorney for receiving Annuities or Dividends, or for felling Stock in the Funds, or belonging to any Company, Society or Corporation, American Provincial Bill of Credit, Goldfmith’s or Banker’s Letter of Credit or Note for or relating to the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warrant, Draught, Bill or Promiffory Note whatfoever for the Payment of Money ; every Perfon fo offending, being thereof convifted, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall niffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.	Death.

III.	And be it further declared and enafted by the Authority offence? egainft aforefaid. That if any Perfon (hall, after the paffing of this Aft, poft Office, deal and take from any Carriage, or from the Poffeffion of any Perfon employed to convey Letters fent by the Poft of Great Britain,

or from or out of any Poft Office or Houfe or Place for the Receipt or Delivery of Letters or Packets, or Bags or Mails of Letters fent or to be fent by fuch Poft, any Letter or racket, or Bag or Mail of Letters fent or to be fent by fuch Poft, or (hall fteai and take any Letter or Packet out of any fuch Bag or Mail, every Perfon fo offending, and being thereof convifted, (hall he adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffer Death as a Felon, without Beuelit of Clergy ; Death,

and

>



s i a

AJ).i8il.

Offences of Per-1'i'iis affiAing others employed In the Poft Office.

Death.

Forging agatnft A lie nation Office.

Death.

Forcing CYrtifi-c.ites lor Redemption or Sale ot .Land Tax.

C. 143.	52°GEQ.III.

and fuch Offence* (hall and may be enquired of, tried and determined either in the County where the Offence lhall be committed, or where the Party fhaU or may be apprehended.

IV.	And be it further declared and ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That if any Perfon (hall, after the palling of this Ad, counfel, command, hire, perfuade, procure, aid or abet any fuch Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Poll Boy or Rider, or any Officer or Perfon whatsoever employed by or under the laid Office, in receiving, damping, forting, charging, carrying, conveying or delivering Letters or Packets, or in any other Bufinels relating to the faid Office, to commit any of the Offences hereinbefore mentioned, or Hiall, with a fraudulent Intention, buy or receive the Whole or any Part or Parts of any fuch Security or Inftrument as hereinbefore described, which (hall have been contained in, and which, at the time of buying or receiving thereof, hp or Ihe fhaU know to have been contained in any fuch Letter or Packet fo fecneted, embezzled, ftolen or taken by any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Pofl Boy or Rider, or any other Officer or Perfon fo enu ployed as aforefaid, or which fuch Perfon fo buying or receiving as aforefaid lhall at the time of buying or receiving thereof know to have been contained in and ilolen and taken out of any Letter or Packet ilolen and taken from or out of any Mail or Bag of Letter* fent and conveyed by fuch Poft, or from or out of any Poft Office or Houfe or Place for the Receipt or Delivery of Letters or Packets, or Bags or Mails of Letters fent or to be fent by fuch Poft; every Perfon fo offending, aod being thereof couvi&ed, (hsS be adjudged guilty of Felony, and lhall Tuffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy, and lhall and may be tried, convicted and attainted of fuch Felony, as well before as after the Trial or Convi&ioo of the principal Felon, and whether the faid principal Felon lhall have been apprehended or Hull be amenable to Juftice or not.

V.	And be it further declared and ena&ed by the Authority afbre-faid. That if any Perfon lhall, after the palling of this A#, make, forge or counterfeit, or caufc or procure to be made, forged or counterfeited, the Mark or Hand of the Receiver of the Prelines at the Alienation Office, upon any Writ of Covenant, whereby fuch Receiver or any other Perfon lhall or may be defrauded, or fuller any Lofs thereby 5 every Perfon fo offending, and being thereof con-vifted, lhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fnali iuffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

VI And be it further declared and enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That if any Perfon lhall, after the paffing of this Ad, forge, counterfeit or alter, or caufe or procure to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or knowingly or wilfully a& oraffift in the foiling, counterfeiting or altering any Contra#, Argument, Certificate, Re-ceipt or attefted Copy of any Certificate made out or purporting to be made out by any Perfon or Pcrfons authorized to make out tie fame by auy A& of Parliament touching the Redemption or Sale of the Land Tax, or of any Part thereof 5 or if any Perfon Dull wilfully utter any fuch forged, counterfeited or altered Contra#, Alignment, Certificate, Receipt or attefted Copy of Certificate, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majelly, his Heirs or Succefibrs, or any Body or Bodies

Politic

k^ooQle

t.D. 1812*

S2° GEO. in.

C.143.	819

Politic or Corporate, or other Perfon or Perfons; every Perfon fo •(Fending, and being thereof convi&ed, fhall be adjudged guilty of relony, and (hall fuffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy. Death.

VII.	And be it further declared and ena&ed by the Authority Forging Stamps forefaid, That if any Perfon (ball, after the palling of this A6t, on Paper,Ice. orge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counter-

eited, any Mark, Stamp, Die or Plate, which in purfuance of any or Ads of Parliament fhall have been provided, made or ufed iy or under the Direction of the Commiffioners appointed to manage he Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or by or nder the Diredion of any other Perfon or Perfons legally autho* ized in that Behalf, for exprefling or denoting any Duty or Duties, r any Part thereof, which fhall be under the Care and Management f the faid Commiflioners, or for denoting or tetlifying the Payment f any fuch Duty or Duties, or any Part thereof, or for denoting any )evice appointed by the faid Commiflioners for the Ace of Spades,

3 be ufed with any playing Cards ; or fhall forge or counterfeit, or aufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, the Impreflion, or any Lefemblance of the Impreflion, of any fuch Mark, Stamp, Die or late as aforefaid, upon any Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Card, Ivory, rold or Silver Plate, or other Material, or fhall damp or mark, or iufe or procure to be damped or marked, any Vellum, Parchment,

’aper, Card, Ivory, Gold or Silver Plate, or other Material, with ny fuch forged or counterfeited Mark, Stamp, Die or Plate as afore-ud, with Intent to defraud His Majedy, his Heirs or Succeflors, of ay of the Duties, or any Part of the Duties under the Care and lanagement of the faid Commiflioners; or if any Perfon (hall utter r fell, or expofe to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Card, Ivory,

}old or Silver Plate, or other Material having thereupon the Im-reffion of any fuch forged or counterfeited Mark, Stamp, Die or 'late, or any fuch forged or counterfeited Impreflion as aforefaid, nowing the fame refpedively to be forged or counterfeited 5 or if ay Perfon (hall privately or fecretly ufe any fuch Mark, Stamp, lie or Plate, which (hall have been fo provided, made or ufed by or ader fuch Dire&ion as aforefaid, with Intent to defraud His Majedy, is Heirs or Succeflors, of any of the Duties, or any Part of the Dues under the Care and Management of the faid Commiflioners;

'cry Perfon fo offending, and being thereof convi&ed, (hall be ad-dged guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffer Death as a Felon, without D«ath. enefit of Clergy.

VIII.	And be it further declared and ena&ed by the Authority gorging Stamp* ' brefaid, That if any Perfon fhall, after the palling of this A&, on Wrought •anfpofe or remove, or caufe or procure to be tranfpoied or removed, Plate of Gold or •om one Piece of Wrought Plate of Gold or Silver" to another, or Silm, &c.

) any Veflel or Ware of bafe Metal, any Impreflion made with any lark, Stamp or Die, provided, made or ufed by or under the Direc-on of the faid Commiflioners of Stamps, or by or under the Direction f any other Perlon or Perfons legally authorized in that Behalf, for tooting any Duty or Duties, or the Payment of any Duty or Duties, ranted to His Majesty on Gold or Silver Plate; or (hall flamp or lark, or caufe or procure to be (lamped or marked, any Veflel or Pare of bafe Metal with any Mark, Stamp or Die, which (hall have ten forged or counterfeited in Imitation of, or to refemble any lark, Stamp or Die fo provided, made or.ufed as aforefaid; or fhall

ja Gao. III.

3g

fell,



Google

AD.tln.

830

• C.143.

.51* GEO. El.

Death.

Making Frames ufed in making of Paper.

Death.

Forging'Debentures for Return of Money from Duties of Cuf-tems or Excife.

//ell,, exchafra or,expofe to S*le,orexportout ofGreo*fefrw,mj • Wrought ~Pkte :of Xiold or Silver, or any Vefiel or tf Ut Metals having thereupon the Impreffion of any forged or msoferfafeed \Mjtfk,.Stat*p or Die, for denoting any fuch Doty or Ditn>flr die rPayment of any fuch’ Duty or Duties/oranyforged or cotttsidttd 'flinpreffion'of any Mark, Stamper Die fo provided, madt or fid a /aforefaid, or any Impreffion of any fuch Mark* Stamp or Die, stick rfhall have been tranfpoCed or removed‘from any other Piece of Bar ^a aforeiaid, .knowing the fame refpe&tvely to be forged or oato-jfeitedj.for. tranfpofed or remoTed .as .afbrefaid; or (iukU wOfoDr wt without lawful rvExcufe (the Proof whereof (hall lie on the Mm <accufed) have or be pofieflrd of any fuch forged orcoostaW Mark, Sump or:X)ie, for denoting any fuch Dutr or Dudes,orlk .Payment thereof 5 , every Pcrfon fo offending, and being thereafem . (fitted, (hall be adjured.gnihy of Felony, and (ball tuffer Dad* .aFelon without Benefit,of Clergy.

IX.	Jknd be it fiuther<enattedby the Authority afbre&id, Tht , if any.Perfon (not being lawfully appointed or authorized fo toil]

(hallmtke, or canfe or. procure to be .made, or (hall knowiairiyil or affift in tbe*nakuig, or witbqut being fo appointed oraiunal . -ns. aforefaid,•(hall imawrogly hare in bis, her or their Caftotyt ;Ppflhffion, without lawful1 Excufe (the Proof whereof (hall be so fit vPerfon.accufed)^any Fraase^Modd or Ioftrnment, for tbe.mti| •of Paper, .with the Words ‘ Excife Office’ vifible in the SoM* ^of fuch Paper, or (hall, make or caufe or procure to be made,or bw .iagiy-aid or a&ft in the making any Paper, in the fiaMaff .rdfuwhich the Words 4 Excife Office’ (lull be vifible; orifwpfc 'Ion (except, asbefare excepted) (hall by any Art, MyfterycrOfr ,t ri vance, cajjfeor procure the faid Words * Excife Office,’ to lfftt . vifible in the Syhflanceof any Paper whatever ; or if any Pert* irbeing Io appointed or authorized as aforefaid) (hall engrave, oftrflt j or mike,, or (hall caufe or procure to be engraven, call, cut ormfc my Mack,. Stamp or Device, in Imitation^oior to rdcmble aajdfm 'Stamp or Device; made, or ufed by the Direttkraof the Com •f Excife in England or Scotland, or the major - Part of Jpettively, for the Purpofe of printing, damping or maduaf^fet tPaper to be ufed as or for a.Permit or Permits to accanmyJJ iexcifeable Commodit y, or Commodities removing or removed trams* JPart of Great -Britain, to any other Part thereof, kvpurhuncejf^ Dire&ions of any of the feveral Statutes requiring Inch JMtt every Perfon fo offendiag, and being thereof convatted, fluflhiei

judged guilty of Felony, and Jhall Differ Death as a ...>nm0

Benefit of Clergy.

X.	And.be it further declared and enacted by thejAnthariftydip ■&id, .Thatif any Perfon fliall, with Intent to defraud Hil kfijfe falfely make*; forge* counterfeit or alter, or canfe or preesju ip falfely. made, tforged, counterfeited or altered, or willinglydSkm

falfely snaking, forging, counterfeiting or altering jany ----

any Certificate for the Payment or Return of any Money, of any fueh Debenture or Certificate, or any Signatures any cafe in which fuch Debenture or Certificate is by any.Jkft of Parliament .relating to the Duties of Cuftoms or Exdfei or diretted to be given or .granted ; or (hall witfnlly, with tent>a* aforefaid) utter, public or make ttfe of any fuch Ddto*1



Google

L.p.1^12.

JGEO.pt.

G. 1434	821

• Certificate, pr Part thereof, fo bring wholly pr in Part falfely a«lc* forgea, counterfeited or altered ; every Perfon fo offending, id being thereof convided, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, D , d fhaU fuffer jDeath as a Felon, without Benefit pf Clergy.	ei

XI.	be it further declared and enaded by the Authority Affifting with1 Drefaid, That if any Perfons, to the Number of Three or more, Arm* in illegal med with fire Arms or othqr offenfive Weapons* (hall hereafter wSoT^^r thin Great Britain, or within the Limits pf any Port, Harbour Good*, or in op-Creek thereof, or within the IJle of Man, or within the Limits poling Revenue any Port, Harbour or Creek thereof, be aifembled in order to be baw*,&c. ling and aflifting in the illegal Exportation of IVool or other Goods aJribited to be exported; or ip the carrying of Wool or otl^er fuch >ods in order to fuch Exportation ; or in the illegal running, lancl-

I	or carrying away prohibited or uncudomed Goods, or Goods ble to pay any Duties whiph (hall not have been paid or fecured ; in the illegal ^landing of any Goods whatfoever, which (hall have zn (hipped or exported upon debenture or Certificate, or from any aretyute wherein fuch Wool or other Goods (hall have been de-fited under airy Ad of Parliament for the fecuring the Home Con-nptjou Duties thereon; or in refcuing or taking away any fuch 00I or other Goods as aforefaid after Seizure, from any Officer or ficers of the Cuftopris or Excife or other Officer or Officers autho-ed to feize the fame, or other Perfpn or Perfons employed by him them, ,or aflifting him or them, or from the Place Where the fan>e

II	h**e been lodged hy him or them; or in refcuipg any Perfon lo fhall have been apprehended for any of the Offences ,made Felony any Ad relating to the Revenues of Cuftoms or Excife of Grept iiain, or in preventing the apprehending any Perfon who (hall have fri guilty ot any fuch Offence ; or in cafe any Perfons, to the Num-

* dr Three or more, fo armed as aforefaid, (hall hereafter fwithin tat Britain, or within the Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek jreof, or within the IJle qf Man, or within the Limits of any Port, trbour or Creek thereof, be fo aiding or aflifting ; or if any Perfon nmalkioufly fhpot at or upon any Snip, Veffel or Boat belonging His IMajefty's Nayy> or the Service of the Cuftoms or Excrij*,

;hin tbp Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek of 0reat Britain, within the IJle of Man, or within ^he Limits pf any Port, Harbour Creek‘thereof, or in any Port of the Briti/b or Iri/b Channels, pr the High Seas within One hundred Leagues of the Coaft of Great itdin of Ireland; or if any Perfon (Hall, either on Shore or on tne atfcr, within the Limits hu aforefaid, maUcioufly (hoot at, maim or yjeroufly wound, any (Officer or Officers of His Majesty’s Army, ivy, ^Marines, Milica or Volunteers, or any other His Majesty's litary or Naval Forces, or of the Cuftoms or Excife, or any other rfori or Prifons aiding or aflifting any fuch Offiqer or Officers when ing in the due Execution of his or their Duty under any of the wers. Authorities or Provifipns 6f any Ad relating to the Revets of Cuftoms or Excife of Great Britain, or of any Ad for the Pre-mon oT Smuggling; evqry Perfon fo offending, and every Perfpn flag, abetting or amfting therein, (hall, being thereof convided, be iudgetl guilty of felony, and fliaU .fuffer Death as a Felon^ without Death, oent orfclergy; and every fuch Offence which (hall be committed offences in

C.143.	520	GEO.	III.	A.D.1812-

(hall be enquired of, tried and determined, in the (aid Wands refpeo tively ; and every fuch Offence committed elfewhere out ofthe United Kingdom may and (hall be enquired of, tried and determined in any County of the United Kingdom ; and every fuch Offence ccwnmtted within England, Scotland or Ireland refpe&ively, may and ihall he enquired of, tried and determined within fuch Part of the laid United Kingdom in which fuch Offence (hall have been refpedively committed, but in any County or Shire of fuch Part of the faid United Kingdom, in fuch Manner and Form as if the Offence had been committed in the County or Shire in which the fame (hall be enquired of,

.	.	tried and determined.

CifesofSooting XII. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, Thai - „ wounding, &c. ^ any Perfon (hall be charged by Information on Oath before aay Juftice of the Peace, or other Perfon competent to take fuch ii formation in any Part of the United Kingdom, with being guilty of fo affembling, aiding or aiCffing, or of fo malicioufly (hooting, maiming or wounding as aforefaid, within the Limits hereinbefore rcfpec-tively fpecified, in any cafe wherein any fuch Officer as aforefaid, oraar Perfon aiding or affifting any fuch Officer in the Execution of hs$ Duty as aforefaid, (hall have been killed, fuch Information (hall be forthwith certified by the Juflice or other Perfon taking tbe fame tn> der his Hand and Seal, to one of His Majesty* s Principal Secretana of State, who (hall forthwith lay the fame before His Majesty in Ha Privy Council; and His Majesty may thereupon, if he (hall fo think fit, by His Order in Council, require and command the Perfon fo charged with fuch Offence, that he do, within the Space of Sixty . Days, or fuch longer time as to His Majesty (hall feem lit, after the Publication of fuch Order in the London Gazette, fumnder himfelf to the Lord Chief Juftice, or any other Juftice of the King’s Bench, or to any Juftice of the Peace, or other Peifoa competent to take fuch Surrender as in fuch Order (hall be fpecified; and may further order and require fuch Order to be proclaimed by the Sheriff of the County where the Offence (hall hare been committed, if committed within any County of the United Kingdom, and if not committed within any fuch County, then by the Sheriff of any County near to the Place wherein the Offence iy have been committed ; and the Clerks of His Majesty’s Privy Council (hall caufe fuch Order to be forthwith printed and publifbed in the r‘ London Gazette, and fuch Publication to be repeated once in every Week after.fuch Firft Publication, until the Expiration of the hid Sixty Days, or fuch other time as (hall be appointed by fuch Order for the Surrender of fuch Offender, and (hall alio caufe a Copy of fuch . Order, attefted by the Signature of One of the faid Clerks, to be tmf-mitted to the Sheriff of the County fpecified in fuch Order, who (hafi, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of fuch Copy, caufe the fame to be proclaimed between the Hours of Ten in the Morninv and Two in the Afternoon, in the refpe&ive Market Places, upon the re-fpe&ive Market Days of Two Market Towns, in the fame County, m there (hall be Two fuch Towns; and if there (hall be only One fuch Town, then in fuch Town, and in fome other Place of general Refort within fuch County, and (hall alfo caufe a true Copy of fuch Copy of fuch Order to be affixed upon fome public Place in each of fuch Market Towns or other Place where fuch Proclamation M be made; and if the Perfon charged with fuch Offence as afoit&d

M

UjOOQle

L.D.l8l2»

92$

52* GEO* III.	C.	143,144.

tall furrender himfelf according to fuch Order, the Juftice or other 'crfon te whom he (hall fo furrender (hall commit him to fome Gaol r Prifon within the Limits of his Jurifdi&ion, to be there dealt with wording to Law 5 but if fuch' Perfon fo charged and proclaimed as rorefaid, (hall not fo furrender himfelf within the time limited in fuch >rder, or (hall after Surrender and before Trial for fuch Offence efcape om Juftice, fuch Perfon (hall, from the Day appointed for fuch Sur-uder, be adjudged to be a Perfon attainted of Felony, and (hall fuffer )eath as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy, if the Offence (hall be Death barged to have been committed in England, or within the Limits of ly Port, Harbour or Creek in England or Ireland, or within One ondred Leagues of the Coaft thereof 5 and it (hall be lawful for the !ourt of King’s Bench, or the Juftices of Oyer or General Gaol )elivery, or Great Sefiions for the County or Place where fuch Offen-er (hall he, to award Execution againft fuch Offender, in fuch man-er as if he had been convi&ed and attainted in the faid Court of wing’s Bench, or before fuch Juftices of Oyer and Term\nery or Ge-era! Gaol Delivery or Great Sefiions refpe&ively ; and if the Offence tall be charged to have been committed in Scotland, or within any Scotland, ’ort or Harbour or Creek thereof, or within One hundred Leagues f the Coafts thereof, fuch Offender (hall in the like cafe be adjudged, eemed and taken to be convi&ed of a Capital Crime, and (hall fuffer he Pain of Death, and Confifcation of Moveables, as in the cafe of a Won found guilty of a Capital Crime and under Sentence for the ime; and it (hall be lawful for the Court of Judiciary, or the Lords f Jufticiary in their Circuits in Scotland, to award Execution againft ucb Offender, in fuch manner as if he had been found guilty and ondemned in the faid Courts of Jufticiary or Circuit Courts re-pe&ively.

CAP. CXLIV.

in A& to fufpend and finally vacate the Seats of Members of the Houfe of Commons, who (hall become Bankrupts, and who (hall not pay their Debts in full within a limited Time.

[23d July 1812.3

WHEREAS it is highly neceffary, for the Prefervation of the Dignity and Independence of Parliament, that Members of the Houfe of Commons of the United Kingdom, who become Bankrupts, and do not pay their Debts in full, (hall not retain their Seats 5* Be it therefore enatted, by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by md with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflerobled, and by he Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this whenever a Commiflion of Bankruptcy (hall iffue and be awarded igainft any Perfon being a Member of the Houfe of Commons, and le (hall be found and declared a Bankrupt under the fame, fuch Mem-per (hall be and (hall remain during Twelve Calendar Months from he time of the iffuing thereof, utterly incapable of fitting and vot-nginthe faid Houfe of Commons, unlefs within the faid Period fuch Commiflion (hall be fuperfeded, or unlefs within the fame Period the Creditors of fuch Member of the Houfe of Commons proving their Debts under the Commiflion of Bankruptcy (hall be paid or fatisfied U> the full Amount of their Debts, under the faid Commifiioo

3G 3	Provided



Google

Seati of Mem-bets to be

vacated in ce»-tain cales of Bankruptcy.

8^4	C.I44*	52*	Ci6.	fll.

Speaker to ifTuc Writ for Election of another Member.

Provifix

Provifions of 94 G.3. SefT. 1. €. 26. extended to Aft.

Provided always, that fuch of the Debts, if any, as (hall be difputed'by fuch Bankrupt, if he (hall, within the time aforefaid, enter into a tiond or Bonds, in fuch Sum or Sums, with Two fufficicut Sureties' to be approved by the Commiflioners under the faid Commit of Bankruptcy, or the major Part of them, to pay fuch Sum or §unuof Money as (hall be recovered in any A&ion, Suit or other Proceeding in Law or Equity, concerning luch Debt or Debts, together with fuch Coils as (hall be given in the fame, (hall be confidered for the Purpofes of this A£l as paid or fatisfied.

II.	And be it further enabled by the Authority aforefeld, That if the faid Commiflion (hall not within Twelve Calendar Months from the ifTuing thereof be fuperfeded, nor the Debts fatisfied in manner aforefaid, then the Commiflioners, or the major Part of them namerj in fuch Commiflion, (hall and they are hereby required, immediately after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months from the if&ing of the faid Commiflion, to certify the fame, as the cafe may be, to the •Speaker of the Houfe of Commons of the United Kingdoni, and thereupon the Ele&ion of fuch Member (hall be and is hereby declared tp be void ; and it (hall and may be lawful for trie;Speaker of the Houfe of Commons for the time being, during any Rccefs of the fad Houfe, whether by Prorogation or Adjournment, and he is hereby required forthwith after receiving fuch fcertificate, to caufe Notice thereof to be inferted in Tie London Ga%etuy and upon the Expiratioa •f Fourteen Days after the Day of inferring fuch Notice in the Gax4tte% to iflue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Qrowo, to makje out a new Writ for ele&ing another Member in the Room of fuch rfem* her who (hali have fo vacated his Seat: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend to enable the Speaker of the Houle ot Commons to iflue his Warrant for the Purpoies aforefaid, unlc{s fads Certificate (hall have been delivered to him fo long before the then next Meeting of the Houfe of Commons for the Difpatch of Bufi-nefs, as that the Writ for the Eledlion may beiflued rafofetheDay of fuch next Meeting of the Hoofe of Commons.

III.	And be it further enabled by the Authority aforefaid, That all and eyery df the Powers contained in an Ad of the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of Hi* prefent Majesty, for repealing fo much of Two former Ads as authorized the Speaker of tne Houfe of Commons to i(Tue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown fuf making* out Writs for the Eledlion of Members to ferve in Parliament in tjie manner therein mentioned, and for fubftituting other Proyifidni for the like Purpofes, fo far as fuch Powers enable the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons to nominate and appoint other Perfonfc being Adembers of the Houfe of Commons, to iuue Warrants for the making out of new Writs during the Vacancy of the Office of Sneaker, or during his Abfence out of the Realm, (hall be and they are oeircSj fnade to be in force for the Purpofe of enabling him to make the E|e Nomination and Appointment for ifTuing Warrants up4er the Eke Circum (lances and Conditions, for the Eledion of Member! of ftr-t Uament in the Room of fuch whole Seats ftaD become yadnt wer the Provifions of this tyEt,

CAP,



Gooq1<

l.D. iSUf

52«GED* III;

C.IfJi



CAP. CXLV. to A&rtti explain the Exemption from*Toll in ftverat;A£H of Parliament, for Carriages employed1 in Huftandfry ; and foi regulating the3 Tolls to be paid on other Carriages, and o*» Horfes, in certain other Cales therein fpecified.

WHEREAS an Exemption from' Toll bfcs; by fevenri1 A&4 for repairing' Turnpike Roads* been granted* in- refye# of Cattle or Carnages carrying or drawing; any Dtingt Manure or Compod for manuring the Land, or Fodder for* Cattle1: And whereas in fome of the faid A6ts’ there it nb expreft- PKjvifion made for any Exemption from the Payment of ToB for and' in refpcbfc of atiy Carriage, or the' Cattle drawing the fame, going empty for fuchi Lading, or returning empty ; haring been fo-ladhi;

! and, by reafon of fuch O million, Toll baa in fome-cafeybeerr lately 1 demanded, and received, in refoedt of Carriages1 going eilipty fbf [ fuch Lading; and in other cafes* Difputes have arifrn concerning * the fame: And whereas the excluding from luch Exemption-the?

1 cafe of Carriages going eihpty for fuch Lading; or returning empty*

1 having been fo laden, muft operate to the Discouragement of Agni r culture; and check* the due Improvement of Land, and in many 1 cafes defeat the Benefit intended by the Exemption Tbilrof * Carriages carrying Dung, Manure or Compoft, or Fodder for * Cattles And whereas by a Claufe in an A^ paffed-in the Thirteenth * Year of His prefent MajefryY Reign, intituled AkAB to cxfdabt, *

* amend amt reduce irttb out A8' of Parliament the general Lattn no*ds 9 in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in tka? Part of Great * Britain1 called England ; and for other Purpojer, it ir ena&ed^

• that the Regulations of Weight thereinbefore mentioned, fiiould 4 not be deemed or confrrued to extend to any* Waggons, Carts or € other Carriages, employed only in Hofbanary, or carrying only * Manure for Land, Hay, Straw, Fodder or Com unthrdhed': Ana • whereas great Inconvenience will refult to Perfons emplbyed id 4 Hnffiaudry, if the faid Exemption, in refpeft of Wa'ggonw, Carts 4 or other Carriages laden with Manure, and the Cattle drawing 4 the fame, fhtmld be prevented from taking place; by reafon only 4 of any empty Baiket or Baffeets, empty Sack or Sacks, being 4 in or upon any fuch Waggon, Cart or Carriage, if the Loading 4 thereof is fublhuithftty Manure, Hay, Straw, Fodder or Com un-4 threfhed: And whereas great Uncertainty has prevailed, as to the 4 Tolls claimed on Carriages or Horfes, liable to feparate Tolls,

4 when affixed, tied or fecured to fome Waggon, Cart or other 4 Carriage, and much Inconvenience has arifen therefrom x’ Mhy it thevafoir pieafe Your Majesty that it may be ena&ed*; and' be it snafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tlve Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, hi this piefeit Parliament affcmbled, and by the Authority of tte feme, That, from and after the Twenty ninth Day Exemption from of September in the Year of our Lord! One thoafand eight hundred Toll extended in arid twsfee; m every cafe m which under any Ad of Parliament for certain cafe*



■wffiijgt wtaring wad enlarging, repairing any Turnpike Road, these iw a» B

30 4

Or otherwife



Google

S ifi

AD. 1811.

Tolls on tmpty Carriages to be irft paid, and afterwards returned.

Penalty.

Imprifonmem*

Appal

t, 0.3. e. <4. »8*

C.145*	52* GEO. III.

in refpe&ofany Horfe, Mule, Afs, Oxen, Waggon, Cut or other Carriage, carrying or drawing any Dung, Mould, Soil, Mai!, Lime or Compoft, of any Nature or Kind foever, for manurinf or iav.

Jiroving the Land, or Hay, Straw or any other Fodder fa Cattle uch Exemption {hall be deemed to extend, in refpeft of even inch Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, and alfo in refped to the Cafile drawing the fame, going empty, or loaded only with Implements Neceffary for more convenient Carnage, or loading or unloading rich Lading, or returning empty, or with fuch Implements asaforelaid, having been fo laden, notwithllanding the faid Waggon, Cart or other Carriage {hall for the Purpofes aforefaid go to or return fron any Pari{h or Place in which the faid Tumpike Road does not he.

Ik Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That, for the we* venting of Frauds on Toll Colle&ors, by Carts or Waggons ptfiag empty, or loaded only with Implements neceffary for the more coo-venient Carriage of9 or for loading or unloading Manure, tbrongh Turnpike Gates, under Pretence of going for fuch Manure, U* Owner or Driver of every empty Waggon, Cart or Carriage, daramg the Exemptions hereby extended, any or either of them, dull ia all cafes pay the Toll in refped of fuch Waggon, Cart or Carriage, before the fame {hall be permitted to pafs through fuch Ton* pike Gate, and that the Colledor of fuch Toff {hall thereupon deliver to fuch Owner or Driver a Ticket, to be marked ‘Mmcre * Exemption,’ with the Name of the Gate and the Date when delivered, and the Amount of the Toll fo paid; ad which Sum wd Sums fo paid {hall be repaid to the Owner or Driver of fu<h Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, upon his or their returning on the fear Day with fuch Waggon, Cart or other Carriage fo laden as afar, (aid, and producing fuch Ticket 5 and every Colledor of fucb To3 refufing or negleding to return the fame upon the Return of fucb Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, and Produdtion of fuch Ticket as aforeiaid, {hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay to the Owner of futh Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, a Penalty of not Iris this Ten Shillings or more than Forty Shillings, upon Convi&ioo there-of before One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County, Shire or Place where fuch Offence {hall be committed, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnifs or Witneffes (which Oath the faid Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered to adai-nifter) ; and if the fame {hall not be paid upon fuch Convidion, to commit the Perfon or Perfons fo offending to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredion for the faid County, Shire or Place, for any time not exceeding One Month.

111. Provided alfo, and be it enadled, That if any Perfoo (bill think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any thing done by any Juiicc Of Juftices of the Peace in purfuance of this A d, then and is fuch cafe fuch Perfon may appeal to the Juftices of the Peace to be held for the Limits wherein the Caufe of fuch Complaint {hall arife, fuch Appellaut giving fuch Notice, and entering into fuch orthe&e Recognizance as by the faid recited Adi paffed in the Tbirtrerth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty is ia that cafo dine&ed, and thereupon fuch Proceedings {hall be Had and taken as in the {aid recited Aft are direded, in refpedl of Appeals under the Authority of that Ad, in fuch and the fame manner as if fuck Powers ad Re* gulaUoot were herein repeated and re-enadfcdt

I*	'	IV.	Aa<

•

D.i8ia. •

52® GEO. m.

C145.

*27

‘ IV. And whereas many Perfons may, at the time of pafling of :his Aft, he Farmers or Contractors for the Tolls arifiug or payable >n Turnpike Roads, and whole Contracts will not expire until after :he Twenty ninth Day of September next For Remedy whereof, d for Protection of luch LcfTees or Contractors, be it further a6ted, That in cafe any Lefiee or Leflees, Farmer or Farmers, Con- Trufteestor#-ictor or Contractors, for any Tolls payable to any Trultces or Com- lear« Letters lfi »ners appointed by virtue of any Act of Parliament for making, ^°m pairing or amending Turnpike Roads, whofe Contract will not ex- Michaelmas re until after Michaelmas next, (hall, by reafon of this A6t, be de- next. ous of being difcharged from his, her or their Contract or Con-ids, and of fuch his, her or their Defire {hall, within Fourteen ays from the pafling of this ACt, give Notice in Writing to the reafurer or Clerk of any fucn Truflees, Forty Days at the leafl fore the faid Twenty ninth Day of September next, then and in ery fuch cafe all fuch Farm< rs, LefTeea or Contractors (hall, from d after the Twenty ninth Day of September next, be releafed and fcharged from their refpeCiive Contracts, and all and every fuch ontracts fhall, from and after the faid Twenty ninth Day of Septem» rnext, ceafe and be null and void as to the Refidue of the Term Time for which fuch Tolls are or were farmed or taken, or con-a&ed or agreed to be farmed or taken 5 any thing in fuch Leafea id Agreements to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it enaCted, That in cafe any fuch LefTee Leflees, 8ec. ef Leffees, Farmer or Farmers, Contractor or Contractors for Tolls, Tol,# ** * all give fuch Notice of determining his, her or their ContraCt as ^^Truftesfc freinbefore mentioned, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall be lawful &c. to relet

>r fuch Truilees or Commiflioners, if they think fit, forthwith to Tollr. rnfe the faid Tolls to be relet on a Day and at a Place to be by lem appointed, of which One Month’s Notice at leafl fhall be given,

} by the laid recited ACt of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of lis prefent Majefly is directed, and thereupon to proceed to relet be fame, and to relet the fame for the b> ft Price they may then be nabledto obtain for the fame, without being compelled to put up ie faid Tolls at the Sum at which they were Taft let, or to have any ther Meeting for the letting thereof; any thing in the faid recited L& to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That the Regulations of Weight R^gulailontcf \ the before mentioned ACt of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign j.*”,

f His prefent Maiefty fhall not be deemed or conftrued to extend not to extend a any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, laden with ’Manure for to Manure „and*«paifing through any Turnpike Gate, fo as to fubjeCt the Owner Waggon*, &«. r Driver thereof to the Payment of Toll in refpeCt of Over-weight, j^**^** y reafon of any empty Bafket or Bafkets, empty Sack or Sacks Bafkeu^Sad^ r Tubs, for more convenient Carriage, or Spade, Shovel or Fork, eceffary for loading or unloading fuch Manure, being in or upon ny fuch Waggon, Cart or Carriage, in addition to fuch Manure, if be Loading thereof is fubftantially Manure for Land as aforefaid ;

•rovided that the Fellies of the Wheels of fuch Carriages, Waggons,

*artsor other Carriages, are of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches >rmo e, and that fuch Waggon, together with the Loading thereof, hall not exceed Three Tons in the Summer, and Two Tons Ten modred Weight in the Winter ; and to every Cart having the Fellies if the Wheels of left Breadth than Six Inches, Two Tons in Winter,



Google

and

£D.i8ii.

f20	C145,146.'	5 a4 GEO.	HI.

arid Two Tons Ten hundred Weight in Sommer; sod tint it Hall •be deemed Summer frbiri the Firft Day of May to theTWtj firf Day of 0 Bober* both Days inclufive, and Winter from the Firtt Daj of November until the Thirtieth Day of April* both Day* indu&rt; any thing' in the faid A6fc of the Thirteenth Year of Hii prefant Majeft y, or any other A& contained to the contrary thereof notaith* ftanding.

‘VII. And whereas Coaches, Chariots, Chaifes, Chairs, Cam asd ‘ ether Carriages, fometimes pafs through Turnpike Gates, affixed,

*	tied or fecured to Waggons or Carts; and Horfes are fometimei fait

*	under the Charge of the Drivers of fuch Waggons and Carts, afed ‘ are fattened thereto, and it is expedient to determine what ToQs 4 fuch Coaches, Chariots, Chaifes, Chairs, Carta and other Carnages 4 and (Horfas, ought to pay on paffing through fuch Gates ;* Bek

Refutation as t« therefore enaded, That where any Coach, Chariot, Chaife or any °ther Carriage whatfoever with Four Wheels, (hall pafs through asr Ic. affia^to** Turnpike Gate, affixed, tied or fecured to any Waggon or Cart, it (hi Waggon*, ar. he liable to the fame Toll, and no more, as if it had paifed through or Saddle Horfes the faid Turnpike Gate drawn by Two Horfes 3 and in cafe ay Cent by Driven Chair, Cart or other Carriage whatfoever, with Two Wheels oak, •f Waggons. fhall pafs through any Turnpike Gate, fo affixed, tied or factored to any Waggon or Cart as aforefaid, it (hall be liable to the fatneTofi, and no more, as the fame would have been if paffing through the hid Gate drawn by One Horfe only; and where’ any Horfe (hill be fattened to but not ufed in drawing any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, fuch Horfe (hall not be liable to a higher ToD than t fingle Horfe ; provided, that if any Coach, Chanot, Chaife, Char, Cart or other Carriage, fo affixed, tied or fecured to atiy Wajrtfob or Cart, (hall have any Goods conveyed therein, other thatt the Hatsdi thereof, and fuch Articles of Package as may be necefikry for the Protection of fuch Carriages, the lame (hall be liable to Double the Toll hereby impofad.

PuMfr	VIII.	And	be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed and

ttkeb to be to Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice ofasfixk by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpedaHy pleaded

CAP. CXLVI.

Officiating Mi-niftert to keep Rsgiftert of Public and Private Bapufau of

An A& for the better regulating and preferving Parifh and other Regifters of Births, Baptifms, Marriages and Borah in England.	[28th	Jvd)	181a;]

* TTT HEREAS the amending the Manner and Form ofkbqfy 4 VV and of preferving Regifters of Baptifms Maitimr 1ltd 4 Burials, of His Majesty’s Sublets in the feverai PtorifhesatodPbm 4 in England* wiH greatly facilitate the' Proof of Pedigrees' of Pd'* 4 fons claiming to be entitled to Real' or Fwfonal EWtiti* sad fa 4 otherwife of great public Benefit and’ Advantage j* Be ittlavtftte enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and wfcfc tie Ad* vice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual mid Temporal, and €***&<*> in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Thirty firft Day of jDfanfa Oa thou (and eight hundred and twelve, Regifters of Pttbhfc mid PrArtfa Baptifms, Marriages and Burials, folemnixed actotfdbig td tfartffti of the United Church of England and M**d>«

Goo-

-

>-r8t2.	52'GEO.	lit.	0.146!

hapelries in England, whether fubjeft to the Ordinary or Peculiar, tlier Jurifdiftion, (hall be made and kept by the Reftor. Vicari ate or Officiating Minifter of every Parifti, (or of any Cndpetzy re the Ceremonies of Baptifm, Marriage and Burial hive beetf ally a nd may according to Law be performed) for the time beings fcdoks of Parchment, or of good and durable Paper, to be provided* His Majesty’s Printer as Occalion may require, at the Expence of refpe&ive rarifties or ChapelrieS; whereon (hall be printed, upon h Side of eVery Leaf, the Heads of Information herein required to entered in the Regifters of Baptifixis*. Marriages and Burials re-dtively, and every fuch Entry (hall be numbered progreffively from 1 Beginning to the End of each Book, the Firft Entry to be’dfffin* ilhed by Number One ; and every fuch Entry (hall be divided frorri : Entry next following by a printed Line, according to the Form# itainea in the Schedules'(A.) (B.) (C.) hereto annexed;' and ny Page of every fuch Book (hall be numbered with progreffive imbers, the firft Page being marked with the Number 1. in the iddle of the upper Part' of fuch Page, and every fubfequent Page ing marked in like manner with progreffive Numbers, from Ntim-t 1. to the End of the Book.

If. And, for better enfuring the Regularity arid tfniformity of ch Regifter Books, be it further enafted, That a printed Cbpy7 of is Aft, together with one Book fo prepared a# afbretiM, and' lapted to the Form of the Regifter of Baptifms preferibed in the* :hedu!e (A A to this Aft annexed; and alfo one othef Book fir reparedi as aforefaid, and adapted to the Form preferibed' for the eglfter of Marriages in the Schedule (B.) to thfo Aft annexed; id alfo one other Book fo prepared as aforefaid, arid adapted to le Form preferibed for the Regifter of Burials in the Sfchedme (C.) 1 this Aft annexed, (hall, as loon as conveniently may be after the affing of this Aft, be’ provided and transmitted^ by Hi# Majel^r*# Vinter to the Officiating Minifters of the fevfcral Parifftes and Cha-►elries iq England refpectively, who ar£ hereby required to rife and pply the fame in and to the Purpofes of this Aft; and fuch Books eipeftively (flail be proportioned to the Population of the feVerrif Softies and Cbapelries, according to the laft Returns of fuch Poptf-atioq made under the Authority of Parliament 5 and other Books of ike form and Quality (hall for the like Purpofes be furnifiled froni imeto time by the Churchwardens or Chapel wardens of every Pariffi )r Chapelry, at the Expence of the faid Pariffi or Chapelty, whenever they (tall tx ? required by the Reftor, Vica'ri Curate or Officiating Minifter to provide the fame j and all fuch' Books (hall be of Paper, iinlefs required to be of parchment by fubb Churchwardens or Chapel* Wardens rplpeftiyely, lit And be it further enacted, rPhat fuch Regifteto (hdH be kept Jnfuch feparate Rooks aforefaid, and that tvtrf lUchReftbr, Vicar, Curate or Officiating Minifter (hall as (oon as poffible after the Solemnization of every Baptifm, whether Private or Public, or Bund (ripe&ivety, record and enter in a fair and legible Haridwritrag, in the proper Regifter, Book to be provided, made and kept as aforefaH, wc fcveral particulars defeated in the feyeral SchedrifeS hfefeinbefdffc ^entipqed, and Rgn the fame ; and in no cafe, unfefs prevented by ojekaeft, or othft unavoidable Impediment, later than within SeVeh Pays after the Ceremony of any fitch' RaptlftA of Burial ffudl have pkce.



GocJVkAnd

$29

id

of Barhk

Parities to pro-vide fuitable Books for that PurpoCs,

EngVWsfcrts tranfmit to each Parifh a printed Copy of Aft, and Regifter Books adapted to Forms preferibed.

Regiftenfn feparate Regifter Books.

A.D. 1812.

C. 146.

52“ GEO. III.

Certificate of Baptifm, Icp. when performed in other Place than Parilh Church, ice. according to Schedule (D) Entry of Bap-tifm, Sec. diftroguitted accordingly.

Regifter Book* kept in Cuflody of Officiating sMinifter, in

Iron Cheft, pro-aided at Expence of Pariflu

Annual Copie* of Reg liters made 5 and aerified by Officiating Minilter.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That whenever the Ceranooj of

Baptifm or Burial (hall he performed in any other Place than the Parifti Church or Church Yard of any Parifti (or the Cbx^el or Chapel Yard of any Chapelry, providing its own diftinft Renter!) and fuch Ceremony (hall be performed by any Minifter not briag the Reftor, Vicar, Minifter or Curate of fuch Parifh or Chapelry, the Minifter who (hall perform fuch Ceremony of Baptifm or Burial (haft, on the fame or on the next Day, tranfmit to the Reftor, Vicar or other Minifter of fuch Parifti or Chapelry, or hia Curate, a Certificate of fuch Baptifm or Burial in the Form contained in the Schedule (D.) to this Ad annexed, and the Reftor, Vicar, Minifter or Curate of fuch Parifti or Chapelry, (hall thereupon enter fuch Baptifm or Burial according to fuch Certificate in the Book kept purlnaat to this Aft for fuch Purpofe ; and (hall add to fuch Entry the following Words, “ According to the Certificate of the Reverend M	tranfmitted to me on the	Day of	.*

V.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Books wherein fuch Entries (hall refpeftively be made, and all Regifter Books heretofore in ufe, (hall be deemed to belong to every fuch Parifti or Cb*. pelry refpeftively, and (hall be kept by and remain in the Power aad Cuftody of the Reftor, Vicar, Curate or other Officiating Mirafter of each refpeftive Parifti or Chapelry as aforefaid, and (hall be by lam fafely and fecurely kept in a dry well-painted Iron Cheft, to be provided and repaired as Occafion may require, at the Expence of the Parifti or Chapelry, and which faid Cheft containing the {aid Books (hall be conftantly kept locked in fome dry, fafe and fecure Place within the ufual Place of Refidence of fuch Reftor, Vicar, Curate or other Officiating Minifter, if refident within the Parifti or Cha-pelry, or in the Parifti Church or Chapel; and the faid Books (haft not, nor (hall any of them be taken or removed from or out of the laid Cheft, at any time or for any Caufc whatever, except for the Purpofe of makiug fuch Entries therein as aforefaid, or for the Infpeftion of Perfoos defirous to make fearch therein, or to obtain Copies from or out of the fame, or to be produced as Evidence in fome Court of Law or Equity, or to be infpefted as to the State and Condition thereof,, or for fome of the Purpofes of this Aft ; and that immediately after making fuch refpeftive Entries, or producing the laid Boob; refpeftively for the Purpofes aforefaid, the faid Books (hall forthwith again be fafely and fecurely depoGted in the faid Cheft.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That at the Expiration of Two Months after the Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and at the Expiration of Two Months after the End of every fubfequent Year, fair Copies of all the Entries of the feveral Baptifms, Marriages and Burials, which (hall have been folemnized or (hall have taken place within the Year preceding, (bl! be made by the Reftor, Vicar, Curate or other refident or Officiating Minifter, (or by the Churchwardens, Chapelwardens, Clerk or other Perfon duly appointed for the Purpofe, under and by the Direftioa of fuch Reftor, Vicar, Curate or other refident or Officiating Mimfter) on Parchment, in the fame Form as prescribed in the Schedules hereunto annexed (to be provided by the refpeftive Pariflhes) ; and the Contents of fuch Copies (hall be verified and figned in the Form following, by the Reftor, Vicar, Curate or Officiating Minifter of the Parifti or Chapelry to which fuch refpeftive Regifter Book (hall ap. pertaio.

	'	*

LD.1812.	520 GEO. III.	C.146.	Sji

J A. B. Re&or [er, at the cafe may be"\ of the Parifti of C. [or, of the Chapelry of Z).] in the County of E. do hereby folemnly declare. That the feveral Writings hereto annexed, purporting to be Copies of the feveral Entries contained in the feveral Regifter Books of Baptifms, Marriages and Burials, of the Parifti or Chapelry aforefaid, from the	Day	of	to	the

Day of	are	true	Copies	of	all	the	feveral	Entries in the

faid feveral Regifter Books refpe&ively from the faid Day of	to	the	faid	Day of	;

and that no other Entry during fuch Period is contained in any of fuch Books refpe&ively, are truly made according to the befl of my Knowledge and Belief.	Signed	A.	B	*

Which Declaration (hall be fairlv written, without any Stamp, on the faid Copy immediately after tile laft Entry therein ; and the Signature to fuch Declaration (hall be attefted by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, or One of them, of the Parifti or Chapelry to which fuch Regifter Books (hall belong.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That Copies of the faid Regifter Annual Copto Books, verified and attefted as aforefaid, (hall, whether fuch Parifti Regifter

or Chapelry (hall be fubje& to the Ordinary, Peculiar or other Ju- tra!!f‘ u-difdi&ion, be transmitted by fuch Churchwardens or Chapelwardens,	n V

after they, or One of them, (hall have figned the fame, by the Poft, to ** °	1	^

the Regiftrars of each Diocefe in England within which the Church or Chapel (hall be fituated, on or before the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and on or before the Firft Day	,

of June in every fubfeauent Year.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Regiftrar of every Regiftrars to Diocefe in England (hall, on or before the Firft Day of July One mak* Report* thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and on or before the Firft Day t0 Biihop®, of July in every fubfequent Year, make a Report to the Biftiop of

fuch Diocefe, whether the Copies of the Regifters of the Baptifms,	00.

Marriages and Burials, in the feveral Parifties and Places within fuch Dioceie have been fent to fuch Regiftrar, in the manner and within the time herein required ; and in the Event of any Failure Qf the Tranfmifiion of the Copies of the Regifters as herein required, by the Churchwardens and Chapelwardens of any Parifti or Chapelry in England, the Regiftrar (hall ftate the Default of the Parifti or Chapelry, fpecially in his Report to the Biftiop.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the Re&or, Vicar or officiating Mi-• other Officiating Minifter or Curate of any Parifti or Chapelry (hall nifter negUct-

negle& or refute to verify and fign fuch Copies of fuch feveral Regifter Jjjs *°

Books, and fuch Declaration as aforefaid, io that the Churchwardens J^BooL ***** or Chapelwardens (hall not be able to tranfmit the fame, as required churchwaWo* by this A&, fuch Churchwardens or Chapelwardens (hall, within the to certify" " ^ time required by this A& for the Tranfmifiion thereof, certify fuch Default*. ~ ' Default to the Regiftrar of the Diocefe within which fucb Parifti or*	.	-t

Chapelry (hall be, who (hall .fpecially ftate the fame in his Report to the Biftiop of fuch Diocefe.	1

X.	And, for the obtaining of Returns and Regifters of Baptifms Places where n* and Burials in Extra-parochial Places in Englandwhere there is no Church, fcc. ' Church or Chapel, be it further ena&ed. That in all cafes of the Memorandum Baptifm of any Child, or the Burial of any Perfon in any Extra- delivered^* * parochial Place in England, according to the Rites of the Ellabliftied Officiating Mi-Church, where there is no Church or Chapel, it (hall be lawful for nifter of adjofj-tl»e Officiating Minifter, within One Month after fuch Baptifm or inS Pari^

Burial,

*32

,Ci4<.

GEO. ra.

A.D. i^tl

Letters, fcc. coouiaing Annual Copies dT RegHUr Books free of Pottage.

Annual Copies •fRegifter Book* when trsnfmitted to Regiftran, kept from Damage*

Alphabetical

Lifts*

'Council oh before xft March 18x3, ttfpe£Hng proper Places foe Preservation of

>&*&**$ ter Books, as

well as Original Wills in each ’Dipcefe; and frnrRemuneration of Regifi tas* Officer*.

Burial, to deliver to the Redor, Vicar.or Curate of fuch PutA immediately adjoining to the Place in which fuch Baptifm orfkrai/hall -take place, as the Ordinary fhall dired, a Memorandum of f»j< Baptifm or Burial, figned by fuch Parent of the Child baptized, pr a Memorandum of fuch Burial, figned by the Perfon employed ^ooC -the fame, together witlrTwo ofthe Perfons attending the fame, according as the Nature pf the cafe may refpedively require ; and oej fuch Memorandum refpedively fhall contain all fuch Particulars at m hereinbefore required ; and .every fuch Memorandum delivered us the Redor, Vicar or Curate of any fuch adjoining Partfh or Chzpdry; fhall be entered in the Regifter of his Panfh, and form a Part thereof.

Xi. And be it further enaded, That tbe^6uperfcriptk>n upon afl Letters and Packets containing the Copies" of fuch Parifh or other Regifters, to be tranfmitted by the Poft-to thefevtral Officesof At faid Regiftrars -as aforefaid, fhall be indorfed and figned by the Churchwardens or 'Chapelwardens of every icfpedire Parifr aai Chapelry -in England, in the 'Boon contained m Schedule (L); and that all fuch Letters -and Packets fhall be qarried and om-veved by means of His MajestyYPoft Office to, and be ddheni at the Offices of the faid Regiftrars, without Pottage or other Chop being paid or payable<for the fame.

Xil. And be it .further enaded, That when and fo often as We Copies of the (aid Regifter Books of Baptifms, Marriages and Buisfc as aforefaid, and alfothe faid Lifts of Births, Baptilms, Min iqWi •r Burials as afoiafaid, fhall be traafmitted to -the Office of it .laid yRegiftrars refpedively, as aforefaid, purfuant to the Dimffiiki hereinbefore contained for that Purpofe, the faid Regiftm* .refpedively caufe all the faid Books and Lifts to be fafdy mi (ecurely depofited, kept and preferred from Damage or De&rofiSa by Fire or otherwife, and to be carefully arranged-for the Porsifc of being reforted to as Occaiion may require; and the (aid Regiftrars refpedively fhall alfo caufe coned alphabetical Lifts tok made and kept in Books fuitable to the Purpole, of.the Names of A Perfons and Places-mentioned .in fuch Books and Lifts as ftnU-Ue been tranfmitted to the (aid Regiftrars refpedively, which shh betjealLifts and Books, and -alfo the Copies of Regifters io tranfmitted to the faid Regiftrars as ^brefaid, fhallbe open-to pah-lie* Search at all reafonable-tunes on Payment of $ie ufual Fees.

* XIII. And whereas in many Diocefes the Places wlp9da-l)r

•	Copies of the Parochial Regifters of Baptifras, Marriages tad «< Burials, as well as the original Wills proved within the fan* rripec-

•	titely are kept, are infu&ient for their .being prtfervedwilh dm

•	Care; for which a Remedy ihould be applied in -thofe Diocefcf ( where it fhall be. found necenary f Be it further enaded, That, is order to a. due Examination thereof, the BHhop, together with tie Cuflodu Rotvlorum of the ieveral Counties within each Diocde, mi the Chancellor thereof, (hall, before the Firft Day of jfcirarp&r thousand eight hundred and thirteen, caufe a careful Survey loir made of the feveral Places in which the Parochial Regifters, aside Wills proved within-the Diocefe,-are kept; and fhall -make a Report to His Msjefty’a ,Moft Honourable Privy Couucil, of the Staked the* fame, on or befofe the Firft Dayof March following, fcttog forth ip each cafe whether the Buildings are in all refpeds .fit jm proper for the Prefervation of Papers of the above Defcripriw, p well with xefpod to Space as to Security from Fire, and to Prote&m



Google

cmr Damp* and if not,.at what .probablepEspence they <#n be n^de ; and where the Inftruraentsand Papers before mentioned are kept Dwell ing-houfes or other <Pkces, which cannot be made *fit apd cure for the due Prefervfition (hereof, then and in fuch qafe the erfons before named (hall enquire.and report in like manner at what ^xpepce.proper Buildings may be provided, .and in.what Places, fo i to haye ope Place within ^ach Diocefe for the due Prefervation f all fuch Regifters and Wills ; together with (heir Opipion upon ie molt fuitable Mode of remunerating* jthe Officers employed in each egiftry, fpr their additional Trouble and Expence in carrying the toviltons of this A& into Execution.

XIV.	And be it further epa&ed, Thpt if any Perfon (hall know-igly and wilfully infert, or capfe, or permit to be inferted in any >ch Regifter .Book of fuch Baptifrps, Burials or Carriages as forefaid, or in any fuch Copy of any fuch Rqg4fiter fo dire&ed 3 he tranbnitted to the JRegiftrars as .aforqfajd, 0r in any fuch .HU pr Declarations plfo directed to be tranCmitted to fuch Re-iftr?nas aforefaid, any falfe Entry of any Matter or Thiqg relating o any Baptifm, Burial or Marriage, or (hall fidfely make, alter, forge r counterfeit, or caufe or procure, or wilfully permit to be falfely lade, .altered, forged or counterfeited, any Part of any fuch Renter, Lift or Declaration, or of any fuch Copy of any fuch Refiner ; or j(hall .wilfully deftroy, deface or injure, or caufe or procure, or permit to be deftroyed, defaced or injured,. any fuch Re-pJUr Book, or any Part thereof $ or (hall knowingly and wilfully igto, pr certify any Copy , of any fuch Regifter hereby required to be tanfnptted as afprefaifi» which (hall be falfe in any Part thereof, Laowjpg (he fame to be falfe \ every Perfon fo offending, and.being hereof lawfully cpnyi&ed, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty >f FcJooy, mid (hall i>e ti^apfpor^ad for the Term of Fourteen Years.

XV.	Provided always, apd be it enaded. That po ReAor, Vicar, Cu^ate or Qfficiatipg Mipjftcr pf.pny Parifh or Chapel,^wbo (hall difcoyer any Error to .been committed in the Form or Sub-ftapee of the * En(ry jn :the Regifter Book of any fuch Baptifm, Burial or.M?CTia£e, re^pe&ively by him folemnized, (hall be iiable to, all. or any of (he Penalties herein mentioned,, if he (hall within One Calendar, Month after the Difooyery ,of fu^h Error, in the Prefcnpe of the Parent orParpnts of. tbe Child .whofe Baptifm may have h^n entered jn fuch Regifter, pr of. t}ie Parties married, or in the Pretence of Two Perfons whofeallh^ve attended at any Burial, or in cafejof the Death or Abfegcerpf the refpe^ive Parties aforefrid^thenjin th* Prefence of the Qhupch^depB or Cjbapelwardens, (,^ho rfeall;se-fpe^jrely atteft (be fepae) aiter and^cpireft the JjLptnr w^h.ftudl have been found erroneous, according :to^ the Tgitb mt the cafe, by Eatry: ia the?Margin ?f lhejBoqk wherein fuc]h erronpops Entry (fcjtll tavqhe^n, made^thput any, ^tera|ionpr O Wd^Uon of ihe^rigmal

finch $&-

J&m(he Pay pf.therY«b when.M.(M|0n(P heflHrfet :P«W<fed atfo,,tfet in jfeeiair

fpe^ively whkh, feallbe ;(r$mfe)ittcd to tthe JR^gjftrans of tjie Djo-tbe feid iReftor, Vi^rf)Cu^e (or Qfi^Ugg , certify (he, AUcyatipps fo nja^ hyjnun as afortftd.

XVI.	Frqyijledi^ays, That pot^g intt^Aft contained, (hfll io any manner dimiaifli orir^afe.riie Feesb^twre payable orof j^igh^due to any Miniiter for the Performance of any of the before

9*	^	mentioned

vjOCK^lC

Falfe Entries, or falfe Copies of Entries, or alter* ing, Sec. Regifter Book.

TcaaifwtutiQB. Perfons committing accklentat Errors not affected, if duly so treked according to Truth of ode.

Fees heretofore* payable;

A.D.i8ro.

Provif# for.

Copy of Regiftef Books not fab-lea to Sump Duty.

Application of Beaalticfc

Lift of extant Regifter Books tranfmitted to Regiftrar before ill June 1813.

Ad to extend to Churches and Chapels not Parochial

Marriage Ad,

46 G. a. c. 33. ' Provifofor.

c.14 6.	526geo. nr.

mentioned Duties, or to any Minifter or Regiftrar, for giving Copies of fuch Regiftrations, but that all due legal and accuftorocd Fees on fuch Occafions, and all Powers and Remedies for Recovery thereof, (hall be and remain as though this Ad had not been made.

XVII.	Provided alfo,.and be it enaded, That no Duplicate or Copy of any Regifter of Baptifm, Marria/e or Burial, made under the Diredions and for the Purpofes of this Ad, (hall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty thereon ; any Ad now in force to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That One Half of the Amount of all Fines or Penalties to be levied in purfuance of this Ad (hall go to the Perfon who (hall inform or fue For the fame ; and the Remainder of fuch Fines as (hall be impofed on any Churchwarden or Chapel warden (hall go to the Poor of the Pari(h or Place for which fuch Churchwarden or Chapelwarden (hall ferve ; and the Remainder of fuch Fines as (hall be impofed on any Redor, Vicar, Minifter or Curate or Regiftrar, (lull be paid and applied to fuch Charitable Pur-pofes, in the County within which the Parifti or Place fhall be, as (hall be appointed and direded by the Biftiop of the Dh'cefe.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That the Redor, Vicar, Cnnte or Officiating Minifter of every Parifh and Chaptlry in Jngletd, whether fubjed to the Ordinary, Peculiar or other Jurifdidion, Hull tranfmit to the Regiftrar of the Diocefe in which the Pariffi or Chapelry (hall be (ituated, before the Firfl Day of June One 'thousand eight hundred and thirteen, a Lift of all Regifters which now are in fuch Parifti or Chapelry refpedively, dating the Periods at which they refpedively commence and terminate, the Periods (:f any) for which they are deficient, and the Places where they are deposited.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the Prorifiocs in this Ad (hall extend, fo far as circumftances will permit, to Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and Chapels of Colleges or Hof. pitals, and the burying Grounds belonging thereto; and to the Minifters who (hall officiate in fuch Cathedral or Collegiate Churches, and Chapels of Colleges or Hofpitals, and burying Grounds refpre-tively, and (hall baptize, marry or bury any Perfon or Perfbns, although fuch Cathedral or Collegiate Churches or Chapels of Colleges or Hofpitals, or the burying Grounds belonging thereto, may not be parochial, or the Minifters officiating therein may not be, U fuch, parochial Minifters, and there (hall be no Churchwarden or Churchwardens thereof; and in all fuch cafes, the Books herrb-before direded to be provided, (hall be provided at the Ex pence of the Body having Right to appoint the Officiating Minifter in every fuch Cathedral or Collegiate Church or Chapel of a College or Hdl-pital 5 and Copies thereof fhall be tranfmitted to the Regiftrar of the Diocefe within which fuch Cathedral or Collegiate Church or Chapel of a College or Hofpital (hallbe, by the Officiating Minifter of fuch Church, m like mariner as is herein direded with refpett to parbehial Minifters, and (hall be attefted by Two of the Officers of Fuch Church, College or Hofpital, as the Copies of parochial Regifters are herein direded to be attefted by Churchwardens: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend to repeal any Proviuon contained in an Atl palled in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second* intituled An AQ for better preventing Clandejline Marriages.

SCHE-

	

o

M

o

cm

a-

g

eg

8.

cr

<

(D

o



SCHEDULES to which this A£I refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

i.

BAPTISMS folemnized in the Parifh of St. A. in the County of 3. in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

. When Baptized.	Child’s Chriftian Name.	Parents Name.		Abode.	Quality, Trade or Profefiion.	By whom the Ceremouy was performed^
		Chriftian.	Surname.			
1813. ijl February  No. 1.	John Son of	William  Elizabeth		m  Lambeth.		
3 dMarch No. 2.	Ann Daughter of	Henry  Martha		Fulham.		

co

O



00 *

V

• D.1812.	520	GEO.	III.	C.	145.

83<J

C-ia6.

Si°Gzo.m.

SCHEDULE (B.)



MARRIAGES folemnized in the Parifh of St. A. in the County of 5.

ia the Year One-UM>ufand eight himdned aod tairt—.

^•Aof {;t}pari,h

and C. of j ^ J Parifh

were marked in this |	ct'fl} by fjjf" } with C<*fent of |

this	Day of V'	in	the	Year

f ReS$r ) By me, I. I. ) Fuer >

I Citrate)

f A B

This Marriage was folemnized between us j g q In the Prefence of | ^7 ^

SCHEDULE (C.)

\.....................■	,	—...	■	l	K	tmm

BURlKLS in the Parifh of A. in the County pf B. in the Yew 0* thoufand eight hundred ai^d thirteen*

Name.	Abode.	'When Buried.	Age.	ty  the <jtr«*pnj Mfi jv rfortned
John Wilfo7\ No. I.	DAt $rreet9 IVe/iminfer.	*£13. ijl May.	62	

T

SCHEDULE (D.)

dt hereby certify, that I did on the 'baptize according to the Rites of the United Ckwd® Sou (or Daughter) af	and

his Wife, by the Name of

To the Rt&or [or, as tht cafe may of

T	do	hereby	certify,	that	$ui the	D^y	of

A B. '«f	aged	was	bused	ir.	[fetaf

the Place of Burial], and that the Ceremony of Burial was performed according the Rites of the United Church of England aiid Ireland, by me,

To the Reftor [or, as the cafe may le] of

* Day of*

England and Ireland\





svwQ-m

SCHEPW ifi.)



in

—	..I ■ 11 ■ ■■ ■■ ■ ■■■	■ ■ ———^iwp,

To the Regi^r of jthy D^ocefe of at

b1 Ghundiwardena (or Chapelwardens) of the Pariih (of J	[or	fitch	other	Defcription	as the cafe Jhallreqwrc\*

... I ,	  ^	»"■»	^l"^l|	l|	11	»	WHWW	I	I	IJIIIMJ,	-

c A ?• C£Lvy.

An Aflt for regulating the Allowances granted out of the Duties of Aflefledv Taxej, to Perfons in refpeflfc of tjie Number of their Children, by an A§ pajjTed in the Forty fijctji Year of His prefect Majesty; and for extending th^

^Limitation i^epticpied in tlje faid jin Proportion to -thp Increase 9f fa*d I)utjes.	£*8Ui Judy 18x2.]

WHEREAS by an A& paffed in the Forty fuuh Year of the

peign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An 4& to grata 46 G. 3. c.

* certain Allowances out of the Duties under the Management of the f x.

€ Commjffoncrs for rise Affairs of Taxes, to Ptrfpns in refptB of the € If umber of their Children, certain Allowances were granted to'Per*

4 Tons having refoe&ively more than Two ChU&teiTborn in lawfid ,

Wedlock and ona fide maintained at their Ex pence, to be com-f puted on the Amount of the Duties affefled on them by virtue of t certain Aits therein recited, in cafe the Total Amount thereof for One Year fhould be under Forty Pounds: And whereas 4&

€ Duties panted by the Ads therein recited have been confohdated, and certain other Duties have been added thereto, by an Ad pailed * in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His faid Majesty, id-f tit u led An A& for repealing the Duties of AffeJfcdTaxes and granting ^g g. 3. c. 55, siew Duties in lieu thereof, and certain additional Duties to be com-folidated therewith ; and alfo for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game * Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be placed * under the Management of the Commijfioners for the Affairs of Taxes ;

4 and certain other additional Duties of AfiefTed Taxes h^ve alfo been 4 granted by an A£l of the prefent Sefiipn of Parliament, intituled * An A8 for granting to His Majtjty certain new and additional Sfr 5*3 4 Duties of AJejfe d Taxes ; and for omfolsdating the fome with the for-4 mer Duties of Ajfrjfrd Taxes:	whereas	it	is expedient to

4 authorize the faid Allowances to be computed and grafted on the 4 Amount of the Duties to be aftefted under the faid laftmentioned 4 A6ts, and the Limitation thei^of to be extended in Proportion W 4 the increafed Amount as hereinafter mentioned ;9 Be it therefore eoa&ed by the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, by ,and with the Allowances Advice at\d Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Teuypora), and granted by Mt Commons, ip this prelent Parliament afteipbled, and -by the Authority rcclt«d Ad com-of the fame, That the Allowances granted by the Isyd recited Amount of A6i (hall, from and after the palling of this A6t, be computed and Dutic* charje-granted on the Amount of tl^e Duties chargeable by virtpeof theftud able by Twd laft Acts of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid and of the prefent Seffionof recited Adj» Parliament: Provided, that the Total Amount of $1 tfhe Affefftpents

3 H a	’ • on m “

VjOOQlC

S38	C*i47>	148,149.	520	GEO.	HI.

A.D. 1812.

on each Claimant for the whole Year (hall in each cafe be under Forty five Pounds Sterling.

CAP. CXLVIII.

An Aft to enable the Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe for the Time being, to difpofe of and transfer all fuch Public Stocks or Funds, as now do or (hall hereafter ftand in his Name, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Truft for His Majesty.

4 TT7HEREAS certain Sums of Money are now Handing in an 4 VV Account raifed in the Books of the Governor and Com-4 pany of the Bank of England, intituled The Account of the Keeper 4 of Hit Majejly't Privy Purfe, in Truft for His Maieffy ; and it is 4 neceffary to fell and difpofe of fucb Stocks or Funds, or a compe-4 tent Part thereof, to enable the Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy 4 Purfe to make fuch Payments as be is by Law direfted to make; 4 and Doubts are entertained whether the Keeper of the Privy Purfe 4 hath any Authority to make and execute Transfers of fuch Stocks 4 or Funds, to the Perfon or Perfons who may become the Purchafer 4 or Purchafers thereof, or whether the Governor and Company of 4 the Bank of England could lawfully permit and fufifer fuch Trans-4 fers to be made without the Authority of Parliament for fo 4 doing:1 Be it therefore enaded by the King** Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled,

Keeper of Hji and by the Authority of the fame, That the Keeper of His Matty's Privy p^vy Purfe for the Time being be and he is hereby authorized and

«**1*ia«* finrl qo	flinll	in	hie	inti	fhinlr	f	Sa	mulrA

owered, when and as he (hall in his Difcretion think fit, to make

of and transfer and aflign all or any Part of the Public Stocks or

Funds now Handing, or which (hall or may at any time or times hereafter ftand, in the Books of the faid Governor and Company, 00 an Account, intituled The Account of the Keefer of Hit Majeflft Privy Purfe ; and the faid Governor and Company are hereby authorized and required to permit and fuffer the fame to be transferred and afiigned accordingly, and (hall be and they are hereby indemnified for fo doing.

and to account II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enaded, tor Proceeds to That the Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purfe for the Time being Perfons autho. .(hall and he is hereby require} to account for the Proceeds of all rued to audit fuch Stocks qr Funds as (hall be fold by him by virtue of or under

Aeenuntt	•	a	m	m	F.	at	m.	A	«	.

the Authority of this Ad, to fuch Perfons as are by Law authorized to receive and audit fuch Accounts.

CAP. CXLIX.

An Aft to regulate the Separation of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit Dealers to fend out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight without Permit, until the End of Two Years from the paffing of this Ad.

4 TT J HERE AS by the Laws in force, the repacking of Coffee 4 VV in the Warchoufes, and the Separation of the damaged 4 Part from the found, is only permitted when the Article is intended

*	4	for

[28th July 1812.]

[28th July 1812.]



C '

A-D.iJia.

520GEO. m.

C.149.

*39

*	for Exportation, and it has been found that very great Quantities

*	of unfound and unwholefome Coffee have been brought into Home € Ufe, to the great Injury of the Interefts of the Grower and the

*	Health and Comfort of the ConfumerFor Remedy whereof, be

it ena&ed by the King’s Molt Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this A&, upon the Importation of Coffee the Growth of any Britijh Colony, Plantation or Settlement in Afia,	Africa or America,	or upon	the Importation

of Coffee condemned	as Prize,	it (hall	and may	bs lawful	within

Fourteen Days after	the fame	(hall have been	depofited	in any

Warehoufes (wherein	the fame	may be	fecured	according	to the

Laws in force), or if the Duty is paid down upon the Firft Entry thereof, then before the Delivery of fuch Coffee, for every Importer thereof, under the Superintendence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms and Excife, to feparate the damaged Coffee from the undamaged Parts thereof, in order that the undamaged and merchantable Parts may be repacked into Cades or Bags, and that the damaged Parts may be packed in Calks ; and in every fuch cafe the faid Importer, under the Superintendence of fuch Officer or Officers, lhall mark or caufe to be marked on every Bag or Calk containing the Coffee fo feparated as undamaged the Word M Sound” in black Paint in the front of each Bag or on the Head of each Calk, in Letters at leaft Two Inches long, and upon the Calks containing the Coffee fet apart as damaged, the Words u For u Exportation and the faid Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife is and are hereby empowered and directed to call in to his or their Affiftance in fuch Selection, the proper Officer or Officers who is or are accuftomed to tare and (ample Coffee in the public Warehoufes and Docks on Behalf of fuch Importer.

II. And be it ena&ed. That in all public Docks and Warehoufes in the United Kingdom in which Coffee is at prefent received and ftored, or lhall or may at any time hereafter be received and ftored, the damaged Coffee lhall be carefully fele&ed and feparated from the found Coffee, and the proper Officer or Officers in the faid Docks and Warehcmfcs are hereby required and dire&ed to make fuch Selc&ion and Separation accordingly : Provided always, th^t before any Officer or Officers of His Majesty’s Cuftoms or Excife lhall proceed to feparate the damaged and unmerchantable Coffee, fuch Officer or Officers is and are hereby required upon Application in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons in whole Name the faid Coffee lhall have been warehoufed, to give Notice to him or them of the precife Period when it is the Intention of the faid Officer or Officers to proceed tp feparate the fame, in order that he or they may attend or appoint fome Perfon to attend fuch Separation in his or their Behalf; anjd if on fuch Separation it Ihould appear to the faid Party, or his. or their Agent fo to be appointed and being prefent upon the Occa-fion, that from Negligence or Ignorance of the Quality of the Coffee pn the Part of the Officer or Officers, or from any other Caufe, a greater or fmaller Proportion thereof is fele&ed as damaged and unfit Tor Ufe in this Country, than in the Judgment of fuch Importer,, pr his, her or their Agent, Ihould have been fo felected, that then and in every fuch cafe it lhall and may be lawful for the Commilfioners

3H3	n 1	oi



Importers may under Superintendence of Officer, feparate damaged Coffee-from found. .

Bags or Calks when Coffee re-packed marked.

Notice given Officer of time intended for Separation of found from damaged Coffee.

On Complaint of Importer, Com-roiffioners of Cuftoms may order Coffee feparated to be refurveyed.

$4<J	G.149.	$a°6ft)-Xn.	JUfci6t2.

6f the Cuftofrs in England and ScdVftznd r^foeftiWy, it iriy Three 6r ihore of them, upori the Aft&ttSt df frf6E Imrjbtfter, or his or their Agent, and upon AppFiCJrtibti for that Pbrpbfc, fo 6n!er arid ffire& that the faid Cbffoe mail be refurVeye'd By TWb indifferent and difinterefted Mdrchatfts br Brokers experienced in the Nature and Value of the Article, who upon vrewirig the feme flrttt certify and declare upon their dorporal OdtKi before the priricrfkl Officers of the Cultoms {who are hereby riuthorifed to adniiniffer the fameJ th€ir Opinion and Determination as to the ^JStiire and Extent of the Damage femahied, which Opinion bud Determination ftaill be binding Coffoe and cOndaflve oh dl Parties: Provided alwifta, that in every foch not deWred til! ^afe the reaforiaHe Expence of the Perforrs. lo to be employed fcaH repacked for Ex- fee b6me by the Importer of Che (aid Coffee: Provided alfo, that Ciflucf not left	damaged Coffee fhall not be delivered out of the Warehonft

than 4001b*, trhtil the ume fhal! have been repacked For Exportation in Cafks containing each hot lefs thari Four Hundred Pounds net Weight Avoirdupois, except by the fpecial P^rmiffion of the CbmnhfSoner? of His Majefly’s Cultoms arid. Excife in England and Scotland refpe&ively, which they, or ariy Three of them, are hereby authorized to graht, bn Proof to their Satisfaftiou of the Expediency of permitting the fame to be exported in fmaller Packages, and on Security to the SatisYiftion of the faid Cortnfiiffibners of the Cuftoms beiug fjirft given by the Exporter at the Rate of Ten Pounds per Hundred Weight that the fame fliall be duly Exported.

Dair.aged Coffee III. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafes where tire damaged mixed with Par- parts of any particular or diftinft Parcel of Coffee fhall in the Whole cels of damaged ^ lefs jn Qua„tjty than Four hundred Poimds net, it fhall and may up0Quantiry of ^ lawfol for the proper Officer of the Cufloms and Excife, at the 4001b*.	Rcqneft	jof	the Importer or Proprietor, upon due Notice being

given to the proper Officers of Cufloms and Excife, to mix the fame with any other damaged Coffee belonging to him or them which may h^v6 been fet apart for the Purpofc of Exportation in Cafks containing riot lefs than Four hundred Pounds as before mentioned; and in like mariner it fhall be lawful for the faid Officer or Officers, at the joint .Requefl of any Two or more Importers or Proprietors, to mix any Parcels of fuch Coffee to them refpedtively belonging, Fot the Purpofe of miking the Parika gris of the Weight required by this A A previous to Exportation, fuch Requeft being made in Writing by the laid refpeftive Importers or Proprietors to tne proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftomsarid Excife tefpeftively as aforefaid.

H©* Coffee rt- * IV. Arid Whereas it is expedient that as far as practicable the packed.	1 Identity of the Packages in which the Coffee is imported fhafl

4 bejpreferved,> Be it therefore ena£ed, That upon the Separation of 4ny Coffee imported either in Cafks or Bags, trie undamaged Parts fhall in the Firft Place be put into the Packages in which the fame tW?re imported, beginning with the loweft Number and following in regular numerical Order j and that it fhall and maybe lawful for the Importer or Importers, or Proprietor or Proprietors, to enter and pay the Duties for and in refpeft of fuch undamaged Coffee for Home Coftfumption, and to remove the fame from and out of the Wari-\fibufe ndtwithflanding the Quantity of fbch undamaged Coffee may be lefs in ^oantity thah Otfe huridred Pounds Weight 4 any thitig <bitiained in any totter Aft to the contrary nciwithftanding.

5	V.	AW



D.iSii.	5a0	(BED.	IH.	C.i	j@.

And be ft frirthft enafted, That where fach Separation of the Account ukea. lamagred from the damaged Coffev (hail hare been made as afore-i9 at coWeft Account fhall be taken by the proper Officer or Officers the cmda*u»ged Coffee remaining in the original Packages, and of

QiWrrfftits of damaged Coffee packed into Cafks asafortfaid j aod 3fi Application m Writing to the faid Officer or Officers, a Copy fa£h Acconnt fhall be delivered forthwith by him or theto to the fxirter or Proprietor thereof with the Mkrk, Number and Weight eTftJh Package, diftingtitfiiing fuch Parts at are undamaged froto which have bee* fet apart for Exportation,

' VI. And Whereas by an Aft made in the Tenth Year of the xoG.x.c.xo» Reign of His late Majesty King George the Firft, among other thhftgW* fir repealing attain Du tits therein mentioned payable upon Coffee 4 7e*, Cocoa Nutty Chocolate and Cocoa Pnjk imported* and for t;ranting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof* and for better afcet-taining the Duties payable upon Coffee* Tea, and Cocoa Nuts imported* it was, among other things* endfted, that no Coffee exceeding the § j& Quantity of Six Pounds Weight fhonl<J be removed, or carried from any Part of this Kingdom by Land or by Water without a Permit or Certificate as is therein mentioned, upon Pain of forfeiting the Coffee which fhoald be fonnd carrying from one Place to another without fuch Permit or Certificate, together with the Cauiitcrfe, Bags, Jam, Tubs, Box<ft, Cafkb aild other Veffels or Package trhatfoever containing the ftdlet And whereas it is expedient tb exempt from the faid Forfeiture all fuch Coffee not exceeding the Weight of Eight Pounds, and the Canifters, Bags,

Jars, Tuba, Boxes* Cafks and other Vefiels or Packages whatsoever containing the fame ;* Be it tlterefufre ena&ed, That, from and Coffee of fter the paling bf this Aft, nd Coffee of the Quantity of Eight Quantity of 81b. \mvtds Weight or under, nor any Caniftera, Bags, Jats, Tubs,

[taxes, Calks or other Veffels or Packages wbatfoever containing ^^*4. he fhfrte, fbaH be fubjeft or liable to Forfeiture for being found carrying or Carried from one Place to Another without fuch Permit or Certificate * any tiling in the faid Aft or in any other Aft or A6ts of Parfiatnent tb the contrary in any wife notwithftaading.

Vll.	Atrd be it further Cnafted, Tbfct the fcveral Rules, Regu- Regulations re-latk>t£, Reftriftionsi, Pfovifions, Powers, Ctahfes, Matters and Thiogs fpefting Coffee rnafted by the LawB of Cuftoms and Excife in force On and imroe- Dut hereby diateiy before the faffing of this Aft, in relation to Coffee imported	tocon-

ar.d warehoufed, not being exprefsly repealed, revoked, altered or contrbuled by this prefent Aft, or repugnant to the Provriions herein contained, fhall remain and continue in as full Force and Effeft as if	'	-

this Aft hid not been made.

• VIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Importers and Proprietors of Coffee now lodged in the different Docks and Warehouse of this Kingdom, or which may be imported previously to the * mffing of this Aft, fhould be permitted to avail themfelves of the 1 leveral Claufes, Provifions and Regulations hereinbefore contained « and provided,1 Be it tlierefore enafted, That it (had and ihay be Ragulmionsof lawful to and for the Importers or Proprietors of any Coffee, which Aft to extend to fhall at the time of paifing this Aft be in atty Warehoufe in which Cofo*' ware-Coffee may by the Laws now in Force be lodged or fectmrd before	hc*?™

Payment of tire Duties, or which fhall be imported previous to the	ot

Cotonwncenaeut of this Aft* to fi|nify by himfelf or tbemielves, or



Google

*'

«A.D.i8ii.

841	C.	149,150.	.52°	GEO.	HI.

Continuance of

a a.

his or their Agent or Agents in Writing to the Coraroiffionm of His Majesty’s Cuftoms and Excifc, the Wifh or Dehre of fuch Importers or Proprietors to take in refped of any fuch Coffee the benefit of the feveral Claufes, Proyifions and Regulations hereinbefore contained and provided, as to Coffee to be imported after the Commencement of this Ad, and all fuch Importers or Proprietors of my fuch Coffee, or his, her or their Agent or Agents (hall in every fuch cafe be entitled to have the damaged Part of any fuch Coffee . feparated from the undamaged Part thereof, in the fame manner and fubjed to the fame Regulations and Provifions in all refpecU as are hereinbefore contained or provided with refped to Coffee to be imported after the Commencement of this Ad.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall continue and be in force from the palling thereof until the End of Two Years and no longer.

CAP. CL.

An Ad to amend an Ad palled in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain) fo far as regards the Duties granted on Medicines and on Licences for vending the fame.	[28th	July	1812.]

4 TTfHEREAS by an Ad pafied in the Forty fourth Year of 44 G. 3. c. 98.	* VV His prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to repeal

•	feveral Duties under the Commifftoners for managing the Duties bfict 4 Stamped Vellum,' Parchment and Pater in Great Britain, andn

Sch. B.	4 grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof certain ad valorem

4 Stamp Duties were impofed on divers Medicines and Medicinal Pns

*	parations fpecified and deferibed in the Schedule of Drugs, Herbs, 4 Pills, Waters, Effences, Tindures, Powders, Preparations and 4 Compoiitions thereunto annexed : And whereas it is expedient that 4 the laid Schedule (hould be repealed and an amended Schedule 4 enaded in lieu thereof, and that the faid Ad (hould be amended:’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s Moll Excellent Majetty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commous, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Autbo-

ScV.h !c to An r«ty of the fame, That, from and after the Firft Day of September p-p ..lv«i,and m- One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, the Schedule of Drugs, tti ui t'lertof Herbs, Pills, Waters, Effences, Tindures, Powders, Preparations .Si-iiedulc hereto ang Compofitions annexed to the faid recited Ad, and fo much of the annexe uiw . fame ^d a8 relates to the faid Schedule, or to the extending of the Provifions thereof to the faid Schedule, (ball be and the fame are hereby repealed; and that inftead and in lieu thereof the Schedule annexed to this	Ad (hall	be read	with the	faid recited Ad and be

deemed and taken as Part thereof,	and (hall,	in the Execution of the

laid recited Ad, be applied and conftrued in fuch and the fame manner as if the (aid	Schedule	to this	Ad had	been annexed to the (aid

recited Ad and	efpecially	enacted	therein 5	and that the Duties by

the faid recited Ad impofed on the Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Effences, Tindures, Powders, Preparations and Compofitioas mentioned in the Schedule thereto annexed, (hall be deemed and taken to extend to and attach upon the fevetal Drugs, Herbs, Oils, Waters, Effences, Tindures, Pills, Powders, Preparations and Compofitiou*

1	mentioned



AD.i8n.	52° GEO. Ill,	C.	150*

motioned and fet forth in the Schedule annexed to this A& by the tfpe&ive Names or Deferiptions therein fpecified, or .by whatsoever rther Name or Names, Defcnption or Defcriptions, the fame or any )f them have heretofore been, now are, or hereafter fhall be -called, cnown or diftinguifhed, as fully and effe&ually as if the Schedule hereunto annexed had been annexed to the faid recited Ad ; and that ill the Powers, Provifious, Claufes, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and impofed by he (aid recited A6t and in and by the Ad of the Forty feqond fear of His Majesty’s Reign, hereinafter recited, in any way relating :o,the Articles, Matters and Things mentioned in the. Schedules hereunto refpedively annexed, fhall be of full Force and Effed, and hall be obferved, applied, enforced and put in Execution with regard :o the feveral Articles, Matters and Things mentioned in the Sche-lule annexed to this Ad, in fuch and the fame manner and as fully ind effedually as if the Schedule annexed to this Ad had been annexed :o the faid recited Ad.

II. And be it further eoaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons, vhether licenfed or not, (hall utter, vend or expofe to Sale, or offer or teep ready for Sale, whether for Foreign or Home Confumption, or >uy, or receive, or keep for the Purpofe of felling by Retail, either on iis, her or their own Account, or on the Account or Behalf of any >ther Perfon or Perfons, any Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial pr other Inclofure containing any of the Drugs, Herbs, Oils, Watery Effences, Tinctures, Pills, Powders, Preparations or Compofitions nentioned and fet forth in the Schedule annexed to this Ad, without 1 Paper Cover, Wrapper or Label, provided and fupplied by the Eommiifioners of Stamps, purfuant to the faid Ad of the Forty ourth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, or to the Ad of the Forty econd Year of His Majesty's Reign hereinafter recited, and duly lamped, for denoting the Duty charged on fuch Packet, Box, Bottle, ?ot. Phial or other Inclofure, being properly and fufficiently palled, luck, fattened or affixed thereto, fo and in fuch manner as that fuch Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclofure cannot be opened md the Consents poured out or taken therefrom without tearing fuch lamped Cover, Wrapper or Label, fo as to prevent its being made ife of again, then and in fuch cafe the Perfon or Perfons fo offending hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be ^covered and applied in fuch and the fame manner as the pecuniary Penalties jmpofed by the faid Ads of the Forty fecond and Forty ourth Years of His Majesty’s Reigu, or either of them, in relation 0 the Duties on Medicines, are or ought to be recovered and applied. ‘III. And whereas by an Ad patted in the Forty fecopd'Year of His Majetty’s Reign, intituled An A8 to repeal an A8 pajfcd in the Twenty [fifth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly if or granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof and for making cjfc&ual Prervifion for the better Collection of the faid Duties, it was enaited, that every Owneri Proprietor, Maker and Compounder of, and every Perfon in Great Britain, uttering, vending or expofing to Sale or keeping ready for Sale any Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Effences, Tindures, Powders or other Preparations or Compofitions whatfoever, ufed or applied or to be ufed or applied externally or internally as Medicines or ! Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any Diforder or

1	« Complaint



4* 9- 3- f- 36,

Perrons vending Medicines without Paper Cove* provided by Commifliouers of Stamps.

Penalty.

4* G 3* c. 56.

§6.

A.D.ill*

C.i$6.	5^	DEO.IIL

CdAplrffet ffltfAent U dr in &V *#<*&*£ ffc* to*Hh Boly, * riefcett, Burtes, Brittle*, Pdt*, Pfeiafo Or other Iwdoftlttl ttftk *ny faeh Canrentk as afoveflrtcfe fefcjed t6 %^e D*tfe& ttefduhefcfe 4 grtrrited, /HouJd tfftftHdty tafc* fltft a LteeWe, WWth Pfofh&ti fe 44 G. 3. c.58.	* Ssfitfatiefl and etffotded fey the fcid AA of ttte Pflfft foflfth Y«t

1 A? Hfs MajeAy'fc Kdgri, ’Mfh/ttgfcfd t6 the TTrlrgi, HeifcS, WH,

*	Water*, E.fo'nce*. Tiii&trfes, Ptfwdert, preparation irtd CAfnpfc 1 ‘fitfoitt, tfport With eeffrtrfi Stflftib Defies are ttortVbV tftpdfai fe

8dt A 4 (rfbfefeifl ; fitfd fey the fttfd AA Af tile Forty fourth Ytw Of Hfe 4 Majefly*! Reigrt, e^rtrfifi Sfriffip Dmie* are irtipufed Or the Lfctffm

•	ft'tjuii^d fb fee ttfkert 0tft by fucfe Perfdns ttS aforefeid, rttc^ltHU 4 fey Miflake the Rate df Duty dn Licrtt6?s to be taketi ftt» fey PW-1 fbriS rcftderit within t\it Cftty bf Efihbwtgh 1* ndt tfffcftai ifcfife 4 Cdliiftrn irttitttfcd u SrttfohJ,” as it fhoirid \\S<re b&ft> wtfcrfde 4 Dotifet* ha^c arifert Whether ftfch Lta?hcc£*re liable to *fty Ditiff

Perfont refident Be it tKcrefo# farther en»&<?d, That £V£ry fach Petfon	rftSfeWld

in Edinburgh to refident within the City of Edlnbur^b^ (hall bfc Ikfete to take iWt a uk*out l*x*nct ^Lfcttrce &hirtfa!7y, arid every fuch Lideride fc*M be charged with a Inu ^ Btifftp Duty of TWO Ponriafc, is fully fcnd eflsdftatly *s it the Stfffi fef Tttfo Ftirtrtttfyhad Bern fhfertdd fn the Column intituled “ &&/4M/,” in the Seheflttfe tharked (A.) nrifteXed td the ftid Adt bf the Forty forirth Yeat of Hi* M'Jjefty’* Rdign, ak the Duty payafefe bit Lkewcei tb fee taken otft fey foch Pdffong ft# atfbrrfitfd riefiderit Within the City df JSdthbargh.

Victuallers, Sfc. IV. Pffmded jflwnya, arid fee Tt ertfrfted> ^hat h thnll rfot t» not required to f#t*y any Vi^tiSfleY, CotrfeAreiTirr, Plrflry Cook, Fruiterer Or dthifr ta>ker'u l;.nCMCe ShwbftdetWfr itt Qrttit	who	ffeal!	Ortly	fell	any	of	the	WiBcill

artificial or^other °r hlhet W&tet$ irieritiorfed Iri the Schedule hereunto annexed, %6 be Waters m- n- drank tft feik Or her Hotffe 6r Shripj and which (hall be actually drimk tioned in Sche- tfeetdri, tti tike out 8 IJcehcC for that PttrpOfe riridet tlte PrOtt^Wta dub, and which of the ftid AAs of the Fbtty focond and Forty follrtfe Year! of tffc fhall he drank iii Majesty’s Reign^ pn^ided ftieh Watert fhttil fee fold by him or lur oul cs*	in Bottles <^ith Pipef Covert, WYappeta Or Labels duly tt&iriprdj pro-

perly fmd fufSciently pa(h?d, ftrtck, fkfle^ied Or affiked to the fear* iu the ihantier hereinbefore iftentioned; any thing in the fJid AAs coa-tahied to the contrary riotwifhftaridirig.

The SCHEDULE to which tliis Aft refers.

Adam’s Solverit.

Addifon’s Re-<mimating Etiropean 6al-

fam.

^therial Aftoclync Spirit.

Ap;ue and Fever JDropk (by Wilfoii). Allan’s Nipple Liniment.

Amboyna Lotion.

»■■■■	----MoUth Powder.

. —	■■■■ Tooth Powder.

American Alterative Pills.

*-----Salve.

'----- Soothing Syrilp.

■	■ — — Tin&ure.

Andalufia Water.

Anderfon’s Scots Pills.

An^ibaud’s Lozenges bf Bldis. Aiiridyne Nocklace. Antapoplcftic Pills.

Appleby’s Tck.

Arabian Balfam.

Arnold’s Drops.

----------- Pills.

Arquebufade Water. Aromatick Spirit of Vinegar.

■	-	Conderifed.

Afiatic BHions Pills.

----Tonic Tindtire.

Auttin’s Chalybeate Pills.

---------Liniment.

Balm of Mecca.

Balft

L^ooQLe

Xi8i2

• 5 20 GEO. IIT.	C.r^o.	$4j>

n of Quito.

fam of Iceland Liv'crwoft. clay's AntibiJioas Pills.

-------Allmatic Candy.

-------Ointment.

lowe's Specific Medicine, ron's Cachou de Rofe Lo/effgPS. ton's Alterative Pofrradb.

-------Vital Wine

.email's Drops.

-------Golden Spirit of Scurvy

3rafs.

-------Plain Spirits of Bo.

:h's Pills.

yley's Britifh Tooth Powder.

----Ointment.

■--- Peroral Pills.

afeley's Family Flaifter. aume de Vie. iker's Tin&urc.

IPs ReHorative FiTTs. nnet's Worm Powders, nzoin, Eflence of.

Try's Bilious Pills.

Eton's British Oil. rd's Ague Tinttiire. rt's Martial Balfarti. air's Cephalic Fluid. leh1cenfop*s Bilious Pills, icrhaave's Antifcorbutic Wine. Diderfome’s Worrti Cakes.

Elman's Specific, nlloh's Afthmatic Tiu&urd. oftock's Cordial.

-------1- Grand Elixir.

ott's Corn Salve.

----Tooth Fowder.

ourne’s -/F.theri&l ElTence. ox's Magnefla Lozenges.

•rabham's Oil.

•randon's Compbfifioh or Medicine for the Evil and Scrophula.

Brazil Salts.

Irodum'a ftotknlc P1II3.

-------Botanical Syrub.

—— Nervous Cordial, irowne's Britifh Pills.

-------Rheumatic Powders.

------Tindture of Yellow Bark.

Bryant's Effence of Coltsfoot.

Burridge's Specific for Rheumatic Gout and Rheumatifm.

Byron's Pills.

Bythell's Pe&oral Loaenges.

j

:

I

Camphor, jfetherial Effence of. Catharmian Water.

Cathcart's Edinburgh Ointment. ———— Water.

Cephalic Snuff.

Chamberlain's Ointment.

— -------:—Pills. ,

Chapman's Cerate

---------Chilblain Water.

Cbing’sWorrh Lozenges. Cliinner’s Pills.

Church's Anodyne Effence.

---------Antifnafmodic Elixir.

---------Chilblain Ointment.

---------Cough Drops.

---------Eve Salve.

—	---- Pecfortkl Pills.

---------Volatile Tincture.

Clerval’s Syrup Clinton’s Oil ror Deafncfs.

---------- Snuff.

Clyde's Balfam.

■ -----  Ointinent.

Coate's Cough Drops.

Collier's Aflmant PillS.

—-—- Ointment.

----—— Remedy for Fiftula and Pile's.

Complin's Specific.

Cooke's Rheumatic Pills.

-------Family Pills.

Cordial Balm of Gilead.

Cornwell’s Fruit Lozehgcs.

---------Opodeldoc.

----------Oriental Vegetable Cordial.

Coflello's Cerate.

-----------Collyrium.

---------Liniment.

Cottier’s Refolvent and Healing flaifter. Cox’s Tincture.

CoxweH's Caflor Oil Medicine. Culpepper’s Herb Cordial.

Cundeli's Balfam of Honey.

Curtis's Syrup.

Daffy's Elixir, by whomfoever made. Dalby's Carminative.

Dalmahoy's Sal Poignant.

—	- ■■■ Taftelefs Salts*

Dawfon’s Lozenges.

Deering's Drops.

Delefcot's Myrtle Opiate,

De Velnos' Pills.

..	— Syrup.

Dicey and Co's Bathing Spirits. Dickenfon's Cephalic Drops.

Dickenfon’*

digitized by vjjC



*l$o%

$*

^£q.

> lch 1< ” S r\ c*n V •

|^>^pd8;f ',do'!',,bl ^a», Col yfortk

lo»«.

^t3w^rti»Y1AVrrfal e br«cat

ii

■•onge^;<^,^tin

^Ur

:°uSh.

8 ^8ue‘TC,!r^"‘0°-

N'Ppi,o'4tu^.

EfFAlAp^ri

v«y.

°r S

‘ent.

T? i Ce

Falck»s O.

- U ^outi.



*Vf<

•er.

&W. Mrirafai p«>». fZX^IT nf M«n> MaUo

Flexney'a Wan rvjfi Forcdy^I cm °f Horehouod

Fo£trg,Med^S’‘^d?:

Fothergill’s Peftoral piUl

----------RelWtive.

Fraunce’* Elixir.

Freaked Tinaure of Bark.

^ tvrcman 8 Bathing Spirits.

---------Eye Water.

—--------Gutta Salutaris,

Friar’s Balfam.

Friend to Man.

Frith’s Antibilious Elixir.

Pry’s Worm Pills.

Gall’s Antibilious Pills. Gamble’s Aromatic Snuff.

-__Sanative Tea.

Garaveni’s Styptic.

Gardener’s Ointment.

G^m Corn Plaifter

aw ^•Loiio°-

O0*1 bold.8 X> .. ,

Godfrey^ Cord LozcngeS.

&*&£!*• ******

Goulo a x

w».

except

or

Salve,

Hi.





Aj>,





oiT”!'u,”'p'\

~ ■rw.SS1.



tS9”-

—- ■p°*,?nges U b°ZeBges

Griffi , * °oth p '

P ?n s Aftu Po^dtr

Grubh’, p^^ticTin^

2^’*	&*>p,	^

SS^5*

•-----° Aftmat,c Efflum.

______ ^'nnamon Drops.

~ Corn Salve.

patent Mineral Water.

it	e^^ableBalfamicTii^t

Hannay's Wa(h.

Harrifon's Pile Lozenge*. Harvey's Anti-Venereal FOli.

Grand Reftorative Diopt. Hatfield's Ti&ure.

Hayman's Maredant's Drops. Hayward's Stomatic Lozenges.

---------AntirAcid Do.

-------»— Samaritan 'Water.

Hemet's Effence of Pearl.

_______ Pearl Dentrificc.

Heining’s Pine Bud Lozwg«._ Henry’s Aromatic Spirits — Magnefia.

Hewitt’s Analambanic Pw*-Hickman’s PiU*.

ErSES^"*’

S.Q.floEreirofJ"““'T'

Sage.

Digitized

by

____ Xin<Su«

‘ Valerian. Hide’s P9«dert

Google

flic*’*

D. 1812.

52° GEO. m.

C. 150.

*47

ide’s Drops. *

dfon’s Aromatic Nervine Tea.

-----Imperial Oil.

—Perfian Reftorative.

—— Syrup, lnfworth’s Lozenges, llingftiead’s Balfam. oper’s Female Pills, oping Cough Drops.

•pe’s He&ic Pills.

•well’s Powders for Epilepfy. idfon’s Tablets for the Worms, mgary Balfam for the Stone and travel.

int’s Family Pills, inter’s Elixir.

----- Pills.

-----Reftorative.

:kfon’s Afthmatic Candy.

-----Corn Salve.

-----Ointment.

-----Tinfture.

:obfon’s Cough Drops, nes’s Analeptic Pills.

-----Antibilious Pills.

-----Fever Powder.

-----Medicine for the Dropfy.

-----Tin Powder for the Worms.

bb’s, Sir Richard, Elixir.

------------------Pills.

nkins’s Salve, fuits* Drops. *

nperial Anodyne Opodeldoc, ifallible Reftorative. iglis’s Scots Piils.

>hnfon*s Golden Ointment for the Eyes.

fttnfton’6 Eflence of Horehound. :>lintenocco’s Tooth Powder, sites’s Rheumatic Tindture. rvine’s Fruit Lozenges, unipei’s Eflence of Penny Royal.

--------------------Peppermint.

Lemp’s Gangrene Ointment.

Kennedy’s Corn Salve or Plaifter. Ceyfer’s Pills, knight’s Pills.

Laraert’s Balfam.

L.ancafter Black Drop.

Leake’s Cerate.

-----Chilblain Water,

-----Pills

-----Purifying Drops.

Leatbe’s Lotion. ^	'

Le Cour’s Imperial Oil.

Lee’s Lozenges.

Lewis’s Salve.

--------- Specific Pills.

--------- Tin&ure of Anguftura Bark.

Liquid Shell for the Stone and Gravef. Lobb’s Stomatic Tin&ure.

Lockyer’s Pills.

Lord’s Com Salve or Plaifter. Lorraine’s Confumptive Pills.

Lowrie’s Eye Water.

Lowther’8 Drops.

---------Nervous Powders.

Lozenges Anifeed.

---------Benzoin.

—	Camomile.

---------Ginger.	:

---------Horehound.

--------- Ipecacuanha.

---------Patirofa.

---------Peppermint.

---------Poppy.

---------Rofe.

—	--Rofeated Liquorice,

---------Specific.

----------Spermaceti.

---------Tolu.

Lucas’s Pure Drops of Life.

Luzatte’s Britifh Pills.

Lygnum’s Antifcorbutic Drops.

-----------Lotion.

--------- Pills.

Lynch’s Embrocation.

Madden’s Vegetable Eflence.

Magnefia Tablets.

Manne’s Cough Medicine.

Mapfon’s Sanative Salve.

Marfhall’s Cerate.

------— Wart Diflolvent.

---------Heal-&11.

Mafon’s Ointment.

Matthew’s or Matthews’s Alterative Medicine.	'

---------„ Chymical Ti&ure.

—	— ■■■— Remedy for curing Fiftula and Piles without Cutting or Pain.

Samaritan. Reftorative.

Mayerfbach’s Balfamic Pills.

------------- Mixture.

—.— Reftorative Powders. Medley’s Aromatic Herb Snuff. Metallic Tra&ors,

Military Drops.

Millman’s Itch Ointment.

MollineuxY

CjOOQIC

?4l	C-1 SO.	5^	QEp.	11L	A.D.	i$u.

Mollineaux’s Ofotment. *

Monfey’s Rheumatic Powderf.

Nailor*® Corn Ointment.

Newton’s Reftorative Tooth Powder# Norman’s Syrup.

)fam9* Cbalyh«*te PiSU.

——— Drops.

—	-----Tonic Eflence.

Norton’s Maredaat’s Drops.

Odontalgia Elixir for Tooth Ache. Oliver’s Remedy for Ccwfumptioa. Oliverian Ointment for the Ptfc^. Orme’s Nfedfoioe.

Ormfkirk Medicine for the Bite of a Mad Dog.

Oxley’s Eflence of Jamaica Ginger.

---- Stoma tic Tin&ure.

Palmer’s Laxative Pills.

Paraguay Lotion.

Paris Ointment.

Pafchall’s TeethiM Remedy.

Pedoral Eflence of Coltsfoot.

Perkins’ Metallic Tractors.

Perrin’s	of	Lungwort.

—	----Antibilious or Coqgb Pills.

■ ■ ■■ Pile Ointment.

■ Powder for the Hooping Qp-Wgt. Perry’s E^»ce.

Peter’s Pills.

——-7 Tfo&we.

Pidding’s Balfam of Licorice.

Pike’s Ointment.

Pomade Divine.

-------Rsyah

Potter’s Pills.

Powell’s Carpphor Lipiment.

—— Eye S*ly.e.

Price’s Bread Salve.

Prickett’8 $£yjHAc.

Prince’s Roffia Oil.

Pullen’s Antifcorbutis PdU-

tfutgfog PiUs.

Purland’s Expedorating Pill*. Pyrmont’ Tablets*

JR^dcliffe’s Purging Elixir.

■■■ r-i—r» Rheumatic Tfodure. Randall’s Eflence of Qinger.

Refined Btttifh Oil*

Relfe’s Nipple Ointf$?nt.

Richerdfop’s Britiftt Cqtn Sal# ar Plainer.

Riga Balfam.

Robberd’s Cough Drops.

Robert’s Worpa Sug^r Jfcfofis.

Robertfon’s Vegetable julep.

Roche’s Embrocation.

Roe’s English Coffee for Nervous Dif-orders.

Rogers’ Antibilious Elixir.

■ ■■ ■ ■■ ' Anttfcorbutic Pills.

Rook’s Balfam.

Rofe Tablets.

Rufpini’s Styptic.

—	— Tindure.

■ ■ Tindure for the Tooth Ache. -■	Tooth Powder.

Ryan’s Eflence of Coltsfoot. Rymer’s Cordiac and Nervous Tiu&urr. ■■	— Detergent Pills.

■■■ ■	■ Eflence of Gariick.

---------Pe&oral Medicine.

---------Tonic Pill?.

Salmon’s Guttz Vitz.

Savage’s Oil.

Saville’s Ointment.

Schnid’s Liquid Dentrifice.

Schult’s Vegetable Acid Air.

Scot’s Gout Pills.

Senate’s Aromatic Steel Lozenges, or Lozenges of Steel-Severn’s Worm Tea.

—	-----r Ague Cake*.

Sharpe’s Hep^ic Pills.

Sharp’s Drops for Cancers.

Shaw’s Sovereign Itch Ofotmeot. Shee’s Specific Drops.

-------Preventive Lotion.

Sibley’s Lunar Tin&nre.

----Solar Do.

Simfon’s Infallible AEthereal Tia&ore. Singleton’s Golden Ointment. Sloane’s, Sir Hans, Pills.

Smart’s Tindure of Cafcarilla Bark. Stnellome*8 Eye Salve.

Smith’s Antibilious Pill*.

----— Antihedic Balfam.

------Cooling Openiug Pills.

—	— Drops.

------- Purifying	Pills.

——— Redorative Medicated Wine. Smyth’s Drops.

----— Redorative.

Solander’s Sanative Tea.

Soley’s Eflence of Squill*.

Solomon's Abdergent.

—	----- Anti	Impetigines.

—	— — Balm of Gilead.

Spain s

v^ooQle

*4 9

AJ?.a6>2.	52*	HI.	C,yp>

Spain’s R^jforattve Oil.

5peediman’s Stomach Pills*

Specifip Conyul/W Drops.

-------for tl*c Yelipw Fever-

------- Remedy (by Weffels).

-------- Tinffcure.

5pcoce’s Pentrijjc*.

SpiMJbury’s Ant/fcprbutjc Drops.

------— Compound Effenoe.

Spiokuff’s Arpmatip BiljotfS Cprcjisl. Squid’s Elixir.

Sautrrcl’s Drops.

■ ■■	—	Tpruc Pilfe.

---— -— Powders.

Steer’s Cajnpwde Drops.

---------  CampboratedEye	Water*

--------Conyjdftpn OiL

-------- Nitre Drops.

-—*----Opodeldoc.

-------Paregoric Dodges.

-------Purging Efurir.

-------Solution of Myrrh*

------- Sterne’s Balfawp AMhfr.

.....— Stomatic Tablets,

-------Timbre of Gpot P«0f>*.

Storey’s Worm Cate*.

Stpj^phtps’s Bitters.

----------- Ipi^ir.

Stoker’s J^guge ofMyrrJh-

-------— Myrjji

—T --r Pategprip Dpzengss.

Swydiih Prifenrati^ or £&*$ gevjty.

Swinfen’s Anti-Acid.

---------Eledtuary.

——------- Ointment.

—— Worm Sugar Cake*-

SwiL Balfam.

Syrian Corn Pla\{ler.

Tadelefs Ague prop*.

----„----Jevprprop*.

Taylor’s Antifpafm^dip Pills.

•——/*• ‘Rem^jdv for Pesfcpfs.

—-------Reft^v attve lkdfepn &H* & p

Eyes.

Thomas’s Tolu EfTenpe.

Tbompfon’s AgueTinjure,

—■-------— Patent Medicinal Wa&sr.

Tic'kell’a iEthcr.

Tindure for the Teeth and Gums, Tooley’s Cqrdial.

Tooth Ache Fluid.

Toqth Powder, A fiatic.

—1—■—-------—	Paraguay. *

Tooth Powder, Royal,.

Trotter’s Afiatic Tooth Powder. Trowbridge’s Golden Pills.

Tuberofa Vitae or Chilblain Water. Turlington’s Bajlam.

Vandour’s Nervous Pills.

Van Swie ten’s Gout Cordial. Vegetable Embrocation.

Vital Balm.

Waite's Worm Nuts.

Wajford’s Pancreatic Powders. Walker’s Jcfuits Drops.

■ ■ — Specific Remedy.

■»	—■—	Stajnatic Wine.

Walkey’s iVpth Powder.

Wallers Qintment.

Waub’s Antipertuffis.

Coltsfoot Lozenges.

TT- Ginger Seeds.

PiiL.

Ward’s Dropfy Pills.

------—	Eflence for the Head Ache.

-t- -r 1 Liquid Sweat.

■«»—>—** Pafte.

■srrrr* Powders.

jRed pills.

Sack Drops. vt, m> Sweating Powder.

■nf>f Wb/te Drops.

Ware’s Aill\matic Drops.

W^Lrreu’s Analeptic Powders.

rr ■ — Britifh Tooth Powder.

Wakcra, videlicet—All artificial Mineral Water* and all Waters impregnated with Soda or Mineral Alkali, or with Carbonic Acid Gas, and all Compactions io a liquid or folid Statje, to be ufed for the Purpofe of compounding or making any of .thf /aid Waters.

WebftRt’s Diet DririV*

Welch’s Female Pills.

Wheatley’s Ointment*

—---------Fluid.

Whitehead’s Cerate.

—1~ r—n- ECTence pf Muftard.

pf Horehound.

- Pills.

WhitteU’s Black Drops Williams’ Aperient PdU*

■ rrw^r—r E’fepce qf Benzoin or Pul-mpnic Prop*.

—«—f-r-i— Spa Elir^r, or Reftorative Drops.

Willis’s



Google

A.D.i8i2.

85b	#	c.150.	520	geo. in.

Willis’s Afthmatic Pills. Wilfoil’s Balfam.

--------- Opening Pills.

---------Powders.

Winch’s Cough Drops.

Withers’s Efienee of Camomile. Wray’s Ague Pills.

York Medicinal Preventive Lotion. Zimmerman's Stimulating Fluid.

And alfo all other Pills, Powders, Lozenges, Tin&ures. Potions, Cordials, Electuaries, Plaifters, Unguents, Salves, Ointments, Drops, Lotions, Oils, Spirits, Medicated Herbs, and Waters, chemical and officinal Preparations whatfoever, to be ufed or applied externally or internally as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any Diforder or Complaint incident to or in any wife afFe&ing the human Body, made, prepared, uttered, vended or expofed to Sale by any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, wherein the Perfon making, preparing, uttering, vending or expofing to Sale the fame, hath or claims to have any occult Secret or Art for the making or preparing the fame, or hath or claims to have any exclufive Right or Title to the making or preparing the fame, or which have at any time heretofore been, now are or fha.Il hereafter be prepared, uttered, vended or expofed to Sale under the Authority of any Letters Patent under the Great Seal, or which have at any time heretofore been, now are or (ball hereafter be by any Public Notice or Advertifement, or by any written or printed Papers or Hand Bills, or by any Label or Words written or printed, affixed to, or delivered with any Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial or other Inclofure containing the fame, held out or recommended to the Public by the Makers, Venders or Proprietors thereof as Noftrums or Proprietary Medicines, or as Specifics, or as beneficial to the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any Diftempcr, Malady, Ailment, Diforder or Complaint incident to or ia any wife affe&ing the human Body.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

All Drugs named or contained in the Book of Rates fubferibed with the Name of Sir Harbottle Grimftone Baronet, and mentioned and referred to by the A& of Tonnage and Poundage made in the aaCar. 2. c. 4.	Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and in

it O.i. c. 7.	another Book of Rates intituled “ An Additional Book of Rates

of Goods and Merchandizes ufually imported and not particularly " rated in the Book of Rates referred to in the A& of Tonnage “ and Poundage made in the Twelfth Y*ar of the Reign of King M Charles the Second, with Rules, Orders and Regulations figned “ by the Right Honourable Spencer Compton, Speaker of the “ Honourable Houfe of Commons, and mentioned and referred to “ by an A A made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His “ Maiefly King George the Firft.”

All Medicinal Drugs whatfoever which (hall be uttered or vended entire without any Mixture or Compofition with any other Drug or Ingredient whatfoever by any Surgeon, Apothecary, Cherailt or Druggift who hath ferved a regular Apprenticefliip, or by any Per-fou who- hath ferved as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army under any

Coin-



520 GEO. IH.	C.150,	151.	851

Commiffion or Appointment duly entered at the War Office or Navy Office, or by any other Perlon whatfoever licenfed to fell any of the Medicines chargeable with a Stamp Duty.

And alfo all Mixtures, Compofitions or Preparations whatfoever mixed or compounded with or prepared from Medicinal Drugs,

Medicated or Chemical Preparations or Compofitions, or other Ingredients bearing different Denominations, or having different Properties, Qualities, Virtues or Efficacies, which (hall be uttered or vended by any fuch Surgeon, Apothecary, Chemift or Druggift as aforefaid, or by any fuch Perfon who hath ferved as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army under any fuch Commiffion or Appointment as aforefaid, the different Denomination, Properties, Qualities, Virtues and Efficacies of which Mixtures, Compofitions and Preparations as aforefaid are known, admitted and approved of in the Pre-fervation. Cure or Relief of any Diforder, Malady, Ailment or Complaint incident to or in any wife affefting the Human Body, and wherein the Perfon mixing, compounding, preparing, uttering or vending the fame, hath not nor claims to have any occult Secret or Art tor the mixing, compounding or preparing the fame, nor hath nor claims to have any exclufive Right or Title to the mixing, compounding or preparing, or to the vending of the fame, and which Mixtures, Compofitions or Preparations have not been, are not, nor (hall hereafter be prepared, uttered, vended or expofed to Sale under the Authority of any Letters Patent under the Great Seal, nor at any time heretofore have been, now are or fhall hereafter be by any Public Notice, Advertifement, or by any. Written or Printed Papers or Hand Bills, or by any Labels or Words written or printed and affixed to or delivered with any fuch Packet,

Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclofure aforefaid, held out or recommended to the Public by the Owners, Proprietors, Makers,

Compounders, Original or Firft Vendors thereof as Noftrums or Proprietary Medicines, or as Specifics, or as beneficial for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any fuch Diftemper, Malady, Ailment or Complaint as aforefaid.

CAP. CLI.

An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft of the laft Scflion of Parliament, relating to the Half Pay and Allowance of Officers retiring from Service; and to authorize the allowing to Foreign Officers wounded, the like Penfions and Allowances as are given to Britijh Officers under the like Circumftances.

[28th July 1812.]

€ TT J HE RE AS an Aft paffed in the laft Seffion of Parliament, '

€ W intituled An AQ to authorize the allowing Officers to retire on 51 G. 3. c. 103.

*	Half Pay or other Allowances, under certain Re/lriQions : And

*	whereas it is expedient that the Provifions of the f*id Aft 4 fhould be further extended ;* Be it therefore enafted by the King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament uffembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it ffiall TnfWliiig Field be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, to allow any Officers of Mili-Officer who fhall have been appointed or fhall be appointed to aft as lia> *c* allowed

j2 GeO;_ III.	3	I	infpefting	Half Pay (togt-

.	A

C.151:

$2° oeo. in.

A<D.ita

ther with^ Arrears) of Com-miflion held «t time cf Appointment.

Quarter Maftert in Cavalry, Ice. after Thirty Yeara Serrice, Twelve of which (hall have been at Quarter Mafter, to retire with Full Pay.

44 g. 3- c. 43.

44G.3.C.7J.

46 G. %. c 23.	«

Foreign Officers wounded allowed like Penfion*, ice. as are granted to any Officers under timilur Circumflances.

Infpe&rag Field Officer of tbe Militia or Volunteers or of Recruiting Di ft rids, the Half Pay of the Commiflion which be (hall have held at the Period of being fo appointed ; and every foch Officer who (hall have been allowed to retire on Half Pay upon or for the Purpofe of being appointed to ad as fuch Field Officer, fhall be entitled to and {hall receive all Arrears of Half Pay which may have become due to and not been paid to him in refped of fuch Half Pay as afbrefsid.

II. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for Hh Majefly to allow any Quarter Mailer ferving in His Maje&y’s Forces either in the Cavalry or Infantry, at the Expiration of Thirty Yesn adual Military Service, Twelve Years of which Service thill have been as a Quarter Mailer, and who (hall be certified to be unfit for further Duty, and to have ferved fuch refpedive Periods as afovefud (fuch Certificates to be made and given by foch Perfons, Medical or others, and in fuch Form and Manner as (hall be required by tbe Secretary at War in that Behalf) to retire under the Provifions of this Ad, and to receive the Full Pay of the Commiffion which he (hall have held at the time of his being fo allowed to retire as aforefaid.

‘ III. And whereas an Ad palled in the Thirty fourth Year of the ‘ Reign of His prefect Majefly, intituled An Ad to enable Subjeds •f 9 France to enli/l at Soldiers in Regiments to ferve on tbe Continent if 9 Europe, and in certain other Places ; and to enable His Majefij to 9 grant CommtMons to Subjeds of France to ferve and receive Pay ns 4 Officers in fuel Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Reflriditos: 9 And whereas another Ad pa(Ted in the Forty fourth Year of the

*	Reign of His prefect Majefly, intituled An Ad for enabling Sub 9 jeds of Foreign States to emifl as Soldiers in His majefiy's Service; 9 and for enabling His Majefly to grant Commiffions to Smbjeds rf 9 Foreign States to ferve as Officers, or as Engineers, under certain 9 Rejhridions ; and to indemnify ail Perfons vebo may have advifed H'u 9 majefly to enHJl any fuch Soldiers, or grant any fuch Comwnfions at

aforefaid: And whereas an Ad palled in the Forty fixth Year of the Keign of His prelent Majefly, intituled An Ad to extend the 9 Provifions of an Ad faffed in the Forty fourth Tear of the Reign sj 9 His prefent Majefly, for enabling Subjeds of Foreign States to enlif ns 4 Sole tiers in His Majefly's Service, and to indemnify thofe tvbo heu 9 advifed His Maiefty to land fuch Soldiers in this Kingdom : And ‘ whereas it is juft and expedient that Provifions fhould be made for 9 authorizing the granting to Officers ferving or who have ferved

*	under any of the Provifions of the (aid Ads, fuch Penfions tad Attow-

*	ances as are granted to Officers wounded in His Majefiy’s Service

*	under the like CircumflancesBe it therefore enaded. That it (hall be lawful lor His Majefly from time to time to allow to any Foreign Officer in His Service, ferving under any of the Provifions of the faid recited Ads, and who (hall have been or fhall be woulded in His Majefiy’s Service, fuch and the like Penfions and Allowances as are or may be allowed and granted to any Officer in His Majesty’i Service under fimilar circumflances, by auy Law or Regulation now in force, or which may be hereafter made and edabhfhed, although fuch Provifions and Allowances may exceed the Amount of the Half Pay of the Rank held by any fuch Officer ; any thing in the faid recited Ads, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament to tbe contrary notwithftandiug.

CAP.



)ogIe

LD.1812.

52* GEO. HI.

C152.

*53

CAP. CLII.

n Aft to repeal an Aft, paffed in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled An AB for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effeftually regulating the faid Office.

[28th July 1812.]

WHEREAS the Regulations by Law eftablilhed in the different Offices for the iffuing and Payment of Public Monies required for Army and Navy Services, have been found beneficial:

And whereas the Aft now in force for regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia requires Amendment, and it is expedient that many of the Provifions contained in the Laid Aft relating to the fame, mould be repealed, and others of them continued and amended, and that new Provifions (hould be made ; and it is neceffary, for the Purpofes aforefaid, that the laid Aft (hould be repealed Be it therefore enafted by the King's [oil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne ,ords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parlia-ent affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Tnat, from and 49*2. 3-c.iij. ter the palling of this Aft, an Aft paffed in the Forty ninth Year of repealed, lis prefent Majesty, intituled An AS for better regulating the Ofice r Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, lhall be and the iroe is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Agent General for A&entGeneral olunteers and Local Militia lhall be and is hereby authorized and Mone for dif-mpowered to apply for Money for the different Services to which ferent Services, e may have been or lhall be authorized to aft as Agent General, in lie fame manner as the Monies required for fuch Services have itherto been applied for, through the Secretary at War and the Pay-jafter General of His Majesty's Land Forces.

III.	And be it further enafted. That the Secretary at War for Secretary at be time being lhall approve of and authorize the Iffues of fuch Sums War toautho->r the faid Services as he may deem proper, by Warrants addreffed I1*® J?®

■) the Paymafter General of His Majesty’s Land Forces 5 in which vjces> which Vanranta the Secretary at War lhall Specify for what particular Ser» Money paid im* ice or Services the faid Money is wanted; and the laid Paymafter Baqjc.

General (hall, in all Memorials to be by him prefented to the Treafury ar Money for fuch Services, pray that fuch Sum as is required may e iffued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on is Account, fpccifying in every fuch Memorial the Sum required, ad for what particular Service or Services ; and the Commiffioners f His Majesty'a Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more f them, by their Letter from time to time lhall direft the Auditor of he Exchequer to iffue to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Inghmd, on account of the Paymafter General of His Majesty'* forces, naming fuch Paymafter General for the time being, the Sum pecified in fuch Letter upon the unfatisfied Order at the Exchequer a favour of the faid Paymafter General; for which the Receipt^of he Calhier or Calhiers of the faid Governor and Compauy lhall be a efficient Di(charge ; and all Sums for which fuch Letters of the ^Mamiffioners of His Majesty’s Treafury lhall be iffued from the exchequer to tbc Gcvpropr and Company of^

A.D.i8iz.

*54	0.152.	52°	GEO.	III.

Ufuil Fee*.

Bills draum, accepted p.iyabie tt the Bank.

Service for which Dilb are 4ra*n Ipecified.

Secretary at War m.u empower A^ent General to draw on Bank for Payment of Salaiiea.

and not to the Paymafter General of His Majesty’s Forces, and (hall be placed to the Account in the Books of the faid Governor and Company, intituled The Account of the Paymafter General of H'u Majeftj’t Land Force*, inferring the Name of fuch Paymafter General for the time being ; and the faid Paymafter General of His Majesty’s Forces for the time being (hall and is hereby required to write off or transfer all fuch Sums as (hall be fo placed to his Account as aforefaid to the Account in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled The Account of the Agent General for V olunteen, Local Militia, and Militia and Defence Ads, which Account the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to open; in which Transfer and Account (hall be inferted the Name of fuch Agent General for the time being; for which Sums fo written off or transferred the Receipt of the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the faid Governor and Company (hall be a fufficient Discharge in the Accounts of the faid Paymafter General of His Majesty*s Land Forces.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Fees whatever {hall be paid at the Exchequer or Treafury by reafon of the Tranfa&ioos aforefaid, beyond the Amount of what has been ufually paid upoa Imprefts and Accounts hitherto made, according to the Form or Cuflom of tranfa&ing Bufmefs between the Exchequer Pay Office and Bank feverally.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia for the time being, by himfclf or his Deputy, or the Perfon or Perfons in his Office, duly authorized by the faid Agent General, to accept all Bills of Exchange which fhall be drawn upon him by any Officers of Volunteers or Local Militia or other Perfons duly authorized by the Secretary« War, payable at the Bank of England; and every fuch Bill (hall fpccify the particular Head of Service to which the Sum therein mentioned is to be applied ; and no Bill fo accepted (hall be deemed a fufficient Voucher to the faid Governor and Company, unlefs the Service for which it is drawn (hall be fpecifi d thereon, and unlefs it {hall be aftually paid by the faid Governor and Company ; and the Monies fo to be iffued to the faid Governor and Company on account cf the faid Agent General fhall not be paid out of the Bank unlefs for the Public Services for which his faid Account is opened, and in por-fuance of Bills of Exchange drawn upon the faid Agent General and accepted as aforefaid, on which (hall be fpecified the Heads of Service to which the Sums therein mentioned are to be applied ; and which Bills fo drawn and accepted fhall be fufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay fuch Money to the Perfon or Perfons mentioned in fuch Bills, or to their Order or Order?, according to the ufual Courfe in refpeft of Bills of Exchange.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it fhall be lawful for the Secretary at War from time to time to authorize and empower the faid Agent General to draw on the Bank of England for fuch Sums as the Secretary at War fhall deem proper for the Payment of the Salaries and Allowances to the Perfons employed in his Office, and for fuch Sums as fhall be nec ffary for Payments on his Petty Accounts ; and the faid Agent General fhall not draw any Draft or Check upon the Bank of England, unlefs he (hall have been fo authorized \ and ao Draft or Check whatever (kali be deemed a

fufficient



LD.1812.	5 2° GEO. III.	C. 152.	855

ufficient Voucher to the faid Governor and Company, unlefs they lall alfo receive a Letter from the Secretary at War, deliring that the une may be paid.

Vlf. And be it further ena&ed, That Accounts (hall be kept by Agent General le Bank of England of all Monies ifTued or dire&ed to be paid *ithBj^C0UUt* irough the faid Agent General for the time being for Public Ser-	1

ces; and the faid Agent General, obferving the Rules and Regula-ons hereby prefcribed, fhall not be anfwerable for any Money which a fhall not a&ually receive, or which fhall not be actually d awn for 7 him or paid upon the Bills accepted by him, or his Deputy or her Perfon or Perfons authorized by him as aforefaid ; and the faid overnor and Company of the Bank of England fhall be anfwerable r all the Monies which fhall be actually received by them for fuch ublic Services.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Sums of Money received Money received r the faid Agent General for Public Services, fhall be immediately v”ces naiiT intS tid by him into the Bank of England, and placed to his Account B*nk.

ere in manner aforefaid ; and fuch Money fhall be ifTued, paid and •plied in fuch and the like manner, and under the fame Regulations d Reflri&ions as the Money to be ifTued for fuch Services is herein refted to be ifTued, paid and applied under the Dire&ions of the :cretary at War.

IX.	And, in order that the Secretary at War may have frequent Balance* cf

nowledge of the Balance of Cafh in the Hands of the Governor and Pu^1,c M >ney )mpany of the Bank of England, on Account of the Agent General	^

r Volunteers and Local Militia,4and thereby be enabled to judge of ninthly by

e Neceflity and Propriety of further Iflues, and prevent the unne- Agent General,

flary Accumulation of Public Money in the Hands of the faid Go- &c.

rnor and Company, be it enacted. That once in every Month, or

lener if required, fuch Agent General or his Deputy fhall Hate to the

cretary at War the Sum Total of the Balance of Public Money on

ccount of the Agent General, in the Hands of the Governor and

>mpany, together with an Account of all outflanding Drafts or

11s with which fuch Balance is chargeable, and to which it is to be

plied.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon the Death, Refignation On Death or Removal of any Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, k^movsiluf

? Balance of Cafh which fhall at that time remain at the Credit of

i Account or Accounts as Agent General, with the Governor and Vg(i m bucceflbr.

•rapany of the Bank of England, fhall, as foon as a SuccefTor fhall

appointed, a&ually veil in fuch SuccefTor in Truft for the Public

rvices for which the fame were ifTued, aud fhall forthwith be trans-

red, carried over and placed to the Account of fuch SuccefTor, to

applied to the faid Services in the manner hereinbefore direfted ;

1 the fucceeding Agent General fhall and he is hereby diredea and Succeeding ;uired to fubmit Statements to the Secretary at War, and to accept ;ls as aforefaid, for all unfatisfied Charges and Demands on account	and

Public Services, although the fame fhall have accrued in the time piv < uiitanaing any preceding Agent General; aud all outftanding Bills which Bill*; y have been accepted by fuch preceding Agent General or his D^* iy, or the PerTon or Perfons duly authorized as aforefaid fhall be d from tue faid Accounts by the faid Governor and Company of ‘ Bank of England, notwithllanding the Death, Refignation or rnoval of fuch Agent General: Provided always, that fuch fuc- *ut. not charged 3 I 3	cecding



«5<S

A.D.18H.

ctpted by Pre-deceflbr.

Vouchers delivered to Auditors.

Mode of making

up Accounts,

Jcc. on Death, frc. of Agent General within the Year.

Quietus.

Monthly Accounts of Re. c-ipts, &c. to St* retary at War, who (hall certify, &c. if corrctt.

Age* t General to :n ke up Annual Accounts.

Mode of making up.

€.153.	52*	GEO.	HI.

ceeding Agent General (hall not be held accountable for any Sam or Sums of Money which may be iflued upon fuch outfhndiDr Ml% not with (landing the Payment of the fame may take place after the Date of his Appointment, but the Agent General fo dying or going out of Office, his Heirs and Executors, (hall be charged with the Amount of all fuch outflanding Bills fo accepted by hhn or his Deputy, or the Perfon or Perfons duly authorized as aforefaid, and which may hare been or (hall be fo paid by any fucceeding Agent General; and all Bills, Drafts or Orders, fo paid by the laid Governor and Company of the Bank of England for fuch Acceptances as aforefaid, (hall be delivered by fuch Agent General fo going out of Office, or by the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators of any Agent General dying, as hi» or their own proper Vouchers, and (hall be delivered by him or them to the Commiflioncrs for auditing the Public Account*

XI.	And be it further enafted, That in the Event of the Death, Refignation or Removal of any Agent General within the Year, the Accounts (hall be fo made up as to include and diflingui(h the adaal Payments made on the Bills accepted by each Agent General, or by his Deputy or Deputies, or the Perfon or Perfons duly authorized by them or either of them refpe&ively within the Year, and to fpccify and diftinguifh the refpeaive Balances (if any) remaining on tk Death, Refignation or Removal of any Agent General, on his (even! Accounts as aforefaid, and transferred over to the fucceeding Agent General, fo as to enable the Commiffioners for auditing the Public Accounts to diftinguifh each Accoc -t, and to examine and dcdirf the Accounts of any Agent General fo dying or going out of Offer, as a feparate and diftin£t Account; and the Transfer of fuch Balaocn to any fucceeding Agent General' (hall be a fufficient Difchargc to the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators of any Agent General to dying or going out of Office, for the Amount of fuch Balances, tod a Quietus and full Acquittance fhall be given to the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators of any Agent General fo dying, or to the Agrst General, or his Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators fo going out of Office, for his Account or Accounts as aforefaid, when and as (oca as the fame (hall have been examined and declared ; and the fucceeding Agent General (hall become charged with the Balances fo transferred as aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Agent General

for the time being (hall tranfmit to the Secretary at War Monthly Accounts of all bis Receipts and Payments applicable to each feparate Head of Service, and alfo a feparate and corre6t Lift of ill the Payments made by him within the Month ; and (hall fpccify the Authorities under which the fame were made; and that the Secretary at War (hall caufc fuch Accounts aud Lifts of Payments to be checked by the Books of his Department; and if the lame (hall be found correct, (hall return fuch Lifts certified accordingly, fpecifytug j in each Certificate the Amount authorized to be paid by fuch Agent General.	|

XIII.	And be it Further ena&ed, That the Agent General for | Volunteers and Local Militia (hall make up Annual Accounts ending r on the Twenty fourth Day of December in each Year, applicable to f each feparate Head of Service, of all Monies received and Payment! made by him, within the Period of the faid Accounts refpe&vely; ia which Accounts the faid Agent General (hall charge himfeli with

1	the



Google

Ji



*57

5^GE0.IIL	C.152.

the Balance a&natty transferred to hit Account at the Bank of Enr-W, from the Account of the preceding Agent General, or with the Balance brought forward from his Account for the Year preceding [as the cafe may be), and alfo with all Sums carried to his Account it the Bank within the Period of the Account $ and the (aid Agent general (hall ftate, on the Credit Side of fuch Account, the Amount )f each of his Monthly Lifts of Payments, which (hall hare been duly :ertified by the Secretary at War.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the general Annual Ac- Mode of tnnf-xmntt of the Agent General for the time being, lo made up as afore- mitring general aid, together with the feparate Monthly Lifts of Payments certified ^uiI^^Audi^" ly the Secretary at War, with the proper Vouchers for the a&ual ^s”aud giving" payment of the Sums therein contained, (hall, within Three Months Acquittances ifter the Twenty fourth Day of December in each Year, be tranfmitted upon Account* o the Commiflioner8 for auditing the Public Accounts 5 who (hall

ind they are hereby dire&ed and required, with the lead poffible Delay after the Receipt thereof, to examine or caufe to be examined he feme, and (hall difeharge the faid Agent General of all Sums paid o purfuance of the Authority of the Secretary at War; and the faid ?om mi (Boners (hall, after fuch Examination, prefect or caufe to be >refented to the proper Office for Declaration, the faid Accounts as forefeid, fpecifying the Amount discharged by proper Vouchers, and he Amount with which the Agent General is to remain charged or the fucceeding Year, on account of Balances (if any) remaining in fuch Accounts as aforefaid; and when fuch Accounts lo difeharged s aforefaid (hall be declared, a Quietus or Acquittance, in the ufual Quietus, form, (hall be made out to the Agent General, his Heirs, Executors nd Adminiftrators, for fuch Account fo declared as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Books of Accounts and Books of Ae-11 Vouchers whatever kept in the Offices of Agent General for counts and /olunteers and Local Militia (hall belong to the (aid Office, and Vouchers to be-hall not be at the Difpofel of the Agent General to take and difpofe oenerd if the fame as his private and proper Books of Account and Vouchers; aJ^not confide*-irofided that nothing herein contained (hall extend to prevent any ed private Perfon who hath exerrifed the Office of Agent General, or his or Property.

heir Executors or Adminiftrators, by himfelfor themfelves, or by any Vrfon or Perfons authorized by bim or them from taking Copies ir Extracts thereof, until an Acquittance in the Exchequer (hall be nade out for fuch Agent General, his Heirs, Executors and Admi-aftrators; nor the Tranfmiffion of the Vouchers in due time to the i^ommiffioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons Forgit* Draft* hall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure in Name of

0 be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully a& or affift in £cscnt 0cne”^ orging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand of the Agent General *c’ or the time being, or his Deputy, or Perfon or Perfons duly authored as aforefaid, to any Bill of Exchange, Acceptance, Draft or [oftruraent in Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or ibtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Cuftody of the Governor ind Company of the Bank of England, on account of the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and (hall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly ind wilfully a& or affift in the forging or counterfeiting any BiU of Exchange, Acceptance, Draft, In ft rumen t or Writing in form of a

3 I 4	c*	Draft

9	"	Digitized	by	CiOOglC

A.D.iSii.

858	0.152,153.	52*	geo.	in.

Death.

Hills for Pay, &c. or Orders for remitting Money on account of Local Militia, kc. drawn on undamped Paper.

Draft made by fuch Agent General or his Deputy, or the Perfon or Perfona authorized as aforefaid, or (hall utter or pubiifh any fuch, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Perfon whomfoever, every fuch Perfon or Perfoos lo offending, being thereof lawfully convifted, (hall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffer Death as in cafe of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XVII. And be it further enafted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn upon the faid Agent General on account of the Pay or Allowances of the Militia or Local Militia, or of any Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, or of any Staff Officers, or which may be drawn by any Clerks of Subdivifion, or any Perfons under the Directions of the Secretary at War, for the Payment of Bounties or any other Public Service whatever, and alfo all Bills, Drafts or Orders by which any Balances, Fines, Penalties, Bounties or any other Sums of Money whatfoever are remitted to the Bank of England, or the faid Agent General for Public Services, may and (hall be drawn upon undamped Paper 5 and no fuch Bill, Draft or Order (hall be void by reafon of being fo drawn or written upon undamped Paper ; any thing in any Adi or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithilanding.

51 G. 3. c. xoi.

48G.3.C. 11a.

Bounty of 3L •per Ton by 48 G. 3. c. no. to Owners of Veflels of not lefs than 60 Tons extended to Veflels of 45 Tons.

How Veflels fitted out.

CAP. CLIII.

An Aft to reftify a Miflake and to carry into more effe&nal Execution the Purpofes of an Aft made in the laft SeiEon of Parliament, relating to the Britijb White Herring Fifhery.

[28th July 1812.]

*	TT7HEREAS an Aft was made in the lad Sefiion of Parliament*

*	VV intituled An Ad for amending an Ad of the Forty eighth

*	Tear of His prefent Majejty, for regulating the Bntilh IVh'tte Herring 4 Fifhery : And whereas it was intended by the faid Aft that the

*	Bounty granted by an Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of His

*	prefent Majedy, intituled An Ad for the further Encouragement ‘ and better Regulation of the Britilh White Herring Fi/hery* until the

*	Firfl Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and from 4 thenceforth to the End of the then next Sejfion of Parliament, to Veffels

*	of not lefs than Sixty Tons Burthen, (hould be extended to Veffels 4 of not lefs than Forty five Tons Burthen Be it therefore enafted by the King's Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Bounty of Three Pounds ber Ton granted by the faid Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, to the Owner or Owners of any whole decked Bufs or Veffel of not lefs than Sixty Tons Burthen, (hall and may be paid to the Owner or Owners of any whole decked Bufs or Veffel of not lefs than Forty five Tons Burthen, being Briti/b-built, owned in Great Britain* and manned, navigated and regidered according to Law, which fince the Twenty fixthDay of July One thoufand eight hundred and eleven has been or (hall be fitted out and aftually employed in the Deep Sea Britijb White Herring Fifhery on the Coads of Great Britain or Ireland, in the manner and fubieft to all the Regulations and Provifions preferibed by the faid Aft of the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majedy.

II. And be it further enafted, That no fuch Veffel of lets than Sixty Tons and not lefs thaq Forty five Tons Burthen (hall be j	deemed



52® GEO. III.

C. 153,154-

95*

?emed to have been or to be properly fitted out for and duly em-oyed in the Britijh Deep Sea White Herring Fifhcry, foas to entitle ic Owner or Owners thereof to any Bounty on the Tonnage thereof, y virtue of the faid A& or this Ad, unlefs fuch Bufs or Vcfiel (hall ave been or (hall be manned with Ten Men or with Eight Men and 'wo Boys not under Thirteen Years of Age.

C A P. CLIV.

m A£t for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sefiion of Parliament.	[28th	July	1812.]

I.

II.

III.

j?3,600,000 o 8,000,000 o

20,400,000 o o

Out of Surplus of Britijh Confolidated Fund."] Part of Sum remaining in the Exchequer I to complete 20,000,000 granted out of | Produce of War Taxes for 1811 From the following Duties, viz.

Additional Excife under 43 G.3. tr.70.

---------—	Excife	on Tobacco,

&c.	46G.3. c.39.

—--------—	Duties	on Property-----f.65.

----------Excife	on Brandy

47G,$.SeJ.u c.27. Cuftoms	-	-	49G.3.C.98.

Additional Duty on Wood 51 G.3. c.43.

-'•44-— c. 31.

.1

V.

o

s

•g

04

CO

• Linen

--------------------Copper	•

New Duties on Importation of Hides in the Hair Additional Duties of Cuftoms on Fir Timber

-----on Mahogany 52 £.3,

on Wood and

IV. 2,209,626 o

•	f.67.

•	r*93*

. c. 36.

-r.117.

& .

Uoo

r

•SJL

04

t*

44

V.

VI.

441,218 o o

Pot and Pearl A(hes Exchequer Bills charged upon Supplies fpr 1811, fubferibed to be funded purfuant to the Refolutions of the Houfe of Commons of 17th February and 9th March 1812 v 01 fniJXT 11 For Naval Services here*

!

o

The following Produce of 3,000,000 o

10.500.000	o 1,500,000 o 6,789,625 o

22.500.000	o

j See i VIII.

Sums, viz.

Malt and Penfion Aft, not exceeding

Exchequer Bills Ditto Annuities

Ditto (after remitting 4»35O,00o/. to Ireland; and 2,500,000/ for Ea/l India Company)

52. G.3. e. 1.

4* 5-24.

-------c. 85.



Google

£ •

Sd .

•o

2 8*3

U	-

cu * X

CU

<

5,000,000

86o

C.IJ4*

AJ).i8i2.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

X.

51 coo ,ooo

Lotteries

o o

4,000,000 o o

52dGKara.

Exchequer Bilk (deducting One third for Ireland)	-	—	c.	125

Ptrt of Montes remaining to be received

'•86 U

>-si

a s**

i8thjaii.i8i2, to complete 20,000,000/. I

20400,000 O o 441418 o o

3.600.000	o o The following Sums, vis.

1.500.000	o o Annuities

granted out of Produce of War Taxes 1811

(granted above, § III.)

(granted above, f V.)

(granted above, $ I.)

CV-t

5!

4,350,000 o o Share of Lotteries

500,000

1,116,666

o 13

Appropriation, -20,442,149 2

3.345.875 o

4*53,31* 10 3.675.750 o

coming into the Jri/h ► Exchequer <	p -  5* G.3. r.70. —85.
under the A&s.	——— Cm 125. 	Cm 90.  .	**I,3’.

Treafury Bills Annuities

Treafury Bilk Ditto

For Naval Services; that is to fay, £ For 145,000 Men, *]

For Vi&uah,	I	A

For WearandTearof ^

I

g.t'0*

Z**

“ £ <s

l!*

*r «> * a. 2 S

1/.

659,750 o 1,038,514 ; 408,611 I

«»»975 1,696,621 Ij056,390

I	*5	6
2	7	3
I	19	0
O	7	0

For 13 Months.

10

° 3

o o

o o

1^78^92 12

•80,3*6	4

•78,74*

90,000

38,149

80,000

a,oc<rv,ooo

406,00

o o

Ships,	iviu

For Ordnance for Sea Month’

Service,	J

For Salaries and Expences of Ad-" miralty, 8cc.

For Half Pay, See. to Officers of Navy and Marines, &c.

For Superannuations, 8cc. in Admiralty and Tranfport Service For Building and Repairs of Ships of War and Extras For Provifions for Troops and Garri- For the Year fons on Foreign Stations, and Ra- 181*. tions for Troops embarked on board Tranfports For Hire of Tranfports For Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad For Prisoners of War in Health at Home and Abroad Ditto Sick •	-

For Salaries, Stationary and Contingencies of Tranfport Office For purchasing Quarries for Plymouth Break Water. For Portugal, “ to enable His Majesty to continue M to maintain in his Pay a Body of Portvgwfc " Troops, and to give fuch further Aid and M A Alliance to the Government of Portugal as the •• Nature of the Contefl in which His Majesty is c< engaged may appear to him to require.”

For Engagements with His Sicilian Majesty.



Google

t8i*.

52* GEO. m.

C. 154.

6<Si

25.174*756 »5 o

7,667,408 11 0

3^99,965 o 3

720/378 o o

27*783 T9 2

581,863 14 5

3 *>944 o 3

292,052 17	10

219,511 o 10

13,195 19 6

541,471 18 9

59,369 12 6

531,169 13 11 1,146,6^2 12 10 21,306 13 10

For Land Forces and other Services; that is to fay9 For Land Forces at Home and 1 Abroad (except in the Eqfl I Indies, Foreign Corps m |

Britijh Pay and Embodied Militia

For Embodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Corn-wall

For Local * Militia Force in Great Britain For Five Troops of Dragoons and Fifteen Companies of Foot for recruiting Corps ferving in India For General and Staff Officers and Officers of Hof-pitalsat Home and Abroad, and Charge of Garrifons For Full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of Forces Forprincipal Officers of feveral Public Departments in Great Britain and I reland) their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences, and Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymafter General For Half Pay to reduced Offi-cersofLanaForces including jBritijh American Forces and Scotch Brigade, late in the Service of the States General For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces, including Britijh American Forces For In and Out Penfioners of Che Ilea and Kilmainbam Hoipitals, and Expences of the Hofpitals For Penfions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Expencesattending the fame in Great Britain and Ireland For Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland For Foreign Corps in Service oiGreat Britain and Ireland For Allowances to retired Chaplains and Allowances

From ► 25th Dee. 1811, to 24th Dec• 1812.



Google

to

862

C. 154.

52‘GEO.IIL

A.D.i8i2*

128,4.68 I4 IO

*5**9 6 8

451 »o8o 7 o 267,214 3 o 16*547	3	»

434*441 o o 1,396,446 17 9 2,301,495 6 3 5,200,000 o o

fcll. 3*873,025 3 6

120,556 o 1 52,654 19	5

72*989 8 o

From } 25th Dec. 1811, to 24th Z)re. 1812.

to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad, aud Expences of Office of Chaplain Gene ral, See.

For Medicines and Surgical Materials for Land Forces and Hofpital Contingencies For Allowances on the Com-paffionate Lift to Children of deceafed Officers of Land Forces, and to Widows of Officers of faid Forces not intitled to Penfion, including Allowance as of His Ma-jefty’s Royal -Bounty. to feveral Officers, aud to Relatives of certain deceafed j Officers For Barrack Department in Ireland

For Commiffariat Department in Ireland For Allowances, Compenfa-tions and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation or retired Allowances to Perfons belonging to feveral Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland in refpedt of their having held Public Offices of a Civil Nature

For Barrack Department in Great Britain For Commifljry in Chief's Department -	)

For Extraordinary Expences > From 25th Dec. 1810, of Army not provided for ) to 24th Dec. 1811. For Extraordinary Expences! of Army of Great Britain > For the Year 1812. and Ireland - J For Office of Ordnance for!

Land Service for Great > For the Year 1812. Britain -	-	j

Ditto	-	in 1810.

Ditto	-	in 1811.

For Office of Ordnance for Great Britain on Account of Allowances to Superannuated, &c. Officers, to Officers feconded, to Officers for good Strvices, to fuperannuated and difabled

► For the Year 1812.

> For the Year 1812.

Me%



D.i8i2.

85j

5a0 GEO. in.

Cjj4.

For the Year 18x2.

XIII.

XIV.

XV.

XVI.

XVII.

XVIII. XIX.

XX.

XXI.

XXII.

XXIII.

Men, and Penfions to Wi- j dowa, &c. of deceafed Offi- J .a cers, late belonging to Ord- f For the Year l8l*‘ nance Military Corps - J 5,757	3	10	Ditto	not provided for in the Year i8ix.

19,827 15 O For Allowances, &c. in the^

Nature of fuperannuated or retired Allowances to Per-Ion8 late belonging to Office of O rdnance i n Great Britain in refpe& of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and alfo for Widows Penfions

370 12 o Ditto not provided for in the Year 1811.

459,885 18	2	For	Office	of	Ordnance	for^'

Ireland -12,260 13 10 Ditto	on	Account

of Pay of retired Officers of late Irijh Artillery and Penfions to Widows of deceafed Officers of the fame 2,819 18 I For Allowances, See. in the

Nature of fuperannuated or For the Year 1812. retired Allowances to Per- | fons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Ireland in refpe£t of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and alfo for Widows Penfions	-

10,500,000 o o For difeharging o^tftanding Exchequer Bills under

51 G 3. c. 3.

1.500.000	o o Ditto	-	-	 c.	4.

8.00.	000 o o Ditto for theService of the Year 1811.----------c. 85.

5,5 03,700 o o Ditto	-	-	■------r. 53.

1.382.000 o o Ditto	-	-	 r.	5	4.

2,647,900 o o Ditto	-	-	  c.	112.

1.000.	000 o o Irijh Currency for difeharging Trea-

fury Bills under	-------c. 5*

216,666 13 4 Ditto	-	-	 c.	88.

22,316 19 o To make good like Sumiffued purfuant to AddrefTes of the Houle of Commons, not made good by Parliament.

2,536 17 o Ditto.

Civil Eftablifr.ments, viz.

3400 9 O Bahama IJlands 1,030 00“

600 o O 8,450 o o 10,965 O O

Bermudas or Somer's IJlands Dominica Upper Canada Nova Scotia •

1

1

1

From 1 ft Jan. to 31ft Dee. 1812.

5>fo«



Google

A.D.i8i2«



XXIV.

C.I54-

5 2® GEO. m.

5,600

2,060

3,100

5»97i 14,020 11,701 2 5,000 20,000 12,000

O

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

8,000 o o 3,800 o o 123,152 2 O

3,411 16 o

4,791 12 • 1,718 4 o 800 o o

1,700 o “8,050 12

12.000	O

70,800 o

20.000	O

4 poo o

For the Year 18x2.

21,000 o o

16,000 o o

2 poo o o 4,467 6 6

374 ° 8

3,300 * o o

1>32® 5 4

244 16 6

199 13 5 426 12 o 173 12 10

New Bnmfwicl - I Cape Breton	-	I

Prince Edward IJland	I From 1 ft Jan. to

Newfoundland -	j 31ft Dec.	1812.

Sierra Leone	-	*	j

New South Wales * J For Forts on Coaft of Africa daring 1811, 1812. For American Loyalifts For Toulonexe and Corfican Emigrants For Saint Domingo Sufferers For Dutch Emigrants For Clergy and Laity of France

For Emigrants in Jerfey and

Guernfty For French Refugee Laity For French Refugee Clergy For Proteftant Diftenting Minifters in Ireland Ditto England For Superintendence of Aliens For Puolic Office, Bow Street For Convi&s at Home For Law Charges For Extraordinary Expences that may be incurred for Profecutions, &c. relating to Coin

For Printing for Houfe of Lords, and Printing Ads Parliament For Printing Bills, &c. by Order of Houfe of Com. mens For Printing Votes For Deficiency of Grant in i8ri, for printing Bills, &c. by Order of Houfe of Commons.

For Deficiency of Grant in 1810, for printing 1,750 Copies of Vol. 62. of Journals of Houfe of Commons.

For Stationary for both!

F(S of	Sail Martin’, fFor lhe Year ,8,z-

in the Fields	-	J

To E. Walmijley Efquire, for preparing V0U.40.41 .of Lords Journal for Prefs. To G. Dideas and J. Church, E£qutres» for Stationary font to New South Wales. To T. N. IVittwer Efqxire, for examining Esfl India Accounts.

To W. Chinwery Efquire, for Stores flip-plied by the HindoJUn at New South-Wales.

949



8 >

T3 0

8 «

cJ <u

o M

H

*49 19		O
4,640 11		O
MSS	>4	9
126	10	6
842	9	3
118	0	6
271	11	0
39i	11	0
1,581	8	6
219	*4	0
2,546	5	ti
419	3	0
2.604	17	
1,685	2	0
2,631	4	6
1,58*	9	0
428	*5	0
10,000	0	0
864 11		7i
	9	0

To Magfiftrates of Thames Police, for Plan for fecimng Shipping in Port of London.

To J. Retd Elquire, for Horfe Patrole round the Metropolis, for Three Quarters of a Year.

To P. Grant Efauire, Secretary to Com-miflioners of Military Enquiry, for Ex-pences of faid Commiffiooers.

To E. Walmijley Efquire, for preparing Vol.42. of Lords Journal for Prefs.

To MefTrs. Gurney Expences on Committees of Houfesof Parliament in 1810, 1811.

To J. Whutiy Efquire, for funreying Androjfan Harbour.

To Dr. T'• B- Clarke, for Returns of Non-refident Clergy for the Half Year.

To T. J* Mathias Efquire, to pay Bills drawn on R. Cumberland Efquire, as Agent for Nona Scotia,

To W. Watfon Efquire, Serjeant at Arms to Houle of Lords, during^Seffion 1811.

To J, Clement [on Efquire, Deputy Serjeant at Arms to Houfe of Commons, for Years Rent of Houfe, in lieu of Apartments re-' figned at Houfe of Commons.

To T. Telford Efauire, for furveying Holyhead £nd Port fat rick Roads. •

To Sir/. Colpoys, Treafurer of Greenwich Holpital, in part Payment of Fees charged on Receipt of 300,0001. granted by Parliament, and diftributed among Officers and Seamen in Battle of Trafalgar.

To G. Saunders Efquire, for Works done at Fleet and King's Bench Prifons.

To J*. Brodie Elquire, for Index to Journals of Houfe of Peers, and Salaries paid by him, See.

To Lord Waljmgham^ as Chairman of Committees of Houfe of Peers, during Seffion i8if.

To E. Stracey Efquire, as Counfel upon Chairman of Committees of Houfe of Peers, during Seffion 1811.

To /. France Efquire, for Affiftance in forming Index to Rolls of Parliament.

To African Committee for repairing, &c. Briiijh Forts, &c. on Coaft of Africa.

To Wm Chinnery Efquire, to pay Bills drawn by Colle&or of Cuftoms at Antigua, for Care and Support of Cargo of captured Negroes.

To M. Martin Elquire, towards carrying into effe& a Plan for enquiring into the State of Meadicity of the Metropolis.



354

C» 154*

5 2° GEO. in.

A.D.iSii.

354 *<> o

2,000 O O

6,785 *5 3

>

12

>0 °

hog

o

^ .

e .a 55 c ta J3 o*~M

100.000	o 5,000 o

175.000	o

11,000 o

59,681 o 40,611	8

o

o

To Reprefentative* of C. F. Grrvilk Ef-quire, in Rc-imburfement of Fees paid by them on Receipt of Sum voted by Parliament for purchafing Collection of Minerals.

To B. Eafion Efquire, to difcharge Fees paid on palling Public Accounts.

For Charges heretofore paid out of Proceeds of Old Naval Stores.

T*o the Prince Regent.

For Fees on pamng Public'

Accounts For Foreign and other Secret Services For Sheriffs for Convi&ioos of Felons and Over-payments For In-(

For the Year 1812.



of Part of Annuities under 37 G. 3. c.9. and 42 G.3. c.8.

For the Year 1812.

1,250 o o For Captain Manly'* Allow-' ar.ce and travelling Exigences in carrying into Execution his Plans for faving the Lives of Shipwrecked Manners 4>699 4 4 For repairing Henry the Seventh's Chapel l0»°57 0 o For Half the Charge of a Bridge at Carlijle 1,880 o o For Salaries of certain Officers of Two Houfes of Parliament

■2,118	4	7	To	the Uftier of the Court

of Exchequer for fupplying the Court and Officers with Stationary, &c.

20,669	8	2	For	Royal Military College 1	From

27»259 3	7	 Afylum>25th	Dec.	1811,	to

at Chelfea	J	24th	Dec. 1812.

*25,000 o o For Ere&ion of Royal Military College at SandburJ. 5>5°° o o For Board of Agriculture 5o,coo o o For Inland Navigation from the EaJlern to the Wejlcm Sea, by Invernefc and Fort William

20,000 o o For Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland H,COO o o For extra Charge for Contingencies ok Three Secretaries of State

6,000 o o --------------------------- Mef-

fengcrs of the Three Secrt> tanes »	-	j

For the Year iSiz-



Google

4*,x6

D. i8u.

52°geo. ni.

c.154.

867

1^48,00Q

94

15.000 650

1.700.000 2488

3.000

10.000

3,600

50,000

2.500.000 291

3.000

4.000

o o

12 II

7,405 1,000

4,530

11,585

6,910

7,734

o o

o o

o o

o o

o o

o o

12

O

*4

4

► For the Year 1812.

Mr. Greatbead for hit

For the Year 1812.

23.487 710

* 7

o o

522 o o

US 13	8

J* Gso. III.

For probable Amount of Bills drawn from New South Wales :

For'Deficiency of Grant for 1811, for extraordinary Ex-pences of Profecutions, &c. relating to the Coin For Holyhead Harbour For further Remuneration to Invention of the Life Boat*

For Intereft on Exchequer Bills.

For Deficiency of Grant for 1811 for reprinting 2 Vols. of Journals and 2 Vols. of Reports of Houfe of Commons.

For Expence incurred in 1812 for Printing 1,750 Copies of Vol. 65. of Journals of Houle of Commons for 1810.

For reprinting 6 Volumes of'

Journals of the Houfe of Commons For Expences incident to Two Houfes of Parliament For the 12 Children of the late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval.

For Relief of Eafi India Company.

For Deficiency of Grant in 1811 to defray Bills of U(hcr of Exchequer for fupplying Court, &c, with Stationary, &c.

For National VaccineEftabiilhO ment	I

For Bills from abroad on Ac. I For ^ y count of Allowances to j French and Corfican Emi- J grants	J

For Royal Naval AJylum from ift April 1812 to 31ft March 1813,

For Truftecs of Britijb Mufeum.

Ditto.	for purchafiog	Books

rcpe&ing the Britifh I Hands aud Pofleffions of the Brilijb Empire.

For Expence of Printing 1,250 Copies of Vols. 43.

44. and 45. of Journals of Houfe of Peers.

To complete the Shell of New Hofpital of Betblem for 1812.

For Printing by Order of Commiffioners of Records, For Commiffioners of Public Expenditure iq Military Departments.

To W, Chinnery Efquire' to pay Bills drawn by S. M. Phillips Secretary to To W. Pollock Efquire for Re-imburfement of Fees on Appointment of



| KS 8 go

£53*3

n

3 x

Commiffioners forenquiring into Laws of Ele&ion of Jurats, 8cc, iii Jcrfcy.



A.D.i8i2*



C. 154.

52*626. ill.

£334 4

154 13 6 3,093 14 o

171 II 0

299 7 o 424 o o 11*672 o o 245 16 o

►

521 17 o i6t 4 8*

308 8 6

63 3 6 o

426 10 6 1,161 3 11J

4^3 1 11

3

”S

9

a

c

I

•2

E

o

h

To W. Chinnery fefquire to pay Bill drawn by Collector of Cuiloms at the Baiamai• for Expences incurred in Diftribution of Cargo of Negroes condemned as Prize of War.

To Rev. J. Pridden and J. P. Malcolm for collating Calendar of Lords Journals.

To J* Read Efquire, for Expences of Horfe Patrole round the Metropolis, for half a Year, to 5th April 1812.

To Do&or T. B. Clarke for Returns of Non Refident Clergy for half a Year ending 5th Jan. 1812.

To Ditto for extra Expences in preparing Copies called for by Parliament in Two Years, ending 25th March 1810, of Returns to Privy Council under 43 G.3. r.84.

To T. Nettlejbip Efquire, for publifhing Weekly Returns of Average Price d Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, for One Year, to ill OR. 1811.

To W. Mellijh Efquire, for Supply of Prori* fiops and Articles of firil Necemty for Relief of Inhabitants of Danifb Settlements in Davis9j Streights.

To E. Walmtfley Efquire, for preparing Vols. 43^ and 44. of Lords Journals for the Prefs.

To P. Grant Efquire, Secretary to Com-miflioners of Military Enquiry, for Expences of faid Commimoners.

To W. Chinnery Efquire,



To pay Bill dia« by Governor Beckwith for Expences under Abolition of Slave Trade A6t, for Support of Captured Negroes.

To IV. Speer Efquire,

To the Magiftrates of the Thames Polic* for further Expences incurred in carrying into EffeA Plan for fecuring Shipping in Port of London.

To T N. Witt wet Efquire, for examining Eef India Accounts for One Year, to 7th Sept. 1811.

To R.Trowatd Efquire, in difchaige of Balance including Intereft due to him and the late A. Wallis Efquire, on Account of Impeachment of Warren Hqftings.

To J. Eyles Efquire, Warden of the Fleet, for Expences incurred in Occafonal Repair!,

£$fiOO



Goo^fe

.D.iSia.

Si• GEO. III.

C,iS4-

8 fy

*3,000 o o

500 o o

5,800 2 O

2,960 8 o Stoco o o 4>436 o 1 60 o o

170 o o 410 4 6

320 o o

30,000 o o 100,000 o o

IO,OQO O O

2>95o 7 o

7046s 17 XXV. Irj/h Currency.

250 o o

200 O O 200 O O

156 O O

200 Q O

|

g->

s?

“I'cj

O u*> bo O

JS ® •S 0 a

for examining Laws relating to Election of Jurat* in the Ifland of Jerfey.

To /F. Ofyood% and ///

Hobhoufe Efquires, and to Me Swabey Do&or of Civil Laws, £ 1,000 each, for Services performed by them as Com-miflioners To S. M. Phillips Efquire,

Compenfatipn for Services as Secretary to Commiffioners To Officers and Clerks of Tally Court in 0	the	Exchequer	for	levying	Tallies from

H	5th	Jan.	1809, to 5^ Jan' 1812.

For Charges heretofore paid out of proceed* of Old Naval Stores.

To Mailer Crompton, for Invention of the Machine called The Mule.

For Improvements at Wejl minftcr Hally &c.

For Superannuation Allowance to J. PiugOy formerly Affiftant Engraver at the For the Year 1812. Mint

„	— --------Tp E. Royer,

formerly Clerk in Lottery Office

—.....-	—	Of jfflOOper Ann. to J. Planta

Efquire, formerly ope of Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, from 2 ill June 1811 to 5th Jan. 1813.

To two retired Clerks of Commiffioners for auditing public Accounts for 1812.

Towards building a Penitentiary Houfe.

To Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty.

Mint—For Balance of Bills] for Fittings, 8cc. provided lad Yearforworking Rooms,

3cc. and for additional Works

■	- For Machinery fixed For the Year 1812.

by Mader Rennie, and other extra Works by Bolton and Watt

5>$94 18 4 For Military Roads in North Britain

For Deficiency of Grant* for 1 gii.

[In Ireland*]

Infpe&or General of Imports and Exports, preparing Accounts of Ireland.

Fird Clerk of Ditto, preparing Accounts. Examinator of Excife, Ditto.

Affidant Examinator of Excife, Ditto.

Examinator of Corn Bounties, for keeping Accounts. 3 K 2	*200



870

XXVI.

XXVII.

XXVIII.

C.I54.

jf 200 o o

52'CEO. III.

A.D.1812.

30.529

10,500

23,748 9 2

25,000 o o

Clerk in Office of Auditor of the Exchequer, forprt-paring Accounts for Parliament.

Board of Works -	-	For	the	Year	1812.

Proclamations and other Mat-7 For One Year fruiters in Dublin Gazette, See. j ing 5th Jan. 1815.

Printing, 6cc, for Secretaries’^

Offices, and other Public Offices in Dublin Caflle, Ac.

For Criminal Profecutions and other Law Expeoces

2,500 o o Apprehending Public Offenders

1,047 10 2

4,000

2,856

9,481

3>95*

8,900

32,000

1,200

From 5th Jan, 1812, t# 5th Jam. 1813.

9 o o •

15,000 o o

10,000 o o

21,600 o o

10,000 o o

5»ooo

50,000

Expence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin

Incidents of the Treafury -

For Lottery Officers for One Year, due 24th Jnr 1812.

Non-conform ing Miniftm }

Support of Seeing Mi-| f	h	„	h	,

nifter. from Synod of j tQ ^

Draining Bogs under 49 G. 3. c. 102.

Harbour of Howtb, Works at.

For Printing, Ac. 250 Copies of Public Geseral Ads, 52 G.3.

To Commiffioncrs for Enquiry into Fees and Abo&i in Ireland.

Board of Firft Fruits for build-' ing Churches and Glebe Houfes, and purchafing Glebes

Trufteea of the Linen and Hem pen Manufactures

Dublin Society for promoting Hufbandry, Ac.

From 5th Jan. 1812, to 5th Jan, 1813.

For One Year eod-ing5th Jan. 1813 From 5th Jan, 1812,

Farming Society	-	J	5tb Jo*. 1813

Truflees and Commiffioners of Firlt Fruits, towwJ* Building, Ac. Churches and Chapels, Ac.

16,165 o o Commiffioners for making'	From

2,500

4^539

30,250

4i>9<*

o

o

o

o

wide and convenient Streets {> 5th Jan, 1812, to “ ^	5th	Jam.	1813

m Dublin Cork Inftitution For Proteftant Charter Schools Foundling Hofpital in Dublin Houfe of Induftry, Hofpitals andAfylumsfor Induitriou* Children in Dublin 23,666 o o Hibernian Society for Soldiers’ \ Children at Dublin - I Marine Society J

2,826

«»973

Roman Catholic Seminary

From 5th/oi-i8i2,t» 5th Jam. 2813.

For the Year 181*.

4*1,806



Google

IX1812.

871

520 GEO. m.

C.154,ij*.

From 5th Jan. 1812,ta 5 th Jan.. 1813.

XXIX.

Female Orphan Houfe near'

Dublin

Wejjmorland Lock Hofpital in Dublin

Lying-in Hofpital in Dublin For erefting Buildings at the Eaft Wing of Sir Patrick Dun98 Hofpital in Dublin Doftor Stevens9 Hofpital at Dublin

For Improvements and Repairs of Saint Patrick's Hofpital For 180 Patients in Houfe of Recovery and Fever Hofpital in Dublin For Commiffioners of Charitable Donations and Bequefls Affcciatimi for difcounteuan-cing Vice and promoting Chriftian Religion For Building additional DifTefting Rooms to College of Surgeons at Dublin.

For Green Coat Hofpital ofl v v Q City of Cork - } For the Year 181a.

And it tg hereby alfo enafted, That the faid Aids and Supplies applied

£ 1,806	0	0
8,1647	0	0
3.17*	0	0
3,016	0	0
M*4	0	0
4,180	0	0
a,000	0	0
600	0	0
2,423	0	0
3*66	0	0
700	p	0

Supplies provided as aforefaid fhall not he iflued and applied to any f°r PurP°le* U(e, Intent or Puiyofe whatever, other than the Ufea and Purpofes ore,al " \>efore mentioned, or for the faid Dehciency or other Payments di-refted to be fatisfied thereout, by any Aft or Afts, or any particular Claufe or Claufes for that Purpofe contained in any other Aft or Afts ■of this prefent Seffion of Parliament, or to the Payment or Com-penfation heretofore allowed for or in lieu of the Prifage and Butler-age of Wines in Ireland.

XXX. Rules for Application of Half Pay XXXI. Half Pay to Officers of Marine Fen-ciblcs

XXXIL ...--------to Chaplains of Regiments A - r

although in PofTeffion of Ecclefi- ► SJn/ #3*r* l7% aftical Benefices	-	34*

XXX1IL Application of Overplus of Sum under 51 G. 3-r.i 17. § 15. to reduced Officers

CAP. CLV.

An Aft to repeal certain Afts, and amend other Afts relating to Religious Worfhip and Aflem^Iies and Perfons teaching or preaching therein.	‘	[29th	July 1812.]

• TTT HEREAS it is expedient that certain Afts of Parliament, 4 W made in the Reign of Mif late Majesty King Charles tlie 4 Second, relating to Non ConformifU and Conventicles, and refuling 4 to take Oaths, (hould be repealed, and that the Laws relating to 4 certain Congregations and Aflemblies for Religious Worfhip, and

3 K 3	4	Perfons



15 k 14 Car. 2. c. i«

iy Car. a c. 2.

22 Car. 2. c. i. repeated.

Places of Religious Worfhip certified and regiftered.

Certificate

Fee.

Penalty.

Teaching, &c. without Confent of Occupiers. Penalty.

* Perfons teaching, preaching or officiating therein, and reforting 1 thereto, (hould be amendedBe it therefore enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aHembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the paf&ng of this Aft, an Aft of Parliament made in the Seffion of Parliament held in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled. An A3 for presenting the Mifchiefs and Dangers that may arife by certain Perfons called Quakers, and others, refufng to take lawful Oaths; and another Aft of Parliament, made in tne Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for refraining Ken Conformifls from inhabiting in Corporations ; and another Aft of Parliament, made in the Twenty fecond Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled An A8 to present and fupprefs feditions Conventicles, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, no Congregation or AfTembly for Religious Worfhip of Proteftants (at which there (hall be'prefent more than Twenty Perfons befides the immediate Family and Servants of the Perfon in whole Houfe or upon whofe Premifes fuch Meeting, Congregation or Aflembly fliall be had) (hall he permitted or allowed, unlefs and until the Place of fuch Meeting, if the fame (hall not have been duly certified and regiftered under any former Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to regiflering Places of Religious Worfhip, fhall have been or fhall be certified to the Bifhop of tne Diocefe, or to the Archdeacoa of the Archdeaconry, or to the Jufticcs of the Peace at the General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the Couoty, Riding, Divifioo, City, Town or Place in which fuch Meeting fhall be held ; and all Places of Meeting which fhall be fo certified to the Bifhop’s or Archdeacon’s Court, fhall be returned by fuch Court once in each Year to the Quarter Seffions of the County, Riding. Divifioo, City, Town or Place; and all Places of Meeting which (hall be fo certified to the Quarter Seffions of the Peace fhall be alfo returned once in each Year to the Bifhop or Archdeacon ; and all fuch Places fhall be regiftered in the faid Bifhop’s or Archdeacon’s Court refpeftively, and recorded at the faid General or Quarter Seffions ; the Regiftrar or Clerk of the Peace whereof refpeftively is hereby required to regifter and record the fame ; and the Bifhop or Regiftrar or Clerk of the Peace to whom any fuch Place of Meeting fhall be certified under this Aft fhall give a Certificate thereof to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall rc-queft or demand the fame, for which there fhall be no greater Fee nor Reward taken than Two Shillings and Six pence; and every Perfoa who fhall knowingly permit or fuffer any fuch Congregation or AfTembly as aforefaia to meet in any Place occupied by him, until the fame fhall have been fo certified as aforefaid, fhall forfeit for every time any fuch Congregation or AfTembly fhall meet contrary to the Provi-fions of this Aft, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor lefs than Twenty Shillings, at the Difcretion of the Juftices who fhall convift for fuch Offence.

III.	Provided always, and he it further enafted. That every Perfon who fhall teach or preach in any Congregation or AfTembly as afcie-faid, in any Place, without the Confent of the Occupier thereof, fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds,

nor



A.D.i8i2.	52° GEO. III.	C15J.	87^

norlefs than Forty Shillings, at the Difcretion of the Judices who ftafl convid for fuch Offence.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the paffing of Preachers in and this Ad, every Perfon who fhall teach or preach at, or officiate in, or Perfons refort-fhali refort to any Congregation or Congregations, Affembly or f° ^.eIlg,ous Affemblies for Religious Worfhip of Protedants, whole Place of ^ed^nd^Adt, Meeting fhall be duly certified according to the Provifions of this Ad, exempt from * or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to the certifying and Penalties of regidering of Places of Religious Worfhip, fhall be exempt from a}l *'v■ & fuch Pains and Penalties under any Ad or Ads of Parliament re-	Cf

lating to Religious Worfhip, as any Perfon who fhall have taken the Oaths, and made the Declaration preferibed by or mentioned in an Ad, made in the Fird Year of the Reign of King William and Oueen Mary, intituled An A3 for exempting Their Majejly's Proteflant Sub-jeBs differing from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, or any Ad amending the faid Ad, is by Law exempt, as fully and effedually as if all fuch Pains and Penalties, and the fe-veral Ada enforcing the fame, Were recited in this Ad, and fuch Exemptions as aforefaid were feveraUy and feparately euafted in relation thereto.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That every Perfon Oaths, tak#*a not having taken the Oaths and fubfcribed the Declaration hereinafter by Preachers, fpecified, who fhall preach or teach at any Place of Religious Wor- when required fhip certified in purfuance of the Diredions of this Ad, fhall, when y ^iftrate. thereto required by any one Juflice of the Peace, by any Writing under his Hand or figned by him, take and make and fubfcribe, in the Pretence of fuch Juftice of the Peace, the Oaths and Declarations fpecified and contained in an Ad, paffed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His Majefly King George the Third, intituled Aft jffit 19G. 3.G44. for the further Relief of Proteflant Dijfenting Mtnifters and School-majlers ; and no fuch Perfon who, upon being fo required to take fuch Oaths and make fuch Declaration as aforefaid, mail refufe to attend the Juflice requiring the fame, or to take and make and fubfcribe fuch Oaths and Declaration as aforefaid, fhall be thereafter permitted or allowed to teach or preach in any fuch Congregation of Affembly for Religious Worfhip, until he fhall have taken fuch Oaths, and made fuch Declaration as aforefaid, on Pain of forfeiting, for every time he fhall fo teach or preach, any Sum not exceeding Ten Penalty.

Pounds nor lefs than Ten Shillings, at the Difcretion of the Juflice xonviding for fuch Offence.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That np Perfon Not compete* fhall be required by any juftice of the Peace to go to any greater Dif- to §omdre than tance than Five Miles from his own Home, or from the Place where Five Miles, he fhall be refiding at the time of fuch Requifition, for the Pyrppfe

of taking fuch Oaths as.aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enaded. That it fhall be lawful for any of Who may re-

His Majesty’s Proteflant Subjeds to appear before any one Juftice of quire Juflice of the Peace, and to produce to fuch Juftice of the Peace a printed or	.

written Copy of the faid Oaths and peclaration, and to require fuch ic^undwAtl. * Juftice to adminifter fuch Oaths and to tender fuch Declaration to be

made, taken and fubfcribed by fuch Perfon; and thereupon it fhfdi be lawful for fuch Juftice, and he is hereby authorised and required to adminifter fuch Oatbs and to tender fuch Declaration to the rerfon xequufing to tajte and and fubfcribe the ft*me ; and foefi Perfpn

3 K 4	ihall



-

»74

A.D. iBii.

C.ISJ.

GEO. Ilf.

JufticM to gi¥t Certificate of Oath.

Pet.

Certificate

Evidence.

Teachers taking Oaths, dec exempt from Offices, and from Militia.

iW.kM. S<£i. c.18.

FalCe Certificate*

Penalty.

fhall take and make and fubferibe fuch Oaths and Declaration in the Prefence of fuch Juftice accordingly ; and fuch Juftice (hall atteft the fame to be fwom before him, ana mall traofmit or deliver the Came to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Town or Place for which he (hall aft as fuch Juftice of the Peace, before or at the next General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace for fuch County, Riding. Divifion, City, Town or Place.

VIII. And be it further enafted, That every Juftice of the Peace before whom any Perfon (hall make and take and fubferibe fuch Oaths and Declaration as aforefaid, (hall forthwith give to ^he Perfon having taken, made and fubferibed fuch Oaths and Declaration, a Certificate thereof under the Hand of fuch Juftice, in the-Form following ; that is to (ay,

*	T A.B* one of His Maiefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County*

*	■ [Riding, Divifion, City or Town, or Place, as the cafe may

« of	do	hereby	certify, That C. D. of, &c.

*	[deferibing the Cbriftian and Surname, and Place of Abode of dt ‘ Party ] did this Day appear before me, and did make and take sad < fubferibe the feveral Oaths and Declaration fpecificd in an Ad, v made in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of King George the « Third, intituled [Jet forth the Title of this A8.~] Witnefs my Hand

*	this	Day	of	One thoufaod

« eight hundred and

And for the making and figning of which Certificate, where the (aid Oaths and Declaration are taken and made on the Requifition of the Party taking and making the fame, fuch Juftice (hall be entitled to demand and have a Fee of Two Shillings and Six pence, and no more: And fuch Certificate (hall be conclufive Evidence that the Party named therein has made and taken the Oaths and fubferibed the Declaration in manner required by this Aft.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That every Perfon who*(hall teach or preach in any fuch Congregation or Aflembly, or Congregations or Afleroblies as aforefaid, who (hall employ himfelf folely in the Duties of a Teacher or Preacher, and not follow or engage in lay Trade or Bufinefs, or other Profeffion, Occupation or Empfoymest, for his Livelihood, except that of a Schoolmafter, and who (hall produce a Certificate of fome Juftice of the Peace, of his having taken and made and fubferibed the Oaths and Declaration aforefaid, (hall be exempt from the Civil Services and Offices fpecificd in the (aid recited Act pa fled in the Firlt Year of King fViltiam and Queen Mtty, and from being ballotted to fenre and from ferving in the Militia or Local Militia of any County, Town, Parifli or Place in any Part of the United Kingdom,

X.	And be it further enafted, That every Perfon who (hall produce any falfe or untrue Certificate or Paper, as and for a true Certificate of his having made and taken the Oaths and fubferibed the Declarations by this Aft required for the Purpofe of claiming any Exemption from Civil or Military Duties as aforefaid, under the Provifionsof this or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds 5 which Penalty may be recovered by and to the Ufe of any Perfou who will fue for the fame by any Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty'i Courts of Recofd at IVeJlmsnJler, or the Courts of Great Seffiom k

,	Wales,



Google

A.t). ifcis.

*7S

52* CEO. til.	C.155.

Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chefler, Lancajlet and Durham (as the cafe (hall require) ; wherein no Effoign, Privilege,

Protedion or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed.

XI. And be it further enaded, That no Meeting, Aflembly or Con- Door* of Reli-gregation of Perfons for Religious Worfhip, (hall be had in any Place e,jU» Affemblies with the Door lockedj bolted or barred, or otherwife fattened, fo as J^riC(J 1 °r to prevent any Perfons entering therein during the time of any fuch Meeting, Aflembly or Congregation 5 and the Perfon teaching or preaching at fuch Meeting, Aflembly or Congregation, (hall forfeit for every time any fuch Meeting, Aflembly or Congregation (hall be held with the Door locked, bolted, barred or otherwife fattened as aforefaid, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor lefs than Forty Penalty. Shillings, at the Difcretion of the Jufticcs conviding for fuch Offence.

XI I. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons, at Difturbing Reli-any time after the palling of this Ad, do and (hall wilfully and mali- gious Afftrobiie*? cioufly or contemptuously difquiet or difturb any Meeting, Aflembly or Congregation of Perfons aflembled for Religious Worfhip, permitted or authorized by this Ad, or any former Ad or Ads of Parliament, or (hall in any way ditturb, molett or mifufe any Preacher,

Teacher or Perfon officiating at fuch Meeting, Aflembly or Congregation, or any Perfon or Perfons there aflembVd, fuch Perfon or Per-10ns fo offending, upon Proof thereof before any Juftire of the Peace by Two or more credible Witneffes, (hall find Two Sureties to be Recognizance, bound by Recognizances in the penal Sum of Fifty Pounds to an- Penalty, fwer for fuch Offence, and in default of fuch Sureties (hall he committed to Prifon, there to remain till the next General or Quarter Seifioma ; and upon Convidion of the faid Offence at the faid General or Quarter Seflions, (hall fuffer the Pain and Penalty of Forty Pounds.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in TWifo for Ec-this Aft contained (hall affed or be conftrued to affed the Celebra- clcfi^O'cal Junf-tion of Divine Service according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Qjurch° e United Church of England and Ireland, by Minifters of the faid

Church, in any Place hitherto ufed for fuch Purpofe, or being now or here after doly confecrated or licenfed by any Archbifhop or Bffhop or other Perfon lawfully authorized to confecrate or licenfe tli?* fame, or to affeft the Jurifdidion of the Archbilhops or Bittiops or other Perfons exercifing lawful Authority in the Church of the United Kingdom over the faid Church, according to the Rules and Difcipline of the fame, and to the Laws and Statutes of the Realm; but fuch Jurif-diftion (hall remain and continue as if this Ad had not paffed.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Aft not to ex-Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to the People tend 10 ufually called Quakers, nor to any Meetings or Affemblies for Religious Worfhip held or convened by fuch Perfons; or in any manner to alter

or repeal or affed any Ad, other than and except the Ads paflcd in the Reign of King Charles the Second hereinbefore repealed, relating to the People called Quakers, or relating to any Affemblies or Meetings for Religious Wprfhip held by them.

XV.	Aud be it further enaded. That every Perfon guilty of any Offender* cm»-Offence, for which any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture is impofed by I^tcd beforc this Aft, in refped of which no fpecia! Provifion is made, (hall and

jpaay bt convided thereof by Information .upon the Oath of any One

or

' 

C.I5S-

52* CEO. in.

A-D.ilit-

Imprifaunent

Appeal after Conviction to General Quarter ieffiooc.

or more credible Witnefs or Wkneffes before any Two or more lattices of the Peace adinsz in and for the County, Riding, City or Plate wherein fuch Offence (hall be committed ; and that all and every the Forfeiture* pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures which (hall be incurred or become levied byDiftref*. payable for any Offence or Offences again ft this Ad, (hall and bdit be levied by Diftrefs under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of Two Juftices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City or Place, in which any fuch Offence or Offences was or were committed, or where the Forfeiture or Forfeitures was or were incurred, and (hall wfem levied be paid One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Pari(h in which the Offence was committed; and is cafe of no fufficient Diftrefs whereby to levy the Penalties, or any or either of them impofed by this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch Juftices refpedively before whom the Offender or Offenders (hall be convi&ed, to commit fuch Offender to Prifon for fuch time not «-ceeding Three Months, as the faid Juftices in their Difcretion (tall think St.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Perfon or Per* fons who (hall hereafter be convi&ed of any of the Offences puniftabk by this A6k, (hall conceive him, her or therofelves to be aggrieved by fuch Convi&ion, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Perfon or Perfons refpedively, and he, (he or they (kail or may appeal to the General or Quarter Seilions of the Peace boldes next after fuch Coovi&ion ia and for the County, Riding, CitT or Place, giving unto the Juftices before whom fuch Convi&ion (hall b: made, Notice in Writing within Right Days after any fuch Conviction, of his, her or their Intention to prefer fuch Appeal; and the (aid Juftices in their (aid General or Quarter Sef&ons (hall and may, arsi they are hereby authorised and empowered to proceed to the Hearisg and Determination of the Matter of fuch Appeal, and to make fad Order therein, and to award fuch Cofts to be paid by and to either Party, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as they in their Difcretion dull think fit.

Limitation cf XVII. And be k further ena&ed, That no Penalty or Forfeiture Profecutkm. (hall be recoverable under this Ad, unlefs the fame (hall be fued for, or the Offence in refped of which the fame is impofed is profecotcd before the Juftices of the Peace or Quarter Seffions, within Six Months after the Offence (hall have been committed; and no Prrfoa who (hall fuffer any Imprifonment for Nonpayment of any Penalty (hall thereafter be liable to the Payment of fuch Penalty or Forfeiture.

Limitation of XVIII. And be k further enaded» That if any Adioa or Suit Anions.	(hall	be brought or commenced again ft any Perfon or Perfons for any

thing done in purfuance of this Ad, that every fuch Adion or Suit (hall be commenced within Three Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid and brought in the County wherein the Caufe or alleged Caufe of Adion (hall have accrued, and not elfewbere; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch general Jflue. Adion or Suit may plead the General Iffue, and give this Ad and the fpecial Matter m Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupoo, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by Authority of this Ad ; and if it (hall appear fo to be done* or if any fuch Adioa or Suit (hall be brought after the tipve fc> limited.for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any otfyer County, City or Place, that then

and

LjOOQle

A.D.i8n.	5a° GECX III.	C.	155,15&	.

and in fuch cafe the Jury (ball find for fuch Defendant or Defendants ; and upon fuch Verdid, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or A&ions, or if a Verdict (hall pads againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (hall have and may recover Treble Coils, and Treble Cofts* have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit in other cafes by Law.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That this Ad (hall be deemed Public Ad. and taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juft ices and others, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. CLVI.

An A& for the more effectual Puntihment of Perfons aiding

Prifoners of War to efcape from His Majesty’s Dominions.

[29th July 1812.]

4 TTTHEREAS many Prifoners of War confined and on Parole ‘ VV in different Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions have of late 4 efcaped by the Aid and Afiiftance of many of His Majesty’s Sub-4 jeds and others; and it is neceffary to reprefs fuch Pradices and 4 Violations of the Allegiance due to His Majesty and of the Law g by more effedual Puniflimentj’ Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeat Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Aiding Prifoners Perfoa who (hall, from and after the palling of this Ad, knowingly of War to and wilfully aid or afiift any Alien Enemy of His Majesty, being a sfcape. Prifoner of War in His Majesty’s Dominions, whether fuch Prifoner (hall be confined as a Prifoner of War in any Prifon or other Place of Confinement, or (hall be fuffered to be at large in His Maiefty’s Dominions or any Part thereof on his Parole, to efcape from fuch Prifon or other Place of Confinement, or from His Majefly’s Dominions, if at large upon Parole, (hall, upon being convi&ed thereof, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be liable to be tranfported as a Felon for Life, Tnnfportation. or for fuch Term of Fourteen or Seven Years, as the Court before whom fuch Perfon (hall be convided (hall adjudge.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enadea, That every Perfon Aiding though who (hall knowingly and wilfully aid or afiift any fuch Prifoner at notaflifting Pri* large on Parole in quitting any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions £jnerin ^u,ltiu5 where he may-be on his Parole, although he (hall not aid or afiift fuch 08 Perfon in quitting the Coaft of aBy Part of His Majesty’s Dominions,

{hail be deemed guilty of aiding the Efcape of fuch Perfon under the Provifions-of this Ad.

III.	And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons AfEfting on

owing Allegiance to His Majesty, after any fuch Prifoner as aforefaid High Sew Pri-hath quitted the Coaft of any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions in	*> efcape.

fuch his Efcape as aforefaid, (hall knowingly and wilfully upon the

High Seas aid or afiift fuch Prifoner in his Efcape to or towards any

other DominioBS or Place, fuch Perfon (hall alfo be adjudged guiltv Tranfpertatwn.

of Felony, and be liable to be transported as aforefaid 5 and fuch

Offences committed upon the High Seas and not within the Body

of any County, (hall and may be enquired of, tried, heard, determined Oftencw whsrs

and xtlvL



Offences tried otherwile than under Provifions *f Ail

Tokens not iffued.

‘Makin;, &c. Tokens.

Penalty.

Tokens not to circulate after 15th March

1^x3.

0.156,157.	52°	GEO.	HI.	A.D. iSu.

and adjudged in any County within the Realm, in like xnaxmer as if fuch Offences had been committed within fuch County,

IV. And be it aifo enaded, That this Ad fhall not be deemed or taken to prevent any Perfon, committing any Offence mentioned in this Ad, from being profecuted, in fuch manner as be might by Lav have been profecuted if this Ad had not paffed; but neverthdefs 00 Perfon profecuted otherwise than under the Provifions of this Aft, fhall be liable to be profecuted for the fame Offence under the Pro. vifions hereof; and no Perfon profecuted under the Provifions of this Ad (hall for the fame Offence be liable to be otherwife profecuted.

CAP. CLVH.

An Ad to prevent the iffuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver, or other"Metal, ufually called Tokens, except fuch as are iffued by the Banks of England and Ireland refpediveiy.

[29th July 1812.]

*	HEREAS	various Pieces of Gold or Silver, and mixed

*	V V Metals compofed in Part of Gold or Silver, ufually deoo-4 minated Tokens, have lately been and are iffued and circulated bj 4 Perfons refiding in various Parts of the United Kingdom, in grot 4 Quantities, for nominal Sums of Money ufually exprefied them*, 4 much above the real Value of the Metals of which the fame art 4 compofed: And whereas it is expedient that the further makisg

*	and iffuing of fuch Tokens fhould be prohibited, and that the Crr-4 culation of thofe already made or iffued fhould alfo be prohibited 4 after a limited Period May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty tkt it may be eua&ed; and be it enaded by the King's Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembH and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the paiii? of this Ad, no Piece of Gold or Silver, or mixed Metal compotai in Part of Gold or Silver, of whatever Value the fame may be, feaO be made or manufadured, or originolly iffued as a Token for Moor, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof is entitled to <k-mand any Value denoted thereon, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks or otherwife, whether fuch Value is to be |paid or given is Money or Goods, or in any manner whatfoever; and every Peiiofi who (nail after the pafiing of this Ad make or manufa&ore, or originally iffue or caufe or procure to be made, manufactured or origioa&y iffued, or permit or fuffer to be fo iffued on his or her Behalfss for any nominal Value in Money or Goods, any fuch Token, (hall for every Token fo made, manufadured or iffued, or procured or per-rotted to be fo made, manufadured or iflued as aforefaid, forfeit mt Sum not lefs than Five Pounds or more than Twenty Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace who (hall hear sad determin? fuch Offence.

II. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteea, #0 Piece of Gold or Silver, or of any mixed Metal compofed partly of Gold or Silver, of whatever Value the fame may be, (hall pals or circulate as a Token for Money, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof is entitled to demand any Value denoted thereon, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks Or otherwife, whether fuch Value

L^ooQle

A«D« iSix.

52#geo. in.	c.157.	879

» to be paid or given in Money or Goods, or other Value, or in any manner wbatfoever; and every Perfon who (hall after the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, circulate or pafs, as for any nominal Value in Money or Goode, any fuch Token, (hall for every fuch Token fo circulated or paffed, whether fuch Perfon (hall be or have been concerned in the original ifTuing or circulation of any fuch Token, or only the Bearer or Holder thereof for the time being, forfeit any Sum not lefs than Five Pounds, nor Penalty, more than Twenty Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace who (hall hear and determine fuch Offence ; provided that nothing in this Adt contained (hall extend or be cotiftrued to extend to prevent any Perfon from prefenting any fuch Token for Payment to the original Iffuer thereof, or to dilcharge or excufe any Original Ifluer. fuch original Iffuer from his Liability to pay the fame.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That nothing in this A& not t0 **-A6t contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to any Tokens

iffued or circulated by or under the Authority of the Governor and	ireiand?~

Company of the Bank of England, or by or under the Authority of

the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland refpedtively, or

in any manner to affedt any fuch Tokens or the Circulation thereof,

or to fubiedt any Company or Companies, or Perfon or Perfons to

any Penalty for iffuiug or circulating any fuch Tokens.

IV.	And he it further enadted, That it (hall be lawful for any Juftices em-Juftice or Juftices pf the Peace adting for the County, Riding, City powered to hett or Place within which any Offence again Ik this Adi (hall be committed, determine to hear and determine the fame in a fummary way; and fuch Juftice . ences‘

or Juftices upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made upon Oath in that Behalf, (hall fummon the Party acculed, and alfo the Witneffes on either Side, and (hall examine into the Matter of Fadt, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confeflion of the Party or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or otherwife (which Oath fucb Juftice or Juftices is pr are hereby authorized to adminifter) (hall convidi the Offeuder, and adjudge the Penalty for fuch Offence.

V.	And be it further enadted. That if any Perfon (hall be furn- Witneffes net moned as a Witnefs to give Evidence before fuch Juftice or Juftices, attending.

% either on the Part of the Profecutor or the Perfon accufed, and (hall negledt or refufe to appear at the Time or Place to be for that Pur-pole appointed, without a reafonable Excufe for fuch his Negledl or Kefufal, to be allowed by fuch Juftice or Juftices, then fuch Perfon (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Tweuty Pounds, to Penalty, be levied and paid in fuch manner aud by fuch means as are directed for Recovery of other Penalties under this Act.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That the Juftice or Juftices be- Form of Co*h fore whom any Offender (hall be convidted as aforefaid, (hall caufe vi&ion,

the faid Convidtion to be made out in the Manner and Form following $ that k to (ay,

4 B^ lt renumbered, That on the	Day of

4	in	the	Year	of our Lord

4	A.	B.	having	appeared before me [or, us] one [or, more]

4 of His Majesty's Juftices of the Peace [as the cafe may he] for the 4 County, Riding, City or Place [<w the cafe may and due Proof 4 having been made upon Oath by One or more credible Witnefs or

• Witneffes,



Clerks of the Peace to give Copies.

Penalties how levied and

Form of Warrant of Diftrefi.

*	WitnefTes, or by Confeflion bf the Party [at the cafe may be] is eoo-

*	vifted of	LJfectfytng	Offence].	Given	under

•my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year

*	afore find.’

Which Conviftion the faid Juftice or Juflices (hall caufe to be returned to the then next General Quarter Seflions of the Peace of the County, Riding, City or Place where fuch Conviftion was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, to remain and be kept among the Records of fuch County, Riding, City or Place.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for any Clerk of the Peace for any County, Riding, City or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by any Perfon or Perfona for that Purpofe, to caufe a Copy or Copies of any Conviftion or Conviftions filed by hhn under the Direftwns of this Aft, to be forthwith delivered to fuch Perfon or Perfons, upon Payment of One Shilling for every fuch Copy.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby incurred and made payable upon any Conviftion againft this Aft, (hall be forthwith paid by the Perfon convifted as follows, one Moiety of the Forfeiture to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the^Poor of the Parifh or Place where the Offence (hall be committed; and in cafe fuch Perfon (hall refufe or negleft to pay the fame, or to give fufficient Security to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftice or Juflices to profecute any Appeal againft fuch Conviftion, fuch Juftice or Juflices (hall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, caufe the fame to be levied by Diftrefi and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and which faid Warrant of Diftrefi the faid Juftice or Juflices fhall caufe to be made out in the Manner apd Form following; that is to fay,

To the Conftable, Headborough or Tythingman of TXfHEREAS A. B. of	in the County of

is this Day convifted before me [or, us] one [or, more] of His Majefly’s Juflices of the Peace [*r the eafc may be] for the County of	[or, for the

Riding of the County of Tori,] [or, for the Town, Liberty or Diftrift of	at	the	cafe may be] upon the Oath of

or	a credible Witnefs or Witaefles

[or, by Confeflion of the Party, at the cafe may be] for that the laid A. B. hath [here fet forth the Offence] contrary to the Statute in that cafe made and provided, by reafon whereof the fiud A. B. hath forfeited the Sum of	to	be diftriboted as herein

is mentioned, which he hath refufed to pay ; thefe are therefore, in Hit Majefly’s Name, to command you to levy the faid Sum of by Diftrefs of the Goods and Chattels of him the faid A. B., and if within the Space of	Days next	after

fuch Diftrefs by you taken, the faid Sum, together with the reafon-able Charges of taking the fame, fhall not be paid, then that you do fell the faid Goods and Chattels fo by you aiftrained, and out of the Money anting by fuch Sale, that you do pay One Half of the faid Sum of	to	of

apformrd me [or, us, at the cafeflail be] of the faid Offence, and



52® GEO. in.

C.157.

Ml

the other Half of the faid Suth of	to	the	Overfeer

of the Poor of the Parifti, Townfliip or Place, where the Offence was committed, to be employed for the Benefit of fuch Poor, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the faid A. Bthe reafonable Charges of taking, keeping and felling the faid Diftrefs being firft deducted ; and if fufficient Diftrefs cannot be found of the Goods and Chattels of the faid A. B. whereon to levy the faid Sum of	that then you certify the fame to me

[or ns, as the cafe Jhatt he] together* with this Warrant. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, Hands and Seals] the Day of	in	the	Year	of	Our	Lord	/

IX.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for fuch Securities takes uftice or Juftices to order fuch Offender to be detained in fafe Cuf- for Appearance*, ady until Return may conveniently be had and made to fuch War-

ant of Diftrefs, unlefs the Party fo convi&ed fhall give fufficient Se-urity to the Satisfa&ion of fuch Juftice or Juftices, for his Ap-earance before the faid Juftice or Juftices on fuch Day as (hall be ppointed by the faid Juftice or Juftices for the Day of the Return f the (aid Warrant of Diftrefs, (fuch Day not exceeding Five Days *om the taking of fuch Security) which Security the faid Juftice or uftices is and are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance r otherwife.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That if upon fuch Return no fuffi- Offenders com~ ient Diftrefs can be had, then and in fuch cafe the faid Juftice or mitted for wane uftices (hall and may commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol Diftrefs.

r Houfe of Corre&ion of the County, Riding, Divifion or Place 'here the Offence (hall be committed, for the Space ofThree Calen-ar Months, unlefs the Money forfeited (hall be fooner paid, or niefs or until fuch Offender, thinking him or berfelf aggrieved by ich Conviction, (hall give Notice to tne Informer that he or (he in-mds to appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to he holden for the County, Riding r Place wherein the Offence (hall be committed, and (hall enter into Recognizance before fome Juftice or Juftices, with Two fufficient ureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and to abide the Order of nd pay fuch Cofls as (hall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch Quarter effions ; which Notice of Appeal, being not lefs than Eight Days efore the Trial thereof, fuch Perfon fo aggrieved is hereby em-owered to give; and the (aid Juftices at mch Seffions, upon due 'roof of fuch Notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering ito fuch Recognizance, (hall hear and finally determine the Caufes id Matters of fuch Appeal in a fummary way, and award fuch Cods > the Parties appealing or appealed againft, as they the faid Juftices tall think proper ; and the Determination of fuch Quarter Seffions tall be final, binding and conclufive to all Intents ana Purpofes.

XL And be it further ena&ed. That no Perfon (hall be difabled Parifhioner* om being a Witnefs in any ProfecutionTor any Offence againft this Wimefle*.

by reafon of his being an Inhabitant of the Parifti wherein fuch offence was committed.

XII.	Provided always. That no Proceedings to be had touching Convidkms net le Convi&ion or Convi&ions of any Offender or Offenders againft removed, lis A&, (hall be quaftied or vacated for want of Form, or be removed y Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Frocefs whatfoever, Gntmtru

into

Appeal.

v^.ooQle

>82

Limitation of A&ion*.

General I flue.

Treble Coftt.

|4 O. $190. §*■

0.157,158.	52°GEO.III.	A.D.1&H*

into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record ar WeJLminJltr or elfewherc.

XIII. And be it further ena&ed,That if any Action or Suit (hall be commenced againil any Perfoii or Perfous for any thing done or a&ed in purfuance of this A&, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Action or Suit (hall be commenced or prosecuted within Three Calendar Mouths after the Fad committed, and not afterwards ; and the Lme and every fuch Action or Suit (hall be brought wkhin the County where the Fad was commiticd, and not elfewbere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Action or Suit (hall and may plead the General [flue, and give this Ad and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuat ce and by the Authority of this Ad 5 and if the fame (hail appear to have been fo done, or ir any fuch Adion or Suit (hall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, or be brought or laid-in nny other Place than as aforementioned, then the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff* (hall become No.fuit, or difeontinue his, her or their Adion after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment (hall be given agninft tlic Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (hall and may recover Treble Cods, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other cafes by Law.

CAP. CLVIIL An AQ to extend the Provifions of an Aft parted in the Thirty fixtli Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, for the Relief of Perfons equitably entitled to Stocks and Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, and of an AGt parted in this prefent Seflion for the Relief of Infant Suitors entitled to die like Stocks and Annuities, to all other transferable Stocks and Funds.	[29th July i#n.]

*	\\T HERE AS by an A& paffed in the Thirty fixth Year of the

*	V v Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled jin Ad for the Rt-

*	lief of Perfons equitably and beneficially entitled to or mterefed in the 4 feveral Stocks and Annuities transferable at the Bank of England,

*	Provifion is made for the Transfer and Receipt of Dividends under 4 and by the Direction of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, 4 or of the Court of Exchequer, of and on Stocks and Annuhin 4 transferable at the Bank of England, (landing in the Name or

*	Names of any Perfon or Perfons who being Truftee or Truftee*, or

*	the legal perfonal Representative or Representatives of any fuch

*	Perfon or Perfons, (hall be abfent, out of the Jurifdi&ion, or not 4 amenable to the Procefs of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, 4 or who are Bankrupt or Bankrupts, Lunatic orLunatics, or who 4 (hall refufe to transfer the .Stock or Annuities legally veiled in him,

*	her or them, or to receive or pay over the Dividends of fuch Stock 4 or Annuities to the Perfon or Perfons beneficially entitled thereto, 4 or in cafe it is uncertain or unknown whether fuch Truftee or Tru£ 4 tees, Reprefentative or Reprefentative*, is or are living or dead j 4 and by the fame Afcl Provifion is made for the Transfer, under the 4 Dire&ion'of the Lord Chancellor, of Stocks and Annuities tranf-4 ferrable at the Bank of England, (landing in the Names of Perfons

4 declared

v^ooQle

i8tx



GEO. III.

C.158.

* *3

glared or adjudged Bankrupt in his, her or their own Right, and Receipt of the Dividends of fuch Stock and Annuities; and by § j,

:■ fame Ad Provifion is made for Transfer, under the like Direc-

n, of Stock and Annuities transferable at the Bank, (landing in

i Name or Names of a Lunatic or Lunatics in his, her or-their

n Right, or in the Name or Names of the Committee or Com-

ttees of his, her or their Eftate or Eftates, in Truft for the faid

matic or Lunatics, or as Part of his, her or their Property : And

lereas by an Ad pafled in this prefent Sefiion of Parliament, inti-

ed jin Ad for the Relief of Infant Suitors in Courts of Equity, 51 G. 3. c.31.

it led to Stock or Annuities in any of the Public or other Funds ^

\usferr able atthe Bank of England, it is enaded, that it (hall be vfnl for the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer to order and red. all or any Dividends due to any Infant or Infants, on any of e public or other Stocks, Funds or Annuities, transferrable in e Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Enfktnd, mdinpr in the Name or Names of fuch Infant or Infants, and to hich fuch Infant or Infants is or are beneficially entitled, to be lid for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Infant or Infants: And hereas it is expedient that the Operation of the laid Ads re-►e&ively (hould be extended to South Sea Stock, Eajl India Stock, id all other transferrable Stocks, Annuities and Funds;’ Beit reforc enaded by the King’s Moll Excellent Majesty, by and h the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the thority of the fame, That all and every the Provifions and Enad- Extended to its in the foid feveral Ads contained, in any ways relating to any South Sea, Eaft cks or Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, or trail I- ^dia able in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of 01 * toc“' fland, or to any Dividends on fuch Stocks or Annuities, (hall be med and conftrued to extend, and are hereby extended to South Stock, Eajl India Stock, and all other Stocks, Annuities and nds transferrable or to be made transferrable in the Books of the tih Sea Company, or in the Books of the United Company of rchanta of England trading to the Eajl Indies, or in the Books any other Company or Society eftablifhed or to be eftablilhed, and the Dividends payable thereon refpedively, as fully as if fuch eral Provifions and Enadments mutatis mutandis were here inferted Length.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That in all cafes in which Court of CHia* the faid firft recited Ad any Ad is dire&ed to be done by the eery to five ttoootant General, or the Secretary or Deputy Secretary for the neeeflkry Ordsn le being of the Governor and Company of the . Bank of England^ t lame Ads, fo far as they relate to South Sea Stock, Eajl India *ck, or any other Stocks or Annuities to which the Enadments 1 Provifions of the foid recited Ada are hereby extended, (hall be oe by fuch Perfons as (hall be appointed for that Purpofe by the «ral Order8 of the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, dr the Lord High Chancellor, under the Authority of which fuch' r' flU refpedively are to be done.

111.	And be it enaded, 'That this prefent Ad (hall be, and it Ads dons tinierJ ytbj declared to be, a full and complete Indemnity and Difcharge Ad not in*, the South Sea Company, the Eajl India Company, and all other ptachsd, jHnpanics and Societies, and their Officers and Servants, for all , jt Grto. III.	3 L	thinga



1*4

C.IJM59-

52° GEO. III.

A.D.1812.

things don6 or permitted to be done purfuant thereto* and that the fame (hall not be queftioned or impeached in any Court of Lav or Equity to their Prejudice or Detriment.

CAP. CLIX.

An Aft for charging Foreign Liquors and Tobacco derelict, Jetfam, Flotfam, Lagan or Wreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, with the Duties payable on Importation of fuch Liquors and Tobacco.	[29th	July	1812.]

4 \\ T HE RE AS Doubts have arifen whether Foreign Liquor*

*	W and Tobacco derelift, Jetfam, Hot fa in, Lagan or Wreck,

*	brought or comine into this Kingdom, are by the Laws now in

*	force fubjeft and liable to the Payment of Duties; and fuck

*	Foreign Liquors and Tobacco have by reafon of fuch Doubts ben

*	foretimes told and carried into Confumption without any Dutiff 4 having been paid for or in refpeft thereof, to the great Lofs of Ha 4 Maiefty’s Revenue, and Injury of Perfons dealing in fuch Liquor* 4 and Tobacco, for or in refpeft whereof the Duties have been pad 4 on Importation Be it therefore declared and enacted by tbf King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confer of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefer

Liquors tad	Parliament affcmblcdt and by the Authority of the fame, ThatiH

Tobacco dtrelict, fuch Liquors and Tobacco dereli6t, Jetfam, Flotfam, Lagan or *c. liable to	Wreck, brought or coming into this Kingdom, are and (hall be fib-

Pucks.	jeft and liable to the Payment of the fame Duties as Liquors wi

Tobacco of the like Kind regularly imported, are by any Lav oc Laws now in force fubjeft ana liable to, and (hall alfo be entitled to filch Drawbacks, and be ftibjeft to fuch Allowances and Abatement as Liquors and Tobacco of the like Kind regularly imported are e-titled and fubjeft to; aoy Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the couture not with Handing.

Regulations	IL And, for the better fecuring the Payment of the Duties spoi

obferved for fuch Liquors and Tobacco refpeftively, be it further enafted, Tba, ecuring Duties, from ana after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twel** , all and every Perfon and Perfons bringing into this Kingdom, or ending or difeovering on the Coafts of this Kingdom, wj Foreign Liquors or Tobacco derelift, Jetfam, Flotfam, Lagan or Wreck, for or in refpeft whereof any Duty of Cuftoms or Exbfoii by Law impofed, (hall, within Twenty four Hours next after he, for or they (hall have fo brought, found or difeovered fuch Liquors er Tobacco, if the fame be found on Land, or within Twenty four Hours next after the fame (hall have been landed, if the fame be food at Sea, give Notice thereof to the next Cuftom Houfe or Esaie Office, or to fome neighbouring Officer of Cuftoma or Excife, fpe cifymg the Place where fuch Liquors or Tobacco then lie or are depofited, and the proper Officers of Cuttoms and Excife (hall thereupon forthwith taice a particular Account of the Kinds and Quantities of fuch Liquors or Tobacco, and (hall demand of the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Pofleffion fuch Liquors or Tobacco may be, or who v	(hall	have	found	or	brought to land, the fame, the full Duties of Cuf- (

toms and Excife due in refpeft thereof; and in cafe fuch Duties doll not on fuch Demand be paid by fuch Perfon or Perfons, the faid Offi- 1 •er of Cuiloms or Eiccifc (hail caufe fuch Liquors or Tobacco to be \

'Mij



3. i8ia.

520 GEO. nr.

C.159.	J8j

v and fecurely lodged and depofited in a Warehoufe or Ware-es, to be kept in fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes under Hi* ffty’a Lock, until the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife payable for refpe<& thereof (hall be paid and fatisfied, or until fucji Liquors or acco (hall be fold in manner hereinafter mentioned; and if any bn or Perfons (hall, from and after the Fifth Day of July One fand eight hundred and twelve, bring into this Kingdom, or find ifcover on the Coatls of this Kingdom, any Foreign Liquors or acco dere)i&, Jetfam, Flotfam, Lagan or Wreck, for or in refpt& reof any Duty of Cuftoms or Excife is by Law impofed, and not give fuch Notice thereof as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon and ons (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Penalty, nds ; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall, from and after the Fifth of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, remove, open ter in Quantity or Quality, or caufe to be removed, opened or ed in Quantity or Quality, or aid or affift in the removing, opening Itering in Quantity any or Quality, any fuch Liquors or Tobacco, reak, fever or deftroy, or caufe to be broken, fevered or deftroyed, d or affill in the breaking, fevering or deftroying any of the s or Packages containing any fuch Liquors or Tobacco before Liquors or Tobacco (hall have been taken an Account of by proper Officers of Cuftoms and Excife as aforefaid, and before laid Liquors or Tobacco (hall be by them lodged and depofited Warehoufe or Warehoufes as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon and ons fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and all fuch Liquors and Tobacco Penalty. ?dively fo removed, opened or altered in Quantity or Quality, to-ter with the Calks and other Packages refpe&ively containing fame, (hall be forfeited, and the fame refpe&ively (hall and may lized by any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife : Provided iys, that if the Duties on fuch Liquors and Tobacco (hall not 3aid or difcharged within Eighteen Months next after the faid uors and Tobacco (hall be lodged and depofited in fuch Ware-fe or Warehoufes as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the Gommif-irs of Cuftoms or Excife, and they are hereby refpe&tively autho-1 and empowered to fell and difpofe of fuch Liquors or Tobacco ny Part thereof, for and towards the fatisfying the Duties payable dpctt of fuch Liquors and Tobacco, and -alfo the Cofts, Chargea Expences attending the conveying fuch Liquors and Tobacco to 1 Warehoufe or Warehoufes, and of the keeping and Sale of fuch uors and Tobacco, rendering the Overplus (if any) of the lies arifing by the faid Sale, after Payment of the faid Duties,

I?, Charges and Expcnccs, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be Law entitled to the fame ; and if upon fuch Liquors and Tobacco ig put up or offered to Sale, no Perfon or Perfons (hall offer or for the fame as much or more Money than the Duties payable in ed thereof, together with the Warehoufe Rent, Cofts, Charges Expences taken together would amount to, then and in fuch cafe lall be lawful for the faid Commiilioners of Cuftoms or Excife, they are hereby refpe&ively authorized and empowered to permit Perfon or Perfons by Law entitled to the fame, to expofe or to and difpofe thereof for Exportation only, fubje& to the ufual filiations in fuch cafes, or if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hould refufe Q do, then to fell and difpofe of fuch Liquors or Tobacco for Ex-

|8 6

Frorifo.

C. 159.

$1* GEO. III.

A.D.t8i2.

Goods retained in Cuftody of Owner for One Year, if Bond entered into lor Payment of Duties.

•drafting

Offices >.

Penalty.

Penalties fued tor under Cul-t»>ms, bow levied.

Penalties fued for under Excife kew levitd»

port at ion, or to deftroy the fame, as fuch Commiffioners refpe&irely may deem moft expedient: Provided alfo, that nothing hereinbefore contained (hall extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend to prevent any fuch Liquors or Tobacco as the faid Comraiffiooers may deem neceffary for that Purpofe being fold Duty free, for the Payment of the Salvage Expences incurred in refpeft thereof.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That the Lord cf the Manor on which fuch Liquors or Tobacco (hall be found, bating by Law juft Claim thereto, or where no fuch Lord of the Maac; (hall exift, then the Pcrfon or Perfons bringing into this Kingdom, or finding or difeovering on the Coafts thereof, any focb Foreign Liquor or Tobacco, (hall be at Liberty to retain the fame in his, ber or their own Cuftody or Poffeffion for the Space of One Year and One Day, to be computed and reckoned from fuch bringing, finding cr difeovering thereof, on bis, her or their entering into Bond to Kb Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, with Two furacient Sureties to be approved of by the proper Officer of Cuftoms or Excife in Treble the Value of fuch Liquors or Tobacco, as the cafe may require, for the due Payment of the Duties for or in refpeft thereof at theEsl and Expiration of fuch Year and Day, or in Default of fuch Pfcytret: toreftorc fuch Liquors and Tobacco at the End or Expiration of fuch Year and Day to the proper Officer or Officers of tne CuftoEi or Excife, in the fame State and Condition as the fame was or were; at the time of fuch bringing, finding or difeovering thereof; ay thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife m>twi& ftanding.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or PcH» whatsoever (hall aflault, refift, oppofe, moled, obftruft or hinder sr Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife in the due Executioc i this Aft, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby girei ar

f ranted to any fuch Officer or Officers, all and every fuch Perfon sr erfons fo offending fhall‘forfeit for each and every foch Offence & Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties and For-feitures created or impofed by this Aft, and which (hall be foed for or pmfecuted under or by virtue of the Order or Permiffion of the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms iu England and Scotland refpedirely, or by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, (hall and may befoei for, profecutcd, recovered and difpofed of, in fuch manner, and by fuch ways, means and methods as any Fines or Penalties incurred, or any Goods forfeited for any Offence againft the Laws of Coftow may now legally be fued for, profecuted, recovered and difpofed of; and the Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms concerned in any fori Seizures or Profecutions (hall be entitled to and receive fuch Shared the Produce arifing from the faid Seizures as they are now by L* entitled to upon Profccution of Seizures for unlawful Importance and to fuch Share of the Produce arifing from any fuch Penalty or Compofition paid for any Offence againft this Ad, as they are no* by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Profecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

VI. And be it further enafted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures , created and impofed, and which (hall be profecuted or fued for by Order of the Commiffioners of Excife in England or Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of Excife, (hall be fued for, reco-*	vend,



-l8l2.

52* geo. nr;

c.159,160.

W7

d, levied or mitigated, by fuch ways, means or methods as any » Penalty or Forfeiture may be filed for, recovered, levied or gated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by A&ion of Debt,

Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record 'Sejlminftery or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedively 5 that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture fhall

0	His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety im, her ok them who fhall inform, difcpver or fue for the fame.

CAP. CLX..

A£t to enable Juftices of the Peace to order Parochial Re-tef to Prifoners confined under Mefne Procefs for Debt in uch Gaols as are not County Gaols. [29th July 1812.] iTTHEREAS great Diftrefs is fuffered by poor Perfons con-▼ V fined under Mefne Procefs for Debt in fuch Gaols as are ot County Gaols, in confequence of their not receiving any Al-iwance whereon to fubfift during the time of fuch Confinement :* y it therefote plcafe Your Majesty that it may be enadled; and be na&od by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ivice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-ns, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of • fame. That it fhall be lawf ul for any One Juftice of the Peace Juftice to order ingforthe County, Riding or Divifion wherein any Gaol (which Parochial Relief iota County Gaol) is fituated, to order the Overfeers of the Poor Debtors in the Parifti, Townfliip or Place wherein any fuch Gaol (which is c^^nty°GioU. t a County Gaol) fhall be fituated, to relieve any poor Perfon who y ill be. counned in fuch Gaol under Mefne Procefs for Debt, and to (hall appear to fuch Juftice to be unable to fupport himfelf or her* f, and who fhall have applied for Relief to fuch Overfeers as afore-d#

II.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the Sum to Sum limited, given for the Relief of any fuch poor Perfon fhall not exceed Six

nee per Diem, during the time ^of his or her Confinement in fuch aol under Mefne Procefs for Debt.

III.	And be it further ena£ted, That the Overfeers of the Poor of LegslSettle-

y fuch Parifh, Townfhip or Place to whom any fuch Application mtntof Debtor r Relief fhall be made as aforefaid, if they fhall doubt whether fuch afeertained.

>or Perfon is legally fettled in fuch Parifh, Townfhip or Place, fhall .ufe him or her to be examined upon Oath before One or more iftice or Juftices of the Peace, touching his or her laft legal Settle-ent, upon which Examination it fhall be lawful for Juftices to make

1	Order for the Removal of fuch poor Perfon to the Place of his

ft legal Settlement, and to fufpend the Execution of fuch Order of Order of Re-

.emoval during the time of fuch Perfon being confined in fuch Gaol moval fufpended

uder fuch Mefne Procefs, which Sufpenfion of the fame fhall be in-

3rfed on the faid Order, and figned by fuch Juflice3, and the fub-	9

quent Pemuffion to execute the fame fhall be alfo indorfed on the

tid Order, and figned by fuch Juftices, or by any other Two Juftice^

f the Peace a&iug for the fame County, Riding or Divifion.

IV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That a Copy of the Order Served on Over-

f Removal, and of the Order for fufpending the Execution of the	*>0GIP

ime as aforefaid, fhall, as foon as may be after the making thereof

tfpettivcly, be ferved upon the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh,

3 L 3	Townlhip

VjOOQ 1C

188

Overfeers to ropy Kxpence attending Pauper.

In cafe of Re-fufal, Money advanced levied by Diltrelc.

Appeal

Appeal

C.i6o.

SV GEO. III.

A.D.1S12.

Townfhip or Place in which fuch poor Ptrrfon fhaD by fuch Order of Removal be adjudged to be legally fettled.

V.	And be it further ena&cd, That although fuch poor PeHba (hall not have been a&ually removed in purfuance of fuen OrdeT of Removal as aforefaid,it (hall be lawful for any Juflice of the Peace to dire& the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh, Townfhip or Place ia which fuch Pauper is adjudged to be fettled, to repay to the Over-feers of the Poor of the Parifh, Townfhip or Place wherein fuch Gaol (hall be fituated, all the Charges proved upon Oath of alt fuch Overfeers of the Parilh, Townfhip or Place where the Gaol fituated, to have been incurred in granting Relief to fuch Pauper <h> ring the time of his Confinement and the Sufpenfion of fuch Order, not exceeding Six pence per Diem ; and if the Overfeers of the Parift, Townfhip or Place to which fuch Order of Removal (hall be made, or any or either of them, (hall refufe or negleft to pay any fuch Sam fo advanced as aforefaid within Twenty one days after Demaad thereof, and (hall not within the fame time give Notice of Appeal is hereinafter mentioned, it (hall be lawful for One Juflice of the Peace, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe the Money fo dire&ed to be paid as aforefaid to be levied by Diflrefs and Sale of tie Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo refuting or neglediag to pay the fame, and alfo fuch Coils attending the fame, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as fuch Juflicc (hall direfl; and if the Parifh,Towc-(hip or Place to which the Removal was ordered to be made, be without the Jurifdidtion of the Juflice of Peace ifiuing the Warn®, then fuch Warrant (hall be tranfmitted to any Juflice of the Peace Laving Jurifdiftion within fuch Parifii, Townfhip or Place as aforefaid, who upon Receipt thereof is hereby authorized and required to »<kxie the fame for Execution : Provided ncverthelefs, that if the Sum fo ordered to be paid on account of fuch Cods and Charges exceed the Sua of Five Pounds, the Party or Parties aggrieved by fach Order may appeal to the next General Quarter Semens for the County, Ridhg or Diviiion in which fuch Gaol is fituated, againfl the fame, as they may do againfl an Order for the Removal of poor Perfons by any Law now in being; and if the Court of Quarter Seffions (hall be of Opmaoa that the Sum fo awarded be more than of Right ought to have bee dire&ed to be paid, fuch Court may and is hereby dire&ed to fbike out the Sum contained in the faid Order, and infert the Sum which in the Judgment of the faid Court ought to be paid, and in every fuch cafe the faid Court of Quarter Seffions (hall direct that tbe faid Order fo amended (hall be carried into Execution by the faid Juflice* by whom the Order was originally made, or either of them, by fuch other Juflice or Juftices as the faid Court (hall diredl.

VI.	Provided alwaysand be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be law-ful for the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh, Townfhip or Pbcr wherein fuch poor Perfon (hall, by fuch Order of Removal, be adjudged to be legally fettled, to appeal againfl fuch Order to the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the County, Riding or Di-vifion in which fuch Gaol is fituated, holden after the Service of the Copy of fuch Order of Removal, in cafe fuch Copy (hall have been ferved upon fuch Overfeers Twenty one Days before the holding of fuch Quarter Seffions, but in cafe the fame fhall not be fenred Twenty one Days before the holding of fuch next General Quarter Sc fiions, then the Appeal may be to the next fucc^edirg General

Quarts

CjOOQiC

C. k5o, t6t.

52° GEO. in.

»«*

irter Seifions holden for the faid County, Riding or Diviiion, and n fuch Appeal the like Proceedings may be had as are obfenred in kr cafes of Appeals againft Orders of Removal of poor Perfons by L.aw now in being : Provided always, that in cafe fuch Order of Pwiftn noval and Sufpenfion is not appealed againft in manner aforefaid,

7 upon Appeal fuch Order (hall be confirmed, fuch poor Perfon be deemed and taken to be legally fettled in the Parifh, Town-or Place in which he (hall by fuch Order of Removal be adjudged •e legally fettled.

II.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe any poor Perfon ap- In cafe Pauptr n<g for Relief under the Provifions of this Adfc (hall, upon his no l«g»l Settle* mination as to his laft legal Settlement, be found not to be legally ed in any Pari(h, Townlhip or Place within England and IVaUs9	out

all be lawful for any One Juftice of the Peace to order the Over- ©f County Rats, s of the Poor of the Pari(h, Town(hip or Place wherein the Gaol tuated (in which fuch poor Perfon (nail be confined under Mefne cefs for Debt) to relieve fuch poor Perfon with a Sum not ex-iing Six pence per Diem out of the Funds in their Hands appli-le to the Relief of the Poor, which Sum (hall be re-imburfed to Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Pari(h, Townlhip or Place, for Ufe of fuch Funds, out of the County Rate, by the Treafurer the County, Riding or Divifion in which fuch Parifh, Town (hip >lace (hall be (ituated, at the Expiration of the Confinement of h poor Perfon upon fuch Mefne Procefs as afprcfaid.

CAP. CLXL 1 Adt for enabling His Majeftv to grant Leafes under certain Circum (lances, and for the better carrying into Eficdt the Provifions of an Adi palled in the Thirty ninth and Fortinjh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, touching *

Formation of a Map of the New Foreft in the Countj ^ Southampton, and continuing and extending other Provilio of the laid Adi; for further appropriating the Monies arifen or to arife from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under the Authority of divers Adis of Parliament; for annexing certain Lands within the Foreft of Rockingham to His Majesty’s Manor of King’s Clffe; and for enabling the Commiffioners of the Treafury to appropriate fmall Portions of Land for Ecclefiaflical Purpofes.	[29th July 1812.]

f TjTHEREAS an Aft was made in the Thirty fourth Year of VY the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad for the $40.3.0.75. 'etter Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, reciting and repeal-ng a Provifo contained in an Adi, made in the Firft Year of the leign of Queen Anne, intituled An Ad for the better Support of Her Majesty* s Houfehold, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, b far as the' fame was contrary to any of the Provifions of the aid Adi of the Thirty fourth Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign s A.nd whereas by an Adi palled in the Forty eighth Year of- the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to improve fhe Land 48 G.3.C. 73. Revenue of the Crown of England, and alfo of His Majefiy*s Duchy of Lancafter, it was enadled, that where any Land or Ground 3 L 4	\ belonging



jf

*9*

C.i6r.

52* GEO. HI.

A.D.1&12.



*	belonging or thereafter to belong to His Majesty, his Heirs or

*	Succeflors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, or € of the Duchy of Lane aft er> (hall be deemed by the Lord High 4 Treafurer or the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancafier for the time 4 being, fit and proper for Gardens, Yards, Curtilages and other Ap-

*	purtenanccs to be ufed and enjoyed with any Houfe or Houfcs or

*	Buildings ereded or to be ereded upon Ground belonging either

*	to His Majefly, his Heirs or Succeflors, or to any other Pro*

*	prietors, it mould be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs or Succef-4 tors, to demife or grant fuch Land or Ground to any Perfon or

*	Perfon*, or to any Bodies Politic or Corporate, under the Great 4 Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Exchequer, or the Seal

*	of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancajlery for any Term or 4 Eftate not exceeding Ninety nine Years, to be computed from the 4 Date or making any fuch Leafe or Grant refpedively; or if any 4 fuch Leafe or Grant be made to take Effed in Reverfion or Ex-4 pedancy, that the Term and Eftate thereby to be granted, togt-

*	thcr with the Term or Eftate, Terms or Eftatcs iii PofTefliota* 4 and in the fame Lands and Grounds (hould not exceed Ninety n*ae

*	Years, computed from the Date or making thereof as aforefaid;

*	and it Was thereby further enaded, that no Land or Ground for 4 Garden, Yard, Curtilage or other Appurtenances to be ufed aad 4 enjoyed with any Houfes or Buildings nolden or to be holdea uoda 4 any Leafe from His Majesty, or His Royal Predeceffors, (hould be 4 granted or demifed for any Term or Eftate exceeding in Duratica 4 the Term or Eftate for which the Houfes or Buildiugs to which

*	fuch Land or Ground (hould be fo attached as Garden, Yard,

*	Curtilage or other Appurtenances (hould be holden : And wherm 4 it would tend much to the Improvement of the Revenues belonging 4 to His Majesty in Right of His faid Duchy of LancaJUr, if the 4 Power of granting Leafes for the Ere&ion, repairing or rebuilding 4 of Houfes and other Buildings, on Lands within the Surrey of tbe

*	faid Duchy, and of Gardens, Curtilages and Appurtenances to he 4 ufed therewith, were enlarged, and ifthe Provifious in the faid it-

*	cited Ad of the Thirty fourth Year of His prefent Majesty wert 4 extended to Leafes granted under the Seals of the Duchy and 4 County Palatine of Lancajler ;9 Be it therefore cnaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and xvith the Advice and Coo* fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thu prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Provifo in the faid Ad of the Firft Year of

auecn jinne contained, fo far as the fame is contrary to any of mmj e Provifions of this Ad, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed; Ipafe Lands for and that when any Land or Ground belonging or hereafter to belor.g to His Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Chancellor and Council of His Majesty’s Duchy cf Lancajler for the time being, fit and proper for the Eredion of Houfes or Other Buildings thereupon, or for the neceffary Garden*, Yards, Curtilages and other Appurtenances to be ufed and enjoyed therewith, and (nail b£ by their Order direded to be referred or fet apart and appropriated to that Ufe ; or w'here the Leflee or Grantee, Leflees or Grantees (hall agree and covenant to ered Buildings thereon of greater Yearly V«Jue than the Land or Ground fo to be Jcafed pr granted$ or where the grealeft Part of the Yearly Value of

any

t Ann. Star x.

c.7* $6-repealed.

building on.



A.D.i8ia

C. 161

5 2° GEO. in.

i9t

any Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors as aforefaid, doth or (hall at the time of making any Leafe or Grant thereof confift of any Building or Buildings thereupon ; in all and every or any of fuch cafes it (hall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, to demife or grant the Land or Ground fo directed to be fet apart as aforefaid, or the Tenements or Hereditaments of the Defcription laft aforefaid refpe&ively, to aay Perfon or Perfons, or to any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, under the Seal or Seals of the faid Duchy and County Palatine of Lancajler, for any Term or Eftate, fo as fuch Term or Eftate do not exceed Ninety nine Years or Three Lives, to be computed from the Date or making of any fuch Leafe or Grant refpe&ively ; or if any fuch Leafe or Grant be made to take Effect in Reverfion or Expectancy, then that the Term and Eftate thereby to be granted, together with the Term Or Eftate, Terms or Eftates in Pofleflion of and in the fame Land and Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments refpeCtively, (hall not exceed Ninety nine Years or Three Lives, computed from the Date or making thereof as aforefaid, and fo as tho refpeCtive Rents hereinafter fpecified or referved for the fame $ that is to fay, where there (ball happen to be any fubftantial Building o» Buildings upon the Ground to be demifed, or that the Building or Buildings thereupon (hall not require or not be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, there (hall be refeived to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, an annual Rent or Rents, not being lefs than Two Third Parts of fuch annual Sum as (hall be deemed by the Chancellor and Council of the faid Duchy for the time being, a reafonable Rent or Confideration for fuch Building or Buildings and Ground refpec-tively, for the Term and Eftate intended to be granted of and in the fame, and fo as there be paid to the Ufe of His M * A « • -

Part of fuch annual Sum as aforefaid, fubje& to a (hall not be computed at a higher Rate than the higheft legal Intereft at the time of making any fuch Grant or Lean*; and when there (hall happen to be no lubftantial Building upon the Land or Ground to be demifed, or that the Building or Buildings thereupon required or (hould be intended and agreed to be forthwith rebuilt, or other new Buildings to be ere&ed upon fuch Land or Ground, then and in that cafe there (hall be referved fuch annual Rent or Rents as (hall be deemed by the Chancellor and Council of the faid Duchy for the time being, to be a reafonable Rent or Confideration for fuch Land and Ground and old Buildings refpc&ively for the Term and Eftate intended to be granted of and in the fame, without taking any Fine for the fame, and fo as in every Leafe or Grant of Land or Ground and Buildings of the Defcription laft aforefaid, there be contained a Covenant or Condition, on the Part of the LefTee or Grantee, for the erecting of proper and fubftantial Houfes or other Buildings thereon, within a reafonable time to be in fuch cafes limited for that Purpofe, and fuch other Covenants for keeping Buildings in Repair, and doing all fuch other A6ts as the Chancellor and Council of the faid Duchy of Lancajler for the time being (hall think reafonable, and fo as all and every fuch Rent and Rents be referved to be paid free and clear of all manner of Taxes and Afleflments whatfoever, for and during the whole of the Term or Terms to be granted or demifed, except fuel* Rent or fuch. Part thereof, during fuch Part of fuch Term o^

and Succeflors, a Fine or Fines to the Amount

Termi



Google

C.i6i.

A.D.1811.



52s GEO. III.

Terms as the Chancellor and Council of the faid Duchy of Lsncajler for the time being fhaliin arty cafe, think fit and expedient to be allowed, not exceeding in any cafe the Term of Three Years, and fo as every fuch Grantee or Leffee, Grantees or LefTees, (hall and do duly fign, feal and deliver a Counterpart or Counterparts of his, her or their refpe&ive Grant or Leafe, Grants or Lcafes ; and that all and every fuch Grants and Leafes fo made as aforefaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&, fhall be good, valid aud effectual in the Law ; any thing contained in the faid A€t of the Fir! Year of Queen Annc> or any other A&, to the contrary uotwith-ftanding.

48	G. 3. c. 73.	4 II. And whereas by tlie faid recited A& of the Forty eighth

4 Year of His prefent Majesty, it was enabled. That whenever it

*	fhould appear to the faid Chancellor and Council of the faid Duchy, 4 that it won Id be to the Advantage of the Land Revenue of theCrow* 4 to exchange any Parcel or Parcels of Land belonging to His

*	Majefty, his Heirs' or Succeffors, for Land of equal or nearly equal 4 Value, belonging to any other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or 4 Corporate, and Tuch other Perfon or Perfons, or Bodies, fhould

*	confent to fuch Exchange, it fhould be lawful for the Surveyor 4 General of the faid Duchy to caufc the Value as well of the laid 4 Parcel or Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs or 4 Succeffors, as of the faid Parcel or Parcels of Land propofed to be 4 exchanged for fuch Land of His Majclly, to beafeertained by (owe 4 able and pra&ical Surveyor of Laud, who fhould annex to his 4 Survey, Eftimatc or Valuation thereof, when completed, an Oath (or, 4 being of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation) taken and

*	fubferibed by him before any Juft ice of the Peace or Magiftrate of

*	the United Kingdom, who is refpeftively thereby authorized to 4 adminifter an Oath or Affirmation in that Behalf, according to the 4 Tenor and Effe& therein mentioned, which Oath and Affirmatio* 4 fo taken and fubferibed fhould be filed with the Survey and Eiliraate 4 in the Office of the Clerk of the Council of the faid Duchy ; aod 4 the faid Surveyor General of the faid Duchy fhould report to the 4 Chancellor and Council of the faid Duchy, the Grounds of his Re-4 commendation of the propofed Exchange, together with the faid 4 Valuation of the refpc6tive Parcels of Land ; and if the Chancellor 4 and Council of the laid Duchy fhould, upon due Confederation had, 4 approve of fuch Exchange taking place, they fhould authorize the 4 proper Officers of the faid Duchy to carry the fame into Effect,

4 upon fuch Terms aud Conditions as they fhould think fit, provided 4 the fame fhould be affented to by the Perfon or Perfons, or Body,

4 with whom fuch Exchange is propofed to be made, and the faid 4 Chancellor fhould thereupon caufe the faid Parcel of Land be-

4 longing to His Majesty to be conveyed to the fa»d Perfon or Per-

•	fous or Bodies refpe&ively, with whom the faid Exchange was 4 propofed to be made ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons, or Body, fhould 4 at the fame time convey to the faid Chancellor and Council, ia 4 Truft for and on the Behalf of His faid Majesty, his Heirs and 4 Succeffors, in Right of his faid Duchy, the faid Parcel or Parcels

#	of Land fo agreed to be given in Exchange for fuch Parcel or Par-4 cels of Land as aforefaid ; and from and immediately after the 4 Completion of fuch Exchange, the faid Parcels of Land fo belong.

4 ing to His Majesty, and given in Exchange as aforefaid, fhcmld veil

g	4	*



A;D. l8ll.

C.i 61

$z° GEO. HI.

*91

*	in the Perfon or Perfons, or Body, to whom the fame was conveyed,

*	for the fame Eftate or Intereft, and as fully and effe&ually as the

*	faid Parcels of Land fo given in Exchange did before fqch £x-

*	change ; and the faid Parcels of Land fo conveyed in Exchange to € His Majesty, (hould veft in His Majesty, his Heirs and Succelfors,

4 in Right of his Duchy as fully and effe&ually, and be fubje& to the 4 fame Application, as the faid Parcels of Land fo conveyed in Ex-

*	change to fuch Perfon or Perfons, or Body, was veiled in him before

*	fuch Exchange : And whereas Doubts have arifen with refpe& to 4 the Form of the Conveyance in cafes of Exchange, empowered 4 by the faid recited A& of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of

4 His prefent MajestyBe it ena&ed, That whenever it fhall appear I^bts ,n Form to the Chancellor and Council of the faid Duchy, that fuch Ex* ,°n cafeTof Ex^' change can be carried into EfFe& with Advantage to His Majeily, changes of his Heirs and Succeflors, according to the Regulations dire&ed by Land within Or-the faid , it fhall be lawful for the faid Chancellor and Council, dering and Su*-and they are hereby empowered to grant and convey to the faid Per- vey retuovcd* fon or Perfons, or Bodies, refpe&ivdy, with whom the faid Exchange is propofcd to be made, any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments,

Parcel of the faid Duchy or County Palatine, in the Name of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succelfors, under the Seal or Seals of the faid Duchy or County Palatine; and fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies, (hall at the fame time convey to the faid Chancellor and Council, in Trull for and on the Behalf of His Majeily, his Heirs and Sucoeftors, in Right of his faid Duchy or County Palatine, the faid Parcel or Parcels of Land fo agreed to be given in Exchange as afore-faid ; and from and immediately after the Completion of fuch Exchange, the Lid Parcels of Land fo belonging to His Majeily, and

fiven in Exchange as aforefaid, fhall veil in the Perfon or Perfons, or lody, to whom the fame is conveyed, for the fame Eftate or Intereft, and as fully and effeflually as the laid Parcel of Land fo given in Exchange did before fuch Exchange ; and the faid Parcels of Land fo conveyed in Exchange to His Majesty, {hall veft in His Majesty, his Heirs and Succelfors, in Right of his faid Duchy and County Palatine, as fully and effe&ually, and be fubjeft to the lame Application as the faid Parcels of Land fo conveyed in Exchange to fuch Perfon or Perfons, or Body, was veiled in him before fuch Exchange ; any thing in the faid A6t or any other A& or A6ts contained to the contrary notwithftandmg.

4 III. And whereas by the faid recited A& of the Forty eighth 48G.3.c.

4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty it was enabled, That it § *•

* Ibould be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, to dc-* mife or grant any Land or Ground belonging to His Majesty, hia 4 Heirs and Succelfors, within the Ordering or Survey of the Exche-4 quer and of the Duchy of Laneaflery which Ihould be deemed fit and 4 proper for Gardens, Yards, Curtilages and other Appurtenances,

4 to be ufed and enjoyed with any Houfe or Houfcs or Buildings 4 ere&ed or to be ere&ed upon Ground belonging either to His 4 Majesty, his Heirs or Succelfors, or to any other Proprietor, for 4 any Term or Eftate not exceeding Ninety nine Years, to be com-4 puted from the Date or making fuch Leafe or Grant refpedlively u 4 .And whereas it is expedient that the faid Power fiiould be extended 4 fo as to enable His Majesty, his Heirs or Succelfors, to demife or 4 grant for a like Term or Eftate, any Land or Ground which (hall

4 be



C. t6t. .

A.D.i3ij.

Sy4

HU Majesty may demife Lands for hardens, Arc.

3f&40 G. > c* 86.

ft *9*

5« G. 3* c. Ii6.

ft*.

$t G. 3. c. 94.

5a9 GEO. m.

*	be deemed fit and proper to be ufed or appropriated for any other

*	Purpofes calculated to afford Accommodation or Convenience to

*	the Inhabitants or Occupiers of any fuch Houfe or Houfes, or

*	Buildings, although the fame may not be demifed with or attached

*	to any fuch Houfe or Houfes or Buildings, or let as fora Garden,

‘ Yard or Curtilage thereto Be it therefore further cna&ed, That where any Land or Ground belonging or hereafter to belong to His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, within the Ordering or Survey afore-faid, (hall be deemed by the Lord High Treafurcr or Commiflionro of the Treafury, or the Chancellor of the Duchy of Laneajler for the time being, fit and proper to be let or ufed for or appropriated to any Purpofe calculated to afford Convenience or Accommodation to the Occupiers or Inhabitants of any Houfe or Houfes eredfed or to be eredted upon Ground belonging either to His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, or to any other Proprietor or Proprietors, it (hall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs or SuccefTors, to demife or gnat fuch Land or Ground to any Perfon or Perfons, or to any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Exchequer, or the Seal of the Duchy and County Palatine of Laneajler, for any Term or Eitate not exceeding Ninety nine Years, to be computed from the Date or making thereof, with all fuch Powers, Privileges and Authorities as may bethought fit and requifite for the effe&ing or promoting the Objcdl and Intent of fuch Demife or Grant, fo as there be referred upon every fuch Demife cr Grant fuch annual Rent or Rents as (hall be deemed by the Lord High Treafurer, or the Lords Commiflioners of His Majesty** Trea-fury, or the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancafler for the time being, a reafonable Confideration for every fuch Demife or Grant, without taking any Fine for the fame.

* IV. And whereas by an A& paffed in the Parliament holden it the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His prefent Majesty, intituled An AQ for the better Prefervation of Timber in the NewForeji is the County of Southampton, and for afeertaining the Boundaries of the faid Forefl, and of the Lands of the Crown within the fame, a Power was given to the Commiftioners of the Treafury, for Ten Years, from and after the palling of that Ad, to contradl for the Exchange of any of the Wafte Lands, lying in the New Foreft belonging to the Crown, in the manner therein mentioned, for any other Lands lying in the fame Foreft belonging to Individuals, cf the Nature, Situation and Defcription, in the faid Adi particularly fpecified : And whereas the Power granted to His Majesty by the laid Adi to contradl: for Exchanges, was continued by an Adi, paffed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 to extend and amend the Term and Prow foci of an A3 of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Tears of Bis prefnt Majefly f,r the better Prefervation of Timber in the New For ft in the County of Southampton, and for afeertaining the Boundaries of the faid Forefl, and of the Lands of the Crown within the fame, until the Twenty eighth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eleven; which faid laft mentioned A€t was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, by an Adi paffed in the laft Seiiion of Parliament; and it is expedient to continue and enlarge fuch Permiffion, and alfo to permit the Exchange and Sale of Property of the Nature and Situation therein and

1 herein



A.D. tSi2.

C. 161.

$1° GEO. Ill/

*95

• herein defcribed, in all the Forefts belonging to His faid Majesty ;*

Be it therefore enabled, That, from and after the palling of this All, it Treafury may fhall be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or the Lords Commif-oners of His Majcfty’s Treafury for the time being, to authorize the Woo<jj &c. t# Commiflioners of His Majesty’s Woods, Forells and Land Revenues, contract (or ex-or the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forefts for the changing Land* time being, on the Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors, to grant or contrail to grant to any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, any of the Walle or other Lands of the Crown within any of the faid Forefts, in Exchange for any other Lands in or adjoining to the fame Foreft rcfpcllively, whereof fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, fhall or may be feized in Fee Simple or ab-folutely entitled to an Eftateof Copyhold or Cuflomary or Leafehold Tenure, the Reverlion thereof being in the Crown, and being fit and proper for the Growth of Timber, and conveniently fituated for that Purpofe ; and that all and* every Exchange and Exchanges fo made (hall be good, valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purpofe* whatsoever ; any Infancy, Coverture or other Difability in the Parties interefted in fuch Exchange, or any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding; provided the Value of each Piece Provif* of Land fo to be exchanged does not exceed One thoufand Pounds, and that all fuch Exchange of Freehold Premifes fhall be made according to the Form marked (A.) and fet forth in the Schedule hereto annexed, and that all fuch Exchange of Leafehold Premifes (hall be made according to the Form marked (B.) alfo fet forth in the faid Schedule, or as near thereto as may be.

* V. And whereas there are in various Parts of the feveral Royal

*	Forefts, fundry Parcels of Land belonging to the Crown, which are 4 wholly or hi Part furrounded by or intermixed with or contiguous 4 and adjoining to other Lands, the Property of fome of His Majesty’s 4 Subjects, and which faid Foreft Lands are of little or no Value to 4 the Crown for the Growth of Timber, either by Inclofureand Plant -

*	ing, or otherwife, and it may conduce to the more eafy Care of the 4 Rights of the Crown within the faid Forefts, as well as to the Con-

*	venience of His Majesty’s Subjells, if a Power fhould be given to 4 the Lord High Treafurer, or to the Lords Commiflioners of His 4 Majesty’s Treafury for the time being, to authorize the Sale of fmall

4 Parcels of Foreft Land ;’ Be it therefore ena&ed, That, from and Treafury toalfe* after the palling of this Adi, if it (hall appear to the Lord High nate l,naU Treafurer, or to the Lords Commiflioners of His Majcfty’s Treafury for the time being, upon the Report of the Commiflioners of His Lands of Indi-Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or upon the Report of viduaU. the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forefts for the time being, that any fmall Parcel or Parcels of Land within any of the Royal Forefts belonging to the Crown are intermixed with, adjoin or are contiguous or convenient to, or lurrounded by the Lands of Individuals, and is or are of little or no Value to the Crown for the Growth of Timber, either by Inclofure and Planting or otherwife ; it (hall be lawful for the faid Lord High Treafurer, or the faid Lords Commiflioners of His Majesty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more or them, to authorize the faid Commiflioners of His Majesty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majelly’s Woods and Forefts for the time being, to contrail and agree, ou the Behalf of His faid Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

ceffors,



C.x6i.

A.D. 1S12.

•52* GEO. in.

cefiors, with the Perfon or Pcrfont wbofe Lands (ball be intermixed with, or (hall adjoin to, or be contiguous or convenient to, or fur-rounded by fuch Parcel or Parcels of Land fo fituated as aforefaid for the Sale thereof, and to make good and efie&ual Conveyance thereof, for fuch Price or Prices as fhall be certified to the faid Commif-fioners of the Treafury by the faid Commiflioners of His Majesty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or by the faid Surveyor General of Woods and Forefts, to be juft and reafonable ; fuch Price in do cafe to be under the Value fet upon fuch Land by the Surveyor to be employed to value the fame in the manner hereinafter provided, and the fame to be paid into the Hands of the faid laft mentioned Cotn-miffioners, or into the Hands of the faid Surveyor General for the time being, and to be by them or him accounted for in manner hereinafter Provifo.	fpccified: Provided always, that the Lands of the Crown to be fo fold

and difpofed of fhall not exceed in Value in any Inftance the Sum of One thoufand Pounds 5 and the Conveyance or Conveyances of fuch Parcel or Parcels of Land fo to be fold and difpofed of, be according to the Form marked with the Letter (C.) fet forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as may be.

Land exchanged VI. Provided always and be it further ena&ed, That in order to or fold furveyed fecure a true and juft Price to be fet on the Land of the Crown, and by practical	on that of Individuals to be given in Exchange, and alfo on the Land

Surveyor*.	of	Crown to be fold by virtue of this A&, the fame in every

Inftance fhall be valued by an able and pra&ical Surveyor of Land, to be appointed by the Commiflioners of Hit Majesty’s Woods, Fo-fefts and Land Revenues, or by the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forefts for the time being, on Behalf of His Majefly ; and the Land Surveyor fo appointed for making fuch Valuation fhall certify, by his Report in Writing under his Hand, what is in his Judgment the true and fair Worth and Value of the Lands and Prcmiks fo by him furveyed and valued, clear of all Taxes, AfTefTtnents and Reprizes whatever; and fhall alfo annex to fuch Survey or Eftimate or Valuation, an Oath or (being one of the People called Quakers) an Affirmation, taken and fubferibed by him before any One of the faid laft-mcntioucd Commiflioners, or before fuefc faid Surveyor General, or before any One of His Majesty’s Juftices of the Peace in and for the County wherein any fuch Land propofed to be exchanged or fold (hall be, which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby rcfpec-tively authorized to adminifter, and which Oath or Affirmation fhall be iii the Form following; that is to fay,

Oaih.	€ J A' d° fwear [or, being a Quaker, do folcmnly affirm] Thtt

* the Survey or Account hereto annexed was faithfully and impartially made by me 5 that the Value of the Property of the

*	Crown, and of C. D. therein contained, is jullly eftimated therein € according to the beft of my Skill and Judgment; aod that all the

*	Particulars ftated in the faid Survey are true to the beft of my

*	Knowledge and Belief.’ ^

Which Oath or Affirmation fo taken and fubferibed (hall be filed, with the Survey and Eftimate, in the proper Office for depofiting the fame.

1 VII. And whereas there are in divers of His Majesty’s Fottfts

*	Quarries of Freeftonc, Limeftone, Slate and other Stone, and Strati

*	or Veins of Coal and Iron Ore, and of Marl, the Produce of which

‘ *•



,.D.i8x2.

C. \6u

*97

ST GEO. III.

is of great Value, but by reafon of the Steepnefs of the Ground in fome Places, and the Wetncfs or Depth of the Soil in others, the Accefa to the fame is in many Inftances at all times difficult and often impracticable: And whereas it would in many cafes greatly facilitate the getting and carrying away of the faid Freeftone, Lime-Hone, and other Stones, Slate, Coal, Iron Ore and Marl, if Per-mifiion were given to eredt Fire or Steam Engines for railing the fame, and the Water collecting in the Pits where they are got, and to form Rail or Tram Roads and Inclined Planes for carrying away the faid Freeftone, Limeftone and other Stone, Slate, Coal, Iron Ore and Marl; and many Individuals might be willing to make fuch Railways or Tram Roads and Inclined Planes, or to eredt fuch Fire or Steam Engines, if they (hould obtain Leave for that Purpofe ;9 »e it therefore enadted, That, from and after the palling of this Adt, Treafury enw •benever Application fhall be made by any Perfon to the faid Com- P°H’ered liffioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or to 1 makinfi he faid Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forefts for to Quarries5* *c* he time being, for Leave to make any Railway, Tram Road or In- in Fortft* ;* and lined Plane, or to build or eredt any Fire or Steam Engine as afore- Commifiioners lid, and it fhall appear to the faid Commifiioners, or to the faid Sur- Wood*, &c. eyor General, that it would be for the Advantage of the Public, and or Slrrv5^r ^e" ot detrimental to the Interefts of the Crown, that fuch Railway, Tram ^c*to°grant ** toad or Inclined Plane Ihould be made, or that fuch Fire or Steam Lejfes. ingitie Ihould be built oreredted, it lhall be lawful for the Lord High T reafurer, or the Lords Com mi fli oners of His Majesty’s Treafury for he time being, to authorize the faid Commifiioners of Woods, Forefts md Land Revenues, or the (aid Surveyor General of His Majesty’s iVoods and Forefts for the time being, to grant a L?afe for any Term tot exceeding Thirty one Years, of fuch Part of the Royal Forefts as nay be necefiary for the Purpofe of making any fuch Railway, Tram Road or Inclined Plane, or for eredting fuch. Fire or Steam Eogine, with a Licence in fuch Leafe to make or eredt the fame under fuch Modifications and Reftrictions, for fuch yearly Rent, and upon fuch Perms and Conditions, as to the faid* Commifiioners of His Majesty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or to the faid Surveyor General 3f His Majesty’s Woods and Forefts for the time being, may feem ex* pedient; which Leafe may be according to the Form hereunto annexed, and marked with the Letter (D.) or-as near thereto as may be: Provided always, that no fuch Leafe and Licence for the Pur- Provifo. pofe of making fuch Railway, Tram Road or Inclined Plane, or of ere&ing fuch Fire or Steam Engine, (hall be granted in any cafe where the Uie of the fame would interfere with or in any way abridge or prove inconfiftent with the Exercife of the Rights vefted in either of the Companies eftabliftied by Two Adis of Parliament pa fled in the Forty ninth Year of King George the Third, the one intituled An A3 for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the 49 G. 3. c. dvui. Summit of the Hill above Church way Engine, in the Forejl of Dean, in the County of Gloucefter, to a certain Place in the faid Forejl called Cinderford Bridge ; the other intituled An Ad for making and main- 49 g. 3. c.clix, taining a Railway from the Rher Wye, at or near to a Place called Lidbrook, in the Parijh of Ruardean, in the County of Gloucefter, to or near. to a Place called The Lower Forge, below Newem, in the Parijh of Lydney, in the faid County, and for making other Railways therein mentioned, in the Forejl of Dean, in the County of Gloucefter;

. without



Tretfury or Surveyor General nuy make Compensation*, or grant Leafet to Perfons relin-quilhing Pans of Foreft.

Encroachments made on Skirts of Foreft*, or in Parti not fuited for Growth of Timber, Com-

without the previous Confcnt and Concurrence of the Companies incorporated under the faid Ads.

* VIII. And whereas many Purpreftures, Encroachments and

*	Trefpaffes have been made and continued in and upon the Sotl of

*	His Majesty, within the Boundaries of the Royal Forefts, fome of 4 them contiguous and fimilar in Soil, Situation and Expofure to

*	Parts of the faid Forefts well calculated for the Growth of Timber 4 for the Ufe of the Navy, and fome in particular with;n the Parts

of the New Foreft and Foreft of Dean, which have been already 4 fet out for that Purpofe under the Statutes in t hat cafe made and 4 provided ; and it is expedient that more effedual Provifioa than has 4 hitherto been obtained fhould be made for dealing with all fuch 4 Purpreftures and Encroachments, in fuch manner as (hall beft anfwer 4 the Purpofe of preserving and maintaining His Majesty’s Rights over 4 the fameBe it further enaded, That, from and after the palling of this A€t, in cafe of any Purpreftures or Encroachments lituate ia Parts of any of the Forefts fit for the Growth of Timber, which Purpreftures or Encroachments (hall appear to have been inclofed, or ufed and occupied by the Perfon or Perfons then in Pofieflion thereof, or by any Perfon or Perfons under whom the fame is or are re-fpe&ively claimed to be held, without any effe&ual Interruption by or on the Part of His Majesty for any Period not lefs than Ten Years, and where Expence (hall appear to have been incurred in the Improvement thereof bjr the Erettion of Buildings or otherwife, and the Claimant or Claimants, Occupier or Occupiers, (hall have relinquithed the fame on receiving Notice fo to do, it fhall be lawful for the Com-miflioners of His Majesty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forefts for the time being, by and with the Authority of the Lord High Treafurer or Lords Commtffioners of His Majesty’s Treafury for the time being, to make fuch Satisfaction or Compensation in Money, in Confider-ation of the Removal, Abatement or Refumption of any Encroachment or Purprefture fo fituated, as (hall by the faid Commiffioners or the Said Surveyor General for che time being, be deemed reafonable and proper, under all the circumftances of the cafe, or to grant a Leafc of fome other Part or Parts of the Forefts fituated on the Skirts or Borders thereof, which on account of fuch Situation or other circumftances (hall not be deemed fit Tor the Growth of Timber, or likely to interfere with any Inclofures or Plantations to be made for that Purpofe, for fuch Term of Years, not exceeding Thirty one, as fhall be deemed a reafonable Allowance by way of Compenfation for the Expence which fhall appear to have been incurred in fuch Improvements ; provided that there (hall be referred to be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeftbrs, by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Lcafe (hall be fo granted, fuch Annual Kent or Rents as, under all the circumftances of the cafe, fhall by the faid Commifiiouers of Hit Majesty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the faid Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forefts for the time being, be deemed reafonable and proper.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the paifing of this A61, in cafes where Purpreftures and Encroachments (hall have been made Twenty Years at leaft before the pafifing of this Adi, (and which (hall not within that Period have been abated or prelected at any Foreft Court} on the Skirts and Borders of any of

the



A.D. 1812.	520 GEO. III.	C.	161.

the faid Forefts, or upon Parts thereof not adapted to or convenient for the Growth of Timber, or likely to interfere with any Inclofures or Plantations to be made for that Purpc/e, and where the Perfons in Poffeflion of the fame lhall be defirous of retaining fuch Poffeffion under a Leafe or Leafes thereof, it (hall be lawful for the Commif-(ioners of His Majesty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or for the Surveyor General of His Majefly's Woods and Forefts for the time being, under the Authority of the Lord High Treafurer or the Lords Commiifioners of His Majesty’s Treafuiy for the time being, to grant fuch Leafe or Leafes for any Term not exceeding Thirty one Years, in Confideration of the Payment of fuch Annual Rent or Rents, and under fuch Covenants, Conditions and Stipulations as, according to the circcmilances of the cafe, fhall by the faid Com* mifiiouers of His Majesty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the faid Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forefts for the time being, be deemed reafonable and proper; and fuch Leafe or Leafes (hall be made out accordingly, and may be according to the Form fet forth in the Schedule hereto annexed, and marked with the Letter (D.) or as near thereto as may be, without any Fine, Fee or Reward to be paid for the fame, or other Charge, except the Expences a&ually incurred for writing and engrafting fuch Leafes.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Agreement, Deed, Conveyance and Leafe authorized by this Att, together with a Map or Plan of the Land exchanged, fold or demifed thereby, (hall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of His Majefly's Land Revenue, and a Minute or Docquet thereof entered and preferved in the Office of the faid Commiifioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forefts and* Land Revenues, or in the Office of the faid Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forefts for the time being ; and that from and after fuch Enrolment or Entry, His Majesty, bis Heirs and Sue* ceffors, iu Right of the Crown, (hall be deemed to be in the a&ual and lawful Seifin and Pofleflion of any Land taken in Exchange ; and that the Party with whom fuch Exchange (hall be fo made, (hall have, hold and enjoy the Lands and Premifes fo given in Exchange, as of the fame Tenure, and fubie6l to the fame Charges and invefted* with the fame Rights and Privileges, as the Land taken in Exchange was before fuch Exchange legally fubiett to and invefted with, but freed and difeharged from any other Right, Title or Claim of the Crown to the Soil, than fuch as (hall be incident to the Nature of fuch Tenure, and from all Common of Pafture and other Rights of Common ; and the Party to whom any Land (hall have been fo fold, or conveyed by Exchange, (hall hold or enjoy the fame, freed from any Right, Title or Claim of the Crown, and from all Common of Pafture or other Right*of Common.

1 XI. And whereas the Number of unlawful Enclofures, Pur-

*	pveftures. Encroachments and Trefpafles in the Royal Forefts has 4 of late Years been much increased, and the Fences of many of fuch 4 Encroachments, and the Houfes and Buildings created thereon,

*	though at different times abated and thrown down by the Keepers

*	or other Officers of the faid Forefts, have again been re-ihftated by 1 the Trcfpaffers who originally made them, or by others fubfequently 4 occupying or claiming the fame j And whereas it 24 expedient that 4 more effectual Proviuon (hould be made for the Prevention of fuch

*	Offences, and for the Puniftiment of the Offenders in future ;* Be

52 Geo. III.	3M	DigitizedbyGoogle

*99

mifltoners of Woods, or SurveyorGenenl empowered to grant Leafes.

Inftniment enrolled in Office of Auditor of Land Revenue.

$oo

C. 161.

A.D.1811.

Unlawful F Cure*, &c. enquired of by Yuderers, \c.

Penalty*

Provifa

Veiderers may appoint Officer* for executing Orders of Court;

5 2* GEO. III.

it therefore enabled, That, from and after the pafling of this Aft, all fuch unlawful Enclofures, Purpreftures, Encroachment * and Titf-pafles which (hall have been wilfully made, or caufed or procured 10	«

be made, by any Perfon or Perfons, in and upon any of the Royal	!

Forefts, or (hall be Wilfully held, occupied and made ufe of by any Perfon or Perfons fubfequently occupying or claiming the Came, fare and except fuch as< have been demited or in refpeft of which any Treaty for a Demife (hall or may be peuding between the faid Com-miffionerg of Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and the Party or Parties who (hall be pretended Owners or a&ual Occupiers thereof, (hall and may be enquired of, by the Verderers of the refpeftive Foreft or Forelb within which fuch unlawful Enclofures, Purpreftures, Encroachments or Trefpaffes (hall have been made, in the Court or Courts of Attachment of the faid Foreft or Forefts ; and the Perfoa or Perfons guilty of making, continuing and renewing any fuch unlawful Enclofure, Purprefture, Encroachment or Trefpafs, fare as aforefaid, (hall and may be profecuted for the fame in the, faid Court or Courts 5 and upon Proof being made thereof, on the Oath of One credible Witnefs, the Verderers of the faid Foreft or Forefts, or any Two of them, prefent at the faid Court or Courts, (hall have Power, and they are hereby authorized to fine any Perfon or Perfons fo offending, for every fuch Offence, in any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter provided for, and to order and direct every fuch unlawful Enclofure, Pur-prefture, Encroachment and Trefpafs, fave as aforefaid, to be abated by the Regarders, Under Forefters, Under Keepers or other Officers of the faid Foreft or Forefts, who are hereby authorized and empowered to abate the fame accordingly : Provided nevei thelefs, that in cafe it (hall be infilled upon by any Perfon or Perfons, who (hall be proceeded againft in any of the faid Attachment Court or Courts as hereinbefore direfted, that the Place wherein the Enclofure, Purprefture, Encroachment or Trefpafs (hall have been or (hall be alledged to have been made, was not within the Boundaries of the faid Foreft or Forefts, or within the Lands belonging to His Majesty within the fame, the faid Verderers (hall not proceed to Con vision, but (Kali certify the Preferment of fuch Offence to His Majesty’s Attorney General, to theind that fuch Proceeding may be had thcTein by Information of Jntrufion, or otberwife, as by Law might hare beep had before the paffing of this Aft.

XII- And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Verderers of any of the faid Forefts, or any Two of them, at any . Court of Attachments holden for any of the faid Forefts, by Warrant 9 or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of them, or any Two of them,	I

to nominate and appoint any Perfon or Perfons to be the Officer or Officers of the faid Court or Courts, Foreft or Forefts, for the Pur-pofe of executing the Judgments and Orders of the laid Court or Courts, from time to time given and made 5 and the Perfon or Perfons fo appointed (hall, during the time mentioned in fuch Wimurt or Warrants, or until the fame (hall be recalled, or their Appointment or Appointments revoked by the faid Verderers, have full Power and Authority to execute the Judgments and Orders of the faid Court or Courts, within the faid Foreft or Forefts, in fuch and the fame manner, and by fuch and the fame means, as any Conftable or otbrr Peace Officer can or may by Law execute the Warrant of any Juftice

of



A.D.i8i2.

52* GEO. TIL

C.i5r*

90T

of the Peace for any County ; and th£ fafid Verderers, or any Two of and fix Fees, them, fhall and may fix and allow fuch Fees to be paid to or taken by fuch Officer and Officers, as the faid Verderers mall in their Difcre-tion think fit.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Regarder, Under Regarded, *c. Forefter, Under Keeper or other Officer of any of the faid Forefts, P1*11 ^ore /hall, within the Space of One Calendar Month next before the hold- ^achm^nu ing of the Firft Court of Attachments in each Year, and within a furvey Forefts, reafonable time before the holding of any other Court or Courts of and take Ac-Attachment8 for any of the faid Forefts, carefully furvey fuch Part count of Foclo-or Parts of the faid Forefts as fhall be Within his or their Regard, iuref>&c*

View or Cognizance, or within the refpedive Walks of the feveral

Under Forefters or Under Keepers of any of the faid Forefts, and fhall take an Account of all unlawful Enclofures, Purpreftures, Encroachments and Trefpafles whatever, made, done or committed within the fame, fince any preceding Survey or Surveys which fhaH have been made by them^jr any of them, on any Part or Parts of any of the faid Forefts as afrirefaid, or which were not noticed in fuch preceding Purvey or Surveys; and every fuch Regarder, Under Forefter, Under Keeper or other Officer, fhall, at every Court or'

Courts of Attachments hokieh for any of the faid Forefts, make and deliver to the Verderers thereof then prefent, a true Return and Prc-fentment of all fuch unlawful Enclofures, Purpreftures, Encroachments arid Trefpafles, as he or ! they fhall find to hare been made, done or committed, within any Part or Parts of the faid Forefts which fhall be within his or their Regard, View or Cognizance, or within the refpe&iVe Walks,of the feveral Under Foreftersand Under Keepers of any of the faid Forefts, or which he or they fhaH not hayp returned or prefen ted at the precedingor fome former Court or Courts, or which having becij made before fuch laft Survey or Surveys, fhaB not have been abated, and at what time or times ahd in what particular Part or Partg of any of the faid Forefts, and by whom, any fuch unlawful Enclofures, Purpreftures, Encroachments and Tre^afles, have been made, done or Committed, fo far as they have been able to afeertam the fame ; and every fuch Regarder, Under Forefter, Under Keeper or other Officer, fhall at the time of making or delivering in his (aid Return or Preferment, make Oath before the faid Verderers (which Oath they or any One of them is hereby authorized to adtninifter) that to the beft of his Knowledge, Information and Belief, no unlawful Enclofure, Purprefture, Encroachment or Trefpafs, hath been made, done or committed, or then exifta, withjn fuch Part pr Parts of any of the faid Forefts as fhall be within his Regard, View or Cognizance, or within the refpe6tive Walks of the feveral Under Forefters or Under Keeper of ant of the faid Forefts, other than fuch as art* contained arid deferibed in the Return or Presentment then made and delivered irj by lftm, or made or delivered in at the preceding or at fome former Court, fpecifying the time at which the fame was held.	'

XIV.	And be h> further enabled, TWt kffiall be lawful for the Court of At-Verderers 6f any of the faid Fcrefts, or any Two of them, at any tachment* may Court dr Courts of Attachments to be holden for any of the faid c^udofRe-Forefts, to enquire into the Conduft and Behaviour of the Rcgarders, garders, &c. Under Forefters, Under Keepers or other Officers of the faid Forefts, Neglecting

in their (aid Offices; and if .the faid Verderers fhall find that any Duty.

902

C.i6

A.D.i8n-

52°GEO.UL

Fifle.

Second Offence.

Regarder, Under Forefter, Under Keeper or other Officer, hsth wilfully given or delivered in to them any untrue Return or Presentment, or hath concealed or wilfully omitted to infert in fuch Return or Prefentment, any unlawful Enclofure, Purprefture, Encroachment or other Trefpafs, which ought to have.been defenbed or noticed therein, or hath wilfully and without good Caufe negle&ed to make fuch Survey as is hereinbefore dire&ed, or hath been guilty of any wilful Negle& in the Care of the Timber or other Trees, Woods, Thorns or Butties, fituate within fuch Part or Parti of any of tie faid Forefts as (hall be within his or their Regard, View or Cognizance, or within the Walk or Walks of any of the laid Under to-refters or Under Keepers, or other Officers of any of the faid Forefts, or in any other refpedl hath wilfully omitted to perform the Duty of his Office, it (hall be lawful for the Verderers of any of the (sod Forefts, or any Two of them, (having due Proof made before them ou Oath of any fuch wilful Neglect, Omiffion or Default) and they are hereby authorized to fet and impofe a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds on fuch Regarder, Under Forefter, Under Keeper or other Officer, for every fuch his wilful A&, Neglect, Omiffion or Default, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter me* tioned; and for the fecond Offence, fuch Regarder, Under Forefter, Under Keeper or other Officer, (hall forfeit and be deprived of fail Office, and (hall not at any time afterwards be reftored to fuch Office, unlefs the Verderers, or any Two of them, (hall by Order to be made by them at a Court of Attachments, fignify that in their Judgment iiich Regarder, Under Forefter, Under Keeper or other Officer, may properly be re-appointed or reftored to bis faid Office; and if any fuch Officer (hall oe again copvi&ed of a like Offence whereby his Office (hall become forfeited, he (hall be incapable of behg again appointed to fuch Office, or of holding any Office or Employment whatsoever within any of the faid Forefts.

XV. And be it further enaded. That all pecuniary Penalties impofed, and Fees authorized by this A&, and not hereinbefore diicded to be recovered before the Verderers of any of the faid Forefts, or CmmofAt " *n	Courts	of	Attachments,	(hall	and	may	be recovered is s

tachmentt, re- fummary way, before any Juft ice or Juftices of the Peace for «y County, Riding, Divifton or Place, in which the Perfon having incurred the fame (hall happen to be; and in cafe any Penalty recovered before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, or before the Verdcrmof any of the faid Forefts, or any Two of them, or in the (aid Courts of Attachments, or any Fine fet or impofed, by the faid Verdeim, or any Two of them, or the faid Courts,, (hall not be paid forthwith, it (hall be lawful for the Juftice or Juftices, or Verderers, or the bid Courts by whom fuch Fine (hall be fet or impofed, or before whom fuch Penalty (hall be recovered, by Warrant under his Hand and Sell, or their Hands and Seals, and directed by fuch Juftice or Juftices, to any Couftabk or other Peace Officer, and by the faid Verderers to the proper Officef or Officers to be appointed for any of the bid Forefts in the manner hereinbefore provided, to caufe fuch Fine or Penalty to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offenders Goods sad Chattels, together with all Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftitb and Sale; and in cafe no fufficient Diftrefs can be had or made* fuch Juftice or Juftices, Verderers or Courts* (hall, if he or they (hall think proper, commit the Offender to the Common Gaol for,

or

Third Offence.

Penalties not dire&ed te be recovered before

covered before Juftice.

Diftrefs.

Tmpriibnment.



Google

52° GEO. HI.

C.161.

9oj

or fonac Houfe of Corredion, within fuch County, Riding, Divifion,

City, Town or Place as aforefaid, there to remain without Bail or Mamprize, for any time not exceeding Six Months.

XVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing A£ not to in-in this Ad contained fhall extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend, Right* to defeat, alter or infringe all or any of the Rights, Privileges or p^*^etters Advantages which may be enjoyed or claimed under any Letters

Patent granted by His faid Majesty, his Anceftors, or Predeceffors, of any Office, Bailiwick, Walk or Lodge, within any of the faid Forefts.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing Not t0.|JJrev^nt herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to prevent

His Majesty from proceeding by Information in His Court of Exche- 0f l3W; quer, or from having Recourfe to any other Law which may now exift for the Punifhment of Offences of the nature hereinbefore mentioned, in all cafes where fuch Proceedings fhall be deemed'more advifeable than thofe which are authorized by this A£t.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That all Sums of Monev which Rent of Lands

{hall accrue either/by Penalties recovered under this Ad or from the P“d 10 Coromil-Sale of or as Rent for any Lands fold or demifed by virtue of this	and

Ad, fhall be paid to the Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Woods, ^hejVimd*. Forefts and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General of His Ma-

iefty’s Woods and Forefts for the time beiug, to be by them or

him paid into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank

of England, and applied and accounted for with the other Funds

under their or his Management, in the manner direded by an Ad of

the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled 4$ G.3.C. I4*»

An AS for the better Regulation of the Office of Surveyor General of

Woods and Forefts t

4 XIX. And whereas by an Ad made in the Thirty ninth and 39&4oG*3*

4 Fortieth Years of His prefent Majesty, intituled An AS for the c#

4 better Prefervation of Timber in the New Foreft in the County of 4 Southampton, and for afeertatning the Boundaries of the faid Foreft,

4 and of the Lands of the Crown within the fame, it was, amongft 4 other things, enaded, That the Commiffioners thereby appointed § 1*

4 fhouid caufe a Map or Plan to be made of the faid Foreft in manner 4 therein mentioned: And whereas the faid Map has not hitherto been

*	framed according to the Provifions of the faid Ad; and it is expe-4 dient that the fame fhouid be executed with as Httle Delay as pof-

*	fible,* Be it enaded, That it fhall he lawful for the Commiffioners Map or Plan

of His Majesty*® Treafury, or any Three or more of them, to employ completed m Surveyors, or other proper Perfons, in framing fu<jh Map or Plan ;	*** cm‘

and they are hereby required to complete the fame within Five Years

from and after the palling of this Ad.

XX.	And he it further enaded, That, from and after the paffing Surveyor of of this Ad, it fhall not be lawful for any Surveyor#of any Turnpike Roads,&c. aoc Road or any Highway, or for any other Perfcn, to dig, get or

carry away or caufe to he dug, got or carried way any Stone or	Crown.

Gravel, or other Materials for the making or repairing of any Road or Way, or for any other Purpofe, in or from any ot His Maiefty’s Forefts, whereby any Plantation or Tree belonging to His Majesty may he or be liable to be injured or damaged.

XXI.	Provided always, and he it further enaded. That nothing Commiffioners herein contained fhall extend or he conftrued to empower or enable not to fell, &c.

3M3	p non Ip	the

*	VjOOgLC

9° 4

C.i6i.

5 a® GEO. in.

A.D.tSn.

Exchange, kc. not to be made to inteirupt Accel's to Forefls from adjoining ElUtes.

Lands or Oravel the Commiffioners of Hia Majefly’s Woods, Forefls and Land Rcte-*>IU-	nues, or tfy* Surveyor General of His Majelly’s Woods and Foreftj

for the time being, to grant in Exchange, or to make Sale of any open or accuHomed Marl Pits, or any Bogs or Lands from which feat has been ufualiy gotten for Fuel, or any Gravel Pits now open, fituate in or within any of the faid Forefls, or any Lands, by the Exchange or Sale whereof the Owners or Occupiers of any Edits adjoining or contiguous to the faid Forefls (hall be deprived of their ufual or accuflomed Supply of Marl or Peat from the faid ForefU.

XXII. Provided alio, and be it enabled, That nothing in this Adi contained fhall extend to empower or enable the faid Commif-fioners of His Majesty’s Woods, Forefls and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majefly’s Woods and Forefls for the time being, to grant in Exchange or make Sale of any Land within any of the faid Forefls, in fuch manner as to prevent any Perfon or Per-fons having Right of Common on fuch Forefls from having Accefs to fuch Forefls for the Purpofe of enjoying fuch Right of Common, as effectually and conveniently as he or they now has or lave, or otherwife might have had, or to prevent any Perfon or Perfons froa having Accefs from the faid ForefU to any Lands belonging to him or them, lying adjacent or contiguous to the faid Forefls, as fully is he or they now has or have or otherwife might have had.

4 XXIII. And whereas by an Adk, paffed in the Fiftieth Year

*	of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled An A3 for uniting 4 the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, 4 and Surveyor General of His Majejlfs Woodsy Forefls y Parks and 4 Chafes, the Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Woods, Forefls and

*	Land Revenue, or any One of them, are authorized to receive a r Verification and take an Examination on Oath touching and cos-

*	cerning all Matters of Surveys, Returns, Reports, Efliznates, 4 Accounts and other Matters and Things, of and from every 4 Officer and other Perfon, in all cafes wherein the Surveyor General 4 of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefls, Parks and Chafes, was immedi-4 ately before the palling of that Adi by Law authorized fo to do :

4 ,	4 And whereas it is expedient that a like Authority fhould be givea

4 to them to receive Verifications and take Examinations on Oath 4 touching Matters which relate to the Department of His MajetlyJi 4 Land Revenue, and which were, previous to the pafling of tbe 4 abovementioned Adi, under the feparate Cognizance or Manage-4 ment of the Surveyor General of that Department;’ Be it there-CommHTioner« fore enadled. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, or of Woods, &c. to any One of them, and they or any One of them are and 13 hereby cation* &c!nfi authorized to receive a Verification and take an Examination upon

50G.3. c.65

in-

touching Matters relating to Department of Land Revenue.

Oath of and from any Officer and other Perfon employed in making aud conducting any Surveys, Returns, Reports, Eflimates and Accounts, or other Matters and Things touching and concerning the faid Department 6f His Majefly’s Land Revenue, in like manner as they are by tbe faid* above mentioned Adi empowered to do in all Matters and Things relating to the Department of His Majcfly’s Woods, Forefls, Parks and Chafes; and if any Officer or other Perfon fhall in any fuch Verification or Examination upon Oath as aforefaid, knowingly and wilfully forfwear himfelf, herlelf or them-felves, fuch Officer or other Perfon fo offending (hall be liable to be punifhed in fuch manner as is provided by the different Laws and

Statutes



Google



5 2° GEO. m.

C. i6t.



:atutes now in force for the Puniflunent of wilful and corrupt Perjury. L’rjury.	'

XXIV. And be it further cna&ed, That where any /thing is Two Commif-reded, required or permitted to be done under this Ad, by the fioneriofWoods, ommiflioners of His Majesty’s Woods, Forellsand Land Revenues, &C’ITU* 4‘ct* ie fame may be done by any Two of fuch Commiffioners.

1 XXV. And whereas an A6t was pafled in the Thirty fifth Year of 35 G. 3- c* 4^*

the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to enable His

Majefy to grant to the Right Honourable Jolui Ear I of Upper Oflbry

of Ampthill in ihe County of Bedford, his Heirs and Ajfigns, in Fee

Simfle all the EJlatef Rightf Title and Interejl remaining in His

Maje/ly in and upon the Walk of Farming Woods, in the Forejl of

Rockiugham, in the County of Northampton, to which the faid Earl

of Upper OfTory is entitled for Three Lives, under a Grant from

His prefent Majejly, upon] a full and adequate Conftderation to be paid

for the fame: And wnereas an Ad was pafled in the Thirty iixth 3$ G.3.C.62.

Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad to enable

His Majejly to grant to John Earl of YVeftmodand, his Heirs and

AJftgns, in Fee Simple, all the EJlate, Right, Title and Interejl remain•

ing in His Majejly, in or upon the Hayes or Walks of Sulehay,

Fenr.es and Shortwood and Morehay, in the Forejl of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Ce/i-fideration to be paid for the fame : And whereas another Aft was pafled in the faid Thirty Iixth Year of the Reign of His prefent 36 C. 3. c. 63. Majesty, intituled An A9 to enable His Majejly to grant to Henry Earl of Exeter, bis Heirs and AJftgns, in Fee Simple, all the EJlate,

Right 9 Title and Interejl remaining in His Majejly, in and upon the Haye or Walk of Weft Hay in the Forejl of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Conftderation to be paid for the fame ; and it was thereby enaded, that when fuch Grant ftiould be fo made, the Woods, Woodlands, Hereditaments and premifes to be cornprifed therein fhould immediately thereupon become and be Part and Parcel of the faid Henry Earl of Exeter’s Manor of Duddington, in the County of Northampton : And whereas another Ad was pafled in the faid Thirty fixth Year of Flis prefent 3$ Gc. 64r Majesty, intituled An Ad to enable His Majefy to grant to George Finch Hatton Efquire, his Heirs and AJftgns, jn Fee Simple, all the Efate, Right, Jitle and Interef remaining in His Majefy ip and upon the Lawn of Benefield, and the Bailiwick of Rockingham, in the faid Foref of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Conftderation to he paid for the fame : And whereas in purfuance of the Powers, Authorities and DireQions of the fa\d firft recited Ad, the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s L^nd Revenue did con trad for the faid Grant to the faid John Earl of Wefmorland, and did afeertain and fix the Sum of Eleven thoufand eight hundred and eighty one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight : pence to be a full and adequate Conftderation for the faid Grant,

: and the faid Sun? of Eleven thoufand eight hundred and eighty : one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight pence was accordingly paid 1 by the faid John Earl of Wefmorland under the Diredion of the ‘ faid Ad into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Lord High r Treafurer of England, and was laid out in the Purchafe of Seven-‘ teen thoufand eight hundred and fixty feven Pounds and Eight 1 Pence Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, in

Google* ****

90 6

C.i6i.

A.D.1812.

34 G. 3.4.75.

48 G. 3. t. 73. i*7-

§**•

Money laid out in Purchafe of Lands fit for Growth of Timber.

$2°GJE0. hi.

4 the fame manner and to and for the fame Ufet and Purposes as the * Monies arifing or to arife by the Sale of th^ Fee Fann Rents art 1 diie&cd to be laid out by 3n Ait of Parliament palled in the Thirty 4 fourth Year of His Majtfty’s Reign, intituled, An A8 for the better 4 Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale 4 of Fee Farm and other unimf rove able Rents, as by the faid firft 4 recited Att is diredted: Ana whereas no Contract or Agreement 4 has hitherto been made by the Coramiflioners of His Majesty**

4 Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, with the faid Henry Earl of 4 Exeter, or his Heirs or Afligns, or with the faid George Fmel	j

4 Hatton, or with the faid John Earl of Upper Ojfory, under the 4 faid recited Acts in refpedt of the faid Grants to be made to them,

4 and the Sums of Money to be paid under the faid recited A6ts as a 4 Confideration for the faid Grants t'emain ftill unfettled: And whereas j 4 by an Adi pafled in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Maiefty, j 4 intituled An AS to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in Eng- | 4 land, and alfo of His Majejly9s Duchy ofL ancafter, the faid Surveyor 4 General for the time being was authorized to contradl and agree 4 with any Perfon or Perfons, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, for 4 the Sale of the Soil, Mines or other Minerals, or other Subftancts 4 or Herbage, or any other Rights or Interefts of His Majesty, his 4 Heirs and Succeflors, in the Great Foreft of iBrecknock, in the 4 County of Brecknock, or any Part thereof, or in any manner apper-4 taining thereto, or exi fling within the fame, at or for the beft Prices 4 or Confiderations in Money which the faid Surveyor General /booId 4 be able to procure for the fame, and which fhould be approved of 4 by the Lord High Treafurer, or Commiflioners of the Treafury for 4 the time being, and the Purchafe Monies to be paid for the fane 4 fhould from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, and 4 fhould be invefted in the Purchafe of Stock, and the Stock fopor-4 chafed and the Intereft and Yearly Dividend arifing therefrom fhould 4 be applied in the fame manner, and fubjedt to the fame Regulation 4 as are pveferibed iu the faid laft recited Ad, with refped to the 4 Purchafe Monies arifing from the Sales of Crown Lands thereby 4 authorized to be made: And whereas from the great and increafing 4 Difficulty of procuring a fufficient Supply of Timber for the Ufc 4 of the Navy, it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the 4 Public in general, if the faid Sum of Money fo received from the 4 faid John Earl of Wejlmorland, and the Monies to be paid by the 4 Heirs of the faid Henry late Earl of Exeter, and the laid Georgt 1 Finch Hatton, and the faid John Earl of Upper Offory, (the fare 4 having arifen from the Sale of the Foreftal Rights belonging to Hi>

4 Majestyl and alfo the Monies arifing from the Sale ot the Foreft 4 of Brecknock, were laid 6ut in the Purchafe of Lands fit and proper 4 for the Growth of Timber, and of any Rights of Individuals, to 4 Lands fit for that Purpofe ;* Be it therefore further enadted, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiflioners of His Majesty*s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of Crown Lands for the time being, with the Approbation of and by the Dire&ioo of the Lord Higti Treafurer, or CommifiioRers of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three of them, to contradl and agree with any Body or Bodies Politic or Coroorate, or Perfon or Perfons for the Sale of and to fell the faid Sum ot Seventeen thoufand eight hundftd and fixty feven Pounds and Eight pence Three Pounds per Cenhm

12	Con-



j2° GEO. IU.

C.161.

907

Confolidated Bank Annuities, or any Part thereof, and apply the Pro-* duce and alfo the Monies to be received from the faid Heir or Heirf of the faid Henry late Earl of Exeter, the faid George Finch Hait on, and the faid John Earl of Upper OJfory, or either of them ; any tiling in the faid recited Afts to the contrary notwithftanding 5 and all or any other Monies ariiing or which may arife from the Sale of the faid Foreft of Brecknock, or any Part thereof, or of Lands in any Foreft, reputed Foreft or Wafte, belonging to His Majefly, or of His Majesty'*

Rights and Interefts therein, in the Purchafe of any Lands the Property of Individuals, or in the Purchafe of any Rights of Individuals (where the Reverfion of fuch Rights (hall be veiled in His Majesty) to or over any Lands which (hall in the Judgment of the faid Com-miffioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of Crown Lands for the time being, be fit and proper for the Growth and Cultivation of Wood and Timber, and luch Lands and Rights (hall when fo purchafed be held by and be and become the Property of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeffors.

1 XXVI. And whereas the above named Henry Earl of Exeter,

*	afterwards created Marquis of Exeter, departed this Life without

*	having completed the Purchafe of the Woods, Woodlands, Hcredi-

*	taments and Premifes, mentioned in the laid recited Aft of the

*	Thirty fixth of His prefent Majesty, but the Devifees in Truft, 36G.3. c.$2.

4 named and appointed by his Will, are at prefent in Treaty with

4 the Commifuoner8 of His Majesty's Woods, Forefts and Land

*	Revenues for the Purchafe thereof, and alfo for the Purchafe of 4 His Majesty's Manor of King's Ciiffe in the faid County of Nor-

* th amp ton, and are defirous in the Event of fuch Treaties being

*	earned into Effeft, that the faid Woods, Woodlands, Hereditaments ‘ and Premifes, mentioned in the faid recited Aft, fhould become and

*	be Part of the faid Manor of King's Ciiffe Be it therefore enafted.

That, from and after the Completion of fuch Purchafes as aforefaid, Purchafe com-tlie Woods, Woodlands, Hereditaments and Premifes fo to be com- l*lcted» Lands to prifed in any Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, to be made or ^‘come jrranted under the Authority of the faid recited Aft of the Thirty	°	nS	*

fixth of His prefent Majesty, (hall become and be Fart of the faid Manor of King's Ciiffe, and not of the Manor of Duddington.

* XXVII. And whereas in and by an Aft pafTed in the Fifty firft 51 G. 3- c.115*

*	Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Ad for $ x*

*	amending the A3 Forty third George the Third, to promote the 4 building, repairing or otberwife providing the Churches and Chapels,

4 and of Houfes for the Rejidence of Minifters, and for providing of 4 Church Tards and Glebes, it was, among other tbiugs, enafted,

*	that the King's Moft Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Succcftbrs,

4 fhould have full Power, Licence and Authority, by Deed or Writiiig,

‘ under the Great Seal, to give and grain:, and veil in any Perfpn

*	or Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Heirs and

*	Succeffors refpeftively, all fuch, his, her or their Eftate, Intereft « or Property, in any Lands or Tenements, within the Survey of the « Court of Exchequer, for or towards the erefting, rebuilding, repair-« ing, purchafing or providing any Church or Chapel where the 4 Liturgy and Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland 4 are or (ball be ufed or obferved, or any Manfion Houfe, for the 1 Refidenceof anyMinifterof the faid United Church officiating or 4 to officiate In any fuch Church or Chapel, or any Outbuildings*

‘ Offices,

* LjOOQIC

go8

C.161.

A/D.1811

Hij Majeftj-may grant Land

for Curtilages and Accefles to Churches or Chapels.

provifa.

52* GEO. III.-

r Offices, Church Yards or Glebe, for the fame refpeftively, and to 4 be for thofe Purpofcs applied in and by fuch Deed as aforefaid ex-4 prefled, provided that nothing in this Ad now in recital contained 4 fhould extend or be conftrued to extend to enable His Majesty, his * Heirs or Succeflbrs, to grant more than Five Acres in any One 4 Grant for any of the Purpofcs aforefaid: And whereas it is found 4 expedient that the Powers of the fame Ad fhould be extendedto 4 Ground for Curtilages, Accefles or any other Conveniences or 4 Accommodations of or to any of fuch Churches or Chapels as afore-4 faid : And whereas the palling of Deeds or Writings under the 4 Great Seal for the Purpofes aforefaid, by reafon of the great Ei-4 pence attending the fame, may in fome cafes produce Inconveuience 4 and fruftrate the Intention of the faid Ad ;* Be it therefore enacted, That His faid Majelly, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, lhall have full Power, Licence and Authority to give and grant, and veil in any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, and their Heirs and Succeflbrs reipedively, in manner hereinafter mentioned, all fuch his, her or tbeir Eftate, Intereft or Property in any Lands or Tenements within the Survey of the Court of Exchequer, or of the Duchy of Lane after, for Curtilages, or for Accefles, or for any other Conveniences or Accommodations of any fuch Churches or Chapels as aforr-faid; and fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corpo-rate, and their Heirs and Succeflbrs refpedively, lhall have full Capacity and Ability to receive, take, hold and enjoy the fame according to the Intent and Meaning of the faid Act, and whenever it lhall be the Pleafure of His Majelly, his Heirs or Succeflbrs, to make a Grot for any of the Purpofes aforefaid, it lhall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commilfioners of the Treafury, or any Three of them, to grant a Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands to any fuch Perfon or Perfons, dr Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, fpecifying the Premifes fo to be veiled in fuch Perfon or Perlons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as aforefaid, which Warrant (hall be inrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the Divifion or County within which the Premifes fcall be fituate, and alfo in the Office of the Commilfioners of His Majesty’s Woods, Forells and Land Revenues, or in the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majelly’s Land Revenue for the time being; aod fuch Auditor, and fuch Commilfioners, or Surveyor General having enrolled the faid Warrant, lhall certify fuch Inrolment at the Foot or on the Back thereof under their Hands, and return the faid Warrant to the Grantee or Grantees of the Premifes therein named, and from and immediately after fuch Inrolment and thenceforth for ever the refpedive Grantees named in fuch Warrants, arui their Heirs and Succeflbrs, lhall by force of this Ad be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the a&ual Seilin and Pofleffion of the Premifes in the faid War-rants fpecified, and lhall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and difeharged of and from all Claims and Demands which can or may be made by His Majelly, his Heirs or Succeflbrs, or by any Perfon or Perfons lawfully claiming by, from or under him or them, and of and from all manner of Incumbrances whatfoever as fully and amply to all Intents and Purpofes as His Majelly, his Heirs or Suc-ceflors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained lhall extend, or be con-ftrued to extend to enable His Majelly, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, to

	41,1,1

A.D. 1812.	52°G£O.III.	C.i6t.	90$

grant more than Five Acres in any One Grant for any of the Pur-pofes aforefaid.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

(A.)

FOR AN EXCHANGE OF FREEHOLD LANDS.

JgE it known, That the Right Honourable A. B. and C.

Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Woods, Fore (Is and Land Revenues, being duly authorized by the Lords Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Treafury, in Exercife of the Powers veiled in them by an Act [infert the Yule of this /ft?], do by thefe Prefents on Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, give, gi^nt and convey to

X.	T. his Heirs and Affigns, All that Piece or Parcel of Land coloured	in the Map or Plan

annexed to thefe Prefents, containing	Acres

Roods and	Perches,	and abutting, tffc.

Cas the cafe may he] : And the faid X. T. doth by thefe Prefents, for himfelf and his Heir9, by the Dirtdion of the faid Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, give, grant and convey unto His faid Majesty King George the Third, and his Heirs and Succeflors, all that Piece or Parcel of Land coloured

in the faid Map or Plan, in Exchange for the Piece or Parcel of Land diftinguifhed b'y a	Colour	in

the faid Map or Plan : Provided always, That if His faid Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflors, or the faid X. T* his Heirs or Affigns, fhall at any time without their refpe&ive wilful Default, be evi&ed of the fame Piece or Parcel of Land hereby refpe&ively given, granted and conveyed to him or them refpe&ively as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the Party or Parties fo evifted to enter into the Piece or Parcel of Land contra&ed by him to be given in Exchange as aforefaid, and to hold and enjoy the fame in his or their former Eftate, in the fame manner as if the Exchange hereby made had not been made.

In Witnefs, &c.

(B.)

FORM OF DEED FOR AN EXCHANGE OF LEASE-HOLD PREMISES. lgE it known, That the Right Honourable A. B. and C.

Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being duly authorized by the Lords Commiffioners of His Majesty,8 Treafory, in Exercife of the Powers veiled in them by an A£t [infert the Title of this Ad"], do by thefe Prefents on Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflors, give, grant and demife unto

X.	7*. his Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, for the Term of Years, commencing from the Day next before the Day of the Date of thefe Prefents, All that Piece or Parcel of Land coloured	in the Map or Plan annexed to thefe Prefents,

containing Acres, _ Roods and	Perches, and abut-

ting, fc. [as the cafe [may be] in Exchange for the Piece or Parcel of Land coloured	in	the	faid	Map	or	Plan,	containing	Acres,	Roods	and	Perches,	and

abutting, &c. [as the cafe may be] : And the laid X. T. doth by

thefi}

Di vjOOQIC

C.i6i.

A.D.1812.

52° GEO. III.

thefe Prefenis, for himfelf, his Executors and Adfnimftraton, aid by the Dire&ion of the faid Commilfioners of His Majesty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues give, grant and furrender to His Majesty King George the Third, his Heirs and Succeffors, all that the (aid Piece or Parcel of Land coloured	in	the faid Map or

Plan, and which is now veiled in him the faid X. T. under a Leak from the Crown, for a Term of Years, of which	Years	ait

yet to come and unexpired, in Exchange for the laid Piece or Pared of Land, diftinguilhea by a	Colour	in	the	(aid	Map

In Witnefs, &c.

(C.)

FORM OF CONVEYANCE.

'T'HESE are to witnefs, That in Confederation of the Sum of

paid by A. B. to the Commiffioners of Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, [or, to the Surveyor General of His Maiefty’s Woods, Forefts, 8cc. as the cafe may be] for and on account of His faid Maiefty, C Z). and E. F.9 Two of the Covnanffionere of His Maiefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being duly afr thorized by the Lords Commiffioners of His Majesty’* Treafury, do, for and on the Behalf of His faid Majesty, by thefe Preftati

frant, bargain and fell unto the faid A. B. his Heirs and Affigm, deferibe the Parcels of Land, &c. fold] To have and to hold, [tlx faid Parcels,	hereby	bargained	and	fold,	and	all	Benefit	mi

Advantage thereto belonging, unto and to the Ufe of the faid A.B. his Heirs and Affigns for ever. In Witnefs whereof, the laid C.D. £. F. and G. H. have hereunto fet their Hands and Seals, this

Day of	in	the	Year	of	off

Lord	•

(D.)

FORM OF LEASE.

'T'HESE are to witnefs, that in Confideration of the Annual Rest or Sum of	hereinafter	referved	to be paid by

X.	T. of, &c. the Commiffioners of His Majefly’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, [or, the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forefts, as the cafe may be] by the Authority of the Lords Commiffioners of His Moje&y’s Treafury, for and on BeUf of Hib Majesty, doth [or, do] by thefe Prefents, grant, demife, Jezfe and to farm let unto the faid X. T. his Executors, Adminifbaton and Affigns, All [deferibe the Parcels of Land, To have sod to hold the faid Parcels, &c. hereby demifef, and all Benefit sod Advantage thereto belonging, unto him the faid X, T, his Execo-tors, Adminiftrator,s and Affigns, for and during the Term of

Years, yielding and paying by Half yearly Payments to the (aid Surveyor General, or to the. faid Commiffioners [as the caje may Je] for the time being, the Annual Rent or Sum of

. In Witnefs whereof the faid	sod

the faid X. T. have hereunto fet their Hands and Seals, this Dsiy of	in	the	Year, &c.

'Witnefs.



A.D.I&I2.

S2° GEO. IH.

Ci6i



CAP. CLXII.

An Aft fbr the Prefervation of the Public Pbace in certain dHturbed Counties in England ; and to give, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, additional Powers to Juft ices for that Purpofe.

[29th July 1812.]

c 'f Y7HEREAS Arms have for fome time paft been induftrioufly c VV collefted by evil difpofed Perfons, for Purpofes dangerous 1 to the Public Peace, and nave been alfo taken by Force from 1 the Houfes of Perfons unable to refift fuch Violence: And whereas [ illegal Affodation8 have beeri formed in feveral Counties, and which are in many cafes connected with each other by Delegates; and ] numerous Outrages have been committed by Perfons fo aflociated, and by other ev3 difpofed Perfons who aflembic to deftroy Manu-faftories and Machinery : And whereas Meetings are held, as well 5 by Night as by Day, by many evil difpofed Perfons, for the Purpofe of training and learning the Ufe of Arms, in order tb enable’ them more effeftually to execute their evil Purpofes: AncJ whereat fuch Praftices endanger the public Peace and Security ; and it is therefore neceffary to empower Magiftratcs, and others afting under their Authority in Proteftion of the Public Peace, upofi Suspicion, to fearch for and feize aft ftoien or fecreted and concealed Arms, Weapons and Ammunition, and to receive fbr fafe Cuftody the Arms, Weapons and Ammunition belonging to Pen. fons unable to refift fuch unlawful Outrages as aforefaid; and alfo to authorize the difperfing of all unlawful AflemblieS and Meetings, and the apprehending of Perfons engaged therein, or aiding and affifting thereat, or afting as Delegates of or to fuch Afiemblies or AfTociations, or engaged in inciting Perfons to join in fuch illegal PrafticesBe it therefore enafted by tlie King's Moft Excellent Vlajefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Dords Spiritual ind Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled,' tod by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for any Arm* coUedeU Tuftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, or for any Conftable or other for Purpofes ?eace Officer afting under any Warrant figned by any Jdftice of the^ p ?eace or Magiftrate or for any Perfon or Perfons afting wfth or in fearched for ani kid of any Conftable or other Pfeace Officer having a Warrant from Ysized. n y Juft ice of the Peace or Magiftrate, to fearih for and feize any tolen or concealed or fecreted Mufket®, Guns, Piftols or other Fire krms, or Swords, Bayonets, Pikes, Pike Heads, Dirks, Daggers, ipears or Inftruments ferving for Pikes or Spears, or any Parts of iich Arms or Weapons, or any Gunpowder or Bullets, or other kmmunitidn, in any Houfe or Building, or any Place whatsoever fn rhich the Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, making 6t granting*1 ny Warrant for the'making of any fuch Search1, may fufpeft any -	.

;olen Arms, Weapons or 'Ammunition tb be, or any Arms, Wea* "* •’*4 ~ ’ ons or Ammunition to be concealed or fecreted; and in cafe Ad*' tiffion fhall be refufed or not obtained within a reafonabR time after'

. fhall have been firft demanded, to enter by £orce, by Day or by Tights into every fuch Hbufe or Buildings or any Place whatfoever, id to carry away the Arms, Weapons and Ammunition there fb iuad, ahd deliver the fanW to fuch Perfon or Perfons, to be depd-

fited



913

Anns not ftcure from Seizure demanded by Warrant of Juftices, <uid lodged in Places •f Security.

Appeal.

Seflions held every Three Weeks for deciding Claims.

X)^p6ts forfeited Anns appointed*

C. 162.	52s GEO. III.	AJ).i8n.

(ited in fuch Place or Places as (hall be appointed for that Purpofe, as hereinafter mentioned.

II.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace or Magiftrates, by any Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to require the Delivery of any Arm?, Weapons or Ammunition which may be in any Houfc or Place, in which, in the Judgment of fuch Juftices or Magiftrates, fuch Anns. Weapons or Ammunition (hall not be fufficiently fee u re again ft any Attempts which may be made by any evil difpofed Perfons to obtain Pofleflion thereof; and if the Perfon poflefied of fuch Arms or Weapons or Ammunition (hall refufe to deliver up fuch Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, upon fuch Demand as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices or Magiftrates, or any Perfons a&ing under any fuch Warrant as aforefaid, to fearch for and take and fecure the (amt, and for that Purpofe to enter by Force in the Day time, if Eutiy (hould not be allowed in a reafonable time after Demand thereof, into any Houfe or Building, or any Place whatfoever; and all Anus, Weapons or Ammunition fo taken, (hall be marked by the Pertoo taking the fame, in fuch a manner as to afeertain from whom the fame were taken, and a Receipt (hall be given by the Perfon receiving or taking the fame, to the Perion by whom the Came (hail be delivered, or from whom the fame (hall be fo taken; and all inch Arms, Weapons and Ammunition, (hall be depofited for fafe Cuf tody in fuch Place and put in Charge of fuch Perfon or Perfems as (hall be appointed to take Care of fuch Arms, Weapons or Amnuu* tion, for the Purpofe of being reftored as hereinafter mentioned.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it (hallbr lawful for any Perfon from whom any fuch Arms, Weapons or As* munition (hall be fo taken as laft aforefaid, in cafe thi Juftices 0: Magiftrates upon whofe Warrant the fame (hall have been taken fhali, upon Application made for that Purpofe, refufe to reftore the (an*, to apply to the next Special or General or Quarter Sefftoos of the Peace of the County or Riding, for the keftitution of fuch Anns, Weapous and Ammunition, or any Part thereof; and the Juftices affembled at fuch Special or General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace (hall make fuch Order for the keftitution or fafe Cuftody of fuch Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, or any Part thereof, as, upon fuch Application, (hall appear to them to be proper: And, from and after the pafiiog of this Ad, and during the Continuance thereof, Special Seflions of the Peace fhali be held in every County, Riding, City or Place in which Seflions of the Peace are held, once in every Three Weeks at the lead, for receiving and hearing fuch Applications it to Arms as aforefaid; the Firft of which Seflions (hall be held 00 the Second Tuefday next after the paffiog of this Ad; and all fech Special Seflions may be adjourned from time to time, as may be deeded ncceflary by the Juftices attending the fame.

IV.	And be it further enatied, That it (hall be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace aflembled at any fuch Special or General or Quarter. Seflions of the Peace, in every County or Riding or Divi-lion of any County within the Provifions of this Ad, and they art hereby required, in all cafes where the feme (hall be neceflary, to appoint proper Places for Dep6ts for all Arms feized or takes for fete Cuftody, and alfo proper Perfons to hate the Cuftody sod On of fuch Arms ; and th$ Expence of fiich Dep6ts and fuck Kemone*

13	ration



3.i8i2*

C.i 62.

S2C GEO. III.

9* 3

on as the Juft ices at any fuch Seflion or any fubfequent Seflioni I deem reafonable and proper, to be paid to the Perfons hating Cuftody and Care of luch Arms, for their Trouble, and for the e and Preservation thereof, (hall be paid out of the Rates of the inty, Riding or Divifion, where the Depots (hall refpeftively be.

7. And be it further enadfed, That every Perfon having the Care Arms to be re-

any Depot for fafe Cuftody of any fuch Arms, Weapons or Am- £ftered and ,

lition aforefaid, under the Proviiions of this AA, (hall keep an i^utenancy and

urate Regiftry thetcof, and (hall produce fuch Regifter, or deliver Quarter Seflioni.

iccurate Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, whenever the fame

1 be demanded, to the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or Deputy

utenant, and to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or

ifion, or City, Town or Place where the fame (hall be depo(itcd,

the Ufe of the Lieutenancy, or of the Juftices aftembled at any

cial or Geueral or Quarter Sefiions of the Peace as aforefaid.

11. And be it further enadted, That the Juftices aftembled at any Special or General or General or Quarter Sefiions of the Peace may and (hall ral or Quarter n time to time, as the cafe may require, examine the Returns of	how^

giftry of all Arms, Weapons and Ammunition depofited under Arms'&c.°W Proviftons of this A6t, and alfo, if they (ball fee fit, examine any difpofel of. fon or Perfons who may be able to give any Information as to h Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, or any other Matter or Tiring iting thereto, upon Oath (which Oath they are hereby refpedlivcly horized to adminifter) ; and it (hall be lawful for the Juftices mbled at any fuch Special or General or Quarter Sefiions of the ice, to order that any fuch Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, (hall lain depofited while the County or Part of the County where the le (hall have been taken fnall, in the Judgment of the Juftices mbled at any fuch Special or General or Quarter Sefiions of the ice as aforefaid, continue fo difturbed, as to make it expedient retain the fame in fafe Cuftody, or that the fame (hall fo remaining the Continuance of this Adi, or that the fame (hall be reftored the Owner thereof; and the faid Juftices (hall alfo m^ke fuch der for the Delivery of all fuch Arms to the Perfons entitled reto, without Fee or Reward, at the Expiration of this Adf, as y may deem proper and neceflary.

yil. And be it further enadted, That all Aflemblies of Perfons What Affcm-eting to be trained or drilled, or for the Purpofe of being arrayed blies declared Bodies or learning the Ufe of Arms, without any lawful Au- uni?'T^; irity from His Majelly, or any Lieutenant of any County by	Dtle-

mmifiion or otherwife, for fo doing ; and all Affemblies of Per- |ate»1frora, or is meeting together for the Purpofe of illegally taking any Arms, aflifting by Con* eapons or Ammunition, or for the Purpofe of collecting or forming uibutionsof any Dep6ts of any Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, or for the irpofe of fecreting and concealing of any Arms, Weapons or Am-inition, or for the Deftrudtion of any rfoufe. Building, Machinery other Property, or for the Purpole of aiding, abetting or in any inner aflifting in any fuch Purpofe aforefaid; or for the Purpofe of ling auy Sums of Money for the Purpofe of aiding and abetting y fuch Purpofe as aforefaid, or for the aiding and abetting or aflift*

* in the fupporting and maintaining of any fuch AfTembly as afore-d, or of any other unlawful Combination or Confederacy, (ball be d the fame are hereby prohibited as dangerous to the Peace and curity of His Majesty’s liege Subjects, and of His Government;	.

and



9*4

C. 162.

A.D.181?.

Mifltaneaaor.

Perfons .iflTem-Wled in Danger •f Public Peace difperled; found carrying Arms detained.

Mkfdemcuftor.

BaiL

Juftices may, upon Information upon Oath, commit Dele* gttesy&c. and feize Books.

Bail.

Committed, to plead and pro. need to Trial

520 GEO. III.

and every Perfon prefent at, or aiding or abetting any fuch Aflem-blv, Meeting, Combination or Confederacy as aforefeia, or aiding or amfting in the getting together of any fuch Aflembly, Meeting, Combination or Co: fee!' racy as aforefaid, or aCting as a Secretary of or as a Del gate to or from any fuch AfTembly, Meeting, Combination or Confederacy as aforefaid, or who (hall knowingly be employed or concerned in the collecting or receiving or difburfing of any foch Sums of Money as aforefaid, for any fuch Purpofe as aforefaid, ftuE upon being convicted thereof be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor.

VIII.	And be it further cnaCted, That it (hall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, or for any Conftable, Peace Officer or other Perfon acting under the Warrant of any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, or acting with or in Aid of any Juftice of the Peaca or Magiftrate, or of any Conftable or other Peace Officer having fuch Warrant as aforefaid, to difperfe any fuch unlawful Affemoly or Meeting before mentioned, and to arreft and detain any Perfons prefent at or aiding, aflifting or abetting any fuch unlawful AfTembly or Meeting, and alfo any Perfon found carrying Arms is fuch manner and at luch times as to afford juft Grounds of Sufpkios that the fame are carried for Purpofes dangerous to the Public Peace; and it (hall be lawful for the Juitice oi the Peace or Magiftrate wh# (hall arreft any fuch Perfon, or before whom any Perfon arrefted upcs any fuch Warrant (hall be brought, to commit fuch Perfon for Trial for a Mifdemeanor under the Provisions of this ACt, unlefs fuch Perfon can and (hall give fufficient Bail for his Appearance at the oexi General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace, to anfwer to any Indidmeot which may be preferred againft him for any Offence againft this Ad.

IX.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall be lawful for ct Two Juftices of the Peace or Magiftrates, upon Information upas Oath by any One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, that any Perfon is, to the beft of the Knowledge or Belief of the Perfon gyring fuch Information, acting as a Secretary of or Delegate to or from any fuch unlawful Affembly or Meeting as aforefaid, or is employed or engaged or concerned in the receiving or collecting of any Contributions of Money, or difburfing of any fuch Money, for any unlawful Purpofe as aforefaid, or in Aid of any unlawful Affembly, Meeting, Combination or Confederacy as aforefaid, or has the Care and Custody of any fuch Money, or of the Books, Papers, Documents cr other Things relating to any fuch unlawful Affembly, Meeting, Combination or Confederacy, or containing any Accounts of icy fuch Money, to grant a Warrant for the Apprenenfion of any foci Perfon or Perfons, and for the feizing any fuch Books, Account*, Papers, Documents or other Things as aforefaid j and upon Examination had thereon, if he (hill fee Caufe to commit fuch Perfou to the Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the County, Riding, DiviGoc, City, Town or Place, for Trial thereon ; unlefs fuch Perfon can and (hall give fufficient Bail to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftices or Magiftrates for his Appearance to anfwer to any Indictment which may be preferred againft him for any fuch Offence under this Ad, a£ the enfuing General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace for fuch County, Riding, Divifion, City, Town or Place.

X.	And be it further enaCted, That every Perfon indicted for any Offence under this ACt, (hall forthwith plead to the Indictment, and Trial (hall proceed thereon at the Seffions of the Peace at which the

Indidmcft

VjOOQLC

A.D.1812.

G. 162.

5 20 GEO. III.

Jr5

Indiftment (hall be preferred againft him, unlefs the Court fhall, upon upon TndiAment

any fufiicient Ground, poftpone the pleading to fuch Jndiftment or found » or

fuch Trial; and then and in fuch cafe the Perfon indifted fhall remain

in Cuftody, unlefs fufiicient Bail fhall be given to the Satisfaction of bailed. •

the Court for his Appearance and anfwering to fuch Indictment at

the time appointed for the Pleading to or Trial thereof, without

further Notice.

XI.	And be it further enaftcd, That it fhall be lawful for any Jufticesmay di£ Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate, or for any Perfon afting under p<rfe unlawful any Warrant of any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, to order any Ademblu-*. Affembly confiding of Ten or more Perfons met together on any Common or Field, or any other open or inclofed Ground, in- the Night ; that is to fay, between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Evening and Six in the Morning, from the Firft Day of 0Bober :o the Firft Day of February, or between the Hours of Ten at Night md Four in the Morning, from the Firft Day of February to the Firft Day of Oftoler% which fuch Juftice of the Peace may fufpeft

0	be afTembled for any unlawful Purpofe, to difperfe; and if the Juf-ice of the Peace or Magiftrate, or the Perfon having fuch Warrant, ball not, upon the View of fuch Affembly or otherwife, be fatisfied hat fuch Perfons are afTembled upon Tome lawful Occafiou, and fhall

1	confequence thereof order fuch AfTembly to difperfe, and fuch ’erfons fhall not, upon fuch Order, difperfe, then and in fuch cafe jeh Affembly fhall be deemed an unlawful Affembly, and the Perms there remaining together after fuch Order may be arrefted and etafned, and dealt with as any Perfons found at any unlawful Meet-1 g may be dealt with under the Provifions of this Aft.

XII.	And be it further enaftcd, That all the Juftices of the Peace Juflicc^ofde-fting in and for the feveral Counties fpecificd in this Aft, or in any taclied,**. roclamation to be iffued under this Aft* or any Counties next ad- downiest*. hav* ining thereto, fhall have concurrent Jurifdiftion as Juftices of the	JlUll~

:race in all cafes as to the carrying into Execution the Provifions (juumjeS, this Aft, and as to all Matters and Things relating to the Pre-rvation of the Public Peace, as fully and effectually as if each of ch Juftices was in the Commiflion of the Peace of each of fuch >untics, and had duly qualified by Law to aft therein.

XIII.	And he it further cnafted. That it fhall be lawful for His What Perfons ajefty to appoint by any Comrniflion or Cotnmiffions under the Majeily cm-cat Seal of the United Kingdom, or under the Seal of the County latine of Lancajler, to be made out from time to time for that	C*	°

rpofe, any Perfon being the Son of any Peer or Lord of Parlia-nt, or of any Perfon having a Qualification to fit in Parliament, in Counties within the Provifions of this Aft, or either of them, or my County adjacent to any fuch County* although not the eldeft 1 or Heir Apparent, to be and aft as Juftices of the Peace in and the feveral Counties or Ridings fpecificd in this Aft, or which y hereafter be fpecified in any Proclamation under this Aft, or Counties or Ridings next adjoining thereto, for carrying into -cution the Provifions of this Aft, and the Prefervation of the ce in fuch Counties or Ridings during the Continuance of this

although fuch Perfon may not be duly qualified by Law in eCt of Property under any Aft of Parliament now in force ting to the Qualification of Juftices of the Peace to ad! as a Juf-of the Peace, and every fuch Comrniflion fhall ftate that the 52 Geo III.	3	N	Perfons



Google

9i 6

C.\6i.

5 2° GEO. IEL

A.D.i8i2«

Perfons appointed Juftices therein are fo appointed under the Pro-vifions of this Adi, and no fucli Commiflion (hail extend or be deemed or conftruid to extend to abrogate, annul or fuperfede, or in any manner to affed any other Commiflion or Commiflion* of the Peace which may be in force or may hereafter be iffued in or for any (ueb Oaths,	County	or	Counties, or Hiding or Ridings ; and all Perfons fo ap-

pointed (hall take all fuch Oaths as arc by Law required to be taken by any Ju ft ices of the Peace, except the Oath of Qualification as to Property ; and fuch Oaths may be taken before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Chief Juftice of His Majcfty’s Court of King's Bench, or the Chief Juftice of the Common rleas, or Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any Judge of any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at WcHm'inJler, or any Two Jufticcs of the Peace of the County or Riding, or any one of the Counties or Ridings for which any fuch Perfon (hall be appointed, (who are hereby ieverally and relpcdively authorized to adminifter the fame) and all Perfons fo appointed and having taken fuch Oaths as aforefaid (hall be and be deemed to be to all Intents and Purpofes Jullices of the Peace for the Counties or Ridings for which they (hall be fo appointed, without any further or other Qualification whatever, as fully and effe&uaUr to all Intents and Purpofes as if they were included in the general Commiflions of the Peace for the Counties or Ridings for which they are appointed, and were duly qualified, and had duly qualified according to Law to ad as Juftices of the Peace in fuch Counties or Ridings.

XIV. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace aflembled at any Special or General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace, to appoint any fuch Perfons as may appear to them to be fit and proper to be denominated Special Conliables for any Hundred or Hundreds, or Divifion or Divifions of any Count}, or for any Part of any Hundred or Divifion of any County, although the fame may conlift of feveral Parifties, Townfhips or Places; and all fuch Special Conftables (hall be fubjeti to the general Contrcul and Superintendence of the Chief Conftable of the Hundred or Divifiac for which they (hall be appointed to ad, provided that no Perk* (hall be appointed fuch Special Conltable as aforefaid without ha Confent.

Offenders in- XV. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this dieted if not pro- Ad contained (hall extend to prevent any Profecution by Indidmeat fecuted under or otherwife for any thing which (hall be an Offence within the A&r	Intent and Meaning of this Ad, and which might have been fo pro*

fecuted if this Ad had not been made, unlefs the Offender (hall have been profecuted for fuch Offence under this Ad, and convided or acquitted of fuch Offence; fave only that no Perfon (hall be profecuted under the Provilions of this Ad, for having been before the palling of this Ad a Member of any Affcmbly or Aifociation by thk Ad declared to be unlawful, if fuch Perfon (hall not in any manner have aded againft the Provifions of this Ad after the palling thereof: Perfons in Cuf- Provided always, that Nothing herein contained (hall extend to dii* tody, &c. at charge any Perfon in Cuftody at the palling of this Ad, or who pffin| At! liibl« having been in Cuftody (hall have been difeharged on Bail or Recog-lo Protecuuon. nuance, from any Profecution which might have been had againft fuch Perfon if this Ad had not been made.

XVI. And

Juftices to ip-point Special Conftables.



Google

52° GEO- in.

C. 162.	917

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That if any Pcrfon (hall know- Permitting un-ingly permit any Meeting of any Aflembly or Meeting hereby declared kwful Msetin&i. to be unlawful, or of any Divifion, Branch or Committee of fuch

Aflembly or Meeting, to be held in his or her Houfe or Apartment,

fuch Perfon (hall for the Firft Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, Penalty.

and (hall for any fuch Offence committed after the Date of his or

her Con vision for fuch Firft Offence, be deemed guilty of a Mif- Mifflemsanor.

demeanor.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for any Juftices on Oath

Two or more Juftices of the Peace acting for any County, Riding, of unlawful Divifion, .City, Town or Place, upon Evidence on Oath that any	If11!*

Sleeting of any Aflembly, Meeting or Affociation by this Ad de-

lared to be unlawful, or any Meeting for any unlawful Purpofe men- forfaited, ioned in this Ad, hath been held after the palling of this Ad at any loufe, Room or Place, licenfed for the Safe of Ale, Beer, Wine or Spirituous Liquors, to adjudge and declare the Licence or Licences or felling Ale, Beer, Wine or Spirituous Liquors granted to the *erfon or Perfons keeping fuch Houfe, Room or Place, to have been orfeited ; and the Perfon or Perfons fo keeping fuch Houfe, Room r Place, (hall from and after the Notice of luch Adjudication as forefaid, be fubjed and liable to all and every the Penalties and For-^itures for any Ad done after that Day, which fuch Perfon or Perms would be fubjed and liable to if fuch Licence or Licences had xpired or otherwife determined on that Day.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad, and all the A€t to extend to 'roviflons thereof, (hall extend to the feveral Counties of Chejler and certain Countier, *ancajler% and the Weft Riding of Yorkfb\re% and fuch other Coun- pl^?hcr®

es or Ridings in England as His Maiefty (hall from time to time, r mauoa* pon the Reprefentation made by any General Meeting of the Lieu-:»ancy of any County or Riding in confequence of any Difturbance icrein, by any Proclamation made by and with the Advice of his rivy Council, declare to be^fo difturbed as to make it neceffary that le r roviflons of this Ad (hould be enforced therein ; and .then and fuch cafe this Ad (hall be in full Force as to any fuch County or ounties or Ridings, from the Day fpecifled in any fuch Proclama-on, as if fuch County or Riding had been mentioned in this Ad.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it (hall be HisMujefty wful for His Majcfty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Coun- may alter Pro.

1,	by Proclamation, to declare that this Ad (hall be no longer in vifion* °*Adt rce in any Counties fpecifled in this Ad, or in any County to which e^Provifions of this Ad (hall have been extended by Pioclamation

aforefaid, and from and after the Period fpecifled in any fuch reclamation, the Powers of this Ad (hall no longer be in force in ch County: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall Provifo. event or be conftrued to extend to prevent His Majesty upon fuch eprefentation, and by fuch Advice as aforefaid, declaring by Pro-imation any fuch County to be again within the Powers of this d.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall continue in Continuance of :>rce until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight A6t. indred and thirteen, and no longer.

SNa

Google

C A ?.



A.D.iBiz

918

Ci tfj.

52* GEO. HI.

UHt Lyllli of

Prifonei* iu Cuftody.

CAP. CLXIII.

An A£l for the Relief of certain Infolveut Debtors in Ireland.

[29th July 1812.]

*	\ XTHEREAS it may be convenient in the prelent Condition

*	\\	of the Prifons and Gaols in that Part of the United Ktng-

*• dom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, that fome of the

*	Prifoners who are now confined therein ftiould be fet at Liberty Be it therefore enabled by the King’s Molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by

cooler? to make the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Adi, all and every Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon in any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, (hall and is and are hereby required to make a true, exadt and petfedl Lilt, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every rerfon or Perfons, who upon the Fifth Day of June One thoufaud eight hundred and twelve, was or were, or have fince continued to be under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every fuch Lift (hall be really aa actual Prifoner or Prifoners in the Cuftody of any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of fuch Prifon refpedtively, upon any Procefs whatfoever, for Or by reafon of any Debt, Damage, Coda, Sum or Sums of Mbney or Contempt for Non-payment of Money, and an Account of the time when luch Prifoner or Prifoners was or were ne-fpedtively charged in Cuftody or received in Prifon, together with the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons at whofe Suit or Pro-fecution fuch Prifoner or Prifoners is or are detained, together with the Artiount of fuch Debts as the faid Prifoner or Prifoners are detained for, and (hall deliver the fame to the Juftices of the Peace their Firlt or Second General Quarter Scffion or General Seffion of the Peace, to be held after the palling of this Adi, or at fome Adjournment thereof, for fuch County, City, Town, Place or Liberty i*efpcdlively.

Coolers to take II. And be it further enabled, That the Marfhal of the Fou: Oath nn delirer- Courts Marfhalfea, and every other Keeper and Gaoler of any other ing Lifts.	Prifon	in any Place or Liberty in Ireland, (hall fevcrally on the deli-

vering in of any fuch Lift of Prifoners in their refpective Cuftody, take an Oath in open Court of fuch General Quarter Seflion or General Seflion of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to the Effeft following ; that is to fay,

Od(h.	‘ J A* B. upon my corpral Oath, in the Prefence of Almighty God,

do folemnly fwear, profefs and declare, That all and every Perfon and Perfons whofe Name or Names is or are inferted and contained in the firft Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and fubferibed, was or were to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief, really, upon the Fifth Day of June One tboutand eight hundred ‘ and twelve, and truly Prifoners in a&ual Cuftody in the Prifon of [infert the Name of the Prifon] at the Suit or Suits of the feverai Perfoii or Perfons therein retpedlively mentioned ; and alfo that all and every Perfon or Perfons whofe Name or Names is or are inferted or contained in the Second Part of the faid Lift, now bv me delivered in and fubferibed as aforefaid, have fince the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufaud eight hundred and twelve been committed or

4 furren-



irrendered to the faid Prifon of [infert the Name of the Prifon"] at le Suit or Suits of the feveral Perfon or Perfons whofy Name or Fames is or are therein contained, was or were to the bcft of my knowledge and Belief really and truly Prifoners in adual Cuftody n the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and .velve, as appears by the Returns made tome on hjs and their ?fp^dive Commitments.	So	help	me GOD.*

uch the faid Juftices at their Firft or Second General Quarter Hon or General Seffion afcrefaid, or fome Adjournment thereof, hin their refpedive Jurifdidions, are hereby empowered and re-red to adminifter in open Court, and the Words of the faid Oath einbefore directed to be taken by the faid Marfhal and other eper or Gaoler of any Prifon refpedively lhali be entered or written Lhe End or Bottom of the Lift which (hall be delivered in by them pedtively, and (hall be fubferibed and fworn to by them refpeCtively open Court; and every fuch Lift which (hall be fo delivered in, feribed and fworn to in purfuance of this Ad, (hall be kept by Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Perfon ading as Clerk the Peace of every fuch County, City, Town, Place or Liberty pe£bively, in which any fuch Lilt as aforefaid (hall be fworn to, the better Satisfaction of the faid Juftices and Information of all any Prifoner or Prifoners therein named, and fo as the fame may m time to time be feen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, Prifoner or Prifoners, without Fee or Reward.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Keepers or ■ lolers of any fuch Prifon or Gaol, is and are hereby required Ten lys at lealt before the Firft or Second General Quarter Scfiion or :neral Sefiion of the Peace (hall be held after the paffiug of this Ad

* the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty in which any Prifon Gaol (hall be or to which the fame (hall belong, to fix up in fome nfpicuous Place or Places in every fuch Prifon or Gaol, and at the >ft frequented or ufual Gate. Door or Entrance into every fuch ifoil or Gaol, true Copies of the Lift or Lifts propofed or intended be delivered in by any fuch Keeper or Gaoler at the faid General jarter Sefiions or at fome Adjournment thereof.

IV.	And be it furl her enaded, That all and every Perfon and ?rfons who on the Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred d twelve were charged in any Prifon or Gaol for the Nonpayment

any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money which did not in e Whole amount to a greater Sum than Two thoufand Pounds, ,d whofc Name or Names (hall be inferted in airy fuch Lift to be divered in as aforefaid, taking the Oaths hereby directed to be ken, and who (hill perform on his or her Part what is required to f done by him or her by this Ad, (hall, as to his Perfon and Effe£ts fpedively, be for ever releafed, difeharged and exonerated, to fuch xtent and in fuch manner as is hereinafter provided, and no therwife.

V.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful >r any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of any County, City, Town, ‘lace or Liberty within this Kingdom, upon the Petition of any fuch ‘ ifoner or Prifoners, to any Juftice pr Juftices of the Peace within is-or their refpedtive Jurifdidions, upon every fuch Prifoner or Pri-aners fo petitioning, and at the time of his or her fo petitioning

3 N 3	leaving

vjiOOQIC

Oath adminifter -ed in open Court.

Lifts kept by Clerk oftbe Peace, and examined gran*.

Copies of I jilt fixed up ia Triton*, before Delivery t.» Selfions.

Prifoners for what Sum difehargsd.

Juftices may, on Prifoners delivering Schedules, illue Warrants to hring them to Quarter Sellioufc

920

A.D. i8i2.

Special Stflton.

Schedules tore-main with Clerk cf the ^eace.

Debton intend* inj to apply for Difchar«e to give Notice in Casettc.

C.163.

52° GEO. in.

leaving with the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace fo petkiooed a true Copy of the Schedule, containing his or her intended DiCcoverr of his or her Real and Perfonai Eft ate, to be fwom to at the Firft or Second General Quarter Seffion next enfuing after every foch Petition or fome Adjournment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or under their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers or Gaolers of any fuch Prifon within the Jurifdi&ion of any fucli Juftice or Juftices, to bring before the Juftices at the Firft or Second next General Quarter Seffion or General Seffion of the Peace, or fome Adjournment thereof, to be held as the cafe (hall happen to be next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Date of fuch Warrant, for fuch refpeCiive County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, the Body of any Perfon being in the faid Prifon as aforefaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainers, together with a Copy orCopies of the Caufe or Caufes which he, (he or they is or are charged with in any Prifon or Gaol as aforefaid, at the time afore-faid 5 for which Copy or Copies of fuch Caufe or Caufes fuch Pri-foner (hall apply to the faid Keeper or Gaoler of fuch Prifon, who (hall make out and transcribe the fame at lead Six Days before the time of his or her Appearance, which Warrant of every fuch Juftice or Juftices every fuen Sheriff and Sheriffs, Keeper or Gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

1 VI. And whereas coniiderable time may intervene between the € paffmg of this Ad and the next General Quarter Seffion or General V Seffion of the Peace, which would be the means of detaining in Pn-

•	fon a Number of Perfons who with their Families are in the greatei

*	Diftrefs ;* Be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the Juftices of the Peace for any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, upon Petition from Debtors as afore-faid, to affemble their refpedive Courts as foon as may be after paff-ing this Ad, for the Purpofe of adminiftering the Oaths and other the Matters required by this Ad, and to appoint fuch Day or Days for the Difcharge of Prifoners as they (hall (ee proper.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That the Copy of erery fuch Schedule which (hall be left or delivered in as aforelaid (hall be forthwith tranfmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer a&ing as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Tows, Place or Liberty in which the fame (hall have been fo left, there to remain and be mfpeded from time to time a6 Occafton (hall require, by any Creditor of any fuch Prifoner who (hall defire to infpett the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Debtor or Debtors confined in any Gaol of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, who (hall intend to apply to be difeharged and exonerated under this Ad, (hall firft caute public Notice to be infested m Three feveral Dublin Gazettes, previous to fuch General or Quarter Seffion or General Seffion, or the Adjournment thereof, at which fuch Application (hall be made; and if fuch Debtor (hall be in Cuf-tody in any Gaol out of Dublin or the County of Dublin, or (hall have moved himfelf by Habeas Corpus from one Gaol to another, tbet alfo in fome Newfpapcr in or near the County, City, Town or Liberty, in the Gaol whereof he or (he (hall be or have been fo in Cuftody, containing the Name, Trade, Occupation and Description, and the Two laft Places of Abode, if fo many, of every fuch Debtor and

^	5	Debtor*



*D. 1812.

52° GEO. III.

C.163.	921

‘btors, and the Prifon wherein he, (he or they is or are confined,

I	of his, her or their Intention to take the Benefit of this ACt, and ntioning fuch Notice in fuch Gazette or Newfpaper refpedively, to the Firft, Second or Third Notice, according to the time of pub-iin£ each of fuch Notices ; for the inferting each of the faid Noes in the Dublin Gazette, or in any other Newfpaper, there (hall

paid each time by every Prifoner the Sum of Four pence and no >re ; the Firft of which faid Notices (hall be fo inferted in the faid azettes refpeCtively, and in the faid other Newfpapors, as the cafe iy require, Twenty one Days at the leaft, and the la ft of the faid otices Six Days at the leaft, before any fuch Firft or Second Ge-ral Quarter Seflion or General Seffion or Adjournment thereof, ill be held as aforefaid, fo that as well ^11 the Creditors who have t charged the faid Debtor or Debtors in Cuftody, as thofe Cre-tors who have charged fuch Debtor or Debtors in Execution or Mcfne Procefs or otherwife, may have fufficient Notice thereof.

IX.	And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and fuffi-?nt time to confider the Matters and Things contained in the :hedulc or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or ebtors, be it further enacted. That every fuch Debtor where he or Debtor* to de-c (hall, according to the Directions of this ACt, publifh the Firft liver Schedules to otice of an Intention to take the Benefit of this ACt, he or (he (hall	i»rcv«nue

fuch Notice declare that the Schedule containing his or her in* to nded Difcovery of his or her Real and Pcrfonal Eftate, to be fwom > in manner as by this ACt is direCted, is lodged in the Hands of \e Keeper or Gaoler, or the Deputy of fuch Keeper or Gaoler of le Prifon wherein any fuch Debtor (hall be conhned; and every ich Debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver fuch Schedule j fuch Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy, as the -cafe may be, before he ull publifh fuch Firft Notice as aforefaid, figned with his or her own 'hriftian and Surname, to be attefted by any fuch Keeper, Gaoler

II	Deputy, and in cafe any Debtor (hall negleCt or refufe to deliver )ne fuch Schedule to fuch Keeper, Gaoler or*Deputy, prior to fuch fig Firft Notice to be given as aforefaid, he or (he, upon due Proof nade of fuch NegleCt to the Satisfaction of the Court to whicli fuch Debtor (hall make Application, (hall be remanded back to Prifon, here to remain until he or (he (hall have complied with the Direc-ions aforefaid ; and every fuch Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy is hereby lireCted and required to atteft the Signature of the Debtor’s Name :o fuch Schedule, and to receive the fame into his Cuftody and Charge, giving a Duplicate thereof to every fuch Debtor, with an Acknowledgement of his having received the Original, and he is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any fuch Schedule, figned by bimfelf, upon Requeft made to him by any Creditor for that Purpofe in Writing, fuch Copy to be delivered to the Creditor himfolf, or to fuch Perfon as he (hall appoint to receive the fame, within Three Days after Demand made.

X.	And be it further enaCted, That the Notices to be given by pormof Nu icr every Debtor in manner direCted by this Ad, (hall be to the Effect following; that is to fay,

4 I \}nfer* ^e Name, Taade, Occupation and Defer if tion, and Two 4 * lajl Placet of Abode, if fo many~\ now confined in \jnfert Name i of Prifon and County] and not being charged in Cuftody on the

3 N 4

‘ Fifth

922

A.D.iSi 2

Pi hors proving

Nt rices giveu lhail in open Couir deliver in Sch< duh-^and take Oa li.

Oath.

C.163,	520	GEO. HI.

*	Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, with 4 any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, exceeding in the

*	Whole the Sum of Two thoufand Pounds, do hereby give this V public Notice, that I intend to take the Benefit of an A£i paffcd

*	in the Fifty fecond Year of His prefcnt Majesty’s Reign, intituled

*	An A3 jor the Relief of certain Info/vent Debtors in Ireland, and I 4 do hereby give Notice, that a true and perfe& Schedule, containing 4 the Difcovery of all my Real and Perfonal Eftate hereafter to be 4 fworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any Creditor applying for 4 the fame to the Keeper or Gaoler, or his Deputy of the faid

*	Prifon.’

And every fuch Notice (hall be figned by the Debtor, and counter-figned by the Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy of luch Keeper or Gaoler of fuch Prifon.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That every fuch Debtor as afore -faid not being charged as aforefaid on the Fifth Day of Juste One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, in the Whole to a greater Amount than the Sum of Two thoufand Pounds, who fnali apply to the General or Quarter Seflion, or any Adjournment thereof, (hall, in cafe it (hall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the faid Three Gazettes and Newf-papers refpe&ively before mentioned, to the faid Juftices at any fuch Seflion or the Adjournment thereof, that fuch Notices were inferted in the Dublin Gazettes and other Newfpapers refpe&ively, as were required in manner aforefaid ; and that the Perfon or Perfons fo applying was or were actually a Prifoner or Prifoners on the Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve in the Piifoo or Gaol in which his, her or their Name or Names is or are fpecified in the Lift delivered in at fuch Firft or Second Seflion, or any Adjournment thereof, or in fome other Prifon or Prifons as aforefaid, in purfuance of this A6t ; and (hall in open Court at the faid General Quarter Seflion or General Seflion, or any Adjournment thereof, fubferibe and deliver in a true Schedule cr Account of all his or her Real Eftate in Pofleflion, Reverfion, Remainder or Expectancy, and of any other nature and kind whatfoever, and alfo the Whole of his or her Perfonal Eftate which he or (he or any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for him or her, or for his or her Ufe, Benefit or Advantage, is or are feifed of, interefted in or entitled to, or was or were in l.is, her or their Pofleflion, Cuftody or Power, or which he, (he or they, or fuch Perfon or Perfons had any Power of difpofing of or charging for his, her or their Benefit or Advantage at any time fince his or her Commitment to Prifon, with the Names of his or her feveral Debtors, and where they refpeftively live or may be met with, and the feveral Sums of Money from them refpe&ively owing, and how the fame refpe&ively became due and are fecured, and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note or other Writing, then the Name and Names, and Places of Abode of the feveral Witnefles who can prove fuch .Debts 01 CoutVa6ts (if there be any fuch), and fhall alfo make Oath and fwcar to the following EfFeft, according to the fpccial Circum-ilai ces, fo far as the fame (hall be confident with the Provifions hereinafter contained ; that is to fay,

4 T A. B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Prefence of Almighty God,

4 do folemnly fwcar, proteft and declare, That on the Fifth Day

4 of

 .

52°GEO. III.	C. 163.	923

of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, I was really and truly a Prifoner in the adtual Cuftody of	in	the

Prilon or Gaol of	at	the	Suit	of

without any Fraud or Collufion whatfoever, and that I have ever lince my Commitment continued a Prifoner within the Prifon of in the actual Cuftody of the Keeper or Gaoler of the faid Prifon of	without	any Fraud or Collu-

Goa whatfoever 5 and that the Schedule now delivered by me and fubferibed doth coniaio to the bed of my Knowledge, Remembrance and Belief a full, juft, true and pcrfedl Account and Dif-:overy of all the Goods, Effedts and Eftates, Real and Perfonal, n PofTeffion, Reverfion, Remainder or Expectancy, and of every jther nature and kind whatfoever, which for any Perfon in Truft.

:or me or for my Benefit or Advantage are feized or poflefled of, nterefted in or entitled to, or was or were in my PofTeffion, Cuftody )r Power, or in the PofTeffion, Cuftody or Power of any fuch Per-on as aforefaid, or which I or luch Perfon had any Power of dif->ofing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage at any time ince my Commitment to Prifon, and of all Debts to me owing,

>r to any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for me, and of all the Securi-ies and Contracts whereby any Money now is or will or may here-fter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to le or to my Ufe, or to any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for me, and he Names and Places of Abode of the feveral Perfons from whom uch Debts are due and owing, and of the WitnefTes that can prove ach Debts or Contracts [ifany fuch there and that neither I, or any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for me or for my Ufe, have any ^ands, Money, Stock or any Eftate Real or Perlonal, in Poflef-on, Reverfion, Remainder or Expedtancy, or of any nature or ind foever, or Power of difpofing of or charging for any Benefit r Advantage other than what are in the faid Schedule contained, xcept Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myfelf and Family, forking Tools and the neceflary Implements for my Occupation nd Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding Five ‘ounds, and thefe in the Whole not exceeding the Value of Thirty ounds ; and that I have not nor any Perfon for me hath diredtly r indire&ly fold, leflened or otherwife conveyed, difpofed of in Yuli, or concealed all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, hattels. Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts or Eftates, Real or erfonal, whereby to fecure the fame, or to receive or expedfc any rofit or Advantage therefrom, or with an Intent to defraud or, feeive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am or was indebted . any wife bowfoever.	So	help	me	GOD.’

1 the faid Schedule and Oath fhall be by every fuch Debtor fub- Schedule and jed in the Prefence of the Juftices in open Seffion of the Peace Oath fubferibed ereby diredted, and fhall be kept by and remain with the Clerk by Debtors, he Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer adling as Clerk of the ce for the County, City, Liberty, Town pr Place where the fame I be fubferibed and taken, for the better Information of all the' ditors of fuch Debtors, who fhall defire or may have Occafion to rt thereto, and every fuch Creditor fhall be at Liberty at feafon- % times in the Daytime to perufe and examine the fame.

XII. And



A.D.i8i3.

Court at Requeft of Creditor may examine Gaolers on Oath.

Eftatcs, ftc. of Debtor dif-eharged veiled in Clerk of the Peace to be aftigned to fuch Creditors as Court Dull dired hi Trull.

€.163.	51#GEO.	III.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Juft ice* of the Peace

within their refpedive Jurifdi&ions at any fuch General Quarter Seffion* or General Seffion or Adjournment thereof, at the Requdt of any Creditor or Creditors of any fuch Debtor, are hereby authorized to caufe the Marlhal of the Four Courts Marlhalfea or fass Deputy, or any other Under Officer, Tipftaff and Turnkey of any Prifon or Gaol, and any other Perfon within their refpedive Jurif-didions, to come before them and to examine them refpedively oc Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths preferibed by this Ad to be taken and the Truths thereof; and if the Oath which (hall have been taken in open Court by any Debtor or Debtors, fhall not be difproved by good Teftinaony of any credible Perfon or Perfons on Oath ; and fuch Jtifticcs, or the major Part cf them, prefent at any fuch General Quarter Seffion or General Seffioa or any Adjournment thereof, (hall be fatisfied with the Truth of lie Oath taken by fuch refpedive Debtor, then fuch Juftices fhaTi ia fuch Seffion or fome Adjournment thereof, adjudge fuch Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, and (hall order the faid Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of fuch Prifon or Prifons forthwith to fet at Liberty fuch Prifoner or Prifoners; and everjr fuch Order (hall be fufficient Dtf-charge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers* Gaoler or Gaolers of fuch Prifon or Prifons, and (hall indemnify him or then again ft any Efcape or Efcapes, Adion or Adions whatsoever for Eicape, which lhall or may be brought, commenced or profecoted againft him or them.

XIII And be it further ena&ed, That all the Elftate, Right, Title, Intereft and Trull of fuch Debtor, of, in and unto all the Real Eftate, and to all the Perfonal Eftate, Debts and Effeds of every fuch Debtor, (hall immediately after fuch Adjudication be and the fame is hereby vefted in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer ading as Clerk of the Peace of and for the County, City, Town Corporate, Liberty or Place where any Debtor fttall be refpe&ively difeharged; and every fuch Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer a&ing as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby dirc&ed and required to make an Affignmeut and Conveyance of every fuch Debtor’s Eftate and Effeds vefted in fuch Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer ading as Clerk of the Peace as afore-faid, to fuch Creditor or Creditors of the faid Debtor, as the Juftkes at any General or Quarter Seffion of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which (hall be held by them within their refpedive Jurifdidions, (hall order and dired, which Affignment and Conveyance (hall be good and effedual in the Law to all Iutents and Pur-pofes whatfoever, without being wrote on Parchment or Paper damped, to veft the Eftates thereby affigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the fame (hall be fo affigned aud conveyed, his, her and their Heirs, Executors, Adminillrators and Affigns, according to the Eftate and Intereft the Debtor had therein; aud every Tuck Affignment and Conveyance (hall be in Truft for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every fuch Debtor to whom the fame (hall be made, and the reft of the Creditors of every fuch Debtor, in refped of or in Proportion to their refpedive Debts 5 and every Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Affignment and Conveyance as aforefud lhall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to fue from time

to

v^ooQle

A.D.1812.

52® GEO. m.

C.163.

925

to time, as there may be Occafion, in his, her or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery and attaining any Eftate or Effe&s of any filch Debtor* and alfo to execute any Truft or Power veiled in or created for the Ufe or Benefit of any fuch Debtor, but in Truft for the Benefit of him or them and the reft of the Creditors of every fuch Debtor, and to give fuch Difcharge and Difcharges to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall refpe&ively be indebted to fuch Debtor as may be requifitc; and every fuch Affignee or Aflignees (hall with all convenient Speed, after his or their accepting fuch Aflignment or Conveyance, ufe his and their beft Endeavours to receive and get in the Eftate and Effe&s of every fuch Debtor, and (hall with all eonver nient Speed make Sale of all the Eftates of fuch Debtor veiled in fuch Affignee or Aflignees; and if fuch Debtor (hall be interefted in or entitled to any Real Eftate, either in Poflcffion, Reverfion or Expe&ancy, the fame, within the Space of Two Months after fuch Aflignment and Conveyance, (hall be fold by Publick Au&ion, in fuch manner and at fuch Place as the major Part of the Creditors of any fuch Debtor who (hall aflemble together on any Notice in Writing pubii(hed in the Dublin Gazette, or in fome Daily Paper printed and publi(hed at Dublin, and if elfewhere, then in fome Newfpaper which (hall be publiflied in or near the County, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which fuch Debtor dwelled before he or (he was commits ted to Prifon Thirty Days before any fuch Sale (hall be made, (hall under his Hand or their Hands agree on 5 and every fuch Affignee or Aflignees, at the End of Three Months at fartheft, from the time of his or their accepting any fuch Aflignment or Conveyance as aforefaid, fhall make a fair and juft Dividend of all fuch Debtor’s Eftate and EfFe&s which (hall have been then recovered amongft his or her Creditors, in Proportion and in regard to each Creditor’s refpedfcive Debt; but before any fuch Dividend (hall be made, fuch Affignee or Aflignees (hall make up an Account of fuch Debtor’s Eftate, and make Oath in Writing before One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace in which any inch Debtor (hall have been difeharged, that every fuch Account contains a fair and juft Account of the Eftate and Effects of every fuch Debtor got in by or for fuch Affignee or Aflignees, and of all Payments made in refpeCt thereof, and that all Payments in every fuch Account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and Notice of the making of every fuch Dividend fhall be publiflied in like manner as a Meeting of the Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be publiflied. Thirty Days at lead before the fame (hall be made ; and no Creditor (hall be allowed to receive any Share of fuch Dividend until he (hall have made out the Juftnefs and Identity of his Debt by Oath or due Proof in Writing before fome fuch Juftice or Juftices; and if any Creditor of fuch Debtor (hall be diflatisfied with the Reality or Fairoefs of any Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the fame, at the Requeft of any fuch Creditor or Creditors (o diflatisfied, (hall be examined into by the Juftices of the County, City, Liberty or Place in which fuch Debtor fhall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the Benefit of this A61, at the next General Quarter Seffion, or fome Adjournment thereof.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Affignee or Aflignees of the Eftate and Effe&s of any Prifoner difeharged by virtue of this A&, or the Heirs, Executors or Admviiftrators of any

deceafed

LjOOQLC

A%nees to get in Dehtor’a Effeas,

ami to make Dividends.

Notice of making Dividends giveifc

Aflignees or Heirs not delivering over Effe&s, or Balance arretted.

A.D.i8i2«

92 6

C.163.

52° GEO. III.

Creditors for Annuities payable at tuture time to receive Dividencjs as un der Commiffion of Bankruptcy.

Eflate* of Debt-ers not inferted in Schedule veiled in Clerk of the Peace.

Holders of Securities without Confident ion not entitled to Benefit.

Eflates to veil in Clerk of the Peace for time being.

deceafcd Afiignce or Affignees, (hall not deliver over any Part of fech Eflate or Eficfts, or pay the Balance of the Produce of any fuch Eflate or EfFefts found to be in the Hands of fuch Affignee or Affignees, or of fuch Heirs, Executors or Adminillrators as afore-faid, according to the Tenor of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the Court before which the Prifoner was difeharged, to order the Perfon or Pcrfons fo offending to be arrefled and committed to the next County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall have fulfilled the Duty required by the Aft, or until fuch Court (hall make x>ther Order to the contrary.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any Debtor who fhall be difeharged by virtue of this Aft, for any Sum or Sums of Money payable by way of Indemnity or otherwife at any future time or times, by virtue of any Bond, Covenants or other Securities of any nature whatioever, may be and fhall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, and may and fhall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Eflate of fuch Debtor, in luch manner and upon fuch Terms and Conditions as fuch Creditor or Citditors would have been en-titled unto by the Laws now in force, if fuch Debtor had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their refpeftive Securities, otherwife than as the fame would have been affefted by a Proof made in refpeft thereof by the Creditor under a CommifTion of Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under fuch Com-miffion.

XVI.	And, to the Intent that no Lofs may arife to any Creditor or Creditors, from any Negleft or Omiffiun in the Schedule not containing the whole of the Eflate Real or Perfonal belonging to any Debtor who fhall apply for his or her Difcharge under the Authority of this Aft, be it enafted, That all the Eflates, whether Real or Perfonal, which fhall belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and of which he, (he or they fhall be aftually pofiefTed or entitled unto at the time of making fuch Schedule, fhall be deemed and takes to be Part of the Eflate contained in fuch Schedule though not inferted therein ; and fhall in like manner become vefled in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer a6ting as fuch, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been contained in fuch Schedule, and had been delivered into the Court according to the Direftions of this Aft-

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That no Perfon holding any Security whatfoever, for which fuch Debtor never received any valuable Confideration, fhall be entitled to receive any Benefit from the Eflate of fuch Debtor, unlefs the Perfon holding fuch Security fhall make it appear to the Satisfaftion of the Juflices at fome General Quarter Seffion or Adjournment thereof, that he or fhe became pofTefied of the fame bona Jide and for good or valuable Confideration.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That in cafe of the Death or Removal of any Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer afting as Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid, in whom the Eflate, Right, Title, Interdl or Trufl of any Debtor or Debtors fhall Have vetted by the Authority of this Aft, every fuch Eflate, Right, Title, Interefl and Trufl fhall become vefled in the Socceffor or Succeffors to every fuch Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer afting



Google

LD.1812.

9*7

520 GEO. III.	C.163.

is Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid Tefpedively, as the cafe may be, to ill Intents and Purpofes whatfoever under the Provinons of this Ad.

XIX.	Provided further, and be it alfo enaded, That no Suit in Equity (hall be commenced by any Aflignee or Aflignees of any fuch Debtor or Debtors* Eftate and Effects, without the Confent of the najor Part in Value of the Creditors of fuch Debtor, who (hall meet ogether purfuant to a Notice to be given at lead Ten Days before nch Meeting, in the Dublin Gazette or other Newfpaper which (hall e publifhed in the Neighbourhood of the lad Rendence of fuch Debtor or Debtors for that Purpofe.

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That nothing in his Ad fhall extend, or be conftrued to hinder or prevent any Mortage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens upon the Eftate of fuch Debtor r Debtors, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, \nemcnts or Hereditaments, or Perfonal Eftate or Effeds com-rifed in or charged or afleded by fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, ’harges or Liens refpedively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, tatute Merchant, Recognizance or Judgment, acknowledged by or btained againfl any fuch Debtor or Debtors, to take place upon the .ands, Tenements or Real Eftates of fuch Debtor or Debtors ; and Ifo where any lnquifition (hall have been taken upon any fuch Sta-lte or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution (hall have been taken ut and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any fuch Judg-ient, before fuch Difcharge (hall be given in open Seffion to any ich Debtor as aforefaid, the Perfonal Eftate of any fuch Debtor •fpedively (hall be lubjed thereto, in the firft place, for fo much i (hall remain due upon fuch Mortgage, Charge, Lien, Statute, .ecognizance or Judgment refpedively, in like manner as fuch Mort-agees and Perfons having fuch Charges or Liens, and Creditors by latute, Recognizance or Judgment, who have been preferred to hers, Creditors of an inferior Nature, againft the Real or Perfonal ftate of fuch Debtor or Debtors refpedively if this Ad had not en made ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof any wife notwithllanding.

‘ XXI. And whereas many Perfons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this A6t arefeifed and po defied of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to hold to fuch Debtors for the Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leafcs and taking Fines, referving fmall Rents on fuch Eftates for One, Two or Three Lives in Pofleffion or Reverfion, or for fome Number of Years determinable upon Lives, or have Powers over Real or Pcr-fonal Eftate, which fuch Debtors could execute for their own Advantage, and which faid Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of fuch Debtors ;* Be it therefore enaded t the Authority aforefaid, That in every fuch cafe all and every e PowerB of leafing fuch Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, d all fuch other Power* as aforefaid over Real or Perfonal Eftate, hich are or (hall be veiled in any fuch Prifoner or Prifoners as afore-id, (hall be and are hereby veiled in the Aflignee or Aflignees of the eal and Perfonal Eftate of fuch Prifoner by virtue of this Ad, to by fuch Aflignee or Aflignees executed for the Benefit of all and ery the Creditors of fuch Prifoners as aforefaid.

XXII. And be it further enaded, That the Juftices at any Gene-I or Quarter Seflions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to

which



Google

No Suit in Law or Equity without Confent of Majority of Creditors.

Mortgages to take place of Cl.ums of an inferior nature.

Power of leafing Lands, kc, veiled in Alfignees.

Gaoler on Rt-queft of Creditor lwom.

j>2t	0.163.	52*	GEO.	HI.	A.D.	1812.

Oath.

If Perfon delivering in Lift was not Gaoler on 5th June x8n, to take following Oath.

Oath

which any fuch Prifoner (hall be brought in purfuance of this Aft (hall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any fuch Prifoner or Prifoner8 who (hall oppofe his or her Difcharge, adminifter and give to the Keeper or Gaoler of any fuch Prifon or Gaol at the time of bringing up any fuch Prifoner in order to be difcharged under thi» Ad, an Oath to the Effect following ; that is to fay,

4 T	do	fwear, That

•	was really and truly a Prifoner in my Cuflody in the Prifon of

4	or	in	Cuflody in fome other Prifon [as

4 the cafe may be] to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, *t or upon

•	the Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, ami 4 that the Copy or Copies of the Caufe or Caufes of his [or, her]

4 Commitment or Detainer now by me brought, with the Body of the

•	faid	and produced to the faid Court,

•	is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Caufe or Caufes of fuch

•	Commitment or Detainer, without any Fraud or Deceit by me or

•	any other Perfon whatfoever, to the bed of my Knowledge aad

4 Belief.	So	help me GOD.*

And if any Perfon who was a Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any fuch Prifon or Gaol on the faid Fifth Day of Jum One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, or (ince, (hall not happes to be the Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any fuck Prifon or Gaol at the time any fuch Lid as aforefaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Judices at any fuch SefBons, or at wy Adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to adminider and give to the refpedlive Perfon or Perfons who (hall be Keeper of Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, of any fuch Prifon or Gaol, and deliver in fuch Lid as aforefaid at any fuch General or Quarter Seflions, or any Adjournment thereof, an Oath touching the Commitments or Books of Commitment of any fuch Prifou or Gaol, to the Effed. following ; that is to fay,

4 J	do fwear. That I have examreed

4 the Commitments or Books kept of or concerning the Commit-4 ments of Prifoners to the Prifon of	and that I

4 do verily believe that the faid Commitments or Books of Commit-4 ment are really true and not fi&itious, nor calculated for this Pur-4 pofe; and by them it doth appear that	was,

4 on the Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve,

4 really and truly a Prifoner in the a&ual Cuflody of 4 the then Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of the 4 faid Prifon or Gaol, [or, other Prifon, as the cafe may he J without 4 Fraud or Deceit by me or ariy other Perfon or Perfons to my Know-4 ledge and Belief.	So	help me GOD/

Debtors di£» XXIII. And be it further ena&ed, That no Perfons entitled to charged notliable the Benefit of this Adi (hall at any time hereafter be imprifoned by rea^on *”7 Judgment or Decree obtained for Non-payment of to 5th June*101 Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts for Nob-payment 01 Money, Cods, Sum or Sum9 of Money contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing or growing due before the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve 5 but that upos every Arred upon every Judgment or fuch Decree, or for fuch Debu, Damages, Contempts, Colts, Sum and Sums of Money, it (h&Uaod

nay

1





929

520 GEO. III.	C.163.

r be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Procefs iflued, or any Two Juftices of the Peace, upon (hewing the Copy of the Lcr of Adjudication as aforefaid, to releafe ana difcharge out of lody fuch Prifoners as aforefaid, and at the fame time to order Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Suit or Suits to pay fuch Prifoner Prifoners the Colls he, (he or they (hall have incurred on fuch :alion, or fo much thereof as to fuch Judge or Juftices (hall feem and reafonable; and every fuch Judge is hereby empowered fo dc* on fuch Prifoners caufing a Common Appearance to be cred for him on every fuch Action or Suit.

XXIV.	And whereas under former Ads of this kind, Doubts are arifen what was to be done with fuch Prifoners who applied t any Seflion to be difeharged, who owed and ftood charged with Jebts as well previous as fubfequent to the Day limited by the *e-pe6tive Ads y to remedy which, be it therefore enaded, That no I’rifonersnot «tlf-ifoner or Prifoners (hall be difeharged of any Debts incurred fubfe- charged of Debts ent to the Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fubfequent» elve 5 and if it (hall appear to the Juftices at any Seflion or Ad- 'u11*1*1** iroment, that any Prifoner or Prifoners then applying to them to difeharged, (hall (land charged as well with Debts previous to as

bfequent to the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hun-ed and twelve, that in fuch caies it (hall and may be lawful to and r the Juftices to difcharge the Perfon of fuch Prifoner on account all Debts incurred previous to the faid Fifth Day of June One oufand eight hundred and twelve, and to remand him or her back to le Cuftddy of the Keeper of the Prifon from whence he or (he was ■ought, for all Debts which he or (he (lands charged with in his uftody incurred fubfequent to the faid Fifth Day of June One toufand eight hundred and twelve.

XXV.	And be it farther enabled, That if any Aftion of Efcape, General Ifliiew r any Suit or Aftion be brought againfl any Juftice or Juftices of the

‘eace, Sheriff, Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon, for performing their )ffice in purfuance of this Act, they may plead the General Iffue, nd give this Aft in Evidence, and if* the Plaintiff be nonfuited or dif* ontinue his Aftion, or Verdift pafs againft him or Judgment upon demurrer, the Defendant (hall have Treble Cofts.	Treble Cfts.

XXVI.	And be it further cnafted. That if any Scire Facias or may be \ftion of Debt or upon Judgment (hall be brought againft any Pri- pleaded generally oner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, upon any ®y Priloiurs. fudgment obtained againft any fuch Prifoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her before the faid Fifth

Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, with refpeft :o Prifoners in a&ual Cuftody on the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch Prifoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, to plead generally that fuch Prifoner was aftually a Prifoner in fuch Prifon or in fame other Prifon at fuch a Person's Suit, on the Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and was or were duly difeharged according to this Aft, at the General Quarter Seflion or General Seflion or Adjournment thereof, held at fuch Time and Place for fuch County, Liberty, City, Town or Place (as his, or her or their cafe is) without pleading any Matter fpecially ; and in cafe any other Suit or A6tion (hall be commenced againft him, her or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money due before

the



AJ).i8i2.

Treble Cnfts. A£l not to extend to Attor-n»e» or Servant* embezzling Money ;

Nor to Perfons obtaining Monty on falte Pre-tenets. ;

Nor to Prifonerz remanded to Pri-fon under Infol-verit A&y for fraudulently obtaining Money, Jtc.

c.irf3.	520	geo. nr.

the Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, to plead in difeharge of his or her Perfon from Execution fover asd above fuch Matters as aforefaid) that fuch Debt or Sum of Monet

ias the cafe fhall happen) was contracted or due before the Fifth )ay of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, without pleading any other Matter fpecially, whereto the Plaintiff flxa.il or stay reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforefaid, or reply j any other Matter or Thing which may (hew the faid Defendant not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Aft, or not duly difeharged according to it, in the fame manner as the Plaintiff might hate re-	|

plied in cafe the Defendant had pleaded this Adt, and his Difeharge ' by virtue of this Aft fpecially ; and if the Plaintiff be nonfuited, dti-continue his Aftion, or Vcrdift pafs againft him or Judgment or Demurrer, the Defendant to have Treble Cofts : Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to releafe or difeharge any Attorney at Daw, Solicitor or icy other Perfon or Perfons afting or pretending to aft as fuch,with regard to any Debt with which he or they fhall ftand charged for any Money or other Effects recovered and received by him or them, for the Ufe of any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Corporate or Politic, ar.d by acy Attorney, Solicitor or other Perfon or Perfons afting as fuch, embezzled, concealed or converted to his or their awn Ufe, or to refeafe or difeharge any Servant or Agent, or any other Perfon or Perfuse employed or entrafted as fuch with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, fhc or they fhall Hand charged for or orr account of any Money, Goods or other Effefts received or poffeffed by him, her or them, for the Ufe and on account of his, her or their Matter or Matters, or Employers, and by fuch Servaut or Agent cmbezzkd, concealed or converted to his, her or their own Ufe ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any .wife notwithftan&ng.

* XXVII. And whereas many evil difpoled Perfons, to fuppoit * their profligate way of Life, have by various fubtile Stratngens,

* Threats and Devices, fraudulently obtained divers Sums of Money,

* Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Brllsof Exchange, PromilTorr * Notes or other Securities for Money, to the great Injury of induf-* trious Families, and to the manifeft Prejudice of Trade and Credit f Be it enafted, That no Prifoner who, knowingly and defigoedly by falfe Pretence or Pretences, fhall have obtained from any Perfon or Perfons, Monies, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Bonds, Bills of £x-change, Promiflbry Notes or other Securities for Money, fhall have or receive any Benefit or Difeharge by or under this Aft ; but tbe Jufticcs at any General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace, or any I Adjournment thereof, before whom any fuch Prifoners fhall be J brought, upon due Proof of the Matter made to their Satisfa&ion, fhall remand fuch Prifoners to the Cuftody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prifon from whence he or fhe fhall have been brought; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	1

' XXVIII. Provided always, That no Prifoner who fhall have been remanded to Prifon under any Aft heretofore patted for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Money, Goods or Securities for Money on falfe Pretences, or for having fecretlyor fraudulently removed Stock, Cattle or other Effefts, which were lub-j£ft or liable to be detained for Rent, or who fhall have loft or forfeited the Benefit of any fuch former Aft, by having made any fiiu-13	duleut



D- 1812.

s 2' GEO. IIL

C. 1^3.	J>31

^nt Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Alignment, fince his or her :>rifonment, to the Prejudice of the fair andhoneft Creditor, or who 1 have obtained a Difcharge under fuch former Ad fraudulently, fhali have taken an Oath under fuch Ad, any Part of which Was true, (hall have or receive any Benefit or Difcharge by or under ; Ad ; but the Juftices at any General or other Sefuon of the ce, or any Adjournment thereof, before whom any fuch Prifoner 1 be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter made to their Satis-ion, (hall remand fuch Prifoner to the Cuftody of the Gaoler or ?per of the Prifon, from which he or (he (hall have been brought;

thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding: Pro- Nor to Perfon* ed alfo, that no Perfon charged in Execution for Damages reco- charged in Exe-ed in any Adion for Criminal Converfation with the Wife of the cut,c,nfor Da-intiff in iuch Adion, or in any Adion for feducing or carnally "nX&ionfor** >\ving the Daughter or Female Servant of the Plaintiff, or in any Criminal Con* ^ion for a malicious Profecution, or in any Adion for any other verfation, &c. licious Injury, (hall have any Benefit under this Ad, except cmly in es where the Plaintiff in inch Actions refpedively fhaH be dead,

1 no Perfon (hall have obtained Pr.obate of the Will or Letters of Lminiftration of the Effeds of fuch Plaintiff within Twelve Months er the Deceafe of fuch Plaintiff.

XXIX. And whereas many Debtors for Rents of Land, Mef-iiages, Houfes and other Premifes have, with fraudulent Intent to lifappoint the Right of their refpedive Landlords, removed the stock. Cattle, Furniture, Goods or other F.ffeds which were fubr ed and liable to be diftrained for the Salisfadion of the faid Rents;’ it therefore enaded, That no Prifoner or Prifoners who in a Nor to Perfon# ret, clandeftine or fraudulent manner, (hall have removed or caufed removing Effect# be removed within Six Years any fuch Stock, Cattle, Furniture, of Value of zol. >ods or Effects of the Value of Twenty Pounds or upwards, which J,a^e l.°f Cn,f' re fubjed or liable to be diftrained by their refpedive Landlord or ra,UC °r * mdlords, for or in Payment of fuch Rent or Rents, whereby fuch andlord or Landlords (hall have loft all or fome Part of the Rent or ents due to him, her or them as aforefaid, (hall be difeharged by or ider this Ad, but (hall, on due Proof of the Matter as aforefaid, remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned ; any thing hcreinbe-re contained to the contrary notwithftanding ; provided fuch Proof all be thereof made as is hereinbefore required upon Objediojis or xceptions to be made under this prefent Ad.

‘ XXX. And whereas many Debtors have, with a View to defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed or afligned their Eftate and Effeds to fome Perfon or Perfons, fubfeqnent to their being in Cuftody of Law or imprisoned under fome Procefs for Debt: And whereas fuch Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Alignment hath been fraudulently made to the infinite Prejudice of the fair and honcll Creditor, though fufficient Proof could not be obtained to convid the Party of a fraudulent Defign Be it enaded, Nor to Perfon# hat whenever it (hall be proved by One or more credible Witnefs filing, Stc, Hf-r Witneffes to the Satisfaction of the Court to which any Prifoner	^

lallbe brought up in order to obtain his or her Difcharge, that ich Prifoner has fold, transferred, conveyed or afligned to any Per->n or Perfons all or any Part of his Eftate or Effects fubfequent to ie time of his Imprifonment without juft Caufe for fo doing, to be (lowed by the Juuices prefiding in fuch Court as aforefaid, every

p Geo. III.

3o

93 »

A.D. 1812.

Debtor* refufing to difcovcr Trade, &c. of Peribn at whofe Suit detained, excluded Benefit of Aft.

Prifoners in Cuftody for Prifon Fee* difdurged.

Prifoners in Cuftody for Contempt of Court, & c. difcharged.

Aft not to extend to Debt ors Of Crown or Offenders.

C. i<?3.	52°	GEO.	IIL

fuch Debtor (ball lofe all the Benefits and Advantages that be might have otherwife claimed under the Authority of this Adt, and fhall not be entitled to hjs or her Difcharge, and every fuch Sale, Trans-fer, Convey : nee or Affignment is hereby declared null and void

XXXI.	And be it further enadled, That if any Debtor being thereunto required by any Creditors, flrall refufe to difeover and declare the Trade or Occupation, aud Habitation or laft Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons at whofe Suit he or (he is or was detained or charged in Cuftody, or if any Prifoner being called for, and defired by any Creditor or Creditors to come to the Lodge of the Prifon in which any fuch Prifoner (hall be confined., (hall refufe to come, without fome reafonable Caufe being made appear to the contrary, every fuch Debtor, upon Proof being made thereof before the Jultices at any General or Quarter Sefiion of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforefaid, (hall not have or receive any Benefit or Difcharge by or under this A6t; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XXXII.	And be it further enadled, That all Debtors and others who were in Prifon on or before the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain for not paying their Fees, Rent or other Demands die or claimed as due to the Keeper or Keepers of any Prifon refpec-tively, or to any other Officer of fuch Prifon, and upon no other ac* count, (hall be difeharged therefrom, he, (he or they taking the Oath by this Ad required to be taken by Prifoners.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadled, That all Perfons committed by any Courts of Law or Equity for Contempt in not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid, or for not paying of Cods duly aad regularly ordered to be taxed and allowed by the proper Officer after proper Demand made for that Purpofe, or upon any Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Procefs for or grounded on the Noa Payment of Money, Cofts or Expences in any Caufe or Proceedings in any Ecclefiaftical Court, or for Contempt of fuch Court relating thereto, and who were in Cuftody on the Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and have ever fince continued, and now are in Cuftody for the fame, (hall be entitled to all the Be* nefits aud Provifions of this Adi, fubjcdl to the fame Terms, Conditions and Reftridtions, as are herein expreffed and declared with refpedl to Prifoners for Debt only.

AXXIV. Provided always, aod it is hereby further enadled, That this Adi (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend to difcharge any Prifoner feeking the Benefit of this Adi, with refpedt to any Debt or Penalty with which he or (he (hall (land charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Perfon for any Offence committed againft aay Adi or Adis of Parliament relative to His Majesty’s Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Perfon profecuted for any Offence committed agaioi any Adi or Adis of Parliament relative to His Majesty’g faid Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Public Revenue, unlefs any Three of the Lords Com-miffioners of Hjs Majefly*s Treafury for the time being (hall certify their Confect under their Hands to the faid Juftices at their laid

Seffioof



933

\.D. 1812.	520	GEO. III.	C.	163.

Sefiions or Adjournment thereof, for the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner is afnrefaid.

* XXXV. And whereas under former Ads, Creditors have been put to great Expence and Trouble m attending every Seffion and Adjournment during the whole Continuance of this Ad, to oppofe the Difcharge of Debtors clearly excluded from any Benefit under the faid refpedive Ads, but who, having been before one Seffion ’ and refufed a Difcharge, to harafs their Creditors, conftantly gave freffi Notices for each fubfequent Seffion and Adjournment of their intended Application to be difeharged ;’ to remedy which, be it fur-ier ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That in all cafes whatever Detennination le Determination of the Jullices in Seffion or Adjournment (hall be ©f Juftices final, nal to all Intents and Purpofes, unlefs otherwife ordered and com- unlefs Debtor landed by His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench in Ireland, by His r,d of 0b* fajefty’s Writ of Mandamus to be ifiued forth of the faid Court, Difchtrge. nlefs the Debtor ffiall, during the Continuance of this Ad, get rid f the Objedion or Objedions for which they refufed his Difcharge 5 id that the fame may be clear and certain, the Juftices are hereby quired to ftate the Objedions why fuch Debtor’s Difcharge is fufed by them ; and in all cafes whatever it (hall and may be lawful ► and for the Juftices at fome one fubfequent Seffion or Adjourned effion, within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after ne (hall ive been fo remanded, upon Application from fuch Debtor, and te Proof on Oath made to them by Two or more credible Wit-*/Tcs (which Oath they are hereby empowered to adminifter} of fuch bjedion or Objedions being removed, and on Proof of Notice ferved lead Twenty Days previous to fuch Application on the Creditor or reditors who before oppofed his Difcharge, and of Notice likewife ferted in the Dublin Gazette in manner before direded by this Ad, order fuch Debtor to be once more, but only one time more, ought before them, and if no other Obiedion or Objedions (hall en be made to the Difcharge of fuch Debtor by any Creditor or editors, or being made, the fame ffiall be over-ruled by the Juftices ?n prefent, and they ffiall then be of Opinion the laid Debtor is titled to the Benefit of this Ad, to adjudge him or her to be eu-led to the Benefit of this Ad, and to order him or her to be dif-arged, he or ffie taking the Oath, and in all other refpeds con* ming to he Diredions of this Ad.

XXXVI. And whereas it may happen that feveral Perfons who lay claim and be entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, are feifed of n Eftate Tail in fome Freehold Lands, Tenements or Heredita-lents, which Entail, with the Remainders thereon expedant, they ave by Law Power to defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine or *ines, fuffering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries,

'hereby fuch rerfon or Perfons faid Freehold Lands, Tenements xid Hereditaments, would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, id be delivered up according to the Terms of this Ad for the enefit of their Creditors Be it therefore further enaded, That Eftates of which every fuch cafe, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo feifed as aforefaid, Prifonen feifed who ffiall be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Ad, ffiall, in Taft delivered all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever in Law, be deemed and UPt0 Creditors, m, and is and are hereby declared to be feifed of fuch Lands, ements and Hereditaments in Fee, and the fame ffiall be delivered to fuch Creditor or Creditors of every fuch Pfrjfoner, in the fame j O 2	5I,	manner

934

A.D.i8i2

0.163.

52* GEO. III.

apply (or further Examination of Debtors to Two J uftices.

manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had a&ually levied a Fine, fuf-fored a Common Recovery or Recoveries and thereby had become feifed in Fee ; any Law or Conflru&ion of Law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithllan^bg.

4 XXXVII. And whereas many Perfons who may be entitled to-4 and claim the Benefit of this Ad have been great Dealers, or 4 otherwife engaged in large Tranfadions, whereby they may be 4 entitled to luiidry and great Debts and Demands of various and 4 intricate Natures, and they may be entitled to Equities of Re-4 demption of EHates, fubjed and liable to Mortgages, Judgments 4 or other Incumbrances, or to Revcrfions, Remainders or other coa-4 tingent Eftatcs, Lands* Tenements or Hereditaments, or to other 4 Trulls or Intcrefts in Fdlates both Real and Perfonal, which may # not he fuffiacntly deferibed or difeovered in the Schedule or In-4 ventory before direded to be delivered in upon Oath by the Pri-4 foner to be difeharged as aforefaid, or which may waot his Aid and 4 Affiftance to adjuil, make out, recover or manage, for the Benefit 4 of his Creditors Be it therefore enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the rcfptdive Affig-necs of the Eftate and Efteds of fuch Debtor or Debtors who (hall obtain hie, her or their Difchargc in purfuancc of this Act, or any other Perfon or Perfons duly authorized by them for that Purpofe, from time to time to apply to anyTwo or more of the Judices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, where fcch Debtor or Debtors fhall be then refiding, thereby defiring that fuch Debtor or Debtors may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his, her or their Eftate or EfFeds, whereupon fuch Jufliccs fhall fend for or call before them fuch Debtor or Debtors, by fuch Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means, as they {haH think fit, acd upon fuch Debtors appearing (hall examine him, her or them, as well upon Oath as otherwife, as to fuch Matters and Things as fuch Affig-nees fhall defire, relating to the Eftate and EfFeds of fuch Debtor or Debtors ; and if any Debtor or Debtors, on Payment or Tender of Payment of fuch rcafonablc Charges as fuch Jufliccs fhall judge fnf-ficient, fhall negled or refufe to come or appear, not having a lawful Excufe, to be made known to fuch Jufliccs and by them allowed, or being come before them, fhall refufe to be fwom or to anfwer to all fuch Queflions as by fuch Jufliccs fhall be put to him or them relating to the Difcovcry of his, her or their Eftate or EfFeds £a vefted or intended to be verted in fuch Clerk of the Peace, Tows Clerk or other Officer ading as Clerk of the Peace of fuch Affignee as aforefaid, then it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Jutlicts, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend fuch Debtcr or Debtors fo offending as aforefaid, and him, her or them to’commit ImprKbfflnent. to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Main prize until fuch time as he, (he or they fhall fubmit him, her or themlelns to fuch Juftices, and anfwer upon Oath to all fuch lawful Queiliow as fhall by fuch Juftices be put to him, her or them, for the Par* pofes aforefaid.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enaded, That notwith-{landing the Difcharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Ad, it it fhall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath taken by any fuch Debtor was not tnsy

the*

Fraudulent Dif-charges void.



93 S

A.D. 1812.	520 GEO. Ill,	C.	163.

then and in every fucli cafe every fuch Difcharge (hall be void and of ,ione Effeft.

XXXIX. And be it further enafted, That it lhall be lawful at Alfignee* with ill times hereafter for any Aflignee or Aflignees of the Eftate or Content of Ma. Effefts of any Debtor or Debtors who (hall be chofen iu purfuance of j°my Value his Adi, by and with the Confent of the major Part in Value uf ot Creditors, he Creditors of fuch Debtor or Debtors who {hall be prefent at a 5Xs°imd?ub-Vleeting, to be had on Twenty one Days’ Notice being previoufly mit l)iroutes to fiven for the Purpofe hereafter mentioned, if in Cuftody at Dublin or Arbitratioa. n the County of Dublin, in the Dublin Gazette^ and if in any other Mace in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, then alfo i fome Newfpaper which (hall be publifhed in the County, City or Mace in or near which fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall have been in Gaol, o make Compofitions to any Perfon or Perfons or Accountants to uch Debtor or Debtors, where the fame {hall appear neceflary or eafonable, and to take fuch reafonable Part of any fuch Debt as can pon any fuch Compolition be gotten, in full Difcharge of fuch )ebts and Accounts, and alfo to fubmit any Difference or Difpute etween fuch Aflignee or Aflignets, and any Perfon or Perfons for r on account or by reafon or means of any Matter, Caufe or Thing dating to the Eftate or Effefts of fuch Debtor or Debtors, or to ly Debt or Debts due or claimed to be due to or from fuch Debtor r Debtors, to the final End and Determination of Arbitrators to be r»ofen by the faid Aflignee or Afiignecs, and the major Part in Valueof ich Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they {hall have fuch )ifference, and to perform the Award of fuch Arbitrators, or of any Fmpire to be chofen by them, or otherwife to fettle and agree the fatters in Difference and Difpute between them, in fuch manner as le faid Aflignee or Aflignees with fuch Confent as aforefaid {hall link fit and can agree, and the fame fhall be binding to all the Cre-itors of fuch Debtor or Debtors; and every fuch Aflignee or Aflig-=es is and are hereby indcinnilied for what they lhall fairly (Jo in the remifes in purfuance of this ACt.

* XL. And whereas Provifion ought to be made as to what {hould

become of the Eftate and Effefts of any Debtor or Debtors not got , *

in, obtained or recovered by any Aflignee or Aflignees chofe pur-

fuant to the Direftion of the feveral Afts, at the time of his or

their Death or Deaths, and whole Heir or Heirs Executors, Adr

miniftrators and Afligns refufe to aft or meddle therein to re*

edy which, be it enafted, That in all fuch cafes it lhall and may be if Atfigneesdl*,

wful to and for the Creditors of every fuch Debtor or Debtors to others chofea,

lufe a new Aflignee or Aflignees in manner and Form as herein-

rfore is directed, and to obtain a new Affignment from the Clerk

r the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as

Clerk of the Peace purfuant to the Order of the Juilices, and

hich faid Order the faid Juftices are hereby required and empowered

• direft (on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of

ch former Aflignee or Aflignees, and Refufal of his or their Heirs,

xecutors, Adminiftrators or Afligns, to aft or meddle therein), and

e faid Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other

fficer afting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby empowered to obey the

me, and execute fuch Affignment accordingly, in manner and

:>rm, as if no former Alignment had ever ^)een the fa^ Affig*

e or Aflignees, Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or

her Officer afting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to all

3O3 ^itizedQrder|

93<S

AJ>. 1813.

Courts on Complaint may remove A%nees.

Where mutual Credit fiven, Balance fated.

C. 163.

520 geo. in.

Orders and Directions made by this Aft relative to them or any of them, and to be liable to all fuch Pains and Penalties as are inflicted on them or any of them, by this Aft, for Difobedience in any Part thereof or Negleft of Duty whatever ; and in cafe any fuch Affignee or Affignees fhall die, and his Heirs, Executors, Admmiftrators or Affi^ns (hall refufe to aft, that then and in fuch cafe it fhall be law. ful for fuch Juftices of the Peace to appoint a new Affignee or Affignees, with like Powers and Authorities as are given by thU Act; and the faid Juft ices (hall have Power in a luminary way to oblige their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns of fuch Affignee or Affignees to account and deliver up all fuch Ellate and Effefts as fhall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Purpoleiof this Aft.

XLI. And, to the Intent and Purpofe that the Eftate and EfFe&s of fuch Debtor or Debtors as fhall be difeharged by virtue of this Aft may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her or their real Creditors, be it enacted by the Authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the refpeftive Courts it Dublin, and the Courts of limited Jurifdiftion in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from whence any Procefs iflued upon which any fuch Debtor or Debtors was or were committed, or where the Proccfa iffiied out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer in Irtish or any One of them, from time to time, upon the Petition of any fuch Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of fuch Debtor, complaining of any Irtfufficiency, Fraud, Mifmanagcment or other Mifbcha-viour of any Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate or Effefts of asy fuch Debtor or Debtors, to fummon all Parties concerned, and upon hearing the Parties concerned therein to make and give fuch Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal or difplacing fuch Affignee or Affignees, and appointing any new Affignee or Affignees in the Place or Stead of fuch Affignee or Affignees fo to be removed or difplaced, and for the prudent, juft and equitable Management or Diftribution of the Eftate and Effefts of any fuch Debtor for the Benefit of the refpeftive Creditors, as the faid Courts or Judges re. fpeftively (hall think fit; and in cafe of the Removal or difplacmg of any Affignee or Affignees, and the appointing of any new Affignee or Affignees, the Eftate or Effefts of fuch Debtor or Debtors fail from thenceforth be divefted out of the Affignee or Affignees fore-moved or difplaced, and be vetted in and delivered over to fuch new Affignee or Affignees, in the fame manner and for the fame Intents and Purpofes as the fame were before vetted in the Affignee or Affignees firft chofen as aforefaid ; any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in ail cafes where mutual Credit hath been given between any Debtor who fhall be difeharged in purfuance of this Aft, and any other Pcrfon or Perfons, or Bodies Corporate or Politic, before the Delivery of fuch Schedule or Inventory of the Eftate and Effefts of fuch Debtor or Debtors, upon Oath as aforefaid, the refpeftive Affiguce or Affignees of fuch Debtor or Debtors is and are hereby authorized and required, on his and their Parts, to ftate and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned, and oothing more fhall be deemed to be vetted m fuch Clerk of the Peace or Town

Clerk,

CjOOQIC

A.D.iSi2.

937

52 GEO. III.

C. 163.

Dlerk, or other Officer ading as Clerk of the Peace, or fuch Aflignee >r Aflignees as aforefaid, as the Eftate or Effeds of fuch Debtor or Debtors, than what fhall appear to be juftly due to him, her or them “efpedively, as and for the Balance of fuch Account when truly Hated.

‘ XLIII. And whereas many Perfons are often committed by the Courts of Law and Equity for Contempts for not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid, and alfo for not paying of Coils duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpofe, and alfo upon the Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo or other Procefs, for or grounded on the Non Payment of Money, Coils or Expences, in fome Caufe or proceeding in fome Ecclefiailical Court, or for Contempt to fuch Court relating thereto;* it is hereby declared and enabled. That all fuch perfons not pay-r’erfons are and fhall be entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, on and i g Monies ubjed to the lame Terms, Conditions and Reftridions as are herein awarded, Cofts, xprefled and declared with refped to Prifoners for Debt only.	*c*'

* XLIV. And whereas a great Number of pour People have been pclp nshnpri-and are now imprifoned for Debt upon Procefles iffning out of font(j by Courts Courts of Confidence,* it is hereby enaded and declared. That all of Confcience uch Prifoners fhall be entitled to have the Benefit of tkis Ad, and entitled to Bene-»e difeharged under the fame, provided he, fhe or they conform to A<tt* he Diredions hereinbefore preferibed touching other Prifoners who hall be difeharged by virtue of this Ad.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Per- Having taken on who fhall have taken the Benefit of any rtd heretofore paffed Bene fit of lnfol-or the Relief of lnfolvent Debtors within the Space of Five Years aft pall, fhall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under t^v*tje**[* ^ his Ad, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning ijcf. hereof fo as to be difeharged under the fame; any thing herein-►efore contained to the contrary thereof not with (landing.

XLVI. And be it further enaded. That in all cates whatfuever lnfolvent on re-he lnfolvent, upon his releafing any lntereft he or (He may have in le-fing Intereftin he Refiduum of his or her Eftate, fhall and ma\ be admitted as Re(uiue good and fufficient Witnefs in any Adion or cauft to be iuftkuted y his or her Affignee or Aflignees, for the Recovery of any Debts ue to the faid lnfolvent, in the fame manner as a Bankrupt may fter obtaining his Cerficate.

XLV 11. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Bankrupt* horn ‘rifoner againft whom any Commiffion of Bankrupt fhall have iflued ftr availed by nd fhall remain in force, and who fhall not have obtained a Certi-cate of his or her Conformity to the feveral Statutes concerning bankrupts under fuch Commiffion duly allowed, fhall be difeharged y virtue of this Ad from any Debt which fhall have been or may e proved under fuch Commiffion, unlefs fuch Commiffion fhall have Iued, and fuch Bankrupt fhall have duly furreadered himfelf or her*

?lf to the Commiffioners or the major Part of them namv-d in the lid Commiffion, Two Years at the leaft before the paffing of this Id, and fhall in all things have duly conformed himfelf or herfifclf to lie feveral Statutes concerning Bankrupts, and unlefs the major Part f the Commiffioners named in fuch Commiffion fhall fpecially certify, diich they are hereby authorized to do it they fhall think fit, that ich Bankrupt has fo duly conformed, and has m their Opinion made full and fair Difclofure of all his or her Eftate or Effeds, and in all

3 ° 4	r r,r,alr	thing8

VjOOQLC

93*

A.D. 1S12.

Notire* ofBunk-rupt how r.gu-Utd.

When Commif-ficii fuperfided DilCharge void.

Chief J uftice of K. B kc. to appoint Barriftcr to c»niidtr c il'e* of Imprifomnem where Debt exceeds 2,0001.

At requeft of Creditors Gaolers examined on Oath at Seflion*, touching Commitments.

Difobeymg Orders of Juft ices.

C.163.

$2° geo. m.

things condu&ed himfclf or herfelf properly under fuch Commiffion; and in all fuch cafes fuch Bankrupt ffiall be capable of beiog discharged in refpeft of all Debts which cannot be proved under fuch Commiffion, in the fame manner and upon the fame Terms 2* any other Prifoner may be difeharged by virtue of this Att, and (hall and may be difeharged as to Perfonal Arreft, for Debt in refpett of all Debts proved or capable of being proved under fuch Commiffion; but lieverthclefs fuch Bankrupt and his or her Effe&s (hall in ail other refpedts whatfoever remain fubjed to the Laws in force eoc-cerning Bankrupts, as he or (he would have been if this Aft had not been made: Provided always, that in the Notices to be given by fuch Bankrupt and the Oath to be taken by him or her according to the Provifions of this A&, fuch Bankrupt (hall be deferibed ss a Perfon againft whom a Commiffion of Bankrupt has iffiied and is IhQ in force, and who has not obtained a Certificate of his or her Cos-formity to the Statutes concerning Bankrupts duly allowed ; and fuch Bankrupt, iuftead of fvvearing to the Truth of a Schedule of huor her Eftate and Effe6ls, (hall fwear that he or {he has made a full Diu clofure of his or her Effects under the faid Commiffion, and that beer (he has no Eftate or Effefis which can be veiled in an Affiguee undrc this A A, all the Eilate and Effefis of fuch Bankrupt being veiled in the Affigneeor Affignees under fuch Commiffion, by virtue of inch Commiffion, and the Affignment made in purfuance thereof: Provided always, that in cafe fuch Commiffion (hall at aoy time thereafter be fuperfeded, then and in fuch cafe the Difcharge which (hall be obtained by virtue of this A61, (hall be null and void.

XLVIII. And be it further enafled, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Juftice of the Court of Kiag’s Bench, tie Lord Chief Juilicc of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer refpedively, to nominate and appoint a Barrifter, and each of them is hereby required fo to do, for the Purpofe of taking into Coufideration Application h cafes of Imprifonment where the Debt Ihall amount to a Sum exceeding Two thoufand Pounds, and of granting Relief in the farce, according to the Provifions of this A&, under the Authority of Rck to be made by the faid fuperior Courts, where it fhall appear to them to be juft and fitting.

XLIX. And be it further ena6led. That the Juftices at any General Quarter Seffion or General Seflion of the Peace or any Adjourned Seffion of the Peace are hereby authorized, at the requet * of any Creditor of any Prifoner, to convene before them, at foroe certain time to be appointed by them, any Perfon or Perfons who was or were Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifofl or Gaol within their refpedive Jurifdi6iions on the Fifth Day of Jtv One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, or at any other time, and examine every fuch Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Cuftody of any fuch Prifoner, as the Juftices at any fuch Seffion or Adjourned Seffion Ihall think fit 5 and if any fuch Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler, (hall refufe or negle& to attend or being convened as atorefaid, or attending (hall refufe to make Anfwer and Difcovm on the Freniifes as (hall be reasonably required, at fuch Seflion or Adjourned Seffion, he or they fo offending in the Premife*, (ha11, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to any

Perfon

CjOOQ 1C

.D.i8i2*

520 GEO. III.

C.163.

9 39

?rfon who (hall foe for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty’s penalty, aurts of Record at Dublin, by Action of Debt.

L. And be it further enafted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler of Gaoler and Prin-y Prifon, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, (hall without juft ttr of Gazette or aufe, to be approved by the Jufticesat tome General Quarter Seflion Newipaper not General Seflion of the Peace or fome Adjourned Seflion of the cace within their refpeftive Jurifdiftions, refufe or delay to bring Act. ly fuch Prifoner or Prifoners as aforefaid to any fuch General uarter Seflion or General Seflion of the Peace, or Adjourned rilion of the Peace, as (hall be direfted and required by Warrant of ly Juftice or Juftices as aforefaid, or (hall negleft or refufe, or de-^nedly omit to infert in any fuch Lift as aforefaid, the Name or lames of any fuch Prifoner or Prifoners who was or were a61 ually 1 Cuftody in his or their refpeftive Prifon or Gaol on the faid Fifth lay of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, or (hall ne- * left or refufe to make out, fix up or deliver fuch Lifts as afore-id, or to take any of the Oaths before mentioned and by this Aft •quired to be taken by him, or to conform to the Direftions hereby iven him in refpeft to the Schedules intended to be delivered in by tiy fuch Prifoner or Prifoners ; or (hall detain any fuch Prifoner after e or (he (hall be difeharged as aforefaid; or if the Printer of the hiblin Gazette or other Newfpaper as aforefaid (hall wilfully refufe or egleft to infert therein the Notice by this Aft direfted to be given, n reafonable Requeft made to him for that Purpofe, every fuch fceeper or Gaoler, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, and every ich Printer as aforefaid for every fuch Offence (hall refpeftively for-;it and pay to fuch Prifoner in every fuch cafe injured, the Sum of )ne hundred Pounds, which (hall and may be recovered with Treble Penalty.

'ofts of Suit, by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any f His Majesty’s Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Effoign,

’roteftion or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (hall e allowed.

LI. And be it further enafted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler or Perjury. Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon (hall, in taking any of the )aths aforementioned, forfwear and perjure himfelf, and (hall be hereof lawfully convifted, fuch Keeper or Gaoler,- Deputy Keeper >r Gaoler, (hall (over and above the Penalties to be inflifted on Per-ons convifted of Perjury) upon every fuch Conviftion, forfeit and >ay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered, with full Cofts >f Suit, by Bill, Plaint or Information, or Aftion of Debt, in any )f His Majesty’s Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Effoign,

Proteftion or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (hall be illowed, by and in the Name of any Creditor or Creditors of any iich Prifoner or Prifoners who (hall fue for the fame ; and the fame vben recovered (hall be applied One Moiety to fuch Creditor or Creditors fuing for the fame, and the other Moiety towards Satisfac-;ion of the Debts of fuch Prifoner or Prifoners.

LI I. And be it further enafted. That if any Gaoler or Keeper or Gaoler making Deputy Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon, (hall make or caufe to be felfe Entries, made any falfe Entry or Entries in any Book belonging to any Prifon under his Care, or (hall prepare to keep or caufe to be kept any falfe Book or Books in order for any falle or untrue Entry or Entries to be made therein, or (hall knowingly and wilfully produce and (hew any Book wherein any falfe or untrue Entry or Entries have or

Google

hath



A.D.iSn.

940

C. 163.

5 2’geo. in.

Penalty.

Gaolers not per-ltvning Prii'oners to be fpoken with, or Entry in Books of Pri-lon to be feen.

Penalty.

Clerk of the Peace not giving Copies of Adjudication of Dil'charges.

Penalty.

Perjury.

hath been made as and for a Book containing tree and genuine Entries, or (hall infert in any Lift to be delivered in as aforefaid, the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons who were or was not is a&ual Cuftody as aforefaid, (except as in the Oath of any fuch Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler (hall be excepted) every fuch Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler (hail for every fuch Fraud, over and above the Penalties which he (hall be liable for every fuch Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Cofts of Suit, by and in the Name acd for the Ufe of any Perfon or Perfons who (hall be injured by any fuch Fraud, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Effoi/n, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed

L1II. And belt furtherenaded, That every Gaoler or Keeper* Deputy Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon (hall and he is hereby required to fuffer any Perfon or Perfons deOring the fame, to fee and (peak with, in the Day-time, between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, in forae convenient Room or Place in the faid'Prifon, any Prifoner or Pri-foners whofe Names are inferted in the before mentioned Lift or Lifts, or the Dublin Gazette, or other Newfpapers, in mauner aforefaid, and alfo to fee in the true and genuine Book or Books of the faid Prifos the Entry and Entries made of the Name and Names of fuch Prifooer or Prifoners, together with the Names or Name of the Perfon or Perfons at whofe Suit he, (he or they are detained 5 and if any foeh Gaoler or Keeper, Deputy Gaoler or Keeper, (hall refute or neglcd fo to do, every fuch Gaoler or Keeper, Deputy Gaoler or Keeper fo offending, (hall forfeit ar.d pay to the Perfon fo refiifed and aggrieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered, with Cofts of Suit, by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty,s Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Effoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed, by and m the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo refufedfand aggrieved.

LIV. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer adting as Clerk of the Peace, (hall delay or refufe to give any fuch Prifoner adjudged to be entitled to his Dilcharge as aforefaid, within Fourteen Days after fuch Adjudication, a Copy of the Order of fuch Adjudication, on being paid for the fame the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, or fhall demand or take more for the fame than the Sum of Two Shilling; and Six pence, or fhall take more than Five Shillings for an Argument or Conveyance of any Prifoner’s Eftete or Effe&s, every facb Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk or other Officer adting as Clerk of the Peace, who (hall fo offend, and be convi&ed thereof at any fuch General Quarter Seffion or General Seffion of the Peace, or Adjourned Seffion of the Peace, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay to every fuch Prifoner the Sum of Twenty Pound*, and the Juftices at fuch Seffion or Adjourned Seffion are hereby authorized and empowered to order and caufe the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of any fuch Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk or other Officer ading as Clerk of the Peace fo offending.

LV. And be it further enadted, That if any Prifoner who (hiD Come or be brought up at any General Quarter Seffion or General

SdBo*

VjOOQIC

941

52° GEO. III. C.163, 164 > 165-

ieffion of the Peace, or Adjourned Seffion of the Peace, under the >rovifions of this Adi, fhall wilfully forfwear or perjure himfelf or crfelf in any Oath to be taken under this Adt, and fhall be lawfully onvidled thereof, he or fhe fo offending fhall fuffer fuch Punifh-ier,t as by Law may be inflidled on Perfons convidled of wilful and orrupt Perjury, and moreover fhall not be entitled to any Benefit, >rivilege or Advantage under this Adi; any thing in the fame to he contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

LVI. And be it further enadled,That in all cafes wherein by this \.dl an Oath is required to be taken, the folemn Affirmation of any ’erfon being a Quaker fhall and may be taken and accepted in lieu hereof; and that every Perfon who fhall, in making fuch folemn Af-rmation, knowingly and wilfully affirm what is falfe and untrue, and lall be thereof convidled, fhall incur and be liable to fuch and the ame Punifhment, Penalties and Difabilities as Perfons convidled of dlful and corrupt Perjury by Law are liable to and incur, and fhall urther and moreover incur and fuffer fuch and the fame Penalties as re inflidled and impofed by this Adi upon Perfons convidled of wilful nd corrupt Perjury in like cafes.

CAP. CLXIV. in Aft for enabling His Majesty to raife the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain, and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thoufand Pounds Britijh Currency for the Service of Ireland.	[29th July 1812.]

‘ Treafury to caufe Exchequer Bills for 3,000,0001. to be made out in ; manner aired! ed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.—§ 1,2. Exchequer Bills chargeable ' on the Firft Supplies. $3. Exchequer Bills to bear an Intereft : not exceeding $\d. per Cent. ter Diem, § 4. Exchequer Bills to : be taken in Payment at the Exchequer after April $9 1813. $5.

Bank may advance 3,000,000k on the Credit of this Adi, not-: withftamling 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.—$6* aoo,oool. out of the ! Supplies granted for Ireland, § 7.

CAP. CLXV.

In Aft for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England,

[30th July 1812.3

WHEREAS it may be convenient in the prefent crowded State of the Prifons and Gaols in England and Wales, that fome of the Prifoners confined therein, truly furrendering their Effedts to their Creditors, (hould be liberated, and enabled to purfue their different Profeffions and Occupations;’ Be it therefore enadled by he Kings Mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-»nt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre* ent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Tnat, rom and after the paffing of this Adi, all and every Keeper or Gaoler if any Prifon in any County, Riding, Divifion, City, Town, Place r Liberty within England or Wales, fhall and is and are hereby retired to make a true, exadl and perfedl Lift, alphabetically, of the fame or Names of all and every Perfon or Perfons who upon the rifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve was or ?ere, or have iince continued to be under the Terms and Conditions

herein

Affirmation of Quakers taken.

Perjury.

Gaolers to make out Lills of Prifoners in Cuftody on June 5,1812.

94*

A.D.\8it

Gaolers to take Oath on delivering in Lift*.

Oath adminifter-•d* in open Court.

C.165.	520	GEO.	III.

herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every fuch Lift fhaD be really an a&ual Prifoner or Prifoncrs in the Cullody of fuch Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of any Prifon rcfpc&ively, upon any Procets whatfoever, for or by reafon of any Debt, Damage, Colts, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Non Payment of Money 5 and an Account of the Time when fuch Prifoner or Pri. foners was or were refpe&ivcly charged in Cuflody or received in Pr.-fon, together with the Name or Name3 of the Perfoa or Perfons at whofe Suit or Pnofecution fuch Prifoner or Prifoners is or are detained, together with the Amount of fuch Debts as the faid Prifoner or Prifoners are detained for; and (hall deliver the fame to the Juf-tices of the Peace at their Firft or Second General Quarter Seffioc or General Seffion of the Peace, to be held after the palling of this Ad, or at fome Adjournment thereof, for fuch County, Riding, City, Divifiori, Town, Place or Liberty refpe&ively.

II.	And be it further enadled, That the Warden of His Majestyh Prifon of the Fleet, and Marfhal of the King’s Bench Prifoo, sad every other Keeper and Gaoler of any other Prifon in any Place or Liberty in England or Wales, (hall feverally, on the delivering in nf any fuch Lift of Prifoners in their refpe&ive Cuftody, take an Oath in the open Court of fuch General Quarter Seffion or General Stfiioa of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to the Effed following; that is to fay,

*	J A, B.j upon my corporal Oath, in the Prefence of Almighty

*	God, do folemnly fwear, profefs and declare. That all and every

*	Perfon and Perfons whofe Name or Names is or are infeTted asd

*	contained in the Firft Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and € fubferibed, was or were, to the beft of my Knowledge and Belief,

upon the Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and c twelve, really and truly Prifoners in a&ual Cuftody in the Prifon of

*	\jnfert the Name of the Prifon] at the Suit or Suits of the Perfoa

*	or Perfons therein refpe&ively mentioned ; and alfo that all and

*	every Perfon and Perfons whofe Name or Names is or are ir.ferted 1 or contained in the Second Part of the faid Lift, now by me deb

*	vered in and fubferibed as aforefaid, have, fmee the faid Fifth Day

*	of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, been committed or

*	furrendered to the faid Prifon of [infert the Name of the Prifvi]

*	at the Suit or Suits ofthefeveral Perfon or Perfons therein refpec-

*	tively mentioned; and that the Perfon or Perfons whoTe Name or

*	Names is or are therein contained, was or were, to the beft of my

*	Knowledge and Belief, really and truly Prifoners mutual Cuflody

*	on the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and

*	twelve, as appears by the Returns made to me on his and their re.

1 fpe&ive Commitments.	So	help me GOD.*

Which the faid Juftices, at their Firft or Second General Quarter Seffion or General Seffion of the Peace aforefaid, or at fome Adjournment thereof, within their refpe&ive Jurifdi&ions, are hereby empowered and required to adminifter in open Court; and the Words of the faid Oath hereinbefore dire&ed to be taken by the faid Warden and (Marfhal refpe&ively, and other Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon refpe&ively, mail be entered or written at the End or Bottom of thrf Lift which (hall be delivered in by them refpe&ively, and fhall be fubferibed and fwom to by them reipedively in open Court; and

*3

trrerj

>. I 8 I 2.

943

£2° GEO. III.	C.i6$.

y fuch Lift which fh^all be fo delivered in, fubfcribed and fwom Lifts kept by n purfuance of this Aft, ffiall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, C,erlc of kt\ Clerk or other Officer adding as Clerk of the Peace of every a”^wm,Qed i County, City, Town, Place or Liberty refpeftively in which 8 .fuch Lift as aforefaid ffiall be fworn to, for the better Satis-ion of the faid Juftic'es, and Information of all or any Prifoner or Toners therein named, and fo as tlfe fame may fron> time to time feen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prifoner or Toners, without Fee or Reward.:

[II. And be it further enafted, That all and every the Keeper or Copy of Lifts ider. Keepers or Gaolers of any fuch Prifon or Gaol is and are UP in eby required, Ten Days at leaft before the Firft or Second Gene- Pnlons»befor# Quarter Seffion or General Seffion of the Peace (hall be held after seffionsJt0

*	pafling of this Aft, for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty which any Prifon or Gaol fhali be, or to which the fame ffiall be-ig, to fix up in fome confpicuous Place or Places in every fuch ifon or Gaol, and at the moft frequented or ufual Gate, Door or atrance into every fuch Prifon or Gaol, true Copies of the Lift

Lifts propofed or intended to be delivered in by any fuch Keeper Gaoler at the faid General Quarter Seffion or General Seffion, or fome Adjournment thereof.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That all and every Perfonand Per- Prifoners for ns who on the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred not id twelve were charged in any Prifon or Gaol for the Non Pay- dftcha^ed000** ent of any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, which did 8 ot in the Whole amount to a greater Sum than Two thoufand ounds, and whofe Name or Names ffiall be inferted in any fuch ,Ul to be delivered in as aforefaid, taking the Oaths hereby di-->fted to be taken, and who ffiall perform on his or her Part what ; required £o be done by him or her by this Aft, ffiall as to his ^rfon and Effefts refpeftively be for ever releafed, difeharged and xonerated, to fuch Extent and m fuch manner as is hereinafter proved, and no otherwife.

V.	And be it further enafted. That it ffiall and may be lawful for Chief Juftice of he Lord Chief Juftice of the Court of King’s Bench, the Lord K.B &c.toap-uhief Juftice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief P°int Better Baron of the Court of Exchequer refpeftively, to nominate and ap- tof fonb?rcr point a Barrifter, and each of them is hereby required fo to do, for vvheTeDebt”6^ the Purpofe of taking into Confideration Applications in cafes of exceeds a.oool. Lmprifonment where the Debt ftiall amount to a Sum exceeding Two thoufand Pounds, and of granting Relief in the fame according to the Provifions of this Aft, under the Authority of Rules to be made in the faid Superior Courts, or by a Judge’s Order at Chambers, where k ffiall appear to them to be juft and fitting.

* VI- And w'hereas many honeft but unfortunate Perfons whole

*	Debts exceed the Sum of Two thoufand Pounds, although willing

*	to furrender their Effefts for the Benefit of their Creditors, have

*	been confined in Gaol many Years, and but for the Interpofition of

*	the Legifiature will be doomed to perpetual Imprifonment Be it Further Exten-therefore enafted, That all and every the Perfon or Perfons who on Eon of Relief in the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve whcr® ^ was or were charged in Execution with any Debt or Debts not ex- been in Cuftody seeding in the Whole the Sum of Three thoufand Pounds, and who Five or Ten ihalj hive been confined in any Gaol or GaoU of the United King- Years.

dom



V44

A.D. i8ir

Juftices may, on Pnfonersdeliver-ing Schedules, ifluc WariantJ to bring them to Quarter or General Seffioos.

Special Seflion.

C. 165.	5 20 GEO. III.

dom of Great Britain for the Space of Five Years for fuch or any other Debt or Debts, and all and every Perfon or Perfoos who 00 the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve was or were charged in Execution with any Debt or Debts to any Amount, and who (hall have been confined in any Gaol or Gaols of the United Kingdom of Great Britain for fuch or 3ny other Debt or Debts for the Space of Ten Years, (hall on taking the Oath hereby direfted to be taken by other Debtors claiming their Difcbarge4 under this Aft, and in all other refpefts performing on bis or her Part what is required to be done by him or her by this Ad, be refoeftively discharged, releafed and exonerated, as to his Perfon and Effefts, to fuch Extent and in fuch manner as is hereinafter provided, and not otherwife.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty within England and Wales, upon the Petition of any fuch Prifoner or Prifoners to any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, within his or their refpeftive Jurifdiftions, upon every fuch Prifoner or Prifoners fo petitioning, and at the time of his or her fo petitioning, leaving with the Juftice or Juftices fo petitioning, a true Copy of the Schedule containing his or her intended Difcovery of his or her Real and Perfonai Eftate, to be fwom to at the Firft or Second General Quarter Seflion or General Seflion of the Peace, or foot Adjournment thereof next enfuing after every fuch Petition, (and at the Foot of which faid Schedule the Gaoler or other proper Officer fhall fet forth and fign the Amount of the Debt or Debts with which fuch Prifoner was charged on the faid Fifth Day of June One thos-fand eight hundred and twelve) by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or under their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers or Gaolers of any fuch Prifon within the Jurif-diftion of any fuch Juftice or Juftices, to bring before the Juftices at the Firft or Second next General Quarter Seflion or General Sef-fion of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as the cafe fhall happen to be, next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Date of fuch Warrant, for fuch refpeftive County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, the Body of any Perfon being in the faid Prifon as aforefaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of nis or her Detainers, together with a Copy or Copies of the Caufe or Caufes which be, file or they is or are charged with in any Prifon or Gaol aforefaid at the time aforefaid; for which Copy or Copies of fuch Caufe or Caufes fuch Prifoner fhall apply to the faid Keeper or Gaoler of fuch Prifon, or to the Clerk of the Pipers, or other proper Officer or Perfon, who fhall make out and tranferibe the fame, at leaft Six Days before the time of his or her Appearance ; which Warrant of every fuch Juftice or Juftices every fuch Sheriff and Sheriffs, Keeper or Gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

1 VIII. And whereas confiderable time may intervene between the

*	pafflng of this Aft and the next General Quarter Seflion or General Seflion of the Peace, which would be the means of detaining in

*	Prifon a Number of Perfons who with their Families are in the

*	greateft Diftrefs Be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the Juftices of the Peace for any Coon* ty, City, Town, Place or Liberty, upon Petition from Debtors at aforefaid, to aflemble their refpeftive Courts as foon as may be after

paffing

C^ooQle

945

SV GEO. III.

C. 165.

ling this Aft, for the Purpofe of adminiftering the Oaths and er the Matters required by this A£t, and to appoint fuch Day Days for the Difcharge of Prifoners as they (hall fee proper. fX. And be it further enafted, That the Copy of every fuch ledule, which (hall be left or delivered in as atorefaid, (hall be thwith tranfmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other ficer afting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Town, ice or Liberty in which the fame (hall have been fo left, there to lain and be infpefted from time to time as Occafion (hall require, any Creditor of any fuch Prifoner who (hall defire to infpeft the ne.

X. And be it further enafted, That all and every Debtor and ?btors confined in any. Gaol of that Part of the United Kingdom led jEngland and Wales, who (hall intend to apply to be difcharged d exonerated under this Aft, (hall firft caufe public Notice to be erted in Three feveral London Gazettes, previous to fuch General Quarter Seffion or General Seflion of the Peace or Adjournment ereof, at which fuch Application (hall be made ; and if fuch ebtor (hall be in Cuftody in any fuch Gaol, out of London or e Weekly Bills of Mortality, or (nail have been moved by Habeas trpus from any fuch Gaol out of London, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, then alfo in fome Newfpaper which (hall be publi(hed in near the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Town, Liberty or Place, the Gaol whereof he or (he (hall be or have been fo in Cuftody, mtaining the Name, Trade, Occupation and Defcnption, and the wo laft Places of Abode (if fo many) of every fuch Debtor and debtors, and the Prifon wherein he, (he or they is or are confined, id of his, her or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Aft, id mentioning fuch Notice in fuch Gazette or Newfpaper refpec* vely to be the Firft, Second or Third Notice, according to the time F publi filing each of fuch Notices $ and for the inlerting each of the id Notices m the London Gazette, or in any other Newfpaper, there tall be paid each time by every Prifoner the Sum of Four pence and 3 more ; the Firft of which laid Notices (hall be fo inferted in the lid Gazettes refpeftively and in the laid other Newfpapers, as the afe may require, Twenty one Days at the leaft, and the laft of the iid Notices Six Days at the leaft before any fuch Firft or Second ieneral Quarter Seffion or General Seffion, or Adjournment thereof, tall be held as aforefaid, fo that as well all the Creditors who have ot charged the faid Debtor or Debtors in Cuftody, as thofe Credi-3rs who have charged fuch Debtor or Debtors in Execution, or on defne Procefs or otherwife, may have fufficient Notice thereof.

XI. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and fuf-icient time to confider the Matters and Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or debtors, be it further enafted, That every fuch Debtor, where he or be (hall, according to the Directions of this Aft, publi (h the Firft Notice of an Intention to take the Benefit of this Aft, he or (he (hall n fuch Notice declare that the ScheduleVontaining his or her in-ended Difcovcry of his or her Real and Perfonal Eftate, to be fworn o in manner as by this Aft is direfted, is lodged in the Hands of he Keeper or Gaoler, or the Deputy of fuch Keeper or Gaoler of he Prifon wherein any fuch Debtor (hall be confined ; and every fuch Debtor is hereby direfted and required to deliver fuch Schedule to 12	fuch

Schedules tranf-mitted to Clerk of the Peace.

Debtois intendin'' to apply for Dilcharge, to give Notice in Gazette, &c.

Debtors to deliver Schedules to Gaoler, previous to firft Notice.



Google



94*

A.D. i3n.

C. 165.	520 GEO. III.

fuch Keeper, or Gaoler, or Deputy, as the cafe may be, before be (hall publifh fuch Ficft Notice as aforefaid, figned with his or her ova Chriliian Name aud Surname, to be attefted by any fuch Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy ; and in cafe any Debtor (hall Qegled or refute to deliver One fuch Schedule to fuch Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, prioT to fuch his Firft Notice to be given as aforefaid, he or (he upon du? Proof made of fuch Negled or Refufal, to the Satisfadion of ti e Court to which fuch Debtor (hall make Application, (hall be remanded back to Prifon, there to remain until he or fhe (hall hare complied with the Directions aforefaid; and every fuch Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy is hereby direded and required to atteft the Signature of the Debtor’s Name to fuch Schedule, and to receive the fame into hisCuftody and Charge, giving a Duplicate thereof to every fuch Debtor, with an Acknowledgment of his having received the Original; and he is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any fuch Schedule, (igned by himfelf, upon Requeft made to him by any Creditor for that Purpofe in Writing, fuch Copy to be delivered to the Creditor himfelf, or to fuch Perfon as he (hall appoirt to receive the fame, within Thirty Days after Demand made.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That the Notices to be given by every Debtor, in manner direded by this Ad, (hall be to the Eitect following ; that is to fay.

Form of Notice. * J	\infert	the	Namey Trade, Occupation and Defcriptm,

€	and the Two lajl Places of Abode,	if fo many] now confined h

* \infert the Name of the Prtfon\ and not being charged in Cuf-

*	tody on the Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and 1 twelve, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money ex-

*	ceeding in the Whole the Sum of £as the cafe may he9 and if claim*

*	ing to be difeharged on account of the Length of Time of Impri/sn-1 mentf then to fet J'ortb the Time] do hereby give this [Firil, Second

*	or Third] public Notice, that I intend to take the Benefit of aa

*	Ad pafled in the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent	Majefty’s Reign,

*	intituled \_here fet forth the Title of this Ad% and	if it be the frj

*	Noticey then add~\ And I do hereby give Notice,	that a true ad

*	perfed Schedule, containing a Difcovery of all ray Real and Perfonal

*	Eftate hereafter to be fwom to, is now ready to be delivered to any

*	Creditor applying for the fame to the Keeper or Gaoler or h:>

*	Deputy of the faid Prifon.’

And every fuch Notice (hall be (igned by the Debtor, and couater-figned by the Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy of fuch Keeper or Gaoler of fuch Prifon.

Debtor* proving XI ll. And be it further enaded, That every fuch Debtor as afore-Noticestohaye fajd not being charged as aforefaid, .on the faid Fifth Day of Jew in openVCourt	0,le thoufand eight hundred and twelve, with any	Debt or Debts,

deliver in eemiu Sum or Sums of Money, in the Whole to a greater	Amount thsmth

Schedule* and	Sum of Two thoufaud Pounds, who (hall apply to the General Quar-

akc Oatb.	ter Seflion or General SefDon of the Peace, or any Adjournment

thereof, (hall, in cafe it (hall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the faid Three Gazettes and Newfpapers refpedively before mentioned to the faid Juftices at any fuch Sefiion or Adjournment thereof, thit fuch Notices were inferted in the London Gazettes and other Newfpapers refpedively, as were required in manner aforefaid, and that the Perfon or Perfons fo applying was or were adually a Prifooer



Google

947

5v geo. ni.

C. 165.

r Pnfoners on the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight undred and twelve in the Prifon or Gaol in which his, her or their sTame or Names is or are fpecified in a Lift delivered in at fuch rirft or Second Seffion, or any Adjournment thereof, or in fome ther Prifon or Gaol as aforefaid, in purfuance of this ACt ; and (hall 1 open Court at the faid General Quarter Seffion or General Seffion, r any Adjournment thereof, fubfcribe or deliver in a true Schedule r Account of all his or her Real Eftate in Pofleffion, Reverfion, Reminder or Expectancy, and of any other Nature and Kind whatfo-ver, and alfo the Whole of his or her Perfonal Eftate which he or te, or any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for him or her, or for his or er Ufe, Benefit or Advantage, is or are feifed of, interefted in or en-itled unto, or was or were in his, her or their Pofleffion, Cuftody or *ower, or which he, fhe or they, or fuch Perfon or Perfons had anv *ower of difpoting of, or charging for his, her or their Benefit or Aa-antage, at any time fince his or her Commitment to Prifon, with the Tame of his or her feveral Debtors, and where they refpeftively live r may be met with, and the feveral Sums of Money from them re* pe&ively owing, and how the fame refpe&ively became due and are ?cured, aud if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note or other Wiring, then the Name and Names and Places of Abode of the sveral Witnefles who can prove fuch Debts or Contrails ; and fhall lfo make Oath and fwear to the following EffeCt, according to he fpecial circumftances, fo far as the fame fhall be confident with the ’rovifions hereinafter contained ; that is to fay,

I A. B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Prefence of Almighty God, do folemnly fwear, proteft and declare, that on the Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, I was really a id truly a Prifoner in the actual Cuftody of	in	the

Prifon or Gaol of	without any Fraud or Collu-

fion whatfoever ; and that I have ever fmce my Commitment continued a Prifoner within the Prifon of	in	the	actual

Cuftody of the Keeper or Gaoler of the faid Prifon of [or mentioning fome other Prifon, as the cafe may be~] or within the Liberties thereof, without any Fraud or Collufion whatfoever; and that the Schedule now delivered by me and fubfcribed, doth contain, to the belt of my Knowledge, Remembrance and Belief, a full, juft, true and perfrCt Account and Difcovery of all the Goods and EffcCts, Eftates Real and Perfonal, in PolTeflion, Reverfion, Remainder or Expectancy, and of every other Nature and Kind whatfoever, which I or any Perfon in Trull for me or for my Benefit or Advantage are feifed or pofTefTed of, interefted in or entitled unto, or was or were in my PolTeflion, Cuftody or Power or in the PofTeflion, Cuftody or Power of any fuch Perfon as aforefaid, or which I or fuch Perfon had any Power of difpofing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage, at any time fince my Commitment to Prifon ; and of all Debts to me owing or to any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for me, and of all the Securities and Contracts whereby any Money now is or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me or to my Ule, cr to any rerfon or Perfons in Truft for me, and the Names and Places of Abode of the feveral Perfons from whom fuch Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnefles who can prove fuch Debts or Contracts (if any fuch there be) ; aud that neither I nor any

3 r	^	l	Perfoa

vnOO^lC

52 Geo. III.

Ouh>

AJXtlu,

949	C.i	6$,	£3°	GEO.	HI.

Sdtsdule tnd Oath ful&ribed by Debtors.

Caurt, at Re* ^ueft of Creditor*, may examine Gaolers 00 Oath.

Eftate*, 8tc. of Debton di£-

*	Pcrfoo or IVrfons in Tryft for me, or for my Ufe* hire my Lank,

*	Money, Stock, or any Eft ate Real or Perianal, in Poffeffioo, Re-

4 verfioa, Remainder or Expedaocy, or of any Nature or Kind fo-4 ever, of Power of difpefiug of or charging for my Benefit or Ad-4 vantage, other than what are in the (aid Schedule contained, except 4 Wearing A p parol and Bedding for tnyfelf and Family, Workng 4 Tools, and the nrceflary Implements for ay Occnpados tad 4 Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding Five Poouk, 4 and thefe in the Whole not exceeding the Value of 'niirty Poaads; 4 and that I have not, nor any Perfon for me, hath dnr&ly or hi-4 redly fold, lefleocd or otherwif* conveyed, difpofird of in Trnft, er 4 concealed all or any Part of my Land#, Money, Goods, Chattel 4 Stock, Debts, Securities, Contrads or Eftates Real or Perkaii, 4 whereby to (ecure the fame, or to receive or exped any Profit or 4 Advantage therefrom, or with on latent to defraud or deceive in 4 Creditor or Creditors to whom I ao or was indebted in any via 4 how (never.	So	help me GOD/

And the had Schedule and Oath (haft be by every Inch Debtor fob (bribed in the Prefencc of the Jufticet in ooen Seffion of the fmt as hereby dkeded, and (hall be kept by and remain with the Qsi of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer atiing as Clerk of tk Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where tk fame Audi be fubicribed and taken, for the better Information of d the Creditors of fuch Debtors who (hall defise or may have Occx&oi to refort thereto ; and every fuch Creditor (hail be at Liberty, M in-fonable times in the Day-time, tp perufe and examine the fame.

XIV* And be it further ena&ed, That the Juft ices of the Peace within their refpedive Jurifdi&iont at any fuch General Qtute Seffipn8 or General Seflion, or Adjournment thereof, at the Reqwft of any Creditor or Creditors of any fuch Debtor, are hereby ittk> riaed to caufc the Deputy Warden and Marital of the Fleet m King’s Bench Prifon, or any other under Officer, Tiplaff ai T umkey of any Prifon or Gaol, or any other Per (bn within tkr refpedive Jurifdi&ions, to come before them, and to examine tka refpedively on Oath touching any of the Matters contained in asjof the Oaths preferibed by this Ad to be taken, and the Tratk thereof; ana if the Oath which (hall have been taken in opes Coe* by any Debtor or Debtors (hall not be difproved by good Tefr mony of any credible Perfon or Perfoos on Oath, and lucfa Juliet*,« the major Part of them prefent at any fuch General Quarter Sefia or General Seffion, or any Adjournment thereof, (haft be (atis&ri with the Truth of the Oath taken by fuch refpedive Debtors, tk* fuch Juft ice* (kali, in fuch Seffioo or fome Adjournment thereof, id-judge fuch Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of tk Ad, and (hall order the (aid Slieriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keeper*, Gaoler or Gaolers of fuch Prifon or Prifous, forthwith to fiet a Liberty fuch Prifoner or Prifoners ; and every fuch Order (hall he a fufficient Difcharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keeper* Gaoler or Gaolers of fuch Prifon or Prifons, and Audi todrauf? him or them again# any Efeape or E(capes, Adkm or Adioos wki-foever for Efcape, which (haU or may be brought, commenced orpr* fecuted again ft. him or them.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the Authority afbrefitid, Tkt all the Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, and Truft of fuch Debtor, oi



D.i8i2-

949

S v GEO. IIL

C. 1/S5.

id unto all the Real Eftate as well Freehold and Copyhold as charged, veftei

nmasrv nnrl tew all tko	n»kt>«	r*nA	FflkAa	nfpVi>rir	in	Clerk	of	tho

omary, and to all the Perfonal E It ate, Debts and Effe&s of every	CIcrk th* -

Debtor, (hall immediately after fuch Adjudication be, and the affign\me°to °

* is hereby vetted in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other |UCh Creditor! as cer asking as Clerk of the Peace of and for the County, Riding, Court (hall dircdl ', Town Corporate, Divifion, Liberty or Place where any inTrult •tors lhall be refpe&ively discharged 5 and every fuch Clerk of the :e. Town Clerk or other Officer a&ing as Clerk of the Peace, rreby dire&ed and required to make an Affignment and Convey-: of every fuch Debtor's Eftate and Effects, vetted in fuch Clerk he Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer a&ing as Clerk of the re ms aforcfaid, to fuch Creditor or Creditors of the (aid Debtor, ae Juttices at any General Quarter Seffion or General Seffion of Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which (hall be held by ‘	r uve Jurifdi&ions, (hall order and direft;

onveyance	n

Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatioever, without being tten on Parchment or Paper ftamped, to veft the Ettates thereby fned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the fame 1 be fo affigned and conveyed, his, her and tbeir Heirs, Executors, mioifteators and Aifigns, according to the Eftate and luterett ch the Debtor had therein; and every fuch Affignment and iveyauce (hall he in Tmft fur the Beuefit of the Creditor or Cre->rs of every fuch Debtor to whom the fame (hall be made, and reft of the Creditors of every fuch Debtor in refpe& of or in •portion to their refpe&ive Debts; and every Perfon or Pcrfons whom any fuch Affignment and Conveyance as aforefaid (hall be ie, is and are hereby fully empowered to fue from time to time as re may be OccafLon, in his, her or their own Name or Names for Recovery and obtaining any Eftate or EtFe&s of any fuch Debtor,

I	alfo to execute any Truftor Power vetted in or created for the e or Beudit of any fuch Debtor, but io Trutt for the Benefit of lor them and the rell of the Creditors of every fuch Debtor, and give fuch Difcharge and Difcharges to any Perfon or Perfons who

II	rcfpe&ively be indebted to fuch Debtor as may be requifite ;

1 every fuch Affignee or Affigneea (hall with all convenient Speed Afli*iiee»toget er bis or tbeir accepting fuch Affignment or Conveyance, ufe his in Debtors I their beit Endeavours to receive ami get in the Eftate and Effe£ls Effbas; every fuch Debtor, and (hall with all convenient Speed, make Sale all the Ettates of fuch Debtor vetted in fuch Affignee or Af-nees ; and if fuch Debtor (hail be interefted in or entitled to any ral Eftate, either in Potteflion, Reverfion or Expetiancy, the fame thin the Space of Two Months after fuch Affignment and Convey-ce (hall be fold by public Au&ion, in fuch manner and at fuch ace as the major Part of the Creditors of any fuch Debtor, who all aflemble together on any Notice in Writing { ublifhed in the ondou Ga%ctte> or in fome Daily Paper printed and publilhed in wide*, if the Debtor before his or her going to Prifon refided iq Lon->/i, or within the Bills of Mortality, and if elfewhere, then in fome is ted Newfpaper which (ball be publilhed in or near the County, hling, Divifion, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which fuch •ebtor redded before he or (he was committed to Prifon, Thirty lays before any fuch Sale (ball be made, (hall under his or their Hand : Hands agree on ; and every fuch Affignee or Affignces, at tho

and to maVe Dividend*.

Notice of making Dividend* given.

In cafe Afiignee* or their Heira do not deli.er over Eilate or Balance, committed.

Creditors for Anuuiti* s payable at any tu. tore time to receive Dividends a> under Com-mifiion of Bankruptcy.

Ci 65.	51®	GEO.	III.	A.D.iSn.

End of Three Months at the fartheft from the time of his or their accepting any fuch Afiignmcnt or Conveyance as aforefaid, (hall make a fa j* and juft Dividend of all fuch Debtor’s Eft ate and Effe£b whidi fhal* have been then recovered amongft his or her Creditors, m pro-portion and in regard to each Creditor’s refpe&ive Debt; hot brio?? any fuch Dividend (hall be made, fuch Afiignee or Aligners ftal make up an Account of fuch Debtor’s Eftate, and make Oath h Writing before any One or more of His Majesty’s Juftice or JufticK of the reace, that every fuch Account contains a fair and juft Account of the Eftate and Effects of every fuch Debtor got in by or for fuch Afiignee or Aflignees, and of all Payments made in refped thereof, and that all Payments in every fuch Account charged, were truly and bonafide made and paid ; and Notice of the making of e*m fuch Dividend (hall be publifhed in like manner as a Meeting of the Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be publifhed. Thirty Days a lead before the fame (hall be made, and no Creditor (hall be aBowwl to receive any Share of fuch Dividend, until he (hall have made 03 the Juftnefs and Identity of his Debt, by Oath, or due Proof w Writing before fome fuch Juftice or Juflices ; and if any Creditor of fuch Debtor (hall be diflatisfied with the Reality or Fairoefs of a* Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the fame, at the reqaeft « any fuch Creditor or Creditors fo diflatisfied, (hall be examined iate by the Juftices of the County, Riding, Divifion,City, Town, liberty or Place in which fuch Debtor (hall have been adjudged to have bew entitled to the Benefit of this Ad at the next General Quarter Seflion or General Seffion of the Peace, or at fome Adjouruseft thereof.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Afiignee or Aflignees of the Eftate and Effeds of any Prifoner difchargrd by virtue of this Ad, or the Heirs, Executors or Adrainfftraton of any deceafed Afiignee or Aflignees, (hall not deliver over set Part of fuch Eftate or Effeds, or pay the Balance of the Pitxfoc? of any fuch Eftate or Effeds found to be in the Hands of fork Afiignee or Aflignees, or of fuch Heirs, Executors or Adminiftn-tors as aforefaid, according to the Tenor of this Ad, it (hall be lawful for the Court before which the Prifoner was difeharged, to order the Perfon or Perfons fo offending to be arrefted and committed to the next County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise until fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall have fulfilled the Duty required by the Ad, or until fuch Court (hall make other Order to the contrary.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any Debtor who (hall be S-charged by virtue of this Ad, for any Sum or Sums of Moaey payable by way of Annuity or otherwise at any future time or times, by virtue of any Bond, Covenants or other Securities of any Natut whatever, may be and (hall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor «r Creditors, and (hall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Eftate of fuch Debtor, in fuch manner and upon fuch Terms and Conditions as fuch Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto by the Laws now in force if fuch Debtor had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their refpedivc Securities, otherwife than as the fame would have been affeded br a Proof made in refped thereof by the Creditor under a ComnunM



D.i8i2.

52" GEO. III.

C. 165.

951

Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under fuch mmiflion.

SVIII. And, to the Intent that no Lofs may arife to any rditor or Creditors from any Negled or Omiffion in the Schedule containing the Whole of the Eftate Real or Perfonal belonging my Debtor who (hall apply for his or her Difcharge under the thority of this Ad, be it enaded, That all the Eftate, whether Ertates of Debt'll or Perfonal, which fhali belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and ors not mferted which he, file or they fiiall be adually poffefied or entitled unto ,R s^dule the time of making fuch Schedule, fiiall be deemed and taken oMta Peace!*

>e Part of the Eftate contained in fuch Schedule, though not rted therein, and fiiall in like manner become velted in the Clerk the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer ading as fuch, to all ents and Purpofes as if the fame had been contained in fuch ledule, and had been delivered into ttie Court according to the edions of this Ad.

CIX. Provided always, and be it enaded, That no Perfon hold- Holder* of Sect any Security whatfoever, for which fuch Debtor never received without valuable Confideration, (hall be entitled to receive any Benefit J"on 1 n the Eftate of fuch Debtor, unlefs the Perfon holding fuch Se- £cnefit. ity fhali make it appear to the Satisfadion of the Juftices at le General Quarter Seffion, General Seffion of the Peace, or Ad-mment thereof, that he or (he became poffefied of the fame bona , and for good or valuable Confideration.

CX. Provided always, and be it enaded. That in cafe of the Death Eftate* to vert in Removal of any Clerk of the Peace, Town Clevk or other Officer Clcrk of the ng as Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid, in whom the Eftate, ^j*cc fort,me jht, Title, Intereft or Truft of any Debtor or Debtors fiiall have * 5’ ed by the Authority of this Ad, every fuch Eftate, Right, Title, ereft and Truft, (hall become veiled in the Succcfibr or Succeflbrs every fuch Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer ad-as Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid refpedively, as the cafe may be, dl lutents and Purpofes whatfoever under the Provifions of this

L.

*CXL Provided further, and be it alfo enaded, That no Suit in No Suit in Law w or Equity (hall be commenced by any Affignee or Affignees or Equity with-my fuch Debtor’s Eftate and Effeds, without the Confent of the Content of tor Part in Value of the Creditors of fuch Debtor, who (hall meet Creators.° ether purfuant to a Notice to be given at lead Ten Days before h Meeting in the London Gazette, or other Newfpaper which II be publifhed in the Neighbourhood of the laft Refidence of fuch btor or Debtors, for that Purpofe.

&XII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That nothing in Mortgage* to

1 Ad fiiall extend or he conftrued to hinder or prevent any Mort- tak* pl*« of

je or Mortgages, Charges or Liens upon the Eftate of fuch ^ *n in"

btor or Debtors, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the erlor *tUIe■

ods, Tenements or Hereditaments or Perfonal Eftate or Effeds

nprifed in or charged or affeded by fuch Mortgage or Moit-

jes, Charges or Liens refpedively, nor to prevent any Statute

iple, Statute Merchant, Recognizance or Judgment, acknow-

ged by or obtained againft any fuch Debtor or Debtors, to take *

ce upon the Lands, Tenements or Real Eftates of fuch Debtor

Debtors; and alfo, where any Inquifition (hall have been taken

an any fuch Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution

3P3	ronolAaU

VjOOQLC

952

A.D.i8ir

C.i 6$.	5 2°	GEO.	III.

Power of leafing Lands, Ac veiled in AlTignees.

Gaoler, on Requell of Creditor, I worn.

Oath*

If Perfon delivering in Lilt

fhall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any fuch Judgment before fuch Difcharge (hall be give* in open Seffion to any fuch Debtor as aforefaid, the Ptrfonal Elate of any fuch Debtor refpc&ively (hall be fubjrd thereto in the firf place, for fo much as (hall remain due upon fuch Mortgage, Charge, Lien, Statute, Recognizance or Judgment refpe&ively* in like®*, ncr as fuch Mortgagees and Perfons having fuch Charges or Lies, and Creditors by Statute, Recognizance or Judgment refpe£b?dy would have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, again!! the Real or Pcrfonal Eftate of fuch Debtor or Debtors ft* fpedively if this Ad had not been made ; any thing bcreinbdoct contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 XXIII. And whereas many Perfons who may be entitled tozad 4 claim the Benefit of this Ad, are feifed and poiTcffed of Lauda,

4 Tenements and Hereditaments, to hold to fuch Debtors for the

*	Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granttug Leiies sd

*	taking Fines, referving fmall Rents on fuch Ettates for One, Tro

*	or Three Lives, in Pofieffion or Reverfion, or for forne Number

*	of Years determinable upon Lives, or have Powers over Real or

*	Perfonal Eftate, which fuch Debtors could execute for their ovs 4 Advantage, and which faid Powers ought to be executed for tW 4 Benefit of the Creditors of fuch Debtor ;* Be it therefore nudri by the Authority aforefaid, That in every fuch cafe all and cvm the Powers of leafing fuch Lands, Tenements and Hcreditanenti, and all other fuch Powers as aforefaid over Real or Pcrfonal Elite, which are or (hall be veiled in any fuch Prifoner or Prifoner* as afort-faid, (hall be and are hereby vefted in the Affignee or Affignees of the Real and Perfonal Eftate of fuch Prifoner by virtue of this Ad, to be by fuch Affignee or Affignees executed for the Benefit of ai and every the Creditors of fuch Prisoners as aforefaid.

XXIV. And be it further enabled. That the Juftices at set General Quarter Seffion or General Seffion of the Peace, or Ai joumed Seffion of the Peace, to which any fuch Prifoner Audi be brought in purfuance of this Ad, (hall, if required by any Credit* or C%diiors of any fuch Prifoner or Prifoners who (hall oppoft ha or her Difcharge, adminifter to the Keeper or Gaoler of any fuch Pnka or Gaol, at the time of bringing up any fuch Prisoner in order to be difeharged under this Ad, an Oath to the Effed foUowsg; that is to fay,

4 I*	do	(wear,	That

4 *	was	really	and	truly	a	Prifoner in my Cuftody

4 in the Prifon of	or in Cuftodrii

4 fome other Prifon [at the cafe may be~] to the beft of my Knowkd^

4 and Belief, at or upon the Fifth Day of June One tboufand

*	hundred and twelve, and that the Copy or Copies of tBc Caofecf I

*	Caufes of his [or, her] Commitment or Detainer, now by a*

4 brought, with the Body of the laid

4 produced to the faid Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of tk 4 Caufe or Caufes of fuch Commitment or Detainer, without m « Fraud or Deceit by me or any other Perfon, to the beft of bt i Knowledge aud Belief.	So help me GOD/

And if any Perfon who was a Keeper or Gaoler, or depnted Keeper or Gaoler of any fuch Prifon or Gaol* on the faid Fifth Day of \



D. 1612.

95 3

GEO. Ill*	*	C. 165.

^ tbou&nd eight hundred and twelve, or fisce, fhall not happen not Gaoler be the Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper Or Gaoler of any on June 5, i8iz. :h Prifon or Gaol at the time any fuch Lift as aforefaid is hereby louke °ath* juired to be delivered in, then the Juftices at any fuch Seffion, at any Adjourned Seffion, may and are hereby required to ad-tcifter to the refpeftive Perfon or Perfons who fhall be Keeper or aokr of any Arch Prifon or Gaol or deputed Keeper thereof, and fiver in fuch Lift as aforefaid at any fuch General Quarter Seffion ' General Seffion of the Peace, or Adjourned Selfion, an Oath uching the Commitments or Books of Commitment of any fuch rilon or Gaol, to the Effect following; that is to fay, y	do	fwear.	That	I	have examined Oath.

* the Commitments or Boofes of or concerning tha Commitments of Prifofiers to the Prifon of	[in	the County,

City, Riding, Divifion, Town, Place or Liberty] and that I ao verily believe that the faid Commitments or Books of Commitment are really true and not fiftitious, nor calculated for this Purpofe; and by them it doth appear, that	was	00	the

Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve really and truly a Prifoner in the aftual Cuftody of t the then Keeper or Gaoler, Or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of the « faid Prifon or Gaol [or other Prilbn, ms the cafe may be] without i Fraud or Deceit by me or atiy other Perfon or Perfons, to my Know-« ledge or Belief.	So	help	me GOD/

XXV. And be it further enafted, That no Perfon entitled to Debtors dif-the Benefit of this Aft fhall at any time hereafter be imprifoned charged no? by rcafon of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment of Me to l>e Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts for Non cj?^> to June** Payment of Money, Colts, Sum or Sums of Money contrafted,	*

incurred, occafioned, owing or growing due before the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, but that upon every Arreft upon every Judgment or fuch Decree, or for fuch Debts,

Damages, Contempts, Cofts, Sum and Sums of Money, it fhall and may be lawful for arty Judge of the Court where the rrocefs iflued, or for any Two Juftices of the Peace, upon Ihewing the Copy of the Order of Adjudication as aforefaid, to relertfe and difeharge out of Cuftody fuch Prifoners as aforefaid, and at the fame time to order the Plant ff or Plaintiffs in fuch Suit or Suits to pay fuch Prifoner or Prifoners the Cofts which he, fh? or they fhall have incurve d on fuch Occafion, or fo much thereof as to fuch Judge or Juftices fhall feem juft and reasonable; and every fuch Judge is hereby empowered fo to do on fuch Prisoner's caufing a Common Appearance to he en* tered for him on every fuch Aftton or Suit.

4 XXVI. And whereas under former Afts of this kind Doubt*

4 have arifen what was to be done with fuch Prifoners who apfflted

4 at anv Seffion to be difeharged, who owed and flood charged

4 with l)ebts as well previous as fobfequent to the Day limited by

the refpeftive Afts;' to remedy which oe it therefore ena&ed,That Prifoners in*

no Prifoner or Prifoners fhall be difeharged of any Debts incurred fob- diicharH °f

fequent to the Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and

twelve; and if it fhall appear to the Juftices at any Seffion or	1

Adjournment, that any Prifoner or Prifoners then applying to them

to be difeharged, fhall ftand charged as well with Debts previous to

3P 4	“





954	C.T	6g.	529GEO.	IH.	A.D.18j2-

General HTue.	as fubfequent to the faid Fifth Day of June One thsufami eight hundred and twelve, that in fuch cafes it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Ju dices to difcharge the Perfon of fuch Prifooer on account of all Debts which (hall appear to their Satisfaction, by the Oath of fuch Prifoner not being difproved (or otherwife) to have been incurred previous to the faid Fifth Day of June One thtmfand eight hundred and twelve, and to remand him or her hack to the Cuftody of the Keeper of the Prifon from whence he or {he was brought, for all Debts which he or (he ftands charged with ia ha Cuftody, which fnall appear to the Juftices to have been incurred fubfequent to the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight fcw-dred and twelve, and their Order for fuch Difcharge (hall indemnify the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, againft any Efcape or Efcapes, Aftion or Actions wliatfoever fgr F.fcapes, which (hall or may be brought, commenced or proiec*it-d againft him or them ; any thing to the contrary herein uotwkh* Handing.  XXVIT. And be it further enafted, That if any Aftion of Efcape, or any Suit or Aftion be brought againft any Juilice or Juftices of the Peace, Sheriff, Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon, forperfonnig their Office in purfuance of this Aft, they may plead the Geaerd Iffue, and give this Ad in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nor-
Treble Cofts. Ail p5«nded generally by Ffiibners.	fuited or discontinue his Aftion, or Verdict pafs againft: him, or Jodf* ment upon Demurrer, the Defendant (hall have Treble Colls.  XXVIII. And be it further enadhd. That if any Seire Fxw or Adion of Debt or upon Judgment (hall be brought againft m Prifoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, upon azj Judgment obtained againft any fuch Prifoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her before the faid Fifth Day of June One thouland eight hundred and twelve, with rt-fpeft to Prifoners in adual Cuftody on the faid Fifth Day of Jw One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch Prifoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Adminifb> tor8, to plead generally that fuch Prifoner was actually a Prifonerk fuch Prifon, or in fome other Prifon, at fuch a Pcrfon’s Suit oa the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and tvrehe, and was or were duly difeharged according to this Aft, at the General Quarter Seffion or General Seflion, or Adjournment thereof, held at fuch Time and Place for fuch County, Liberty, City, Town or place (according to his, her or their cafe) without pleading any Matter fpecially ; and in cafe any other Suit or Action ftiall be commenced againft him, her or them, for any other Debt* Sura or Sams of Money due before the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, to plead in Difcharge of his or her Perfon from Execution, (over and above fuch Matters as aforefaid) that fuch Debt or Sum of Money (as the cafe may be) was contrafted or doe before the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, without pleading any other Matter fpecially, whereto the Plaintiff (hall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforefaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may (hew the faid Defendant not to be entitled to the Benefit of thu Aft and not duly difeharged according to it, in the fame maimer as the Plaintiff might have replied in cafe the Defendant had pleaded tty* Aft? and his Difcharge by virtue of this Aft fpedally; and if  dip



A.D.i8i2.

955

52° GEO. TIL	0.165.

tlie Plaintiff be nonfuited, difcontinue his AAion, or VerdiA pafs againft him, or Judgment or Demurrer, the Defendant to have Treble Cods.

XXIX.	And be it further enaAed by the Authority aforefaid, "That in cafe any Perfon being a Prifoner charged in Execution on the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and having before or fince that Day petitioned any Court to be dif-cliarged as an Insolvent Debtor, and having conformed to the feveral Provifions of the Laws in being for that Purpofe, fhall have been brought up, and by the Court remanded back to the Prifon or Gaol from which fuch Prifoner was brought up, there to continue in Execution, on the Undertaking of his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay to him fuch weekly or other Allowance as by Law is direAed to be paid in fuch cafe, during fuch time as fuch Prifoner (hould remain in Execution at the Suit of fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and fuch Prifoner fo continued in Execution fhall have been or lhali be uif-charged from fuch Execution by his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiff*, without his or her own Privity or Confent, fubfequent to the faid Fifth Day of June One thouland eight hundred and twelve, and before the Day whereon he or file might otherwife have applied to take the Benefit of this AA, every fuch Prifoner fhall be entitled, notwithftanding fuch Difeharge, to the fame Relief and Advantage, to ail Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, which he or fhe might pr could otherwife have obtained by virtue of this AA ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXX.	Provided always, That nothing in this AA contained fhall extend or be conflrued to extend, to releafe or difeharge any Attorney at Law, Solicitor, or any other Perfon or Perfons aAing or pretending to aA as fuch, with regard to any Debt with which he or they fhall fland charged for any Money or other EffeAs recovered Qr received by him or them for the Ufe of any Perfon or Perfons, JJodies Corporate or Politick, and by any Attorney, Solicitor or any other Perfon or Perfons acting as fuch, embezzled, concealed or Converted to his or their own Ufe; or to releafe or difeharge any Servant or Agent, or any other Perfon or Perfons employed or en-trufted as fuch, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, fhe or they fhall fland charged, for or on account of any Money, Goods or other EffeAs received or pofTeffed by him, her or them, for the Ufe and on account of his, her or their Mailer or Mailers or Employers, and by fuch Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed or converted to his, her or their own Ufe; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding ; except where fuch Perfons fhall have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Ten Years laft paft.

4 XXXI- And whereas many evil difpofed Perfons, to fupport 4 their profligate Way of Life, by various fubtile Stratagems, Threats 4 and Devices, and under affumed and fiAitious Name or Names for

•	the Purpofe of obtaining Credit, have fraudulently obtained divers

*	Sums ot' Money, or Sepurities for Money, Goods and Merchan-€ dizes, to the great Injury of Trade and Credit ;* Be it cnaAed, That no Prifoner, who knowingly and defignedly, by falfe Pretence or Pretences, or under any fiAitious Name or Names affumed for the Purpofe of obtaining Credit, fhall have obtained from any Perfon or Perions fifoney, Qoods, Wares, Merchapdize, Bonds, Bills of Exchange,

Treble Cofti.

Prifoners who, 01 Application us hil'ulvent Deh ors, remanded back, and lioce dil-charcred without Coulenr, entitled to Benefit of AA.

AA not to ex-v tend to Atror-ntes, &c. embezzling Money, except confined IO Year:.

Nor to Perfoni obtaining Money or Goods under fall'e Pretences, fcc. except confined 10 Yeaw,



A.DiSil

Pj6	C.165.	5a0	GEO.	III.

change, PromHfory Notes or other Securities for Money, fboH hare

or rrceire any Benefit or Difoharge by or under this AS; but 00 du * Proof of fuch fraudulent Condud as aforefaid, the Jnftkes ihal remand Inch Prifoner to the Cuftody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prifon from which be or fhe fhatt have been brought up to take the Benefit of this Ad ; any thing herein contained to the contrary not with (landing ; except where fuch Perfon (hall have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Ten Years laft pafl.

Nor toPrifonen	XXXII. Provided always. That no Prifoner wlio (hall have been

Pr.if Jl° remail^ed to Prifon under any Ad heretofore paffed for the Relief of Inf .iv-nTVA Insolvent Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Money, Goods or for fraudul ntiy Securities for Money on falfe Pretences, or for having fecretly or obtauiing'Money fraudulently removed Stock, Cattle or other Effeds, which were fob-jed or liable to be detained for Rent, or who (hall have loft or forfeited the Benefit of any fuch former Ad, by having made any fraudulent Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Afiignment, firice his or her Imprifonment, to the Prejudice of his Creditor or Creditors, or who (hall have fraudulently obtained a Difcbarge under fuch former Ad, or (hall have taken a falfe Oath under fuch Ad, (hall have or receive any Benefit or Difcharge under this Ad, but (hall be remanded to Prifon as aforefaid by the Juftices before whom he or fhe (hall be Nor to PeHbns brought up to take the Benefit of this Ad : Provided alfo, that no charged in Exe- Perfon charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Adioa cution for D.i- for Criminal Coaverfation with the Wife of the Plaintiff in fuch irai'r* in Action A&ion, or in Adion for fcducing or carnally knowing the Daughter CoilverTJiion See. or Female Servant of the Plaintiff, or in any Adion for a malicious •xcept confined Profecutibn, or in any Adion for any other malicious Injury, fhall have jo Yetfs. any Benefit under this Ad, except only in cafes where the PlahitifFto fuch Adions refpedively fhall bedead,and no Perfon (ball have obtained Probate of the Will or Letters of Adminiilration of the Effeds of fuch Plaintiff within Twelve Months after his Deceafe 5 except where fuch Perfon (hall have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Tot Years laft paft.

4 XXXIII. And whereas many Debtors for Rents of Lands, Mef-c fuages, Houfes and other Premifes, have, with fraudulent Intent 4 to difappoiiit the Right of their refpedive Landlords, removed the 4 Stock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods or other Effeds, which were fob-* jed or liable to be diftrained for the Satisfaction of thefaid Rents;' Nor to Perrons Be it therefore enacted, That no Prifoner or Prifoners who in a feem, removing Effect clandeftine or fraudulent manner, (hall have removed or caufed to be of Vdne of.tol. removed within Six Yeans any fuch Stock, Cattle, Furniture, liable to l>e dii- QqQ^9 & Effeds of the Value of Thirty Pounds or upwards, which confined1 * were	or	hable	to	be	diftrained	by their refpedive Landlord or

10 Yearn Landlords for or in Payment of fuch Rent or Rents, whereby fuch Landlord or Landlords (ball have loft all or fome Part of the Rent or Rents due to him, her or them as aforefaid, (hall be difebarged by Or under this Ad, but (hall be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned $ provided fuch Proof (hall be made thereof as (ball be fatisfadory to the Juftices before whom fuch Prifoner (hall be «	brought up to take the Benefit of this Ad, except where foch Perfon

(hall have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Ten Years laft paft.

4 XXXTV. And whereas many Debtors have, with a View to 4 defraud their Creditors) foM, transferred) conveyed or affigued their

• EfUte



A.D.i8n.

«7

GEO. HI.	Ci	6s.

Eftate or Efteds to fome Perfon or Perfbns, fubfcqnent to their 1 being in Cuftody of Law or imprifoned under fome ProceL of Debt:

1 And whereas fuch Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Affignment hath c been fraudulently made, to the Injury of his Creditor or Creditori,

1 though it hath been difficult to convid the Party of a fraudulent * Oefign ;* Be it enaded, That whenever it fhall be proved by Nor to rtrfoot One or more credible Witnefs or WitneTTea that fuch Prifoner has pi0***0*, fold, transferred, conveyed or affigned to any Perfon or Perfons all frauj Credifort, or any Part of his Eftate or Effeds fubfequent to the time of hrs e>;cept COnfintd Imprifonment without juft Caufe for fo doing, to be determined by io Yeais; the Ju dices before whom fuch Prifoner (hall be brought op to take the Benefit of this Ad, every fuch Debtor fhall lofe all the Benefits and Advantages that he might have otherwHe claimed under the Authority of this Ad, and fhall be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned ; and every fuch Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Affignment is hereby declared null and void, except where fuch Perfon fhall have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Ten Years laft paft.

* XXXV. And whereas many Prifoners fquander and expend 4 great Part of their remaining Property by playing at Cards, Dice 4 or other unlawful Games, to the great Injury of their Creditors Be it enaded, That nothing in this Ad fhall extend or be conftroed Nor to Perfon* to extend to difeharge or releafe any Prifoner who hath or fhall have Money at loft, in any one Day fince the Date of his Commitment to Prifon Phyexccja confer any Debt with which he flood charged on the Fifth Day of June Yean***0 One thoufahd eight hundred and twelve, the Sara or Value of Twenty Pounds, or in the Whole fince fuch Commitment as aforefaid, the Sum of One hundred Pounds in playing at or with Cards, Dice,

Tables, Tennis, Bowls, Billiards or other Game or Games what-foever, or in or by bearing a Share or Part m the Stakes, Wagers or Adventures, or in or by betting oil the Sides or Hands of fuch as do play as aforefaid; but on due Proof thereof, to the SatisfadioA of the Juflice8 afiembled at fuch Quarter Seffion or Adjourned Seflion before which fuch Prifoner fhall be brought, it fhah be lawful for fuch Juftices, and they are hereby required to remand fneh Prifoner to Gaol, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary not with Handing, except where fuch Perfcm fhall have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Two Years laft paft.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted. That if any Debtor, being Debtors refilling

thereunto required by any Creditor or Creditors, fhall refufe to to difover come to the Lodge of the Prifon in which any fuch Prifoner fhifl Trade andAbodt be confined, or when come to fuch Lodge fhall refufe to difeover	#*

and declare the Trade or Occupation and the Uft Place of Abode or	excluded

Habitation, to the beft of his or her Knowledge or Belief, of the Benefit of A&. Perfon or Perfons at whofe Suit he or fhe was detained or charged

in Cuftody, without fome reasonable Caufe being fhewn for fuch Refufal, every fuch Debtor, on Proof being made thereof before the Juftices at any General or Quarter Seffion of the Peace or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforefaid, fhall not have or receive any Benefit or Difeharge by or under this Ad; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithflanding.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and De it hereby further enaded, No Warrant That it fhall not be lawful for any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for itTuecf for P.i-the County of Surrey, to iflue his or their Warrant or Warrants for £one5s Dlfcbarg* the bringing up of any Prifoner or Prifoners in order to his, her or ^uf°m

5	their

v^ooQle

A.D.i8ii.



C. 165.

5 2“GEO. m.

JufUceifijr Yc k and Lincoln m.iy hk Id a Seflion rtor to County Caol.

J nfllce* for

of Holland may hold Adjourned Seflion.

lVifoners inCuf-tody for Prifon Fees, difebarged.

Prifoners in Cuftody for Contempt ot Court, Jcc. dilcharged.

their Difcharge under the ProviGons of this Ad, at any Seflion or Adjourned Seflion of the Peace, other than fuch as (hall be hddra at the Seflion Houfe in Horfcmonger Lane, in the Parifh of Nnsing-ion in the faid County.

*	XXXVIII. And whereas there is but one Common or County 4 Gaol for each of the refpedive Counties of York or ZiarWa, which * faid Counties are each of them divided into feveral Ridings or 4 Divifions, all of which have feveral Commiffions of the Peace; 4 and if the Gaoler of thefe Gaois be obliged to carry the Debtor, 4 Pflfoners therein, to the Quarter SefGon cf fuch Riding orDmSoa, 4 the fame will be a very great Charge, not only to fuch Gaoler, ‘ tut alfo to the Prifoners in thefe large Counties ;* Be k therefore enacted by the Authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful fov Two or more Juflices of the Peace for *ny of the Ridings or Divifions in the refpedlive Counties, (or any other County or Counties where the Pnfons are at a Diftance from the Place where the Seflions are held) at the Common or County Gaol thereof refpec-tively, or at any other Gaol or Gaols within the faid Counties, ora fome convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to aflemble and meet and to hold Seflion there by Adjournment from their refpedive Quarter Seflion, from time to time, for tne Difcbzrge of the refpedive Prifoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations and Directions of this Ad.

*	XXXIX. And whereas the Diftrid or Divifion of Hodacd, w 4 the faid County of Lincoln, is diftant near Forty Miles from tie 4 faid County Gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expenfive far 4 the Juflices of the Peace ading for the faid Divifion, to be obligrd 4 to travel to the faid Gaol, for the foie Purpofe of difchargiitg the 4 Prifoners under the Powers by this Ad given Be it therefore enaded, That, for the feveral Purpofes aforefaid, the Juftice? for the faid Divifion or Diftrid of Holland may adjourn their original Seflions to the County Gaol, or to fome Place near thereunto; and it fliall and may be lawful for any Two Juflices of the Peace ading either for the Parts of Lindfty, Kejieven or Holland, to hold fuch Adjourned Seflion for the foie Purpofe of difeharging fuch Prifoners, Notice of the Adjournment of fuch original Scluons being given by the Clerk of Seflions to fuch Juflices, and who fhall attend there to regifter the Proceedings of the faid Court, fo far as the fame relate to or affed the Difcharge of any Prifoner detained for Debt in the Divifion of Holland, and claiming the Benefit of thi« Ad.

XL. And be it further enaded, That all Debtors and others, who were in Prifon on or before the faid Fifth Day of June Oee thoufand eight hundred and twelve, in any fuch Gaols and now remain, for not paying their Fees, Rent or other Demands due or claimed as due to the Keeper or Keepers of any Prifon refpedirely, or to any other Officer of fuch Prifon, aud upon no other account, fliall be difeharged therefrom, he, (he or they taking the Oath by this required to be taken by Prifoners.

XLI. And be it further enaded, That all Perfons committed by any Courts of Law or Equity for Contempt in not paying Moaty ordered or awarded to be paid, or for not paying of Cofts duly red regularly ordered to be taxed and allowed by the proper Officer after proper Demand made for that Purpofe, or upon any Writ of Excem* municato Capiendo, or other Procefs for or grounded oq the Non Pay-

meat



Google

A.D. 1812.

959 ^

52* GEO. III.	C.	t6j.

ment of Money, Cods or Expences in any Caufe or Proceedings in any Ecclefiaftical Court, or for Contempt of fuch Court relating thereto, and who were in Cuftody on the Fifth Day of June One thbufand eight hundred and twelve, and have ever fince continued, and now are in Cuftody for the fame, (hall be entitled to all the Benefits and Provifions of this Ad, fubjed to the fame Terms, Conditions and ReftridionB, as are herein exprefled and declared with refped to Prifoners for Debt only.

XL.II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, That Aflnottoex-this A£k (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend to difcharge any te,*d to Debtors Prifoner feeking the Benefit of this Ad, with refped to any Debt °l~r0'?n or . * or Penalty with which he or (he (hall ftand charged at the Suit of* Revenu” unleli the Crown, or of any Perfon for any Offence committed againft Treafury con-any A<d or Ads of Parliament relative to His Msjefty’s Revenues of feut. Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other public Officer upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Perfon profecuted for any Offence committed againft any A€k or Ads of Parliament relative to His Majesty’s faid Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Public Revenue, unlefs any Three of the Lords Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Treafury for the time being (hall certify their Con-feot under their Hands, to the faid Juftices at their faid Seflion or Adjournment thereof, for the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner as aforefaid.

* XLIII. And whereas under former Ads Creditors have been

*	put to great Expence and Trouble in attending every Seflion or

*	Adjournment, during the Continuance of this Ad, to oppofe the 4 Difcharge of Debtors clearly excluded from any Benefit under the 4 faid refoedive Ads, but who, afrer having been before one Seflion

*	and refufed a Difcharge, gave freffi Notices for each fubfequent

*	Seflion and Adjournment of their intended Application to be dif-4 charged, with the foie View of harailing and fubjedting to Incon-4 venience their Creditors to remedy which, be it further enacted

by the Authority aforefaid. That in all cafes whatever the Determi- Determination nation of the Juftices in Seflion or Adjournment (hall be final to all In- of Juflice* final, tents and Purpofe3, unlefs the Debtor (hall get rid of the Objection or Objedions for which they refufed his Difcharge ; and that the J^etions to Defame may be clear and certain, the Juftices are hereby required to (late charge, the Objedions why fuch Debtor’s Difcharge is refufed by them ; and in alleges whatever it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the Juftices, at fome one fubfequent Seflion or Adjourned Seflion within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after he (hall have been fo remanded, upon Application of fuch Debtor, and due Proof on Oath or other- Oath, wife to the Satisfadion of the Juftices in Seflion or Adjournment, of fuch Objedion or Objedions being removed, and on Proof of Notice ferved at lead Twenty Days previous to fuch Application on the Creditor or Creditors who before oppofed his Difcharge, and of Notice likewife inferted in the London Gazette in manner before dU reded by this Ad, to order fuch Debtor to be once more, but only one time more, brought before them ; and if no other Objedion or Objedions (hall then be made to the Difcharge of fuch Debtor by ^y Creditor or Creditors, or being made, the fame (hall be overruled by the Juftices then prefent, and they (hall then be of Opinion that the faid Debtor is entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, to

adjudge



$6e

C. rrt^.

AJXitii

51° GEO. IIL

Eibtei of whkh Prifonm are feiied in Tail, delivered up to Creditors.

AfBgBttt rosy

apply for further Examination of Debtors to Two Jultioe*

adjudge him or her to be entitled thereto,and to order him or her to be discharged, he or (he taking the Oath, and io all other refpe&a conforming to the Dire&ions of this A&•

4 XLIV. And whereas it may happen that federal Perfons who 4 may claim and be entitled to the Beuefit of this Ad, are Unfed of 4 an Eftate Tail in fome Freehold Lands, Tenements or Heredita-

*	menu, which Entail, with the Remainders thereon expedant, they

*	have by Law Power to defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine or

*	Fines, Coffering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries wbere-4 by the find Freehold Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of 4 fuch Perfbn or Perfons would be liable to the Payment of their 4 Debts, and be delivered up according to the Terms of this Ad, 4 for the Benefit of their Creditors ;* Be it therefore farther ena&ed, That in every fuch cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fo feiied as aforefaid, and who (bail be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Ad, (ball to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever in Law be deemed and taken* and is and are hereby declared to be fieifed of fuch Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in Fee, and the fame tiall be delivered up to fuch Creditor or Creditors of every fuch Prifbner in the Came manner as & fuch Perfon or Perfons had a&ually levied a Fine, fufferrd a Common Recovery or Recoveries, and thereby had become foiled in Fee ; any Law or Conftru&ion of Law to the contrary thereof in any wife not-with (landing.

4 XLV. And whereas many Perfons who may be entitled to and 4 claim the Benefit of this Ad have been great Dealers, or otherwise 4' engaged in large Tranfa&ions, whereby they may be entitled toior-4 dry and great Debts and Demands of various and intricate Natures, 4 and they may be entitled to Equities of Redemption of EHates 4 fubjed and liable to Mortgages, Judgments or other Incumbrances, 4 or to Reverfions, Remainders or other contingent Edates. Lands, 4 Tenements or Hereditaments, or to other Tnrfts or Interefts m 4 ERates both Real and Petfonal, which may not be fufficiently de-4 feribed or difcovered io the Schedule or Inventory before dirrded 4 to be delivered in upon Oath by the Prifbner to be difeharged as 4 aforefaid, or which may want his Aid and Alfiftance to adjuft, make 4 out, recover or manage for the Benefit of his Creditors fie it therefore ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpe&ive Aflignees of the Edate and Ef&eu of fuch Debtor or Debtors who (hail obtain his, her or their Dif* charge in purfuance of this A6fc, or any other Perfon or Perfons duly authorized by them for that Purpofe, from time to time to apply to any Two or more of the Juft ices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty where fuch Debtor or Debtors (hall be the* refiding, thereby defiring that fuch Debtor or Debtors may be farther examined as to any Matters a ad Things relating to his, her or their Eftate or Effc&s; whereupon fuch indices (ball fend for or call before them fuch Debtor or Debtors by fuch Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means as they (ball think fit; and upon foch Debtot* appearing, (hall examine him, her or them, as well upon Oath or otherwife, as to fuch Matters and Things as fbch Affignee thadl defire, relating to the Eftate and Effe&s of fuch Debtor or Debtors; and if any Debtor or Debtors, on Payment or Tender of Payment of fuch reafonaWe Charges as fuch indices (had judge fofScwut, (hall negiefl or refufc to come or appear, not having a lawful Excnfo,

allowed



Google

GEO. III.

C.itfj.	96*

allowed by fuel* Juttices, or being come before them (bail refufe to b£ fwora or to aafwer fuch Queftions as by fuch Juttices (hall be put to him, her or them relating to the Difcovery of his, her or their Eftate or Effe&t fo retted or intended to be retted in fuch Clerk of the Peace, ;Town Clerk or other Officer a&ing as Clerk of the Peace, of fuch AfEgnees as aforefaid, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Justices by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend fuch Debtor or Debtors fb offending as aforefaid, and him, her or them to commit to the Common Gaol, there to remain without imprIfonment> Bail or Mainprise until fuch time as he, (he or they (hall fubmit him, her or themfelves to fuch Joffices, and anfwer upon Oath to ail fuch lawful Queftions as (hall by fuch Juttices be put to him, her or them for the Purpofes aforefaid.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That notwkhftand- Fraudulent Diff ing the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Aft, charges void, if it (hall hereafter appear that the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath takeo by any fuch Debtor was not true, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Difcharge (hall be void and of none Effed.

XLVIL And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be law- Affignees with ful at all times hereafter, for any Aifignee or Affignees of the Eftate Confent of M«i-or Effe&s of any Debtor or Debtors, who (hall be choien in purfu- 1,1 Value °f ance of this Adi, by and with the Confent of the major Part in Value comi^undDc^bts, of the Creditors of fuch Debtor or Debtors who (hall be prefent at a Meeting to be had on Twenty one Days Notice being previoufly putes to Arbitr*-given for the Purpofe hereafter mentioned, in the London Gazette, don. if the Debtor was in Cuftody in London, or within the Weekly BiHs of Mortality, and if not, then aifo in fome Newfpaper which (hall be publifbed in the County, City or Place in or near which fuch Perfon or Perions (hall have been in Gaol, to make Comp ©fit ions with any Perfon or Perform or Accountants to fuch Debtor or Debtors, where the fame (hall appear neceflary or reasonable, and to take fuch rea-fonabie Part of any fuch Debt as can upon any fuch Compofition be gotten, in full Difcharge of fuch Debts and Accounts 5 and alfo to fubmit any Difference or Difpute between fuch Affignee or Affignees and any Perfon or Perfbns for or o«i account or by reafon of any matter, Caufe or Thing relating to the Eftate and Effe&s of fuch Debtor or Debtors; and every fuch Afiignee or Affignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they (hall fairly do in the Premifes in'pursuance of this Ad.

f XLVIII. And whereas Provifion ought to be made as to what * (hould become of the Eftate and Effe&s of any Debtor or Debtors 4 not got in, obtained or recovered by any Affignec or Affignees at 4 the time of his or their Death or Deaths, and whofe Heir or Heirs,

4 Executors, Adraimftrators and Afligns refufe to ad or meddle 4 therein to remedy which be it enaded, That in aff fuch cafes it If Affiances die, (hall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every fuch othcis chofen. Debtor or Debtors to chufe a new Affignee or Affignees, and to obtain a new Alignment from the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy,

Town Clerk or other Officer a&ing as Clerk of the Pence purfuant to the Order of the Juttices, and which faid Otder the faid Juttices are hereby required and empowered to dired (on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of fuch f former Affignee or Af-ffgneea, and Refufal to his or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators

Google

and



A.D.t8i:<

$6*	C.i	6;.	520	GEO.	III.

Courts on Coro* plaint may remove A. Tenets.

In cafes of tmitu.il Credit Bab.icc ilated.

and Affigns to ad or meddle therein), and the Crid Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer ading as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby empowered to obey the fame, and execute fuch Affignment accordingly, in manner and Form as if no former Affigiu meat had ever been made, the faid Affignee or Affignees, Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace hereby conforming to all Orders and Dire&iom made by this A A relative to them or any of them, and to be liable to all fuch Pains and Penalties as are inflided on them or any of them by this Act for Difobedience in any Part thereof or Negied of Duty whatever; and in cafe any fuch Affignee or Affignees (hall die, and his Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators or Affigns, (hall refnfe to ad, that then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices of the Peace to appoint a new Affignee or Affignees with like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Ad ; and the faid Juftices fhall haw Power in a fummary way to oblige their Heirs, Executors, Adminif-trators and Affigns of fuch Affignee or Affignees to account for and deliver up all fuch Eftate and EfFeds as (hall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Purpofes of this Ad.

XLIX. And, to the Intent and Purpofe that the Eftate and Efleds of fuch Debtor or Debtors as (hall be difeharged by virtue of this Ad, may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her or their real Creditors, be it enaded by the Authority aforefcid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpedive Courts at Wcjt-minjler, and the Courts of Great Seffions in lValei> and the Counties Palatine of Chefter% I.ancqfler and Durham refpe&ively, from whence any Procefs iflued upon which any fuch Debtor or Debtors was or were committed, or where the Procefs iffued out of any other Court, and for the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pkas and Exchequer, or of Great Seffions, or Counties Palatine afore-faid, within their refpedive Jurifdidions, or any of them, from time to time, upon the Petition of any fuch Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of fuch Debtor, complaining of any Infufficieucy, Fraud or Mifcondud of any Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate or EfFeds of any fuch Debtor or Debtors, to fummon all Parties concerned, ard upon hearing the Parties concerned therein to make and give foch Orders and Diredions therein, either for the Removal of fuch Affignee or Affignees, and appointing any new Affignee or Affignees in the Place of fuch Affignee or Affignees fo to be removed, and for the prudent, juft and equitable Management or Diftribution of the Eftate and EfFeds Of any fuch Debtor, for the Benefit of the refpedive Creditors, as the (aid Courts or Judges refpedively (hall think fit; and in cafe of the Removal of any Affignee or Affignees and the appointing of any new Affignee or Affignees, the Eftate and Efteds of fuch Debtor or Debtors (hall from thenceforth be divefted out of the Affignee or Affignees fo removed, and be veiled m and delivered over to luch new Affignee or Affignees, in the fame manner antd for the fame Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were before veftid in the Affignee or Affignees firft chofen 5 any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

L. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That in all cafes where mutual Credit hath been given between any Debtor who (hall be difeharged in purfuance of this|Ad and any other Perfon or Per-foni9 or Bodies Corporate or Politick, before the Delivery of fach

Sche*



•D.i8ix

963

520 GEO. III.	C.	165.

zhedule or Inventory of the Eftate and Effedls of fuch Debtor or debtors upon Oath as aforefaid, the refpedlive Afllgnee or Affignees : fuch Debtor or Debtors 19 and are hereby authonzed and required 1 his and their Parts to ftate and allow an Account between them id the other Party or Parties concerned 5 and nothing more {hall be jemed to be vefted in fuch Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, or her Officer adling as Clerk of the Peace, or fuch Affignee or Af-rnees as aforefaid, as the Eftate and Effedls of fuch Debtor or ebtors than what|(hall appear to bejuftly due to him, her or them re* edlively, as and for the Balance of fuch Account when truly ftated.

‘ LI. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprifoned for Debt upon Proceffes iffuing out of Courts of Confcience 5’ it is hereby enadled and declared, That all fuch Pr»-ners (hall be entitled to have the Benefit of this Adi, and be dif-targed under the fame, provided he, (he and they conform to the iredlions hereinbefore preferibed, touching other Prifoners who {hall 1 difeharged by virtue of this Adi 5 and the Keeper or Keepers, aoler or Gaolers, of all and qvery Gaol, Prifon or other Place of onftnement, in which any Perfon or Perfons are confined, or charged Execution with Debts under Procefs or Proceffes iffuing out of or am fuch Courts of Confcience, are hereby required to make out and liver to the Juftices affembled at the next General Quarter Seflion General Seffion of the Peace, or Adjourned Sefiion of the Peace, a lie Lift or Lifts of the Prifoners in their Cuftody fo confined' or larged in Execution, in like manner as the Gaolers or Keepers of her Prifons are dire&ed by this Adt.

* And whereas Debtors are frequently, to the Injury of them-felves and their Creditors, remanded back to Prifon, on account of mere Errors or Omiffions in point of Form relating to their Notices, ar the making out of their Schedules, or other Proceedings diredled by this Adi it is hereby enadled and declared, That it {hall and ly be lawful to and for the Juftices affembled at fuch General Quar-r Seffion or General Seffion of die Peace, or Adjournment thereof as orefaid, to amend fuch Matters of Form, or to fupply fuch Omiffions, to corredl fuch Errors in the faid Notices, Schedules or other Pro-edings diredled by this Adi, as {hall appear to the faid Juftices to ive arifen from Ignorance or Miftake of the Parties, witliout re-anding back the faid Prifoner or Prifoners ; any thing hereinbefore mtained to the contrary not with (landing.

LIII. And be it further enadled, That in all cafes whatfoever the ifolvent, upon his releafing any Intereft he or {he may have in the efiduum of his or her Eftate, {hall and may be admitted as a good id fufficient Witnefs in any Adlion or Caufe to be inflituted by his her Afllgnee or Aflignees for the Recovery of any Debts due to ie faid Infolvcnt, in the fame manner as a Bankrupt may after obtain-g his Certificate.

LIV. And be it further enadled. That nothing herein contained all be deemed or taken to difeharge the future Eftate or Effedb, eal or Perfonal, of any Perfon or Perfons difehurged under this Adi, hether fuch Perfon or Perfons (ball or (hall not have been charged Execution of or from the Payment of any Debts, Damages, Colls, am or Sums of Money due, owing or demandable from any fuch Per-n or Perfons, or in refpedlof which any fuch Perfon or Perfons was r were iu Cuftody; and all and every Perfon or Perfons entitled to 52 Gto. III.	3	Q	receive



Perfons imprifoned by Courts of Confcience entitled to Benefit of Atf, and I.ids returned to Seflioa.

Juftices may amend Notices and Schedules iu Mattmof Form.

Infolvent, on relcafing; lute-reds good Witncls.

Future F.l"htr< of Debtors dii‘-cirarped nnd r AM li.ihlc fur Deb.s.

Google

9*4

A.D. i8li.

Htvinf taken Benefit of lnfol-vent A£t within Five Year*, not entitled to Relief.

Bankrupt*; how far availed by

aa.

Holies* of Bankrupt, bow rtgoUtal

C.I 65.	52® GEO. III.

receive or be paid any fuch Debt, Damages, Colts, Sam or Sams of Money, (hall have all fuch and the like Remedies in Law or Equity again (I fuch future Eftate and Effeds, other than and except the ne-cefTary Apparel aitd Bedding of fuch Perfon or Perfons and tbeir Family* and the neceffary Tool 3 for his, her or their Trade and Occupation, not exceeding the Value of Forty Pounds, but not agaiaft the PerCon of the Party for Payment thereof, as he, file or they might have had if this Ad had not been made ; and in any cafe in which the Payment or Recovery of fuch Demands or Sums of Money could, before the pafling of thi9 Ad, have been enforced only by Commitment, either on the Ground of Contempt or otherwise, of the Perfons habk thereto, the Patty interfiled therein (hall be and is hereby enabled to fue the Perfon or Perfons who ought to have paid the fame for what (hall remain unfinished thereof, in like manner as if the Sum remaking unfatisfied had been Money lent and advanced by or Mooey bad and received for the Ufe of the Perfon having fuch Demand, but fall be entitled to recover or have Execution out of or agaiuft foch future Eftates and Effeds only, and (hall not be entitled to arrrft or take k Execution the Party agaiuft whom fuch Demand (hall be euforced.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That 00 Perfon who fall have within the Space of Five Years previous to the paffiog of this Ad taken the Benefit of any Ad heretofore pafled tor the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, (hall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Ad, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, fo as to be difeharged under the fame; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithftandi^g*

LvI. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no Pii-foner again ft whom any Commiflion of Bankrupt fall have iiTued and (hall remain in force, and who (hall not have obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the feveral Statutes concerning Bankrupts uuder fuch Commiflion duly allowed, (hall be difeharged by virtse of this A£t from any Debt which (hall have been or may be proved Under fuch Commiflion, unlefs fuch Commiflion (hall have ifTued, and fuch Bankrupt (hall have duly furrendered himfelf or hrrfelf to the Commiflioncrs, or the major rart of them named in the laid Com-miflion, Two Years at the lead before the palling of this Ad, and (hall in all things have duly conformed himfelf or herfelf to the (event Statutes concerning Bankrupts; and unlefs the major Part of the Commiflioncrs named in fuch Commiflion (hall fpedallv Certify, which they are hereby authorized to do if they (hall think fit, that foch Bankrupt has lo duly conformed, and has in their Opinion made a fafi and fair Difclofrre of all his or her Eftate or Effeds, and in all thkgi condudcd himfelf or herfelf properly under fuch Commifioo; and in all fuch cafes fuch Bankrupt mall be capable of being difeharged in refped of all Debts which cannot be proved under fuch Coin-million, in the lame manner and upon the lam? Terms as any other Prifoner may be difeharged by virtue of this Ad, and (haU and nay be difeharged as to penonal Arreft for Debt in refped of all Debts proved or capable of beiqg proved uuder fuch Commifiioa ; but never-tbelefs fuch Bankrupt, and bis or far^Effeds, (hall in all other refpefib whatfoever remain (ubjed to the fas in force concerning Bankrupts, at he or (he would have been if this Ad had not been made.

LVIL Provided always. That in the Notices to be given by fuch Bankrupt, and the Oath to be taken by him or her according to the

Pto*

(^.ooQle

UD.l8l2.

96S

52° GEO. Ill;	C.	i<S$.

rovi/iont of this Adi, fuch Bankrupt (hall be defcribed as a Perfon ;ainft whom a Commiflion of Bankrupt has iffued and is dill in force, id who has not obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to e Statutes concerning Bankrupts duly allowed ; and fuch Bankrupt,

(tend of fwearing to the Truth of a Schedule of his or her Eftate

•	Effedls, (hall (wear that he or (he has made a full Difclofure of his

*	her Effedls under the faid Commiflion, and that he or lhe has no (late or Effedts which can be vefted in an Alfignee under this Adi,

1 the Eftate and Effedts of fuch Bankrupt being vefted in the Af-Tnee or Afiignees under fuch Commiflion by virtue of fuch Com-iflion, and the Aflignment made in purfuance thereof.

LVIII. Provided always, That in cafe fuch Commiflion (hall at Commiflion fitly time thereafter be fuperfeded, then and n fuch cafe the Difcharge p«rfeded Dif-hich (hall be obtained by virtue of this Adi (hall be null and void. ******* voiA*

* JLIX* And whereas it is expedient that the Relief granted by this Adi (hould be extended to the feveral Prefidencies or Settlements of Fort William, Fort Saint George, Bombay and Prince of Wales's IJland in the Eajl Indies Be it therefore enadled, That the fame Alt to extend to all be extended thereto, and that the Court of Diredors of the Eafi Fort William, tdia Company (hall, and they are hereby required to tranfmit this *c-,n A to their feveral Governments in the laid rrelidencies or Settle- Indlca* ents, by the firft Ships of the faid Company which (hall fail for India 'ter the paffing of this Adi 5 and that the faid Governments (hall imediately on the Receipt thereof communicate the fame refpedtively

>	the Supreme Courts of Judicature at Fort William and Ft/rt Saint 'eorge, to the Recorder’s Court at Bombay, and to the Court of udicature at Prince of Wales's IJlandy which faid Courts (hall, upon ich Communication, with the lead poffible Delay, iffue their rre-rpts to the feveral Gaolers and Keepers of Prifons within the local .imits of and fubjedt to their refpedlive Jurifdidlions, requiring them

>	make out and deliver into the faid Courts, within a time to be mited in the faid Precepts, fuch Lifts as are herein diredled to be lade out by Gaolers and Keepers of Prifons of all Perfons who, on lie Day Five Months preceding the Date of fuch Precepts, (hall ave been, and (hall at the time of iffuing fuch Precepts continue to ein their Cuftody on any fuch Proccfs as is hereinbefore mentioned, hung out of any Court eredted by or under the Authority of any idl of Parliament, or any Charter of His Majesty within the faid Vefidencies or Settlements j aind all fuch Gaolers and Keepers of Vifons (hall make out and deliver fuch Lifts accordingly, and (ball ike and fubferibe fuchOaths as are herein required upon the Deli-ery thereof, and (hall fix up Copies of the (aid Lifts in the faid Prims and Gaols in manner herein diredled, with Tranflations thereof , ito the Language and Cbarader commonly in Ufe among the Naive* of India in the faid Prefidencies or Settlements refpedlively.

LX. And, in order to obviate all Difficulties in the Execution of his Adi within the laid Prefidencies or Settlements, for want of the Courts, Magi ft rates. Public Officers or other Jpcal Means herein pecialiy appointed to carry the fame into Effcdl, be It further en- Court* at Fort died. That all the Powers hereby vefted in any Court! or juftices WiUUm,fcc. to ball be vefted in like manner, and to the fame Purpofe and Extent, make Rulos far a the laid Supreme Courts of Judicature, and in the Judges thereof fsnyijfAft .t Fort William and Fort Saint George refpedlive]y, and in the find Recorder’s Court, and the Judges thereof at&mfajr, and in the faid »rov»dedby At*1

3 Q * GooglCourt **»»•*<>'*

j>66

A.D. 1S12.

Person* .ippoTnt-r<l bv liu ii Rules to alVirt in Kxe-cutiou of Art, as if named herein.

Not to extend to rtt**r nature of

Relief.

Rnte* for con-vtrting Sums mentioned in Aft into Indian Currency.

Art not to extend in India to Debtors of Company, unlefs Local Governments confcut.

Jufliccs may at Rtcjuclt of Creator convene

C.165.	52* geo. in.

Court of Judicature, and the Judges thereof at Prince of Wales's IJland; and that the faid Courts (hall refpedively, in ^nd for their feveral Jurifdidions, have Power, and they are hereby required with the lead poflible Delay, to frame and publifh a Rule or Rules of Court, appointing by or through what Officers, belonging or fubor-dinate to the faid Courts; and alfo at what times and in what Form the feveral Ads and Matters herein direded to be done in order to the Execution of this Ad (hall be carried into Effed ; and alfo ia what manner and at what times the feveral Notices herein required (hall be given ; and alfo to make all other necefTary Provifions for carrying this A£t into Effed where the Proviions herein particularly contained (hall be found utterly inapplicable within the (aid Prefi-dencies or Settlements-

LX I. Aud be it further enaded. That from the time ofpubliffiing fuch Rule or Rules by the faid Courts refpedively, all the^rovifions and Penalties herein contained for enforcing the Performance of any Duty under this Ad, or for punching the Negled or Refufal to perform the fame by any Public Officer or other Perfon, (hall be dewed to be applicable to all fuch Public Officers or other Perfects in any manner fubjf d to the Jurifdidiqn of the faid Courts refpedively as may be appointed to perform the faid Duties by fuch Ride or Rules, in like manner as if fuch Public Officers and Perfons had been fpe-cially appointed thereto by this Ad.

LXIl. Provided always, That nothing herein contained feall be conftrued to authorize the faid Courts to narrow or to extend, or k any manner to alter the Nature of the Relief hereby intended to he given ; and that all fuch Rules as afbrefaid (hall be made as nearly conformable to the Provifions of this Ad as the circumftaucea of the cafe will admit.

LX11I. And be it further enaded, That in all cafes where Amounts of Money are mentioned in this Ad, the Equivalents of the Pound Sterling within the faid Settlements (hall, for all Purpefes of this Ad be deemed to be as follows; that is to fay, at Fort WiSiam in Bengal Eight Sicca Rupees, at Fort Sa’mt George Two Pagodas and a Half, at Bombay Eight Bombay Rupees, and at Prince sf Waiesrs IJland Four Dollars ; and that the lame Rate (hall be ufed for the Purpofcs afore faid in eftimating the Equivalent of every Fractional Part of a Pound Sterling.

LXIV- Provided always, and it is hereby further, enaded. That this'Ad (Ball not extend or be conftrued to extend within the faid Settlements to difeharge any Prifoner feeking the Benefit of this Ad there, with refped ta any Debt or Penalty with which he or fee (hxH (land charged at the Suit of the'United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Ea/l Indies, or in which it (hall appear or be (hewn to the Satisfadion of the Court in which fuch Benefit is fought, that the faid United Company are the real Plaintiffs or Parties inte-reiled, unlefs the Governor General in Council at Fort WilKem* or the Governor in Council at Fort Saint George, Bombay and - Prince ef Wales's IJland, refpedively, (hall certify their Confent under their Hands to the faid Court for the Difeharge of fuch Prifoner as afbre-fcid.

LXV. And be it further epaded, Tliat the Juftices at any Gesenf Quarter Seffion or General Seffion of the Peace, or any Adjourned Seffion of the Peace, are hereby authorized* at the Requeft of any

Creditor



$2° GEO. m.

C. 165.	967

Creditor of any Prifoner, to convene before them at fome certain time before them :o be appointed by them, any Perfon or Perfons who was or were G.iolers.and Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon or Gaol fxa"line touch" within their refpeCtive Jurisdictions, on the Fifth Day of June One thoufatid eight hundred and twelve, or at any other time, and examine every luch Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Cuftody of any Tuch Prifoner, as the Juftices at any fuch Seflion or Adjourned Seilion (hall think fit; and if any fuch Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Gaolers refufing Keeper or Gaoler (hail refufe or negleCt to attend on being convened to attend,&c. as aforefaid, or attending (hall refute to make Anfwer and Difcovery in the Premifes as (hall be reasonably required, at fuch Seflion or Aa-journed Seflion, he or they fo offending in the Premifes, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and |pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Perfon Penalty, who (hall fue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wejhntrjler by ACtion of Debt.

LXVI. And be it further enaCted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler Gaclerand of any Prifon, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, (hall without juft Printer of Ga-Caufe, to be approved by the Juftices at fome General Quarter Seilion «tte ™ Newf-or General Seilion of the Peace, or fome Adjourned Seilion of the P*Per no.1 co™m Peace within tfieir refpeCtive JurifdiCtions, refufe or delay to bring £ Sj."1*Lf Aft any fuch Prifoner or Prifoners as aforefaid to any fuch General *U	*

Quarter Seflion or General Seflion of the Peace, or Adjourned Seflion of the Peace, as (hall be directed and required by Warrant of any Juf-tice or Juftices as aforefaid ; or (hall negleCt or refufe, or defignedly •mit to infert in any fuch Lift as aforefaid the Name or Names of any fuch Prifoner or Prifoners who was or were actually in Cuftody in his or their refpeCtive Prifon or Gaol on the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, or (hall negleCt or refufe to make out, fix up or deliver fuch Lifts as aforefaid ; or to take any of the Oaths before mentioned, and by this ACt required to be taken by him, or to conform to the Directions hereby given hinVin refpeCt of the Schedules intended to be delivered in by any fuch Prifoner or Prifoners, or (hall detain any fuch Prifoners after he or (he (hall be di£ charged as aforefaid ; or if the Printer of the London Gazette or other Newfpaper as aforefaid (hall wilfully refufe or negleCt to infert therein the Notices by this ACt directed to be given, on reafonable Requeft made to him for that Purpofe; every fuch Keeper or Gaoler, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, and every fuch Printer as aforefaid, for every (uch Offence (hall refpeCtively forfeit arid pay to fuch Prifoner, in every fuch cafe injured, the Sum of One hundred Penalty,. Pounds, which (hall and may be recovered with Treble Cofts of Suit by ACtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Rocord at Wejlminjler, wherein no Effoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed.

LXVII. And be it further enaCted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler Peijary. or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prifon, (hall, in taking any of the Oaths afore mentioned, forfwear and petjure himfelf, and (hall be thereof lawfully convicted, fuch Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler, (hall (over and above the Penalties to be inflicted on Perfons convicted of Perjury) upon every fuch Conviction forfeit and pay the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Cofts of Suit, Penalty, ( by Bill, Plaint or Information, or ACtion of Debt, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, wherein no Effoign, Pro-

3 Q 3

teCtion

GoO£



A.D. i8i&

,6*

MakincUft

Entries in Fri-loo Bonks.

/	•	*k

Penalty.

Perfon* permitted to fpeak to Prifoners in convenient Room, whofe Names are in-fcrted in Lifts, fcc.

Penalty.

rieik of the Peace not giving Copies of Adjtidicattoa of Pifchargi)

C.l6$.

5*e GEO. HI.

te&ion or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance &all be allowed, by or in the Name of any Creditor or Creditors of any fact Prifoner or Prifoners who (hall lue for the fame, and the fame wbrs recovered (hall be applied One Moiety to fuch Creditor or Credkon fuing for the fame, and the other Moiety towards Satisfa&ion of the Debts of fuch Prifoner or Prifoners.

LXVIII. And be it further eroded, That if any Gaoler or Keeper or Deputy Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon, (hall make or caufe to be made any falfe Entry or Entries iff any Book belonging to any Prifon under his Care, or (hall prepare to keep, or caale to be kept, any falfe Book or Books, in order for any telfe or notroe Entry or Entries to be made therein, or (hall knowingly and willfully produce and (hew any Book wherein any falfe or untrue Entry or Entries have or hath been made, as and for a Book containing true aid genuine Entries, or (hall infert in any Lift to be delivered in as afore-laid, the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons who were or was not in a&ual Cuftody as aforelaid (except as in the Oath of any fuch Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler (hall be excepted) every fuch Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler (bad, for every fuch Fraud, (over and above the Penalties for which he (hall be liable for every fuch Fraud) forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Cofts of Suit, by and in the Name and for the Ufe of any Perfon or Perfons who (hall be injured by aay fuch Fraud, by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in aay of His Majesty's Courts of Record at IVeJhmuJler, wherein no EBbigv, Prote&ion or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed.

LXIX. And be it fiirther eroded, That every Gaoler or Keeper or Deputy Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon, (hall and he is hereby required to fuffer any Perfon or Perfons defiring the fame, to foe and (peak with in the Day-time, between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, in fome convenient Room or Placein the (aid Prifon, any Prifoner or Prifaners Irhofe Names are inferted in the before mentioned Lift or Lifts, or the Loudon Gazette or other Newspapers, in manner afbrefaid, and alfo to fee in the true and genuine Book or Books of the faid Prifoa the Entry and Entries made of the Name and Names of fuch Prifoner pr Prifoners, together with the Names or Name of the Perfon or Perfons at whofe Suit be, (he or they are detained ; and if any fock Gaoler or Keeper, Deputy Gaoler or Keeper (hall refule or neglect fo to do, every luch Gaoler of Keeper, Deputy Gaoler or Keeper lb offending (hall forfeit and pay to the Perfon to refufed and aggrieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered with Coftt of Suit by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninjltr, wherein no Effoigu, Protedfoa, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo refufed and aggrieved.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer aiding as Clerk ok the Peace, (hall delay or refufo to give any fuch Prifoner adjudged to be entitled to his Difcharge as aforefaid, within Fourteen Days after fuch Adjudication, a Copy of the Order of fuch Adjudication

7



AJX iSia.

Si* GEO. III.

C.i 6g.	969

on being paid for the fame the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, or /hall demand or take more for the fame than the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, or (hall take more than Five Shillings for an Aifignment or Conveyance of any Prifoner’s Eilate or Effects, every fuch Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer ading as Clerk of the Peace, who (hall fo offend, and be con* sidled thereof at any fuch General Quarter Seflion or General Seflion of the Peace, or Adjourned Seflion of the Peace, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay to every fuch Prifoner the Sum of;Twenty Penalty. Pounds; and the Judices at fuch Seflion or Adjourned Seflion are hereby authorized and empowered to order and caufe the fame to be levied by Diilrefs and Sale of the Goods of any fuch Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace fo offending.

LXX1. And be it further enadcd, That if any Prifoner who (hall Perjury, come or be brought up at any General Quarter Seflion or General Seflion of the Peace, or Adjourned Seflion of the Peace, under the Provifions of this Ait, (hall wilfully forfwear or penure himfclf or herfelf, in any Oath to be taken under this Ad, and mall be lawfully convided thereof, he or ihc fo offending (hall fuffer fuch Punifhment as by Law may be in Aided on Perfon.s con rid ed of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and moreover ihall not be entitled to any Benefit,

Privilege or Advantage under this Ad; any thing in the fame to the contrary in any wife notwithftpnding.

LXXI1 And be it further enaded, That in all cafes wherein by Affirmation ef this Ad an Oath is required to be taken, the folemn Affirmation Quakers taken, of any Perfon being a Quaker, /hall and may be taken and accepted in lieu thereof $ ana that every Perfon who (hall in making fuch folemn Affirmation knowingly and wilfully affirm what is falfe and untrue, and (hall be thereof convided, (hall incur and be liable to fuch and the fame Punifhment, Penalties and Disabilities as Perfons convided of wilful and corrupt Perjury by Law are liable to and incur, and perjuryv (hall further and moreover incur fuch and the fame Penalties as are inflided and impofed by this Ad upon Perfons convided of wjjfuj and corrupt Perjury in like pafes.

3Q 4

LOCAJ.



Google

C.i, ii, iii.	52° GEO. III.	A.D.181&

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B.—The Continuance offucb of the following	at are temperarj

•will be known (where it is not expreftly fated) by referring to the following Lift, according to the correffamdingJLetter at the End of the Title.

(a) For 21 Tears, &1c. [i. e. to the End of the next Seffion'] from a Day named in the AS. lb) For 21 Tears, &c. from thepafftng of the AS.

(c) For 2\ Years, fAc. after the End of the Term under former ASs.

All Ads in this Lift, not diftingni/hed by the Letters fq.P.) art Publick Acts; to each of which is amtexed a Claufe in the Form following ;

“ And be it farther enaded, That this A& (hall be deemed “ and taken to be a Publick Ad, and (hall be judicially takes “ Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Ju dices and others, without M being fpecially pleaded.”

(q*P«) Quad Publick Ads, i. e. Ads to each of which it annexed a Claufe in the Form following :

“ And be it further enaded, That this A St (hall be printed ** by the feveral Printers to the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, “ duly authorifed to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, “ and a Copy thereof fo printed by any of them (hall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Ju dices and others.”

Cap. i.

An Ad for embanking and draining certain Lands adjoining the River Wade in the Pari(hes of Steeple Cum Stanfgate and Saint Lawrence in the County of EJfex.	[28th	February	1812.J

Cap. ii.

34 G. 3. c.97. An Ad for veding in the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Stafford‘ a Houfe for the Accommodation of His Majedy’s Judges at the Affixes, and for maintaining and fupporting the fame; and for amending an Ad of His prefent Majedy for building a new Shire Hall for the faid County.	[28th February 1812.]

roG. 3. c. 77. G. j. c. U4.

Cap•

in.

An Ad to continue and amend Two Ads of the Tenth and Thirtieth Years of His prefent Majedy for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County o?the City of Norwich*, to the Windmill in the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk. (*')

£?6th February 1812.] Cap.

5 2° GEO. Ill;

C.i?—xu.

97*

Cap. iv.

i A,€t for repairing the Road from Roborough Down to the Tavifioci Road near Dart Moor Prifon of War, and to Two Bridges, in the County of Devon, (a)	[28th	February	1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. v.

n A for inclofing Sid dal Moor, fituate within the Town (hip of Hopauood, in the rarifh of Middleton, in the County Palatine of Lancesjler. (q. P.)	[28th	February	1812.J

Cap. vi.

.n A61 for inclofing Great Crojby Marjb, in the Manor of Great Crofby, and Parifhof Sepbton, in the County of Lancafier. (q. P.)

[28 th February 1812.]

Cap. vii.

in A6fc for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 4 G;3* c. 67. Powers of Two A As of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road 30 • 3*c*1 x3« from Alfreton to Mansfield, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned, (b)

[5th March 1812.]

Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to ceafe, and new Tolls granted, double Tolls on Sundays. Additional Half Toll in Winter.]

Cap. viii.

A.n AA for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two AAs of King a6 G. a. c. 87* George the* Second, and Tw# A As of His prefent Majesty, for re- *9 G. 2. c. 44. pairing and widening Old Street Road, and other Roads therein x* G. 3. c. 99, mentioned, in the County of Middlefex. (a) [5th March 1812.] 29 G*3*c*

Cap. ix.

An A& for inclofing Lands in the Parifii of Frith in the County of Kent, (q. P.)	[yth	March 1812.3

Cap's..

An A A for inclofing Lands in the Parifii of Deopham, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.)	[5th	March	1812.]

Cap. xi.

An AA for building a Church or Chapel of Eafe in Liverfedge, in the Parifii of Birftall, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

[20th March i8i2.j

Cap. xu*

An A A for altering and enlarging the Powers of an A A of His pre- 4G. 3. c. 91. lent Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Wangford> in the County of Suffolk.

[20th March 1812.]

Cap.



C.x iii—xix.

ja#GEO. Ill,

A.D.181L



Cap. xiii.

An Aft for the better Employment and Support of the Poor is the Parifhee of Wejlfrle> Beddingham and Glynde, in the County of Sujftxu	[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xiv.

*6G. 3. c.ne. An Aft for better paving, cleaning, lighting and watching th* repealed.	Streets,	Lanes	and	other	public	Paflkges	ana	Places,	within	the

Manor of Southwark, otherwife called The CBnb, or Bijhof of Winchejler't Liberty, in the Parilh of Saint Saviour, Southwark, is the County of Surrey.	[20th	March	1812	]

11 O. a. e. A 29 G. 2. c.57. 31 G. 3. c. 13.

Cdp. XT.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Afts of Hi* late and prefent Maieilv, for repairing the Harbour of Maryport*% ' in the County of Cumberland. (h)	[20th March 1812 ]

• [Formerly called Ellenfoot. j

Gap. xvi.

*1 G.3. e. 46. An Aft to alter and increafe the Rates of Tonnage, authorized to be 36 G.3.c.clxvui. taken by the Company of Proprietors of The Grand MTeJkm Canal;

and to amend the leveral Afts palled for making the laid Canal.

{loth March i8it.l

Cap. xvii.

An Aft for allotting the Lands in the Parilh of Hempfiead, ia the County of Norfolk, and for the Drainage of the Marfhes or Fes Grounds within the faid Parilh, and of certain other MaHhes, Meadows and Lot* Grounds, within the feveral Parilhes of Happrjbvrfh, Eccles, Palling next tbemS<a, Lejjtngham and Ingham, in the County afore (aid-	[20th	March	1812.]

Cap. xviii.

An Aft for inclofing and draining Lands in the Parilh of Harfey, is the County of Norfolk.	[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xix.

An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His pif fent Majesty, for rebuilding the late Theatre Royal Drury Lane,

[20th March 1812.]

*	TT 7 HE REAS by an A ft patted in the Fiftieth Year of the Rein 50 G. 3.c.euir. * VV of His prefent Maiefly, intituled, An AS for rebuilding tU

1 late Theatre Royal Drury Lane, upon the Conditions and under the §4.	*	Regulations therein mentioned; it was enafted, That the feveral Per*

*	fons therein named, together with fuch other Perfon and Pertain a ‘ /hould fubferibe towards railing the Capital Sum thereinafter men* ‘ tioned, and their feveral and refpeftive Succeflbrs, Executors, Ad-4 miniftrators and Affigns, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of soy 4 Share or Shares in the Undertaking therein referred to, paying sad .1 contributing,to the Capital Sum to be raifed as thereinafter mea-4 tioned, Ihoulcf be* and they were thereby accordingly united into t

6	*	Com-



A.D.i8i2i

52* GEO.IIL

C.xix.

973

*	Company for erefting the faid Theatre and furroundtng Buildings,

*	and carrying into Execution the Purpofes of the faid Aft, and 4 (hould for that Purpofe be one Body Corporate and Politic, by the *’ Name and Style of 4 The Theatre Royal Drury Lane Company of

*	Proprietors * and by that Name (hould hare perpetual Succemoa 4 and a Common Seal, and by that Name (hould and might fue and be

4 fued : And it was further enafted, That it (hould be lawful to and $ * 4 for the faid Company of Proprietors to raife and contribute, m fuch

*	Proportions as they (hould think proper, any Sum or Sums of 4 Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three hundred

*	thoufand Pounds; which faid Sura or Sums of Money (hould be 4 laid out and applied, in the firft Place, in difcharging the Expences 4 of obtaining ana palling the faid Aft, and of the Surveys, Plans 4 and Eftimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto; and

*	in the next Place, in Payment to certain Perfons therein named, of

*	fuch Sum or Sums of Money as might be due and owing to them 4 in refpeft of their Shares, Rights and Interefts, in certain Letters 4 Patent granted by His late Majesty King Charles the Second, to

*	Thomas Ktlligrew Efquire; and in the next Place, in making due and 4 juft Payment or Compenfation to the Renters and feveral other 4 Claimants on the faid Property, upon fuch Terms ns the faid 4 Claimants and the faid Company of Proprietors (hould agree ; and 4 thirdly, in purchafing the entire Property and Interefts of the pre-4 fent Proprietors and Parties beneficially and ultimately interefted in 4 the Property of the faid late Theatre Royal Drury Lanef and the r Profits and Property thereof; and then for and towards rebuilding,

4 creating and finilhinga new Theatre, and the furronnding Buildings 4 and Improvements neeeflarv thereto, and in purchafing, making and 4 completing the Scenery, Machinery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Mufic,

4 Decorations and other Appendages, or otherwife for carrying the 4 faid Aft into Execution : Provided that in cafe the faid Company 4 of Proprietors (hould not contract and agree with all the Perfons 4 interefted in the faid Theatre and other Property, for the Purchafe 4 of fuch feveral Interefts, within the Term of Two Years from the 4 palling of the faid Aft, then and in fuch cafe the faid Aft, and all 4 the Matters and Things therein contained, (hould become null and

*	void: And it was thereby further enafted, That, for better forward*

‘ ing the Purpofes of the (aid Aft, and the Intereft of the faid Corn*

4 pany, there (hould be a Committee of Ten Proprietors, and that

4 the Perfons therein named (houldbe the Firft Committee; and the.

4 laid Committee were thereby authorized to add any Number of Pro-4 prietors not exceeding Eleven to the faid Committee ; and the faid 4 Committee were thereby alfo authorized to arrange and complete 4 Terms of Settlement and Compenfation with the feveral Claimants 4 on the faid Property, and to determine upon and feleft the Plan for 4 rebuilding, and to make Contrafts and Bargains for erefting the 4 faid Theatre, as thereinafter is mentioned; and alfo for arranging 4 the Terms upon which all Rights and Interefts of the then Pro-4 prietors (hould be made over to the faid iutcndeu Company of Pro-4 prietors, and all other neceffary Purpofes: And the faid Com- f9* 4 mittee were by the faid Aft alfo empowered to arrange the Terms 4 upon which a limited Number of Private Boxes might be let, (hould 4 the faid Committee find it advifable and expedient for the Com.

4 plction of the Plan t And it was alfo enafted* and the Firft* Com.

4 pitted



Google

974

C.xix.

A.D.1812.

yo G 3. r. cede, ft 1. in pari repealed.

Campenf.it ions made for Claims a*tea polling Adi.

PrmXo for un-

«feo«rrcd

CLiaumuu

52* GEO. III.

4 mittee which Ihould meet under the Ad were thereby direded to 4 form and arrange a Plan for the future Government and Conduct of 4 the Theatre Property, to be fubmitted to a General Meeting of the 4 faid Company, to be fpecially called by Advertifement in the Lmub* 4 GaxttUy and fuch of the London Newfpapers as the faid Committee 4 (hould think proper, at lead Three Months previous to the opeiitag 4 of the faid Theatre; And whereas the Committee of the faidCoa-4 pany of Proprietors nominated aud appointed in and by virtue of 4 the faid recited Ad, have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers * thereof; but feveral of the Provifions of the fame Ad have been found 4 inadequate to the feveral Purpofes thereby intended, and it is expe-4 dient that the fame fhould be altered, amended and enlarged; aad it 4 would tend greatly to facilitate the Execution of the Purpofes is-4 tended to be provided for by the faid Ad, if certain Parts thereof 4 were repealed, and further and better Provifions granted :* May it therefore pleafe Your Majeity that it may be enaded ; and be it eo-afted by the King’s Moil Excellent Majeity, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ia this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid Ad as enads and provides that the fane and all the Matters and Things therein contained, lhall be malt rcd void, in cafe the faid Company of Proprietors /hall not have con-traded and agreed with all the Perfons interefted in the faid late Theatre and other Property, for the Purchafe of fuch feveral Interrib within the Term of Two Years from the palling of the laid Ad, {hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enaded, That it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered at any time or times from and after the palling of this Ad, to contrad and agree with, and make due and jurc Payment or Compenlation to fuch Renters, Annuitants, and other Claimants on the laid Theatre and Property, whofe Claims (hall not have been adjufted previous to the palling of this Ad, upon fuch Terms as fuch Renters, Annuitants and other Claimants, and the Committee for the time being of the faid Company of Proprietors, lhall agree ; any thing in the hid recited Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That when aid immediately after the faid intended new Theatre (hall have been com-letcd and opened for the 'Reprefentatiou of Plays, if any Renters, Annuitants or other Periods having Claims upon the late Theatre, arid the Patents and Property thereto belonging {except the Renters or Claimants commonly called New Renters) (nail not have been dif-covered by the faid Committee, or whofe Title or Titles lhall be doubtful or difputed, it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Committee, and they are hereby authorized, by and from the Money fo fubferibed, and to be fubferibed, to lay out and invefi in the Names of the Truftets of the faid Company of Proprietors for the time being, in the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as lhall be-adequate to the making Compcnfation to fuch un* difeovered Renters, Annuitants or other Claimants refpedively, upon fuch and the like Terms, and according to the like Rate of Corapen-Ltion as lhall have been agreed upon and accepted by the Majority©! Peiions having limiliar Interefts orCUims upon the faid Theatre and other Property, and that the Dividends of the Annuities fo lo be

pure haled.



Google

A.D.iSi*.

52° geo. in.

C xix.

97 f

purchafed, and of the Accumulations thereof, (hall from time to time, as the fame (hall arife, be received and be in like manner laid out and invefted in fuch Annuities; and that the Perfon or Perfons for whom or for whofe Benefit fuch Compenfation or Compenfations re-fpe&ively (hall have been fo invefted, his, her or their refpc&ive Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, (hall from time to time, upon Application duly* made to fuch Committee for the time being, be as effectually entitled to have and receive the refpe&ive Proportions of fuch Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, and the Dividends and Accumulations thereof, as if he, (he or they had originally agreed to accept and take fuch Compenfation or Compenfations, (the refpe&ive Interefts, Claims and Titles of fuch Claimants refpe&ively upon and to the faid late Theatre, and the Patents and Property thereto belonging, having been firft afcertained and manifefted to the Satisfaction of the Committee for the time being of the faid Company of Proprietors, or their Counfel learned in the Law) ; and thereupon the fame fhall be transferred unto him, her or them refpeCtively.

IV.	And be it further enaCtcd, That fuch Annuities to be invefted Compenfattow

as and for fuch Compenfation or Compenfations as aforefaid, when when accepted, the fame (hall have been transferred to the Perfon or Perfons refpec-	for

tively entitled to have and receive the fame, is and are hereby declared Calm,<

to be in full Satisfaction and Difcharge of filch refpedtive Interefts and Claims, and the fame and each and every of them fo compen fated fhall ceafe ; and the faid intended new Theatre, and the Property and Patents which belonged and appertained to the faid late Theatre,

(hall be for ever difeharged therefrom, and of and from all Arrears due and owing on account of the fame refpe&ively.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That whenever Ifcbimants any Annuitant or Annuitants, Renter or Renters, or other Claimant commence floor Claimants, or his, her or their refpc&ive Executors, Adminiftrators feedings in re-or Affigns, (hall have commenced any ACtion at Law, or Suit in 0?** Claims, Equity, or other Proceeding, for or in refpeCI of his, her or their nof maccept* Claim or Claims, or (hall have given Notice in Writing to the faid Compenfation, Committee of his, her or their Intention fo to do, except any A&ion or Stocks,&c <oanr-Suit for the Purpofe of eftabiilhing his, her or their Title or Titles to ferrad to Com-fuch Compenfation or Compenfations, or any Part thereof, or (hall

have given Notice in Writing to the faid Committee of his, her or their Kefufal to take or accept fuch Compenfation or Compenfations as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for the Truftees of the faid ’

Company for the time being, and they are hereby empowered to transfierthe Proportion of every fuch Annuitant, Renter or Claimant of fuch Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, and the Accumulations thereof, to the general Fund hereinafter dire&ed to be created for the further Infurance of the faid intended new Theatre and the Property thereto belonging from Fire, and in Augmentation thereof, and to be applicable to all luch and the fame Ufes, Intents and Purpofes, as the faid Fund fo to be created is hereinafter dirc&ed to be applied.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and maybe lawful Company .mrb®-for the Committee for the time being of the faid Company of Pro- rized to toltil prietors, and they are hereby authorized to grant, make and execute Agreements any Deed, Inftrument or Writing, Deeds, Inftruments or Writings, for granting to fuch of the Perfons commonly called New Renters re-	*

Jpe&iveiv a9 (hall have agreed to accept the fame, an Annuity or Rent

Charge



Google

*7*

Rent Charge and Right of Charge upon Theatre.

Committee empowered to coning with New Renters.

Committee to make l'tovifioW for undifcovered New Renters.

C.xix.	5 GEO. III.	A.D.1S12.

Charge of One Shilling and Three pence for each Night of Performance at the faid intended new Theatre, and free Admifiion thereto, tad for fulfilling and accomplifhing the feveral Articles* Stipulations and Conditions contained in certain Agreements entered into by forii New Renters* according to the true Intent aiui Meaning thereof (fubjed as hereinafter is mentioned) as by the faid Committee of the Cud Company of Proprietors, and the Committee of the faid New Renters, or their refpedive Counfel learned in the Law, (hall be deemed neceflary.

VII.	And it is hereby further enaded, That the faid feveral Pylons fefpedively, their refpedive Executors, Adminiftrators or Aligns, (hall hold, take, receive and enjoy the faid Rent Charges or Rest Charge of One Shilling and Three pence, and Right ox Admiifios, with the Remedies and Powers for recovering, holding and receiving the fame, according to the Deed, lnftniment or Writing, Deeds, 1s-ftrumentsor Writings to hi executed in purfuauce of this Ad; and every fuch Rent Charge and Right of Admidion (hall, from and immediately after the faid intended new Theatre (hall have been built, opened for the Rep refen tation of Theatrical Performances, be sod remain a Cham upon the faid Theatre and the Property thereof; any thing in the laid recited Ad or this Ad contained to tbc contrary notwithilanding.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Committee for the time being of the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered at any time from and afar the palling of this Ad, to contrad and agree with fuch of the Cfaim-ants commonly called New Renters, as mall not have been agiecd with, upon fuch Terms as the Majority of the New Renters have cob-fented to accept and take ; and in and by tbe fame or any other fauhr Deed, Iuflrumcnt or Writing, to grant a like Rent Charge of Ose Shilling and Three pence for each Night of Performance at tbe (aid intended new Theatre, and free Admiffion thereto, to and for tbe Ufa and Benefit of fuch New Renters as the faid Committee (hall lb cos-trad with, but fubjed to the Diredions herein contained refpedag fuch Agreements and Claims.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That if any of the faid Claimants called New Renters (hall not havo-been difeovered, or (hall not by Ac faid Committee have been agreed with at the time when the hid Nightly Rent Charges of One Shilling and Three pence (hall become payable, or within Three Calendar Months next thereafter, then the laid Committee for the time being'of the faid Company of Proprirton may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to lay out sod inveft in the Purchafe of Three Poundsper Centum Con foil dated Bad Annuities, iu the Names of the Truftees for the time being of the hid Company of Proprietors, fo much Money as would have become dm and payable in refpeCt of the Nightly Performances to the New Renters who (hall not have been difeovered, or (hall not have bees agreed with, in cafe they Ihould refpedively agree to accept fuch Com-penfations as aforefaid for their refpedive Claims* to be trans&md and paid, with the Dividends and Accumulations thereon, to the Per-fon or Perfons refpedively claiming as New Renters, upon their it* fjpe&ively agreeing and confenting to accept fuch Compenfatioos, fad rerfons refpedively having firft mauifelled their Title to the fame to the Satisfaction of the faid Committee, or their Counfel learned ia tk Law ; but fubjed nevcrthelefs to the feveral Provifions hereinafter

cofttaked



A.D. x812.	5a6 GEO. III.	C.xix.

rontained refpcding fact Claimantt as (hall not have been dif-rorered.

X.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Execution >f the faid Deed or Deeds, Inftrument or Inftruments in Writing for ecuring the Payment of the faid Nightly Rent Charges of One Shil-ing and Three pence and Right of Admifiion, the feveral Rent Charges of Two Shillings and Six pence for every Night of Performance at the faid lata Theatre and Right of Admif&on, granted in purfuance of a certain Indenture bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of June One thou land feven hundred and ninety three, fo far as regards the Parties conienting to accept the faid Compenfation of One Shilling and Three pence Nightly and Right of Admifiion (hall ceafe ; and the faid intended new Theatre, and the Property and Patents thereto belonging, (hall be for ever difeharged therefrom, and of and from all Arrears thereof.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That every Per-fon claiming as a New Renter, who (hall not have agreed to accept fuch Compenfation or Coa\penfations as is and are hereinbefore de-feribted, his, her and their refpe&ive Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, (hall be entitled to, and may ufe or exercife all fuch Right and Remedy at Law or in Equity for the Recovery of his* her or their Right, Jntereft or Claim, as he, (lie or they would have been entitled unto if the faid recited Ad or this Ad nad not been patted; any thing in this Ad or in the faid recited Ad to the contrary notwith-Handing,

XII.	And be it further enaded, That as well the faid Agreements entered into by or on the Behalf of the faid Committee with the faid New Renters, as all and every the Agreements made by the faid Committee with any other Annuitant, Renter or Claimant on the faid late Theatre, Patents and Property, and with the feveral Proprietors and Parties beneficially and ultimately interefted in the Property of the faid late Theatre and the Profits thereof, (hall be good and valid, notwithiianding the fame may not be fulfilled and performed on or before the Day or Days refpedively appointed for the Performance thereof, fo as the fame be performed by and on the Part of the faid Committee on or before the Firft Day of Auvuft One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen,' and the (aid intended Theatre (hall then have been built and completed, and ready for the Representation of Plays.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe any Annuitant, Renter or Creditor, (fave and except fuch New Renters as aforefaid) who (hall have figned any or either of the faid Agreements, (hall within one Month after the patting of this Ad, by Notice in Writing under hi /* her or their Hand or Hands, to the Secretary of the laid Coni *ittce, fignify his, her or their Intention, that the Agreements fignedf or eutered into by him* her or them (hall be void, by reafon of any Matter or Thing therein contained not being done and performed at the time or times limited for that Pur. pofe, that then the Perfon or Perfons giving fuch Notice (hall be difeharged from fuch Agreement not fo performed, and he, (he or they (hall and may have, ufe and exercife fuch and the fame Powers and Remedies at Law or in Equity for the Recovery of the Value of his, her or their Right, Intereft or Claim, as he, (he or they would have been entitled to if the laid recited A& or this Ad had not been

made;

977>

After Execution of Deed of Rent Charges, Sec. former Rent Charge, Ice. and all Arrears to ceafe, and Theatre dilchargtd.

Provifo for Near Renters.

Agreements filtered into with Claimants, valid.

Agreements with Renters may in certain cafes be made void.

Gc ^le

97*

C.xix.

5 2° GEO. in.

&.D. i3i2.

Claimants not agreeing to take Compenfations may refort to Remedies enti-' tied to immediately before fading of Ad

Terforts trilling to accept Com-penfation, but tnuble to fub-ftantiate Claim

Ice. for Recovery.

made ; any thing in this Ad or in the (kid recited Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enaded. That all and every Perfoo asd Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Renter or Renters, Annuitant or Annuitants, fave and except fuch New Renters as aforr-faid, having any Right, Title or Intereft in or to, or Incumbrance, Charge, Claim or Demand upon the faid late Theatre, or the Patents Scite or Property or Profits thereof, who have not agreed or M not agree to accept and take fuch Compenfation or Compenfaboes as aforefaid, (hall be entitled to fuch Rights and Remedies u Lav or in Equity as he, (he or they would have been entitled unto fe Recovery of the Value of his, ner or their Share or Shares, Right e: Intereft in the fame, as he, (he or they would have been entitled to if the faid recited Ad or this Ad had not been made; any thing k the faid recited Ad or in this Ad contained to the contrary thereof not with (landing.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for each and every Renter, Annuitant or other Perfcc having or claiming to have any Right, Title or Intereft, in, to or

^	   upon	any of the Funds or Property of the faid late Theatre, and wha

to SaiUMlion of (hall be defirous and willing to accept of fuch Compenfation as afore-Committee, may faid from the faid Company of Proprietors or their Committee for tk bring Actions time being, but (hall be unable to fubftantiate fuch his or her Chk, Right or Title to fuch Compenfation, to the Satisfadion of the ki Committee, to commence any Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits agsk6. the faid Company of Proprietors, for the Recovery of fuch Compn-fation ; and the faid Company of Proprietors (lull and they r. hereby required to pay fuch Compenfation to the Perfon or Perk* who (hall by any fuch Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits, have kb-ftantiated his, her or their Claim, Right or Title thereto.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be kvki for the Committee for the time being of the faid Company of Pro-

Part of Compen- prietors, to contrad and agree with any and every Claimant apoaik tided to*Admil‘- faid Theatre, Property and Patents, for the Grant or Adraiffioa to or of fuch Claimant or Claimants to any Share or any Number of Shares in the faid Undertaking partly or wholly in Satisfa&ioo of fuch Compenfation, as the faid Committee and the faid Claimant cr Claimants may agree upon in refped of the Claim or Intere/l of M Claimant or Claimants in the faid Theatre Property ; and thcrtupoi fuch Claimant or Claimants (hall be taken and confidered to be a Pn-prietor or Proprietors in the faid Undertaking, and (hall be entitle to all Profits, Privileges and Advantages of or in the fame, iurcfprit of the Share and Shares to which fuch Claimant or Claimants tH be admitted, as if he, (he or they had fubferibed for and paid thef;2 Sum of One hundred Pounds for each and every fuch Share; 17 thing in the faid Ad or this Ad contained to the contrarytWi n^twith (lauding.

XVII.	And be it further enaded. That the Committee for t’e tkf -being of the faid Company of Proprietors, or any Five Gf tkm, :u

to'poft^ne *rCW* Meeting convened for that Purpofe, (hall, and lawfully may, acd kr Payments. are hereby authorized and empowered to give Bonds asandfortk Bonds of the faid Company of Proprietors, with their Commoa Std affixed thereto, uiito the fcveral Perfons who may or ffoH

fed

Claimants may fublcri'oe all or

(ions as other Sabicribers.

Securities given to Claimants

*

joogle

A.D. 1812.

Cxi*.

52° GEO. 111.

.fented to the Poftponement of their refpedive Claims until after the building of the faid intended Theatre (hall have b^en completed, or in Satisfaction of any Debt or Debts incurred or to Ipe incurred for the building, finifhing or furnifhing the fame as Security or Securities for the Payment of any Sum or Sums which may havj6 been agreed to be paid and taken in Satisfadion of fuch Claim or Claims, Debt or Debts refpedively ; fuch Bonds to bear Intereft at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Sums fo to be fecured by fuch Bonds refpedively, and the Intereft thereupon to commence from the Day of the opening of the faid intended new Theatre, or from the refpedive Dates thereof; and the Payment of the Principal Money and Intereft upon the faid Bonds to be thereby fecured out of the Receipts of the faid intended Theatre, at fuch Periods as fhall be agreed upon by the faid Committee, and fuch feveral Perfons refpedively 5 and which faid Bond or Bonds, when executed, fhall, ftand next in Priority to the faid Nightly Rent Charges of One Shilling and Three pence, and fhall be good and valid, and the fame are hereby refpec-tively confirmed ; any thing in the faid recited. Ad contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding : Provided that fuch Bond fo given fhallleffen the Number of Shares to be taken by the faid Company for railing the faid Sum of Three hundred thoufand Pounds, by the Amount of the Principal Money to be fecured by fuch Bonds.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it fhall not be lawful for the faid Committee for the time being to iffue or execute any Bond or Bonds, or to give any Security or Securities under the Common Seal of the faid Company, or on their Behalf, in Con-iideration or Satisfadion for any Sum or Sums lefs than the Amount of the Sum or Sums for which the faid Bond or Bonds fhall purport to be ifTued, and fhall have been executed refpedively.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That in cafe the Committee for the time being of the faid Company of Proprietors fhall, after the executing and iffuing all or any of fuch Bond or Bonds, be defirous of paying off all or any fuch Bond or Bonds or any Part thereof, that then and thereupon, and as often as they fhall fo think fit, they fhall and may be at Liberty, and they are hereby authorized to raife by Subscriptions, by Shares of One hundred Pounds each, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Amount of the Principal Money due and fecured in and by fuch Bond or Bonds from time to time intended to be paid off, and to pay and apply the Money from time to time fo to be fubferibed and railed in paying off and difeharging all or any fuch Bond or Bonds refpedively, or any Part or Parts thereof ; any thing in the faid recited Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money due and owing from any and every the Society or Societies, Company or Companies, eftablifhed for the Infurance of Building* or other Property from Fire, in refped of the Infurance of the faid late Theatre from Fire, fhall be paid to Samuel Whitbread, Peter Moort and Harvey Chrijlian Combe, Efquires, the Truftees named in the faid Ad, whofe Receipt or Receipts, or the Receipt or Receipts of any Two of them, fhall be good and fufficient Difcharge or Difcharges for the fame; and fuch Monies fhall, under the Order and Diredion of the faid Committee, be by the faid Truftees laid opt

52 Geo. III.	3	R	and

'PI9

Number of Shares leflened in Proportion to Amount.of Securities.

Bonds not given for any Sum lei's than Amount for which Bonds purport to be ilTlied.

Committee may difcharge Bonds by Shares of iool. each, not exceeding Amount of Principal Sums for which Bonds given.

Application of Money infured on Theatre. .

L^ooQle

<y8o

C.xix.

52® GEO. III.

A.D.1S11.

Application of Money infured on Wardrobe, Ac.

Part of ftuhfirip* tiom applied to*

and applied in and towards the building and compelling of the bid intended new Theatre.

XXI. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and mavbeliwful for any Perfon or Perfons by whom or in whofe Name or Names ter and every Infurance or Infurances hath or have been made or effeded, in, by or with any and every of the faid Society or Societies, Company or Companies, for or in refpe£t of the Wardrobe, Scenery, Machinery or other like Property of or belonging to the laid k? Theatre, and they are hereby required to pay to the faid Satxi Whitbread, Peter Moore and Harvey ChriJIian Combe, the Trufteo in the above recited Act named, all and every the Sum and Sums cf Money fo infured, firft deducting thereout fuch Sum or Soms of Money as (hall by the faid Perfon or Perfons have been applied and expended refpedtively, in and towards the Protection of the ProprtT remaining upon<he Scite of the faid late Theatre after the faid Fire, or to which fuch Perfons may be liable on account thereof, and othrr Payments and Expenccs, not exceeding in the whole the Sumct Three thoufand Pounds, to be by the faid Truftees, in the faid rr-cited A6t named, applied in and towards the completing and the faid intended Theatre, the Machinery, Scenery, Mufic and Decorations thereof; and it is hereby declared, that the Receipt t* Receipts of the faid Samuel Whitbread, Peter Moore and Hone: ChriJIian Combe, or of Any Two of them, (hall be good and fufikic.: Difcharge or Difcharges for all and every fuch Sum and Sums cf Money lo to be received.

XXII. And be it further ena&ed, Tliat it (hall and may be lawful for the Committee of the faid Company of Proprietors, and they an

Tboiifcmidel,n* hereby empowered, out of the Money already fubferibed, or hereafter to be fubferibed, under the Authority of this or the faid recited Ad. after Payment for the faid Share of the faid Letters Patent as circled by the faid recited A61, to apply, in the firft Place, any San er Sums ot Money, not exceeding together One Half of the Amount of the whole Monies fo fubferibed or to be fubferibed, when and as tk faid Committee fiiall fee Occafion, in and towards completing jsd finilhing the faid intended new Theatre, and the Offices and Bailing belonging thereto, and in purchafing, making and completing tit Scenery, Machinery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Mufic, Decorations aid other Appendages thereto, and otherwife for carrying the Purpoia of this and the faid recited A61 into Execution ; any thing in do or the faid recited A& contained to the contrary thereof ootvri-ftanding.

Committee to XXIII. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for tbe grant Leafed, Ac. faid Committee for the time beinr, or any Five of them, at any Mm •f Private Boxes, jng or Meetings duly convened for that Purpofe, and they are herrbt upon certain authorized at any time or times after the palling this Acf, to grant airr Leafe or Leafes under the Common Seal of the faid Coropanr, d any Box or Boxes in the faid intended new Theatre, as and atU Nature of Private Box or Boxes, the Number of which Private Boxfl before the Orcheftra (hall not at any one time exceed Fourteen, excJu-lively of the Boxes to be referved for His Royal Highnefs the Price? of Wales, his Grace the Duke of Bedford, the Box to be referred lor Thomas Coutts Efquire, and alfo the Box to be appropriated ford? Widow of the late David GarrUk Efquire, during the Terffi of her

natural

Conditions.

C.xix,

A.D. 1812 •	5 2#	GEO.	111.

981

natural Life, (any Condition made by or on the Part of the faid new Renter* to the contrary thereof notwithftanding) with an exclufivc Right of Admiffion to fuch Boxes on every Night of Theatrical Per* formance at the faid intended new Theatre, for fuch Coufideratioi'i or Confiderations in Money as the faid Committee can reafonably obtain for the fame; and the Confideration or Confiderations for the Grant or Giants of fuch Leafe or Leafes of fuch Private Box or Private Boxes, or any Part thereof, may be made payable in Advance before the faid intended new Theatre (hall be completed, if the faid Committee (hall fo think fit; and every fuch Leafe or Leafes to be fubjeft to fuch referred Rent, Covenants, Conditions and Agreements, as the faid Committee at any fuch Meeting or Meetings (hall think proper to be referred by and inferted in any fuch Leafe or Leafes refpe&iveiy: Provided that the faid Private Boxes before the Orchcilra (hall not, nor (hall any or either of them be granted for any longer Term or Terms than Twenty one Years; nor (hall any fuch Grant or Grants contain any Covenant for Renewal.

XXIV. And be it further ena£ted, That, from and after the Exccu- Leafef.fce. To tion of fuch Leafe or Leafes in manner aforefaid, and the Payment of the full Confideration Money or Monies therein exprefled to be paid, or a Part thereof, the fame (hall, fubjeft to the Rent and Rents*

Covenants, Conditions and Agreements to be thereby and therein refpe&ively referved and contained, be good and valid ; and the Confideration or Confiderations to be received for the Grant or Grants of every fuch Leafe or Leafes (hall be applied by the faid Committee in and towards completing the faid intended new Theatre, for the Re-prefentation of Plays ; and after the fame (hall have been fo completed, then the faid Confideration or Confiderations, Rent or Rents, and all other Sum or Sums of Money which (hall thenceforth be from time to time received by the laid Committee on account thereof, (hall be applied by them for the Purpofe of difeharging any Claim or any Bona or Debt contradled for the building, completing and furnifhing the faid intended new Theatre, and then and thereafter for fuch Purpofes as they (hall deem neceflary for the Benefit of the faid Company of Proprietors; any thing in the faid Adi or this Adi contained to the contrary thereof notwithilanding.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That the Amount of the feveral Sum or Sums of Money which from time to time (hall be paid to the faid Committee, as the Confideration for granting fuch Leafe or Leafes refpedtively, (hall leflen the Number of Shares for railing the faid Sum of Three hundred thoufand Pounds to be taken by the faid Company of Proprietors in the Proportion fuch Confideration or Confiderations would amount to in Shares of One hundred Pounds each.

XXVI.	And be it further enadled. That, from and after the faid intended new Theatre (hall have been built, completed, finilhed and taade ready for the Reprefentation of Plays, it (hall and may be law* fill for the faid Committee for the time being, or any Five of them, and they are hereby empowered, if they (hall fo think fit, to make, grant and execute any Leafe or Leafes, under the Common Seal of the (aid Company, ot the (aid intended new Theatre, or any Part or Parts thereof, or of any Rooms, Offices, Houfes, Buildings or Grounds thereunto belonging, or of the Profits of the (aid intended new Theatre/ for fuch Yearly Rent or Reuts, yearly Confideration

3 R 2	or	,



Amount of Sum* received for Private Boxes, fcr. to leireii Nu nbtr of Shares lubferibed in Proportion.

Committee may grant Leasts, Sc%

i2

C.xix.

5 2° GEO. III.

A.D.181:.

Subfcrihers of Shares, or Nominees, entitled to free Adraiflion Jo Boxes, See.

Provifo.

Free Admiffioos regulated by Conmirtee.

or Confiderations as the faid Committee (hall on the Part of the fakl Company be able to obtain, or of the Profits of the faid intended Theatre ; which Sum or Sums of Money fo arifing from or on account of the faid Rent or Rents, Confideration or Confiderations, (hall be by the faid Committee from time to time applied for and towards the Difcharge of the Nightly Payments by this Aft direfted to be paid, and of the Intereft accruing upon, or the Principal of any Bond or Bonds ifiued under the Common Seal of the faid Company, and then and thereafter for the Benefit of the faid Company of Proprie-tors 5 any thing in this Aft or the faid recited Aft contained to tbe contrary thereof notwithftanding ; fubjeft neverthelefs to the Claioi and Demands of all and every rerfons and Perfon for any Right or Intereft therein, for which Compenfatiom (hall not have been accepted in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or of this Aft.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted. That every Subscriber of Fire Shares of One hundred Pounds each towards the Capital Sum to be raifed for the Purpofe of rebuilding the faid Theatre (hall, upon and after the complete Payment of all tne Inftalments due and to become due upon the faid Shares fo fubferibed, be entitled to nominate and appoint one Perfon who (hall have free Admiffion to the faid Theatre, into the public Boxes, Pit and Galleries thereof, at every Theatrical Performance which (hall take place at fuch Theatre, for and during the natural Life of fuch Nominee ; which faid free Admiffion (hall not be transferable ; and that every Subfcriber of Ten Shares (hall been* titled to nominate and appoint Two Perfons who (hall each have fire Admifiions under the Conditions hereinbefore deferibed, and fo or. in the Proportion of One Nominee for every Five Shares fubferibed by any one Subfcriber : Provided always, that each and every Subfcriber entitled to nominate to fuch free Admiffion or Admiffioos, k Right of his or her Subscription refpeftively as aforefaid, (hall and if hereby required to deliver in Writing under his or her Hand to the Secretary of the faid Committee for the time being, Seven Days at tk leaft previous to the Exercife of fuch Right or Rights of free Ad-million, the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode of foci Perfon or Perfons as he or (he may think proper to nominate and appoint, as the Perfon or Perfons to be entitled on his or her Behalf to fuch free Admiffion as aforefaid; which Nomination and Nomination, Appointment and Appointments, (hall forthwith upon the Receipt of fuch Notice or Notices as aforefaid, be by the faid Secretary re* giftered in a Book, which is hereby direfted to be kept by the fa‘£ Committee for the time being for that fpecial Purpofe, and every Nomination fo regiftered (hall be final and irrevocable.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted. That the free Admiffion to the faid intended new Theatre, as well of the Nominees of fuch Sub-feribers of Five or more Shares, as by virtue of the Grants of free Ad* million made or executed, or to be made or executed to any Perfon or Perfons by virtue of this Aft or otherwife, and every other free A’Bmiflion ia or to any Part of tl\e faid intended new Theatre, (hall be fubjeft and liable to fuch Regulations and Conditions as the Sub Committee for the time being of the faid Company of Proprietors, herein*

' after direfted to be formed for the Management of the faid Theatre and Theatrical Performances, (hall from time to time deem necelktry or expedient, and (hall make for the Government and Management of the faid* intended new Theatre, for the Preventibn of Frtu&

rehtrer

A.D.1812.	32°	GEO.	Ill,	C.xix.	$>83

relative to Admifliotis thereto; and all fuch Regulations and Conditions (hall be good and valid ; any thing in the faid recited Aft or this Aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid Aft SO G.3. c.ccxtv. as direfts that the Plan for the future Government and Conduft of $

the faid intended new Theatre Property, (hall be fubmitted to a re^ e * General Meeting of the faid Company to be fpecially called by Ad-vertifements in The London Gazette, and fuch of the London Newf-papers as the faid Committee (hall think proper, at leaft Three Months previous to the opening of the faid intended Theatre, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That the prefent Committee EUaion of a (their Number being firft made up to the full Number pf Twenty Subcommittee one), or any Seven of them, at a Meeting to be convened by them for p.riU^ngTf that fpecial Purpofe, (hall and they are hereby direfted to name any

five of the faid Committee, being Subfcribers for not lefs than Five Theatre.

Shares each, to be a Sub Committee for the Management of the faid yheatre and Theatrical Performances ; and that whenever and as foon Notice girefi of' as fuch Sub Committee (hall hare been fo appointed and named for General Moec-the Management of the faid Theatre and Theatrical Performances,

Notice thereof (hall be given in The London Gazette, and Four Lon- ^lttee. °m" don Daily Newfpapers at the lead ; and the faid Committee are hereby authorized and direfted to give fuch Notice accordingly, and at the fame time to convene a General AfTembly of the Subfcribers to the faid Theatre, to be held on a Day to be named in the faid Ad-vertifement, which General Affembly (hall be fixed on fome Day not lefs than Seven and not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Publica-	♦

tion of the faid Advertifement, for the Purpofe of taking into Con-fideration the Propriety of the Nomination of the faid Sub Committee of Management; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for. fuch Sub- General Meet-feribers fo affembled at fuch General AfTembly fo direfted to be con- »n£ may adopt or vened as aforefaid, or a Majority of them, to adopt or rejeft all or any J’eje# anyMetn-of the Perfons fo named by the (aid Committee to be a firft Suf> Committee. Committee of Management, and to fubflitute any other Perfon or ferfons being Members of the faid Committee, and being Subfcribers for not lefs than Five Shares each, for and in the Room of any Perfon or Perfons fo rejected ; and fuch Sub Committee of Management fo elefted, conftituted and approved, (hall aft without any Fee, Reward or Emolument whatfoever, fave and except the Profit which may arife from the beneficial Interell to which fuch Perfons fo conilituting the faid Sub Committee of Management refpeftively may be entitled by virtue and in refpeft of the Subfcription Shares held by each fuch Perfon in common with the other Subfcribers to the faid Theatre ; which Sub Committee from and immediately after being fo conftituted, elefted and approved, (hall and may, and they are hereby au- -	•	--

thorized and direfted, to form and arrange the Plan for the Government and Management of the laid intended Theatre, and to engage all fuch Performers and other Perfons as by the faid recited Aft are authorized to be employed in, about and for the faid intended new’

Theatre, and the Affairs thereof, in fuch manner and on fuch Terms, and with fuch Salaries and Allowances, as fuch Sub Committee (hall from time to time deem expedient for the Benefit of the faid Company of Proprietors.

3 R 3	XXXI. PrO-



9*4

C.xix.

52* GEO. in.

AJ).

Plan ami Refutation* for Management of Theatre may be altered.

5© G..V c. ccxlr ~<S to. how far

Committee and Sub Committee continued for longer Period,

General AflTem-

bly of Proprietors to ballot for Six of Committee, who are to go out by Rotation.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That fuch Plan and Regulations for the Government and Management of the fiid intended Theatre, may from time to time be continued or altered by fuch firft Sub Committee, during the time they fhall continue fuch Sub Committee, or by any future Sub Committee to be elefted under this Aft; but no fuch Alteration fhaU extend to the cancelling or altering the Terms of any pofitive Engagement or Appointment, Engagements or Appointments entered into by fuch firft Sab Committee, or any fubfequent Sub Committee for any certain Term or Terms of Years with any Performer or Performers, or other Period or Perfons as above mentioned ; and fuch firft Sub Committee, and all future Sub Committees from time to time to be elefted, Ibali alfo have and be veiled with the like Powers and Authorities for the Management of the faid Theatre and Theatrical Performances as are by this Aft and by the faid recited Aft given to and vefted in the prefent Committee; any thing in this Aft or in the faid recited A& contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid Aft as direfts that the firft Committee fhall continue in Office mstd Three Months after the opening of the faid Theatre, and that on fuch Day Seven of the faid Committee fhall go out of Office ad ceafe to be upon the Committee of the faid Company, fhall be lad the fame is and are hereby repealed.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted. That the prefent Com-mittee, and fuch firft Sub Committee fo to be elefted, conftkuted and approved as is hereinbefore direfted, fhall refpeftively continut and remain for the refpeftive Purpofes above mentioned, until Three Calendar Months next after the Expiration of the Third Seafoo of Theatrical Performances at the faid intended Theatre, and exercife all fuch Powers and Authorities as are given to and vefted in the® tinder and by virtue of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, and and the Eleftion of another General Committee and Sub Committee fbal have refpeftively taken place purfuant to the Direftions herein contained ; any thing in the faid recited Aft contained to the cortraT not with (landing : And in cafe any Member or Members of the Committee, or of the Sub Committee fo to be elefted, conlliiutfd and approved as aforefaid, fhall die, refign or become incapable of nfting in, or fignify in Writing his Defire to be difebarged from fuch Committee or Sub Committee, the faid Committee fhall and mar, and they are hereby authorised to eleft another or others qualified as aforetaid in the Stead of fuch Member or Members fo dying, g|$gning or becoming incapable, or defiring to bq difeharged as afore-tad, to be Member or Members of fuch Committee and Sub Committee refpeftively.

• XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That at the firft General Aflembly which fhall take place after the Expiration ri Three Calendar Months from the Conclufion of the faid Third Sea-fon of Theatrical Performances, Six of the firft Committee appointed and elefted under the faid recited Aft and this Aft (ball be withdrawn by Ballot from the faid Committee (except the Truftees for tfe time being pf the faid Company of Proprietors, who fhall alwa^i remain and continue, and form Part of every General Committer fur the time being of the faid Company), and their Numbers fhall be re-

placri

LiOOQle

C.xix.

812.	5 2" GEO.	HI.

985

placed in the manner by the faid recited Aft direfted, at to the withdrawing and replacing Seven of the faid Committee ; and it (hall and may be lawful for the new Committee, or any Seven of them, and they are hereby direfted, at a Meeting to be forthwith convened for that fpecial Purpofe, to nominate and eleft a Sub Committee of Management, according to the Rules and Regulations hereinbefore contained for fuch Nomination and Eleftion, which Sub Committee of Management (hall be taken to be and be in the Place of fuch original Sub Committee of Management fo to be firft elefted, conftituted and approved as aforefaid, and fhali be veiled with all the Powers by this Aft given to the faid firft Sub Committee of Management 5 which faid General Committee and Sub Committee fo refpec-tively to be appointed, nominated and elefted, (hall continue for the Purpofes of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the then next fucceeding Seafon of Theatrical Performance, or until another Committee and Sub Committee of Management fhali have been nominated and elefted in the Room of the faid General Committee or of the faid Sub Committee ; and fuch Nomination and Eleftion of fuch General Committee and fuch Sub Committee refpeftively fhali take place in each and every fucceeding Year at the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Clofe of the then next preceding Seafon of Theatrical Perform^ ances, and each fuch General Committee and Sub Committee fo fuc-ceffively elefted, conftituted and approved, fhali be and they are hereby invefted with the fame Powers and Authorities as are by the faid recited Aft and by this Aft refpeftively given to the firft General Committee and the firft Sub Committee of Management fo hereby direfted to be elefted, conftituted and approved 5 ana each fuch fuc-ceflivc General Committee and Sub Committee fhali continue in Office refpeftively, and continue to be vefted with fuch Powers and Authorities until the Nomination and Eleftion of another General Committee and Sub Committee refpeftively, in the Room thereof, and no longer.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if Members of Suk at any General Aflcmbly to be held according to the Forms and at Committee not the times in the faid recited Aft direfted, for the Purpofe of elefting ^-elefted at Members to fupply the Places of Members going out by Ballot or

Rotation from fuch General Committee, it fhali fo happen that any puces fupplied. One or more or all of the Members conftituting the laid Sub Committee of Management for the time being, (hall be withdrawn by Ballot or Rotation, and (hall not be re-elefted into the faid General Committee, then and in fuch cafe, each fuch Member of fuch Sub Committee fo withdrawn by Ballot or Rotation from the General C >m-roittee, fhali neverthelefs continue to aft as Member or Members of fuch Sub Committee of Management, until a frefh Eleftion and Nomination, in the Room of fuch Member or Members fo withdrawn fhali have taken place according to the Forms herein preferibed.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That in Committee em-

every fuch cafe fuch Committee fhali, on the Day immediately fuc- powered to fill ceeding the Day ou which fuch Vacancy or Vacancies fhali have been	m

created in the faid Sub Committee of Management in the manner u omm,tt€C* aforefaid, or asfoon after as conveniently may be, not exceeding Ten

Days from the Day on which fuch Vacancy or Vacancies fhali have.

(aken place, and they, or any Seven of them, are hereby direfted to

3 R 4	nominate



Google

5>86

C.xix.

52 GEO. in.

A.D.tSi2

Members of General or Sub Committee may ke re-cleded*

In cafes of Vacancy in General or Sub Committee, others appointed.

50 G. 3. c.ccxiv.

Truflees to con-»inue on Committee.

nominate and eledl fomc other Perfon or Perfons, being Members of the faid Committee, and duly qualified as aforefaid, to be Member or Members of the faid Sub Committee in the Room of the Member or Members fo withdrawn as aforefaid ; and fuch Member or Members fo elected (hall be and is and are hereby veiled with all and the like Powers as aforefatd, and (hall continue in Office for the fame Period and under the fame Conditions, as if he or they had been ia the ordinary Courfe ele&ed, nominated and appointed Members of fuch Sob Committee of Management, and no longer : Provided alfo, that all or any of the Six Perfons who (hall from time to time, by Ballot or Rotation, go out of Office as above mentioned, and all or any of fuch Sab Committee who from time to time (hall go out of Office in the manner herein preferibed, (hall and may from time to time be re-ele&ed Member or Members of the faid Committee or Sub Committee, aad thereupon (hall be Member or Members of the faid General Committee or of tne faid Sub Committee to which he or they (hall from time to time fo refpe&mdy be rc-ele&ed, as effeftually as if he or they had not previoufiy been a Member or Members of fuch General or Sub Committee ; any thing in this or the faid recited A& to the contrary thereof notwithilanding.

XXXVII. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been nominated or elededa Member or Members of the faid General Committee or of the fed Sub Committee for the time being, under and by virtue of the faid recited Act 6r of this A61, fhall die or decline to adl or become isca-pable of atting in fuch Committee or Sub Committee, (fuch Perfon or Perfons, if he or they (hall decline to adl in either of fuch Committees, having firft given Two Calendar Months Notice in Wridag under his or their Hand or Hands, of his or their Intention not to adl as a Member for Members of fuch General or Sub Committee, as the cafe may be, which Notice fuch Member or Members is and are hereby refpedtively required to give under his or their Hand or Hands, directed to the Secretary for the time being, of the (kid Cosb-mittee), that then and in either and every of fuch cafes, and as often as it (hall fo happen, fome other Perfon or Perfons (hall be named, appointed and ele&ed to be a Member or Members of fuch General Committee or Sub Committee, in the Room of fuch Member or Members who (hall from time to time die, decline to a£l, or be incapable of adting in fucli General Committee or Sub Committee, in fuch and the fame manner as is directed for the Election of fuch Committee and Sub Committee, and when fo eledted (hall be veiled with the like Powers as are given and diredfed in and by virtue of this Ad, 6r in the faid recited A61, and not herein and hereby repealed, ah tered or varied; any thing in this Adt or in the faid recited Ad refpe&iVely contained to the contrary thereof notwithflanding.

IfXXVIIL And be it further ena&ed, That the Truftees for tin tinfe being named in the faid recited Adi, and the Truftees from time to time hereafter to be appointed by virtue of this Adt, or the Majority of them, (hall from time to time appoint the Banker or Bankers to the faid Company of Proprietors, where the faid new Theatre Accounts and Monies (hall be kept; and from time to time fluff and may change fuch Banker or Bankers, and in his or their Stead appoint any other Banker or Bankers as they may think proper; and that fuch Truftees for the time being (hall always remain and continue



A.D. 1812.

C. xix.

9*7

■52* GEO. IIL

tinue to be and form Part of every future General Committee of the {aid Company; any thing in the faid recited Aft or in this A ft contained to the contrary thereof notwithflanding : And in cafe any of Appointment of the Truftees named and appointed by the faid recited Aft, or any New Truftee or Truftees hereinafter to be named or appointed in purfu-ance of this Aft, (hall die, or decline to continue or become incapable of afting as fuch Truftee or Truftees, (fuch Truftee or Truftees who (hall at any time or times decline to aft, having firft given Two Calendar Months Notice in Writing under bis or their Hand or Hands of his or their Intention to that Effeft, which Notice he or they are hereby refpeftively required to give under his or their Hand or Hands, direfted to the Secretary for the time being, of-the (aid Committee), then and in any or either of fuch cafes, and fo often as the fame fhall'occur, the Committee of the faid Company for the time being fhall and may and they are hereby authorized and direfted at any Meeting or Meetings duly convened for that fpecial Purpofe, to nominate and eleft a new Truftee or Truftees, being a Holder of Holders of not lefs than Five Shares each in the faid Undertaking, in the Room of fuch Truftee or Truftees who fhall fo die, or decline to continue or become incapable of continuing fuch Truftee or Truftees; and fuch new Truftee or Truftees fhall be vefted with fuch and the like Powers and Authorities as the Truftee or Truftees who fhall fo die, decline or become incapable of afting as aforefaid ; any thing in the faid recited Aft or in this Aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithflanding : Provided, that it fhall not be lawful Prorifc. for any of the faid Truftees, direftly or indireftly, to derive, obtain or receive for himfelf, or for any other than the faid Company of Proprietors, any Profit, Emolument or Advantage whatfoever, for or by reafon of the Appointment of any fuch Banker or Bankers, or for, by or from the Depofit, Inveftment, Ufe or Intereft, of any of the Money of the faid Company.

XXXIX. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be Company iutho-lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, and their Sue- rixed to infure cefTor8 for the time being, to make and effeft any Infurance or In- Theatre, &c. furances on the faid intended Theatre, and the Wardrobe, Scenery,

Machinery, Furniture, Books, Mufic and other Property which fhall at any time or times belong to the faid Theatre, againft Lofs or Damage by Fire.

XL. And, to the Intent that the fame may be carried into Effeft, Fund eflabliflicdl be it enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid for that Purpofe. Company of Proprietors and their Succeffors, and they are hereby direfted to caufc a Stock or Fund to be created and eftablifhed by and from the Yearly Payment of Five Shillings upon every Share of One hundred Pounds each, fubferibed or to be fubferibed by the faid Company of Proprietors for rebuilding the faid intended Theatre, and carrying the Purpofes of the faid recited Aft and of this Aft into Effeft, until the Fund fo to be created and eftablifhed (hall have amounted to the Capital Stock of Twenty five thoufand Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That, for and Committee em-towards creating the faid Infurance Fund, it fhall and may be lawful, powered to de-and the Committee for the time being are hereby empowered and di- duftjs. from refted, from and out of the Interefts and Profits wnich may arife out of Pro.?t*l °f the faid Capital Stock fo fubferibed or to be fubferibed for building f^'ng 8

21	the	ranee Fund.

Goode

C.xix

AJ). iSi2*

& geo. nr.

The fame iitveft-ed in the Fundi.

Jnuirance Fund neceflary to make good Damage by Fire referred by Committee.

Vhen Fund fhiil amount to l5*OOOl. Slock, and nu wanted, Committee directed to apply Dividendf for certain Purpofcf.

the faid Theatre, to dedu& Five Shillings out of every Sam or Some of Money fo arifing or becoming payable upon each and every One hundred Pounds Share of fuch Capital Stock, to be applied and carried to the faid Infurance Fund fo dire&edto be formed.w

XLII. And be it ena&ed, That all and every the Sum or Sams of Money fo from time to time payable and to be paid for the (aid lad mentioned Purpofe of creating the faid Infurance Fund, (hall from time to time as the fame (hall arife or be received as aforefaid, be bid out in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confoliaated Bank Annuities, in the Names of the Truftces of the faid Company of Proprietors for the time being, and together with the Dividends anting therefrom (hall be vefted in the Truftces for the time being of the faid Company of Proprietors, as Truftces of the Theatre Royal Drury Lane Company of Proprietors, and (hall form and be an accumulating Fund, until the fame (hall amount to the Capital Stock or Sam of Twenty five thoufand Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Confoli-dated Bank Annuities ; when the Deductions from fuch Annual Payments on account of fuch Infurance Fund (hall ceafe and be no longer made, unlcfs the General Committee for the time being (lull deem it expedient to increafe the faid Capital Stock higher than the Sum of Twenty fivethoufand Pounds Capital Stock herein mentioned; and which the faid Committee are hereby authorized to do from time to time, if fuch Committee for the time being (hall deem it adrif-able for the Benefit of the faid Company fo to do.

XLII I. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That whea and fo often as any Damage by Fire (hall happen to the faid Theatre or Property, the faid Fund or Capital Stock, and the Dividends fo to accumulate, or fo much thereof as (hall be ncccfTary, (hall be transferred to and taken and received by the General Committee for the time being, of the (aid Company of Proprietors, and applied from time to time, for and towards repairing and making good the Danube or Damages fo occafioned by Fire, and all Expenccs, Cofh and Charges attending thereupon.

XL1V. Provided always, apd be it further ena&ed. That wherever and fo foon as the faid Fund fo to be created (hal!? together with the Dividends accruing thereupon, amount to the Capital Sum of Twenty five thoufand Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Confoli-dated Bank Annuities, or to fuch larger Sum of Capital Stock as the faid Committee for the time being mall think proper to d:re&, then and in fuch cafe, and fo long as the faid Fund lo created (hall not be called for or applied towards the repairing, making good or rebuilding, in confluence of any Damage done by Fire to the faid Theatre of Property thereof, the Dividends arifing therefrom (hall be applied in the manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, in the firil Place, in and towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Incumbrance which may have been created or be then exifting upon the faid Theatre Property, or any Part thereof, in the Order or according to the Pri-ority in point of Date in which fuch Debts or Incumbrances may re-fpeCtively (land, or in cafes where no Claim of Priority (hall exill with regard to fuch Debts or Incumbrances, in fuch Order or Succefflonis the faid Committee for the time being (hall appoint; and from and after the Payment of all fuch Debts and Incumbrances, then and thereafter the Dividends arifing therefrom (hall be paid and payable to fuch Proprietor or Proprietors for the time being, or his, her or

*	tkfif

L.ooQle

A.D.i8x2*

52* GEO. in.

C.xix.

9*9

their Representatives, in Proportion to the Share or Shares held by each fuch Proprietor, his, her or their Reprefentatives refpedively.

XLV. Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That in cafe and fo often When Fund rs* as any Part of fuch accumulating Fund or Capital Stock, or any Part du.cwl»Com-thereof, after the fame*(hall have fo accumulated to the faid Capital	5*

Stock of Twenty five thoufand Pounds, or to fuch other Sum of from Profits of Capital Stock over and above the faid Capital Stock or Sumof Twenty each Sham five thoufand Pounds, as the faid Committee for the time being (hall think proper to dired as aforefaid, (hall have been ufed and applied towards rebuilding, repairing or making good any Damage or JLofs which may have been occafioned to the faid Theatre Property by Fire, that then and from thenceforth, and as often as fuch Capital Stock (hall have been fo reduced, by the Payments aforefaid on account of fuch Damage fo occafioned by Fire, the faid Committee for the time being are hereby authorized and direded to dedud yearly and every Year the Sum of Five Shillings from and out of the Interefts and Profits from time to time arifing or becoming payable upon each and every One hundred Pounds Share of the faid Capital Stock fo fub-feribed or to be fubferibed for building the faid Theatre, and the other Plirpofes in the faid recited Ad mentioned, to be applied and carried to the faid Infurance Fund fo diredted to be formed until the faid Capital Stock or Fund of Twenty five thoufand Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, or fuch higher Capital Stock or Fund as the faid Committee for the time being (hall thiuk proper to dired, (hall have been created, and then and thenceforth to be again applied as aforefaid.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That fuch In- Infurance Fund furance Fund, fo to be created as aforefaid, (hall be and the fame is be *n Addi-bereby direded to be in Addition to andexclufive of any Sum or Sums which fhall hereafter be infured in any of the Societies or Companies pany aty infurr created or to be created for the Purpofe of Infurance againft Damage «ce offices, by Fire, by virtue of any Agreement or Agreements, Covenant or Covenants, entered into or to be entered into by and between His Grace the Duke of Bedford as Landlord, and the faid Committee on Behalf of the faid Company of Proprietors or any other Infurance or Infuranccs to be fo effeded by the faid Committee on the Behalf of the ftid Company of Proprietors.

XLVII. And be it enaded, That no Part of fuch Infurance Fund No Part of Tufa to be created by virtue of this Ad, (hall be applied for and to- fl,rance *'l,nd wards the repairing, making good or rebuilding the faid Theatre, or Buildings belonging to or forming Part thereof, which may have been Money infured damaged or deftroyed by Fire, until all and every the Sum or Sums fo expended, infured, or to be infured by virtue of fuch Agreement or Agreements,

Covenant or Covenants as aforefaid, or otherwife as aforefaid (hall have been fo expended.

XLVII I. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be law- Committee mty ful for the Committee for the time being of the faid Company, and make Jtyc-Laws, they are hereby authorized to make fuch Bye-Laws, Ordinances and Regulations, and from time to time to alter and amend the fame, for the Management and Government of the faid Theatre and the Pro-, perty and Concerns thereof, not repugnant to or inconfiftcnt with the faid recited Ad and this Ad, as fuch Committee for the time being of the faid Company of Proprietors (ball from time to time deem expedient and neceffary j and that fuch Bye-Laws, Ordinances and

Re^u-



N«w Theatre, when eeeiled and finifhed, vefted in Com-rany.

Provifion* of former A6t (not altered or repealed) extended to Ad.

Truftectj&c. only accountable Jor own Adi j.

Regulations, from time to time to be made, (hall, to all Intents, Effects, Con ft ructions and Purpofes whatfoever, have the lame Force and EfFed as if the fame had been mentioned and enaded in this Ad.

* XLIX. And whereas the faid Committee fince the palling of the 4 faid Ad have made diligent Enquiry touching the feveral Claim-4 ants on the faid late Theatre and the Property thereof; but the 4 faid Committee, uotwithftanding their utmoft Endeavours, hare 4 hot been able to difeover all the Perfons interefted therein, but fuch 4 Perfons now remaining undiscovered are few in Number; aodmaf* 4 much as it will be highly prejudicial and ruinous to the Inteiefb of 4 the great Majority of the feveral Claflesof Claimants in or upon the 4 faid late Theatre and Property, and who have confented to accept 4 and take Compenfations for the fame, unlefs fuch Property and the 4 faid intended new Theatre were refpedively vefted in the faid Com-* pany of Proprietors, fubjed to fuch of the Provifions of the faidre-4 cited Ad as are not hereby altered or repealed, and alfo fubjed to 4 the Provifions-of this Ad ;* Beit therefore enaded, That, from and immediately after the faid intended new Theatre fhall have beta finifhed, fit for the Reprefentation of Plays, the faid intended new Theatre, and all and fingular the Scenery, Machinery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Fixtures, Mufic, Articles, Matters and Things, and all the Eredions and Buildings thereunto refpedively belonging, and ah and every the Patents, Licences and Property of or belonging to the faid late Theatre, (hall (fubjed to fuch of the Provifions of the faid, recited Ad as are not hereby altered, varied or repealed, and alio fubjed to the Provifions of this Ad, and alfo fubjed to the Rights, Titles, Interefts, Claims and Demands of all and every Perfon asd Perfons whomfoever for the Value of his, her and their refpedirc Rights, Titles, Interefts, Claims or Demands in or upon the iame,a> fhall not have confented to accept Compenfations for fuch Rights, Titles, Interefts, Claims and Demands refpedively) be and become vefted in, and the fame are hereby refpedively vefted in the laid Company of Proprietors and their Succeffors, for the general Purpofes of this Ad.

L. And be it further enaded, That the faid recited Ad, and aO and every the Enadmeqts, Powers, Provifoes, Regulations, Clauies, Matters and Things therein contained, or all and every fuch ofctbog, and all fuch P*irts thereof as are not hereby repealed, altered or varied, fhall continue and remain in full Force and EfFed, and fhall be applied and extended, and be conftrued, deemed and taken to apply to this Ad, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame had been re-enaded in the Body of this Ad.

LI. Provided always, arid it is hereby further enaded. That the faid Truftees, Committee and Sub Committee for the time being of the faid Theatre'or Company of Proprietors, or any or either of them, their or any of their Executors or Adminiftrators, fhall not be an-jwerable or accountable, any or either of them, for the others or other of them, or for the Ads, Receipts, Negleds or Defaults of any other or others of them ; nor fhall they or any or either of them beanfwe?--able or accountable for any more Monies than what fhall be received by or adually come to his or their Hands by virtue of or under the Trfttts and Powers aforefaid; nor fhall they or any or either of them be anfwerable or accountable for any Bank, Bankers or other Perfqps

with

\.D. 1812.

5 20 GEO. III.	C.xix. xx; 99?	.

*rith whom or in whofe Hands any Monies or Securities of or belonging to the faid Company of Proprietors fhall or may be depofited or lodged, in the Execution of the aforefaid Trufta or Powers ; nor with or for any other Lofs, Damage or Misfortune which may happen m the Execution of the aforefaid Trufts and Powers, or any or either of them, or in relation thereto 5 but (hall be acquitted and fayed harmlefs by the faid Company of Proprietors in refpecl of all fuch A£ts, Matters and Things as (hall be done by them or any or either of them, under the faid recited Aft: or of this prefent Ad, or in the Management and Execution of the feveral Trufts and Powers in them refpedfcively repofed, or to be referred as aforefaid, and of and from all A6Hons, Suits, Damages, Claims and Demands in refpeft thereof;	’	’	•

and alfo that they the laid Tfuftees and other the Members of the faid Committee, and fuch Committee and the Truftees for the time Truftees, &c. being refpeftively, his and their refpeftive Executors and Admini- P**d Cofts, &c. ftrators and every of them, fhall be re-imburfed and paid by and out of the Stock or Monies for the time being to the faid Theatre and Company of Proprietors belonging, all fuch Lofs, Cofts, Charges,

Damages and ‘Expences, as they and every or any of them mail bear, pay, fuffer, fuftain, expend or be put unto, for or by reafon or on account of any of the Trufts, Powers and Authorities in them re-pofed, or to be repofed as aforefaid, or in the Management or Execution thereof, or of any other Matter, Caufe or Thing whatfoever, in any wife relating thereto.

LII. And be it further enabled, That the faid Company of Pro- Expeaces of Aft prietors fhall pay and difeharge all the Cofts and Charges of obtain- P»id* mg and palling this Aft, and the Expences incident thereto* and of inveftigating the Title of the Proprietors and Claimants on the faid Premiles and Patents, and obtaining Conveyances and Alignments thereof, and fuch other Expences as they may be put to in .the Execution of this Truft, with and out of any of the Monies already fubferibed or hereafter to be fubferibed by the faid Company as aforefaid.

L1II. Saving always to the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, his General Saving. Heirs and Succeftors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her and their Heirs,

Succeftors,' Executors and Adminiftrators, all fuch Right, Title and Intereft (other than fuch as is and are hereby exprelTed, and intended to be compenfated for, barred and extinguilhed) as they, every or any of them, could or ought to have had or enjoyed of, in, to or out of, the faid late Theatre, or the Patents, Property or Profits thereof, in cafe this A & had not been made.

LIV. And be it further ena&ed, That this A A (hall be deemed Public Aft. and taken to be a Public Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juft ices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. xx.

An Aft to enable the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin to faife a6G. 3,(I.)ci4; a fufficient Sum of Money, by Prefentment, for completing the rebuilding Lucan EJridge over the Rivtr Anna Liffcy at Lucan, In the Pariih of Lucan in the County of Dublin.

. \	[20th	March	1812.]

Cap.



C.xxi—xfcvii.

52° GEO. III.

A.D.1812.

99*

Cap. xxi.

iS G. 2. c.6.	An AA for enlarging the Term and Powers of an	A&of King

7G. 3. c.71.	George the Second, and Two AAs of His prefent	Majelly, for

33 G. 3. c. 157. repairing the Road from Hedon to Hull, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Fork. (e)	[20th	March	1812.]

Cap. xxii.

17	O.i.c.25. An A& for enlarging the Term and Powers of an A A of King 4 G 3. c. 66. * George the Second, and Two A6ts of His prefent Majesty, for 320-3* c. 136. repairing the Roads from Hull to Beverley, and from Bendued Bridge to Cotlingham, in the County of Tork. (e)

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xxiii.

An AA for repairing the Roads from Ipfwich to Helminghamt aid to Dehenham, and from Hemingfton to Olley Bottom, in the County of Suffolk, (b)	[20th	March	1812.]

Cap. xxiv.

An A A for repairing the Road from Ipfwich to Stratford Saint Mery in the County of Suffolk. (£)	[20th	March	1812.]

Cap. xxv.

io	0.3. c. 99.	An AA for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two AAs of His pit*

%% G. 3. c 99. fent Maiefty, for repairing feveral Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tamwortb, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick and Derby, and in the County of the City of Lichfield. (h)	[20th	March	1812.	j

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxvi.

An AA for making and maintaining a Road from Stone Street Hetd at Ocklty, in the County of Surrey, to join a Branch of the Herfm and Guildford Road at Warnham, in the County of Svffex. (j)

£aoth March tSU.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.^

Cap. xxvii.

a* G. $. c. xod. An AA to continue the Term, and alter and erllarge the Powers of *	an	AA palled in the Twenty third Year of His prefent Majtfty,

for completing the Road from Cirencefler, in the County of Glee-€ejkr, through Tetbury to Woejield Corner9 and a Road from these* to or near L,ambridgeti\t*T the City of Bath, and for other Purpafo* relating thereto ; and alfo to repair a certain Road from Dufies to Underbridge, in the Parifh of Shipton Moigne, in the fed County, (c)	[20th March 1812.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls grouted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.J

c*

L.ooQle

A.D.i8i2.

5 a* GEO. III.

C. xxviii—xxxr.

993

*

xxviii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His 9 G* 3- c. 45* prefent Majesty, for repairing Roads in the Counties of Flint, Den- 11 G*3-c* high and Carnarvon, fo far as the fame relate to The Saint Afaph and Conway Dijlrifts (f) of Road, (r)	[20th	March 1812.]

£Additional TruJIees.]	(a)	[Srr as to Flint, Holywell and

Moflyn Difirids, pofi. c.cxvii.J

Cap. xxix.

An Aft to continue and amend Two Afts pafled in the Tenth and xo G. 3. c. 98. Thirtieth Years of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road G. 3, c. 88. from Macclesfield, in the County of Chejler9 to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Heady in FernileCy in the County of Derby % leading to Chapel in the Frith in the fame County, (c)

[20th March 1812.]

[Additional Trujltes. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. xxx.

An Aft for more efFeftually repairing the Roads from IVendover to the End of Oak Laney and from the River Colne9 for Half a Mile, towards Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, (a)

[20th March 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of King George the Second, and Two Afts of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Chejlerjield to Hcrnjlone Lane Heady with its Branches ; and for amending and making a certain other Road to communicate therewith, all in the County of Derby, (a)

[20th March 1812.] [Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in Congham> in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.)	[20th	March	1812.]

7 G x. 8cm. x. c. 24.

15 G. 2. c.5.

24 G. 2. C.32. 17 G.3. C.82.J repealed as to Roads comprifed in Title to this

Aa.

32 G. 2. c. 43. 19 G. 3. c. 87. 41 G. 3. (U.K.J

Cap. xxxiii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Pari/h of Barford, in the County of Norfolk. (q. r.)	[20th	March	1812.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Caifier9 next Great Tar-mouthp in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	[20th	March	l8l2*3

Cap. xxxv.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifti of Eaf Dereham, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	[20th	Marsh	1812.]

“ Allotment to His Majesty. $ 25.

Cab.

vjOO^IC

C.xxxvi—xliii.

52® GEO. III.

A.D. 1812.

Cap. xxxvL

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Kirby Bedon, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	[20th	March	1812.]

Cap, xxxvii.

An Aft for enlarging the prefent or providing a new Workboufe for the Ufe of the Parifh of Stroodf in the County of Kent; fer better governing, maintaining and employing the Poor of the {aid Parifh 5 and alfo for repairing or rebuilding the Church and Tower of the fame Parifh, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.

[25th March 1812.]

Cap, xxxviii.

3»G.j.c. 118. An Aft for more effeftually repairing the Road from Boroughbridgn

41 G. 3. (U. K.) in the County of Yorky to the City of Durham. (b)

c. iv. repealed.	[25th	March	1812.j

[.Double 1'ollt on Sunday,']

Cap. xxxix.

n G. 3. c.71. An'Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A&s of His 32 G.3. c.133. prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Brough Ferry to South Newbald Holmes, in the Eaft Riding of the County of York, and for amending the Road from Brough to Welton, in the fame Riding, (a)	[25th	March	1812.]

[Afcev Trujiees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted,]

’Cap. xl.

10 G. 3. c.55. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two feveral Afts *31 G.3. G97. of His prefent Majesty, for repairing and widening feveral Roads in the County of Cardigan; and alfo for making other Roads in the faid County, (r)	[25th	march	1812.]

[Additional Trujiees for Cardigan and Aberyjlwyth DiJlriQs. Tolls of ro G. 3. in part to ceafey and new Tolls granted.]

[ Cap. xli.

Si G. 3. c. 106. An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Aft made in the Thirty firft Year of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Haverfordwejl, through Fishguard, to Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and from Fifhguard to the City of Saint David*/, m the faid County, (c)

[25th March 1812.]

[[Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday,]

r Cap. xlii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Llanvihangel Nani-mellany in the County of Radnor, (q. P.)	[25th March 1812.]

Cap. xliii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Cajlon, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)*	[25th	March	1812.]

^	Cap.



A*D.i8i2.

520 GEO. III.

C. xliv—xlviii.

995

Cap. xliv.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Pilletb, in the County of Radnor, (q. P.)	[25th March 1812.]

44 Allotment to His Majesty. $21.28.

Cap. xlv.

An Aft for inclofing Lands within the Manor and Parifh of South-weald, in the County olEJfex. (q. P.)	5th	March	1812.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Aft for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of Three 14 G. 3 c 9I Afts of His preient Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the 17 G. 3*c fa River Thames, Weftward of London Bridge, within the Liberties 5° G. 3. c. cciv. of the City of London ; and for further improving the faid Navigation.	[20th April 1812.]

[Tolls of 50 G.3./0 ceafe, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Aft to authorize the Commiflioners for improving and completing ug ? the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ifis, from the Jurifdic- 15 G. 3. c#. jfi. tion of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Mid- 280. 3. c. 51. dlefex, to the Town of Crichlade, in the County of Wilts, to make 25 G. 3. c. xc6. a navigable Canal out of the River Thames near Milfonys Point, in the Parifh of Egham, in the County of Surrey, to communicate with the faid River at or near Bell Weir, in the faid Parifti of Egham ; and to ereft Pound Locks in fuch Cut, with neceflary Weirs and other Works on the faid Navigation.

[20th April 1812.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Aft for empowering the Commiflioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Wejlminjler, and Part of the County of Middlefex, to purchafe a Mell’uage and Premifes for holding their Meetings; and for enlarging the rowers of the faid Commiflioners.

[20th ApribiSiz.]

4 TTTHEREAS in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His ajH.8. c. 5.

* W Majesty King Henry the Eighth, one general Aft concern-4 ing Commiflioners of Sewers, intituled The Bill of Sewers, with 4 a new Provifo, &V. to be direfted into all Parts within His faid 4 Majesty’s Realm, was enafted, and made to continue and endure 4 for Twenty Years then next following ; and the faid Aft, and 4 all the Claufes, Articles and Provifions in the fame, were, by an 4 Aft of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His Majesty 3&4E. 6.c. 8.

4 King Edward the Sixth, intituled An Ad for the Continuance of § *•

4 the Statute of Sewers, made perpetual, fubjeft to certain new Re-4 gulations exprefled and contained in the laft mentioned Aft: And 4 whereas by an Aft pafled in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of 13 Eli*, c. 9.

4 Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Aft for the Commijfton of Sewers ;

4 and an Aft pafTed in the Third Year ©f the Reign of King James 3 Jac. 1. c.14.

4 the Firft, intituled An Att for the Explanation of the Statute of 4 Sewers ; and an Aft pafled in the Second Year of the Reign of 1W.J1M.

4 King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Ad for paving and Seff. 2. c.S, j2 Geo. III.	3	S	4	cleanftng



99<f

C. ririii.

A.D.1814

7 Ann. c. ia

47 G. 3. Self x. c. vu.

Letters Patent 29th March and s8th April

46 G. 3.

Cotmniflioneri may treat with Owners for Pur* chafe of Mef-fuage, &c. in Greek Street, Soho.

5 2* GEO. Iff.

4 cleaning the Streets in the Cities of London and Weftminfter, and 4 Suburbs and Liberties thereof \ and Out Parijhes in the County of 4 Middlefcg, and in the Borough of Southwark, and etket Places 4 within the Weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey, and 4 for regulating the Markets therein mentioned; and an A€t parted m 4 the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne* intituled An Ad 4 for rendering more effedual the Laws concerning Commsfioners «/ 4 Sewers ; and an A& parted in the Forty feventh Year of the Reiga 4 of His prefcnt Majelty King George the Third, intituled An A3 4 to enlarge the Powers and extend the JtirifdiSion of the CoMraifltosers 4 of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Well min ft er, and Part of the 4 County of Middkfex ; the Provifoes and Provifions contained in 4 th£ faid A&s of the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His 4 Majelty King Henry the Eighth, and the Third and Fourth Years 4 of the Reign of His Majelty King Edward the Sixth, ha*e beta 4 varied, altered, enlarged and extended: And whereas by Hia 4 Majesty’s Letters Patent, one under the Great Seal of the United 4 Kingdom df Great Britain and Ireland\ hearing Date the Twenty 4 ninth Day of March in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of Hu 4 prefent Majefly, and the other under the Seal of the Duchy of 4 Lancajler, bearing Date the Twenty eighth Day of April in the 4 faid Forty lixth Year of the Reign of His faid prefent Majcty, 4 the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Erjk'tne, then Lord High 4 Chancellor of that Part of Great Britain and Ireland called Greet 4 Britain, Charles Duke of Norfolk, George Duke of Marlborough, 4 Edward Lord EllenboroUgh, Sir William Grant Knight, Sir James 4 Mans fit Id Knight, and others therein named, have been appointed 4 Commiflioncrs of Sewers for the City and Liberty of IVefimduhr, 4 and Part of the County df Middkfex : And whereas on account 4 of the great Increafe of Building, and the extenfive Projeds for • Building now in Contemplation or carry ing into EfFe6f, within the 4 City and Liberty of IVeJlminJlei•, arid the Part of the County of 4 Mid At fix fubjcA to the faid Cormriifflor.s, it is rendered necertarr 4 and expedient that the faid Commiflioncrs Ihould Be enabled to 4 purchase a Meftuage and Prcrr.ifes for holding their Meetings, and 4 for keeping the Records, Books arid Papers of the faid Corr-4 million, or for any other Concern relating thereto, and that the 4 Powers of the faid Commiflioncrs fhoutd be enlarged May it therefore pleafe Your Majelty that it may be er.attcd ; and be h enadted by the King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and With the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, asd Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall be lawful for the CommifBoners of Sewers for the time being for the Limits afore faid, and they, or any Six or more of then , are hereby authorized and empowered to fell a certain Mefluagc and Prcmifes, with the Appnrtenances, where the Bufinefs of the faid Comraiflioners hns been carried on, fituate m Carlifle Street, Soho Square, in the Parifh of Saint Ann, within the Liberty of Wejlminjlev, in the County of Middkfex, fur all fud* Eftate, Term and lnttreft therein, as the faid Commiflioncrs have, and the Goods, Furniture and Fixtures therein, belonging to the faid Commiflioncrs, and to apply the Produce thereof in or towards the Payment of the Purchafc Money for the Premifes hertritiaittr mentioned, or for or towards any of the Purpofes authorized to be

dost



A.D.i8ia.

C.xlviiu

997

52° GEO. lit

dooe and executed by the faid Commiffioners under or by virtue of the faid Commiffions; and alfo to treat and agree with all and every the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Truftee or Truf-tees, or other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever interefted therein, for the Purchafe of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of a certain Mef-fuage or Tenement, fituate the Corner Houfe on the South Side of Soho Square, and at the North End on the Eaft Side of Greek Street, in the Parifh of Saint Ann, within the Liberty of IVeJlminJfer, in the faid County of Middltfex, with the Coach Houfes, Stables, Out* buildings and Appurtenances thereto belonging, late the Property of Thomas Slack Efquire, deceafed, and now in the Occupation of the faid Commiffioners, and more particularly mentioned in the Sche-dule to this Ad annexed, for the Purpofe of holding their Meetings, and for keeping the Records, Books, Writings and Papers of the faid Commiffioners, or for any other Concern relating thereto 5 and it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to hold fuch MelTuage and Pre* mifes fo to be purchafed, without incurring or being fubjed to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or of any other Law or Statute whatfoever to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding c Provided always, that no greater or larger Provifo.

Sum (hall be given for the Purchafe of the faid Mefiuage and Pre-mifes than the Sum of Five thoufand Pounds.

II.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Power to borrow Commiffioners, from time to time, to borrow and take up at Intereft Money. fuch Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five thoufand (ive hundred Pounds on the Credit of the Rates,

Taxes, Lots and Wains, to be made, levied, fet and colleded by virtue of the (aid recited Adis, or fome or One of them; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or of any Six or more of them, to adieu all or any Part of the faid Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her or their Truftee or Truftees, as a Security for the Principal Money to be advanced, with lawful Intereft for the fame ; and the Charges and Expences of fuch Affigfiment (to be made as hereinafter mentioned) (hall be from time to time defrayed by the faid Commiffioners out of the Money fo to be borrowed 5 and every fuch Affignment (hall be in the Words or to the EfFed following $ that is to fay,

*	\XTE, being	of	the Commiffioners of Sewers Form of Aflign-

*	for	the	City	and Liberty of Wcjlminjler, and Part of the went.

4 County of Mtddlefexy ading in purfuance of an Ad palled in the

* Fifty l'econd Year of the Reign of King George the Third, inti-

* tuled [/here fet forth the Title of this Ad] in Confideration of tht 4 Sum of	advanced	and lent by

*	of	in the County of	on	ths

4 Credit and for the Purpofes of the faid Ad, do hereby grant and

*	affign unto the faid	[or,	to	his	Truftes	or

4 Truftees, as the cafe may be~\ his [or, her] Executors, Admi*

1 niftrators and Affigns, fuch Proportion of the Rates, Taxes, Lots

* and Wains, to be railed, levied, fet and colleded by virtue of th#

4 faid recited Ads, or fome or One of them, as the faid Sum of 4	doth	or (hall bear to the whole Sum which may at

4 any time be borrowed or become due and owing, or be charged

3 S 2	4	upon

99*

C.xlviii.

A.D. 1812.

Commiilionen may raife Money by Annuities.

Form of Grant •f Annuity.

520 GEO. III.

* upon the Credit of the faid Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains ; to

* be had and holden from this	Day	of	until

*	the faid Sum of	with	Intereft after the Rate of

*	ter	Centum	per Annum for the fame, (hall be

*	fully paid and fatisned. In Witnefs whereof, we the faid Co*n-4 mifiioners have hereunto fet our Hands and Seals, the

*	Day of	in	the	Year	of	our	Lord

< >

And every fuch Security (hall be good, valid and effe&ual in the Law, and (hall entitle the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be made, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, to the Payment thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the faid Cotnmif* (toners (hall think it advifeable to raife all or any Part of the Money for the Purpofea aforefaid, by granting Annuities for Lives inftead of Aflignments as aforefaid, then and m fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered fo to do, aud by Writing under their Hands and Seth, or of any Six or more of theta, to grant an Annuity or Annuities to any Penon or Perfons who (hall contribute, advance and pay into the Hands of the Treafurer or Treafurers of the faid Commiffionen, any Sum or Sums of Money for the abfolute Purchafe of any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the natural Life or natural Lives of fuch Contributor or Contributors, and the Life of the Sur* vivor, or the natural Life of fuch Perfon, or the natural Lives of fuch Perfons, and the Life of the Survivor, as (hall be nominated by or on the Behalf of fuch Contributor at the time of the Payment of h« or her Contribution or Purchafe Money ; fo as that no fuch Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon a Angle Life, or the Lives of fuch Perfons, and the Life of the Survivor ; and the Ex pence of every fuch Annuity (hall be paid by the faid Commiflioners out of the Monies fo contributed; and the Grant of every fuch Annuity (hall be in the Words or to the Effedt following :

9	being	of	the	Commiflioners	of Sewm

9	for	the City and Liberty of IVeflminfler^ and Part of the

9 County of Middlefex, adting in purfuance of an Adi patted in the 9 Fifty lecond Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled 9 [here fet forth the Title of this A3] in Confederation of the Sum 9	paid by	to

9 the Treafurcr to the faid Commiflioners, do hereby grant unto the 4 faid	an	Annuity or yearly Sura of

9	to	be paid cut of the Rates, Taxes, Lots aud Wains, to

9 be raifed, levied, fet and colledled by virtue of the faid recited

*	Adis, or fome or One of them ; which Annuity or yearly Sura <4

9	(hall	be	paid to the faid	or	his

*	[or, her] Afligns, during the Term of his [or, her] natural Life,

*	[or, as the cafe may to the faid	his	[or, her]

4 Executors, Adminillrators or Afligns, during the natural Life of

*	or	during	the natural Lives of

*	and •	and the Life of the Survivor of them, on

*	the	Day of	the	Day	of

9 the



A.D.i8i2*

C. xlviii.

999

520 GEO. III.

4 the	Day of	and	the	Day	of

*	in every Year, during the natural Life or Lives of him, her or

‘ them, the faid	at the	the	firft

4	Payment	thereof, to be made on the	Day of

4	next	enfuing	the	Date	hereof.	In Witnefs whereof,

‘ We the faid Commiflioners have hereunto fet our Hands and Seals,

4 the	Day of	in	the Year

And every fuch Grant (hall be good, valid and effe&ual in the Law, without any Inrolment or Regiftry of the Memorial thereof in the High Court of Chancery, or elfewhere, except as hereinafter mentioned ; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding ; and every Annuity fo to be granted as aforefaid, (hall be and is hereby charged upon, and (hall be payable and paid by the Treafurer to the faid Commiflioners, out of the faid Rates, Taxes,

Lots and Wains refpedively, according to the Grant of fuch Annuity ; and that the faid Commiflioners (hall and may, if they think it moil advifable, by and out of any Monies in the Hands of the faid Commiflioners, or their Treafurer, pay the faid Purchafe Money of Five thoufand Pounds, and the Cods and Charges of repairing and fitting up the Premifes, as well as all other ufual and reafonable Ex-pences that may be incurred by the Commiflioners in carrying the laid Commiflions into Effect.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Alignments Perfons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be bor- and Annuities rowed on legal Interell as aforefaid, or to .be raifed by granting of urantfcrrcd' Annuities as aforefaid, and their refpedive Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, [/w the cafe may be] at any time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer fuch Securities to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever ; and every fuch Transfer may be in the Words or to the Effect following:

4 T A. B.f being entitled to the Sum of	or	an	Form.

*	Annuity of	fecured	to

4 and his Afligns, [ar the cafe may be] by virtue of an Aflignment,

*	[or. Grant of an Annuity] bearing Date the	Day of

4	under	the	Hands	and Seals of the Commiflioners of Sewers

4 for the City and Liberty of IVeflminJler, and Part of the County of 4 Middlefcxy ading in the Execution of an Ad palled in the Fifty 4 fecond Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled 4 \here fet forth the Title of this Aa\ on the Credit of the Rates,

*	Taxes, Lots and Wains, charged and made chargeable by the faid 4 Ad, do hereby transfer all my Right and Intereft in and to the

*	fame Sum [or, Annuity, and all Intereft and other Money now

*	due and arifing thereon] unto	his [or, her] Executors,

*	Adminiftrators and Afligns. Dated the	Day	of

« >

And a Copy of every fuch Security or Aflignment, and of every Copy of Afflgn-Grant of Annuity which (hall be made in purfuance of this Ad, and menr, &c. enter-an Extrad or Memorial of every Transfer thereof refpedively, (hall ednJBookfor be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk to the Infl^1011* faid Commiflioners ; which Extrad or Memorial (hall fpecify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred ; to which Book any Perfon inteiefted (hall at all feafon-

3 S 3	able



Google

ie%o

C.xhriii.

A.D.1812.

Fee.

Payment of Creditors provided for by Ballot*

Merty borrowed at lovrcr In-

52* GEO. III.

able times have Acccfs, and (halt have free L&drty to in(pe& Che fame without Fee or Reward ; and for the entering of every fuch Transfer, the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners (hall be paid, by the Perfon to whom fuch Transfer fhall be made, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, and no more; and every fuch Transfer, after Entry thereof as aforefaid, (hall entitle the Pfcrfoe to whom the Transfer fhall be made, and his or her Executors, Adminiflrators and Affigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, without any RegiRry or Inrobnent thereof.

V.	And, in order that no Preference may be given to any of the Perfons who fhall have advanced and lent Money on the Credit of the faid Rates, Taxes, Lots or Wains, he it further ena&ed. That the faid Commiffioners (if there fhall be more Creditors than One) fhall caufe the Number or Numbers of all Alignments or Securities granted, in cafe more than the Sum of One hundred Poinds fhall be lent and advanced upon any fuch Alignment or Security as afore, faid, and then in force for fecuring the Principal Monies lent and advanced on the Credit of the faid Rates, Taxes, Lots or Waits, of which Part (hall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon di(lin& Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, each Piece of Paper to contain only One Number in refpedt of every One hundred Pounds fo borrowed as aforefaid, and all fuch Papers fhall be retted up ia the fame Form, as near as may be, and he put into a Bor or Wired, and the Number Or Numbers of the faid Affigsments or Securities fhall be drawn feparately out of the faid Box or Wheel by the Clerk to the (aid Commiffioners ; and after every fuck Ballot, the faid Commiffioners fhall caufe Notice, figned by their Clerk, to be given to or left at the laft or ufual Place of Abode of the Perfoa or Per-fons who (hall be entitled to the Money to be paid off, either in fad or part Payment of their refpe&ivc Alignments or Securities as afore-faid, purfuant to fuch Ballot; and where there is only One Creditor, to give Six Calendar Months Notice tp fuch Creditor of the Intention of the faid Commiffioners to pay him or her as aforefaid, and every fuoh Notice fhall exprefs the Sum to be paid off, together with the Intereft due thereon, and that the fame fhall be paid on a Day and at a Place to be fpecified in fuch Notice, fuch Day not being fooner than Six Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving fuch Notices as aforefaid ; and the Intereft of the Principal Mo&ey to be fo paid off, fhall, from and after the Day fo fpecified, ceafe and be no longer paid or payable, unlefs fuch Money Audi be demanded purfuant to fuch Notice, and not paid ; but the Principal Money in refpc£t whereof fuch Notice (hall be given, and alfo the Intereft thereof to the Day fo fpecified, fhall nevertbelefs be payable on Demand ; but nothing herein contained fhall extend or be con-ftrued to extend to require the faid Commiffioners to pay off" and dif-charge any Monies lent or. the Credit of the faid Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, by way of Annuity, until all other the Creditors on the faid Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, fhall be paid off and difeharged, and the feveral Parties fo lending Money by way id Annuity, fhall agree to accept the Sum or Sums iff Money offered by the laid Commiffioners for the repurchase of fuch his, her or their Annuity or Annuities.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in cafe the faid ComimfSoners can at any time borrow or take up aoy Sum or

Sums

t^ooQle

A.JD.ifi?.	52? G£0. IU.	C.^lyiii.	ipoi

Sums of Money at a lower Rate of Intereft than the Aflignments or tcreft to4»f-Socucities which /hull be then in forep (ball bear, it (halite lawful for thefaid Cqmmdhoncisfropjtime to time to charge t^e /aid Rate#* *

T^xes, Lots and \V'ains, in manner aforefaid, with /uph Sum or Sums of Money ns they (hull t/iink proper, and thp Intereft thereof at fuch low Rate as aforefaid, and to pay off and difeharge the Alignments or Securities bearing a higher Rate of Intereff, according to the Directions an 1 Regulations tlierein preferibed {or paying off Aflignments or Securities.

* VII. And whereas great Difficulty h^s arifen to the Corpiuif-f Conors of Sewers for the Limit? aforefaid, ip laying ap equal Rate

*	from time to time upon the fevcral inhabitants withip the Limits

*	of the faid Commifltons, occaiioped by their not being authorised,

*	under any of the Statutes now in force concerning Sey/ere, to call

*	for and infpett the Poors Rates of the fevered JParifhes within the	,

*	Limits aforefaid ;* Be it therefore further enabled, That it fhaU he Commiflioner* lawful for the faid Commiflipners of Sewers for the Limits aforefaid, *“th°nzed( b7 from time to time, as the faid Commiflioners /hall fee OccaGan, by Books of Rates an Order in Writiug, to dired the Clerk for the tirpe being of the 0fParifoe*

Hd CojumifGqncrs, or any other Porfan On their Behalf, to ipfpefi within Limits, and take a Copy of the lait Rate or AflefTment for the Relief of the

Poor of any Parifti or Parifhes within the Jurifdiclion of the faii Commiflioners of Sewers, and on Production of fuch Order, by the Clerk of the faid Commiflioners or other Perfpn as aforefaid, to the Veilrv Clerk or other Perfpn cntruftgd with the Cuftgdy of the feversd Rates aforefaid, fuch Veftry Clerk, or other Perfon intruded with the Cullody of the faid Rates of ev*ery fpeh Rarift* ihall produce the feme forthwith to the f*iid Clerk of the faid ConundBouer^, aud permit him to infpecl and take a Copy thereof from time to time; pr otherwife (hall furuiih, with all copvepieot Spepd, to the .Clerk qf the faid CommiHroners for the time being, a true Copy of the Book of Rates of fuch Purifli or Parishes as aforefoid, op,bring paid for tire fame fuch Pecs as a;y directed by an A& uf .the ^Seventeenth 17 G. 1. c. 3, Year of King George the Second, intitulqd j{n jtJ to oblige Qvctfeers pf the Poor to give pulllck Notice qf Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, and to produce the fame, in order to enable the jaid Commd-(ioners of Sewers to lay an equal Ra*e or A/Rfiment qp ,the feyeral Inhabitants within the Ln^its pf tlie f^id Commifhou^ or apy Portion thereof.

VIII.	And be it further cnaftqd, That .when, gny Diftrefs (hall Diflfefcnotun* be made for any Sum of Money, to be levied by .virtue of the faid lawful f .r Want recited A&s, or this A61, or any of them, >the Piftrefs.itfelf/hall DPt ofForm* be deemed unlawful, pgr lhall.thc Party pr {Parties making tire fair.© be confidered a Trefpafler or Trefpaflcrs on account of any Default or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Con,yiiftiop. Warrant of Diltrefs, or in any other Proceeding relating thereto, nor (hall the faid Party or Parties diHraiuing be cpnfidered 4 TrcCppffer ,or Trefpaffers ab initio on account of any Irregularity wlijqh (hall Afterwards happen to be committed by the Party or parties.fio didraining; but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity (hall and may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage which)he,i(}ie or they (hall have fuftained thereby, with ufual Coils, and no more* in ap Adion of Trefpafs, or on the Cafe.

3S4	IX.	A«4



Google

1002

C.xlviiL

AJD.1812.

Plaintiff not to recover without Notice, or after Tender of Amends.

Limitation of Actions.

Where tried.

Double Cofts.

Former Aft* In force.

Colls and Charges of Aft.

Publick Aft.

52° GEO. in.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall recover in any Adion to be commenced again ft any Perfoo for any thing 4pne in purfuance of the faid recited Ads or this Aft, or any of them, unlefs Notice in Writing (hail have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Twenty eight Days before fuch Adion fhafl be commenced, of fuch intended Adion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch Action ; nor (hall the Plaintiff recover in any fuch Adion if Tender of fuificient Amends fhail have been made to him, her or them, or his, her or their Attcr-ney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before fuch Adion brought 5 and in cafe ^o fuch Tender (hall have been made, it (hall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Adion, by Leave of the Court, after fuch Adion fhail have been brought, at any time before I flue joined, to pay into Court loch Sam of Money as he, fhe or they (hall think fit; whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order and Judgment, (hall be made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no A&100 or Suit (hall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in puriuance of the faid recited Ads or this Ad, or any of them, after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed ; and every fuch Adion (hall be brought and tried in the County of Middleftx% and not elfewhcre; and if any fuch Adion or Suit (hall be brought before Twenty eight Days Notice (hall have been given, or after fuflicient Satisfadion made or tendered as afore faid, or after the time limited for bringing the fame as afore faid, then and in every fuch cafe the Jury (hall find a Verdid for the Defendant or Defendants; and if upon fuch Verdid the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her or their Adion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared ; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch cafe the Defendant or Defendants (hall recover Double Cofts, and (hall have Remedy for Recovery of the fame, as any Defendant hath for Cofts of Suit is other cafes by Law.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That the faid recited Ads, and all the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Claufes, Matters and Tfeiogs therein contained, (hall remain and be in force as fully and effedualiy in all refpeds, and to all Intents and Purpofes, a3 if the fame were repeated and re-enatted in this prefeut Ad, except only as the fame are hereby varied or altered.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That all Cofts, Charges and Ex-pences of obtaining and pafling this Ad, and of carrying the feme into Execution, (except as herein otherwife provided fer) (hall he paid out of the Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, to be levied, colleded or fet, by virtue of the faid recited Ads, or fome or one of them.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpedaHy pleaded.

The



-I>-1812.	520	GEO..HI.	C.xlviii—liii.	1003

The SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers, fo far as relates to the Preinifes in Greek Street, Soho.

A CAPITAL Mefluage or Tenement, with the Stables, Coach lotsfes. Outbuildings and Appurtenances, iituate on the South Side £ Soho Square, and at the North End and on the Eaft Side of >reek. Street, in the Parifh of Saint Ann, in the Liberty of Weftmiti-ter, and County of Middiefex.

The SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers, fo far as relates to the Premifes in Carlifle Street, Soho.

A MESSUAGE or Tenement, with the Appurtenances, fituate on the North Side of Carlifle Street, in the Parifh of Saint Ann, Weftminiler, aforefaid, lately in the Occupation of the faid Comraif-fioners of Sewers.

Cap. xlix.

An Aft for erefting a new Gaol in or near the Burgh of Cupar, in the County of Fife, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.

[20th April 1812.]

Cap. 1.

An Aft for the Improvement of certain Parts of the Harbour of Catnvater within the Manor of Plympton in the County of Devon ; and for the more cffeftually providing for the Security of the Communication from Pamphlet Point acrofs the contiguous Water of Lary within the faid Manor.	[20th	April	18i2.]

Cap. Ii.

An Aft for paving, cleanfing and otherwife improving the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surrey.	[20th	April 1812.]

Cap. Hi.

An Aft to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Cranjlon Hill ^g 0.3. c. xliv. Water Works to raife more Money for the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glafgow, and Places adjacent, with Water.

[20th April 1812.]

Cap. liii.

An Aft for empowering the Grand Juries for the County of the City of Dublin and of the County of Dublin, and the Corporation, to preferve and improve the Port of Dublin, to vary the Scite heretofore fixed for the intended Bridge over the River Anna Ltffey, in the faid City (in place of Ormond Bridge) from a Spot oppofite the Four Courts, to a Spot oppofite Charles Street or Mafs Lane, in the faid City 5 and for other Purpofes relating thereto.

[20th April 1812 ]

*	TT7HEREAS in purfuance of an Aft parted in the Forty 43^.3.cctxrii.

*	VV third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled

*	An A3 for amending and rendering more effeQual an A3 paffedin the

‘ Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Tear of the Reign of His pre~

*	fent Majejly, for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its

S Port and Harbour more commodious ; and for repairing andprefervinjf



1004

C.liii.

AJ3.jSi2.

Grand Juries of County <f City of Dublin and County of D <b-lin empowered to change Scite of Bridge.

Corporatioo .empowered to borrow Money for building Bridge.

Gand Juries to prelent

£1,041. 18. 8. expended on

5a~GE0. III.

f the Wails of At Rwer Anna Liffey in the City of Dublin ; sad alfo 4 for empowering the Corporation for preferring and improving the 4 Port of Dublin to build and repair Bridges over the /aid River within 4 certain Limits, the laid Corporation for preserving and improving

*	the Port of Dublin did, at Eqjler Term, in the Year of Our Lord

*	One thoufand eight hundred and eight, lay before the Court of

*	King’s Bench and the Grand Juries of the County of the Cky of

*	Dublin and County of Dublin, the Plan and t Climate of a Bridge ' to be built over the River Anna Lifsy ; which faid Hao and Eiii-4 mate the faid Court and the fa id Grand Juries did approve of, and

*	did fix upon a Scite for the faid Bridge, oppofite to the Four Courts 4 in the laid City : And whereas the faid Plan and Edimate were

*	afterwards, at the enfuing Michaelmas Term, approved of by the

*	Grand Juries of the County of the City and County of Dublin, and

*	the Sum mentioned therein as the Eftimate of the Expence thereof

*	was prefented by them s And whereas, upon more mature Conii-

*	deration, the Grand Juries for the County of the City of Delft*

*	and County of Dublin, have found it would tend mure to public Coa-4 vcniencc and Economy to build the faid Bridge over the River Anna 4 Li fey, oppofite to Charles Street or Mafs Lane, in (lead of oppofite « to the Four Courts, in the faid City May it therefore plcafe Your Majcfty that it may be enabled ; and be it euafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Cords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That tLe Grand Juries of the County of the City of Dublin and County of Dublin (hall and may hereafter, at any Eq/hr or Michaelmas Term after the pafling of this Aft, alter and change the Scite of the faid Bridge, from the Spot oppolite the Four Courts, to a Spot oppohte Charles Street or Mafs Lasse, in the City of Dublin ; and tliat .when fuch Alteration and Change (hall take place, the faid Bridge Hull then be proceeded on under and fubjeft to the Powers, Provifions, and Directions, contained in the faid recited Aft.

II. And be it further euafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Corporation to take up and borrow iuch Sum or Sums of Money as they (hall think iit, for the Purpofe of biulding the laid Bridge, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds at any Rate of Intcreft not exceeding legal Intereif in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and to ifTue Debentures for the fame under their Common Seal, ;o fuch manner and formas they (hail think proper; and which Sum and Suras of Money fo borrowed (hall be levied upon the Prefentments made for building the faid Bridge, by the Grand Juries cf the County qf Dublin and the County of the City of Dublin ; and the faid Grand Juries are hereby authorized and required to prefent fuch further Sum or Sums of Money as (ludl or may be neceflary to pay the lntercfl upon the Sums fo borrowed, until fuch Principal Sum (hall be paid by fuch Presentments.

* III. And whereas the faid Corporation have expended a Sum

*	of One thoufand and forty one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and

*	Eight pence, in repairing EJfex Bridge over tlie faid River Anna 4 Lijfey / Be it therefore further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury for the County of the City of Zhdk bn, and to and for the Grand Jury for the County of Dublin, at any

EtsfUr



A.D. 1812.	52*	GEO.	III.

C. lui.	1005

Softer or MitbaAmas Term after the pacing of this A&, to prefent Eflex Bridge by the laid Sum of One thoufand and forty one Pounds Eighteen Shil- Corporation, lings and Eight pence, to be railed, in Addition to any Sum already prefen ted by them for buddiog Bridges or repairing the Quay Walla oi the laid City of Dublin.

IV. And be it further ena&ed, That it Audi and may be lawful for Corporation era* the faid Corporation to prevent and remove all Obftru&ions, En- powered to re-croachmente and Nuifances whatsoever, on the Quays, Walls and ob-Bridges, of the (aid River Anna Liffey y within the Care, Management 1 ru loau Sind Superintendence of the fai<T Corporation as aforefaid, and to diitrain and fell £b much thereof by Public Cant, as (hall or may be neceiTary to pay the Ex peaces of fuck Removal, and alfo to expend from time to time, in temporary neceflary Repairs of the faid Bridges over the faid River Anna Liffey y any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred Pounds in any One Year, the fame to be paid out of the Funds applicable to rebuilding and repairing the Walls of the faid River Anna Liffey Weftward of Car liftt Bridge.

4 V. And whexeas an A£t was made in the Thirty fecond Year 32 G.3. (lOc.35. 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An Aft for ref airing 4 and preferring the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City cf 4 Dubiia, and for amending an AS faffed in the Twenty ftxlh Tear of 4 His Majejly’s Reign, intituled An Ad for promoting the Trade of 4 Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious : And 4 whereas one other A& was made in the Thirty third Year of 33G-3.(l.)c.54. 4 tbc Reign of His prefent Majesty, for amending the feud &€t:

4 And whereas one other A6f was made in the Fortieth Year of 40 G. 3. (I.) 0.47. 4 the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An AS for amending 4 and rendering more effcRugl Two fever a I ASsy one faffed in the 4 Twenty Jixtb Tear of His prefent Majefly's Reign, intituled An AS 4 for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour 4 more commodious ; and another Act, paffed in the Thirty fecond 1 Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled An AS for repairing and 4 preferring the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin,

4 and for emending an Ady faffed in the Twenty fxth Tear cf His 4 Majt/ly’s Reign y intituled Au AS for promoting the Trade of Dublin,

4 by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious : And whereas 4 it has been found that fome of the Provifipns in the faid recited 4 A6U, relative to the Safes of the Lots and Grounds therein men-4 bioned, are ineffe&ual for the faid Purpofes Be it therefore enafted,

Tliat the faid Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Corporation cm-

Dublin fhall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, powered to fell

under their Common Seal, to convey in Fee Simple the feid North ccrum Gr°uud*'

Lots and South Lots and Grounds in the faid lait fereral recited

A&8 mentioned, or fuch competent or convenient Parts thereof re-

fpe&ively as fhall be fold by the faid Corporation for the Purpofes

•iu fudi A&s, or any of them, mentioned, and to veft the Fee Simple

thereof in the Purchafer or Purchasers thereof; and that on the Sale

or Sales of any of the faid North Lot6, or South Lots and Grounds,

or of any Part or Parts thereof, the Cofts and Expences of dividing

and inclofing fuch Part of fuch Lot or Lots or Grounds, together

with the Expences of all fuch Sales, and of delivering Poflcflion to the

Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, fhall be dedu&ed out of the Produce

of fuch Sale; and that in cafe at the time appointed for any Sale or

Sales



Google

loo 6

C. liii.

AJ3.x8i2.

Application of C'om->enli»tion if amounting to lool.

52-GEO.ni.

Sales of the {aid Lots and Grounds, or any of them, or any ParFor Parts thereof, there (hould not be fuffident Bidders for tbe fame, or that the faid Corporation ihould think proper to adjourn fuch Sale or Sales, that then and in every fuch cate it (hall be lawful for tbe {aid Corporation to adjourn the fame from Day to Day, or for or until fuch time or times as they (hall think fit, and to hold fuch Sale accordingly without being obliged to give any further or other Notice of fuch Adjournment or Adjournments, fave what they or any Three or more Members of the faid Corporation (hall think it oeceflary to give, either verbally at the time ot fuch Adjournment or Adjournments, or otherwise as they (hall think fit; and that all Saks of the faid Lots and Grounds, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, (hall be holden at the Royal Exchange) or at the Commercial BuilSngs, in the City of Dublin ; and that all Notices of Sales of the faid Lots and Grounds, or any of them, or of any Part or Parts thereof, (hall be polled up at the Royal Exchange and in the Commercial Buildings of the faid City, and chat it (hall not be necefiary to poll the fame, or hold any Sales at the Tholfel of the faid City; and that all Notices of Sales of the North Lots, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, (hall be polled up Three Calendar Months previous to fuch Sale or Sales, and inferted Three l imes in the Dublin Gazette One Calendar Month at leall previous to fuch Sale or Sules ; and that all Notice* of Sales of the laid South Lots and Grounds, or any of them, or asy Part or Parts thereof, (hall be polled Twenty one Days previous to fuch Sale or Sales, and inferted Twice in the Dublin Gazette. Fourteen Days at lead before the Days which (hall be therein appointed for fuch Sale or Sales; and that a Receipt or Receipts, or Acknowledgment for the Amount of the Purchafe Money inferted or contained m the Body of any Deed or Deeds of Conveyance from the faid Corporation, to the Purchafer or Purchafers of any Lot or Lots, or any Part thereof, or indorfed on fuch Deed or Deeds, (hall be a fuffident Difcharge or Difcharges to the faid Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, for his, her or their refpedive Purchafe Money 5 and that the Purchafer or Purchafers of any Lot, or of any Part of any Lot or Lots or Grounds, (hall hold the fame free and clear of and from all former Gifts, Grants, Conveyances, Leaks, Mortgages, Judgments and Incumbrances whatfoever.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That if any Money (hall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchafe of any JLandi, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken or ufed, by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Ads or of this Ad, or any of them, for the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any FeofTee in Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Committee or other Truftee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Ideot, Feme Covert or other Cejluique Truft, or any Perfons whofe Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Disability or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Corporatioa for executing the faid recited Ads and this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Monpy ftiall.be applied, under the Diredion and with the Approbation



Google

A.D.i8i2.

c.m.

5a0 GEO. III.

1007

bation of the faid Court, to be fignificd by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments) in Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid affeding the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affe&ing other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (landing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purpofes 5 or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inveftcd, under the like Dire&ion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame manner as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall be fo pur chafed, taken or ufed as afore faid, Hood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exilling, undetermined and capable of taking Effedl ; and in the mean time and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money (hall, by Order of the faid Court upon Application thereto, be inveiled by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Government Securities; and in the mean time and until the faid Government Securities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of fuch Government Securities (hall from time to time be paid, by Order of the (aid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, fo dire&ed to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited A& and this Ad, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any other Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as aforeiaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame (hall* at the Option of tne Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedtive Hands, be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General in the High Court of Chancery iu Ireland, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in manner dire&ed; or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trullees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by the laid Corporation for executing the faid recited Adis and this A&, (fuch Nomination to be fignified under the Hands of the nominating Parties, and fuch Approbation under the Common Seal of the faid Corporation) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore dire&ed, fo far as the cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VIII. Pro-

Application of Coin pen fa tion if lefs than iool., and not exceed-ing zol



Google

lo#8

C.Uii.

A.D.1S12*

Application of Compenfation if left titan 20I

In cafe Title* not made out.

vr if Perfons not found, Pur-chafe Money l>aid into ii*uk«

Where Queftion Hi all arii'e touch* Ing Title to Money to be paid, Perfon in Pofleffion of Land, tcc. at time of Pur-chafe, deemed entitled*

52* geo. ni.

VIIT. Provided always, and be it furthercna&ed, That wherefoch Money fo agreed or awatded to be paid at next before mentioned (haH be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the ferae (hah be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Renta and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes of the laid recited A6U or this Adi, or any of them, in fuch manner as the faid Corporation (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, then fuch Money (hall be paid to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedUrely.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the Pferfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the Par-chafe of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchaled by virtue of the faid recited Adb or this A6I, or aay of thena. fhafi refufe to accept the fame, or (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premiles, to the Satisfaction of the faid Corporation ; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful to and for the faid Corporation to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of Ireland in the Name and with tlfo Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to he placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties intereftea in the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [deferibing firm], fubjeft to the Oder, Cotitroul and Difpofitxn of the Court of Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sam or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, ihaQ be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary way of Proceeding or other-wife as to the feme Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be foid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftributioo thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the re-fpefclfve Eftatcor Lftates, Title or Intereti, of the Perfon or Perfoos making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premises as to the laid Court (hail feem juft and reasonable ; and the Cafhier or Carriers of the Bank of Ireland^ who (hall receive fuch Sa n or Sums of Money, is and are required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecityiog for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to loch Perfon or Perfons as (haH pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

X.	Provided always, and be it forther eaa&ed, That whew any Queftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfnance of this Ad, for the Porchafe of any Lands, Tenement* or Hereditaments, or of any Eft ate, Right or Intereft, in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchafed ii> purfuance of the foid recited A6ts or this Ad, or any of them, or to any Government Securities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dm* dends or Intereft of any fuch Government Securities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhali have been in Pofleffion of fuch Lands, Tenements

or



A.D.i8i2.

iooj

5rGEO.ni.	C.litn

or Hereditaments, at the time of fuch Purchafe, and all Ferfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall he deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands* Tenements or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeffion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid High Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends and Intereft of fuch Government Securities, and alfo the Capital of fuch Government Securities, (hall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly* unlcfs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeffion was a wrongful Poffeffion, and thatfome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Jntereft therein.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That where, by CowtofCfwm-reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or eery may ordci Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, reat<>n*kle Kx-to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited A&s, or this cYrftsto Ad, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid by Truftees. ^ fnto the Court of Chancery, and to be applied to the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the faid recited Ads, or this Ad ; it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from time to time to be made in purfuance of the faid recited Ads, or this Ad, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hail deem reafonable to be paid by the faid Corporation out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the laid rceited Ads, or this Ad, who (hall from time to time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofts as the laid Court (hall direct.

4 XII. And whereas under and by virtue of the faid recited Ads 32 G.c.3^ c pafied in the Thirty fecond, Thirty third and Fortieth Years of 33**-3 (h)c.54. ‘ the Reign of His prefent Majfcfty, the faid Corporation are em- 40 G* $•!)•)&47* c powered, in cafe of Non Payment of certain Rates therein Jtnd 4 thereby chargeable on the faid North and South Lots, upon due * Notice given as by faid Ads direded, to fell and difpofe of fuch 4 Lots whereof the Races fo chargeable (hall be in Arreaf arid unpaid:

4 And whereas Difficulties may ariffc in obtaining PofTcffion of fuch

4 Lots as may be fo fold For remedy whereof, be it further Perfom to cfe*

enacted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons in Poffeffion of any l;*crup Poflef-

JLot or Lots of Ground which (hall be fold by the faid Corporation (En of Premife*

as aforefaid, or of any Part thereof, (hall immediately upon fuch Sale, t0 orP°ratl011*

deliver up the Pofleffion thereof to the Purchafer or Purchaser#

thereof, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be authorised by the

faid Corporation to take Poffeffion thereof 5 and in cafe any Perfon

or Perfons lo in Pofleffion as aforefaid, (ball refufe or decline to give

fuch Poffeffion as aforefaid, then it lhall and may be lawful for the

feid Corporation to iffue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff or

Coroners of the County of Dublin, or to the Sheriffs or Coroners

of the County of the City of Dublin, accordingly as fuch Lot or

Lots of Grounds may refpe&ivcly be (ituate, commanding him or

them to deliver the Poffeffion of fuch Lot or Lots of Ground, or

of fuch Part or Parts of fuch Lot or Lots of Ground, to fuch Perfoii

or Perfoos as (hall be nominated in the faid Precept or Precepts to

receive the fame $ and the faid Sheriff or Sheriffs, Coroner or Coto-

tiers, are hereby required to deliver up fuch Poffeffion accordingly,

and to levy fuch ColL as (hall be incurred by the iffuing and executing

S	.	of



1010

C.liii—liv.

A.D. 1812-

Powers of former Aft extended 10 Aft.

O ft*, See. of Aft bow paid.

Public Aft.

3»G. 3. e.41.

52* GEO. III.

of fuch Precept or Precepts, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perilous fo refilling or declining to give Pof-feflion as aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Provifoes, Aids, Rates, Duties, Funds, Penalties, Claufes and Enaftments, in the faid fevcral recited Afts, contained (fave and except fuch Parts of the fame as ai* vaiied, altered or repealed, by any Aft or Afts, or by this prefent Aft) (hall be as good, valid and effeftual for carrying this Aft into Execution, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this prefent Aft.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Corporation for preferving and improving the Port of Dublin, to pay and difeharge out of their Funds, all fuch Cods and Expences as have been or may be incurred in and about obtaining and palling this Aft; and, in order that the faid Corporation may be re-imburfed all fuch Sums as (hall be fo paid and advanced by them, it (hall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin at any prefenting Terms, to prefent, to be raifed of the faid County of the faid City, and paid to the faid Corporation, all fuch Sums as the faid Corporation (hall have fo paid and advanced, together with legal Intereft for the fame.

XV.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch, by all Judges, Juftices, Juries and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. liv.

An Aft for making further Provifion for the Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, after a certain Length of Service.	{[20th	April	1812.]

4 TT?HEREAS under and by virtue of an Aft palled in the 4 yy thirty feCQnd Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, 4 intituled Jin Ad to empower the. High Court of Chancery to lay out 4 a further Sum of the Suitors Money, upon proper Securities, and for 4 applying the Intereft towards dife barging the Expences of the Office 4 of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Mafters 4 in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Public Oftiee for the Suitors of the 4 faid Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Luna-4 tiesy and for building Repofitories for fecuring the Title Deeds of the 4 Suitors of the faid Courts and [the Records and Proceedings of the 4 Commijhoncrs of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and of the feveral Afts 4 in the laid Aft mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been, by 4 virtue of the feveral Orders of the faid Court made for that Pur-4 pofe, taki n out of the Common and General Ca(h belonging to the

*	Suitors of the faid Court of Chancery, which lay dead and unem-

*	ployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the 4 fLrne of the Accountant General of the faid Court, on Government 4 or Parliamentary Securities, and fuch Government or Parliamentary

*	Securities have been, in purfuance of the faid Aft paffed in the 4 Thirty fecond Year of His prefent Majcfty’s Reign, carried to an

*	Account, intituled An Account of Monies placed out for the Beuefti 4 and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and 4 out of the Dividends and Intereft of the Securities purchafed in pur-

I	*	fuauce



A,i>. i8n.

C.lhr.

1011

S2° GEO. III.

fuance of the faid feveral Ads of Parliament, the feveral annual Sums and Salaries, and the feveral other Payments thereby direded € to be made and paid 5 and alfo the feveral other Payments direded

*	to be made by Two feveral Ads of the Forty fixth Year of the

*	Reign of His prefent Majesty, one of them intiiuled An AS for 46 G. 3. c.iat 4 making Provifion for fuch Majlers in Ordinary of the High Court of

4 Chancery, as from Age or Infirmity fhall be defrous of rejigning their 4 Offices, with the Approbation of the faid Court ; ana for augmenting 4 the Income of the Majlers in Ordinary of the faid Court ; and the other 4 of fuch Ads, intituled An AS to provide additional Salaries for the 46 G. 3. c. 129.

* frefent Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General ofthe High Court 4 of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the faid Office with 4 Salaries ; and to make other Payments in refpeS of the faid Office ; and 4 by an Ad of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent

*	Majefty, intituled An AS for making Provifion for fuch of the Sub 49 G. 3. c. Ixix.

4 Regiflrars or Deputy Regiflrars of the High Court of Chancery, as

4 from Age or Infirmity fhall be affiiSed with permanent Difability, and 4 be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office, and for making 4 further Provifion for the Two Seniors ofthe faid Regiflrars, for the C lerks 4 in the Regifler's Office, for the Mafler of the Report Office, and for 4 providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the faid Court,

4 and for making other Payments and Regulations in refpeS of the faid 4 (fffices; and by an A6t of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His pre-4 lent Majesty, intituled An AS for building certain Offices for the 50 G. 3. e. clxiv 4 Examiners, Curjitors,. Clerk of the Crown, and Clerks of the Petty 4 Bag of the High Court of Chancery ; and for making certain Regu~

4 lations in the Examiner's Office of the faid Court, and for making 4 Provifion for fuch of the Examiners, Deputy Examiners and Clerks,

4 as from length of Service, or from Age and Infirmity, are or fhall 4 be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office, and for making 4 Provifion for other Officers of the faid Court, and for making other

*	Payments in refpeS of the faid Offices, have been from time to time 4 made and paid, and the furplus Intereft and annual Produce arifing 4 from the faid Securities, beyond what was fufficient to anfwer the 4 Purpofes of the faid feveral Ads, and alfo the Intereft produced 4 from all Securities purchafed with fuch furplus Intereft and annual 4 Produce, have been from time to time, in purfuance of the faid 4 firft and laft mentioned Ads, laid out in the Purchafe of Govern-4 ment or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant 4 General of the faid Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account,

4 intituled Account of Securities purchafed with furplus Interefl arifing 4 from Securities, carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the 4 Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chan-

4 eery ; And whereas by the faid laft mentioned Ad it was, among § x.

4 other things, enaded, that out of the Cafh belonging to the Suitors 4 of the faid Court of Chancery, which then lay or which fhould 4 then after lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, a Sum 4 not exceeding T wo hundred thoufand Pounds fhould and might, by 4 virtue of an Order or Orders of the faid Court to be made for that 4 Purpofe, from time to time be placed out in one entire Sum or in 4 Parcels, in the Name of the Accountant General of the faid Court 4 of Chancery, according to the General Rules and Orders of the

*	f<ud Court, on fuch Government or Parliamentary Securities as in « and by foch Orders fhould be direded, to the Intent that the In*

J 52 Geo. III.	3	T	terell



toil

I» «. 4. e.14.

4 G. 3. e. 3».

9 G. 3 e. 19.

C.lir.

52- GEO. tIL

A.D.iSit.

tereft and annual Produce arifing from the Money fo to be placed out, might be applied for the Purpofes thereinafter mentioned, and that all fuch Government or Parliamentary Security or Secaritici when purchafed, fhoiild be carried to the faid Account, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suiters of the High Court of Chancery : And whereas under and by virtue of an Aft puffed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Hil late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An A3 to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out upon proper Security 1^ any Monies not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Comm

and General Cafb in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the faid Court, for the Eafe of the faid Suitors, by applying tie lnterejl arifmg therefrom for arfwrring the Charges of the OJicr of the Accountant General of t he faid Court : And by anothh- Adf paffed in the Fourth Year of His prefent Majesty’s Reign, mtitnkd An A3 to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, up** proper Securities, a further Sum of Money not exceeding a Sn therein limited, out of the Common and General Ca/h in the Bark :f England, belonging to the Suitors of the faid Court, and Jlr afplyls^ the lnterejl arifmg therefrom towards anfwe ring the Charges §f lit Office of the Accountant General of the faid Court : And by another Act paffed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay at upon Government Securities, a further Sum of Money net exceeding i Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General Gajh in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the faid Courts and to *ff+y the lnterejl arifing therefrom towards anfwering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the faid Court e And by the above mentioned A&s of the Thirty fccond and Forty litth Yetn of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, and of feveral Orders of the High Court of Chancery made in purfuance of the faid feveral Adi, the prefent Clerks in the Office of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, have and receive out of th* Infcftft and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the faid Account, intituled Account of Monies placed out fee the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court tj Chancery, and out of the In tereft and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the faid Aecoaat, intituled Account of Securities pur chafed with Surplus Intrrrfi itrrjhg from Securities, carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Be it Jit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Choice ry, the feveral Payments and Sums hereinafter mentioned, nittehfj the Firft Clerk the Yearly Sum of Five hundred Pottnds, tie Second Clerk the Yearly Sum of Four hundred Ponnds, tie Third Clerk the Yearly Sum of Four hundred Pounds, tie* Fourth Clerk the Yearly Sum of Four hundred Pounds, the Fifth Clerk the Yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds, tlk» Sixth Clerk the Yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds, the Seventh Clerk tW Yearly Sum of Three 'hundred Pounds, the Eighth Cletk the Yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds, the Ninth Clerk* the Ycatly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds, the Tenth Clerk the Yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds tnd the Eleventh Clerk the Yearly Spm of One hundred and eighty Pounds; And whereas lince the paffing of the faid llrft roentiSsed

*	*	Ad



>. 1812.

CAW.

GEO. III.

1013

£k the Bufinefi of the faid Accountant General's Office of tfhe >urt of Chancery is greatly increafed and is annually increafing : rid whereas owing to the great Increafe in theneceflary Expences Liring, the Incomes provided by the faid Adis for the Clerks in e faid Office are greatly reduced in Value, and they have not the ?ans of making any Provifion for themfdves in their advanced or for their Families thereout 5 and confidcring the Nature of cir Employment, it is reafonable, that after a long Series of Years rnt in the Service of the'Snitore of the faid Court, fome Proviftod >uld be made for them May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty it may he ena&ed ; and he it enadled by the King's Mod Exit t Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords itual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament nbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may The Lord Chan-*wful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the cellor may order, d Keeper, or the Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the an Annuity to at Seal of Grtat Britain for the time being, by any Order or Jr,c.rk* era of the High Court of Chancery, to be made from time to time ]clerks t Petition prelented to him or them for that Purpofe by the Ac- becoming infirm itant General, or any of the Clerks in his faid Office, to order after Fifteen 1 an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money to be paid to any Years Service rk who (hall have a&ed in the Capacity of Clerk in the faid tee for the Space of Thirty Years, or who having a died in the >acky of Clerk in the (aid Office for the Space of Fifteen Years,

1 be rendered incapable of performing the Duties of a Clerk in faid Office through permanent Illnefa or Infirmity, as the faid rd High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners /hall >k fit and fee Occafion, not exceeding the yearly Salary payable to 1 Clerk at the time of making fuch Application ; the fame to be 1 o»t of the Intereft and Dividends arifing from Securities pur-fed and to be pnrebafed in purfuance of the faid feveral Acts 01* of them ; in which Order or Orders the Caufe or Ground of ting the fame (ball be diftin&ly ftated and fpecified, and the An-ty or yearly Sum mentioned in fuch Order or Orders fhail be paid the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, out of the ereft and Dividends of the faid Government or Parliamentary rarities (but fobjedt and without Prejudice to the Payment of all aries and other Sums of Money which by the feveral Adis herein-ore mentioned or referred to, or any other Adi heretofore made I pafled, are dire&ed or authorized to be paid thereout) by even I equal Quarterly Payments, on the Fifth Day of January, the th Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of ober in every Year, to the Clerk named in fuch Order, from the * therein to be mentioned, for and during the Term of his natural fe, together with a proportionable Part thereof up to the time of Deceafe.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enadfod, That nothing herein Clerks removei rtained (hall extend or be deemed or taken to prevent or hinder any 35 heretofore, sfent or future Clerk in the faid Office from being removed or dif-

cedat any time, in fuch manner and by fuch Authority as Clerks the faid Office can now be removed or difplaced.

III.	And be it further enadted, That iu the Place of any Clerk to Clerks appointed K>m sn7 Annuity or yearly Sum (hall be ordered to be paid in pur- in of**uch laceof this Adi, fome other Perfou of Efficient Ability (hall be “

3T 2	ww.GW#!4

£

1014

C> lif*

A-D.i8ii.

*$te GEO- III.

3* G. 3. c. 42. §3-

,	§4.

I S-

appointed a Clerk in the faid Office, in the manner and by the Authority in and by which the Clerks in the faid Office hare heretofore beea appointed.

4 IV. And whereas by the faid A61* made and palled in the Thirty

*	fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, it was enaded, 4 among ft other things, that, out of the Dividends and Iotereft 0£

*	the Securities to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid Ad, there

*	(hould be paid by virtue of any Order or Orders of the Court of

*	Chancery, to be made for that Purpofe, the Expellees of preparing 4 and paffing the faid Ad, and certain yearly Sums to the Clerks of the 4 faid Accountant General therein mentioned ; and then fuch Sum or 4 Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Thirty thoufand Pound*,

*	as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Keeper,or 4 the Lords Connmiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Gn* 4 Britain for the time being, (hould, by any Order or Orders of the 4 faid Court, diredt to be applied in purchafing Ground for, and c 4 building and completing the Offices and Repofitorics tberanafier 4 directed to be built and completed; and fuch farther Sums of 4 Money, either yearly or in grofs, as (hould be neceflary for keeni^ 4 fuch Offices and Repertories, and alfo the Offices of the Regifenr 4 and the Accountant General in Repair, and for infuring all the foi 4 Offices and Repofitories from Fire; and it was thereby further 4 enafted, that under the Dire&ion of the Lord High Chancellor cc 4 Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commiffiooen (or 4 the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being. 4 by any Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery to be made for 4 that Purpofe, proper and convenient Offices for the (aid Maften ia 4 Ordinary in Chancery and their Clerks, for the Secretaries of Bask-4 rupts and Lunatics and their Clerks, and fafe and fecure Repot-4 tones for the Deeds, Books, Papers and Writings of and beloagi&g 4 to the Suitors of the faid Court, delivered or to be delivered to the 4 faid Mafters in Ordinary in Chancery, and the Records, Proceed-4 ings, Deeds, Books, Papers and Writings delivered or to be defoered 4 to or left in the Cuftody of the faid Secretaries of Bankrupts asd 4 Lunatics refpe&ively, together with a Public Office for the Sman 4 of the {aid Court of Chancery, in the Stead or Place of the then 4 Public Office, (hould be built and made fit for the Reception of tk 4 faid Mafters and Secretaries, and the Tranfaftion of their refpe&i* 4 Bufinefs therein; and that for thofe Purpofes a proper Piece of 4 Ground (hould be purchafed and fuch Houfes or Buildings as might 4 be upon fuch Ground ; and that the Ground and Houfes fo to be 4 purchafed (hould be from time to time conveyed to, and the £br 4 were thereby declared to be veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs md 4 Succeflors, for the Purpofes of the faid Ad ; and it was thereb 4 further enabled, that it (hould and might be lawful to and for tk 4 Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, cr 4 the Lords CommiffiOners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Gnu 4 Britain, for the time being, from time to time, by any Order«

4 the faid High Court of Chancery, to apply fuch Sum or Soou si 4 Money as mould be neceflary in keeping the faid Offices and Re*

4 pofitories fo to be built and completed as aforrfaid, and the Often 4 of the Regiftrar and Accountant General, in good and foftriert 4 Repair, and in infuring the fame Premifes refpe&ively from Damage 4 by Fire: And whereas in purfuance of the faid A61, a Piece of

T 4 Gnxtti

LjOOQlC

..D.i8i2«

C.liv.

*•15

52® GEO. IIL

Ground fituate on the South Side of a Street called Southampton Buildings, in the Parifh of Saint Andrew Holhorn, in the County of Middlesex, hath been purchafed, and Offices for the faid Mailers in Ordinary in Chancery and their Clerks, and for the faid Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics and their Clerks, and Repofitories for the Deeds, Books, Papers and Writings of and belonging to the Suitors of the faid Court, together with a Public Office for the Suitors of the laid Court, have been built and made fit for the Re* ception of the faid Maflers and Secretaries, and the Tranfa&ion of their refpe&ive Bufinefs therein; and the faid Offices and Repofi-tories, and alfo the faid Offices of the Regiftrarand the Accountant General have been kept in Repair out of the Dividends and Intereil of the Securities hereinbefore mentioned : And whereas from the Increale of Bufinefs, it may be neceffary to make fome Additions to, or Alterations in the faid Offices and Repofitories, and to pur-chafe fome Buildings and Pieces of Ground adjoining or near : thereto, in order to render the fame more convenient for the Tranf-a&ion of Bufinefs therein, and more fecure from Damage by Fire ;*

Be it therefore enadted, That it (hall be lawful to and for the faid i^nd, &c. m»y Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the b« purchafed to Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great enlarge Buildings Britain, from time to time, by any Order or Orders of the faid Court of Chancery, to order any Additions or Alterations to be made to or ep°lton,,% in the faid Offices and Repofitories, built in purfuance of the faid recited Ad of the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, and the faid Offices of the Regiftrar and the Accountant General; and alfo to order any Piece or Pieces of Ground adjoining or near to the faid Offices, or any of them, with or without any Buildings thereon, to be purchafed, and the Buildings (if any) on fuch Piece or Pieces of Ground when purchafed, to be pulled down, as he or they (hall think fit or fee Occafion ; and all fuch Piece or Pieces of Ground fo to be purchafed, (hall be conveyed to, and the fame are hereby declared to be veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and SucceiTors, for the Purpofes of the faid recited Act and of this Ad.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful to and for Money laidout the faid Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commif-

fioners of the Great Seal, from time to time, by any Order or Orders £Tve° of the faid Court of Chancery, to apply any Sum or Sums of Money Hundred Pounds not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, in any One Year, * Year, in making any fuch Additions or Alterations as hereinbefore mentioned, or in the Purchafe of any fuch Piece or Pieces of Ground, as hereinbefore mentioned, aud in pulling down the Buildings, if any thereon; and all fuch Sum and Sums of Money (not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, in any one Year) as the faid Lora High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners (hall from time to time order to be applied for the Purpofes aforefaid, or any of them, (hall, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the faid Court, for the Purpofe, be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* (but fubjed and without Prejudice as aforefaid) out of the Dividends and Intereil of the Government or Parliamentary Securities, purchafed and to be purchafed in purfuance of the Ads hereinbefore recited, mentioned or referred to, or any of them.

VI,	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate,. Corporation# t0

3 T 3	aggregate	ku

CjOOQIC

101$	C.lir. 52* GEO. HI.	A.D.i8n

or foie, and for all Executors or Adminillrator*, Hif-bands, Guardians, Committees a«d other Truftee# wbatfoever, for and on Behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and Suoceflort, and alfo for Tenants for Life of EfUtes in Settlement, if of Age, other than Femes Covert, and for the Guardians for fuch Tenants for Life a may be Infants, and the Hufbands of fuch Tenants for Life as may be Femes Covert, for and on behalf of themfelves, and all Infants, I flue unborn, Lunatics, Ideots, Femes Covert, or under any other Dif-sbility, and alfo for Perfons who are or (hall be feifed or poflefled of, or interefled in any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenemeots, Herwl> taments, Eafements or Privileges which may be thought peeper ted convenient to be purebafed for the Purpofes and in purfuance of this Aft, to treat, contraft and agree for the Sale of all and every fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Eafeoeit* and Privileges for the Purpofes aforefaid, and to grant, feM and cobwv the fame for the Purpofes aforefaid 5 and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales and Conveyances which (hall be fo made, ffcall be nhd to all Intents and Purpofes > any Law, Statute, Ufage, Settlenect, Will, Cuftom or other Matter or Thing wbatfoever to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftauding ; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, Truftees. Executors. Adminiflrators, Hufbands, Guardians, Committees and all other Perfons whomfoever, are and (hah be hereby indemnified for via! they (hall do by virtue or in purfuance of this Aft.

/pplieition of VII. And be k further enafted, That if any Money (hall be agreed Compenlation to be paid for any Lauds, Tenements or Hereditaments purebafed. Money amount- taken or ufed by virtue of the Powers of this Aft, for the Parpofet i ag to aool. thereof, which (hall belong to any Body Politic, Corporation, Guardians, Committees, Truftees, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or other incapacitated Perfon or Perfons, fuch Money (hall, if the fir* amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convfia?« Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and wick the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chaocwy, according to the General Rules and Orders of the faid Court, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied under the Direction ltd with the Approbation of the fairl Court, to be fignified by an Orir made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fummary way by the Peris or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and PnoSu of the faid Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in tlie Purckafeor Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of arr Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, a*tb? faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands, Teecraecu ar Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or like Vk% Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (hall not be £0 appfei then the fame mall be laid out and inveiled, under the like Dwethoz and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Mei fuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall be convey* *nd fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, latest and Puraofes, and m the fame manner as the Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchafed, taken or ufed as aforefaid, ftood fettled or hatiud or fuch of them as at the time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall beexifting, undetermined and capable of taking ESca: and in the mean time, and until fuch Purahafe (hail be made, the fa: *	Moe^

LiOOQle

^~D.z8i3*

52° GEO. III.

C.lfrv

1017

.Money (hall, by Order of the faid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be in veiled by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean time and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities Jhall, from time to time, be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo hereby direftcd to be purchafed in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any Application of

Money fo agreed to be paid for any Lands. Tenements or Here-	lcl*

jditaments purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any JDifability or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of

Two hundred Pounds, and (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch cafes, the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing, under his or their re-fpective Hands, bp paid into the Bank in the Name and with the .Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore diddled; or otherwife the fame (hall be paid at the like Option, to Two or more Trultees, to be nominated by the JPerfon or Perfons making fuch Option, (fuch Nomination to be fig-nified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any m inner hereinbefore direfted, fo far as the cafe fhall be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direftion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch Application of Money fo agreed to be paid as next before mentioned, (hall be lefs Compenfation if than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes, the fame s 1 111 ao (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who wpuld for

the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchased, taken or ufed, for the Purpofes of this Aft, in fuch manner as they (hall think fit ; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to bis, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe aud Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fe entitled refpeftively,

X.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any where any Queftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money Queltion null to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the arife touching .Privity of the faid Accountant General in purfuar.ee of this Aft, for

the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any f°ns iuPoflef^* Eftate, Right or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fion tutitlcd. to be purchafed in purfuanceof this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to bye purchafed with any fuqh Money, or the Dividends or Interell of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall nave been in Poffeflion of any fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments*

3T4	*

CjOO^IC

loiS

CAW.

A.D.i8i2.

Court of Chancery may order Expences of Purchases to be paid.

Expences of Atl provided Lr.

Surplus Inter eft placed out on Securities.

$% G.3.C 4s.

Application.

Securities may be chanted.

52° GEO. III.

at the time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Per-fon or Perfon*, or under the Pofleffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, dull be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofieffion, until the contrary /hall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chan- 4 eery; and the Dividends and Imereft of the Bank Annuitie* to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities (hall be paid, applied and* difpofed of accordingly, unlrfs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffefiiou was a wrongful Pofleffion, and that fome other Perfon was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That where, by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Per/ons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the Authority of this A6fc, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the faid Court, aod to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Act, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from time to time to be made in purfuance of this A&, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem rea-fonable, together with the neceflary Cods and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid out of the Intereft and Dividends of the Cud Government or Parliamentary Securities purchafed and to be por-chafed as aforefaid, in the fame manner as the Expences of building the faid Offices and Repofitories are hereby directed to be paid

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That out of the Intereft and Dividends of the faid Government or Parliamentary Securities par-chafed and to be purchafed as aforefaid, the Expences incurred is procuring and pamng this A&, and the Cofts, Charges and Expencei of all Proceedings nad or to be had in confequence thereof, (hall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpofe.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Surplus Intereft ami annual Produce which (hall arife from the Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities purfuant to the feveral A6ts of Parliament therein and hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what (hall be fufficicnt to anfwer the Purpofes of the faid A6ts and the Purpofes of this A&, (hall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and (hall be placed to the Credit of the faid Account raifed in purfuance of the laid A6t of the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefect Majeftv, and intituled Account of Securities purchafed with Surplus Interejl arifing from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery ; and which Fund (hall be applied to anfwer the Demands o^ the faid Suitors of the faid Court of Chancery in cale it (hall at any time be neceflary to call in any of the Money of the (aid Suitors which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commimoners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great

Brit St1



A.D.i8i2

C. liv—lviii.

5 2° GEO. m.

1019

Britain for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the faid Couit of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities, or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchafed purfuant to the feveral Ads of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or purfuant to this Ad.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded and declared, Provif? for That for and notwith(landing any of the Provifions contained in this calling inMonej. Ad, if at any time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money

placed out purfuant to the faid feveral Ads of Parliament or any of them, or to be placed out in purfuance of this Ad, (hall be wanted to anfwer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, then and in fucb cafe the faid Court may and (hall dired the whole or any part of fuch Money to be called in, and the Securities in which the fame and the Surplus Intereft and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned (hall be placed, to be fold and difpofed of, in order that the Suitors of the faid Court may at all times be paid their refpedive Demands out of the Common and General Cafh belonging to fuch Suitors.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing A& not to prein this Ad contained (hall prejudice, delay, hinder or prevent, any Y*™ Keform in Reform or Abolition of all or any of the Offices herein mentioned, CfcS,&c* by any Perfon or Perfons having Authority to reform or abolifh the

fame.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed Public Ad. and taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice

of as fuch by all Judges, Juflices and others,^ without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. lv.

An Ad for enlarging the Terms and Powers of feveral Ads for 300.2^.57. making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Renfrew, 310.3.c. 68. building	a	Bridge or	Bridges at Inchtnnan,	and	regulating	the	3* G- 3- c.	iai.

Statute Labour of the	faid County, and for	other	Purposes	re-	43	3* c

lative thereto. (*)	[20th	April 1812.]

[New Rates of Pontage at Inchtnnan Bridge. Tolls of 43 G. 3. to continued as to ceafe,	new Tolls granted.]	Roads under

6	J	this Ad.

Cap. lvi.

An Ad for repairing the Roads from Warminjlery and from Fromey 17 G.3.C.99. to the Bath Road 5 and from Woolverton to the Trowbridge Road, 39 & 40G. 3. in the Counties of Wilts and Somerfet. (a)	[20th	April 1812.] c. lxix.repealed.

[.Additional Tolls from November to February.]

Cap. lvii.

An Ad for improving the Public Roads in and through the City of Coventry. (b)	[20th April 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. Iviii.

An Ad to continue and amend Two Ads of His prefent Majesty, for 12 G. 3. c. 95. repairing the Road from Berjlreet Gates > in the City of Norwich, 30G. 3.C.87. to New Buckcnham, in the County of Norfolk. (a)

[20th April t$ia.]

Cap•



Google

io^o

A.D.iSu.

jj o.j.c 137. leptaled.

10 G. 3. c. 94. 31 G. 3.C. 98.

10 G 3 c. 63. 3X G. 3. c. 116.

46 G. j.c.calv.

C. lioc—lxvi,u	J2° GEO.	III.

Cap. lix.

An Aft for amending tbe Roads from Oldham, in the County of Lancafler, to Ripponden, in the County of	;	and	from Ben-

to Brownb'dl\ and from Grains to Delphi ail within W-dlcwortb, iu the faid County of 7~ori. (tf )	[20th April 1812	]

Cap. Ix.’

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A<fts of His per-fent Majesty, for amending the Road from Wellfboum Moust fort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, (s)

£2Qth jipril 1812 J

Cap. Ixi.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of Hi* prefent Majeliy, tor repairing the Road from Upton in Ratley to Great Kington and IVellcJbourne I Liftings, in the County of IV 1r-5wick. (a)	^20th April IS 12*3

[.Additional Trujlees. Fortner Toils repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday. j

Cap. lxii.

An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft ofHisprefrnt Majesty. for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Readings and to Hettley Bridge in the County of Berks, fo far as relates to the Second Diilrift of the faid Roads.	[20th April 1812.3

[Additional Tolls. Double Tolls on Sunday. For Remainder cfTcrm under former Ad.']

Cap. lxiii.

An Aft for indofing Lauds in the Parifhes oT Ovingbani9 Bjwdl Saint Peter and Bywell Saint Andrew, iu the County of Nor/bes-Iceland, (q. P.)	[20th April 1612.3

Cap. Ixiv.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parilhe* of Dijfertb and Llanelwetb* in the County ot Radnor. (q. P.)	^2uth	April 1S12.3

Cap. lxv.

An A ft for inclofing Lands in Tbornthwaite, in the Parifh of Qrojihwaite, and County of Cumberland, (q. P.)

[20th April 1812.3

Cap. lxvi.

An Aft for inclofing Lands within the Manor and Parifh of Great Sbijford otherwiie Weft Sbejford, in the County of Berks. (q P.)

[20th April 1812.3

Cap. lxvii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Crayford, in the County ai Kent. (q. P.)	[20th	April	i3i2.3

Cap•



Google

A.D.i8i2«

C.Uviii—lxxr*

xo;i

GEO.HL

CapAxriu.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhe* of Rockland Saw* Andrew*

Rockland All Saints and Rockland Saint Peter* in th? County of Norfolk. (q. P.)	[20th	April	1812.]

Cap, lxix.

An Aft for making a Navigable Canal From the Rivers Ant and Bure, at or near Way ford Bridge, near Dilbam, to the Town* of North Waljham and Anlingham, in the County of Norfolk.

[5th May 1812.]

[The Company of Proprietors of The North Walfham and Dilham Canal Navigation incorporated.3

Cap. lxx.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the 47 G. 3. Sefl*. 2. River Medway, near Brandbridges in the Parifh of Ea/f Peckbam c’ in the County of Kent, to extend to and unite with the Royal Military Canal in the Parifh of Appledore in the faid County ; and alfo certain Navigable Branches and Railway* from the faid intended Canal.	[$th	May	1812.]

[The Company of Proprietors of The Weald of Kent Canal incorporated."]

Cap. lxxi.

An Aft for building a Chapel in the City of Chichefler, in the County of Sujfex.	[5til May 1812.J

Cap. Ixxii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majeily, for amending certain Mileivays leading to Oxford, and making Improvements in the Univerfity and City of Oxford, the Suburbs thereof, and adjoining Parifh of Saint Clement, and for other Purpofes.	[5th May	1812.]

11 G 3. c 19. 21 G. 3. c. 47.

Cap. lxxiii.

An Aft for more effeftually paving, cleanfing, lighting and watching 3* G. 3. c. 64. the Highways, Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borougn 3& G. 3. c. 45, of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing r*P*aled. Encroachments, Nuifances and Annoyances therein.

£5tli May 1812.]

Cap. Ixxiv.

An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His 1* G. 3.0.69. prefent Majesty, for paving, repairing, cleaufmg, lighting, water- 3* G. 3.0.1b'. ing and watching fuch Part of the Parifh of Saint Paneras, in the County of Middlefex, as lies on the Well Side of Tottenham Court Road.	[5th	May	1812.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Aft for amending and rendering more efFcftual feveral Afts for 5&6W.&M. better afiefUng and collefting the Poor and other Rates of the Parifh c*	-

of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlefex; and for JxG.*3*&a£ more effeftually paviug, widening and improving the Streets and g. 3. other Place* within and adjoining to the faid Parifh.	23 G. 3. c. 32.

[5th May 1812.] cc. 86.35*

Cap.



Google

C. lxxvi—lxxviii.

A.D.18U.

3 o. J.c.ss. iQ part repealed.

See 15 C. 3. c. 16.

49 C. 3. c. ax.

New Commif-fienerj.

£2* GEO. Ill*

Cap. lxxvi.

An Aft for lighting and watching the Streets and other Places without the Walls, but within the Liberties, of Ncnoca/He upon Tyne.

[5 th May 1812]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Aft for better fupplying with Coal the Town of Newcafile under Lyme, in the County of Stafford.	£jth May 1812.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefeat Majesty, for the better Government of the Watermen working on the Paffage between Gofport, Portfmouth and Portfea, and other Places witnin Portfmouth Harbour, and to and from Sfithead, Saint Helen.s, and other Parts within the IJle of Wight, in toe County of Southampton, and to and from certain Places in the faid I Hand, and for regulating the Fares of fuch Watermen. [5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS an Aft was palled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefcnt Majesty, intituled An A3 for the better € Government of the Watermen working on the Paffage between Gofport, * Portfmouth and Portfea and other Places, within Portfmouth * Harbour, and to and from Spithcad, Saint Helens, and other Parts 4 within the Ille of Wight, in the County of Southampton, and to and 4 from certain Places in the faid IJland, and for regulating the Farts 4 of fuch Watermen : And whereas the faid Aft has been found in-• encftual for anfwering the good Purpofes thereby intended, and it * is expedient that the fame (hould be altered and amended May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty, That it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, that the Port Admiral of Portfmouth for the time being, the Lieutenant Governor of Portfmouth for the time being, the junior Port Admiral for the time being, the Commandant of the Royal Engineers for the time being, the Colleftor and Comptroller of the Cuf-toms at Portfmouth for tne time being, the Agent Viftualler at Portf mouth for the time being, the Refident Agent for Tranfports at Portf mouth for the time being, Herbert Allen, Elias Bruce Amaud Efquire, Elias Amaud, Thomas Atkinfon, John Atkins, William Bur ridge, John Burridge, Nathaniel Baker, William Beaxley, John Baker, Admiral Sir Roger Curtis Baronet, James Carter, Charles Carter Efquire, the Reverend James Collins, William Deacon Efquire, George Dunn, Robert Forbes the Younger, George Garrett, Jofcph Gibjom, Archibald Heartley, John Haljlead Efquire, Andrew Hewfon, Henry Hicks, Thomas Hojhins the Younger, William Johnfan, Robert Darken Efquire, John Lindegren, Thomas Mottley, John Turner Merritt, Mofes Miall9 James Matthews, Robert Mends Efquire, George M'Kinley Efquire, Luke Nichols, George Par meter, Thomas Paul, James PaulJofcph Pcurfons, Nathaniel Port lock Efquire, John Rood, John King, George Sauce, William Spencer, John Sutton Sbvgar, Jonathan Sbute, William Titchcr Efquire, Thomas Waller M. D., Henry White, James White, Daniel Woodriffe Efquire, Thomas Smith William and David William Weddall, being qualified in the manner direfted

16	by

-A.I3.i8i2.

C.lxxviiu

1023

5I0 GEO. IIL

l>y the faid Ad, (hall be added to and joined with the Commillionera appointed for putting the faid A6t into Execution, and (hall have the like Powers and Authorities as if they had been named and appointed in aand by the faid Ad.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Firft Day 49 G- 3-c.cxe. of yfugujl One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, fo much of the $ xo* P"1 faid Ad as direds the faid Commillioners to make and fettle Two rcPet e®‘ dillind Tables of Rates and Fares payable in fair Weather, and in foul Weather, and to provide Flags to be hoifted in order to determine the time when fuch Rates and Fares may be refpedively demanded, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

lit. And be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and Commiflioneri for the Commillioners for putting the faid Ad in Execution, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in purfuance of the cs 0 faid Ad, to make and fettle fuch and fo many Tables of Rates and Fares, to be taken by the faid Watermen from and after the faid Firft Day of Augujl for the Carriage and Conveyance of any Perfon or Peifons, Horfes, and other Cattle and Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as to the faid Commillioners, or any Seven or more of them, (hall appear to be neceffary; and, in order to determine the time when fuch Rates and Fares may be refpedively demanded, the faid Com-mi(Doners (hall provide fuch and fo many Flags to be hoifted at fome convenient Place or Places at Gofport, Portfmouth or Portfea% by fuch Perfon or Perfons, and in fuch manner and Form as the (aid Com-miffioners, or any Seven or more of them, (hall, at any Meeting to be holden in purfuance of the faid Ad, from time to time, order and appoint; and which faid Perfon or Perfons (hall be paid fuch Sum «r Sums of Money as the faid Commillioners, or any Seven or more of them, (hall, from time to time dired, and fo long as any Flag or Flags fo to be provided as aforefaid (hall remain hoifted, the extra dr Foul-weather Fares to be denoted thereby (hall be refpedively payable, and at all other times except as hereinafter mentioned, the Fares to be denominated the Fine-weather Fares (hall be payable : Provided Provift. always, that if the faid Flag or Flags (hall be hoifted or hauled down while the faid Waterman or Watermen, or any or either of them, is or are in the Ad of carrying any Perfon or Perfons to or from any Place or Places as aforefaid, the faid Watermen (hall be paid the Rate or Rates, Fare or Fares, which was or were payable at the time fuch Perfon or Perfons firft left the Shore or Place in the Boat of fuch Waterman or Watermen.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That One of the faid Flags, to be Phgsfor foul and provided by the faid Commillioners, (hall denote dangerous Weather, falr Wetthcr* and, during fuch time as the faid Flag for denoting dangerous Weather (hall be hoifted, no fuch Waterman (hall be compelled or compellable to carry or convey any Perfon or Perfons, Hones, or other Cattle,

Goods, Wares or Merchandize, to or from any Place or Places within the Limits of the (aid Ad, or of this Ad; nor (hall any fuch Waterman be fubjed or liable to any Fine or Penalty whatfoever for refilling to carry or convey any fuch Perfon or Perfons, Horfes, Cattle,

Goods, Wares or Merchandize, during the time fuch Flag (hall be hoifted, nor for taking or receiving any fuch Sum or Sums of Money as he may contrad or agree with any Perfon or Perfons to receive for Carriage or Conveyance, in cafe any fuch Waterman (hall think proper to work during the time fuch Flag (hall be hoifted.

V.	And



Google



3* c.cxc. § i z. how far repealed*

Night F*rep.

49 G. 3. c. cxCt § *J-

Waterrtien not obliged to have Afliftant in fine Weather.

Afliftant* to be liccnfed Watermen.

Perfons appointed to examine Watermen, &c*

*«h.

Watermen to have ierved Three Years at Sea, Or been all Apprentice.

C.texviSi	52° GEO. IIL	JLD.iSi*

V. And, for the better Regulation of the Night Fares to be £&■ by the faid Watermen, be it further ena&ed, That, from rad liter the faid Firft Day of Au$ufl, fo much of the faid A£t as azrtfconan the faid Watermen to demand double the Rate of Fare fixed bylfae Table of Rates between certain Hours, (had be and n hereby repealed ; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Waterses to demand and receive fuch an increased Rate of Fare for warkk-g m the Night, as the faid Commiffioncrs, or any Seven or orore of thas, /hall from time to time authorize and dired.

* VI. Ami whereas by the faid A 61 it is enacted, Tint whenever € any licenced Waterman fhall be hired to go to any Place, Ship or

*	Veffel, without the faid Harbour of Portfmoutb, every fuch Water-c man fhall, on fuch Occafion, have, at kaft. One Affiftaut : And

*	whereas fuch Regulation hath been found inconvenient,* Be it therefore further enacted, that, from and after the pafing of this Ad, the faid Watermen jhall not be required to take an AfE&aat, nor be fubjed or liable to the Penalty by the faid Ad impofed for not having an Afliftant at any time when the Rates or Fares to be appointed for fine Weather fhall be payable.

VII. And be it further enaded, That no Perfon or Perfons employed by any licenced Waterman ftiall be deemed and confidered a Affiftant within the Intent and Meaning of the (aid Ad, tudeCi feeb Perfon /hall be licenced as x Waterman in porfuance of the faid Adi or this Adi.

VI n. And be it further enaded, That it /hall be lawful for the faid Commifltoners, or any Seven or more of them, if they (ball think fitf to nominate and appoint any Nomber of Perfons not exceeding Three, of known and approved nautical Skill, to examine the fema Watermeti who fhaH apply for Licences under the (aid Adi, and to report their Opinion to the faid Cummiffioners as to the Qnalifkatioos Skill and Ability of fuch Watermen; and aHo to make out, for the Approbation of the faid Commiffioners, fuch feveral Tables of Rates and Fares as are by this Ad direded to be made, and to recommend to the faid Commiffioners fuch Flags and Signals as are dire&cd by this Ad to be hoifted, and to infped the Boats and Tackle to be ufrd by the faid Watermen ; and that the faid Commiffioners, or any Seven Or more of them, (hall and may alknv and pay to the faid feveral Perfons, fo to be appointed by them, fcch Yearly Salary as to the feid Commifiioners, or any Seven or more of them, fhall feecn proper, sot exceeding the Yearly Sum of Thirty Pounds to each fuch Perfon \ and that no fuch Pericn Or Perfons fhall be capable of acting in the Execution of the feveral Duties hereby appointed, until he or they ffiall have taken an Oath to execute, perform and difcharge the (aid feveral Duties faithfully and impartially, witliout Favor or ASe&oa, which Oath the faid Commiffioners, or any One or more of then, is and are hereby empowered and required to admioifler.

IX. And be it further enabled. That no Perfon fhall hereafter be entitled to a Licence under the faid Ad from the faid Cnmmiffiooers vnlefs fuch Perfon fhall have ferved at Sea for the Space of Three Years, or for the like Period fhall have worked in the faid Harbour of Portfmouth, previous to the pafimg of this Ad, or fhall have fcrwd an Apprenticed ip of Three Years to a Waterman licenced by virtue «f this Ad.

* X. A*



Google

A.D.iSnu

£.lxxvlu.

52°GEO. III.

« X. And whereas Doubts have arifen whether, under the faid re-

*	cited Aft, the Commiflioners for carrying the fame into Execution

•	have Power to refufe to renew any Licence or Licences, which

*	may have been granted to any Waterman or Watermen in pur* 9 fuance of the faid Aft Be it therefore enafted, That the faid Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, at every Meeting to be held on the Firft Turf day in the Month of November, in each Year, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments of fuch Annual Meeting, fhall have full Power and Authority, at their Difcretion, to refufe to renew any fuch Licence or Licences, in like manner as they are by the faid recited Aft authorized and empowered to refufe any original Licence or Licences to any Perfon or Perfons applying for the fame.

XL And be it further enafted, That the Clerk to the faid Com-miffioners fhall, and he i9 hereby required to make out and deliver to the Town Clerk of the faid Borough of Portfmouth for the tim£ being, a true Copy of the Lift, direfted by the faid recited Aft, td be made of the Perfons who fhall have obtained any original or renewed Licence from the faid Cotnmiflioners, with the Number, Namd and Place of Abode of every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo licenced, within Fourteen Days after every fuch Lift fhall have been annually made out, in pnrfuance of the laid Aft | and that all Perfons may hare Accefs to fuch Copy of the faid Lift in the Office of the faid Town Clerk, and be at Liberty to infpeft the fame at any time between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three in the Afternoon, on Payment of the Sum of One Shilling, if the Perfon defiring fuch Infpeftioii be not a licenced Waterman, and without any Fee or Reward if he be.

1 XII. And whereas it is expedient to exempt certain Watermen

•	and other Perfons from the Provifions of the faid Aft and this 4 Aft Be it therefore enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Waterman or other Perfon or Perfons refiding at Brading, Ryde, Cowesi or any other Place in the IJle of Wight between Saint Helens and Cowes, to work oh the PafTage to and from the faid JJh of Wight, in any Boat or Boats kept at the faid Ifiand, without any Licence from the faid Commiflioners, and without being in any re-fpeft liable to the Regulations or Reftriftions of the faid Aft or this Aft ; provided always, that if any fuch Waterman or other Perfon or Perfons fhall ply for Hire at Gofport, Portfmouth or Portfea, or at Uny Place within Portf mouth Harbourf or fhall carry, or engage td carry, any Perfon or Perfons for* Hire or Reward, from thence to Spithetsd, Saint Helens, the Motkerbanl, Stoies Bay, or any other Part within the IJlt of Wight, or to any Ship or VefTcl lying thereat, ett to any Place between Saint Helms and Coives (other than and except the Perfon or Perfons by and for whom fuch Waterman or other Perfon or Perfon3 (hall previoufly on the fame Day have been hired or engaged at tire faid I Hand) fuch Waterman or other Perfon or Perfons fo plying for Hire, or carrying, or engaging to carry, any Perfon or Perfons, Horfes or Cattle, or any Good9, Wares or Merchandize for Hire, to any of the faid Places, fhall be fiibjeft to the Penalty by the faid Aft and this Aft impofed for working for Hrro within the Limits of the faid Aft, without a Licence from the faid Cdmmiffioaer*.

XIII. And

1025

Commiflioners may refufe to gram Licences.

Lift of licenced v Pcrfonsdelivered to Town Clerk of Portlmouth.

Certain Watermen exempted from A6t.

Provifo,

(^.ooQle

C.lxxviii.

A.D. i8u

Number of pjf. fengers in Wherries limited

49 G. 3 c. cxc.

I *8.

49 G. 3. c.cxc.

5 37. A$ to Application of Penalty repealed.

Application

thereof

Hawfers not to be placed acroi's PalTage.

\

Penalty.

520 GEO. m.

XIII. And, for the greater Safety of Pafiengers, be it farther eo-efted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, it (hall cot be lawful for any Waterman working on the faid Paffage to take, receive into or carry in any Wherry or Boat any more than Six Per-fona at one and the fame time, when fuch Flag as (ball denote the higheft Rate of Fare to be payable, fhall be or remain boifled, or more than Eight at one and the fame time, when fuch Flag fhall not be hoifted ; and in cafe any fuch Waterman fhall take or receive into or carry in any Wherry or Boat any greater Number of Period* thsa are refpeftively allowed to be carried as aforefaid, every fuch Water-man fhall be iubjeft and liable to the Penalty in the faid Aft or this A61 impofed, for carrying a greater Number of Perilous than therein mentioned.

4 XIV. And whereas by the faid recited Aft it is ena&ed, That 4 if any Mailer, or other Perfon, having the Command of any Ship, 4 VelTel, Lighter, Barge, Boat of Burthen, or other Boat, (hall pfece 4 or permit, or fuffer any fuch Ship, VelTel, Lighter, Barge, Boat 4 of Burthen, or other Bk>at, to lie over or upou the Hard or Land-4 ing Place on the Gofport Side of the faid Harbour of Portfmouthy 4 every fuch Mailer or other Perfon fhould for every fuch Offence 4 forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, 4 paid and applied in manner thereinafter mentioned ;* be it enafted, Tnat fo much of the faid recited Aft as relates to the Application of the Penalty thereby impofed (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XV. And be it farther enafted, That, from and after tbe paling of this Aft, all and every Penalty and Penalties which (hall or may be paid and recovered for any Offence againff the faid recited Qairie of the laid Aft, (hall be paid and applied in and towards the maintaining and repairing of the faid Hard or Landing Place at Gojport afore-faid.

4 XVI. And whereas very ferious Danger is frequently erpe-4 rienced in eroding the faid Harbour of Portjmouthy by reafon of 4 Hawfers and Ropes extending for a confiderable Diftancc from 4 Ships and Veffels lying in the faid Harbour, to the Shore 00 cither 4 Side of the faid Harbour, or from one Ship or Veffel to another,

4 and alfo by fuch Ships and Veffels lying in fuch a Situation as to 4 obtlruft the faid Paffage to and from Portfmouthy Portfea, and 4 Gofporty and great Inconvenience is occafioned by Veffels lying 00 4 the Beach at Portfmouthy whereby Boats are hindered from landing 4 their Paffengers there ;* Be it tnerefore enafted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, every Mailer or other Perfon having the Command of any Ship or Veffel lying in the faid Harbour, who (hall permit or fuffer any Ship or Veffel to be moored or faffened by, or (hall place or lay out, or permit or fuffer to be placed or laid out, any Hawfer or Rope from fuch Ship or Veffel to the Shore, on either Side of the faid Harbour, or from fuch Ship or Veffel to any other Ship or Veffel, or (hall lay fuch Ship or Veffel in fuch a Situation in the faid Harbour as to obftruft the Paffage to and from Portjmouiby Portfta or Gofporty or (hall lay any fuch Ship or Veffel for more than One Tide on the faid Beach at Portfmouthy (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Som not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered by Information before any Juflice 01 the Peace aftu^ia

aad



Google

520 geo. nr.

C.lxxviii.

1027

and for the Borough of Portfmouth, with Power of Appeal by any

Pcrfon who may think himielt aggrieved by the Adjudication of any fuch Juftice to the Mayor and Juftices affembled at the next Quarter Seflionsof the faid Borough, on giving Ten Days Notice of his Intention to appeal, fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, (hall be applied in fuch manner as by the faid Adi, or this Adi, is diredted ; provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend to any Ship or Veffel belonging to His Maiefty or in His Majesty’s Service ; any thing in this Adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That all Fines and Penalties by the faid Adi impofed, for Offences committed againft the fame, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed 5 and that, from and after the pafling of this Adi, all Offenders, on whom any Fiues or Penalties are impofed by the faid Adi, (hall for every Offence committed againft the fame forfeit and pay, at the Difcrction of the Juftice or Juilices of the Peace before whom fuch Offender (hall be brought, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, except for working upon the faid Paf-fage, or between any of the Places mentioned in the faid Adi, without having obtained a Licence from the faid Commiflioners, for which laft mentioned Offence every Offender (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds 5 and all and every the faid Fines and Penalties by this Adi impofed, (hall be levied and recovered in the fame manner as the Fines and Penalties by the faid Adi impofed are thereby di-redied to be levied and recovered.

XVIII.	And, for the due Encouragement of the Watermen working on the faid Paffage, be it further enadled, That it (hall and may be lawful to and tor the faid Commiflioners, by and out of the Monies arifing under the faid Adi, or this Adi, to form and eftablilh a Fund for the Purpofe of relieving any decayed Watermen working, or who (hall have been accudomed to work on the faid Palfage, or of relieving the Widows or Children of any deceafed Waterman who (hall have been accuftomed to work on the faid Paffage, under fuch Regulations a$ the faid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting under the faid Adi (hall order and diredl.

XIX.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall be lawful for the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners to retain the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence for his own Trouble, out of every Sum paid for any Licence to be granted under the faid Adi, whether the fame be an original or a renewed Licence.

* XX. And whereas it is by the faid Adi enadled, That the faid

*	Commiflioners may make fuch Allowance to their Clerk and Trea-

*	furer for the time being, as to them (hould feem reafonable, not ex-

*	ceeding the Sum of Twenty five Pounds a Year : And whereas the 4 faid Allowance has been found cjuite inadequateBe it therefore enadled, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflionerf;, or any Seven or more of them, to make fuch additional Allowance to their Clerk and Treafurer as they (hall think a fair and adequate Re-compence for his Trouble, not exceeding Fifty Pounds a Year.

XXI. And be it further enadled, That the faid Commiflioners (hall at any Public Meeting to be held purfuant to the faid Adi, in cafe a Majority of fuch Commiflioners attending fuch Meeting (hall fo think proper, nominate and appoint an additional Clerk to the One already appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, in purfuance of the Provilions of the -faid recited Adi; provided always, that fuch ad-£2Geo.IIL	3U	ditionaj

King’s Ships.

Former Penalties repealed.

New Penalty.

Cofcimiflloners may eftdblifh Fund for Relief of decayed Watermen.

Payment t# Clerk.

49 Q. 3. c.c §7-

Additional Allowance to Clerk for Licences.

An additional Clctk appointed.



Google

1028

C.lXXVIM.

AJ). 181V

Mtetinfi held alternately at Oof port and Fortfmouth.

Junfi&ftion of JuAiccs.

49 G. j. c. cxc.

I 3«- 3** in part rtpealed.

AppttL

Notiae.

Recofoitaoce.

$2? GEO.UL

ditional Qcrk fhaU not bo entitled to any of the Fees or Salary of the Clerk already appointed or who (hall or may be appointed in par* fuance of the faid A6t, but fuch additional Clerk (hall have fnch Annual Salary as the Majority of the faid Commiffioners (hall, at fach Meeting, fettle and determine j provided alfo, that Fourteen Days Notice (hall be given in the manner prescribed by the laid A&, of the Intention to ele3 fuch additional Clerk.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Meetings under the faid Aft (ball be held alternately at the Borough of Gojport and Borough of Portfmoutb, and that all Notices and other Matters and Things directed by the faid A A, to be affixed on certain Places in the faid Aft fpecified, (hall and may be affixed on fuch Places or on fuch other Places as the faid Commifuoners, or any Seven or more of them, (hall from time to time at any Meeting under the (aid Aft, order or direft.

XXIII.	And, in order to determine the Jurifdiftioo upon the Water of the Justices of the Peace for the faid County of Southampton and thofe for the faid Borough of Portfmoutb, be it further enacted. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, the (aid refpeftive Juf-tices (hall and may have and exercife a concurrent Jurifdi&ion over all Offences committed upon the Water, within the Limits aforefoid, againft the faid Aft or this A &; and the Parties aggrieved may in fuch cafe make Complaint thereof to the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, or thofe for the faid Borough, as they (hall think proper.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid Ad as relates to the Power given to the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Southampton and the Borough of Portfmoutb refpeffivdyr to determine Offences againft the faid Aft upon the Water, 'tmd to Appeals againft any thing done in purfuance thereof, by the (aid* Juftices, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfona (hall think himfelf, herfelf or themfelvcs aggrieved by any thing done in purfuance of the faid Aft or this Aft, fuch Perfon or Pcrfons (hall ana may, as to any thing done by any Juftice of the Peace for the County of Southampton, appeal to the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, and as to any thing done by any Juftice of the Peace for the faid Borough of Portfmoutb, to the Juftices of the Peace for the faid Borough, at the then next General or General Quarter Seffioos of the Peace, which (hall be holden in and for the faid County or Borough refpeftively, after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Caufe of fuch Appeal, fuch Appellant firft giving, or caufing to be given, Ten Days Notice at leaft, in Writing, of nis, her or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Caufe thereof, to the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners, and within Two Days next after fudt Notice given, entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances, before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid County or Borough, as the cafe may require, with Two fufficient Sureties, in the Penalty of Thirty rounds, conditioned to try fuch Appeal at fuch Seffions, and abide the Order of, and to pay fuch Cofts as (hall be awarded by the faid Juftices upon the Hearing .of the faid Appeal; and the laid Juftices, upon due Proof of fuch Notice being given as afbrefaid, and of the entering into fuch Recognizance, (hall, at the (aid Seffions, to which the faia Appeal (hall be, made, or if they Audi foe fit to adjourn

the



A.D.i8u.

C. lxxviii—lxxxi.

1029

520 GEO. in.

the fame, to the Seffiont then next following at fartbeft, hear and finally determine the Caufes and Matters of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and award fuch Cofts for the Appellant or Appellants, or Re-fpondent or Refpondents, as they the laid Juftioes refpeftively (hall think proper ; and the Determination of fuch Juftices (hall be final, Final, binding and conclufive to all Parties concerned or interefted therein.

XX V I. And be it further enaded, That all the Coils, Charges and ^fences rf Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and paffing of the faid former Ad, and of this Ad, (hall be borne and paid out of the Money arifing from the Sums paid for Licences by the faid Watermen, under the faid Ad, and from the Fines thereby impofed.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be con- Ad conftme* ftrued, adjudged, deemed and taken as Part of the faid recited Ad, as **art °f

as much and in the fame manner, to all Intents and Purpofes what- fonner AA* foever, as if the feveral Claufes, Powers and Authorities herein contained had been enaded and inferted in the Body of the faid recited Ad ; and all Claufes, Provifions, Authorities, Penalties, Matters and Things in the faid recited Ad contained, for the Purpofes and due Execution thereof, are hereby declared to be extended to, and (hall and may operate, and be allowed, performed, exercifed and put in Force (in all cafes where the fame are not hereby altered or repealed) for the due Execution of this Ad, as fully and effedually, to au Intents and Purpofes, as cotlld or might have been, in cafe fuch Claufes, Provifions, Authorities, Penalties, Matters and Things in the faid recited Ad, had been particularly repeated and re-enaded in this prefent Ad.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed PuWIc Ad. and taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of

as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. lxxix.

An Ad for amending Two Ads paffed in the Fifty firfl: Year of 51 G.3.c.cxcviii. Hfe prefent Majesty, for more effedually repairing and maintaining	c-c*ctii.

certain Roads and Bridges in the County ot Perth ; and for regulating and converting the Statute Services in the faid County, and more effedually making and regulating the Highways, Bridges and Ferries within the fame.	[5th	May	1812.]

[The Term of the Am ndmentt to the Firjl recited A3 is for 20 Tear/,

&fr.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Ad for taking down and rebuilding certain Parts of the Bridge over the River A*oon* at or near Stratford ape* Avon, in the County of Wanvtcl* and for widening the fame Bridge, and improving the Approaches thereto.	[5	th May 1812/J

Cap. lxxxi.

An Ad for repairing the Road from Chatham to Canterbury* in the j O.a. c. is*

County of Kent. \b).	[5th	May	j8|2.]	*7	O	*•	c.	4.

10 o. 3. c. 69.

3U2	Gap.



Google

A.D. iSu.

to3#	C.lxxxii—lxxxviii.	52° GEO, III*

Cap. lxxxii*

An A A for repairing and widening the Road from Rugby Bridge, in the County of Warwick, to the Town of H'uukley, in the County of Leiccflcr. (a)	[5th	May	1812.3

[Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. lxxxiii.

|i$, j. e.ui. An Ad for continuing the Term and amending the Power* of aa Ad made in the Thirty firft Year of Hi* prefent Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Swindon to the Centre of ChrijUan malfora Bridge, and from Caine to Lynebam Green, and from the Diredion Pod in Long Leaxe Lane, near Lydiard Marjh, to Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts* (r).	[5th	May	1812.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

jo 5.j.«. 113. An Ad for repairing the Roads from Butterton Moor End to the 31 G. 3. <- i»7* Turnpike Road from Buxton to AJhbome ; from BlaSon Moor to the fame Turnpike Road near Newhaven; and from Warjlow to Efton Mine, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby, (a)

[5thMay 1812.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to ceaje, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.^

Cap. lxxxv.

|o G. 3. «. no An Ad For enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Denbigh to the Northop and Holywell Road, and from Afon Wen to Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint ; and for extending the Poweis of the faid Ad to an adjoining Branch of Road, (r) [5th May 1812.3 [Additional Trujlees. Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap* Ixxxri.

9 6. 3.C.S1. An Ad to continue and amend Two Ads of the Ninth and Thirty 31 0. i-c-firft Years of His prefent Maje&y, for repairing the Road from Darly Moor, in the County of Derby, to Ellafiom, m the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and AJbborne, in the faid Counties of Derby and Stafford'* (r)

[5th May iSiz.2

Cap. Ixxxvii.

O.	3 *• i*6. An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of aa Ad made in the Tnirty firft Year of His prefent Majeily, for repairing the Roads leading from Haverfordwejlto the City of Saint Davids, and from the faid City to Caerfai, in the County of Pembroke, (r)	[5th	May	i8is*3

£ Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted* Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

q * c. 66. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His ao G* 3* c. ii#*	prefent Majeily, for repairing feveml Roads to and from TusJhdL

*	in the County of Stafford, (b)	fyth May 1812. J

[Additional Trujlees.]

Cap,



52® GEO. III. *

C.lxxxix—xcvi.

1031

Cap. Ixxxix.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Afts of His 33 G. 2. c.51. late and prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Tembi/l to 18 G. 3.C.86. Newport, in the County of Salop, (b)	[5th	May 1812.]

4i^a3JU.K.)

[Additional Truflees. Double Tolls on Sunday on Newport Divijion.] as to Newport

.Diftridt of

Cap. xc.	Second Divilion*

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts, of the 10 G. j.c, 92-Tenth and Thirty firft Years of His prefent Majesty, for repairing 31 0.3.0.132. the Road from Worhfup to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Debda/e Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Mujk-ham, in the County of Nottingham, and the Road branching out of the faid Road at or near Kneefal and leading to the Great North Road at or near Carlton upon Trent, all in the fame County, (c)	[5th	May 1812*]

£Additional Trujlees.]

Cap. xci.

An Aft for more effcftually repairing and maintaining certain Roads $1 G.j.cicxcviii. in the Counties of Perth and Forfar. (b)	[5th May	1812.]

Cap. xcii.

An Aft for repairing the Road from Storrington to Balls Hut, in Walberton, in the County of Sujfcx. (a)	[5th	May	1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday, ]

Cap. xciii.

An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and tolarging the 30O. J.c.9!.

* Powers of an Aft pafled in the Thirtieth Year of His prefent

. Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Ronvde Forde to Red Hill, in the County of Wilts.	[5th	May	1812.]

£Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. AQ continued for 21 Tears» life, from Term under former A3 as to Road in the Title. ]

Cap. xciv.

An Aft to enable Truftees, with the Confent therein mentioned,., to grant Building Leafes of a certain Field or Clofe, in the Parifb of Saint Mary, iflington, in the County of Middlefex, Part of the fettled Eftates late of the Reverend Richard Sutton Tates, Doftor in Divinity, deceafed, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned. (q. P.)	[5th	May	1812.]

Cap. xcv.

An Aft to enable the Guardian of Henry Courtney, a Minor, t° make Leafes of certain Parts of faid Minor’s Eftates, in and near the City of Dublin. (q. P )	[5th	May	1812.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Aft for cftabliftmig and confirming an Exchange of a Meffuage and Lands in the Parifh of Alfreton, in the County of Derby,

3	3	pur-

CjOO^Ic

ioj%	C.xcri—cr.	52#GEO. IIL	AJ).i8(l

purchafed with the Sum of One hundred Pounds bequeathed by the Will of George Stateman for charitable Purpofes, for a Mcflhage and Lands ot Jofepb Outram Gentleman, m the Parifh tf Matlock, in the fame County, (q. P.) [yth May 1812.3

Cap. xcvii.

49	6-V	An	A&	to enlarge the Powers of an A A paffed in the Forty ninth

e. 8$. PR.	Year	of the Reign of His prefent Maiefty, intituled An AS to

enable the Re&or of the Partjb and Parijb Church of Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the County of Kent, for the time being, to grant Budding Leafes of the Glebe Lands belonging to the faid Rettery, and to fell the prefent ReSory Houft and Garden, and to build a new ReSory Hoofs, (q. P.)	[5th	May	1812.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Aft for in doling Lands in the Manor of Cajlertou, in the Par3h of Kirkby Lon [dale, in the County of Weimorland. (q. P.)

[5th May 1812.3

Cap. xcix.

Art A& fbr iftdofing Lands in the Pariihes of Burgh Cafilt and Httringjleet in the County of Suffolk.	[5th	May	18is«3

Cap. c.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in Grindleton, Bradford, Wad&ngtoa and BafbaU, in the Parifh of Mitton, in the County of Tork. (q. P.)

[5th May 1812.3

Cap. tu

An A St for ^icloGng Lands within the Townfhips of Sealthwaitr* tigg, Hay and Hutton 9ith Hay, in the Parifh of Kirkby, in Kendal, in the County of Wefmorland. (q. P.)	{jth	May	l8l2*3

Cap. cii.

An A& fbr inclofing Lands in Tonge, in the Parifh of Bokom in the Moore, and County of Lancafler. (q. P.) [5th May 1812.3

Cap. ciii.

Art Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Alfretom, in the County of Derby, (q. P.)	[5th	May	jSii.J

Cap. civ.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Blymhifl in the County of Stafford, (q. P.)	[5th	May	1812.3

Cap. cr.

An Aft for improving the Port and Harbour of Bofhn» in the County of Lincoln ; and for fixing the Wharfage of Goods landed within the faid Port and Harbour; and for better maintaining the Buoys, Beacons, and Seamfcrks, belonging thereto

Cap.

^.ooQle

A.D.i8n.

$*» GEO. m.

Ct

CVI—CXM.

4933

C/x/. cvi.

An Aft for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the. Hay 51G. ^.c.ocxii. Railway to amend, vary and extend the Line of the faid Railway, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Aft paffed in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, for making and maintaining the faid Railway.	[20th May 1812.3

Cap. cvii.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Railway from the End of the Llanvihangel Railway, in the Parifti of Llanvihangel Cru-corney, in the County of Monmouth% to or near to the Twelfth Mile Stone, in the Road leading from the Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth^ to the City of Hereford.

[20th May 1812.3 [The Grofmont Railway Company incorporated.]

Cap. cviii.

An Aft for rendering more effeftual an Aft of His prefent Majesty, * G. 3.C. 32. for draining Lands lying on both Sides the River Witham9 in the G*3**• County of Lincoln, and reftoring the Navigation of the faid River; and for repealing * another Aft of His prefent Majesty, in relation to the laid Drainage and Navigation.	[20th	May	1812.3

XTbe Company of Proprietors of the Witham Navigation incorporated. ]

Cap. cix.

An Aft for repairing the Parifti Church of Saint Sidwellf in the City and County of the City of Eneter.	[20th	May	i8i2.j

Cap. cx.

An Aft for repairing the Parifti Church of Bijbop Stortford, in the County of Hertford.	[20th	May	1812.]

Cap. cxi.

An Aft for paving the Footpaths and for lighting and watching that Part of the Kent Street Road which leads from Kent Street End unto the Bridge next immediately below the Green Man Turnpike, (ituated within the Parifti of Saint George the Martyr Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and certain Public Streets, Sauarcs, Lanes, Pafiages and Places communicating therewith, relpeftively fituated within the faid Parifti, or within the Pariihes of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfey, and Saint Mary Newington, adjoining thereto ; and for removing and preventing Encroachments and Annoyances therein.	[20th	May 1812.3

Cap. cxii.

An A ft for lighting and watching the Road leading from Newington Butts to the Nag’s Head, on the Wandfworth Road, and feveral other Road9 and Places communicating therewith, fituate in the Pariihes of Saint Mary Lambeth, Clapham and Batterfea, in the County of Surrey•	[20th	May	1812.3

^ U digitized by GOOgk	^



C.cxiii, cxiv.

5 20.GEO. HL

AD.ittz.

ftV3 .c.3«. ^0.3-(UK.) c **?*•

%9 k *0 °- i-I'rfvti- §54.

4*

4 3*

W’

Cap. cxiii, .

c. S3.	An Ad for better pavtog,(lighting, watching, cleaning and others^

improving the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warunci ; and for regulating the Police and Markets of the (aid Town,

[[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Ad for allowing further Time for the Completion of the Docks, Entrances and other Works and Buildings, belonging to the London Dock Company.	f 20th May	i8n.]

HE REAS the time limited for the Completion of the Dock?* Bafons, Entrances and other Works and Buildings of the London Dock Company, under an Ad pafied in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, intituled An A3 for making Wd Docks, Bafonsy Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodative, and Security of Shippingy Commerce and Rrvenue> within the Pert cf London ; and other Ads paired to amend and extend the Powtti of the faid Ad 5 and which Period was extended by an Ad, paled in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, in-G. 3*e* *ViiU • tituled An Ad to alter and amend an Ad pajfed in the Fortieth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, for making Wet Docks, Bafmst Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security »f the Shipping, Commerce and Revenue 9 within the Port of London, and for extending the Powers and Prcvifions of the faid Ad, will expire on the Twentieth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve : And whereas the greater Part of the Docks, Bafooe, Entrances, Wharfs and other Works and Buildings authorized to be ereded, made and built, by the faid London Dock Company, haTe been long completed, and in Ufe 5 but the whole of the Entrances, Works and Buildings, authorized to be eroded and made, cannot be completed within the faid Period, and it is therefore neceffarv that fuch Period fhould be extended, to enable the faid Company to complete the fame, for the Ufe of. the PublicMay it therefore pleafe Your Majesty that it may be enaded : and be it enaded by tr? King’s Moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cor/fcnt of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prt: t Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Thst the Period limited by the faid laft recited Ad of the Forty fifth Year seth June 1814 aforefaid, for the Completion of the Docks, Bafons, Entrances, Cuts, Quays and Wharfs, and other Works and Buildings, authorized to be made, ereded and built by the faid London Dock Company, under the faid Ads, fhall be and the fame is hereby extended to the Twentieth Day of June One thoufnnd eight hundred and fourteen: And that all Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things, in relation to the making, ereding, building and completing all fuch Docks, Bafons, Entrances, Works and other Buildings, contained in any Ad made and now in force, relating to the Completion thereof, fhall be and remain and continue in full Force and Effed, for the Purpofes of the feveral Ads relating to the Docks, Bafons, Entrances, Works and Buildings of the laid London Dock Company, and the Completion thereof, during fuch

further



45 G. 3. c. lviil § 3. continued and extended to

urther Period as aforefaid ; as fully in all refpefts and to all Intents nd Purpofes as if fuch extended Period had been given by the faid ecited Aft of the Forty fifth Year aforefaid ; and as if fuch Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claims, blatters and Things,* had been fpecially and particularly re-enafted in and made part of this Aft.

IT. And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed and Public Aft* taken to be a Public Ait, and fhall be jqdicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. cxv.

An A61 for repairing the Road from Off!)am to Ditchelling, in the County of Suffex. (a)	[20th	May	1812.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or near Banner Crofsf in the Weft Riding of the County of York, through the Townfhip of Dore, to or near to Fox Houfe, in the County of Derby ; and alfo a Branch from Dore aforefaid, to or near to Onvler Bridge, in the faid County of Derby. (a)	[20th	May	1812.]

£Double Tolls on Sunday.']

Cap. cxvii.	*

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His 9 G- 3*c* prefent Majesty, for repairing Roads in the Counties of Flint and 11 G*3-C*6f* Denbigh, fo far as the fame relate to the Flinty Holywell and Mojlyn f Diftrifts of Road, (c)	[20th	May	1812.]

[Additional Truftees. Double Tolls on Sunday,] • f [See as to the Saint Afaph and Conway DiftriSs, ante, e. xxyiii.J

Cap. cxviii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His 10 0.3.0.88. prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to Aldermafion Great Bridge, in the Counter of Berks. (c)	Qaoth	May	1812.J

Cap. cxix.

An Aft for more effeftually repairing the Roads from Bury Saiqt 10 G. 3. e. 9$. Edmunds to Newmarket, ana from Brandon to Bury Saint Ed- 12 O. j.c.84. munds, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, (a)

[20th May 1812.]

[.Additional Trtiftecs.]

Cap. cxx.

An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Aft pafied in 5iO,3-c. cfcv the lull Seflion of Parliament, for making a Public Carriage Road from Kentijh Town to Upper Holloway, in the County of Middle-fcx. (b)	[20th	May	4812.3

Cap.



!•}(

ft

C. e«i—exxvii.	510 GEO. IIL	AD.i8u.

Cap. cxxi.

An A & for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road fromTii/-*av// to Blackwell, and thence to SowgA Lane; and alfo from Edenfor to djhford\ all iu the County of Derby. fa)

j^zoth May 1S12.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday,']

Cap. cxxii.

An Adi for making and maintaining a Road from the Eaft End of r Clofe called Lord's Cloje, in the Parilh of Brougham, in the County of Wejlmorland, into the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and for building a Bridge in the Line of the faid Road over the River Eamont% which divides the faid Counties of Wejlmorland and Cumberland, (b)	f aoth May 1812.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Adi for confirming and rendering valid and effe&ual an Exchange made between Thomas Fowler Gentleman, -and Mary his Wife, both deceafed, and the Vicar of fVeribcrton, in the County of Sujfexy of Lands and Hereditaments of the faid Thomas Fowlert in the Parifh of Walbert on, for a fmall Part of the Glebe belong* ing to the faid Parifh. (q. P.)	[20th May i$ia.]

Cap. cxxiv*

An Adi for veiling Part of the fettled Eftates of Sir Mark MnjUr-man Sykes Baronet, in Truftees, to be fold, fubjedl to the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery; and for applying Part of the Purchafe Monies for the Purpofet therein mentioned, and for laving out the Reiidue of fuch Purchafe Monies, under the lib Direoion, in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the former Ufes. (q. P.)	[20th May 1812.]

Cap. exxv.

An Adi for indoftng Lands in fuch Part of the Parifh of Eglwysfad as lies in the County of Denbigh, and in the feveral Parifhes of Llanfaintffraid Gian Conway and Llanelian in Rhbs, in the fame County, (q. P.)	[20th	May i8u.]

M Allotment to His Majesty. j 25. 45. 49, 50.

Cap, exxvi.

An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Married in the County of Tork, (q. P.)	[20th	May 1812.J

Cap. exxvii.

An A€t for inclofing Lands in Saint Mary Extra and South Stone-ham, in the County of Southampton, (q. P.)	[20th	May

« Allotments and Competitions for Tithes, f 24. 33,34*

C+



Al*D«i8i2«	5V	GEO.	IIL	C*cxxroil—cxxxrii.

Cap. cxxviii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Afpatrla, and in the feveral Parifhes o? Afpatria. Brumfield and Allhallows» in the County of Cumberland. (q, P.)	[20th Afay 1812.]

** Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes. $18. 22—25.

Cap. cxxix.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Attleburrh, in tlfc County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxxx.

. An Aft for inclofing Lands in Thurlfione, in the Parifh of Pcnif-tone, and County of Tork. (q P.)	[20th JJfay 1812.J

“ Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § 15. 28, 29, See.

Cap. cxxxi.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Afihal, in the County of Oxford, (q. P.)	[20th May 1812.3

Allotment and Compenfation for Tithe#. $ 23, &C.

Cap. cxxxii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Belton, in the County of Leicefier. ( q. r.)	[10th May 1812. j

** Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes, f 19. 21—25.

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of lichen Abbas, in the County of Southampton. (q. P.)	[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of WarthUl, in the County of Tork. (q. P.)	[20th May 1812.]

" Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes. § 20 •

Cap. cxxxv.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Great Bentley9 in the County of Effcx. (q. P.)	[20th May i8l2*j

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Aft for inclofing the Foreft of Delamere, in the County of Chefier.	[9th June	1812.3

“ Tithe free. § 42.

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Aft for enabling the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Dundat to fell certain Feu and Teind Duties and Cafualties of the Earldom of Orkney, and Lordfhip of Zetland, upon entailing Lands equivalent in Value thereto. (q.P.)	[9th	June	1812.]

*93*



Cap.

s

103S	C.cxxxviii—Cxlir.	5 a* GEO, III.;

A-D.iS/2.

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Ad for maintaining the Road leading from the City of Cork to the Town of Tralee, in the County of Kerry. (*)

[9th June 1812.3

Cap. cxxxix.

ti <3.3. c. jy. An Ad for more effcdually repairing the Road from the Old Furnace na t° Newbridge and Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of Glamorgan, ^fciAy/Tydvfl an<*	Merthyr	Tydvil	to the Bridge over the River

Divifion.	which	divides	the	Counties	of Glamorgan and Brecon. (a)

[9th June 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

23 G 3-e-Sa

34	G. 3 c. 24.

35	G- 3-

cc. 8. 43. 85.

36	G. 3. c. 25, c.clxix.

Cap. cxl*

An Ad to explain, amend and enlarge the Powers of certain Ads patted for making and maintaining The Grand JunBion Canal.

[9th June iSx2.]

38 G.3.c.xxxiii. 4X G.3. (U.K ) c.lxxi. 43 G. 3. c.viii. 45G. 3. c.lxviiL 51 G. y.

Cap. cxli.

An Ad for making and maintaining a navigable Canal with Aqoe-duds, Feeders and Refer voirs, from the Stort Navigation at or near BtJhopys Stortford, in the County of Hertford, to join the River Cam, near Clayhitbe Sluice, in the County of Cambridge, with a navigable Branch or Cut from the faid Canal at Sawfion to Whaddon, in the County of Cambridge. [9th June 1811.]

[The Company of Proprietors of the London and Cambridge Jum&um Canalincorporated. ]

Cap. cxlii.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Railway from Penrhynmamr, in the Parifh of Llanjibanrcl Efceifog, to Redwhdrf, in the Parifh of Llanbedrgoch, in the County of Anglefey; and alfo a Dock in the Parifh of Llanbedrgoch atorefaid.	.	[9th	June	1811.3

[The Anglefey Railway Company incorporated.]

Cap. cxlin.

An Ad for draining, inclofing and improving the Land* called Borough Fen Common, and tne Four Hundred Acre Common, in the County of Northampton ; and for forming the fame into a Parifh, to be called Ncwborough ; and for building and endowing a Church for fuch Parifh.	[9th	June	1812.3

il	Allotment and Compenfation to His Majesty and others in cafe

** Tithes eftablifhed. § 24, &c.

Cap. cxliv.

An Ad for forming into Towhfhips certain Extraparochial Lands in Wildmore Fen, and in the IVcJl and Ea/l Fens, in the County of Lincoln.	[9th	June	1812.J

Cef.



5a0 GEO. III.

C.cxlv—c«.

*03$

Cap. cxlv.

An Aft for embanking The Hundred Feet Wajhes, in the Great *9 G.a. c at. Level of the Fens called Bedford Level.	[9th June 1812.]

Cap. cxlvi..

An Aft for enabling The Highgate Archway Company to raife a 5° G. 3* further Sum of Money, to complete their Works.	c*lxxxv,1,#

[9th June 1812.3

[70,oool.]

Cap. cxlvii.

An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His 49 G.3.f« extti* prefent Majesty, for erefting a Bridge acrofs the River Thames, near Vauxhally and making Roads thereto, in the Counties of Mid-dlefex and Surrey.	[9th June 1812.]

Cap. cxlviii.

An Aft for eftablilhing a Ferry over the River Thames from Green-wicbt in the County of Kentf to the IJle of Dogst in the County of Middlefexy and for making and maintaining Roads to communicate therewith.	[9th June 1812.]

[The Poplar and Greenwich Ferry Company incorporated. Double Tolls on Sunday 9 except on Carriages or Horfes drawing the fame. ]

Cap. cxlix.

An Aft for widening and improving the Street or Road leading from Tower Hill to the Street called Upper Eajl Smithfield, in the Parilh of.Saint Botolph without Aldgate> in the County of Mid-dlefex. (b)	[9th June 1812.]

Cap. cl.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of King 11 G. 1. c. 13. George the Firft, Two Afts of King George the Second, and an ao G. 2. c. 31. Aft of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Glou- 33 G. 2* c* 34* seller towards Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in * c* the County of Gloucefter. (a)	[9th June 1812.]

[New Truftees. Former Tolls repealedf new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cli.

An Aft for continuing the Term, and for altering and amending 30. 3.C. 34. feveral Afta palled in the Third, Twenty fourth and Forty third 24 G. 3. Selll Years of His prefent Majesty, for repairing, amending and keep- c. 33. ing in Repair, feveral Roads within the County of Carmarthen, (a) 43 O. 3. c. xx*.

[9th June 1812.]

[Additional Truftees* Former Tolls to eeafe, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.

Cap. clii.

^n Aft fbr making a new Branch of Road’from the Town of 3SO.3. c. 156. Carmarthen to Loughert in the County of Glamorgan t and another 4* G.3. (U. K.)

6	Branch	c*v*

51 G. 3. c. rii. •xtcnded to KumU under (hie A&

45 G.3.

11 G. 3. c.84. 32 G. 34 c. 150.

Branch of Road from the Great Mountain to Llandilo9 in the fame Count/.	[9th	June	1812.]

Term of 51 G. 3.3

Cap. cliii.

An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts palled in the Parliament of Ireland m the Thirtieth and Thirty wood Years of His prefent Majesty, and of an Aft palled in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majesty, for repairing feveral Roads in the Counties of Carlow, Kilkenny and Tipperary ; and alfo for more effeftually repairing and maintaining tne Road leading from the Town of Clonmel9 through the County of Waterford* to the Crofs Roads of Knocklofty9 in the County of Tipperary. (4)

[9th June 1812.]

4< Irijb Afts 30 G. 3. c.44. and 32 G. 5. c. 39. repealed as to Road “ between Kilkenny and Bounds of Counties of Kilkenny and Tip* •* perarj$ and new Tolls granted. Tolls of Afts 30 and 32 G.3. u repealed as to the other Roads, and new Tolls granted.”

Cap. cliv.

An Aft for making a Public Carriage Road from the prefent Turnpike Road, near the South End of Highbury Place9 f/Iington, to Haberdajhers Walk, in the Parifh of Saint Leonard, Shoreditchf in the County of Middlefex. (b)	[9th	June	1812.]

[Night Tolls from 29th Sep. to 23th March.2 Cap. civ.

An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts of the Eleventh and Thirty fecond Years of His prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market Houfe in the Town of Great Faringdon9 in the County of Berks, to Bur-ford, in the County of Oxford* (4)	[9th	June	1812.]

[Additional Trufees. ]

Cap. clvi.

An Aft to veft the Coins and Medals given by the Will of Robert Aujlen Efquire, deceafed, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, (q. P.)	[9th	June	1812.]

Cap. civil.

An Aft for incorporating the Governors of the Free Grammar School of the Borough of Wigan9 in the County Palatioe of Lear cafiert and for enlarging the Trufts and Powers of the laid Governors, for the Benefit of the faid School, (q. P.) [9th June 1812.3

[The Governors of the Free Grammar School of the Borough •/‘Wigan, in the County Palatine of Eancafter incorporated.2

Cap. clviii.

An Aft to enable the Vicar, for the time being, of the Viearagr of Kiddertmnfer9 in the County of WorceJler9 to grant Bunding 10	Leafes



A.D.i8i2.	5a0 GEO. III.	C.clvlu—<lxril%

Leafes of certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the faid Vicarage, and to fell the prefen t Vicarage Houfe, Garden and Out Offices occupied therewith, and certain Part of the Glebe Land, and to purchafe Land and build thereon a new Vicarage Houfe. (q. P.)

[9th June i8l2.2

Cap. clix.

An Ad for dividing, allotting and inclofing Lands in the Tything or Hamlet of IVtJl Compton% in the Parifh of Compton, in the County of Berks. (q.P.)	[91b	June	i8l2.j

Cap. clx.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Wyfingfet otherwife WhiJJonfctty Stanfield and Horningtofty in the County of Norfolk» (q. r.)	[9th	June	1812	3

Cap. dxi.

An A A for inclofing and exonerating from T ythes Lands in the Parifh of Braughingy in the County of Hertford. (q. P.)

[9th June 1812.3

Cap. clxii.

An Ad for inclofing **nd exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Upton, in the County of Huntingdon, (q. P.)

[9th June 1812.J

Cap. clxiii.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Holbeacb and Wbaplode, in the County of Lincoln. (q. P.)	[9th	June	18x2.]

Cap. clxiv.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in Biddenbamf in the County of Bed-ford. (q.P.)	[9th	June	1812.]

1	Cap. clxv.

An Ad to amend an Ad of His prefent Majesty, for inclofing Lands 5* G. in the feveral Parifhes of Llanarthney, Llanon, Llandebye and Llanvibangel Aberbytbicky in the County of Carmarthen. (q. P.)

[9th June 1812.]

Cap. clxvi.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Windlcfhamy in the County of Surrey. (q. P.)	[9th June	1812.]

•c Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes, § 20. No Leafe of AI-

u lotment to Redor of Windlejbam without Confent of the King as

u Patron of the Redory, f 45.

Cap. clxvii.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in Stagfden, in the County of Bedford.

(q. P.)	[9th	June	1812.]

Cap. clxviii.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Staffordy and for felling Part of the faid Lands, and applying the Produce thereof in Aid of the Poors’ Rates of the faid ranfh. (q.P.)	[9th	June	1812.]

Cap.



I C .5*



Cap. clxix.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in Llangefni, Llanddjfnany Pentraeth and Ccrrigceinwtn, in the County of Anglefey. (q. P.)

f9th June 1S12.3

•* Allotment to the King as Lord of the Manor. § 27.

Cap. clxx.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in Darrington, in the County of Fork. (q.P.)	[9th June	1812.]

Allotment to the King, f 19. Allotment and Compenfatkm for

44 Tithes, f 23, &c.

Cap. clxxi.

An Ad for difaforefting the Foreft of Parkhurjl, in the County of Southampton, and for inclofing the Open Commonable Lands within the faid Foreft.	[20th Jane	1812.]

Cap. clxxii.

45 • $• c. ixi. An Ad for altering and amending an Ad of the Forty fifth Year of repealed	His	Majefty, for regulating the Police of the City of Edin-

burgh, and the adjoining Diftrids; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	[20th June 1812.j

[For 10 Fears,

Cap. clxxiii.

An Ad for the Improvement of the Harbour of Kidwelly, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, or Tram Roads, in Kidwelly and Llanelly, and other Parifhes therein mentioned, in the County of Carmarthen.	[20th June	1812.3

[ The Kidwelly and Llanelly Canal and Tram Road Company rucor*

porated. ]

Cap. clxxiv.

*3 0.3. c. 73. An Ad for amending and rendering more effedual an Aft of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majesty, for em-34 • % c- sos- banking and draining certain Salt Marfhes in the Parifhes of Spalding, Moultonf IVhaplode, Holbech and Gedney, in the County of Lincoln ; and alfo for repealing fo much of an Aft of the Thirty fourth Year of Hia prefent Majesty as affefta the Marfhes and Sands on the Out fide of the Sea Bank, lately made by virtue of the firfl mentioned Aft.	[20th	June	1812	]

Cap. clxxv.

4*> G. 3. cxcviL An Aft to alter and amend Two Afts of His prefent Majesty, for 49 O.3. c. k*. enabling the feveral Perfons therein named to difpofe of certain Houfes in and near Skinner .Street, in the City of London, and Pickett Street, Temple Bar, IVefvninJltr, by Lottery.

[20th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxvi.

An Aft for exchanging a Fee Simple Eftate belonging to George Brooke Efquire, for Eftates under Settlement, deviled by the Will of the late Revfefend John Brooke Clerk, in the Counties of Sakp, Stafford, Warwick and Montgomery. (q.J?.) •' £aoth June 1812.]

Cap.

52* GEO, IEL	Cclxxvii—cbautti

Cap. clxxvii.

An Aft for effeftuating an Exchange between Thomas William Colt Efquire, and the Trufteea of his fettled Eftates. (a. P.)

[20th Juns x$i2.J

Cap. clxxviii.

An Aft for veiling certain Eftates of John Graham Efquire, and John Smith Graham Gentleman* in Charles Courts in the Pariih of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of MiddleJex9 in Trufteea, to be fold; and for applying the Purchafe Money in Difcharge of a Mortgage affefting the fame* and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the former Ufes. (q.P.)	[20th	Juns 1812.^

Cap. clxxix.

An Aft for veiling Part of the Eftates devifed by the Will of Elizabeth Jackfon, in Truftees, for Sale, and for applying the Purchafe Money in manner therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[20th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxx.

An Aft for effefting the Sale of unfettled Freehold Eftates, be* longing to Thomas Whitmore Wylde Bromine, an Infant, in Fee Simple, and for inverting the Purchafe Monies in other Real £ftates, to be conveyed to the Iufant in Fee Simple, (q. P )

[20th June 1812.]]

Cap. clxxxi.

An Aft for indoling Lands in the Pariih of Wey otberwife Weyhill% within the Manor of Ramridge9 in the County of Southampton, and in the Hamlet or Townlhip of Applejhami in the faid County, (q. P.)	[20th	June	1812.]

Cap. clxxxii.

An Aft for erefting a Court Houfe, County Houfe, or Scftiont Houfe, for the Ufe of the City and County of Londonderry

[27th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Aft for increafmg the Fund for watching, lightiog, clean ling, watering and repairing Blaclfriars Bridge.	[27 th June 1812.J

Cap. clxxxir.

An Aft for effefting the Sale of Part of the fettled Eftates of the Honourable Charles Cecil Cope Jenkinfon ; and for laying out the Money to arife by fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Eftates, and for fettling the fame to the former Ufes. (q P )

[27th June 1812.]

Cap. cl xxxv.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of King George the Second, and an Aft of His prefent Majesty, for the 52 Geo. 111.	3	X	jnorc

*3 0.,

at 0 ,.

J044

■C. clxxxv—cxci.

A.D.iSn

*7 C. J. e. 45-49 U.3 c. cx'ii 59 i;- 5-c.i . rrp^a'ed *s *0 the Pi«*r and H-rbcur.

4(1 v c. vsxiiiL

$2° GEO. III.

more efleftual repairing and maintaining of the Piers and Harbour of Whitby in the County of York.	[ift	July	1812.]

[/or Thirty one Years* &c ]

Cap. clxxxvi.

An Aft for feparating the Management of the Harbour of Margate* in the County of Kent, from the Paving and Lighting ot the Town of Margate* and for veiling the future Management of the faid Harbour in a Joint Stock Company of Proprietors

[ift July 1812.]

\The Company of Proprietors of Margate Pier and Harbour incorporated. j

Cap. clxxxvii.

An Aft for veiling the fettled Eilates in the County of Northampton of Richard Aldworth Griffin Lord Braybrooke* aud Part of the devifed Eilates in the County of FJfex of John Griffn Lord Howard de Walden and Lord Braybrooke* deceafed, in Trudets, to be fold ; and for laying out the Monies thence arifing, under the Dircftion of the High Court of Chancery* in the Purchaie of other Eilates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)

[id July 1812.]

Cap. clxxxviii.

An Aft for further continuing, until the Firll Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred ana lixteen, and from thence untii the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, the Powers of the Commifiioncrs appointed in purfuance of an Aft of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefly, for enabling the Commiffior.en afting in purfuance of an Agreement between the Eajl India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Car-natic* to carry the lame into Effeft.	[9th July 1812 ]

Cap. clxxxix.

An Aft for exchanging Part of the fettled Eilates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira* fituate in the County of Ze-cejler* for Part of the unfettled Eilates of the faid Earl, Innate in the County of Derby. ((q«P*)	[9th July 1812.]

Cap. cxc.

An Aft to enable Francis Earl of Moira* and the Perfons entitled in Reverfion expeftant on bis Eftate for Life, to grant Leafcs of Mines and Mineral Property on their Eilates, in Ajhhy de la Zemch in the County of Leiceftcr, and Qakthorpe in the County of Derby. (q. P.)	[9th July 18(2 ]

Cap, cxci.

An Aft for enabling the Right Honourable Montague Earl of Abingdon to grant Leafes for Lives, or for Years determinable on Lives, of his fettled E Hates in the Parilhes of Cmsnuer alias

Catcher*

C.cxci—cxcvii*

52°

GEO. I It

Cumber, and Hinkfey, in the County of Berks, upon the Term* and fubjeft to the Reftriftions therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[9th July 1812.]

I°4S

Cap. cxcii.

An Aft for confirming and carrying into ‘Execution certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into between the Right Reverend Father in God John Lord Bifhop of London, Sir John Frederick Baronet, Arthur Stanhope Efquire, Frederick Treife Morjhead Efquire, Sir John Morjhcad Baronet, and Dame Eliza• beth his Wife, and Selina Tkijllethrvaytc; and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junftion Canal, (q. P.)

[9th July 1812.]

Cap. cxciii.

An Aft to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to fell, and the Right Reverend the Lord Bifhop of London and his Leflees of the Eftate at Paddington, belonging to the See of London, to purchafe certain Waters and Springs, and the Conduits and other Appurtenances thereto, within the feveral Parifhes of Mary le bone and Paddington, in the County of Middlefex. (q. P.)	[9th July	1812.]

Cap. cxciv.

An Aft for vefling a MefTuage, with the Appurtenances, fituate in Devon/bire Square in the City of London, and a Mefluage and Lands fituate at Wimbledon in the County of Surrey, Part of Eftates fettled by the Will of Abraham Aguilar deceafed, in Truflecs, to be fold, and for other the Purpofes therein mentioned. (q.P.)

[9th July 1812.]

Cap. cxcv.

An Aft for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from The Grand JunSion Canal in the Parifh of Paddington, to the River Thames in the Parilh of Limehoufe, with a Collateral Cut in the Parifh of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlefex.

[13th July 1812.] [The Company of Proprietors of the Regent’/ Canal incorporated."^

Cap. exevi.

An Aft for making a Pier and Landing Place at Ryde, in the IJle of Wight.	[13th July	1812.J

[The Ryde Pier Company incorporated.]

Cap. cxcvii.

An Aft for watching and lighting Part of the High Road leading from London to Croydon, commencing at the Turnpike Gate at Kennington, in the Parifh of Saint Mary Lambeth% in the County of Surrey, and leading from thence on the Line of the faid Road, to Brixton Hill, and as far as the faid Parifh extends in that Di-reftion.	[ibth	July	1812.]

3X2	Cap.



Google

*• •

• CXCYlll—CC1I1.

5*# GEO. in.

AJD.18U

Cap, cxcriii.

£X G. 3. c. ecu. An Ad for amending an Ad of Hit prefent Majesty, for makng a Road from the Kent Road in the County of Surrey, to Deptfui in the County of Kentt and a Branch therefrom to HorJUydo*rn> in the (aid County of Surrey.	[18th July	1812.]

Cap, exeix.

£ G *.&x6.	cn^ar&in8	Term and Powers of Two Ads of King

® q ^c. ix.	George the Second, and Two Ads of Hit prefent Majesty, for re-

G. 3* c* *9*	pairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Sait/

11 G. 3 c 10John's Bridge% in the County of Gloucefier. (h)

*	[18th	July	1812.]

[Additional Trvflees, Former Tolls repealed, nesu Tolls granted', Double Tolls on Sundays.]

Cap, cc.

An Ad for enabling the Devifees in Truft named in the Will of George Sbaw decealed, to grant Building Leafes of certain Eftatet fituate in the Pariih of Saint Dunjlan Stepney otherwife Stebwnbuth, in the County of Middleftx% thereby deviled, (q. P.)

[18th July 1812.]

Cap. cci.

An Ad for veiling in Truilees Part of the Great Tithes of the s Prebend of Beacbill and KnareJbrougb% in the County of Torl> m Truft, to be fold; and for laying out the Monies thence arifiog, in the Purchafe of Eftatet to be fettled and annexed to the faid Prebend, (q. P.)	£i8th July 1812.]

Cap. ccii.

An Ad for enabling the Trufteet of the fettled Eftates of Edmond IVoiler Efquire, deceafed, to raife Money upon Mortgage of the fame Eftatet, for the Purpofe of fatisfying the Fines payable to the Biftlop of lVincbeJlcr% for the Leafe of the Mauor of Moreton, in the County of Buckingham ; and for veiling the faid Leasehold Premifes in the Truilees, upon Trufts, coriefpouding to the Ufet of the fettled Eftates. (q. P.)	[18th	July	1812.]

Cap. cciti.

An Ad for veiling the devifed Eftatet of John Price Efquire, deceafed, in Truilees, upon Truft to fell certain Parts thereof, and out of the Purchafe Money to difeharge a Mortgage Debt due to the Representatives of Charles Gore Efquire, deceafed, and to lay out the Reiidue, under the Diredions of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, and to Hand feifed of and convey the Eftatet to be fo purchafed, at well as thofe remaining unfold, to the Ufes of the faid John Price's Will. (q. P.)

[18th July 1812.]





520 geo. m.

C.ccir— cci.

i°47

Cap. cciv.

An Aft for Telling Part of the fettled Eilates of Maurice Nugent 09Connor Efquire, in the County of Rofcommon, in Ireland, in Truftees, to be fold for Payment of Incumbrances, and for fettling other Eilates in the King's County, in Ireland, in lieu of the Eilates fo to be fold. (q. P.)	[18th	July	1812.]

Cap. cct.

An Aft to enable the Dean of Saint Paul London to grant a Leafe of Mefluages, Tenements, Lands and Hereditaments in the Parilh of Saint Paul Sbadwell, in the County of Middlefex, and to enable the Leflees to grant Sub Leafet for building on and repairing that Eilate. (q. P.J	[22d	July 1812.]

Cap. ccvi.

An Aft for effeftuating an Exchange of the Advowfon of the Reftory of the Church of South Cove in the County of Suffolk, belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowfon of the Reftory of the Church of Depding otherwife Depden, in the fame County, belonging to Sir Thomas Gooch Baronet, (q. P.)

£22d July 1812.]

Cap. ccvii.

An Aft for veiling Part of the devifed Eilates of George Philippe Efquire, deceased, fituate in the County and County Borough of Carmarthen in Trullees, to be fold, and for laying out the Monies thence arifing in the Purchafe of other Eilates, to be fettled to the fameUfes. (q. P.)	[22d	July	1812.]

Cap. ccviii.

An Aft for incloling Lands in the Manor of Beddington, with the Manor of Bandon, in the County of Surrey. (q.P.).

[22d July 1812.]

Cap. ccix.

An Aft for building a new Prifon in the City of London, for removing thereto Prifoners confined under Civil Procefs in the Gaol of Newgate and the Two Compters of the faid City, and alfo the Prifon of Ludgate, and for converting the Building now containing the faid Two Compters and Ludgate into a Gaol for Criminals in the faid Two Compters and into a Houfe of Correction for the faid Citv of London.	[29th	July	1812.]]

Cap. ccx.

An Aft for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to improve and grant Building Leafes of the Ground in Moorjiclds ; alfo to fell all the Ground comprifed in fuch Leafes when improved, and to apply the Produce thereof towards increafing the Orphans Fund.	[29th	July	1812	]

3X3	Cap.

Google

io^8

C.ccxi—ccxli.

S2° GEO. Ill,

A.D.iftiz.

Cap ccxi.

An A& for the further Improvement of Satmi Gtorgfs Fields in the County of Surrey•	C29tIl J*b	181a.]

Cap. ccxii.

An A St for allotting Lands in the Parifliea of Longhorn 9 Kempftom, Mifeham, and Beejlon next Milcham, in the Countv of Norfolk. (q. P.)	Igth	Maj



\



INDEX

TO TUB

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 52 GEO, III.

* Signifies that the A3 relates excbujively to Ireland.

Cap.

Abuses (offices) -	*92

— - - (Trufts for Charitable Purpofes) -	-	101

Accounts (Military)	-	*51

---—-— (Pubiic)	-	*52

Agent General for Volunteers, Sec.

Bank Notes and Bills

(Imitation of)

152

Agents (Embezzlement of Securities) -	-	-	63

Ale (Licences)	-	*46

Alice Holt (Forcft of) -	72

America, to Canada (Foreign Goods)	-	55

Annuities (Duties)	-	56

.--------(Life)	-	129

■ ■■ (PrincefTes)	-	57

■ ■ — - - [See Loans)

Annuity (Earl Wellington) - 37 —— (Widow, $cc. of Hon.

S. Perceval)	-	67

Appeal in Revenue Caufes (Com-miffioners)	•	-	*78

Appropriation Aft	-	154

-	-	- ----of j&2co,ooo. for

Ireland	-	-	164

Archbifhops (Coadjutors)	*62

Army (Mutiny and Defertion)	22

—	(Prize Money)	-	132

Affeffea Taxes (Duties) -	93

»	.	. ——- (Allowance for

Children)	-	93.	147

—- (Colleftion, &c.)	95

Attomies (Embezzlement of Securities)	-	-	.	63

Auftion (Coffee fold by)	53

Augmentations to Stipends	in

Scotland •	-	131

Bank of England (Transfers)	148

<---------------  or	Ireland	(To-

ken«) •>	*	157

C.p.

i

Tokens (counterfeiting) j Bankers (Embezzling Securities) 63 Bankrupts (Members of Parliament)	-	-	144

Baptifms (Regifters)	-	146

Beer (Licences)	-	*46

—— (Sugar in brewing)	65

Bentham, J. Efq. (Compenfation) 44 Births (Regifters)

Bifhops (Coadjutors to)

Blue (from Wheat prohibited)

Boats (Licenfing)

Bogs (Draining)

~	*’	no

Bonding Warehoufe’( Goods) Bonds, Sec. obtaining by Pretences Bounties (Ireland)

—	(Linens)

-	(Pilchards)

Raw Sugar)

146

*62 127

141

#74

142

falfe Cap. 64 *69 96 42 *5

—	( Spirituous Liquors,&e.) *46

-	(Sugar exported) 15. *25

-- (fufpended)	15

101

IIO

63

146

•134

Breaches of Tru Its Bridges (County)

Brokers (Securities for Money) Burials (Regifters)

Butter Trade (Regulated)

Canada (Goods from America to, prevented)

Worfted Yard from

iS

G. B. to, allowed Cards and Dice (Duties under Commiffioner8 of Stamp Duties) *87 Carriages (Toll on Hufbandry) 145 Charitable Donations (regiftering) 102 Jbufes of

Trufts)

Purpofes (At



Google

of

IOI

Chelfea

INDEX TO THE PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, ja*GEO. IE.

Chelfea Hofpital (Army Prize j Dublin (Port and Harbour) Money)

(Penfion*)

C*

*l'5

Cinder* (Dutie*)

Clerk* to Attorxiie* (Affidavit*) Coadjutor* (Archbimops and Bi-/hops) -	•	'	*62

Coal* (Duties)

—	/Price in Dublin)

Coal Trade (meafuring Ship*)

Cocoa (Exportation)

Coffee f Sold by Au&ion)

■	(Exportation)

—   (Separating damaged)

Coin (Current Gold )

Commiffioners of Appeal in Revenue Caufe* (Provilion)	*78

■	—............Cuftoms	(licenfing

Boats)	-	141

— ■ —	» ■ — Public Expenditure	•	-	41

Copper (Duty on)	•	8q

Com (Diliillation)	3. *47.	J18

Counterfeiting (Silver Token*) 138 Court*of Equity (Suitors) 32. 138 Crown	Glaf* (Countervailing!

*136

9

98

53

98

149

5°

Duty)

-(Drawback on

>r

Culm (Duties on)	-	9

Cuftom Houfe ( Buildings)	46

Cuftoms ( Licenfing Boats, &c.)	141

■ (Revenue of)	-	*76

Cuftom* (Superannuation Allowances)	60

—and Port Duties (Revenue) -	-	*76

Debtors (Imprisoning) -	34

«■■■' (Infolvent) 13. ♦163. 165 Defence of the Realm ( Fines, Sic.) 105 Derelid Goods (Duty on)	159

Diffenters (Relief)	-	155

Diftilktion (Corn |	3.#47.	,,8

Spirits from Corn

Eaft India Company (Loan to) 135

—------- JLoan	Ad	50	G. j.

amended	-	-	10

.- ( Railing Men )	122

---------(Transfer	of	Debts)	121

Egypt (Goods from)	•	119

Embezzling Naval Stores, &c. *il Securities for Money,&c. 63 Equity (Courts of) Stock	-	32

Exchequer Bills (See Loans)

Excife Officers (Superanmn* tion)	-	-	8r,	82

— and Taxes, Inland (Revenue)	-	-	*97

! Exportation to America of Sugar, See. imported into Bermuda 79

-— Glafs ( Frauds in )	77

Goods, Sec- (Drmw-

•69 140 4* 59 99 *46

*45

backs, &c.)

--------to Ifle of Man

------ Pilchards (Bounties)

------— Plate (Drawback)

-------Salt from Bahamas

-------Spirits (Drawback)

------------Irifh	made

(Drawback)

Sugar

from

Sugar

♦fix

&c.)

(Drawbacks,

Sugar, See. from Colonies, &c. to Europe, South

#*S

Cape Finifterre --------------Weft

India I Hands

98

prohibited)

- - Spirit

(Colle&ing Duties)

Dollars (Counterfeiting) Draining Bogs

Drawback (Glafs, Frauds in) Drawbacks (Spirits)

Dublin (Coals)

| Sugar)

Tobacco)

*5

*48

#74

77

•46

#*5

*58

*136

and Colonies iu America	100

Exportation, Worfted Yarn to Canada	-	-	ss

Families and Wives (Militia)	*t&

( Soldiers) *27.120 Fees (Public Offices) -	*92

Fifhery (White Herring) -	153

----- (Ships in Southern Whale) 103

Flint Glafs (Countervailing Duty) |

(Drawback on)

Flotfam (Duty on) -	1

Foreign Liquors (Duties on)	\

Officers wqunded

IJ9

*5*

FrameknittingMachincs ( Deftroying)t6

Gaols ( Relief to Prifoners)	x6o

Glafs (Drawback 09)	•	77

Ghk



INDEX TO THE PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 520 GEO. lit

Glafs (Excife on) -	54-94

Gold Coin (Bank Notes)	50

Goldfmid (Debt to the Crown)	75

Grain (Difiliation) -	3.*47. 118

Grants of Offices in Reverfion	40

Hair Powder (from Wheat prohibited)	-	-	127

Half Pay Officers	•	151

Hawkers and Pedlars -	108

Herring Fiffiery -	•	153

Hides (Duties of Excife)	94

Honduras (Wood from)	-	36

Houfe of Commons (Oath of Members)	-	-	-	21

---------------- (Offices)	11

Houfehold (The King’s) -	8

----------(—--------Support of) 6

Hufbandry (Tollon Carriages) 145

Jamaica & St. Domingo (Trade prohibited)	-	-	35

Jetfam (Duty on)	-	159

Importation (Bahamas) -	99

-----------Bermuda (American

Articles)	79

■	--- ----- Britifh or Irifh-made

Spirits fufpended 3 -----------Copper (Duty on) 89

-	■ —- ■ ■ Corn from Africa, &c. 98

—	-----Foreign Liquors, To-

bacco, &c.	159

----	Goods, &c. (Drawbacks, &c. on) *69 -— ■	■ - Goods,&c. iuto and from

the Weft Indies 20

-----------Mahogany (Duties on) 36

-----------Mails, Yards, &c.	33

—	■ ■---Nova Scotia and New

Brunfwick	20

------ Oak Bark (Lowering

Duty on)	-	18

—	Pilchards ( Bounty on) 42

———--------Pot and Pearl Afhes 117

———— Starch (Duties on) in

part fufpended	-	127

-	—------Stone Bottles	139

■ ■	—— Tobacco -	20

- —-......—	Turkey, &c. from	119

......— —Wood	-	117

Innkeepers (Soldiers)	43

Infolvent Debtors	13. *163.	165 I

Ifle of Man (Exportation)	140'

Cap.

Juftices of Peace ( Powers to )	16*

■ ----- (Relief to Debtors}	160

King (Houfehold of The)	6

-----(Privy Purfe of)	148

-----(Real and Perfonal Property) 8

-----(Manor of Sandhurft)	124

Lace Frames (Deft roying)	16

Lagan (Duty on)	-	159

Land Tax (Redemption of)	80

Law (Execution of the)	*91

Legal Quays (Purchafing)	49

Levant Seas (Goods from)	119

Light Houfes -	-	*115

Linens exported (Bounties) applied to Loan	96

Loans, Annuities, Exchequer Bills,

&c.	4,5.	14. 24**70. 85, 86.

*90. *113, 114. 135. 164. Local Militia {See Militia)

London ( Port of) purchafing Quays 49 .

----- & Middlefex (Penitentiary

Houfe) -	-	44

Lotteries	-	-	19.	125

Mahogany (Duties on) *	36

Malt 1 Annual Duties) -	1

---- (Duties fecured) -	128

Marine Forces ( Regulation of) 23 Mariners, wandering, 39 El. repealed

Marriages (Regifters) Martinique (Duty for Sugar of)

31

146

Medicines

>0

(Lie

Wafte on

%

icences)	*5°

Membei s of Parliament ( Bankrupts) 144 Merchants ( Embezzling Securities) 63 Military Accounts (Auditing) *51 ------- Departments (Public Expenditure)	-	41

Militia, Allowauces (Adiutants,&c.) 83 (Subalterns) 84.*! 12 *28

(Families) (Fines, See.)

,	105

-----(Infpeding Field Officers,

Half Pay) .	-	r5,

-----(Pay and Clothing) m,

-----Laws (Amending)	*29

-----(Local)	38.	68.

------------—(Agent	General)	'	iya

.......... -	(Pay and Clothing) m



Google

Naval

INDEX TO THE PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, J2*GE0. III.

Cap

Nival Stores (Embezzling)	*12

New Forefl	-	-	161

.NewfoundlandDuty on Rum, See.) 106 North America (Importation of Mails, &c.)	33

Notes and Bills (Imitation of Bank) 138

—	---Coin	-	50

Oak Bark ( Lowering Duty )	18

Oaths (Members of Parliament)	21

—	- (Unlawful)	-	104

Officers of Excife (Superannuation)

81

•------wounded (Foreign)	151

Offices (Annual Duties on)	1

—	- and Employments (Duties) 56

-------(Grants of)	-	40

— (In Houfe of Commons) 11

■	■■ ■ - (Indemnity)	-	26

■	—— ■ (Public Fees, &c.)	*92

■	---- (Security)	-	66

Ordnance Stores (Embezzling)	# 12

Parifh Regiftcrs -	-	146

Parochial Relief to Debtors	160

Peace ( Prefervation of) 17. •qi- 162 Peirl A dies (Duty on)	117

Penitentiary Houfe (London and Middlefex)	-	44

Penfions (Annual Duties on)	1

—— (Chelfea Hofpital)	109

—	— (Duties on)	-	56

- - ( Foreign Officers wounded )

to Widows of Officers ol

7

Army (Accounts)	133

Perceval, Rt. Hon. S. (Annuity to Widow, 8cc.)	-	67

Permit (Coffee) -	-	149

Perquifitcs, Public Offices (Commif-fioners)	-	-	*92

Perfonal Eflate (Annual Duties) 1 Phial Glafs (Drawback)

--------- —	(Excife Duties on)

Pilchards (Bounties)

Pilots -	•	*

Plate (Drawback)

Poor (Amount of AfTefTincnts re-pealed)	. -	73

-—*- (Prifoncrs for Debt) Parochial Relief -	•	160

Population -	-	*	133

Port Duties (Revenue) •	*76

C^-

Port of London (Legal Quays) 49 Poftage (Additional Rates)	88

Pot Afhes (Duty)	-	117

Preachers	-	-	155

Prince Regent, £ 100,000. to 7

-----of Wales (granting Lexica) 123

Princeffes (Annuities)	•	57

Prifoners for Debt (Relief)	-	160

——	of War (Aiding Efcape)

*5<J

Property (Deftroying) -	130

--------Tax (Afleffment, 8tc.)	95

Public Accounts (Auditing) • 52 ------Money ( Receiving, dec.)	*92

Quays, purchailng, (Port of London)	-	-	-	49

Queen (Allowances to The) - 8

Raw Sugar (Bounty on)	-	15

Redemption of Land Tax	-	80

Regency Ad. 51 G. 3. amended 8 Regent, Prince, {£ 100,000 to) 7 Regifters (Parifh)	-	-	146

Religious Worfhip	-	153

Revenue Caufes (Commiflioners of Appeal)	-	*78

----------Laws	(Redding) - 243

Reverfion (Offices)	-	40

Riots (Deftroying Property) 130 Rockingham Forefl	-	i6f

Rum, Sec. into Newfoundland (Duty)	-	-	to&

Salt (Exportation, Bahamas) - 99 —— (making Oxiginated Muriatic Acid, for bleaching Thread, See.) Allowance of Duty	-	107

Saint Domingo dc Jamaica (Trade prohibited)	-	-3	3

Sandhurft, Manor of, (vetted in The King)	-	.	124

Scotch Excife, See. transferred 82 Securities in Offices	-	66

----------for	Money	(	Embezzling)	63

Silver Tokens (Counterfeiting) 138

Smuggling Snuff (Annual Duties)

-----(Duties of Excife)

Soldiers, wandering, 39 Eliz. pealed

re-

1

9* 31

-(Wives and Families) 120 Southern Whale Fifhery (Snips) 103

Spirits,



Google

INDEX TO THE PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 52* GEO. III.

Cap.

Spirits, Britiih or Irifh-made (Importation)	•	-	3

--------. (Colle&ing Duties on

Diftillation from Corn) -	*48

--------(Diftillation from Corn

prohibited)	-	3**47. 1'8

--------(Duties on)	-	*46

—----— (Exportation of, from

Corn, See. from Ireland fuf-pendea)	-	-	#45

Spirits (Warehoufing)	*30

--------from Sugar (Duty on) *61

Spirituous Liquors (Bounties on Licences to fell, repealed)	*46

Stamp Duties	-	-	*	87

---------------(Colledion)	#	116

—	-------------(Medicines)	150

Starch (Cuftom Duties in parO

fufpended) -	-	I

—	-----(from Wheat pro- f A '

hibited)	-	J

Stills of 100 Gallons (Collecting Duties)	-	-	*48

Stipends (Augmentations) - * 131

--------(Duties on) -	56

Stocking Frames (Deftroying) 16 Stone Bottles (Drawbacks) -	*46

-------------(Duties	on)	-	139

Stores, Naval, &c. (Embezzling) * 12 Sugar (Annual Duties) -	1

------(Bounties) -	15**25

------(Brewing Beer)	-	65

■. ---(Countervailing Duties) 15

------(Diftillation of) -	3

------(Drawbacks) -	15.	*25

------(Exported)	-	-	98

------Martinique, &c. (Wafte) 2

------Spirits from (Excife Duty)*6l

-----—Worts, &c.from (Duty)	3

Tobacco (Annual Duties) -	1

------- (Collecting	Duties	of

Excife)	-	-	*58

Cap.

Tobacco (Duty of Excife) - 94

-(Duty on, Derelid)	159

-------(Importation of)	-	20

Tokens (Counterfeiting)	•	138

Tokens, other than Bank Tokens 157 Treafury Bills (See Loans)

Trults for Charitable Purpofes (Abufes)	-	-	101

Turkey (Goods from)	-'	119

Vi&ualling Stores (Embezzling) *t2 Unlawful Oaths	-	-	104

Volunteers (Agent General)	-	152

-------— Infpe&ing Field Officers of (Half Pay)	-	15	c

Wales, Prince of (Granting

Leafes)	-	-	123

Warding	-	17

Warehoufe, Bonding (Goods removed) -	142

Waih from Sugar (Duties) -	3

Watching	-	-	17

Wellington, Earl (Annuity) - 37 Weft India Ports	- 20. 100

Weft Indies (Spirits from) into Newfoundland	-	-	106

Whale Fiihery	-	-	103

White Herring Fiihery	-	153

Widows of Officers of the Army (Accounts of Penfions, $tc.)	132

Wine (Licences)	-	-	*46

Wive6and Familes (Soldiers) *27. 120 Wood (Duties on) -	117

— — from Honduras (Duty on) 36 Woolmer Foreft	-	71

Worfted Yarn (Exportation to Canada) -	55

Worts from Sugar (Duties)	3

Wounded (Foreign Officers) 151 Wreck (Duty on Importation) 159


Lately pubtijhed,

I.

THE STATUTES AT LARGE,

FROM MAGNA CARTA TO THE UNION OF THE KINGDOMS OF GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

(41 Geo. III. 1800.)

Edited to the End of Henry VIII. By T. E. TOMLINS, Efq. Barrifter at Law. And from that Period, By JOHN RAITHBY, Eiq. Barrifter at Law.

In Ten large Volumes Quarto, Price 31 /. 10s. in Boards.

ALSO,

ANOTHER EDITION OF THE SAME WORK,

In Twenty large Volumes O&avo,

Price 2i L in Boards.

n.

THE STATUTES AT LARGE.

FROM THE UNION WITH IRELAND TO THE PRESENT TIME.

The Quarto Edition, 4 Volumes (including 51 Geo. III.) Price ill. 6s. in Board* The O&avo Edition, in xo Volumes, Price 10/. u. in Boards.

[Thefc Editions are continued Annually ; and any Volume or Seifion may yet be had feparately.J

Hr A General Index by Mr. Raitkby, from Magna Carta down to -50 Geo. III. is in the Prefix and will be printed in Quarto and Ofiavo, for the Accommodation of the Purchafers of the above$ and former Editions.

